Prop Culture: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Prop Culture 
 s1e7 - Who Framed Roger Rabbit - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Prop Culture (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Who Framed Roger Rabbit - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Movie props, like these handcuffs, are pieces of physical evidence. These bracelets, exhibit R, come from one of the most groundbreaking movies ever made, Who Framed Roger Rabbit. Idiot. I got no keys for these cuffs. Walla Walla, Cucamonga, Kokomo, there's no place I won't go to discover the rare artifacts and uncover the secrets from one of my favorite films of all time. In a movie, every detail, no matter how small, is designed to tell you something. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm Dan Lanigan, and I've spent my entire life collecting artifacts from my favorite films. Now, I'm setting out to learn more about the props from the Disney movies that I love... This thing is so cool. Because these historic artifacts make you feel like you're a part of the story. Smile, darn ya, smile. You know this old world Is a great world after all... Who Framed Roger Rabbit takes place in 1947 Hollywood in classic film noir style. I hope you're proud of yourself. Tinseltown is the backdrop for a tale of, well... A story of greed, sex, murder. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Please. When your movie is about a cartoon rabbit framed for a human murder by a toon killer disguised as a human judge, things can get a little complicated. This is how we handle things down in Toontown. Action. Director Robert Zemeckis succeeded in seamlessly blending... the worlds of live action and animation to achieve the impossible, all while making us laugh. Ooh! Toons. Gets 'em every time. My investigation begins in Los Angeles, where I'm bringing a small but important prop to a guy who knows first-hand the challenges of blending live action and animation, Disney legend Andreas Deja... supervising animator on Who Framed Roger Rabbit. - Go ahead. Come on in. - Oh, my gosh. Welcome to my home studio. - This is amazing. - I love being here, you know, surrounded by all my artwork and books and cels. - All this inspiration, right? - Yeah. Exactly. - Wow. That's amazing. - Come on in. Andreas has a storied history with Disney Animation Studios, helping usher in a new era of critical and commercial success. Lately, he spends his time working on his own animated passion project at this desk. And it's no ordinary desk. It just happens to be the same one used by Disney legend, animator Milt Kahl. Milt Kahl was one of the most renowned members of Walt Disney's core group of animators known as the Nine Old Men. From an animator's standpoint, it's like using Rembrandt's easel. I actually brought something to show you. I have been collecting props for many years. And this particular piece was from the film. It is a set of handcuffs... Oh, my God. Handcuffs. That would have been worn by, uh, Eddie and Roger. - Wow. - Did you by chance - work on that sequence? - Yeah. I think Roger and Bob Hoskins were handcuffed together when he was hiding him. So Hoskins was hooked up, then the other part was kind of hovering around, and it was my job to put Roger's hand in there. I had to make sure that Roger's arm was always perfectly in there for 24 frames per second. There's a little bit of, uh, spring here, so you can almost imagine that Roger, his hand is in there, so it doesn't need as much puppeteering. Yeah. There was all these contraptions. I remember there was a tube with some water coming out so the rabbit was supposed to... - spit water... - Yep. As he comes up out of the sink water, so I had to hide that tube. You didn't just have to hide it, you had to hide it within character and within performance. Even the eye contact had to be perfect. I remember doing one scene where the rabbit has just jumped onto this live action bed, and Bob Hoskins's eyeline was a little too high. The rabbit would be here, but he looked that way. So what did you have to do? Put Roger on his toes, you know, so you are on Bob Hoskins' eyeline. He was not really difficult to draw. - I can just show you quickly. - Oh, yes. His eyes are just these two beans, basically. Put these on here. And then he's got these repetitive wrinkles right there. But, like, the eye unit takes up the whole... - The whole cranium. Yeah, yeah. - Top of the cranium, you know. Then you branch out for the cheeks and all of that. He's got this one, sort of, crooked tooth right there. And we flesh out the cheeks a little bit. And the other one. Put the tongue in there. And he's got this clown-y... orange, out of all colors, tuft of hair... whoever came up with that. And a couple of whiskers on each side. So he's... What, what I'm basically trying to say, that he was easy to draw. He's my favorite cartoon character. Sorry, Mickey, but it's Roger. And you know what? I wanna give this drawing to you so you have a little souvenir. - No. - Yeah, absolutely. Here, take it. - This is yours. - Andreas. Oh, my gosh. This drawing represents the work of many artists over several years to reach Roger's final form. But to better understand his origins, I need to look at some preliminary sketches by people who were there at the very beginning. So I'm meeting with Disney animation veterans Chris Buck and Mike Giaimo. Recently, Chris directed and Mike art-directed Frozen. But back in the early '80s, they were part of the team that explored the new tooniverse of Who Framed Roger Rabbit. I'd love to hear more about how you guys were thinking about how the characters were gonna look back then. So, what I did is, I riffed off of Mike's initial designs. And it would be something like this, you know. This is one of Mike's drawings, where there's this wonderful attitude. There's this brightness. The shapes are fun. And then I would just go and turn it around a little bit more and hone things in a little bit. You were trying to figure out what he would look like in three dimensions - from a two-dimensional perspective. - Yeah. Where did the suspenders and, uh, the shorts come from? I think, in a way, we were riffing off, if you remember, the original book published. There is an image of Roger on the cover of the book. A lot of it was based on '40s, very early 1950s cartoon style. Although it is a different design that ultimately wound up in the film, I mean, the trademarks were all there. The bulbous nose, the big eyes, the big feet. It's just the proportions are slightly different and the nose is smaller. And that speaks to the strength of that design... - Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. - That a lot of that stayed. So, how did other characters develop? Like Jessica Rabbit? How she started, ultimately to where she ended up? We really based Jessica off of Lauren Bacall, such a great film noir actress in the early '40s. And that's where I would say Jessica's really divergent... - Yeah. That's right. - From our iteration to the final film. - Right. - When you think of Bacall, like, her features are much more linear... - Right. Yeah. - And kind of horizontal in a way, - a little sharper. - Sharp. Yeah, yeah. There's straights against curves. So I think you can see that in this drawing. And the test footage Chris did of Jessica, I thought was great. - You will take my case, won't you? - Not a chance. What do you mean, not a chance? It was a really, really fun, very challenging scene to do. And I was acting it out in my room when, I don't remember who walked in, but one of my friends walked in. But they... My back was to them as I was acting it out. And then, they finally said, you know... then I kind of turned around and went... - Oh, boy! - They went, "Nice." I went, "Yeah, okay." I think I locked my door after that... just to act things out. This test footage is a glimpse into what might have been. In the end, there could be only one Jessica Rabbit... Kathleen Turner. I've carefully packed a few pieces of evidence... And I'm off to New York City. Let's see if I can jog this Tinseltown star's memory regarding our favorite redheaded bombshell. He said if I didn't pose for those patty cake pictures, Roger would never work in this town again. - Ah, Jessica. - You hear Jessica, and as much as she's Jessica, she's you. When you think about adding the voice to the drawn physicality, you know, how does she breathe? So how does her chest move? And... how does she talk so that her lips are drawn a certain way and... Oh, it was such fun. You know, they'd say, "Let's... let's make her a little breathier." All right. Why not? Roger, darling, I want you to know I love you. I've loved you more than any woman's ever loved a rabbit. "I love you more than any woman's ever loved a rabbit." I think that's my favorite line. I just had chills. - I think that's my favorite line. - Well, this maquette here, is from the Disney Archives. It was made as an example of what Jessica would look like. And then ultimately what is in the film is even more different than this. - Her legs are longer in the film. - Yeah. Her waist is narrower. Absolutely. Well, some of that, now, honestly, is my doing. - Really? - I suggested that her legs be longer because, frankly, I was rather known for that myself. And the bustier business came about in my memory because... "I kept saying," Wouldn't it be funny, you know, Bob, "if we... we get some really big..." "in there? We can bounce them." And he liked the idea. I'd do anything for my husband, Mr. Valiant. Anything. So, I have been searching left, right, and center for pieces from this film. And as much as that... the stuff from the film was very rare, stuff connected with your character is even more so. - Ah. - Um, but I did track down one of the newspapers that would have been in Eddie Valiant's office. Oh, yeah. Right. "Toon kills man." "Murdered at the hands of jealous rabbit. No will." And he puts the glass over the will. In the pocket, he's able to see... Oh! Well, that's wonderful. See, this is why Jessica fell in love with Roger. Look at that photo. - He was a stud of a rabbit. - Yeah. He was a leading man. Seriously, what do you see in that guy? - He makes me laugh. - Ah. And this is some of the patty cake photos. Oh, how different she looks there. - Exactly. - She looks like. - Little Mermaid or something here. - Yeah. A little bit. This is the design - that she was when they were shooting. - Yeah. - Yeah. - And this is in the film. Now, this... - is a cel that I have of Jessica. - Oh, yes. "You don't know how hard it is. "Looking the way I do." And then he says... You don't know how hard it is being a man... looking at a woman looking the way you do. I'm not bad. I'm just drawn that way. She can't help it. It's really not her fault. She's so misunderstood. I mean, that film to this day, holds up. And I think it will be considered a classic. Oh, it's not... Yeah, I think it is legitimately, in every... sense of... of every medium, a work of art. And your voice is one of the best - in... in the industry. - Thank you. A seductive toon is one thing, but the filmmakers also succeeded in creating a terrifying toon in human clothing... Judge Doom. For the film's villain, Zemeckis went back to the future and called actor Christopher Lloyd, a guy who's made a career out of playing characters who are... well, let's call them eccentric. I swung by the Walt Disney Archives to pick up exhibit D, Doom's infamous costume. Now, I'm heading to Santa Barbara to get Lloyd's eyewitness account as to how this costume helped shape his character. No toon can resist the old "Shave and a Haircut." Shave and a haircut... Two bits! This is quite a surreal experience, getting a shave and haircut with Christopher Lloyd. Shave and a haircut. - Two bits! - Bum bum! - Did you grow up watching cartoons? - Yes. I grew up... with, I guess the first great animated features... - Right. Right. - Disney features, Bambi and... - Snow White, right? - Snow White and the Seven Dwarves, Pinocchio. - Classics. - Yeah. But in each of those films, there was some development where it was very scary. And kids would go home, including myself... Mm-hmm. Having nightmares about those moments. They were so powerful. A lot of people come up to me and say that when they saw... Who Framed Roger Rabbit, it scared them, you know, when I put that little shoe into the dip... Gee! You really embodied a despicable character... - Yes. - With... with strong motivations that were a little insane. Wait a minute. Insane? Ugh. How did he get in here? Action, Chris. I'm looking for a murderer. Woah! - Look at that. Look at that. - That's a blast from your past. Does it have your smell? No comment. Wow. What does it feel like seeing this costume so many years later? Well, I kind of wish I was still wearing it... actually. - Really? - Yeah. Look at that. I'd say the hat fits. - Look at the work here. - It's a very powerful cape, isn't it? Yeah. And I remember early on in the film, Bob Zemeckis, he had a fan going. It was the first hint that maybe - I'm not what I seem to be. - Oh! And the fan would flicker the cape. - To make it feel more alive, huh? - Yeah. One scene that I have the glasses on, and Bob Zemeckis wanted the light to hit my glasses in a way that there was like a white glare on the glasses... - Right. Right. - Where you did not see through them. And I think there were more takes for that because I had to have my angle on my head just right. And the cane. What about the cane helped you with your performance? Well, the cane, you can sort of tap it. - Right. - And swish it around, and it kind of gives you that feeling of being... sort of... debonair... - Debonair, right. - You know? It's doing it to me just thinking about it. Yeah. This is cool. Oh, my gosh. I saw him. There he was. Judge Doom. Oh, my gosh. You still got it. - Some things you just can't... expunge. - That's right. Don't move. From a billowing cape to a secret sword, each object gave Lloyd insight into his character. And even after all these years, you can tell. Christopher Lloyd and Judge Doom are still never far apart. Benny, is that you? No. It's Eleanor Roosevelt. Come on, Roger. Get me out of here. Eddie, we got ourselves a ride. Open the doors. Working with toon co-stars can present interesting challenges. A perfect example of this is Benny the Cab. Ah! That's better. The special effects team had to create a functioning car small enough to be hidden beneath animation. And I've located this elusive vehicle in the dusty dessert town of Agua Dulce, California. I'm meeting with the owner, Charlie Croughwell, stunt coordinator and self-proclaimed back seat driver. - Charlie. - Hey, Dan. - This is an awesome place. - It's a playground. - Yeah. So you have Benny here? - I have Benny here. - I'd love to see him. - Come on in. Charlie's made over 150 films, including over a dozen as Michael J. Fox's stunt double. - Wow. Is that it? - That's it. - Let me pull it out. - Okay. Cool. Wow. - Benny the Cab. - Yeah. That's him. Awesome. Look at this guy. - This is a 1986 ATX 300 Honda. - Wow. And I must say that it's an animal to have lasted - as long as it has. - Wow. This is so cool. There was an exact duplicate of this seat mounted here, and we had seatbelts on it. Action, Bob. We made it. Charlie. Just stick out your thumb. Hey, share the road, will you, lady? This was a gas tank. This was a fuel cell. - So, the fuel cell is intended... - It's right under his feet. - Right, right in his crotch. - I mean, it's... Oh, God! Bob Hoskins would sit just like this, and then he had a steering wheel on a bungee cord. And I would have to watch him from back there. So if he did this... - You had to make sure Benny did that too? - I had to do that too. Yeah. So, Bob Hoskins, he would lead - the movements of the vehicle? - Yeah. Yeah. How did he react to being thrown around? - In the beginning, you know, he's like... - Yeah. "You're gonna do this... what with this? With me where?" "You want me to sit on there?" Well, the whole thing's disconcerting. I'm... driving a car that I'm not driving. I'm sort of acting with a rabbit that's not here. And so, the engine's Charlie. You know what I mean? And he can't see. You know, he got comfortable with me after a while. And it always takes time. He's an awesome guy. Action, Bob. Were the fenders added for a particular reason? We added them later, because I was getting soaked - anytime we did a wet-down. - Ooh. - You changed it as needed for the film? - We did. - And that continued. - Wow. Aside from that, I can take him for a drive. - All right. Let's check it out. - All right. Wow. Awesome. - That was fun. - Benny the Cab. Charlie. Benny the Cab is an example of practical effects wizardry. But if there's one gag that's always baffled me, it's this one. At least he took it well. I'm at The Walt Disney Studios to see these special window blinds and meet the man who made it happen: Who Framed Roger Rabbit's mechanical effects supervisor, George Gibbs. For decades, George has been one of the geniuses behind some of Hollywood's biggest stunts. With a reputation for nailing the shot the first time every time, he's picked up the nickname One-Take George. My job is, uh, overseeing all the various gimmicks and gags and special-effects equipment being built by the boys on the crew. On a movie like this, we've probably got two or three hundred different gags to put together. Every day, we have to account for the movements of people that are invisible, and I can honestly say that this movie is the most challenging movie that I've ever been asked to work on. In fact, it's a nightmare. Look at this thing. - One and only of Roger Rabbit. - Wow. This is an example of what you would normally think of as a cartoon trope, something that's a gag that's used in cartoons all the time. Yet you guys took it and put it in the real world. He's breaking through a window and some blinds. - Yeah. - In a way that nobody could ever do realistically, but a cartoon... - No. It's amazing. - Does all the time. Yeah. Yeah. They can do anything. - Yeah. This makes it look real. - They're magical. Yeah. It took us about two weeks to set it all up. We laid the blind flat on a bench, got one of the artists to draw Roger Rabbit, and then he cut the Venetian blind very carefully with a very fine jigsaw. And then we add a big sheet of plexiglass. Then we had Roger Rabbit cut out by laser. After that, we have to put all the pieces back... and dab them with super glue. And then behind there, we add long fishing line. - Right. - Right? Which connected to each individual piece. And they would have been on the pieces that were part of the missing... - Exactly. Exactly. - Section that's not here right now? From there we would have a ring on an electric release. - So you could just hit a switch? - Yeah. Got the cue from Bob Zemeckis. - "Now." - Mm-hmm and then... Pop. When it worked first time, that was wonderful. - One time, huh? - One time. - One-Take George. - One-Take George. It's immediately iconic and recognizable. - Yeah. - This is your Mona Lisa. Roger was sent crashing through window blinds, betrayed by a patty-cake-playing wife, and tortured by a "Shave and a Haircut." I've found plenty of dirt on this rabbit on the I am. Now, I'm down to one final suspect. My buddy's Eddie V A sourpuss, you'll see. But when I'm done, he'll need no gun 'Cause a joker he will be. Roger is my name And laughter is my game... My Roger Rabbit stand-in and I are driving to Sherman Oaks, California, to meet Charles Fleischer. Who's your tailor, Quasimodo? Charles provided the voices for Roger Rabbit, Benny the Cab, and two of the weasels. That means there was a moment when he was trying to escape from himself while driving himself. - I'll drive. - But I wanna drive. No. I'll drive. I'm the cab. Out of my way, pencil neck. - Hello? Charles. - Hey. Dan, right? - I'm Dan. - Nice to meet you. Come on in. - Come in. Come in. - Thanks, man. Now shake... whose hands do I shake first, yours or the... - Shake mine. - Rubber Roger. Look at that. I haven't seen that a long time. - Unbelievable. Please, please come in. - He was one of the stand-ins. For actors and animators alike, a full-sized Roger, weasels, Baby Herman, and even penguin stand-ins were used for visual references on set. So, how did they actually use these things on set? The stand-in was there so the actors or anyone in the crew, would know exactly where Roger was, 'cause you're dealing with empty space. So this allowed Hoskins, for instance, to see... where Roger was. "All right. Okay. Got it." They wouldn't shoot with him in the shot, right? No. That was just for rehearsal. Right. Okay. How did you come up with the voice for Roger? You read what's in the script, then in addition to that, you see what he looks like. So, because of his size... it couldn't be - a really deep voice. - Right. Couldn't be a tiny voice. And then he had to have a speech impediment. So, you know... "Jeepers, I can't believe it." "It sounds like a rabbit." - Oh, my God. It sure does. - "Please." Please. Please. - Get out of here. - Please. Richard Williams... videotaped me, "Please," so the animators would know how to animate it. Literally based off of you doing the exact same sound? - That's what it is. - That's amazing. Now, one of the reasons Charles was cast as the title role... Was his manic level of energy. I don't describe him, 'cause the movie's not out yet. I signed a paper. So, you're, uh... Could we have a little more noise, please? Thank you. Cue the jet and cue the quake! Welcome to California. He was practically an animated character already. Speed. Are we rolling? - Charles? - Line? I told you, not till 6:30. You seem to be Roger in real life. - You have so much energy and so much... - Really? Excitement. Well, that's because we, and I say that in the literary sense of cooperation, uh, have many things in common. And the odd thing is, of all the characters I've ever played in any... any scenario, - whether it'd be a movie or a film or a... - Right. Production in high school, a slideshow, no one has been as close to my core being as Roger. Why is that? Because I am a toon. Why did you ask? Because you understand. Most voice actors don't work on set with the actors. TPA, which is transprojectional acting. I'm standing here with my own mic watching what's going on over there, projecting myself into that space as though I were there. It's possible that Charles was a little too good at transprojectional acting. Eddie Valiant, you're under arrest. Just kidding. Word is, actor Bob Hoskins was still seeing cartoon characters for months after filming was over. There he was, in his costume, doing Roger. And the... My point is, he might be doing it over there and I'm doing it here looking here... but he was there. And he's... he does it to such a degree, you can even smell this rabbit. It's so unusual in... in such a great way. You have touched me in ways. - Bump that tow-a-brow! - Yeah. The costume that you wore on set, whatever happened to that? The actual red suit was destroyed by agents of an unknown government. I was able to escape, however, with the ears and the bowtie. Really? And are they still in your possession? Yeah. Welcome to 40 Rise. Hi, I'm Paula Patton. Here we are. Our next item are the ears worn by Charlie Fleischer on Who Framed Roger Rabbit. These are the actual ears worn by Mr. Fleischer on the set. Bidding starts right now at 25,000 shmoly. We got that right there. And we just got this in from Beverly. Here's the actual tie that Mr. Fleischer wore on the set of Who Framed Roger Rabbit. Original film. - I'll buy that for a dollar. - A dollar? We're gonna shut this whole thing down! Shut it down, Frank! After spending time with Charles Fleischer, I can't imagine anyone better suited to bring this level of cartoon lunacy to my favorite Disney character. Who Framed Roger Rabbit... At first glance, it looks like a simple kid's movie... Hold still, will you? But nothing in this film is simple. The cutting-edge blending of live action and animation holds up to anything created today. But don't hold your breath that characters from different studios will ever again be in the same movie. After examining these artifacts... I'd say the hat fits. And meeting the people who helped make this masterpiece... - That was fun. - Benny the Cab. I have a greater appreciation for how unique it truly is. This is your Mona Lisa. As my investigation winds down, Who Framed Roger Rabbit has left me with a lot of questions and more leads than I could ever chase down. This foam Roger still refuses to talk, but there will forever be a gentle voice echoing in my head. That's lunch. Running half. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 