Blood & Treasure: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Blood & Treasure 
 s1e5 - The Brotherhood of Serapis - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Blood & Treasure (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - The Brotherhood of Serapis - full transcript 
 An unlikely ally reveals to Lexi that an Egyptian official has files which could lead her to Farouk. But in order to get to the information, she must enlist Danny in a dangerous plan while ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 My name is Danny McNamara. When I left the FBI, I thought my crime-fighting days were over, but then I learned that terrorist Karim Farouk was on the hunt for Cleopatra, one of the world's most valuable treasures, lost for over 2,000 years, to use her as part of a massive terror attack. To find him, I needed some help, so I went to Lexi Vaziri, a thief. LEXI: Excuse me, a master thief. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And my father was killed by Farouk. DANNY: Lexi and I have a complicated past. LEXI: He wants to bring Farouk to justice, I want revenge. DANNY: Also, there's a mysterious group who want Cleopatra as much as we do. LEXI: We're not sure whether they're good or bad, but the one thing we all agree on... DANNY: Is that we need to find Cleopatra... [TIRES SCREECHING] LEXI: Before Farouk does. Previously on Blood & Treasure... I am Captain Bruno Fabi of the Carabinieri Art and Antiquities Crimes. Fabi, if the American and the girl 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 get in our way... it will be up to you to deal with them both. DANNY: You think Farouk has a mole inside Egyptian Intelligence? Yes. Masood was not the mole in Egypt. There's only one option left. Not exactly where you'd expect to find the last queen of Egypt. DANNY: It's a freight elevator. Cleopatra was here. In the photo, this was the top of her sarcophagus. Must have been hard to travel with. So in the rush to get out, they just pried it off and left it. - LEXI: Danny! - [YELLS] - Hold o... - [TASER BUZZES] DANNY: Lexi! [YELLS] _ [GRUNTING] [DOOR OPENS] REECE: You're lucky I was in the neighborhood. Jay? Hang on, Danny. [REECE AND DANNY GRUNTING] - Danny, come on. Got it? - Yeah. Good. All right, good. - How did you find me? - I called Ana. She said you had a lead on Cleopatra, Farouk had the same intel. Tried to call you. I couldn't get you on the phone... that made me itchy. I tracked your phone to here, jumped on the jet. Yeah, my phone's been dead for hours. Yeah, well, luckily dead doesn't mean untraceable. At least to my pal in Silicon Valley. By the way, if that ever comes up in a congressional hearing, I never said it. What happened here? Farouk. We were this close. Lexi and I, we got separated. My car's gone. REECE: What? What are you saying? - That Farouk took Lexi? - No. - No, he'd already taken off. - So she went after him. No, she wouldn't have just left me down there. Yeah? You know what? You were down there long enough for us to get here all the way from Rome. I'm just saying. She probably went for help. Yeah, what-whatever it is, I'm sure that she can take care of herself. You and I have to go. Jay. We can't just leave without her. And besides... There is a lot of treasure down there. Like, Scrooge McDuck a lot. Okay, we need a whole team to inventory all this. All right, that's fine. I'm friends with the vice chancellor. I will make arrangements. In the meantime, the security team can stay here. Guys, watch the stuff. - MEN: Yes, sir. - You and I have to get to Rome. - What's the rush? - I'm working on a deal to repatriate the Egyptian relics that you rescued from the free port. A lot of moving parts, three countries involved, UNESCO, but I will make it happen and you will be hero of the hour. You can be the hero. I just want to find Lexi. [TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWS] _ [MEN SPEAKING GERMAN] Stay here with Cleopatra. [STEAM HISSING] Heinz. Yes, Colonel Steiner. Have your men decouple all but the car containing Cleopatra. We need to move faster. We must meet the boat in Spain by morning. You, stationmaster. We need water and coal. HEINZ: These are regular army. Not SS. What are they doing here? Sieg heil. I have new orders signed by Brigadeführer Von Hirschmann. Surrender your cargo for immediate transfer to Berlin. [PAPER RUSTLES] I will instruct my men. We have new orders. Signed by Von Hirschmann himself. How soon can the train move? - Immediately. - Good. Von Hirschmann was assassinated 24 hours ago. The report was encrypted. SS only. These men are imposters after Cleopatra. Perhaps this Brotherhood we were warned about. Projekt Athena is the future of the Reich. And you are in command now, Leutnant Heinz. Start the train! [TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWS] [GUNFIRE CONTINUES] [INDISTINCT SHOUTING] [SHOUTS] [GUNFIRE CONTINUES] _ [SIGHS] Who are you? What'd you find? What? In the depot. What did you find? Fabi. Is that you? Oh, for God's sake. Fabi, I'm a thief. Give me some credit for being able to spot a person in the darkness by their shape. What did you find down there? Uncuff me and I'll tell you. We aren't negotiating. Shoot me and I can't talk at all. You can, if I shoot you in the knee. And your thieving days are over. We found the top of Cleopatra's sarcophagus, a golden leopard. Where was the rest of it? Taken by the Nazis, presumably. Where's Danny? He is... Not our concern. So you left him to die? Jacob Reece is en route to his location. [SIGHS] You guys, you must have people embedded in government and intel agencies all over the world. "You guys"? Brotherhood of Serapis. [LAUGHS] Who said anything about the Brotherhood of Serapis? [CHUCKLES] You're not lurking down here in a ski mask, working for the Carabinieri. And I don't imagine there's more than one Cleopatra-worshipping secret society running around Europe. Who I work for is not the question. You know what, you're right. I don't actually care. [GRUNTING] [EXHALES] [EXHALES] What is this place? You and McNamara have very different ideas of what justice means. - For him, it is a courtroom. - [EXHALES] For you, a bullet. We'll work it out. You've encountered Farouk twice, and he still lives. Join me, Lexi, and the next time we will end this. When I find Farouk, I'll finish him myself. I don't need the Brotherhood's help. And if your goons ever come near me again, I'll tell the Carabinieri and Interpol all about you and your secret lair. You won't do that. And why won't I? If we are who you say we are, how have we managed to operate in secrecy for thousands of years? How many lives must we have taken in the name of keeping our secrets? Is that a threat? Farouk has a mole in the Egyptian government. Asim Masood told Danny he suspected there was a mole in G.I.D. And we have confirmed it to be a man by the name of Sharif Ghazal. Former spy. Sharif Ghazal? He now has a post at the Egyptian Ministry of State for Antiquities as a cover. If our intelligence serves, Ghazal has a file in his safe which can only be opened by his own fingerprint. What's in the file? Farouk's network. Safe houses, bank accounts, correspondence. With that information, we will hunt down Farouk and we will kill him. And you can be a part of it. So you're telling me that you and your culty friends don't have anyone who can pull off a moderately difficult heist? We need more than just your talent. We need your access to Jacob Reece. He's working with the Swiss to turn over the antiquities looted from the Great Pyramid to the Egyptian government. There will be a reception in Geneva, and Ghazal will be receiving the treasure on behalf of the Ministry of State for Antiquities. This will give us the best access we will have to him. I can't do this without Danny, and he's definitely gonna want to know who we're working for and why. And if you tell him, you will both be dead, and Karim Farouk will be alive. Then how will I get Danny to help me? You're a criminal. Lie. _ GWEN: Captain Fabi. I've been calling you for hours. Where have you been? Is now a good time for your daily reminder that you are a guest in my jurisdiction? You know, Danny had a run-in with Farouk. He got away. Lexi is missing, and I already filed the report. Well, thanks for the update. By the way, I've been looking for the medallion of the Brotherhood of Serapis, the one you recovered from Dr. Castillo after the attack. It's missing. I put it into evidence myself. Yeah, I know. Now it's gone. I will go to the evidence lockup and look for the medallion. The situation will be remedied at once. _ DANNY: Dr. Castillo, I'm worried about Lexi. CASTILLO: So am I. There are unsolved murders attached to the efforts to recover Cleopatra's sarcophagus, dating back to the Knights Templar incursions into the Fatimid Empire. [INHALES] - Are you all right, Danny? - Hmm? Are you sure you want to do this right now? Yeah, actually, I could use having something to put my mind on. So, you think the Brotherhood of Serapis was involved in all of these deaths? I didn't say "deaths," I said "murders." 1155, The Chronicles of Aramis of Ath, Knight Templar. His cartographer was poisoned with snake venom. 1799, Alain DuMont... All of his translators were stabbed to death. Are you saying you think the Brotherhood took Lexi? I don't know, Danny. I don't know. But what I do know is that, before the pyramid attack, the world was a simpler place. Now people are dying and I'm just starting to think that maybe trying to find Cleopatra is all a mistake. Yes. [SPEAKING GERMAN] Uh, yeah. Auf Wiedersehen. That was the projects curator at the Berlin Railway Museum. And he's gonna be sending us, and us alone, the only existing copy of the track logs from the Sauber Depot dating back all the way to the Allied bombings. Now, you said the sarcophagus was taken by train from there. This could be the key to finding Cleopatra. And why is this curator sending us, and us alone, these transit logs? Turns out they just acquired a vintage engine from the Anatolian Railway, and they happen to need a new wing in which to house it. - You bribed them? - They need a new building. We need the logs so we can find Cleopatra before Farouk does. DANNY: All right. I'm gonna get going. Let me know the moment you hear anything about Lexi. [DOOR OPENS] [EXHALES] Lexi? I have to say, Daniel, this really hurts. I've been lost, and you're here luxuriating. When did you...? Hey. Eyes up here. I'm not "luxuriating." I've been worried sick about you. I must have missed your tears under the hot, soothing water. [SIGHS] I thought you were kidnapped. Dear God, I wish. Much less walking involved. I hiked for hours trying to find help. When I got there, you were gone, the place was crawling with police, so I hopped a train to skip town. Second class, which is like being kidnapped. Come on, you really think I just left you down there? What? N... No, I... After everything we've been through? I mean, maybe a few weeks ago, but we've shared strudel. Reece got in my head about it, but I trust you. Yeah, the bond of strudel can't be broken. I'm glad you're back. Speaking of Reece, I heard he's hosting some fancy diplomatic party in Geneva. Yeah. He invited me, but I'm gonna stay here and focus on Farouk. - Oh... - Why? You want to go? Diplomats in a banking capital is not exactly your scene. I just thought, you know, we nearly died several times in the past couple weeks. [LAUGHS]: I could really use an open bar. Sure, yeah. You can be my plus-one. Great. Wonderful. Get dressed, we're going shopping. Is that Reece's credit card? How did you...? Less talk, more pants. _ TAJ: It's not a question of when. We are out of choices here. What's going on? The loss of the relics from Cleopatra's tomb was a setback. We left millions behind at the free port. We cannot finance any of our operations. But we're about to begin the excavation. It will have to wait. The heavy equipment, the diggers, we can't afford any of it. But we've almost found her. We have a potential location for Cleopatra. We're ahead of our competitors. We're not gonna stop now. We could sell the one relic we have, the sarcophagus of Antony. No, the plan requires them both. Soon we will have all the money we need. How? By selling the antiquities from Cleopatra's tomb. I already have a buyer with all the money necessary to continue operations. They are so busy congratulating themselves with this ceremony, they'll never see us coming. - _ - REECE: Today is a tribute to the power of cooperation between nations. The cowardly attack on the Great Pyramid has united the world in outrage. And while we work to bring the perpetrators to justice, the least we can do is to give back to Egypt what is theirs. Minister Ghazal, I am honored to join the Swiss, Italian, UNESCO, and Egyptian efforts to return these relics to their homeland. [APPLAUSE] Mr. Ghazal, let me introduce you to some of the people responsible for finding the relics. - [GASPS, LAUGHS] - This is, uh... Danny McNamara. Yes? Yes, it's him. [LAUGHS] Mr. Reece has told me so much about you and your role in retrieving our national treasures. Well... - [EXCLAIMS] - Ah, okay. Okay. - That's, uh... - [CHUCKLES] ... very intense. - Thank you. - I can't wait to hear your tales of adventure. My country owes you a great debt. Well, I wasn't alone. Right, Lex... Lexi? Casing the joint? Why does everyone always assume I'm up to no good? Well, because you were implicated in over a dozen high-line larcenies, confidence tricks, and frauds. "Implicated" doesn't always mean "convicted." Hmm. Should've been an attorney. What I should've been is born into a wealthy family. That's right. I'm the luckiest man in the world. That's why I try to give back whenever I can, and why I do what I can to help those close to me, like Danny. I don't think Danny needs you or anyone else to protect him. I don't know. I was there, you know, the first time you played stickball with his guts. Can't say I liked the sight of that. [LAUGHS]: Stickball. How street of you. I can mix it up when I have to. - We have that in common. - That's what I'm afraid of. [CHUCKLES]: Oh, Jay. I'm not as bad as you've heard. Maybe you're worse. Well, I'm proud of my country's heritage. This is breathtaking. I've never seen a canopic jar with that kind of foil work. Even if it didn't belong to Cleopatra's tomb, it'd be priceless. And that piece, there, magnificent. GHAZAL: Drinks for my friends. [CHUCKLES] Sambuca? Sambuca. Sambuca. - Ah... more sambuca. - Ooh. [EXHALES] I find that it is an excellent palate cleanser between shots of whiskey. [LAUGHS] - Drink up! - [LAUGHS SOFTLY] - Mm. - [CLEARS THROAT] Now, tell me, is it true that you had to spend an entire night in a sarcophagus? - Well... no. - Ah...? Danny and his partners found themselves locked in the free port vault during the fire, - and they had to find refuge. - GHAZAL: Ah. GWEN: The only place to hide, unfortunately, was a 2,000-year-old sarcophagus, which they had to pry open by hand. I wouldn't worry. None of the relics were damaged in any way. Danny. If you come back to Egypt, you will receive a welcome that will rival the pharaohs. - Huh? - Yeah. [GHAZAL AND DANNY LAUGH] Goodbye, my friend. I think he had, like, seven shots since we got to the bar. Maybe he's from Finland. [SNORTS] That was a joke. About Finland. It's a national stereotype that they drink a little bit too much. What? Oh, okay. I think I'm drunk myself. What are you doing, Lexi? [CLICKING] ♪  Five, four, three... Go, go, go. - Yalla. - Hurry up, hurry up. Go, go! [GRUNTING] [MEN SHOUTING IN ARABIC] They're coming on both sides! [INDISTINCT CHATTER] ♪  [INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER] Ugh, God. GWEN: The Swiss have sealed this off. - You shouldn't be here. - Well, these are my men, my security. - Are they all...? - There was a firefight. - Your men died protecting the relics. - The relics? They're still in the truck? How many of Farouk's men were killed? We don't know that this is Farouk. It's him. There were two bodies that weren't part of the security detail. He only lost two men and left without the relics? Not a chance. It's fine. Did they collect the spent shells? From the guards near the truck, were the shells from their machine guns taken into evidence? Not yet. The coroners are just removing the bodies. I need to see Cleopatra's crown. - It's a fake. - The jewels. What about them? LEXI: Shaw stripped the gems off the crown at the free port. They were recovered in a Moldavian precious stone exchange but never replaced on the crown. Farouk never knew that. He wanted us to think he failed, so they dragged the bodies of the guards near the armored truck to make us think they died fighting him off. Get us looking the other way, while they sell the originals for top dollar. I need to, um, speak to these two for a moment, please. We need to get the relics out of here discreetly, bring them to the airport for transport to Egypt immediately. - Jay, we-we can't... - No, listen to me, listen to me. If the Egyptians think that my men and-and the Swiss police died protecting their national honor, then the world thanks us and we're all comrades in loss, but if we tell them that we lost their treasure just after giving it back to them, not only will we trigger an international incident that will set back East-West relations for decades, we'll also be telling the world that Farouk beat us again. - So we lie? - No. We bide our time until we have the son of a bitch. And then we tell the truth? Then we return the real relics, and no one's the wiser. No, listen, I don't like it any more than you do, Danny, but there are... Bigger issues at stake right now. Listen, guys, I want you to put the boxes in the car. Yes, sir. Come on, come on, let's go. [SIREN WAILING IN DISTANCE] MAN: Un pacco per Lexi Vaziri. DANNY: Grazie. Prego. Since when do you get packages here? Since my ex and his fiancé came back to Rome, my living situation's in flux. This is from a 3-D printing store. - Uh... - Yeah, it's personal. Lady business. What? You know, I spent the entire flight back from Switzerland trying to figure out what you were doing with that powder at the reception. Then I saw the flash from your phone camera... UV light. Hmm? This is starting to sound like an interrogation. Do I need my lawyer? I am your lawyer. What's in the box? Lexi, do you want me to trust you or not? What? Fingerprint? I've been developing a lead. You brought me in because I have contacts, and you don't want to get your hands dirty dealing with them. Also, I didn't even know if I could get the print, and without the print, the lead's useless. I didn't want to get your hopes up. Get my hopes up? Ooh, you're gonna be party to shady things. Do you want to be party to shady things? [INHALES] Fine. The mole in Egyptian intelligence? Sharif Ghazal. - No way. - Oh, yes. Who told you that? For your protection and for my own, I can't tell you, but it's solid. Then we have to tell Gwen. If he had anything to do with what happened tonight... Danny, red light. My people told me that Ghazal has a file in his office safe that details Farouk's operation. We rat him out, he destroys the file, disappears, and we've just thrown away our only shot. But... if I can scan the contents of that file without him ever knowing... You needed Ghazal's fingerprint to open the safe. So you took the photo image, 3-D printed it onto a latex sleeve, and then delivered it to a priest's apartment, - thereby implicating him... - Whoa. In your plans to break into Ghazal's office. Do I have that right? [SCOFFS] That's something a criminal would do. A criminal with access to a 3-D precision printing service that works overnight, takes Bitcoin, and doesn't ask any questions, thereby implicating no one. You need to stop asking questions you don't really want to know the answers to. Ghazal's office is in the Ministry of State for Antiquities. The place locks down like Fort Knox at night. But a criminally-minded individual could sneak in during the day when the place is open, and there's plenty of people around for cover. Wait. Wh-What's happening right now? Especially if that criminal knew when Ghazal was gonna be out of his office for an extended period of time. Funny story on a completely unrelated matter, Ghazal told me that if I were to show up in Cairo, I would receive a welcome to rival that of the pharaohs. Listen, if this goes bad, Egyptian intelligence is no joke. We said we'd bring down Farouk together. So if this helps, I trust you. No matter how shady your friends are. [SIGHS] All right. Let's do it. Okay. One thing, though. If it turns out that Ghazal is a mole for Farouk, we're turning him in. There he is. There's the Danny McNamara I know. Yeah. Hey, Jay. Is your jet available? ♪  _ Danny, Ghazal's on his way to you. Copy that. ♪  Going in. [GRUNTS] [BOTH SPEAK ARABIC] ♪  [SIGHS] [CART ROLLING, SQUEAKING] - [THUMP] - [BODY THUDS] Minister Ghazal. Thank you so much for meeting me. Mr. McNamara. Bit lavish for a lunch, don't you think? Well, you were so kind to meet me on short notice, - I wanted to make it worth your while. - Yeah. Are you here for Mr. Reece? No, no. Just came to see my new friend. You said you had some information for me. What-what is it? Yeah, yeah, please, come... come have a seat. This better be worth my time. [ELECTRONIC SQUEAL] Okay, Danny, you'd better make that lunch last. He's a happy drunk. Get some wine in him. [SIGHS]: Well... we better look at this wine list, see if we can make your day a little less stressful. I must have given you the wrong impression in Geneva. I allow myself, uh... An indulgence when I am abroad. But when I am at home, I must portray strength and temperance. [CLICKING] I assumed, when you called me, that it was an emergency, or that you had some important new business to transact with me. But... you seemed so compelled by my tale [CHUCKLES]: of recovering the artifacts. Was there something you neglected to tell me in Geneva about that story that... Required interrupting my day? Uh... [CLEARS THROAT] Ma'am, I think we'll order now. LEXI: Listen, when a waiter comes, order the fattah. It's hard to prepare, takes a while to eat. So, are-are you serving the fattah? _ [CLEARS THROAT SOFTLY] I am exceptionally busy. If you are here for the free alcohol and for the fattah, then please be my guest. [OVER RADIO]: Gorge yourself. Send the bill to my office. Oh, my God. - What? What is it? - What? Danny. Do not let him leave. Stall. I need more time. I-I-I am... I'm so sorry if I've offended you. It was entirely unintentional. Let me give you some advice, Danny McNamara. [SIGHS] The key to preserving the favor of a powerful man is never to impose on it. Good day. Sit down. Now. - What? - You heard me. Sit your ass down. I beg your pardon! There was an attack on the convoy carrying the relics out of Geneva. Men are dead. Good men who gave their lives to protect your nation's birthright. Someone tipped Farouk off to the convoy's route. You're looking pretty good for the prime suspect. Ha! - Preposterous! - Is it? - Yes. - I'll gladly pass my concerns up the chain, and... You can explain yourself to a rendition team in a black site. Perhaps... [CLEARS THROAT] We should have a look at the wine list, huh? [INDISTINCT CHATTER] Hey. Mission accomplished? He had the bloody Library of Congress in there. - Well, I tried to make lunch last. - Yeah, I heard. That part when you went, "Sit down, shut up, Minister." Sexy. Yeah? I was able to scan about half of what was in the safe. Let's hope it was the incriminating half. Yeah, sounded like you found something unexpected in there. What was it? It was a letter. From Farouk... to my father. What? Thanking him for their long and fruitful friendship. It was before we started working together. It implies my dad helped fund his terror operation. No, how-how is that possible? We introduced them. Duck! [GRUNTING] We have it! [INDISTINCT CHATTER] [TIRES SQUEAL] It was them. It was Serapis. And they took the file! _ DANNY: Look, it was the Brotherhood of Serapis. The guy was wearing this medallion. Okay, so how did they know where to find you? My source went dark. I think someone got to him, and that's how they got to us. Would you like to tell us who your source is? Not unless you want to be complicit in a criminal conspiracy. DANNY: Okay, we have to assume that Serapis was onto us from the beginning and they know everything about us. Yes, well, you know what they say: Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they're not out to get you. Last night there was a break-in at the Berlin Railway Museum. Two people were shot, including the curator. The thieves took only one item. The railway logs for the Sauber Depot. Those can't be the only traces the Nazis left behind. We have work to do. No, Danny, you've just been attacked. You need to take a step back. I'm not letting these murderers get Cleopatra. All right. Then good luck to you all. REECE: Wait a minute, Ana, - where are you going? - Dr. Castillo, - we-we need you. - No, no, no, no, no. You were beaten. You were shot at. Your security detail was murdered. My team at the pyramid. Now these innocent men in Berlin. How many more people need to die? Farouk plans to kill a lot more people. Please don't talk to me about Farouk. It may have started with him, but now it's about your, your, your, all of your obsession. Cleopatra has been missing for millennia... maybe she wasn't meant to be found. Maybe that's why everybody who touches her dies. I have been asked to join a dig in the Tiraju Fortress of the Northern Sinai, and I... Am going to say yes. And I'm gonna make damn sure that what we dig in Egypt stays in Egypt. No, Ana, don't be ridiculous. We are so close. You can't quit now. Watch me. Let me talk to her. I know we are doing the right thing. Unless you're having second thoughts, too. Grazie. Ooh! [SPEAKING ITALIAN] Was that you in Berlin? I know nothing about Berlin. But you know about Cairo. You didn't really think we'd let you keep the file, did you? You people. You people stole my phone. I have a new one for you. There. Oh, please. Mine was much nicer than this. It's untraceable, sturdy, and only I know the number. - [SPEAKS ITALIAN] - Keep it. I don't work with people who try to kill me. We figured you would need something to give you cover. After all, you brought your boyfriend along. Not my boyfriend. Doesn't matter. You never should have involved him. Well, it won't be a problem again, will it? Ciao. Are you not at all curious about what you found? In the Farouk file. What we have is... Good intel. Of course, it will take some time to process, but... But I assure you it will lead us right to Farouk's door. If you want to be there when that moment comes... ... choices will have to be made. I'm not in your little club. You don't control me. No, but Danny McNamara does. You care for him, and he weakens you. [SIGHS] I see potential for something great in you, Lexi. It's never too late to choose a new life, a new destiny. I don't want a new destiny. All I care about is getting Farouk. Well, then you still have to trust me over Danny. I'll be calling soon. I want my old phone back. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 