Blood & Treasure: Season 1, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Blood & Treasure 
 s1e13 - The Revenge of Farouk - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Blood & Treasure (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 13 - The Revenge of Farouk - full transcript 
 Secrets are exposed, fates are sealed, and Danny and Lexi's lives will never be the same after Farouk's master plan is put into action. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Blood and Treasure ... We have known al along that Farouk planned to get Antony and Cleopatra somehowe in an attack. His qruw is still up there, and have a bioweapon. - Go ahead, Simon. Antony and Cleopatra being halding in a vault in the Bank Saint-Laurent in Paris. We are building a replica of the tomb in a brand new wing in my museum in Egypt. No better mania to reveal her to the world. Jay, you knew you Karim Farouk's father was? - I knew for years. I do not care that your father was someone who was a terrorist. You can not have what he was. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 That's not how the world sees it, Ana. Everything I ever worked for could be destroyed forever. Maybe you're the last person to die in the name of. Karim Farouk. I blame myself. Farouk of... someone who worked for him ... The poison would have meant for me. Unfortunately for Ana, they did it in the wine, not the bourbon. Jay, you have the revelation Antony and Cleopatra delay to Farouk's gang is caught. I agree. I already ordered. So it was poison in the wine? Why? What do you think? Farouk poisoned two other people. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 But the other two times it was a contact poison. Simpler goal, less likely a mistake like this. Why change now? Hey, guys, I need to talk to you about ... What are you doing? Dr. Castillo ... She is dead. How? Presumably, poisoned wine. Presumably Farouk's gang. What do you mean "probably"? I have my doubts, but until we know more, we have to be careful. Danny, actually remember. I spoke with my friend who is an imam in Egypt. He sent me a document from Zara Farouk's mosque. It's a baby's Sebou. Egyptian geboortewoonte as a baby shower for seven days after birth. What was in? - It mentioned the name of the father of the baby. Jacob Reece. Oh my God. What has this to do with Castillo? Castillo signed for the parcel. She opened it. She found Reece's secret and went straight to him. Gwen. - Danny, I send you and Lexi something. Wait a second. Let me put you on speaker. I went through Ghazal's hard drive and I found a few emails a private 饌 ccount to Ghazal, Yates, Reece's head of security. And they are not explicit, but it's pretty clear that they are referring to Farouk. How is that clear? They use chess terminology. Look at the first, the first day of the operation Farouk, when you worked on the case. "In today's game, my king is caught. How should I proceed? " Yates, "Use the bishop to block." Ghazal, the bishop and the king Farouk. Ghazal's following email: "King escaped capture, good advice." When we followed Farouk, and he departed to the border to not get caught ... Ghazal warned. Ghazal was Reece's mol. Not of Farouk. By Ghazal's finances? going, It seems he has a hefty payment received the next day. And the bank that issued it is the same bank that issued the check for Zara Farouk. Reece wanted him dead. But it was a capture. Could not take the risk that Farouk would talk. That bastard. He was willing to keep a terrorist. Rather than take the risk that his secret was discovered. Wait, when we Farouk followed to the free port in Gene Reece gave me specific instructions to warn him when we found Farouk, and he would handle it. It was never save on Castillo. He used me from the very first day. And then he killed Castillo to keep his secret. Danny. - Is everyone okay? I'll talk to him. Lexi, wait. I found something else in Ghazal's emails. Great, just what he needs. It also goes really. I thought I broke it. Here. There is something else, but I tell you, I want you to promise me you do not throw yourself of this ledge. How much worse can it get? Do you remember two years ago, after Farouk was on the run, and all his plundered antiquities were taken by the Americans? My father was called to take stock of everything. Well... Apparently he found a box of paper between Farouk's things ... Including an official birth certificate e with Reece and father. My father called Ghazal sure to be that it was authentic. Ghazal said to solve it. Took all the paperwork and swore secrecy. It was there in the office safe, in the file that I Fabi stable. Ghazal kept it as pressure on Reece. And Reece said he destroyed it. Reece had your father killed. He made it seem like Farouk did. As with Castillo. We have come very far. How does that feel? I almost broke my hand to strike against a wall ... and you just came back to Reece murdered your father, your first instinct was to come here ... do not rush out and put a bullet in him. It was my first instinct. But now I have one Danny in my head, so I try to come back here ... what to do. I'm sorry, Lexi. I promise we righteousness get your father. - Danny ... anyone who knows Reece's secret death except us, and we can not prove anything. Maybe maybe not. The file to which Fabi worked was destroyed. But if he shared his research with the brotherhood, they might have everything to pick up Reece. Ok ... I check with Alina and the Brotherhood. She was always honest with me. You have a lot of nerve to call. Pretty sure you robbed the bank and Antony and Cleopatra gave to the police. This is the same Brotherhood of us leave on an island in the Cara en. I admit, it was a bold move. Mostly I wish you were still on our side, to help us stop Farouk's gang. Wait ... where are you? Outside Tanis, Egypt. One of Farouk's men appeared on our radar rent a truck. Our agents followed the truck to a small port, where suspicious crates were loaded. We believe that those crates contain the biotoxin, and they probably the unveiling attacks of Antony and Cleopatra, meaning that hundreds of people at risk. They come. I have to go. I'll see you later. Wait. Travelers are advised to avoid the area of Tanis, target of a terrorist bombing this afternoon. At least 20 people were slain in the ensuing firefight and explosion. This comes at a time when the country Gwen. What did you think? Many bodies serapis medallions. There are no survivors. More than three years after two deadly ... I'm sorry, Lexi. The poison is destroyed, and the Egyptians believe that this is his last Farouk's men. The threat of Farouk attack is over. They gave their lives to stop it. Gwen. They must confirm that the same poison that Farouk armed Russia. Yes, I put all haste behind the analysis and wait here until I get confirmation. I have to go. I like contact. Literally engraved invitations Reece. The gala is back on. It's tomorrow night. Anyone who thinks it tasteless to do it so quickly? Tomorrow is the birthday of Cleopatra's death. The symbolism is too good for Reece to miss it and He worked his whole life for this moment. And we go. The next time I see this man, I plan that he's all alone. He will be distracted. Celebrating party. Thinking he got away with everything. We get no better chance to surprise him. Before. But if this plan fails, I can not promise that I do not Reece's throat turnout with my bare hands. We better not fail. Names? Daniel McNamara en Lexi Minister. Guests Jacob Reece. - Of course. Come on, please. Hey. Father Charles Donnelly. - Hello yes. Thank you. Sorry. Father. Security you should search. Of course. - Thanks. My St. Ignacius medallion. Peace be with you. He is going to pay for everything he did. Let's start. Reece is not here yet. We have everything we need? Do we have. Father? It becomes a unique confession this week. Helps you catch a killer. God will forgive you. you brought my thing? Excellent. And, what's the plan? Lexi puts it on Reece, somewhere where it is not noticeable. This recording broadcast to you. You could be anywhere in the building must have range. I try to do confess Reece. So when they check you for a recorder, they will not find. Smart. - Reece perhaps known nothing about Danny, but keep record of the case. Enough of battle, he might say something to his security and betrayal itself. What, like, "They know I Castillo poisoned, killed them?" That would be perfect. - It will probably not be as clear. Am I interrupting? Simon, of course not. Simon Hardwick. I鳬one of the heroes of the hour. Kind of. And what are you doing here? history made. We wanted to miss for any money. I'm here for the champagne and my check. Someone told me that the line for valet ridiculously long. So I get out of here as soon as I can. I suggest you do the same. What a delight. Thanks. In 1944, my father started a quest Antony and Cleopatra found. That quest took many lives. But finally lost after so many years ... again united. They are home. And so I present to you ... Antony and Cleopatra. Thanks. We were told that there would be money? There they are. Heroes of the hour, you said no medals to want, but I let them do anyway. Thanks for all your help, Mr. Reece. My friends call me Jay. Jay, I let you talk while I enjoy your beautiful exhibition. It was a long way, lad. Congratulations. Jay. Farouk's gang might be dead, but; the guy who called the world Farouk was a man named Rasheed Hegazi. He simply used the name. The real Karim Farouk is there are seeds. Danny, Relax. Relax, it's over. Good guys won this time. Maybe, but you're not safe. Unless you dismantles all the loose ends. Listen... I know a guy like you sometimes ... sometimes must exceed a limit to protect themselves. You understand? I have to... view of things, but ... Thanks for the warning, and ... enjoy. He knows. What do you mean? About Castillo. He knows. He tried to make me confess. It would not surprise me if he wears a microphone. Father Donnelly. Yes. - Would you mind coming with us? Ok. And. Gentlemen. Gentlemen? If you want your medals keep up our photographer ... No, no, I do not want to be in the newspaper. No pictures. Friendly thanks. What happened right? I saw you and Simon walk away if someone asked favor. They wanted my picture for the newspaper. I want my picture there not a false name. - Yes. What's wrong with Simon? - I do not know. What can I say? Strange guy. We have bigger issues. I know. I think I betrayed me Reece. Absolutely. He talked about his security team. Not exactly a confession, but close. That is amazing. Not great. The transmitter went dead. They found it. Ok, we have the record anyway. Maybe they are enough. Gwen. - Danny, we have a problem. There is no poison here. Wait, what do you mean? You said they blew it. Yes, they blew the barrels, but they were empty. Gwen, wait. What's the problem? I saw Farouk's chauffeur dressed as a museum guard. If he's here, the truck explosion was at Tanis a distraction. What? No. Why he wanted his picture in the newspaper? He said he wanted the spotlight. Who? - Simon Hardwick. He has been from the beginning. He is the one who called me "Karim Farouk" gave when he was rescued in Iraq. He gave us the picture. He was with the underground bazaar, Jessica Wong, every step of the hunt. Simon gave us the tip. Without him we would never Antony and Cleopatra found. We would never ... Wait, Simon killed Farouk. - No. He killed Rasheed Hegazi. The only truth that knew who he was. Simon Hardwick is Karim Farouk, and the real attack happens here. Iraq Anbar Province. The hostage was right. Hardwick's last pieces were worth hundreds of thousands. Your prisoner is quite a golden goose. And what did you do with my expertise out small raids and convoy attacks. It's time to get in to move larger world ... If you really want revenge against the West, you should attack his wealth and power. You talk about the West if you are not part of it. My mother was Egyptian. I was born in a slum outside Ca? O. Over the past year, I realized that you and I want the same things, Rasheed. The only difference is that I really know how to get. Informs us. If you try to run ... I will without a doubt in his death ten paces. - Yes. But I try not to go on the run. I'm more? Ested in an alliance. The first issue that you must address, as far as I can see, is that treasures were able to clear through a series of greedy middlemen. Intermediaries are required to move antiques. It's a cost of doing business. For terrorists, pardon the expression, it is the cost of doing business. For a man like myself, born in the Middle East but educated in the West, is a pathetic waste of money. All these companies are 鳬 a man, Jacob Reece. He and his family suck all generations empty region. What's that expression? To kill the beast you should focus on his heart. Larger goals means more risk. More losses. - I can assure you that I a lot, make a lot more money. That sounds too good to be true. How do we know you will do what you say? I ask you not to me let go, do you? The Americans have me already searching. I hope so, actually, they're looking for you. With the speed you are going, they can not be far away. We can my inevitable use rescue our advantage. I can reliably be well for you, give them as much information to make myself useful, and manipulate them from within. And what information you will give them? Each ogre needs a name, right? I thought of... Karim Farouk. You will be Karim Farouk. And that name ... Your enemies will sleepless nights caring for the rest of their lives. He had us always one step ahead. Everything he did led to this moment. Gwen, are you there? Yes, I'm on my way to Ca? O. I will bring the Egyptian authorities warn while I'm in the air. Let them prepare antidote to the mycotoxin at least 300 people. I'm on my way, Danny. Ga, ga, ga. We still have time to get out of here. We can not leave these people here. I'm going to cancer mummy not let it get me. Shaw. - God damn perfect. I think it comes to us. Wait, where's Chuck? We now need to vacate this place. Come on, I know the way. I saw here before a fire alarm. Over there. Both of you should come with us. About you literally dead bodies. We do not now sc 鈩 to email, do you? We are going to make a scene. Am really tired to be Execunaded. You were the one behind us in Boston and Havana. I owe you a beating guilty. I never could finish yours. So, you work for Reece? You need him and everyone warn in this building Simon Hardwick is Karim Farouk. He has a bioweapon. Sorry, I do not believe it. We know all about your little plan to try to stop Reece. - No. No no no. Who knows more about Castillo? Aside from your friend Shaw, we're looking for and your friend Father Donnelly, we already have. It's simple. You talk he dies. Who knows yet? Mr. Reece. Yeah, hey. We meet before? Yes. Simon. Simon Hardwick. I received the prize. Only I do not wear it now. Therefore you do not recognize me. - Congratulations. Do you mind if I put any loan, please? Yes. Funnily enough, meet we meet almost years ago. Yes, you knew my mother. Did I do that? Yes, unfortunately it was not so healthy. Yeah, no, she ... it is an understatement, she was really sick. She had a rare disease, a poison often found in ancient tombs and its slow death. Doctors could not determine what it was, and she was poor. Very poor, so her care was not very good. That's when I came to your office, hoping that maybe your hair could pay for the care they had so urgently needed. Of course, I told them I was your child. But I was dismissed. Said you do not have a son. But we know better, do not you, Dad? - Yes. Do you know how hard it was for a single woman to a ?? illegitimate child rearing in Egypt? We were mocked. She was embarrassed. And I was in another beaten by other boys, I could barely walk, and then took my mother to the check you gave her and sent me away to a boarding school in England. How do you think that little rich sociopaths treated a young Egyptian boy who did not speak Queen's English? I had to give my heritage, my culture and was a product of my environment. My environment was hell. - I think you should leave and immediately. No, I do not think I will. I think no one will, because the doors are closed. What...? Security. What I was saying, in a funny way ... Funny in a nasty, ironic way, this is all in nothing would have turned out if fate did not help me a hand. I had no shell data for my anger. And I gave the envelope my real name so you would know that your son was there, and one of these days he would come for you. And I'm happy to say, Dad, The day of reckoning ... has arrived. For now ... I'm going to watch you ... and all these other people... the aristocracy of the East and West, who left us and beat us ... I'll see you die. Just as I saw my mother die. Only fortunately for you and unfortunately for me, will happen much faster. I ask it once. Who knows more about Castillo? I gave the evidence that we found at the FBI. If we disappear, they know it was you. Will they? What is my name? They have your picture. You have nothing, just like I thought. We have this. Go. I can feel the end. Go to her, Danny. Be with your loved one. Klootz ... Shaw. The medal took the blow. Man, I can not even re? Ch die. Hey, thanks for coming back, Shaw. Yes. No problem. Bring Chuck somewhere safe. What are you going to do? I'm going to stop Simon. Come on, little buddy. And you are now experiencing. What my mother experienced after two months. Soon you will throat, making breathing impossible. And your brains will swell, that makes you delirious. I never knew it. - You never cared. I could not give up my life. I had responsibilities ... I was your responsibility. You've trained her well, that I give to, and she has a good eye. She never gave up hope to find Cleopatra. Of course they never did it. She would be the odd bauble here or there ... Selling to entertain us. And ultimately, that's what killed her. So, here we are, Dad. Finally, the world will know the truth. How you left your child. How you killed people in order to keep it secret. And how secret you eventually kills. Hey, bitch. You're not going anywhere. You will you mourn for me to stop trying. You know, I've been thinking. If you are Reece's solver, you must be the one which the bomb planted that killed my father. Is it worth dying for it? I told you I a suit was beaten guilty, so ... Let's solve this as women, shall we? do not you murder me? He would not do it. They would definitely do it. You can come in. We have the antidote. I have medical training. I can help. No. Let him die. Danny. What are you doing? He killed your father and ru? Most of my father's life, Castillo murdered and God knows how many other people. And now we have no proof. Let him not get away. Can not you see that he did not get away with. He gets his worst nightmare. Danny, the whole world will know what he did. His name, his reputation, his whole family legacy will be destroyed. And he will respect while he rots in jail. Look at me, Danny. I grabbed his murderer alive. She is out of custody. We can tell her for everything he did. Reece destroyed so many lives. I know. I'm going too yours not let destroy. Guys, where is Simon? So we checked all known companies Farouk, and the day after Simon vanished, a safe haven in the Janus Gene was cleared. The director, Rory Muller confirmed that Simon Hardwick was there. Simon seems a little stuffy nest egg. Jessica Wong confirmed that the items 72 hours ago, on the substrate market. And were sold at auction by an unknown seller. We intercepted the seller and the items collected, But we could not link the money to the seller, because the money was laundered through a related company mafia. Although we know someone with connections to help us with that last part. We believe that Carlo Velardi could give us Hardwick's location. But for now, he is reluctant to talk to. I suggest that we have a few scrape years of his sentence, which would loose his tongue. Thank you, General. I will make the deal. Before we go after Simon I need to ask you a favor . I want you inzweert me. Graham Townsend, is it? Where do you get these names? How did you find me? You do not really this whole "we detect bad guys through their treasures" thing, do you? Hello, Danny. Karim Farouk, you're under arrest. I suppose you have to do what you gotta do. But you should know ... it was not personal. Not for you, at least. It was deeply personal to me. It was revenge for my mother. I thought of all the people in the world, which you would understand. You would have killed everyone at the gala. I tried, however, you warn, does not it? You let them get away, it was a subtle nod. Notwithstanding, I like you. And Reece hurt us. All of us. Come on. We are virtually on the same side. Karim, Simon, what I should also mention, if you still one time to the gun looks under the magazine, I'm going to shoot you. I forgot it was there until you reminded me at the moment. You'll find it ironic, like me, you're here to arrest me, but actually the only man I killed was Rasheed Hegazi. You can yourself do not believe. I believe it and he deserved it. We can all agree on. He was a stone cold killer. I'm not the bad here. And. Yes, you are. Nothing personal. I'm sure I look back you soon. After all, the world is a small place nowadays. So, thanks not to me to listen when I said I you never wanted to see again. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 