Blood & Treasure: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Blood & Treasure 
 s1e3 - Code of the Hawaladar - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Blood & Treasure (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Code of the Hawaladar - full transcript 
 Danny poses as an arms dealer to extract information from a middleman used by terrorist Karim Farouk; Farouk obtains a clue to the location of the sarcophagus of Cleopatra; Lexi looks to Father Chuck for help deciphering information. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 My name is Danny McNamara. When I left the FBI, I thought my crime-fighting days were over, but then I learned that terrorist Karim Farouk was on the hunt for Cleopatra, one of the world's most valuable treasures, lost for over 2,000 years, to use her as part of a massive terror attack. To find him, I needed some help, so I went to Lexi Vaziri, a thief. Excuse me, a master thief. And my father was killed by Farouk. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Lexi and I have a complicated past. He wants to bring Farouk to justice, I want revenge. Also, there's a mysterious group who want Cleopatra as much as we do. We're not sure whether they're good or bad, but the one thing we all agree on... Is that we need to find Cleopatra... Before Farouk does. Previously on Blood & Treasure... My old friend Father Chuck works at the Vatican's Foreign Ministry. Oh, my God, you're Lexi. It looks like you're getting mixed up with a criminal who's already broken your heart once. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Omar, I need you to find the girl, the American, and Aiden Shaw, then kill them all. Aiden Shaw was Farouk's fence. He is our only thread to finding him. Agent Karlsson. Captain Fabi. Why is the Carabinieri following Danny McNamara? The Nazis took Cleopatra in the 1940s. I am just trying to figure out why. What if they were trying to turn an artifact into a weapon of mass destruction? Maybe that's what Farouk wants to do. Fabi, if anyone gets in our way, it will be up to you to deal with them all. Welcome to La casa di Chuck. I promise it's only temporary. Yeah, yeah, I know, sure. It's all right. I don't mind if you squat here, but, um... Ooh, yes, nice sword. You know... You know what? Wha...? Hey-hey. Do you mind? That is the sword of St. Ignatius of Loyola, the founder of the Jesuits. No kidding? I mean, it's a replica. Well, it's a 300-year-old replica. Maybe it's not such a good idea if you guys both stay here. You know, there's not a lot of room... We just need some place to get our feet under us until we find Farouk. No worries. "Jesuit chic" isn't exactly my style. I'll stay at my ex's place. He's got plenty of room. Is he in town, or...? Guess we'll find out. All right, while you two figure this out, I got a class to go teach. Oh, one more thing. Bedroom's off limits. What do you mean? I mean, under no circumstances are you two to have sex in my bed. Chuck... Dude, I'm serious. It's not like that. We're not back together. I know, but you haven't seen each other in a while. Things are fraught, you're here in Rome, the adrenaline's pumping. Chuck. Nothing inappropriate's gonna happen here. Chuck, sweetheart, where do you keep your towels? Oh, wow! Uh, you've been here five minutes and you're already naked. Excuse me, I haven't showered in days. Does Chuck have any fluffier towels? Gwen wants us at the Carabinieri. Pass, unless she's changed her mind about arresting me. Yeah, pretty sure Interpol doesn't send arrest warrants by text. Fine. She can wait until I've showered. You must be Detective Fabi. You certainly took your time getting here. I just wanted to look presentable in case there's a mug shot involved. Hey, Quint, long time no see. Best wheelman in the business right there. Lexi, come on. Allegedly. Thanks for coming in, finally. There's been a break in the Farouk investigation. From where? Egyptian intelligence. This is Asim Masood from Egypt's G.I.D., General Intelligence Directorate. He's leading the Egyptian task force on the pyramid attack. We have met. Asim. Agent Gwen Karlsson, Interpol. Normally, I would've been informed of your arrival, but I wasn't, so you have me at a disadvantage. They worked together to bring Farouk down while Danny was still FBI. Danny wanted to capture Farouk, Asim wanted to take him out with a missile in a crowded marketplace. They both lost him. Now you're all caught up. Farouk has killed thousands of people. The attack on the pyramids was a slap in the face to Egypt, to me. To you? You were the one who let him get away, so spare us the macha hara and tell us what you want. Yesterday afternoon, a secure filing box was taken from a deep storage facility in Cyprus when it was raided. Who did the box belong to? We'll find out. We did retrieve some surveillance footage from the storage facility showing an associate of Karim Farouk. Can you I.D. him? Yeah, that's the guy. Didn't get his name before he knocked me out of the truck. What did he take? We can't tell. Let me see the footage. Look, Shaw is the key to finding Farouk. He's currently recovering in a medical unit, wants a deal to talk. Which is taking some convincing with my bosses. I'm about to make a case to the general himself. I read the report. This Shaw person is a complete waste of time. We should be focusing on this guy, Farouk's lieutenant. I literally punched that jerk in the face less than 72 hours ago. This grainy-ass picture is as close as you've gotten, so how about we go with our plan? Feel free to pursue your investigation however you like. I will pursue things my way. Okay, that's your prerogative. Bear in mind, you're a guest in this country. You are all guests in this country. Lexi, look. The picture he's holding. That's Cleopatra. There's something written on it. I can't make it out. Asim, the only success we've ever had finding Farouk is by tracking his blood antiquity network. Now, like it or not, this is a treasure hunt. Two days ago, we caught Shaw fencing the loot Farouk took from the pyramid. Farouk was planning to pay Shaw somehow. Let's follow the money back to Farouk. I'm here to see the prisoner. Right in here, sir. It's all over for the Reich, Herr Colonel. Only thing standing between the Allies and Berlin are a couple of Von Runstedt's Panzer Divisions on the other side of the Marne. Now... you tell me where, maybe we can all be home in time for Christmas. Von Runstedt's Panzers are not your problem, Captain. What is my problem, Colonel? She is. Cleopatra. The last queen of Egypt, and perhaps the greatest archaeological find in history. She is in our hands now. But I can tell you where she is. Well, how about that? She's fascinating, but I don't see how she's my problem. Because of what they're going to do with her. They? The S.S. You're right that the war will soon be over, but it is you who will be defeated by a power the world has never seen, unless you secure my release. Well, I don't know about all that, but she's definitely worth looking into. I'll run it up the chain. You sit tight, I'll be back. Keep an eye on him. Light? Aw. Look at him. He's adorable. Maybe we should let Shaw rest. No time, but I saw this in a movie once. They stabbed this woman in the heart with adrenaline, she woke up fast. I don't know. Shaw's pretty big. You might need two. Good point. Okay, here goes nothing. Stop! I'm awake, damn it. Are you insane? I'm supposed to be resting. Then I'll cut straight to the point. Karim Farouk is on the run and you're our only link to him. Pulp Fiction. What? That's the movie where the girl gets stabbed in the heart with adrenaline. Maybe. No, it-it definitely is. Yeah, he's right. But what's the point? The point is, that's the only information you're getting out of me until I get immunity. Oh, I can still stab you with these. No, you won't. I've seen your deal. He's good cop, you're bad cop. He won't let you hurt me. You see what you've done? Now I have to stab him to keep my cred. Shaw, we're not the ones you need to worry about. Farouk's already tried to kill you twice. You want the third time to be the charm? Uh, yeah, and how is he supposed to do that with all those cops out there protecting me? They did just let me almost stab you in the heart with adrenaline. That is a fair point. The only way you survive is working with us. Farouk was paying Shaw through a hawala transaction in Paris. So it's a dead end. Hawala's an ancient system of undocumented money transfers, based on honor code. There is no transaction record, no paper trail to follow to Farouk. Shaw goes to a hawaladar with the right password, and a predetermined amount changes hands. The banker and the sender settle up after, right? Yes. So here's the plan. We go to the hawaladar, use Shaw's password. Now, Farouk wants Shaw dead, so trying to claim the money should trigger a call to him. Will they think Shaw is dumb enough to collect the money after Farouk shot him? Oh, I think we're good on that front. Yeah, let's trace a call, get Farouk's location. It's a great plan. Did you get the password? I did. What is it? Wa enta Malak. That means "None of your business." Does it? Hmm. Lexi got Shaw to give the password just to her, uh, he's got kind of a crush. Hmm. Guess we're all going to Paris. Farouk, as requested. Well done, Omar. Hmm. Cleopatra was taken to Germany. Soon we will have everything we need. Can Shaw see us? He can see. I cannot see. Hand over them giant-ass binoculars you got, and maybe I can I.D. the man. Hey, don't touch. They're very expensive. Just so you know, the way you're treating me right now isn't good for team morale. You're not on the team. Just I.D. the banker. Uh, could you adjust the focus? Hmm... He had a beard. Can you be a little bit more specific? Old guy, wears dark glasses, even inside. Copy that. Heading inside. Inside, 15 paces south, turning west. Let me handle him. Are you the man selling Skinjbeer? Skinjbeer. That would make you Mr. Shaw, then, yes? That's me. Mr. Shaw. And that would make you... Eager to get on with it. Mr. Shaw, seeking remittance for a transaction dating back to... One moment. You ready to start the trace? Agent Danny from FBI. Ooh... Agent Danny, it's me, Marwan. You remember? From Iraq. You saved my life. This is not good. I was interpreter for his FBI. Best one they had. Danny secured exit visas for my family. I think you have the wrong person. Yeah, you're mistaken, friend. I-I guess I just have : One of those faces. Mistaken? I named my youngest child after you. Th-This is... not what it looks like. This is why you should never be nice to people. My nephews. With apologies, Agent Danny. I think we kind of got off on the wrong food. Ooh. Where's the banker? Has anyone seen Lexi? Get off me! : He's surprisingly spry. Bloody hell. Any luck? He got away. You all right? Things got out of hand fast. Your plan almost worked. Hey, thanks for having my back in there. Well, we would both be dead if it wasn't for Agent Karlsson. Well, I'd feel better if we got more for our efforts. : You are so Swedish. Well, we didn't get the phone trace, but maybe one of these nephews will give something up. Already started the extradition paperwork. We'll bring them back to Rome as part of the Farouk investigation? Uh, where's Shaw? In there. He stole my binoculars. You have to admire the man's consistency. "Admire" is a strong word. All right, let's wrap this up and get back to Rome. Asim, I'm still waiting for your special assignment paperwork from G.I.D.? I need it if you are going to continue to work on this investigation. I'll see what the holdup is. So that old guy really outran you? He was surprisingly spry. Huh. But I got his ledger. All the hawaladar transactions in one place. What kind of code is this? No idea. But it'll be worth its weight in gold as soon as we figure it out. Interpol can help us crack it. Let's keep it between us for now. Look, I've just... I've been thinking. The Egyptians have now been involved in two separate failed operations on Farouk. You think Farouk has a mole inside Egyptian intelligence? Remember that capture mission, when Farouk's car suddenly changed course and veered into some populated area? Yeah. Asim was there. Yeah, exactly. And now he showed up in some brand-new investigation with no official paperwork? When it comes to Farouk, there's no one I trust outside of you and me. And definitely not Asim. So none of you are going to talk, huh? Want to speak, or no? Every one of them is silent as the grave. They could teach the mafia about omertà. None of these guys are going to talk. They're not going to betray family unless properly leveraged. I'm hoping "properly leveraged" doesn't mean what I think it means. My point is, they should be questioned in Egypt. Anything we get out of them under torture is inadmissible in court. Look, I'd, I'd like to try talking with them. You can observe only. Geez. Ah, oh... Father Chuck. I've made some tea if you'd like some. You look tired. I distinctly recall telling Danny to use good judgment, and that does not include giving you my key. You did. And he didn't. So you broke in. The lock is so flimsy, I would barely consider it breaking in. You finding everything you need? Snack selection was underwhelming. Oh, I'm sorry. Well, next time you plan on breaking in, let me know and I'll set out a charcuterie plate. What is that? This is a ledger we got from a hawaladar in Paris that has encoded transactions with Farouk. I'm gonna need, like, five minutes to process that sentence. Simple I crack this code, we get a step closer to Farouk. FATHER Looks like a dead language. Exactly what I was thinking. Thus, I broke into your place to access your extensive collection of old-timey books. All right, just so I'm keeping track. Breaking into my bad. Trying to stop good. I guess, in this case, the good outweighs the bad. So you're helping? Yeah, I mean, I'm no Magnum P.I., but if it's just comparing things, I can do that. Well, I appreciate it. It's strange to me that Danny's never mentioned you, considering how close you two are. Well, Danny's a complicated guy. He follows rules and does the right thing unfailingly. He's the furthest thing from complicated. Okay. : What? Am I wrong? You and Danny have a lot more in common than you think. How do you figure? Something tells me you're not ready to wade into these waters. No, I don't want to talk about me, I want dirt on Danny. Somebody here could use a drink. I think I can handle it. I wasn't talking about you. Where is Karim Farouk? I'm telling you, I don't know who you're talking about. You do realize you're facing assault charges on law enforcement, as well as terrorism charges, yeah? I'm not a terrorist. You are involved in the financing of terrorists, which means there are different rules for how we can charge you, where we can send you, and I don't mean France. You're afraid of him, huh? You should be afraid of him. He's here because of the pyramid attack. I can turn you over to G.I.D. Tell me, Khalid, what do you think they will do to you in Egypt, huh? What do you think he will do to you? I've got an idea. Be right back. Danny and I find a case of sacramental wine. So the next morning, we wake up on the floor of the sacristy, and Sister Charlene is screaming so loud. I swear my ears are still ringing. I can't picture Danny doing any of this. Yeah, well, we got all the stupid out of us early. Ugh, I got to lay off this hooch. I can't tell whether this is some ancient language or English at this point. That is Coptic. My mom had a bible like that. Your mom was a Coptic Christian? Dad was Muslim. I was, um, you know, caught in the middle. That couldn't have been easy. After my mom died, I didn't believe in any of it, so that cleared everything right up. Out of curiosity, how old were you when your ma died? I was eight. Is that when you started stealing? Why? Childhood abandonment leaves a person feeling unsafe, so they assert control however they can. You know, they see a-a thing they want, they take it. They see a door that's locked, they open it. It's their way of saying to the world, "You don't control me." Doesn't sound familiar. Oh. Wait a minute, these two languages are the same. We may have a winner. The ledger's in Sumerian. Huh. Oh, and with that, confession is over. What, no penance? You want penance? Don't break Danny's heart... again. Gwen, can I have a minute with him? Think it's worth a try. I'm fascinated by the hawala system. It's been in place for over a thousand years, enabling trade along the Silk Road, outlasting empires, helping give birth to the modern financial system... Based on nothing more than an ironclad honor code. It's still in place, even today. Hawala means "exchange" in Arabic, but its original meaning is "trust" in Hindi. The whole hawala system is built on that one trust. So I get why you don't want to give us any information. I understand that we're asking you to violate your most deeply held beliefs... your most sacred code. Except I'm not the one asking you to violate anything. Karim Farouk is. Karim Farouk. The oil pipeline in Dakar. Office tower in Malaysia. Airbus over the Atlantic. Countless villages raided and ransacked. Pyramids destroyed. Thousands of men, women, and children murdered by a butcher who you are now protecting. My uncle says... He says dealing with undesirable customers is a part of doing business. Karim Farouk is demonstrably evil. How honorable is it to protect a man without honor? What kind of code shields a man like Farouk while leaving his future victims without any protection? I have nothing but contempt for men like Farouk. Men who kill and maim innocents in the name of the Prophet. They tar us one and all with these acts. I will give you the information you need to help you in your search. An honorable transaction with an honorable man. Khalid said there have been a number of transactions. Antiquities in exchange for cash right here in Rome. You think that's Farouk? Think he might have a safe house here, yeah. Unfortunately, Khalid doesn't have the address. Control issues? Oh, Lexi. What is it? She got the address. From where? It's a long story, but she's headed there now. Well, it's too late to get a warrant. We'll check it out in the morning, no? I'm gonna meet her there just to be safe. Don't do anything stupid. Or, more likely, don't let her do anything stupid. Just observe. Of course. I'm coming with you. Yeah, I'm okay on my own. Thanks. I'm not asking. I insist. Lexi says this pyramid is the location of the dead drop site. The tomb of Caius Cestius, 12 B.C. Rome conquered Egypt, and suddenly everything Egyptian got really fashionable in Rome. And thus began the Western appropriation of our cultural heritage. Well, if the exchanges happened here, the safe house would be nearby to monitor them. Lots of decent options, all with a clear view of this square. That's too obvious. There's no clear line of sight. It should be one of those. Hey, maybe you could, uh, wait here in case Lexi shows up. Why are you always trying to lose me? I know you well enough not to suspect you of working for Farouk... which means you suspect me. Just being cautious. Spotting a pair of strangers below. Looks like they're trying to make our location. Orders? Describe them. One Arab, one Yankee. Both reek of cop. If they make a move, take them out. Copy that. Your special assignment paperwork ever come through? Are you even supposed to be here? No. I'm not. That day we had Farouk in our sights... he veered off course so quickly. I think someone warned him. You think someone in the Egyptian government? Yes. Look, as angry as you might be about what happened then and what happened at the pyramids, imagine how I feel when it's happening in my own country. I know what you're thinking. If I am the mole, it's a good play for me to accuse someone else. I know why you wouldn't trust me. But every time I get close to him... I hit a wall. There's no way I can do this on my own. And there's no one I trust more to have my back. All right. Let's go in, get the lay of the land. Maybe ask some questions. In case we don't like the answers. Farouk's safe house! Fourth floor! Meet you inside! Cover me! I'm going in! Do you see Lexi? Let's get out of here! Follow me! Lexi! Asim. Asim! Asim. Hey. Asim! I'll call in. Hold on. Please stay with us. : You... finish this. Promise. I promise. For our country. I will. Thought I'd find you here. Last time I saw you like this, Mrs. Kowalski's Impala got the window smashed in. Come on, batter up. 'Less you don't think you can hit my slider anymore. You mean that garbage fastball you cover with hair gel? Hey. My technique was the only thing that could stop those cheaters from St. Luke's. God, I've never seen so many 12-year-olds with mustaches. Hey, kiss off, A-Rod. Oh! Oh! Ouch! Oh, that hurts on so many levels. Well, they're leaving me no choice. Yeah. You even asked nicely. I almost feel bad for them. FATHER God loves you. Are you ready for the pain? Just try to get it remotely over the plate, Wild Thing. Ah... Boom! All right, all right. Maybe this one'll shut you up. Boom! It goes deep over the Green Monster! Hey, listen, um... Listen, I was thinking. Why don't you stay with me in Rome a little while longer? Yeah? Yeah. I'll even let your grifter girlfriend visit. Ah... She's not... she's not my girlfriend. Shut up. Look, I don't know what she is. All I know is... somebody's got to stop this guy, and I can't do it alone. And she's gonna try and do it herself anyway, and she's gonna get hurt. And if anything happened to her, I don't know, I... Wait. What? Not cool. Not cool. I'm going to, uh... I'm gonna go shag balls. Bye. How are you? Well, I got to remember to keep my elbow up. You know, swing through the ball a little bit more. I meant about today. I know. I was wrong. I feel... terrible about suspecting Asim. He was just trying to stop Farouk, same as us. He didn't die in vain. I mean, finding one of Farouk's safe houses is a big deal. It'll force him to alter his plans. He'll start making mistakes. How do you know? That's how I found him the first time. This should also help. Where did you get this? Farouk's safe house. Grabbed it at the firefight. "Bavaria, 1944." The Nazis got Cleopatra to Germany. Look, I've been thinking. Asim said something before we breached the safe house about Egyptian culture being appropriated by the West. Now the same goes for Cleopatra and Antony. They were a symbol for both. But their union led to a war between East and West, and ultimately brought down the Egyptian dynasty. Now, Farouk's attacks always have an element of symbolism. Maybe reuniting them is all part of a plan to drive East and West into an all-out war. Farouk went to a lot of effort to get that photograph. He's gonna go to wherever it was taken. Yeah. Narrowing it down will take some work, but we'll find it. We'll find him. Danny, don't worry about me. This time I'll be ready. Yeah. Wh-When you texted me before, you said something about... not having control issues? What-what was that? Stupid Chuck. He's all in my head now. He says we have control issues. Both of us. Chuck thinks a lot of things. Did he tell you his theory on Amelia Earhart? Fabi, was it Asim Masood? Masood was not the mole in Egypt. There's only one option left. They're on their way to Germany, as is Farouk. We'll be ready, whoever finds her. Captioning sponsored by CBS. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 