Saints & Sinners: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Saints & Sinners 
 s2e3 - Episode #2.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Saints & Sinners (2016–…): Season 2, Episode 3 - Episode #2.3 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Saints and Sinners: You couldn't pass up a chance to jam up Rex. How you gonna prove any of this? As long as we have this, we safe from Rex. My father dead 'cuz of you. I ain't got no problem with you. This fracture? We're looking at blunt force trauma. - Pregnant? - I love you. Your clinic is being investigated for fraud. You can't just come here and take my property. The assailant shot and killed was a detective. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Guess what he had on him? Another gun from the buy back program. These officers do not deserve to wear the badge. You all are fired. She's late. Maybe she's busy terminating the fire department, too. Here we go. Mayor. Please sit. I'll cut right to the chase here. I realize you all oppose my decision, and I understand fully your concerns, but- What you've done was unbelievably reckless. And dangerous. You fired police officers without even thinking to consult the union. I don't need to consult you or anyone else. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Look Ella- - It's Mayor Johnson. Whatever. We get it, you're looking to make your mark on this city. But perhaps, need a bit more time to ease into the roll. Cypress has a police corruption problem, councilman. Now there's no denying that. With all due respect ma'am, have you given any considerations to how this department's gonna do it's job at half-steam? I did. And I promoted a handful of vetted officers to lead the transition. This is my police force. You can't just come in here and start firing everybody! Look, it's very simple. Reverse your decision and reinstate the officers. We'll forget this matter ever happened. You know frankly, I'm not even sure you had the power to fire them in the first place. Here. We've already drafted the reinstatement papers. Thank you. Very good. Woah, woah, woah, what do you think you're doing? Sit down and shut up, Mike. I'm doin' what should've been done. What none of you had the balls to do. And you think that means you can come in here and play God? If you don't realize there's corruption in your department then you don't deserve to wear that uniform, and you should take it off. As long as I serve as Mayor you work for me. Turn your television on and see what's happening. I will not let Cypress become another news story about dirty cops and gun violence. I will do whatever it takes to clean the streets and I will start by cleaning house. Which is why I'm moving forward with prosecution. You can't do that! Watch me. Hey, JoJo. Hey. How'd the questioning go? I'm alive, ain't I? It's not everyday you get to kill a cop and live to talk about it. Place looks nice. Thank you for cleaning up. Excuse me. Hey. What's wrong? What's wrong? I'm supposed to be okay with bullets flying at me? Look, you need to calm down, alright? I'm- Yeah I'll calm down when I get my money. Please, I don't need to be involved in this- Hey brah, brah. We got a problem? Nah, we straight. Actually... I took this job to get paid. Not to get involved in-in, whatever the hell this is. That should cover your conscience. Maybe my conscience. Not my soul. Nice doin' business with ya. Homie. I'm out. Let him go. Look, he's not thinking straight. Yeah, but he ain't wrong, either. I'm sorry, were you gonna buy one of these? No, I've got plenty at home. Let me guess, first time dad? No, but, new mom, so she's counting on my expertise. How far along is your wife? Four and a half weeks. She's, we're not married. Not yet or just not? That's a good question. I'm sorry, it's a bad question. I shouldn't have been prying like that. No, no, no, it's cool. It's actually really good to hear it out loud. Well, I wish her the best of luck. Either way, um, especially when the morning sickness hits. Trust me, it's hitting already. - Really? - Yes. - That's... - Hey babe. - Hey baby. - Hey. Um I was just talking to... You know what? We never actually introduced ourselves. - Levi Sterling. - Tamara Austin. And this is your fellow mommy to be, Christie- Johnson. Yes. I know who she is. We actually met through my husband Miles. She and Mile have a- Tamara. It's so nice to see you again. Wait, Miles wife? - Small world. - You know Miles? Yeah, we worked at Greater Hope together. Talented guy. The church misses him. Yeah, I'm sure he is missed. Anyway, um, Levi was just telling me about your morning sickness although I was a bit confused, because doesn't that normally start around eight weeks? Are you sure you're only four and a half? Well Tamara, every woman is different. It varies, you know. I guess I just have bad luck. Lucky for you, you have Levi to help you get through it. Miles can be so unreliable, but you already know that, don't you? You know what babe, I think we gotta get going, we're gonna be late. - Right, right, I'll go ahead and pay for these. - Yeah. It was great meeting you. See you around. Right behind you babe. I'll make sure to tell Miles I saw you. - Okay. - The both of you. - I'll be right over, okay? - Okay babe. Seems like a really nice guy. Except for his taste. Tamara, Tamara. What is it that you want? Look at you getting all bent out of shape now that you have something to lose. "Home-wrecker" cuts both ways with you, I see. I have moved on Tamara, I suggest you do the same. He has no clue about you and Miles, does he? He has no idea his girlfriend messed around with a married man. Goodbye Tamara. Is it Miles's? - What? - You heard me. No. Tamara, I am truly very, very happy for you and Miles. I truly am. "Truly am". Look at you, breaking the commandment about lying. I'm sure your pastor daddy is rolling over in his grave right about now. Take care, Tamara. We're gonna get this, too. I bet a lot of you hear "pastor" before my name. And you think you know exactly what I'm going to say. But what you don't know is I used to be you. Holding my anger in blaming everybody else for my condition. And at the same time never letting anybody close. Until one day I asked myself "why are you so angry?" You want to know what the answer was? I was hurt. I was hurt that no one was there for me like I felt like they was supposed to be. And some of you all may be feeling that way today. But the amazing thing is, you've taken the first step. And we're here to help. You see anything that fits? I'm not sure I'm qualified for any of this. Well, you now we have a lot of training programs here, right? Yeah but I don't got for all that. I need something now. Look, what's your story? If you don't mind me asking. I mean I had it good when I was young. But I just didn't appreciate it. So I started runnin' around with the wrong crowd. Hittin' licks on the regular. Until one of my homies got killed. And I went down for it. Trust me man, I wish that was the only thing that weighs on me But for right now... I'm gonna be honest man, I just need some cash. I think I might be able to help. You think this may be something you'd be interested in? For sure. So the cops came in to get everybody and they had they handcuffs on us. Check out your boy. 'Sup? That's a nice chair. Heard you just singing like a little bitch. Nah, it ain't like that young blood. Same rules in the street, same rules they got in here. But don't worry. We gonna handle our business, playboy. What you waitin' for? We can do that right now. See, I ain't like you. You young bucks are suicidal. Always wanna pop off onsite. Ain't got no respect for the game. No respect for your elders. But you gonna learn. You bet your sweet ass on that. Gimme a kiss. Let's go Shawn. Don't worry about him. Kendrick told us what happened. We gonna help you return the favor. See when I kiss him? Yeah, he act like he like it. Roll rat! What are the odds of getting my contract renewed now that I'm in business with a cop killer? Look, a contract is a contract. We partners, remember? A cop is dead! And if the city turns their back on us there won't be a business! No, forget the money man, I want out! You can pretend to be as outraged about what goes down in this city as you want. But at the end of the day... I'm the only thing standing between you and one of Rex's guys putting a gun to your head. We good? - Yeah. - Good. - Alright. - Alright. I got you, man. Just make sure you keep an eye on this. The lab- Dr. Johnson? Keep an eye on it and just let me know, okay? Thank you. Detectives. Hi. Is everything okay? Yes, of course. We just want to see if you remember this? That's me. And... Debra. Do you remember what he two of you were talking about? Looks like you two had words. - You didn't answer me. - It's none of your business. I'll see you after the game. Am I a suspect? No, of course not. It's just that according to that you just might be one of the last people to see her before she was murdered. Now anything you can tell us can be extremely helpful, Christie. To bring Debra's killer to justice. We weren't really friends. Get out of my way. Make me. Don't just touch me you dirty hood rat! Say that again. - I dare you. - You are a dirty... dumb, used up, hood ra- You look angry here. Do you remember why? I, I don't know. I... we barely interacted outside of cheerleading and cordial "hellos". When was the last time you saw her? That night. She was heading back to the church. According to your statement in '98 it says you saw her several times the week before she went missing. Outside of cheerleading. I guess, it, this was a long time ago. But it probably had something to do with my brother EJ. EJ? Yeah, they were dating. I mean, that is until he found out she was cheating on him. Debra Chase was dating EJ? To what do I owe this pleasure? Don't worry. I'm not firing you. Funny. Well, I had to break the tension somehow. Look, we need to come together. "Tension". That's one way of putting it. You went behind my back and ordered a raid on the homes of those fired police officers. Not sure I would qualify that as "coming together". I went through different channels to get the warrants, and yes you are correct. I should have cooperated with your office. And so, I apologize. Look, I admire your vision for Cypress. And I'm sure there are areas of Cypress's police department that require... some reform. But we have designated procedures to handle that. You are making enemies when you could be making friends. It's not areas of reform, it's a systematic shake-up. Officers were stealing the guns from the buy back program. So as county prosecutor, I need your full support and cooperation. I know that standing up to the police isn't politically popular, but it's leadership. It's, it's protecting everyone in our community, including the vast majority of officers who put their lives on the lines to serve and uphold the law. Rebecca, I'm asking you for your help. Have your office send the evidence to me by 5pm and I will draft up the documents to formally prosecute. Done. She just keeps me going. Wait, hang on. Excuse me, I have to take this. One second. Hey baby. Now if you love your family, you'll do as I say. Now I know Jabari has evidence that can free Rex Fisher. I don't know what you mean. Nah, you know exactly what I'm talkin' about. Now your man's good. For now. But if you want him alive bring that evidence to me in one hour. N- no! Wait! Yo! Yo, anybody here? Hello? Hello? Hey detectives. I got something for you on D. D. - D. D.? - Yeah. Dead Debra. She was encrusted with a lot of biological matter but today I found this. What am I looking at? I made a mold of the indentation in her skull. Looks like a prism. You see right here? On the border of the occipital bone. I went through my database of blunt force trauma related instruments and I just have never see this before. This is a very specific instrument. You mean weapon. I'll keep checking my database, but that is what killed D. D. Good work fellas. Don't forget to hydrate. There you go, brother. Thanks, boss. You don't have to call me boss, man. Just Levi. I'm Kendrick. Pastor Greene hooked this up for me. Right, right. Good to have you on board. Thanks, man. It's real cool what you got goin' on around here. You own this house? Yeah. A few, actually. Some of them we rent out, but, this one we're gonna flip. That's where you take a house, make a few fast renovations, dress it up a little bit and sell it quick. Wow. That sound like a get rich quick hustle. I don't know about get rich, but... tyrin' to survive. I ain't much different than you man. I done made my share of mistakes and some. And learned my lesson. We all need second chances. Will you excuse me for a moment, please? Tamara told me what happened at the store. What are you doin' tryin' to provoke her? Woah, woah, woah... provoking her? She came for me. I'm at work. I'm over you Miles. I'm over the whole drama. I think we should tell her. About the baby. Are you crazy? It's only a matter of time Christie. We gotta get ahead of this. Listen to me, Miles. You and your wife are still on thin ice. And Levi and I are still in the early phase of our relationship. If we rock the boat now, we could lose everything. But I'm trying to do the right thing. And you know how hard that is for me when it comes to you. I just don't want to lie to her. Not again. But the lie protects her this time. Not you. Miles, you know I'm right. How's the baby? Sometimes I'm feeling... I gotta get back to work. Well, I'm afraid that's all I know, Mr. Bradley. This gives me a place to start. Well, almost forgot about this. I have this. This is the only thing I kept the day he was born before they... well, please just don't lose it. Of course not. And when I confirm your son's identity, what would you like me to do? Nothing. I haven't decided what I want to do with the information just yet I just need to know. That your son won't be a problem. I get it. These cases are more common than you think. The Mayor wanted me to supervise evidence delivery. - Hope you don't mind. - Not at all. Everything is going to change once the charges - are formally announced. - Of course. The police union is gonna rip into her. Dig out every skeleton, every scandal to discredit and smear her. So I need you to make sure the Mayor's office is prepared. From what I understand, she's not exactly an angel. Yes, Lieutenant, we're prepared. Good. How many guns are we submitting as evidence? All 22. Going full transparency. Hand me that box, please. There's no turning back now. Where are the guns? Call the Mayor. Now! Hey! Josie. Um, I just wanted to know if you knew where um, Jabari was headed after Clarence's today. That fool left his phone at home again. No, that's fine. No, that's fine. Um, I actually just saw him pull up. Thanks Josie. Jabari! - Hello? - You got it? I wanna hear his voice. I wanna know he's okay. Now the faster you do this, the faster you'll get him back. I have what you want. - Good. - Now what? Drop it off on the park bench at the intersection of 5th and Walnut. And if I see anyone else other than you, Jabari is dead. And you have an hour. Come in and close the door. What's wrong? I was expecting the evidence on my desk hours ago. They were stolen. What? Are you sure? Well they sure as hell didn't just disappear into thin air. Well this changes things. This changes nothing. This only underscores my point. - What? - Obviously the cops stole those guns. They're trying to sabotage my case. Do you have proof? Who else has access to that room? And have you ever heard of evidence disappearing the day it was due to be submitted? I need something solid, Ella. My job is to push facts, not theories. I'm gonna need you to take a small leap of faith with me her, okay? You have your prosecutorial discretion I'm not asking you to bend or break the law. You'll have my testimony and Lieutenant Hawkins's. Corruption is happening. Let's be the ones who stop it. Okay. We'll move forward. I know we're going to be tried in the court of public opinion and I just want to make sure we're ahead of the game. So I called a press conference for tomorrow. Good call. Hawkins and I will join you along with the rest of the force that we know we can trust. You can make the announcement to prosecute then. I guess I have work to do then. Thank you. It's my job. Let's just hope you're right. Goodbye. You've been zoning out all morning. I've earned the right to be distracted. What is he doing here? I don't know. Probably just to pay his respects. Once this is over, we are leaving. There will be no mingling, no surprise singing with the choir, none of that. Do we understand each other? Yes Tam, I promise. Have a seat. I really appreciate you being here. It's important to me. I will never understand your fascination with this family. - Baby, please. - Thank you. Fine. Sorry. You want something to drink? Water would be nice. I'm on it. Hold this for me. - Okay. - Alright. You look so handsome. I'll see you in a little bit. Alright. Christie, hey! I didn't see you there. Hey Angela! You've been busy. Yeah. I've been busy playing host, bartender, mover- And yet you've managed to find the time to stick your nose whee it doesn't belong and tell Levi my business. No, that was not, it's not like that at all. I was just - I was just- - Yeah, what is it like? I was just so worries about the Medicaid thing and I reached out to Levi for some advice and I just wanted to- Funny. You didn't tell Levi how involved you were in it. And managed to take pictures of me and Jabari. Now what did you need advice from Levi about? You've lost control. So I wanted to make sure I don't go down with you. Once a ho, always a ho. Only thinking about how to get off. Let me tell you something, Angela. If I go down, I plan on dragging you right along with me. So it's in your best interest to protect me. Okay? Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for coming today to inaugurate the Pastor Evan Johnson Memorial. I've been honored to say a few words about my mentor Pastor Johnson to open the ceremony. Something that you all may not have known about the pastor he was a bit of a fortune teller. He's been known to call the wins and losses of many a Falcon's and Brave's game he predicted all but one presidential election since I've known him, and I swear the man could forecast the rain. He told me at 11 years old and he said, "son... you're gonna marry my daughter." The man was a fortune teller. Christie Johnson, I love you. Will you please spend the rest of your life with me? Yes, Levi. Yes! Next! Hey what's up my man, what's goin' on? - Here you go. - Thank you. Okay, you want to endorse that for me? Okay, cool. - Okay. - Okay. Good. Okay, that's 20, 40, 1 2, 3, 32. That's $43.32. Is that it? That's it. Nah man, there must be some type of mistake. They told me I was going to be making $9 an hour and I worked 12 hours. It's called taxes. Between that and my fee. you're down to $43.32. Man, what type of joke is this, man? Look you got a problem with my fees go open yourself a bank account. Got a problem with your taxes, talk to your congressman. You;re holding up the line. Next. Hey babe. Hey baby. Um, which color do you like? Lavender. - The lavender. - Lavender? Someone is hoping for a girl. I'll be happy as long as the baby's healthy. Well, baby, if you decide that you do want to know the sex of our baby you can always just open this. Lavender. Tam, we gotta talk. We are talking. Can you turn around, please? Okay. I wanna be honest with you about... something. It's about Christie. And her baby. What about them? She says that I'm the father. Tamera, I... Why do you keep doing this to us? It's like you're trying to just sabotage our family. That's why I'm telling you right now. That's why you're telling me? 'Cause I, I want us to deal with this as a family. You always want to say that you're nothing like your father, but you keep doin' the exact same stuff! I'm tryin'. I'm not leavin', I'm here. I can't do it without you, Tam. - Please, it's- - Just leave me alone. Eyes of the nation are watching. Good. Then our position will be clear. Good afternoon. A press event like this is highly unusual, but the circumstances that bring me here are themselves highly unusual. The city of Cypress and Fulton County cannot and will not tolerate corruption. From the smallest of misdemeanors to the most serious of felonies. From all levels of our government and civil servants. Which is why Fulton County is opening an investigation into Mayor Ella Johnson. For the misuse of her office to fire police officers and for fabricating evidence for prosecution. We will not tolerate politically motivated misconduct. Especially when it comes to the brave members of our police force. Eyes of the nation. This is war, and she just fired the first shot. This investigation will look into every aspect of Mayor Johnson's tenure in her civil service and will serve as a warning to every elected official... that no one is above the law. Thank you. Who's that? It's me, OG. We bought ourselves a little window. 15 minutes enough to set him straight? Yeah, that'll work. Help me up. "...man, I just need some cash." "What type of joke is this?" I'm here. Okay, so play it. I wanna hear it. "Bring that evidence to me in one hour." Look, you gonna have to show me that payment, first. Okay. I showed you mine, now show me yours. If it is what you say it is, then my career just got made. "Pastor Evan Johnson... - It was me. - Travis, don't. I couldn't stand the thought of him screwing you right under my nose." My God... Rex Fisher is innocent. There's more. Okay, I'm good. Let's trade. What is wrong? Hey why don't you let me do something for you? - "Next Case." - "You're a free man." What is the problem? Don't tell me you're getting cold feet. You got a problem with my fees, go open yourself a bank account. Got a problem with your taxes, talk to your congressman. Do we have a deal, or not? Yeah, we good. Okay. Give it to me. Hand me that shank. Game over, playboy. Let's go. Jabari! - Baby! - My God! Are you okay, are, is Ja- is Jada okay? We're fine. I sent her to Kim's house, she's fine. Look I don't know what the hell happened. I woke up in some warehouse on the outside of town! No, Jabari. They called me. I'm sorry. What? He said he would kill you if I didn't give it to him. No. He sent me a picture of your gun to your head! What did you- what did you do, Paige? I'm sorry. Paige, what the hell did you do?! I'm sorry! I had no choice, what was I supposed to do? He didn't know about the tape, you could've stalled him, you could have done anything! No, baby, he had a gun to your head! Look at your head! What was I supposed to do? You told me you had this handled! You said you had this all figured out! We have nothing! What was I supposed to do, babe? - Look... - Look, now he'll leave us alone. He'll leave us alone. Babe, my voice is on that tape too. Okay? I told you. I told you that I had this! And now I got the cops gunnin' for me, and now... now I gotta deal with Rex too! That was our only insurance! That was our only protection, what the hell are we gonna do?! I edited your voice out! There's only the Mayor's voice, and her husband voice. We won't be implicated, we're safe! Please baby, please... believe me... please. When Rex get's out, we... nobody's gonna be safe. On the next Saints and Sinners: You may have everyone else fooled, but I know you have bodies buried Ella. The prosecution claims that they have proof that you fraudulently used patient numbers. Jabari's tryin' to steamroll my operation. You and I can help each other out. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 