Saints & Sinners: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Saints & Sinners 
 s2e2 - Tragic Circumstances - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Saints & Sinners (2016–…): Season 2, Episode 2 - Tragic Circumstances - full transcript 
 Past wounds are reopened as a murder investigation resurrects details of another tragedy that shook the town of Cypress decades earlier. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Saints and Sinners: The citizens of Cypress are starting to wonder if we can keep them safe and I don't blame them. - Put em up now! - I didn't do nothing! You call that nothing? It's gonna be a couple changes around here. So you bossin' up now? I'm taking all the risk putting my ass on the line so you can keep running your business. Your services are no longer needed, Officer Cooper. My father is dead cus of you. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Your daddy's downfall ain't my problem. Your police officers are throwing charges at me trying to make em stick. And you expect me to roll over and just take it. Well guess what? Bailiff! Remove Mr. Fisher from my courtroom! You gonna try to take me down? I've got something on you and everybody in this whole damn courtroom! I'm just not sure double crossing Rex was the move. I'm pregnant Miles, and it's yours. It's your body, your life, your choice. Take one immediately. And then take the rest according to the package instructions. I should have killed you instead of your husband 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You killed Evan? I'm gonna expose you for the slut that you are. Hey Levi! There's something burried here. My God! Avi! Avi. Avi! Hey Noah. You caught this case? Yeah. What've we got here? Female. Buried at least 10 years, maybe even more. No noticeable wounds yet. You mean she was buried alive? Heh, that kind of fun comes once I get her on my table. Any ID with the body? Ambitious, I like that. Based on the growth structure of the skull I'd say, late teens, early 20's? Let us know somethin' when you know. You'll be my first call. Thanks, Doc. Deja vu? Don't start. Look, I know that you have a soft spot for the Johnson's, but even you gotta admit something is not right with that family. And the church. Thirteen... Any updates from Carter about my bail? Yeah, he's on it. Stop worrying. Let's take a walk. You got five minutes. Thanks. Yeah. Check it out. All CO's have the same two things in common. Close- mouths... and open hands. Got somethin' for you. Hey, check that out, you gonna need it. I'm worried about you. Don't worry about me. I got a plan. You lead, and I'll follow. I like that. To swift justice, my friend. - And gettin' even. - Yeah. So look here... Man, I ain't got no beef with you, brother. This for pops, fool! The radiographs of the anterior neck structures iliac are not remarkable. Can you speak English? This fracture in the occipital bone indicates a blunt force trauma. Origin is unknown, but it may have been the cause of death. Anything else? She had an appendectomy at 8 years old... when she was 14 she had two impacted wisdom teeth removed. Was she left or right handed? There were bone spurs on her right shoulder from typical overuse, which tells me that she was most likely right handed. Okay, I don't think he knows I was kidding. S.I.D. sent over some lab samples and I took another look. There are trace amounts of phosphorous on the rugs... some shards of glass... How do we identify the body? I've done that. Her name is Debra Chase. I ran her dental records. She was reported missing 1998. The Lieutenant is here to see you. Also, don't forget you have City Counsel Meeting in two hours, and you still have to prep for the budget meeting. We need to talk. Looks like we might have a serious snag with the Fisher case. This weapon was turned into the police gun buy back program over a year ago. Those guns were supposed to be destroyed, right? Right. But this one found it's way into the trunk of Rex's car. There's no way he could've gotten his hands on that gun without inside help. Inside help from who? I don't know. But something's not right. And if we don't act fast, Rex is gonna get away with your husband's murder. Have you told anybody else about this? - No, not yet. - Don't. Until we know how deep this goes... we'll keep it between us. Brought you fellas some lunch. Levi. Thought that I would find you here. Pastor Greene. I needed to clear my head. Greater Hope has taken a lot of hits lately. Yeah. Finding a body at the church is definitely gonna affect my sermon. But God provides. Speaking of providing... It's a pretty motley crew you've got me set up with here Pastor. Yeah, but you're gonna have to look beyond the surface. And we both are in the business of second chances. I guess you're right. If it wasn't for these guys I wouldn't even be able to afford to do this project. It was a blessing that the church members that we lost donated these properties, but they all need a lot of work. What you gonna do when they're complete? Right no, just tryin' to make them livable. After that, I guess, rent 'em, or sell 'em. Whatever's gonna help me get back on my feet. I deserve a second chance, too. That you do. Well look, looks like you're gonna do very well for yourself. Don't forget to tithe. I got you. Ten percent brother. Yeah I know I turned it back right there! That used to be my joint! Yes, indeed! And I got the man, the myth, the legend, Mr. Miles Calloway in the building. - What up homie? - What's happenin' T, glad to be here man. - How you been? - I been good, I can't complain. Where you been? You been gone for so long man, I thought I was gonna throw a search party for that man. Nah, I been gone for a minute man, but I'm glad to be back, for sure. That's good, listen, it gotta feel good to be back. There was so many amazing stories, and the legend of that tour bus with you and Tank. They used to say when they pulled into town one thing was certain, there was gonna be some ladies twerkin'. See now, why you gotta go there Tigg? I'll admit it, I was a bit of a wild boyback in the day. A bit of a wild bo- you was on The Panty Dropper Tour, how could you not be a wild boy, but- I heard you got dropped from that. What happened? See, what had happened was- What had happened was... That was the old me. But then you know, different dude man. I got married, started a family, so the days of sowing my wild oats are kind of in my rearview mirror. And I had to get my spirit right with the Lord, so... I just didn't expect to be gone this long, but like I say, I'm back man. So how's it feel to be back hangin' out with the heathens? Nah, it's not like that, man. Actually, I'm starting brand new night, man. - Okay. - O-over at Monks. So, some old school R&B.; Real music, so I'm excited about it, man. Okay Miles on the comeback! It's gonna be lit! So listen, you know, is Tank gonna be there? You know he's in town. He's comin' tomorrow. He is going to be at the show tomorrow? Yes. He's gonna be at the show tomorrow. Wasn't there a story, I think I remember y'all had beef, or... Nah, nah, see that, that, that got blown out of proportion. Me and Tank never really had beef. That is a good look because guess what? He's on his way to the studio right now he's comin' up here to talk about his tour, so I think you should hang out, we could have a reunion right here on the air. Ladies and gentleman, boys and girls, don't go nowhere. Miles, Tank. Big Tigg doin' big things right here live on the air. Hey, what's going on? - What are you doing? - Are you Dr. Christie Johnson? No, I'm Angela, the church secretary. Serena Bell. Medicaid fraud investigations. When do you expect Dr. Johnson? She usually does rounds at the hospital maybe two or three times a week but I'm not really sure when she'll... Hi, what's going on? Dr. Christie Johnson, I presume? Your clinic is being investigated for fraud. So we are seizing your computers as evidence for our case. Fraud, what are you talking about? I think you know exactly what I'm talking about. This one too. Hey! You can't just come here and take my property. Don't you mean the clinic's property? And, actually... yeah. I can. You know the community depends on this clinic. I think you should have thought about that before, Doc. If I were you, I would find myself a really good attorney. We'll be in touch. Where you goin'? To tie up some loose ends. Hey. How's it goin'? I was actually just gathering that information you called about. Um, these files are a mess. Apparently Pastor Johnson didn't believe in computers. All I was able to find were some invoices from the church building fund from the Pastor Byrd Memorial in '98. Yeah, I was hoping to have more for you. According to this, the memorial was constructed November 30th. Sounds about right. You were here when the memorial was built? Yes. Does the name Debra Chase ring a bell? Debra Cha- no. You used to live in Cypress when you were a kid, right? That's how you two knew each other? Something like that. I, I went to high school here. - Eastside? - Cypress High. Were you a senior '98? Yeah, why? My partner lacks the subtle gene. What she's trying to say is that our victim attended Eastside High. Which was the same time that you were attending high school in Cypress. Are you sayin' I'm a suspect? We're just trying to find out how her body ended up buried at the church. So if you were here, you would've had access to that area prior to the cement being poured, right? I've told you all I know. Do you remember the big Cypress Eastside game of '98? I do. Did anything out of the ordinary happen that night? Yeah. That was the night EJ died. Anything else, detectives? You have my number. If you think of anything, give us a call. No. Lookin' good, lookin' good. Yeah, we should be ready for customers soon. Good news, good news. Everything is critical from this point out. No mistakes, you know? I'm headin' over to see Clarence. You still goin' through with that? Yeah. Got to. That's the most important move to changin' things up. You know? We need legitimate businesses you know, to go to the next level. Or else we no better than Rex. I hope your game is tight, 'cause, it's a $150,000 gamble. - Hey, scared money don't make no money, you know? - Yeah. I want my baby girl growin' up seein' her daddy on billboards not in these damn police bulletins, you know? - I hear that. - Man. Did I come at a bad time? You know, I can- No, no. We were expecting you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right over here. So, I'm still not sure about this. Look, you owe Rex 80 G's. Okay, and with the vig he's charging you, you was never gonna catch up. With me runnin' the business, things are gonna be different. You're gonna make regular payments at this rate. But wait, what if Rex gets out? What's to stop him from shaking me down? Me. Okay, this right here makes us partners. And nobody's shakin' me down. It's a good deal. The same deal we made for the barbershop. You'll own Monks when it's all said and done. Alright. Let me look at it. Jabari, we need to talk. The clinic has been raided. Woah. Woah, woah. I don't know what you're talkin' about. What the hell Jabari, wha- you don't know me now? Ok- What are you doing? What's it look like I'm doing? You come here and tell me that the clinic got raided and you come straight to me? What about trust? I trust myself 100 percent. Other people, not so much. Okay, are you done? What're you doing here? The clinic is being investigated for fraud. Look, A: You said you was a grown ass woman, you could handle your business, right? - Jabari, it's- - No, no, no. Look... You need to keep my name out your mouth. I'm on a different page now. You on your own. Jaba- Okay, okay. We'll get a couple, we'll get a couple. - Miles. - What's up Tank? - What up bro? - What up, man? Man, R&B; on the comeback, the let you tell it. - Yeah. Now look, - All on the radio with Big Tigger. They caught me off balance, had to put a little seasoning on it. - A little seasoning? - Just a little bit. You lied through your teeth. Hey man, can I borrow a little bit of your shine? Just a little bit, please? Bro you are welcome to all the shine you need. Being true to the music is what I admire about you. I miss the art. I miss us just gettin' it in without thinking about bein' commercial or sellin' records, or none of that. That right? Well then... that wouldn't make me a liar if you'd maybe came by tomorrow night? You know, just like back in the day, old school. You know what I'm sayin', all about the songs, all about the music? - All about the music. - All about the music, for real. What do you say? - What the hell. - My guy! Be like old times, right? That's right, thats right. Are you gonna stick around? Nah, I think I've stolen enough of your shine for today. I'ma quite while I'm ahead. Alright? You can carry on. Alright. - You've you've stolen my shine? - Tomorrow night. - You've stolen my shine? - Tomorrow night. See you in the neighborhood. Okay- I thought you were gone. Is Maxwell? My God... You never know when it's gonna be your time. You just never know. You ain't gotta stay here with me. I- I'ma be fine, really, I'ma be fine. Man this place... It sucks the soul out of you if you don't have anybody. Yeah. You got me out of there? Yeah. I got you out of there. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you... Hey... Are you busy? I got a minute. What do you need? I didn't know where to go. About what? Can I trust you? Yes. Medicaid investigators came by this morning and shut the clinic down. All I know is that Pastor Johnson was filing false claims against medicaid and keeping the insurance payments. Are you serious? Does Christie know about this? Yeah, she knew all about it. And she threatened to tell them I was involved if I didn't keep my mouth shut. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait... Christie threatened you? Yes. She said that she would implicate me if I told anybody. Now there's this whole investigation, and... I think I need a lawyer. Why would you need a lawyer if you weren't involved? When I first discovered the PO box for the clinic there was an open letter. I wanted to see if it was something I needed to bring to Christie's attention. But when I did she blew a fuse. I know I should have said something. - I, I should have told you- - Look, look, look Angela, don't get yourself all worked up about it, okay? It's gonna be alright. I'll get to the bottom of it, okay? And there's something else. What's bugging you? I can't believe I didn't catch that our victim went missing the same night EJ was killed. You think the two are connected? Ho, let's not get ahead of ourselves. Seems like a typical teenager. French club... class treasurer... she was even on Homecoming Court. Who would want to hurt a kid like this? Let's run back through it. Okay. She was last seen at the game November 28th, 1998. Cheering before the melee broke out. And we know the concrete that was poured for Pastor Byrd's memorial was the following Monday. I just we could re-canvas for more witnesses. 'Cause I know that there's more people they didn't talk to. I think I know how we can do that. Clarence. Hey. Like this truck. This is my business, man. Alright look, y'all wait outside for me. Close the door. So. Brass tacks. You know, most the men on my payroll have been with me longer than you've been kickin'. And they count on this job to survive. Look, I'm not here to suck the life out of your business like Rex was doin', okay? I'm here to make an investment. And my word my word is my bond. Yeah. Alright. 150,000 to upgrade the trucks. The city needs proof that we have the new trash trucks within 3 weeks from now. So, this investment is right on time. Okay. And I am gonna make sure that that renewal goes through. Alright, partner. - Alright. - Alright. I was so excited to hear that you were coming today. Lady Byrd had me polish all that silver. Now did she? Aww, thank you for such a warm welcome Rowena. Congratulations. I saw you on the news the other day, and I voted for ya. And I never believed what they said about you and that other Mayor. - Rowena? - Yes ma'am? Please put this in the sitting room where there's some sun. Peonies need sun. Ella. Nice to see you. Hello mother. Just in time for tea. Right this way. You got the flowers I sent for Evan's service? Yes, I did. Thank you. Why don't you tell me why you're here, Ella. Well I'm sure you saw by now that I'm the Mayor of Cypress. Yes, I did. It's so unfortunate what happened to the last Mayor. You two were close? Excuse me. More flowers for you, Mrs. Byrd. Thank you Rowena. The Williamson's are so dear to send this over. I still blush at the sight of all these flowers. Can you believe it's the silver anniversary of the Our Girls, Our World Program? 25 years of changing young girls' futures. And just to think, they still remember me. That's because they didn't have to live with you. You watch your mouth at my house. Why mother? No one's listening. Why are you always so obsessed with what people think? You should thank God I care as much as I do. Some choices in life are necessary. Like making me give away my baby? No daughter of mine was going to be a teenage mother with some broke thug. Just stop it! Those are the same reasons you gave me back then. And I listened. Why must we bring this up? I thought we were going to have a nice visit. Because Rex brought it up, mother. And if I never told him that I was pregnant who else could have? Don't you ever get tired of it? Yes. I get so tired of cleaning up your messes, Ella! You know what? I didn't come here to fight. I just want to know. What happened to my baby? You know mother... one day... you're gonna have to forgive me. Hey young blood. - What's up, man? - How you doin'? Right. So um, what you been doin' the last 15 years? I just been readin'. Feed my mind. Studyin' for my appeal. Yeah? Hey look here son. I know I, I ain't been here for you like I should've been. But I swear I never wanted to see you end up in here. I gotta tell you... I was proud of the way you handled yourself in that courtroom. And I thought I'd never hear any praise from you, old man. Yeah well, there you got it. Why did you save me? Man I couldn't bring myself to let you die on my watch. I appreciate you. Hey why don't you let me do something for you. Hey listen, I don't need anything. - I know about your case. - And? And I know about your sorry-ass attorney, too. Now you deserve to be out of here, and I can help you with that. Let me help you. So what, you bigger than the system now? Yeah, I am. So why you still in here? That's gonna change real soon. But I don't see how. Trust me, young blood,. Trust me. Well that'll be somethin' new. Bam! I see you, young blood, holding your own. There he is. Babe. What's wrong? What is this? I, baby, that's, that's... that's not what it looks like. Then what is it like? Are you screwin' Jabari? No! Don't lie to me, Christie! I'm not lying to you Levi. I'm, no. Then what the hell is it? Um... see... we were j- Levi, where are you going?! I can't be with somebody that I can't trust! Baby! I'm not cheating on you, I love you! I'm pregnant. The clinic got raided today for some fraud. Jabari had my dad wrapped up in some medicaid scheme, and when dad died he forced me to keep it going. I didn't know what to do baby, I was scared. I was scared, but I haven't been with anybody since I've been with you, I promise. You have to believe me. - You have to- - Wait. You're pregnant? Baby... I just found out. Le, I love you. So what brings you by today? Um... Little more nervous than I thought I'd be. Spit it out Levi, I have work to do. Okay, um... I wanted to talk to you about Christie. What about Christie? Did Christie tell you about the baby? I'm her mother Levi, of course she told me. Okay. What did she tell you? Everything. I think I'm gonna have a drink. You? No thank you. So... How do you feel about the baby? I'm happy. Really happy. Happy? Of course! That's what I wanted to talk to you about. I swear I think that Pastor predicted this. Um... but now that we're expecting a baby it's starting to seem like everything that's been happening is starting to have a purpose. Just, I wanted to make sure that you're alright with all this. Levi sometimes we try to make meaning out of things that just don't make sense. Evan would hate to hear me say this, but... sometimes, I question God's plan. Mr. Venable, are you prepared this time to present your case? yes your honor, I have- What's Carter doing here? Who do you think you are? I'm you. Except more successful, more intelligent and more prepared. Douglas Carter for the defense your honor. Is this what you requested? - May I approach? - Come up. What are you trying to pull? Mr. Carter you better not be wasting my time. I don't allow shenanigans in my courtroom. Your honor, my investigator reports that the prosecution has lost a key piece of evidence against my client. We have all the evidence we need to convict again. No, you don't. He was convicted based on DNA evidence from a hat found at the scene, and the prosecution's lost it. Is this true, Ms. Jourdan? Not exactly your honor. We have the transcripts from the previous trial. The transcripts are not the same as evidence, your honor. I'm afraid I have to agree with the defense, Ms. Jourdan. Have you anything else to present? Not at this time, your honor. So then what are we doing here? I've heard enough. Step back. Based on lack of evidence from the prosecution, I'm afraid I have no choice but to dismiss this case. The defense requests a dismissal with prejudice, your honor. Granted. Next case. You're a free man. We can't seem to catch a break with this damn case. Thanks for stepping in Rebecca. I'm up. Have you seen Tank? - Babe, I've been looking. He's not here. - Okay. I thought you would be here earlier. - I know, I know... - What took you so long, baby? I was caught up with my sermon. So sorry. But... Alright. Great turnout tonight? Yeah, I think so. For Miles. He been on edge all night, now I'm nervous. Look you have nothing to be nervous about. You look awesome. And you're gonna do great. - Thank you baby. - Come here. How y'all doin'? Alright? Pastor Greene, over here! Hit it. Didn't think you'd make it here on time. I would never miss an opportunity to watch my wife make joyful noise. I know my sister wishes she could be here to take in your lovely wife's voice, too Pastor. how's she doin', by the way? She's great. The Gospel Fest All-Star Choir made her a soloist. Can't wait to see her again. Lock down's in a few minutes, you wanna be here all night? I'm comin'. Peace, old man. Knock, knock! No privacy around here anymore, little mama. We are in this for the long haul. - Are you okay? - Yeah. Okay. Miles! You guys killed it! Everyone was talkin' about it. Tam get home okay? Yes. Pastor Greene just dropped her off. Okay. Tank even show up for a minute? It doesn't matter Miles. You were great. - Thank you. - You're welcome. See you later, babe. - Well, I'm a call- - Woah, woah, woah, woah... Back! You hear me? Take us to the safe, or you die. You hear me?! Miles! - Let's go! - Wait! Don't shoot. - Why they doin' this? Come on! Don't shoot, don't shoot! Guys, go. Gotta go, let's go! Go, go, come on! Go, go, come on! - Don't shoot, man! - M-Miles! - Are you okay? - I'm a yeah, I'm okay. She okay? Yeah, yeah. Get out of here man. Alright. Come on, come on. Rodriguez. I saw that this morning. It wasn't just a robbery. The assailant shot and killed was actually a detective. And guess what he had on him? Another gun from the buy back program. Could this be our inside guy? I know for a fact he wasn't working alone. His name was on the list of dirty cops Maxwell gave us. And Maxwell is dead, so, the next move is on you, madam Mayor. And what do you expect to find in this that we don't already know? The devil is in the details. My ex-wife has always been a meticulous reporter. This news footage she shot was the last place Debra was seen alive. It may even show us who the killer was. But we've already seen the whole tape. Okay? It just seems like a dead end. Let's find out exactly what started the fight. Can we go back? Wait, stop! Zoom in on that. Print that out. "The Lord is the light and my salvation. Whom shall I fear? The stronghold of my life. Of whom shall I be afraid?" Your car is ready. Thank you. Hilary you've become quite an asset. I really appreciate you. As you know.. detective Rodriguez was killed in the line of duty. A memorial in his honor will be held a week from tomorrow. We'll organize a charity for his family and we'll be taking up a collection. Killed in the line of duty? That's bull. That's politics. Now whether we like it or not, a dirty cop killed while staging a robbery is a wrecking ball for a department that's already held together by matchsticks and glue. The Mayor has joined us for a brief comment. Mayor? Well, someone has to be the wrecking ball. Officer Cooper you can stay right here. Along with Officer Greg Jones, Detective John Day, Officer Daniels, Perez, Greyson, and Rodgers. What's going on, commendations? I don't know. I got a bad feeling about this, though. This city is blessed with some fine police officers who do remarkable work. Going beyond the call of duty. Many of these officers have devoted their entire careers to upholding the high standards of this department. These officers who have collectively served on this force for almost a century have not held that standard. In all that time, they have done more harm than good. Received the most complaints from civilians, countless unsolved cases, and have been accused of criminal activity at some point in there career. These officers do not deserve to wear the badge and protect our community. So as of right now, take a good look. Because this is the last time you will see any of them. You all are fired. - You can't- - What? You can't do that! You ain't got the right to do that! You're making enemies when you could be making friends. I think we should tell her about the baby. Are you crazy? We gonna handle our business, playboy. What the hell did you do? You said you had this all figured out! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 