Saints & Sinners: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Saints & Sinners 
 s1e4 - We're in This Together - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Saints & Sinners (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - We're in This Together - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Saints & Sinners: Wait! [gunshots] Were you aware your husband made several large withdraws from your joint account in the weeks leading up to his death? The depisot check for the campaign headquarters bounced. The campaign momey that I had, it's, not available to me. - Are you askin' me for a loan? - 50,000. [camera shutter clicks] But you heard about Blake, right? No, what happened? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Man, he went down in flames last week wit fraud charges. - He's lookin' at 10 years. - 10 years? It's hard to ride the straight and narrow. But you already know about that, don't you? Now things are getting tough again Levi, where you gonna run to this time? I was watchin' you lookin' all sexy on that stage today. [tires screech] We're being raided, okay? We gonna do this or what? [ SIRENS IN THE DISTANCE ] We're waiting for ballistics to match up the bullets retrieved from Pastor Johnson's head with this gun here. Your gun. Now why don't you make it easy on yourself and tell us what happened with the Pastor? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Who? This must be deja vo for you, huh? First the Pastor's son EJ, now the Pastor. The way I heard it, that EJ bullet was meant for you. They never found EJ's killer, right? No evidence ever panned out. Seems weird to me. The one thing that both these cases have in common, is you Jabari. Now I never been a fan of coincidences. You? You might want to tell your busted-ass J-Lo to get her facts straight, St. Charles. You were good friends with Pastor Johnson's son, EJ, right? But the family never really accepted you, did they? Levi seemed to fit right in. But not you. And then the prodigal son returns and he's still number one. You guys are cousins, right? Why did Levi become the golden child with the Johnsons, and not you? Mom skipped out when you was about what, four years old? Pops died of a sudden heart attack when you was 14. No parents, and no one to teach you how to be a man. You think being strapped makes you more of a man Jabari? The only family you ever wanted... still thinks you killed their son. A family who's business is forgiveness, yet they still left you hanging. Let me ask you one thing. Do you think EJ would still be alive right now... if it wasn't for you? I understand your pain. And I know how you feel. I never solved that EJ case and that family has never forgiven me either. Unburden yourself today. Get yourself out of these chains. I forgive you. This is Mr. Morris' attorney. Do you have any evidence to charge my client? We will once ballistics come in. Well unless you have charges from the district attorney, we're walking out right now. Lieutenant... wha-? Let him go. I know he has something to do with this. And we'll know for sure once ballistics come in. You guys better be right. ♪ DOWN LIFT YOUR HANDS GIVE GOD THE PRAISE ♪ ♪ I FELL SO HARD ♪ LOST MY FAITH IN GOD ♪I COULDN'T EVEN PRAY ♪ SO I SAY ♪ WE'RE JUST SINNERS ♪ SAVED BY GRACE [ SIRENS IN THE DISTANCE ] Lieutenant Turner! Lieutenant Turner, I- Turner's no longer here. I'm his replacement, Lieutenant Hawkins. Can I help you with something? I'm councilwoman Ella Johnson. And my husband, God rest his soul, was Pastor Evan Johnson. Oh. Councilwoman Johnson, I'm so sorry for your loss. Please, come in, have a seat. Rest assured we're putting every bit of manpower available into solving your husband's murder. I would have thought that as a professional courtesy from a fellow public servant I would have been informed about the importance of my husband's belongings rather than being called down to this precinct like a regular nobody. To find this. I see. Councilwoman Johnson, unfortunately procedure calls for us to hold onto the money as part of our ongoing investigation. - Procedure? - Yes. And as you pointed out, being a public servant, I'm sure you understand. I'd be very careful Lieutenant Hawkins. People that cross me... tend not to stick around. Yes... I'm well aware you were big in this town. Honey, I am big. The town got smaller. So did this precinct. Small and sloppy. Which is why I was transferred here. And so far my record speaks for itself. I am not impressed. We're doing everything we can. Leaving no stone unturned, which is why we're holding onto the money. Sorry, but my hands are tied. I can see this meeting is a waste of my time. Thank you for coming in and again my condolences. [DRILL WHIRRING] Changing of the guard. It'll be like Pastor Johnson was never ever here. Feels like that, don't it? [DRILL WHIRRING] It's hard to believe in a week... we'll have a new pastor in this office. Yeah, I Know how you feel. It's hard to turn loose. We're gonna miss him. Yeah. Um, when you're not busy... I have a matter I need to bring up with you. I'm free now. What's up? Hold this. Check bounced, huh? Now that Pastor Johnson's not around... things are starting to fall through the cracks. It's not the first time. But I'm hoping with our new Executive Pastor... it'll be the last. Of course. I'll look into it. Yeah. [DRILL WHIRRING] [PHONE CHIRPS] [PHONE CHIRPS] Where are you going? Bye babe. [DOOR OPENING] Where have you been? I've been blowing up your phone all night. Oh you're up. How was your trip babe? I came home early 'cause I wanted to share some good news with you. Oh, okay. Well, lay it on me. How long are we gonna do this Miles? - What do you mean? - You know exactly what I mean. I was out late doing music, you know how I get. Really? Making music Miles, really? - Yeah. - Yeah... I'm so sick of you using music as the reason you're not in the house. Look, you're the one that picked the job where you have to travel nearly every month. So you're the only one allowed to pursue his dreams? My job has been far from a dream these days. You should be more supportive. You used to care more about us than the music. Babe, look, look, look. I-I'm bowing up online. What are you talking about? I'm starting to get calls again. Now it may not mean a lot to you, but it means a lot to me. One hit record, and I get my career back on track. Babe look. I need you, I love you. Damn it Miles, I don't want to be number two in your life forever. It's just... Okay, okay, look. I need you to believe in me, okay babe? Can you do that? Do you love me? I love you. That's my boo. I am going to take a shower. You gonna join me? Yeah. Yeah. I'll be there in a minute. Alright. [WHISTLING] [SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING] [MILES SINGING INDISTINCTLY IN THE SHOWER] [Miles] Babe, you comin' in? Yeah babe, I'll be right there. [Tamara] 553 Sweet Honey Lane. 553 Sweet Honey Lane. [Cornelius] This'll have to stay put until I can get the part we need to fix it. Did you get a chance to look at that matter I brought up? I uh... Angela. - Yeah? - You needed me for something? Yeah uh, Walter Steinberg is in the Pastor's Office for you. Walter Steinberg? He said Pastor Johnson asked him to meet with you. Do you want me to tell him you're not available? No, no. I'll handle it. We'll talk later, Cornelius. Later... always later. What did this Steinberg guy say he wanted? Something about a business opportunity. Look, I know that you're busy but, whenever you get a minute can we chat? You're... paycheck bounced? I don't want to make a big thing of it with everything that's going on, but... I have rent. I appreciate that, and I know you have bills to pay. Just let me meet with this guy, and I'll get everything figured out. I promise. I know you will. Thanks Levi. Mr. Steinberg. Levi Sterling, how can I help you? Well, Mr. Sterling... Levi, please. Thank you, and, my friends call me Walter, please. And this is more about how I can help you and this church, than the other way around. Forgive me, but I don't follow you. Pastor Johnson and I had done business in the past... we were about to engage in a deal that would have been... lucrative for both of us. That is, until his unfortunate demise. May he rest in peace What exactly is it that you want, Mr. Steinberg? A man who doesn't mince words. I like that. I know the Pastor said you were whip smart and one of a kind. And I'm sure being a Wall Street man you can smell out money opportunity from a mile away. And this one's a beauty. You'll make a killing. What makes you think that me or this church needs your financial help? Because you have that same desperate, hungry glean in your eye that the late Pastor had when I mentioned this opportunity. Now... before you dismiss me with your moral mojo... hear me out. [MUFFLED VOICES] It's as simple as that. You already have the resources readily available to you. All you have to do is reach out and grab this opportunity. I'm someone that wants to help you Levi, not hurt you. How many people in your life do you have like that right now? How big of a killing are we talking about? Call me. Seeing you there reminds me of the first day we met. I didn't have any idea what I was getting myself into back then. Of course you did You had ambitions and you went after them. I know what that looks like. Yes well I was very attracted to your drive. Just my drive? How's your campaign going? I heard you had a little trouble opening your headquarter doors on time. Are you keeping tabs on me? It's nothing personal, you know that. But it's an entirely different ballgame than being First Lady of the church everybody is watching everything all the time. Things can turn in to more than just gossip. What aren't you telling me, Ellen? So... you are watching me. The police are watching Rex. While looking for leads on your husband's murder. Right from the beginning I have been on them to solve this case. They report to me every day. So you can imagine my surprise when they brought those to me. So did they report to you... that they're holding my money hostage? What money? So, I guess they don't report everything to you. Evan wiped out my campaign fund right before he was killed. That's why I had to come to you before announcement for time to-to straighten things out. He had the money on him when he was killed. They returned all of his belongings to me except the money. If they had returned that money, when I asked... then I wouldn't have needed to involve someone like Rex. But if the money belonged to you it has no bearing on the investigation. Tell that to your Lieutenant Hawkins. I wasn't gonna beg for my own money. Which is why I had to move aside. And I wasn't gonna let their ignorance ruin my campaign. So Rex was your first choice? No. But he turned out to be my only option. You leave it up to me. I'll keep you in that campaign. You'll win that office. Hell halth no fury. [SOFT MUSIC PLAYING] [MUSIC SHUTS OFF] [PHONE CHIMES] [DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING] [overlapping voices] I'm in a real bind... Why can't you come to my birthday party? You have that same desperate, hungry gleam in your eye the late pastor had... - He's looking at 10 years. - You can't slick talk your way out of this one Wall Street. [Christie] Okay, I have a few minutes before my next patient what's going on? Are you okay? Now that you mention it, I feel a bit... light headed. Let me check your blood pressure. Take a deep breath. Unbutton your shirt. What? Don't flatter yourself, I was just going to check your heart rate. Christie... did your dad ever talk to you about Church business? Sometimes, why? 'Cause just about every member of the church staff's checks bounced this pay period. What? How... can that be? Exactly. I've been fighting my way through the Church book keeping and... a few things popped up that I can't explain. Like what? Well a lot of the accounts aren't balanced. The books say one amount, and... the accounts themselves, they're relatively empty. Now I've seen that type of book keeping, but, I didn't expect to see it at the church. What does that mean? That doesn't mean anything Christie, I'm just saying I... I'm trying to figure out your father's system before the Church Board burns me at the stake. I just... wondered if you knew anything about his... methods. You'd have to talk to my mother about that. The Church really isn't in my wheelhouse. I didn't mean it like that. I would try to avoid the church staff before you speak with my mom. That's probably a good idea. Alrighty, well then... you're all set. I have patients waiting. Thank you. [SCREAMING AND SOBBING] Ballistics came in. I thought we had it. Can you believe, hold up, these dumb asses really they thought they had me. Don't celebrate too soon, young blood. And we still got work to do. On what? Everything is shut down. Now you know damn well the hustle never sleeps. Now, our money is tight 'cause we had to shut our shop down. But there's still one debt that ain't been paid yet. But it's gonna be paid, you can believe that. Oh yeah? You gonna shake down a dead Pastor? See, this ain't got nothin' to do with the Pastor. This is about his little Golden Boy that's runnin' the church. That's what this is about. That's my family. You know, Levi ain't got nothin' to do with this. No Levi's got everything in the world to do with this. Little wannabe Gordon Gecko was using the Pastor's money for insider trading and got caught, am I right? Yeah, but, that-that's the sort of thing- Listen, listen to me man. The Pastor's money drained out just like mine. So how is that not Levi's fault? Look, come on Rex. Look, man... There's gotta be another way. I mean you not goin' soft on me, are you Bari? Nah, man. Me? Well it's soundin' like that though. Look, we agreed that we was gonna lay low, right? You know the cops is lookin' for both of us, and... look, drawin' more attention just don't make no sense. None. Alright. We gonna do it your way. But for your cousin's sake, it better work. Because if he don't deliver... You can tell him Rex is comin'. - Hey boss, do you have a minute? - Yep. Okay, I know we talked about rent and everything like that, but... [ALL TALKING OVER EACH OTHER] Woah, woah, woah, what is all of this? Come on Levi. Don't act like you don't know. Okay look, everybody. I understand that there are problems that need to be addressed. [All] That's right. - We need to be patient. - No, no. Now we need to get paid. [All] Yes, yes we do. Everybody who runs this church messes up the money. Now this is the last time. [all agreeing] And we tolerated it when it came to Pastor's foolishness... But we're not gonna take it from you. Look guys, you know I can't run this church without you. Exactly! If we're so important, treat us like it! That's right. We deserve respect. Cornelius you know better than anybody this church was in money trouble when I got the job. You can't slick talk your way out of this one Wall Street. Figure it out. Or find yourself another church staff. You got 'til tomorrow. [all] That's right! Come on. [ALL MURMURING] [PHONE RINGING] [Lady Ella] Wayne... type that up for me. Ladies... thank you for volunteering. Councilwoman Johnson? Oh. Lieutenant Hawkins. So you have news about my husband's case? Not exactly. May we have a moment? On behalf of the Cypress Police Force, I personally apologize for our tactless behavior during your time of grief. To rectify our ineptitude... we are returning the $25,000 that was found in your late husband's car. Anything else? Our Police Union... will also be... endorsing your candidacy for Mayor. Well. Thank you for coming to your senses. I look forward to us working more closely together after I win the election. I'm busy Levi. What do you need? - Answers. - Excuse me? Look... we don't need a new leader for the church, we need a miracle. We can't even afford to pay the staff. Evan always figured a way out. I'm sure you will too. That's why he chose you. Lady Ella, I'm lost. I don't know what to do. Pastor had a saying... what gets lost in the shadows... will be found in the light. You've been lost for a long time. Perhaps reading the good book will help you find clarity. [KNOCKING] Caramel macadamia nut cheesecake... your fave. Oh, so you think you can stop by here for dessert before you go home? You know I can't eat that. Well not usually, but... on your cheat day... I think I've had enough cheats. Did you um... get enough Levi, too? What are you talking about? I saw you coming out of the exam room. What if I did? Why should I let you have all the fun? I love you Christie, does that mean anything? It's not enough Miles. I want more. You knew what you were gettin' into. And now I know what I'm getting out of. Bye Miles. Christie... Wait, Christie! Christie! I said I love you Christie! Christie! [KNOCKING] Go away Miles! [KNOCKING CONTINUES] What?! I was dropping these off to the Harris family next door. So you heard? Honey, the whole neighborhood heard. Fine, I'll start. What the hell were you thinking? I don't know... Oh, wasn't thinking, were you? The thick of my campaign, all eyes on me... and then you pull this mess? A mess? That's what I am to you. - A liability? - Oh don't use that tone. I raised you to be a strong Christian woman. You raised me to be weak! Ever since Ej died you and dad have always been down my back. You swaddled me, you smothered me, you wouldn't let me live! What is this honestly about, huh? Are you trying to sink my campaign? Enough with the campaign! I don't care about it! So what do you care about? Sleeping with married men? Becoming a homewrecker? I also became a doctor like dad wanted. I stayed in town like you wanted. I ran the clinic, the church committees, what else do you want? Christie... I'm just tryin' to help. You don't help mom. You only hurt. Everything you touch gets ruined, including me. What the? [Miles] Tam! My studio? How am I supposed to make music now, huh? How am I supposed to get my career back?! Nobody-nobody gives a damn about your career! I need you to move out of my way, okay? What the hell has gotten into you? Don't act like I'm the one that's gone crazy, okay? You know exactly what- I didn't do anything! - You didn't do anything? - No! You did her! - You did that doctor bitch! Yes, I know everything. - Tam, it's not what you think. - It's not what I think? - No, it's not what you think! What is it, 'cause you spent all night at her house! She was just helping me with some lyrics. That's all, Tam! At least be a man about it and tell the truth, alright? Alright? Admit that you are a lying, cheating bastard, go ahead, say it! Hmm? Come on, say it! It was just a fling. It didn't mean anything. I still love you Tam, I still love you. - I knew it. - Please... And you let me sit here and think it was me this whole time. - I'm gonna make it right. - You can't! It's too late for that! I'm not giving up on us! There is-Listen, listen there is no more us. There is 'I can't do this anymore'. I have to start making better decisions, and staying with you is not one of them. Damn it Tam, don't talk like that, don't say that! Back up off me, I can't, I can't-I can- I can make it right. Here. What is this? [Tamara] The good news I had to share with you. Keep it, keep it, 'cause you know what? That's the last time you'll be seeing it, or me for that matter. - Tamara don't you, Tamara, please- - Move Miles, move! Tamara please, you can't just leave us! Tam! [BIBLE THUDS ON THE GROUND] [Levi] So this is what you were working on. It's time. I know what you're going to say. Levi, you were put in charge you're the money guy what are you going to do? I'm not doing anything. But we, on the other hand... This... is Greater Hope. Except twice as tall five times as wide, with ten times more capacity. Pastor Johnson wanted this for us. He probably died for it, too. Now his fault wasn't in daring to dream... it was in daring to dream alone. Pastor Johnson's vision does not have to just be a dream. It may be tough. We may have to forgo a few checks... or sacrifice some personal pleasures, but... in the end, with hard work and faith and togetherness... we can bring these people in this church we can save more souls than we ever thought imaginable. So I ask you... What are we going to do? Let the church, our family, be buried under its own weight? Or are we going to stand together on it? [SORROWFUL MUSIC PLAYING] Feel like I'm letting you down, Pastor. What would you do? [SOFT HOPEFUL MUSIC PLAYS] Use this to pay the staff and the church bills. That should hold everyone off for awhile until we... figure this out. We? Like you said... we're in this together. - Thank you for your time, ma'am. - Yeah, have a good- day. So what's next? Continue on to Sycamore, or move on to Chestnut? We already did Chestnut. We've already done this whole neighborhood. People are more tight lipped than the Secret Service. Someone will be willing to talk. Yeah, it's been weeks. Why hasn't anybody come forward already? There could be several reasons for that. Well none of which two cops showing up on a doorstep is gonna change. Look, I know Lieutenant's blowing smoke but we gotta face the facts. This case has gone cold. You're right. I am? Yep. And being so, I'm gonna let you be the one to tell the Lieutenant. I'm finishing Sycamore. Noah... Look, I get it, you're frustrated. But pounding the pavement is our job. You wanna half-ass something, you go bag groceries at the mini-mart. But we're in a line of work where they're real people, and real families. Looking for real answers to who killed their son. I, ah... Are you gonna finally tell me what happened in the EJ case? What's there to tell? Seemed like an open and shut drive-by. You establish where and what went down. But Jabari told us something... He had had an altercation before the drive-by. Would never tell us with who. But he blamed himself. Thought we finally had something going with him 'til Rex Fisher showed up. Told him to shut his mouth, and he walked the kid right out the precinct. That was the end of our first and only lead. I let that family down once by quitting, I will not do it again. Neither am I. [Miss Jenny singing] ♪ Nickel dime quarter penny hey! ♪ ♪ Nickel dime quarter penny ho! ♪ Help the homeless. Help the homeless now. Someone give you that phone? That's a generous donation. Please, the way these church folk been stingy lately? I found this on my own. You found it, huh? Yeah. Right in that dumpster the night Pastor Johnson was murdered. Can I see that a second? Just... Is that dried blood? Didn't that kid Taj... claim that Pastor Johnson was on the phone when he saw him right before he was killed? Yeah but we pulled the logs and there wasn't any recent calls. You think he was using that as a burner? The dots connect. Pastor with a burner. What for? Did you see who threw this away? No, but I saw their car. [UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING] Hey. What's up, man? Sorry I'm late. You've been holdin' out. This place is cool. Oh yeah, oh yeah. Actually the owner used to play piano in New Orleans. Rex actually helped him get set up here. So this is Rex's place? In this neighborhood, what ain't Rex's place? Anyway... To family. Your beautiful wife and daughter... to you livin' the life I always thought I'd be living. Glad one of us get to enjoy it. Thank you. Thank you, but uh, everything ain't all roses on this end of the hood Cops picked me up the other night. What'd you do this time? Nothin' that they know about. But um... They tryin' to pin the Pastor's murder on me. He would love that. Pastor always had it out for you. Yeah, right? I mean you and knucklehead go get in trouble... But I get the blame. That man always hated me for no reason. I wouldn't say for no reason. You never did name EJ's killer. Even to this day, a lot of us didn't understand why. Yeah, but um... you'll learn, church boy. Everything out here ain't always black and white. Speaking of which... Rex? [Jabari] Yeah. Pastor owed him some money? Yeah they had a deal that Rex would get a share of the church's bottom line. That's how far you're behind. Damn. Look, since you're in charge now... Pastor's debt... is your debt. Hey man, Rex is just gonna have to wait in line. Bein' broke was the whole reason I moved back to Cypress. What about the church? What about it? We can barely pay our staff. Unless Rex if takin' faith and prayers for payment, we don't have the money. That ain't gonna work, cuz. I done seen him cripple people for less than what you owe. You're gonna have to figure somethin' out. But it's nothing to figure out. We don't have the money, I'm tryin' to tell you. Yo look, I'm tellin' you, that you better get it. By any means necessary. Whatever you gotta do. Whatever. [inaudible] On the next Saints and Sinners: Does this guy look familiar to you? I need to know that I can trust you with what I'm about to say next. Now you will do what I tell you to do. Money and blood don't mix. I'm not doin' ten years for this. We got some unfinished business, man. ♪ We're just sinners saved by grace♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 