Saints & Sinners: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Saints & Sinners 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Saints & Sinners (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Two shots to the back of the head. - Who was he? - Evan Johnson. Pastor Evan Johnson? [SOBBING] Daddy's gone! - Why are you here? Why are you here!? - Hey, hey, hey, hey! [Hawkins] Now why would a Pastor need that much cash? And why would a killer leave it behind? And I'm afraid that there's nobody in my family left who could lead this church. [Levi] Well what about Christie? Oh she's not ready for this. She never will be. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You've been here five minutes, and all of a sudden, you're the man. Who says I'm the man? You're taking over the church. I handle the money here, Miles. You mean mishandle the money. You better back off that. What's up with that? This my baby. I'm never givin' that up. Ever. [Christie] You okay, mama? [Lady Ella] No. I don't want to let him go. What's up with the snitch? It's handled. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [MUFFLED YELLING] [Vernon] Please... No... No... No! Unless you tellin' us what we wanna hear... not a damn word should be comin' out your mouth! Why we wastin' our time? Rex don't care 'bout this snitch. Let's dump this chump and get on with it. I'ma dump yo ass if you don't shut the hell up. Alright now I told you, we can't kill him until we find out what he told the cops. That's it. You worry too much. Who cares what this punk is squealin'? We untouchable, baby! Isn't that right, Vernon? You gotta believe me. I didn't tell them anything that they don't already know. One shot. And we can call it a day. You can make it back to Cypress with plenty enough time to tuck in your daughter. Just gimme the word. So you and him go way back, huh? He used to cut my pop's hair. What's it to you? Nothin'. Just tryin' to figure out why you stallin'. Remember Bari, I knew your father. You too. I would never do anything- You happy? [CELL PHONE VIBRATES] Rex? Yeah he wants one of us to go to Monk's. Thinks the owner's tryin' to stiff us. You go. And leave you here alone? I got this man, I say you go. That's an order. We got a problem. I thought we had a deal, Bari. We did. Jabari, he ain't- [GUNSHOTS] Never-mind. It's handled. ♪ DOWN LIFT YOUR HANDS GIVE GOD THE PRAISE ♪ ♪ I FELL SO HARD ♪ LOST MY FAITH IN GOD ♪ I COULDN'T EVEN PRAY ♪ SO I SAY ♪ WE'RE JUST SINNERS ♪ SAVED BY GRACE You okay? You look homeless sleeping in your car. [ANGELA LAUGHING] I wasn't sleeping. Okay, you wasn't sleeping. Is there something you need, Angela? Actually, there's a lot going on. Like what? Well there's been some talk abut erecting a permanent memorial for Pastor Johnson here on church property. Sounds good. What areas are we looking at? Lady Ella would need to chime in on that. And since you're the Executive Pastor... I'm the one elected to go talk to her about it. Which is why you're the perfect one to talk to her. Nicely played. Anything else? Well, some people have been talking about canceling the annual block party. Now why would they want to do that? [Angela] Cornelius has been on me about the check... [Levi] For the plumbing, right, I know. Is that all? And there's one other thing. [Mother Harris] Y'all gonna have to do what I say. Just do what I tell you, don't think about, just do what I say! Why can't you just do what I say? [Deacon Smith] Ma, ma! There is no need to look any further... than Reverend Elis Brown. I've never even heard of him! He's from Shreveport. No! Reverend Adamson... is what we've been lookin' for. And bring us some good old fashioned ministry! [Levi] Excuse me. Good morning brothers and sisters. Excuse me for a second brothers and sisters, good morning. What is going on? Well it's 4 days before church and we have no Pastor. But, don't worry about it baby. The church board always handles these things. Look, let's start from the beginning. Do we have any candidates in mind? We all have our picks, Levi. Great Miles, then let's vote. That's what we've been doin' all this time man, we tryin' to take a vote. Then what's the problem? Well the problem is that the decision has to be unanimous amongst the board and we keep votin' and votin' and no one will budge. So what's the next move, Executive Pastor? Hmm? Pastor Johnson was serious. He's got sermon notes in the margins, highlighted passages... I bet he didn't let a day go by without writing in his bible. I never understood the church crowd. See, you're struggling because it's about faith, not facts. Okay... Most people really want to be good. Even the Devil was an angel at one point. And blind faith is a ridiculous notion. How can you believe in something you can never see? That's a debate that's been goin' on since Darwin. What do you think turned him? Darwin? No, the devil. You said he was an angel. What turned him? Same thing that still turns men today. Absolute power. And money. I have his financial records. Huh. Let's see. How can someone make this much... talking in front of people one day a week? Hmm, welcome to religion. Woah. That's a big deposit. Look, a 22 thousand dollar deposit on the second... and then six days later, a 22 thousand dollar withdraw? Look, there it is again. A deposit for 25,000 on the eleventh... and then a withdraw for the same amount a week later? What was up with this Pastor? I don't know, but we better find out because I don't have a good feeling about this. Yeah well his wife is on the accounts too. We should go talk to her. [DJ] Oh gurl, honey! You lost so much weight ont hat grief diet. And how you holdin' up? As well as could be expected. You know, just trying to keep on keeping on. Hey, leave me a little breathing room. Grief doesn't last forever. I know that's right, but wait a minute sweetheart you gotta stay still. I gotta get these measurements right, 'cause if I don't you'll have to wear two spanx again like you did last time. Ooh Lord, you really worked your magic that night, DJ. [Rachel] Excuse me, Ella? I wanted to run through some points with you regarding tomorrow's announcement. Yes, what is it Rachel? Press for Mayor Clayborne's announcement of her run for the State Senate starts at 6pm sharp. And directly following, she'll be endorsing you as her successor. Ooh! You should wear that emerald green dress. - Oh I love that one! Tell me when I wore it last. - Let me check honey. Anyway, we'll be bringing in security to trail you. Oh, is that uh, really necessary? It really is. Trust me. We can't take any chances. I mean, honey you're part of the 'in' crowd now honey. Let's protect you. Yeah. Okay, fine. If it's good enough for Michelle. Okay. We'll be moving into the campaign office this afternoon and I've just about finalized the staff hires. Why do I need a staff if I have you? I thought you told me you were the best. And I am. But once you're officially on the ballot, things will start moving at warp speed. I'll need a support staff to make sure that things continue to run smoothly. I mean, these positions were listed in the budget breakdown I gave you. Here, let me pull up a copy of that budget for you. The start up cash we've been using from your personal account I mean it's plenty to fund things for now, but it won't last long. So we definitely need to start aggressively fundraising. Also the poll testing came back, and they prefer you in dresses over pant suits. And you didn't test well in brown or green... but, they loved you in black, red, and ivory. Also, I'm meeting with the treasurer candidate this afternoon. And we also have a stylist coming in. Here it is. A stylist? Are you okay? Hold up little sister. Ms. Ella, did you hear what she just said? Rachel, honey, if there's one thing I know how to handle, it's my look. 23 pageants and sixteen crowns say so. - And DJ's been my stylist for years. - Mm-hmm. Yes, but this isn't a pageant, Ella. Everyday people need to be able to relate to you. And not everyone can relate to the flamboyant- Bright colors that are currently in your wardrobe. Plus you can't show up to a soup kitchen in head-to-toe Chanel. Oh, actually that's Jenna the stylist right now. I'm going to run and get her. Are you gonna let her keep coming for me like that? DJ... Honey, you know I love you. And I want to be with you always but, my life is changing. And the decisions I make from here on out, well they're gonna affect more than just the church. I know, but you're more than a client to me. You're like my family. Now you know, okay, nobody named Jenna... dress me for the Annual Atlanta Cotillion like you can. This is a campaign move, boo. Not a friend move. Excuse me, Ella. This is Jenna, the stylist. [DJ] Humph! Bye Felicia. He'll be okay. I mean, this is why you hired me. I take care of all the dirty stuff while you smile, wave, and hit them with all your campaign points. Speaking of dirty stuff... you need to stay out of the social scene for a while. And why would I do that? Out of respect of the death of your husband. Do you know what's even better than having the poor... lower middle class and Christian vote? The sympathy vote. I like your style. I'll confirm this weeks press. Now all you have to do is show them that you are tough, caring, smart, and that you bring hope. That's how you'll win. Rachel honey, I was born to win. [Christie] We've got to stop meeting like this. Should I get my gloves ready for round 2? No. I come in peace. Mm hmm, that's what they all say. No, honestly, I'm sorry. [CLEARS THROAT] Say what? Okay, I deserve that. But this is a place of forgiveness, right? And anyways, you needed that kick in the pants. Maybe you're right. So I heard you had your hands full with the church board this morning. Yeah, too many cooks in the kitchen. I was actually sitting here wonderin' what would Pastor do. Well, I think he would pray about it. Did that. I think he would consult the church bylaws. Bylaws? Really? Uh huh, my grandfather wrote it when he started this church. He was super organized for situations like this. Now they might be a little outdated... but at least it'll give us some guideline. Okay, right here. When there are no direct minister heirs of the existing pastor, it says we are to form a Pastor Selection Committee. And that we are to allow each of the selected pastors to address the committee with a sermon. And then in an act of unification, the committee must engage in a 24 hour fast before voting in a new pastor. Your granddad was trippin'. How are we supposed to convince all these black folks not to eat anything for 24 hours? I'm gonna look through this book and find something else. You have to convince them Levi. You're the Executive Pastor. Uh uh. You're the first daughter of this church, they'll let you live. Now you know that's a lie. Come on, be real Levi. If we're going to find a pastor by Sunday, we have to form this committee asap. And how do you suggest we do that? [Mother Harris] I hope I'm not interrupting anything. [Detective Alvarez] Mrs. Johnson? Detectives. So do you have any new information about my husband? I was hoping you had some information for us. Are you aware your husband made several large withdraws from your joint account in the weeks leading up to his death? Yes. You have any idea what it was for? No, but I'm sure he had his reasons. How could you not know? I know we've had our differences... but I'm sure you want to help us find your husband's murderer? So this is how you do it? Bullying the victim's family? No wonder you never solved my son's case. You should know how to do this by now. So unless you have anything productive to tell me about the investigation... I have an appointment to keep. - Anything? - Nothin'. Well I just got some more bad news. That was Rodriguez. - His CI is missing. - What? Oh! Brother Miles! Come check this out. The video of the funeral performance is blowing up everywhere. I just posted it on the church's Facebook page. It's really nice that things are picking up for you. This could be your comeback. [Christie] I'll be in there shortly. - Okay. - Thank you. How's everything going? Well, we got, Mother Harris is pulling together the Pastor Selection Committee. Deacon Smith is handling the reverend trials, so... All that's left now is the counting of the votes. Oh yeah, that's a big one. And I think the Executive Pastor and his assistant should be in charge of that. Angela? Really? No. You. - Me? - Yeah. I never would have figured all this out without you. Hmm. Can I at least be executive assistant? So competitive. Yes, you can be Executive Assistant. Oh, um... I wanted to ask you... I came across a deposit slip for an account I have no record of. Do you think this could've been for the clinic? No, that's not our bank. What is it? I don't know. Possibly nothing. It's just that there have been a few... Accounting discrepancies. Only a few? You're lucky. Come on, you knew my dad. He was a great man, but an accountant he was not. If he was near money, it got 'reinvested'. And your mom knew? I guess. I try to stay out of it, but sometimes it paid off. I put some money in an investment property in Texas that made a pretty good return. Wow. You're movin' on up already Miss Executive Assistant. Hey, when are the reverends speaking? Tomorrow evening. And then Saturday I need you there to help me count the votes. - You don't trust the board? - No. It's nice to see you laugh again. It meant a lot to me that you stayed for dad. I know I complain, but... it's good to be home. [CELL PHONE VIBRATES] Hello? Ella, I've been trying to reach you. What is it Rachel? We have a serious problem. What now? The deposit check for the campaign headquarters bounced. And the leasing agent won't let me in. I don't need to hear this right now Rachel. [Rachel] No, no, no. It gets worse. I thought it was a simple clerical error, so I checked the personal account... it's completely empty Ella. What happened to all the campaign money? [Rachel] Ella, did you hear me? We have no campaign funds. Without funds, your campaign is dead in the water. We have to drop out. [SIGHS] [Miles] Alright, let's see what you got man. Remember, emotion, not anger. I got you, I got you. Uh, uh... [VOCALIZING OFF KEY] ♪ And you-ho-hooo-ho-ho... ♪ ♪ were sleepin' with my brother, you were sleepin' with my brother... ♪ ♪ Sleepin' with my brother you were sleepin' with my brother. ♪ ♪ Heeeeeh-hey [DISCORDANT VOCALIZING CONTINUES, PHONE RINGS] Uh, that's it, take-take a sec. [SINGING] ♪ All I wanna do is love you... ♪ D? Yo Miles, this is your boy. I'm in town, can we talk? Uh yeah, yeah man, I'm uh... I'm not doin' nothin'. Listen dude, I see you blowin' up online, for real. That's what's up. Look, I got room for one more track on my album. I need you to produce it dude, just like we used to do back in the day. But I need it quick, you in? Yeah, I-I'm all the way in, mos def. - Aight, let's get it. - That's what's up. [BAD SINGING] ♪ And you really want a brotha... ♪ Huh. [SINGING CONTINUES] ♪ I say yeah-hah-hah-hah! ♪ [Lady Ella] Yes. Well, thank you. And, thank you for your time. [DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING] Good day to you Mrs. Hubert, and how's Mr. Hubert feeling? Well I heard he recently had the flu. It sure is. Yes indeed. Well I wanted to thank you again for being such wonderful supporters and, and... as you know, loyalty is so hard to find. Well, I was hoping that you'd be willing to dig a little deeper and, and make another small contribution towards... I do. Oh no, no, no, no. I truly, do understand. Well, if things change... Okay. Bye for now. [Rachel] Are you ready? [CHUCKLING] What's going on boss? Let me get... Come on now. All these years son, you know I know whatchu gonna order. Be ready in 5 minutes. Yes Sir. [TV REPORTER] Good evening and welcome to Channel 7 news bringing you all the breaking news. Hey Smokey, you mind turning this TV up please? [Smokey] You know where the remote is! [TV REPORTER] Let's check in with Samantha Pearson live downtown for all the details. [Samantha Pearson] It's official city council woman Ella Johnson Has announced her plans to run for Mayor of Cypress and has the support and endorsement of encumbent Mayor Pamela Clairborne [Rex] Young Levi. Come holla at me for a second. [Rex] Listen, um, I'm... sorry to hear about the Pastor. You know, uh... Me and Big E went back a long ways. Long ways. But you now it's always nice to have a... hometown to come back to. Where folks don't judge more than they forgive. You know what I'm sayin'? You can take it from me. It's hard to ride the straight and narrow all the time. But you know all about that, don't you? Didn't you have a little bit of trouble up there on Wall Street? Insider trading? I know you don't think that you and I run in the same circles right now... But we will. You understand? [PHONE CHIMES] Gimme a second. [LAUGHING] Everybody in this town... does business with Rex Fisher. You understand? I gotta roll. I'm surprised you remembered this was our spot. That was a long time ago. What do you want, Ella? Now I know this is not some moment of emotional weakness. You don't have those. Now you asked me to back off and I did. Do you know who did it? If I hear anything, I'll let you know. Is there anything else, Lady Ella? Well um... It seems that... the campaign money that I had set aside is um... well it's... not available to me. At this time. Is that so? [LAUGHING] Lady Ella Johnson, are you asking me for a loan? I'll pay you back when the life insurance comes. So what is so funny about this? Your husband... The almighty Pastor Johnson... was a ticking clock. And now you come to me with your hands out, too. Mm, mm, mm. How much? Fifty thousand. It's done. But when you pay me back... make sure you add in the 50,000 that your husband owes me. Yeah. And to me... you'll always be Ella Maye Byrd... Homecoming Queen. [REX LAUGHING] [Deacon Smith] Good evening brothers and sisters. [All] Good evening. You know it's hard to believe that our brother, Pastor Johnson is not here with us today... but in his final resting place with the Lord. Now we must continue his work. We must once again be the beacon for our community. Amen? [All] Amen. I'm proud to serve as your deacon... and now we must fulfill the task... of choosing a new pastor to lead us. Welcome brothers and sisters. Today we pray... We're all God's... children. And as God's children... And it is with his grace... we give thanks... for the wisdom he bestows upon us. We thank him for his understanding. and... forgiveness. For we are all sinners. And... we must all repent for our evil ways. [Reverend yelling] I don't think y'all heard me. We are the beacon of light! We are the stars in the night sky! For the Lord is in us. Can I get an amen? I said can I, get a amen? Where is the last reverend? He's running a little late. Reverend Greene? Reverend Greene? Yes? I need you to go up. - Okay. - Thank you. [WHISPERING] Ah, many of you will uh, remember Reverend Greene from ah, Pastor Johnson's funeral. He'd like to say a few words. Reverend Greene? Thank you, brother. - Good evening. - Good evening. You all may not know this, but... this is your opportunity to give thanks to Pastor Johnson and Lady Ella. Amen. [All] Amen. I live in Los Angeles but... here... is where I spent my summers. When Pastor Johnson took over this church I was a very, very impressionable young man. As a matter of fact, in a lot of ways I was lost, you guys. But Pastor Johnson was always there and he always made this place a place where I could come and get that love. And guidance. See even after he suffered his own loss he always made us feel like he was available. He also taught me that I'm on my own, personal journey. And today... we are commissioned to assist this church on it's journey. And like us... this church has a soul. If you all would just be patient with us... just give us a little bit more time while we wait on the final guest reverend to speak. Amen? [all] Amen. Amen, church. [APPLAUSE [UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING] [INAUDIBLE TALKING] You crazy, how's work goin' brother? Oh you know, work is work man. Yeah. How you doin'? You want next? No, we're lookin' for Vernon. Oh... so I guess my chair not good enough for you? No, we just... got business with him. Need to talk to him. You know where he is? Umm... Yeah, he's outta town, matter of fact. Is there something I can help you with? Why don't you just tell him to call me at the precinct when he gets back. Mr. Morris. Can we have a word? St. Charles. Is that a new tie? It suits you. But I gotta admit, uh, I miss your suspenders phase. Thanks, me too. My new partner, Detective Alvarez. Alvarez... Cubana? Puerto Rican. That was my next guess. So what can I do for you, Detectives? Well we'd just like to have a friendly little chat. We heard you were on the court the night Pastor Johnson died. Need to ask you some questions. Yeah well, if you wanna chat... call this number. You should bring back the suspenders again. They worked for you. He was quick to lawyer up. What's he hiding? He works for Rex and he's a smart guy. Yeah, he's also involved. I can feel it. He was at the basketball game with a dozen witnesses. He coulda had one of his guys take care of it. It's the perfect alibi. Well the only way we're going to get him to talk is... This is the key. [PLAYING NOTE ON THE PIANO] Okay? Let's try, try one more time. ♪ EVERY TIME I THINK ABOUT YOUR LOVE ♪ Okay, take five, take five minutes. Just... take five. What was that? That man is getting on my last nerve. We sound fine. This ain't Carnegie Hall. You know what? His ego has gotten so swollen since that whole YouTube thing. I mean, you can barely hear me! I'm goin' to get some food. I don't care what these people do, I was NOT built for fasting. No, what you're gonna do is get yourself some water, and you're gonna relax. We're all hungry. Everybody's hungry. Just... [Miles] All right. And... ♪ EVERY TIME I THINK ABOUT YOUR LOVE ♪ Y'all hungry, huh? We thank everyone for coming out this evening to participate in the vote. Alright now the ballots are being passed out. We ask that everyone take one and pass the rest down. And once you've voted... we ask that you come down in an orderly fashion. And place your votes in this here ballot box. Thank you. I still don't understand the idea behind fasting to clear your mind to vote. The worst time to make a decision is when you're starving. And let me tell you, we're really lucky Caledonia didn't break any bones when she collapsed. Is that why you cheated? Excuse me? Hey! I am a doctor. I have a responsibility to my patients to be- Yeah, yeah, yeah... Sit down. I remember you used to be like an alcoholic with those things when we were young. Used to find those empty wrappers hidden all over the place. Okay. I am... a chocoholic. It was a lucky break for me, though. It was about the only game I had back then to try to get close to you. Those little fund raiser things you used to sell? Mm-hmm. Yup. Your pops bought most of 'em. He must've felt sorry for you. I think he knew exactly why I was comin' around sellin' those things. He was a good man. You're late. You know... after all these years you... think that it would get easier. But it doesn't. [Rex] I know. EJ's birthday has always been hard for you. It's okay. Here you go. Thank you for your discretion. Always. Always. [CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKING] [Reverend Greene] Lord, thank you for your abundance. Amen. [All] Amen! Gimme that chicken! Shouldn't your mother be here for this? She said she needed some air, but I thought she would be back by now. I guess you're up. I guess so. Hey everyone. Hi. If I can get your attention, we have collected the count. First we want to say thank you for coming out. And for fasting before the vote. I know it wasn't easy, trust me. This church was first started by my grandparents. Pastor and Lady Byrd. It started out of their living room, and then it expanded and it expanded, and well... Here we are. Since that time, this church has been overseen by my family. But this is a new age. And it's good to break with tradition and follow your heart. Which is what has happened today. For we are not only inviting in a new pastor to lead us we are inviting in a pastor that you elected. From your heart. Not from a ballot. Amen. Reverend Greene, will you please accept this honor? [ALL CHEERING] I don't understand, I-I wasn't even on the ballot. I don't know what to say. It seems the church has spoken. [ALL AGREEING] Let's give, you know, Reverend Greene a chance to digest this news. Please, enjoy your meal, and thank you again. [APPLAUSE] Ballistics are in. Our murder weapon is a 22 caliber German Luger. A fine piece of craftsmanship. It's a rare gun. Only 1500 registered in the state of Georgia. If we find this gun, we'll find our killer. Mm-hmm. Already on it. Checking the gun registry. Let's see what you got. Son of a bitch. [DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING] [voice on music track] DJ! [BEATS INTENSIFY] ♪ WE'RE JUST SINNERS ♪ SAVED BY GRACE ♪ WOAH-OH ♪ WOAH-OH ♪ DON'T LIFT YOUR HANDS GIVE GOD THE PRAISE NOW ♪ ♪ WOAH-OH ♪ WOAH-OH ♪ DON'T LIFT YOUR HANDS GIVE GOD THE PRAISE ♪ I like that. No I, yeah, I think it's straight. Yeah. I'm feelin' it from here. A'ight. Miles! My dude, you still got it! - You got it man! - D, you make it easy man. - You make it real easy, bro - Dude, listen... Now, that look, that's a hit. I know a hit when I hear one. Oh, that's fire. - No, that's straight fire. - That's straight fire. Run it from the top. ♪ WE'RE JUST SINNERS SAVED BY GRACE ♪ I like how you come in, how you come in though? That's great! I'm tellin' you man, this is a smash. [INAUDIBLE] ♪ DON'T LIFT YOUR HANDS GIVE GOD THE PRAISE ♪ ♪ WOAH-OH ♪ DON'T LIFT YOUR HANDS GIVE GOD THE PRAISE ♪ ♪ I USED TO BE THAT PREACHER - WHAT? ♪ ♪ TELLIN' PEOPLE WHAT TO DO - WHAT? ♪ ♪ DRUGS HAVE NEVER BEEN MY GAME ♪ ♪ FULL OF PRIDE AND SOMETHIN' NEW ♪ ♪ DOIN' IT ♪ I FELL SO HARD ♪ LOST MY FAITH IN GOD ♪ I COULDN'T EVEN PRAY ♪ SO I SAY ♪ DON'T MATTER WHO YOU ARE ♪ NO MATTER WHAT YOU'VE DONE ♪ YOU NEVER FALL FROM GRAAAACE ♪ YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH ♪ WE'RE JUST SINNERS ♪ SAVED BY GRACE - HEY ♪ WOAH-OH, WOAH-OH ♪ DON'T LIFT YOUR HANDS GIVE GOD THE PRAISE ♪ ♪ WOAH-OH, WOAH-OH ♪ DON'T LIFT YOUR HANDS GIVE GOD THE PRAISE ♪ [Det. St. Charles] Jabari Morris, second in command to Rex Fisher's criminal organization. He's well entrenched in the game. Thank you for inviting me to your tea party. You're welcome. [Det. St. Charles] Consider him armed and dangerous. [Jabari] What kind of cookies are these? Walnut cookies. Walnut cookies. [Det. St. Charles] I'll need backup flanked on all sides of the house. Well what kind of tea is this anyway? Green Tea. Green tea? I don't even like green tea. Oh well, you're just gonna hafta drink it. How-what? [Det. St. Charles] Let's go. - Cookies... - Ah man, I'm makin' a mess. Momma's gonna kick my butt. [JADA LAUGHS] Mm! Could you pour me some more tea please? [PHONE RINGING] Let's go see mommy real quick. Paige! Paige! We're being raided, okay? - Take Jada to her room, you empty the stash. - Okay. [DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING] ♪ GO ON LIFT YOUR HANDS GIVE GOD THE PRAISE NOW ♪ ♪ WE'RE JUST SINNERS SAVED BY GRACE ♪ We gonna do this, or what? On the next Saints and Sinners: Waiting for ballistics to match up the bullets with this gun here. There's still one debt that ain't been paid yet, and you know damn well the hustle never sleeps. You gonna shake down a dead Pastor? You better believe it. People that cross me tend not to stick around. ♪ We're just sinners saved by grace♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 