Saints & Sinners: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Saints & Sinners 
 s1e8 - Revelations - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Saints & Sinners (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Revelations - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You're leaving? I'm not running out the door. That's what it looks like. So what are you saying to me? I want you to quit Greater Hope. I have some information that might be helpful to you. What do you have? Did you and the mayor conspire to kill your husband so that you can continue your affair? Well I just got some more bad news... the CI is missing. Whats up with the snitch? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's handled. Yes Ma'am. Come on inside I have another job for you. The murder weapon is a 22 caliber german luger only 1500 registered in the state of Georgia. That's my baby. I ain't never giving her up. - How much? - $50,000 You think your mom has something to do with your dad? In my family anything is possible. I made a deal for my freedom. So you don't have to do any time? No. Lieutenant we found this in the trunk. Bag it and tag it. This gun is linked to a high profile murder case. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - You good? - Excellent. You recognize any of these men? Number 3. - Are you sure? - Yes Sir. That's the cat. I'm sure of that. Thank you for coming down. You said this had something to do with Evan's murder? Yes. We just wanted to personally tell you we've made an arrest. Who did it? Who killed my dad? Rex Fisher. My God. My God! Are you sure it was him? We found the murder weapon in his possession. And a witness places him in the car the killer was driving. So he's behind bars and there's no chance he'll get out? Not if I have anything to do with it. You okay Mrs. Johnson? You okay, Mom? I'm... it's just a lot to digest. I'm not sure how I feel right now. It'll be okay Mom, they've got him. Come on, let's go. - Thank you. - You're welcome. What's going on with you? You know. How you holding up in here? How am I holding up in here? What's going on with you Jabari? I carried you all them years, Jabari. Treated you like family... I was there for you when your pop died. When your mama left. Treated you like family. You are directly responsible for me being locked up in here. Woah, woah. Rex... I don't know what you talking about. You know what I'm talking about don't play dumb with me. That gun... that gun they're trying to pin on me, looks exactly like that German joint you've been carrying around with you. But, Rex you know mine is clean and I still got it with me. And I would never do something like this to you. Me being locked up in here I don't know what to believe no more man. Someone is gunning for me Jabari. Well I can't think of anybody that would come at you like that. One minute! Give me a second please.  One second. I want you to hit those streets. And I want you to hit them hard. I want you to find this snitch that's trying to frame me. Don't leave a stone unturned. Get it done. Do you understand me? I'll take care of it. You better. Levi! Hey babe! You're back. How was your run? It was good. I brought back coffee. Thanks! I thought you dipped out of here so you wouldn't have to... help me with these boxes. Ouch! No. No! What is all this stuff? Are you okay? Yeah! It's my grandmother's stuff. I told you they was going to deliver it this morning. Remember? The new home owner moved in so I couldn't leave all the stuff at the house anymore. I must have forgotten. Don't worry I'm getting it all packed away for storage. So, if you can survive long enough for me to tape up these last few boxes... Sure. We decided to move in together and you're moving in. I just didn't realize your grandmother was moving in too. What are those? That happens to me a very expensive couch. Got it. Clearly you and your mother have some very expensive taste. How do you afford some of this stuff? I'm very resourceful with my money. I see that. There is a fine line between being resourceful and being a shop-a-holic. I am not a shop-a-holic. Now you know good and well how y'all ladies do. Y'all mess around and buy stuff like ugly socks just because it's on sale. Excuse me? These are not ugly. These are very cute. But they were on sale. And they're ugly! Look, clearly some adjustments have to be made. Are you sure you're ready to do this? I have waited for this for seventeen years. I'm ready. Yo! What are you doing here? I thought we were meeting at Smokeys? Yeah but, you know I got to stay two steps ahead. You got the money? Hey man, I think it's messed up that you had to sell Auntie's house to pay off the Pastor's debt. What do you care? You watched your two girlfriends jump me. You're here to collect your money but blood is thicker than water though, right Bari? Yeah man, yeah. Blood is thicker than water. But, nothing trumps the paper. Even the Pastor knew that man. You know... I went through this phase when I wanted to be a Preacher. What happened to that? You know, the streets got me. Maybe God didn't see fit. So we're clear, right? Yeah... we're clear. Man, you know it was strictly business right? Nothing personal. How do you separate the two? I don't have a choice. It's the only way to survive. Later Le. Goodbye Bari. Christie! - Mother Harris... - Christie I wanted to show you this bill that I got in the mail from Medicaid Sure okay, let me take a look. Mother Harris, this isn't a bill. You don't owe them any money. This is just showing payments that were made on your behalf. That says that I had x-rays and treatments done for rheumatoid arthritis at this clinic. Now I may move slow sometimes, but I've never had arthritis. I see. I keep calling them and telling them. - You called them? - They said they would investigate. But, it's been almost three weeks and I haven't heard a peep yet. Three weeks... Mother Harris, how about I handle this for you? I already told them they should call you about it. I'm sure it was a computer error. Well your Daddy sure oughta be proud of you. Thank you Mother Harris. What's up Rodriguez Are you crazy? Man, what are you doing here? You know, you are a hard man to get in touch with. - Woah - Let's go for a ride. This is how it's gonna be Jabari? Hey man, you brought this on yourself. Man, let's talk about this man. Nah, it's a little bit too late for that. Jabari, I'm sorry man. Please. Bang! You're dead! Haha. Damn man! You watch way too many movies. Yeah, yeah, I've been watching a lot of action movie's lately. It's far as a mother out here. You know what, those are nice pants. You working the stroll or something? Cute. I'm on a on vice case at a truck stop. Really? Making any money? You're on a roll Yes Sir. So what's so important you had to drag me all the way down here. Look, I need you to put the word out for the snitch who fingered Rex. Are you kidding me? You're asking for a favor after you deaded my last snitch? Look, don't I always take care of you, Rod? Don't you always get paid? Yeah? Alright so do you know who the witness is or not? Department's keeping the details on this case under tight wraps. They're out for blood man. He burned a lot of people. They've been waiting for him to make a move man. You know that. Yeah but see, he didn't make this move. And I gotta help him prove it. It's a loyalty thing. I know you boys at the precinct wouldn't get it. How do I know you won't dead this snitch too? Yo! Can't win for losing with this mess. - Working late? - Lady Ella. Come on in. So how's everything? I should be asking you that question. How you holdin' up after Rex's arrest? You know I thought I would feel some relief but... I guess he's always going to be a problem. I'm sorry I can't be of more help. You are helping. You're helping the church. Actually, I do have some good news in that department. Well please, do tell. I was able to zero out the church of debt and pay all the staff. How did you pull that off? The money from the sale of my grandmother's house. Levi... I can't believe you did that! She would've wanted it that way. My grandmother loved Greater Hope. I know she loved this place, but... - Are you sure about this? - I'm sure. This place was my second home as a kid. And my salvation as an adult. I'm sure. But there is one thing I want in return. Hi, how you doin'? What are you doin' around here? I'm meeting Tam. Scotch, right? Yeah. I'm actually glad that you two are working things out. Especially with the little one on the way. She told you already? Of course she told me! That's my girl. Okay. I thought we were just supposed to wait until a certain time to tell everyone, but... Guess I don't know all the girl rules. You're so silly. That's a life rule, not a girl rule. And look, and besides, I'm special so of course I'm gonna know before everybody else. What's up with you? Tam says the only way I can have a second chance is if I leave the church. Well can you blame her? No, but... You know, you're spending too much time worrying about what you're losing instead of what you're gaining. Alright, Tam put up a lot with you over the years. It's gonna take a while to get that trust back. - No I get that, but- - No, listen, you need to get your priorities straight. Listen, I love Tam, okay? She's my heart. But music is my soul. I got it. Why don't you come and play here a couple nights a week? - Here? - Yes here! Look, the crowd loves you. And plus? I'm the perfect boss. Excuse me. - Can I help you? - Yes, I am looking for the Evan Johnson Jr. Clinic of Hope. That's our church clinic next door. Can I ask your help on how to locate it? I've been walking in circles for a few minutes now. This church can be a bit of a maze. It's right this way. Levi Sterling, Executive Pastor. You're young for a pastor. Executive Pastor is more administrative, less spoken word. Well then actually, you might be the person I need to speak with. Serena Bell... Medicaid Audits and investigations? What sort of audit are you conducting? Well there's been some questionable billing from your clinic so I'm here to investigate that problem. I'm sure it's some kind of mistake. The doctor of the clinic is actually the first daughter of the church. She'll straighten everything out. - After you. - Thank you. Hey, how are you? Yeah. I'll get in here. We service the community needs, we open back up at 8 AM tomorrow. Yes, thank you. What are you doing in here? There's a Medicaid Investigator talking with Levi over at the church right now. You're sure she's from the Medicaid office? I couldn't hear every word, but yes. And they're on their way here. - Do you think he knows anything? - He has to know! But he still might not know who's involved. I like getting paid, but I don't want to go to jail. Just shut up and let me think! Okay. I'm gonna need your help shredding some files. Now I understand that the Clinic of Hope is run and funded by this church. Yes, that's correct. Then you need to be made aware that any possible fraudulent activity in the clinic billing would impact the church as well. Excuse me? I oversee the expenses for the church and the clinic. I assure you, everything is in order. Not according to our records. But I will need to see the clinic billing documents in order to accurately asses what's going on. Here we are... Reverend Johnson Jr. Clinic of Hope. You know what? I think the clinic closed early today because of the election. - The election? - Yes. I will be back, Mr. Sterling. This much anticipated election day for the mayor of Cypress is underway. The favorite for this office is first term Councilwoman Ella Johnson who is arriving right now at this polling station to cast her vote. Incumbent Mayor Pamela Clayborne has just arrived to cast her vote. Mayor, could I ask you a question? Who will you be voting for in today's election? I think you know the answer to that question. And smart voters today will do the same. Thank you. And there you have it. The race is on, and all eyes will be on the finish line. Thank you. - Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Hi there, how are you? Yeah, nice to meet you. - Councilwoman Johnson. - Mayor Clayborne, thank you for coming. - I really need to talk to you. - Anything wrong? Everything. - Thank you. - Of course, good luck. Thank you. What's going on? The prosecutor for Rex's case called me into his office for a meeting. What'd he want? He wants me to testify against Rex about his extortion of the church. Well you can't testify. That money is tied to Rex's criminal enterprise. If that information got out... you wouldn't be mayor anymore. I know. And the last thing I want to do is serve up some ammo for people to crucify me. - Especially after that Pearson fiasco. - Right. Well this is on you now Ella. Give them the information in a way where you control it. Here comes Councilwoman Johnson now. Councilwoman Johnson, any comments on the allegations regarding the relationship with you and Mayor Clayborne? I find it interesting in today's political climate that a photo of two powerful women together would immediately be construed as an illicit moment. We're friends. And Colleagues. Well can you explain the picture of you and known crime boss Rex Fisher? Mr. Fisher followed me during one of my most solemn and, and private moments. A visit to the gravesite of my son and my husband. There he threatened me for the money that he said my late husband still owed him. That monster is behind bars where he belongs. And if elected Mayor of Cypress, I vow to fight for every victim of violent crimes. Thank you, and don't forget to vote. - Thank you, Councilwoman Johnson, - Thank you. I'll be a sec. See you finally made it to the show? Why, you been waitin' for me? I stopped waitin' for you a long time ago. But I knew eventually you'd come to me. And here you are. Nah. This right here is just a pit stop for me. You see I still got work to do out on them streets, you understand? - So you innocent, right? - Yeah. One hundred percent, baby. Let me tell you a little secret. We all innocent until we get caught. You ain't goin' nowhere. That's where you wrong. You see, you always been arrogant. And you always been stupid. That's why I never gave you the keys to the kingdom. I never wanted the keys to your kingdom. I just wanted you to be a dad. Let's move. Yeah. I'm comin', we're comin'. Thought you supposed to be on a mission. What you doin' here? I'm doin' what I'm supposed to be doin'. What's it to you? Someone gotta hold it down, since Rex is away. What, that supposed to be you? So far it ain't you. You know, you done got real bold since you got off the leash, brah. What's up brothers? 50 on the game. I'll take the points. What's up dog? You sit and relax. I got this. What's up, Zeke? That's a lot of gap you put down, who you bettin' on? Always the home team baby, always. Always? Yeah, they doin' very fine today. I may make me a little bit more of that, um, what you call it? Guap. Yeah, guap. Heard anything about Rex? Nah I ain't heard nothin'. You know somebody snitched him out, right? Well tha-that's a shame to hear. You ain't hear nothin' from around the way? Hey, I'm just tryin' to keep my head above water, Jabari. I mean it's been rough lately. Yeah, the hand, the hand. How is it? How's it comin' along? I took the cast off. I gotta do some physical therapy for a minute. Then then I'll be back to one. This hand, it's almost back at a hundred percent? Yeah. You old rats kill me. Lord, please. Now I know you ratted out Rex. I know it. Now you gonna tell me what I wanna know. They paid me, I didn't want to. - Who? Who? - I needed money! I don't know. You better tell me what I want to know right now. I'm not gonna ask you again. The race for Mayor of Cypress hits its final stride - Right there. - What? The dude on the TV, right there! It's a tight race as the polling numbers continue to... The dude on the TV paid you? You think I'm stupid? He did! Come on it's him, it's him! Right there, for real! Strict agenda to curb violence in Cypress.  As many voters know... The dude in the black suit. He came to the garage and gave me some money. He said all I had to do was say that-that Rex was in one of the cars on the lot. When the police came around, I didn't know that they were gonna jam him on a murder rap man, I swear! Get his ass outta here. Get up. Wait, wait a minute. Wait a minute, I made my bet man! Hold on! What are your thoughts about the race so far? Well, in percentages, Councilwoman Johnson is leading so far tonight. But there are many... - Hey, you made it! - Hey. Despite the lack of experience, she seems... This is pretty amazing, and a little weird... seeing your mom's face plastered all over everything. So how much longer before the polls close? - 15 minutes. - Okay. We're almost to the finish line Ella. In the next couple of hours, we'll find out if you're the next Mayor of Cypress. - How do you feel? - Anxious. But ready. - How do I look? - Better than ever. Excuse me one second. - Hey Levi. - Hey Lady Ella. How you feeling? It's been a long, exciting day. But I am so ready to find out the results. Breathe mom, just breathe. Great, thanks. Okay, the race is pretty close right now. You're at 43 percent of the vote, Cartman's at 38, Dudley's at 19. We just need to get through this final push. This is that, phone interview I mentioned. Okay. - Good luck mom. - Thank you baby! Excuse me. She's on pins and needles, but I think she's gonna pull it off. Yeah, me too. Listen, now that we can talk, I meant to tell you earlier today that a Medicaid investigator stopped by the church asking questions about the clinic. It seemed pretty serious. Um, a Medicaid investigator? What did they say? She wanted to see the billing records for the clinic. Our billing records? Why? She said there were some discrepancies. I brought her by the clinic, but you guys had already shut down for the day. She said that she's gonna come back. I don't know about any of that, but can we talk about it later? This is kind of my mom's big night. Yeah, sorry, you're right. We can talk about it later. - Okay. And bring you the results the minute they come in.  Stay with us. Yep. Car's ready. I'll meet you at the front door. Alright, thanks. You almost ready? Truman's downstairs. Yeah, I need a few minutes. I am so happy to be home. Two weeks is just way too long to be apart. Yeah I thought you really liked the lecture circuit, compared to getting beaten up on the football field every week. Well I do. But... It is that being apart from you... is what I don't like. Well you got home just in time. So how does it feel to be finishing up your last term as Mayor of Cypress? I can't be Mayor forever. At least we should get a little bit of downtime together now, I don't think so, I need to focus on my state senate campaign. Really? And I thought you were going to take a little time off in between. No, there's never any time off in politics. Well it has been about politics for the last six years, hasn't it Pam? When's it gonna be about me and you again? You used to have a career. You should know. I used to have a career? I used to have a career? What the hell are you talkin' about? I didn't mean it the way that it sounded. I just, I- - Well what did you mean? - I just meant that you should, you should understand. The pressures of a job... that keeps you in the public eye. That's what I meant. And do we really have to talk about this now? Because we're already running late- No. No we don't. There's gotta be something better to do than this. Travis... Listen, I- Tie his hands. Do it right. Jabari, let's talk. Yeah. Well Mayor Clayborne, I was wondering how you were planning on setting up Rex for the Pastor's murder, when it was you the whole time? I had nothing to do with that. You know, it' funny how people like you always seem to think that you're so different from people like me. Yeah, your hustle has a better address. It just means that no one can see what's really going on. We have a security detail right outside that door. - Actually, you don't. - Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait! Okay, you're right, you're right, you're right! I- I wanted Rex to suffer, okay? But I didn't kill anyone. So why plant the gun? Well come on man, you know Rex. You know him, let's, let's take justice as - Don't move! Stay still! Don't move either. You don't have to do this! You don't have to do this. I can help you. I can help you get out of this whole thing. You're good Mayor, but you're not that good, you're not gonna talk your way out of this one. You'll never get away with this. You won't be around to find out. Stop! Stop. It wasn't her. It was me. Travis don't. I couldn't stand the thought of him screwing you right under my nose. Him? Pastor Evan Johnson. You and the Pastor? What? This tea is too good. No, no, I didn't. Travis, I didn't, I wasn't- - Shut up. Shut up! Shut up. - I wasn't - it wasn't - Continue. Don't you try to deny it. I know you had someone in our bed. - Hey baby. - Hey honey. Thought we were gonna do dinner but you weren't here, so I went and got in a workout. Yeah... I... had to work a little later than I planned. Extreme commitment demands extreme sacrifice, you taught me that. So you said you listened to me? Yeah, you know, sometimes. I saw your texts. Hello, Pastor Johnson. Hello? Who was that? I waited for the perfect moment. I was so overcome with rage. I just did it. Wait! Travis, I didn't... I... Don't you try to deny it. How else would you explain what I... Lady Ella! You're looking as beautiful as always. - Thank you. - What are you ladies gossiping about? So the interview with Pearson was true. You and Lady Ella? This is... this is just getting more crazy. You had the right affair, but the wrong spouse. That's hilarious. Sad, but it's hilarious. They showed me the evidence, you know the police they showed me. I knew it was you. I couldn't let you go down for that. And you couldn't pass up a chance to jam up Rex? You're a ruthless bitch. It's kinda poetic though. How she had your six there at the end. Too little too late for me. What are you gonna do? How are you going to prove any of this? No one's gonna believe a stupid punk like you. Maybe not. But they'll believe you. What are you going to do? How are you going to prove any of this? No one's gonna believe a stupid punk like you. It's a shame the two of you didn't realize how made for each other you were until it was too late. Hey. See you on the other side. Wait!! I wish you were here. Ella, you're up to sixty-one percent of the votes now. The polls are closed, they're finishing the tally on the remaining ballots. I mean, we're waiting on the official word. But you did it! The polls are closed and the final votes are in. The new Mayor of Cyrpess is... Councilwoman Ella Johnson. Yay, you did it. Sounds like it's official. My gosh congatulations, you did it. Dad would be so proud. We did it, Mayor Johnson. That's the first time I've ever heard anyone call me that. And how does it feel? It feels amazing. Camera's are ready to roll in five minutes. Are you ready? Yes honey, as I told you before, I was born ready. Everyone I give you your new Mayor of Cypress, Mayor Ella Johnson. Thank you. Hey partner. You okay? Thought I'd feel a bit more closure once this case was solved. You wanted be able to solve the EJ case as well, right? It's the one case of my career that I haven't been able to let go. Let's put this case to bed, okay? Then we can climb back into the EJ case tomorrow. Let me buy you a beer. We both deserve it. Thanks partner. Where do you guys think you're going? We have another murder. Where? Mayor's mansion. What are you doing? Sure took you long enough. I've been busy. Yeah, I heard. I only came here to look you in the face and tell you how disgusted I am with you. How could you do that to Evan? Come on, Ella. I thought you knew me better than that. I didn't do nothing to E. E was my boy. What are you saying? Evan told me everything. You want to talk about secrets? If I end up going to trial, tell you something... All your dirt's gonna come out. You're grasping Rex and it's not a good look. Yeah, stay with me on this one Ella. Some lies, can't be buried. What do you think you can blackmail me into bailing you out of here? Please. Yeah, it's kill or be killed baby. If I go down, everybody's taking the fall. Trust me. - Yeah? - Yeah. You think you want to come for me? Try me. Yeah, well guess what? It's gonna be a fight to the death. So you better be ready. Yeah, by the way, our son says hi. Christie, you okay in there? Yeah. Okay babe, I'm gonna head to church. I'll see you later. What's up young blood? You got what we need? Yeah, I got it. But it ain't going to get you out of here? What's that mean? Look Rex, I've been telling you for a long time. Things been changing. Business ain't the same no more but you don't want to listen. I see. I see what you're doing boy. You better watch yourself, Jabari. You better watch what you're doing. I am. I'm watching. I'm looking out too but this time I'm looking out for me. You know... a man can only take so much before he start making plans of his own. You better think about what you're doing. And you really, really, better be sure. You understand me? Because once you turn that corner you can't never come back. You understand? I've been sure for a long time. So you waited until I got locked down to make your moves. You really as soft as I thought you were. You got yourself locked up, Rex. You did that. You see this the difference between you and me, we both live and die for the hustle except, I still got a heart. So, this is what I'm gonna do for you. I got some people in there that still owe me some favors. They're gon' watch out for you and make sure you straight. They're gon' make sure I'm straight? You better watch your back Jabari. You better watch yours. I see you down the road Rex. No, I'll see you in hell. You bitch! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 