Saints & Sinners: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Saints & Sinners 
 s1e2 - Hustle Is Still the Hustle - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Saints & Sinners (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Hustle Is Still the Hustle - full transcript 
 Past wounds are reopened as a murder investigation resurrects details of another tragedy that shook the town of Cypress decades earlier. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously, on Saints & Sinners Jabari, Jabari! Call 911! What did you do to him? I miss him. You still think about him too? Nice sermon today, Pastor. Keep the blessings flowing, know what I'm sayin'? Hey Pastor. Pastor's payments is light again. Got anything to say about that? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Would you gentlemen mind if I had a moment with the pastor? Do you think I wouldn't notice the missing money from my campaign account, Evan? Look I need a little extra time on my campaign prep. Whatever you need to figure out... do it soon. Anything else you need? Seems you got a problem. Look, I just need a little time. Your time is up! By this time tomorrow, everything should be good. Wait! [GUNSHOTS] [SLOW HEARTBEAT] [DRAMATIC MUSIC PICKING UP] [INDISTINCT DIALOGUE] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [Officer] Are you okay, sir? Are you okay? What have we got? They found him around 9:54pm, they could still smell the gunpowder. Neighbors heard what may have been two gunshots around that same time. Any ID? His wallet was on him with cash and credit cards still inside. So it wasn't a robbery. Who was he? Evan Johnson, 64, two shots to the back of the head at close range with what looks to be a 22 calibre weapon. Oh my God. Pastor Evan Johnson? Popping a pastor is pretty cold. Any witnesses? No witnesses yet. At least no one that's willing to talk. But got a pretty clear shoe print. Size eleven work boot. Noah. A close range shot to the back of the head. No robbery. This sounds personal to me. How do you know this vic? You don't want to know. Tragedy has once again struck the First Family of Greater Hope Baptist Church. Pastor Evan Johnson was found dead. A victim of yet another gun related crime. Our sympathies go to the Johnson Family as they try to make sense of three generations of tragedy. Do you know who would want to kill your husband? Let us through, please! - Any comment? - Let us through. Councilwoman Johnson, any comment? - Mom! - Oh, baby! [SOBBING] Dad's gone. He's gone. How could this happen to us again? I don't know, baby. I don't know. Tell me, what happened? I don't know, we were just playing basketball with him. Mrs. Johnson? Y- yes. I'm Detective Alvarez. And this is my partner... Detective St. Charles. Oh my God. What are you doing here?! - Why are you even here? - Hey, hey, hey! Get out of here! [Christie screaming hysterically] Leave us alone! ♪ DOWN, LIFT YOUR HANDS GIVE GOD THE PRAISE ♪ ♪ I FELL SO HARD ♪ LOST MY FAITH IN GOD ♪ I COULDN'T EVEN PRAY ♪ SO I SAY ♪ WE'RE JUST SINNERS ♪ SAVED BY GRACE This right here Smokey? Like heaven on a bone. Glad to hear I haven't lost the touch. You ain't lost nothin' baby. Lotta love where it at man, lot's of love. [police siren] That's about the eighth car I've seen go past. Somethin's goin' on. Hey, young blood. What's with the light show? Somebody killed Pastor Johnson. Funny you would be assigned this case. Lets hope your track record has gotten better over the years. We want to find out who's responsible for this as much as you do. I seriously doubt that. Any idea who could have done this? Look, I-I don't understand this. My husband was a respected leader of this community My family has run this church for over four decades. He treated everybody like family. Okay, Did the Pastor mention anybody he was having trouble with? No, he was cool with everybody. I can't think of why anybody would do this. He was always trying to help people. This just doesn't make any sense. [SLOW DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING] Let's talk. Have any thoughts on who might have a reason to kill the Pastor? No, like they said, everybody in the neighborhood loved him. I never expected to see you back here. Especially under these circumstances. Me neither. I've only been back a couple of months, and now this. Home is never how you left it. That thing with you and Christie... Don't worry. I'm used to women reacting to me that way. You said you've only been back a couple months. How often did you see the Pastor? He gave me a job here at the church, kind of helped me through a rough patch. I saw him almost every day. Anything seem out of the ordinary? Not that I can think of. In my experience, people don't get shot like that for nothing. Something was going on with the Pastor that got him killed. Hey, Lou just arrived. Get some rest. We'll be in touch. Take me through it. City Hall is breathing fire on this one. Huh. Gotta love an election year. It looks like a personal hit to me. What makes you so sure? We had a close range shooting, no robbery. And the shooter picked up his brass. Plus, take a look at this. Son of a bitch. Now why would a Pastor need that much cash? And why would a killer leave it behind? This is crazy man. This neighborhood has really gone down hill. Seems like every time another black man steps up to lead, he gets shot back down. Pastor told me things had changed around here. I just didn't know it was this bad. What are we going to do now? What we always do, survive. Huh. So you worked their son's case? Don't you ever stop pushing? I'm a female detective with four brothers. I never stop pushing. It was my first homicide. When you're starting out, you think there's no case you can't solve. Until reality sets in. I mean things have changed. Evidence, technology. Clearly the family hasn't let it go. Maybe the file is worth a second look. But where to start? [DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS] [Det. Alvarez] Maybe right here. [KNOCKING] [Ella] Pamela? At least you're answering your door. I wish you would have called first. I look a mess. Never. And I did call. A few times, actually. Why won't you let me be here for you? I'm... I just need a little time. Yes of course, I understand. You need a little time. Just take as much time as you need. But I just want you to know that I'm here for you. I'm here. Where's this from? It's from our last family reunion. We'd just won the family olympics... and he was... doing his victory dance. [SOBBING] You're okay. [DOOR OPENING] [PHONE VIBRATES] Hey Banana. Hey daddy, I miss you. I miss you too, baby girl. Somebody's birthday is Saturday. You excited? Yeah. Mom is taking us to laster tag and everything. It's gonna be awesome. [Savannah] You're gonna be here, right? I wouldn't miss it. I'll see you then, Banana. I love you daddy. Love you too baby. Bye. Hey. You doin' okay? Here, let me get that- No! I can take care of it. I'm sorry, I uh... \}No, you don't have to explain yourself. Been a long time since I've been in this house. Yeah, I know. A lot of memories here. You know... Dad really loved you. It broke his heart after you left. Especially since we had just lost EJ. I had to go, you know that. Harvard was the opportunity of a lifetime. That's BS and you know it. We really needed you. I needed you. I didn't plan on leaving like that. Then why did you? I was young! I didn't know what I was doing, I didn't know how to process things. And what about now? Christie... baby, we so sorry. Whatever you need, we got you baby girl. Listen, we gotta get some of this food in you first. baby you lookin' so thin! We gotta keep you strong for the Lord. Come on over here. Did you remember to bring that hot sauce? You don't need any hot sauce. Are you gonna stand there like a stalker or are you going to say something? How did you know I was here? Wasn't hard. You've been wearin' the same cologne since you were sixteen years old. Thank you. Sit down, Levi. There's a lot we need to talk about. For you. And lady Ella. You remembered I like pink roses. Of course. They're beautiful. Hey. Hey. I know it doesn't seem like it right now, but it's gonna be alright. My dad used to always say that. Yeah, I know. I remember that too. Brother Miles. Ladies. I see y'all bringing out all the good food, huh? Of course. Uh, I think I better find a vase for these, excuse me. Of course, sweetheart. We're praying for you and Lady Ella. [Christie] Thank you. And I'ma find some plates. Did you see what I just saw? Guuuuurl, Stevie Wonder could see that. Mmm-hmmm. I know I'm supposed to say that he's not gone, that he's all around us, he's lookin' down on us from up on high... But I can't right now. James chapter 1 verse 6. But when you ask, you must believe and not doubt... And he that doubts is like a wave of the sea, blown and tossed by the wind. Amen. I'm gonna need your help with the planning of this funeral, Levi. Of course, whatever you need. I'm gonna need your help with the church as well. Everyone always thinks that it's tithes and offerings and tax exemptions. But it's much more. People depend on the church, not only to be spiritually fed, but many times for actual food on their table as well. Not everyone was aware of how much the church was struggling. Evan was always trying to put a band-aid on it. Robbing from Peter to pay Paul. And it worked for a while. But now I'm afraid that there's nobody in my family left who could lead this church. Well what about Christie? She's not built for this. She never will be. Evan trusted you. He told me how you kept us afloat over the years. He called you his little miracle worker. Changing five fish and two loaves of bread into enough food to feed the multitudes. Just like Jesus. Well I don't know if I got it like that. That was one of my favorite qualities in Evan. No matter how things seemed, he was always looking for a way to make everything alright. Do you know why he believed in you? Leading this church is much more than just preaching the word. It takes humility, compassion, and a level of faith that not many have. But, at the same time, a business savvy that keeps everything moving. I've seen that in you. Evan saw it, too. Even before we lost EJ. I'm not pastor material. I'm not talking about being a pastor. I'm talking about being a leader. This church needs you Levi. More now than ever. I always want to be here for you and for the church, Lady Ella, but you know I have a daughter back home who needs her father around while she's growing up. and you know how important that is. Lord knows that decisions of the faith are never easy, Levi. Here. Maybe this will help. These are some photos for the funeral program. I trust you to pick the best one. Well people are gonna be arriving soon. That'll be a good time to let them know what time the service is going to be on Saturday. - Saturday? - Yeah. My daughter's birthday is on Saturday. I already told her I was gonna be there, I'm flying home, I- My ex documents every little mistake I make, I have to be there. Well that doesn't sound much like a family to me. But I'll leave that up to you. I trust you'll make the right decision, Levi. [GOSPEL SINGERS HARMONIZING] ♪ WAS GRACE ♪ THAT BROUGHT ♪ ME SAFE ♪ THUS FAR ♪ AND GRACE ♪ WILL LEAD ♪ ME HOME It feels like we're stuck. We don't really have anything. Just gotta keep digging. Get ready. Tell me something good about this case. The mayor's office is calling every hour on the hour. So far, nothing to go on. According to the neighborhood, this guy squeaked when he walked. Everybody loved him. Yeah, well somebody didn't. Any evidence at the scene? They're still processing the car and we're waiting for the coroner to release the bullet. Witnesses? No one's talking. But we're waiting to see if anything comes from the cell phone footage that some onlookers took at the scene. And the money? We're pulling his financials right now. Right and we contacted health services. We told them to notify us if anyone requests the death certificate to cash in on a life insurance policy. No witnesses and no motive? Follow the money. Oh, naptime kids? What do you want, Rodriguez? I heard you guys caught the Johnson case. I got some information here from one of my CIs that might be interesting to you. I think we got our suspect. You look good in my dad's chair. Don't get used to it. Now you're starting to sound like your mother. We're nothing alike. Obviously you don't know me anymore. Is there something bothering you? Actually there is. How is it that once again you seem to be the golden child? You've been here five minutes and all of a sudden you're the man. Who says I'm the man? You're taking over the church. Getting promotions... getting comfortable in MY dad's chair. I don't know what's got you angry, but- I heard you and my mom talking in the garden. Okay, look. You don't have to take out your frustrations on me. I'm not the one that thinks you don't have what it takes to run this church. That would be your mom, you can take that up with her, not me. So she can throw it in my face that I'm not good enough? I get that you're goin' through some tough stuff. We all are. But you don't have to worry about me taking over your family business. Once I sell my grandmother's house, I'm out. Typical. Mm-hm. When things got tough here, you ran up North. Then things got tough in New York and you ran back here. Now things are getting tough again, Levi. Where are you gonna run to this time? [DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING] [Douglas Carter] Murder one? Wake up, you must be dreaming. Based on what? Without tipping our hand, we thought we'd give your client a chance to clear his conscience. Clear my conscience? I make miracles happen, baby. The people love me around here. In fact, I just saw you last year at my annual turkey giveaway, Noah And now you're trying to put a body on me. Wow. I'm trying to take the needle out of your arm, Rex. Now you cooperate and we can talk to the DA about a plea. A plea? You must be smokin' if you think I'm pleading to anything. Look, I hate to break up the sausagefest, but the fact is, we have a witness and hard evidence that you were involved in Pastor Johnson's murder. It's just a matter of time before we make this case, with or without you. - Well we demand to see this evidence- - Shut up, Carter. [OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING] Listen honey... if you were as smart as you are pretty, you'd know you're being played. You understand? Nobody's making a case against me. I'm an honest businessman making an honest living, that's all that is. By convincing people with a hammer? What business school taught you that? We know the Pastor owed you money. What can I say baby? I'm a generous guy. People borrow money from me and pay me back for one reason. Because they have to, not because they like to. Oh, and if they don't they end up dead? I never killed nobody in my life. But you know who did. Carter, handle this please. Don't harass my client again. What was that? What was what? Your doin' bad cop-bad cop routine. Oh please, I was gagging on all the testosterone in the room. Someone had to get to the point. The only thing you succeeded in was pissing him off, not getting to the point! Even better! People make mistakes whenever they're angry. Now all we have to do is sit back and wait 'til he screws up. Thanks again, Smokey. Hoh! You leavin' so soon? Yeah they said you were comin' back. Oh damn, you still scared of me? Never. Hey man, look um, sorry about the Pastor. Thanks, Bari. You know, I woulda came by sooner, but- I know. You don't do church. Exactly. You heard anything about who might've done this? Nope. And even if I did man, you'd be the last person I'ma tell. Hey look, you got enough on your plate already. Yeah. How's Lady Ella and Christie doing? About as well as you'd expect them to be doin'. Hey man, word on the street is that you and a kid found the body. Is that what the streets say? You know they always listening. I mean, unless you forget that during your bougie time on Wall Street. There's certain things you never forget. You know he's got a birthday coming up, right? Who? Come on man, don't act like you don't care, Bari. I know you remember. Look, I gotta get goin'. I got some business at the church I need to attend to. Okay bro. Handle your handle. Hey, we're cousins man. If you need anything... I know. Anything. I know. Thanks, Jabari. You got it Smoke. I'll see you tomorrow. [Smokey] God willing. [CAR ALARM CHIRPS] [LIGHT SCRATCHING SOUND] We need to talk. Somebody's snitchin'. [SIRENS WAIL IN DISTANCE] [SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING] Hey Angela! - Hey. - You got a second? - Yeah. Which one of these pictures do you think would work best for the pastor's funeral program? Let's see... I like this one. And this one. Wait, is this you in this one? Wow, you knew Pastor for a real long time. Yeah. Let's reach out to more than one florist, so we can compare prices. Okay. Oh, and don't tell them it's for the Pastor until the end of the call. Okay. Also, let's put a list together of speakers for the service. I'm sure some of the reverends in the area want to say a few words. Just let them know they're on the clock. Do we have to pay these reverends? I mean, because I know we have to pay the performers. What? Well, they call it a donation. But, yeah they get paid, for real. Okay, that's good to know. And these are the numbers of the final resting place Lady Ella picked out for Pastor. Okay. Eight thousand dollars for a casket? Good Lord, how can people even afford to die? You look a little freaked. Should I not show you the rates for the musical performers that Miles booked? No it's, fine. Oh and please scan these and email them over to me so I can try them all out for the program. No problem, I got you. Thank you, Angela. You know... Pastor's office does suit you. [chorus singing] ♪ ALL RIGHT ♪ ALL RIGHT ♪ KEEP ON GOING ♪ HOLY LORD ♪ ALL RIGHT Alright, now I want to continue to repeat the chorus... on the way out, and just watch the- Can I talk to you for a minute? Take five. What's up Levi? What's up is this funeral budget. What's the problem with it? Well first, the amount is insane. Four thousand dollars? Secondly, why are you booking performers without consulting me? You've already got three different acts scheduled to perform. This is a funeral, this isn't summer jam. Big E lived life big, he should go out big. Besides, I never had to consult with Pastor Johnson about my music ministry. Why would I consult with you? Because I handle the money here, Miles. You mean mishandle the money. You better back off that, okay? You may think you know me 'cause you heard a rumor or two, but you don't know a damn thing about the real me. You better calm down. You're in the house of God. One performer, two thousand dollars. Choose wisely. [SOMBER MUSIC PLAYS] [SIGHS] [PHONE RINGING] [Savannah] Hey daddy! Hey Banana, happy birthday baby. Are you almost here? No, baby, I'm not. What do you mean? You said you'd be here. I know, but there was this important grown up thing that came up [Levi] that I have to handle. More important than me? Nothing is more important than you. Then why aren't you coming to my birthday party? It's complicated, baby. But you promised you'd be here. [Levi] I know, and... I'm gonna be on the first plane tomorrow. I'll pick you up, we can go wherever you wanna go, okay? Tomorrow's not my birthday. [Levi] I know, and I'll, uh, Daddy'll make it up, okay? I promise. That's what you always say. I- I gotta go. I love you Savannah. Bye dad. I don't know how I'm going to get through today. You'll get through it. How can you be so sure? Because you're a Johnson. Sweetie, and Johnsons do what's required. Always. Mr. McKinley. I'm Levi Sterling. There seems to be a problem? The problem is payment. Ms. Campbell does not perform without getting paid in full. You understand? Yes, I understand. Um... I'm afraid there are no further funds at our disposal. I knew it. I never wanted to book this gig in the first place, but Erica knows your boy. It's not a gig. This is our Pastor's funeral. No disrespect, but business is business. And as her manager, I'm not letting her perform without getting paid. And I understand your frustration. Apparently Miles, when he booked Ms. Campbell to sing, he was unaware of our budget- It's not my problem. It's not my problem that one hand doesn't know what the other hand is doing. Easy Kenny, easy. Listen, this is a tough day for the church, let's try to show some sensitivity. Hi, I'm Erica Campbell. - Levi Sterling, Ms. Campbell, pleasure. - A pleasure. I've known Miles for quite some time, and while he is a musical genius... he's not the sharpest tack in the box. So, I, know you have a budget. and I know you're a businessman. But you're both men of God. And I believe that we can come to an agreement that makes everybody happy, right? Right? All right then. God bless you, gentlemen. [SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING] Giving praise in honor to God. Ooh, sister, who is that? You mean tall, dark, and Idris? Not a clue. Girl, me neither, but I sure plan to find out. Thankfully I arrived with enough time from Los Angeles to preside over this beautiful journey home. For Pastor Evan Johnson. Can I get an 'amen'? [Congregation] Amen. Can I get an amen? [Congregation] Amen! Yes. See... This is very difficult for me... Because Pastor Johnson was a major influence in my life. See he was the one that taught me not to focus on how things were gonna turn out but to focus on God's plan. But see me, I was hard headed. I would always ask, Pastor why? And he would always say... Because God is in control. That's right, God is in control. [All] Amen. But the beautiful thing... Is Pastor Johnson... had a beautiful way of making everyone feel comfortable in the fact... that everything, is gonna be... all right. Brother Miles... and the choir have prepared a very special song for the Pastor that they're going to perform today. Brother Miles? [SLOW PIANO TUNE BEGINS] ♪ DIDN'T WANT TO WRITE THIS ♪ NOT MY TYPE OF SOUL ♪ TRIED TO RECONCILE THIS ♪ STILL I FIND YOU GONE ♪ SEE YOUR VISION THROUGH THE TEARS THAT I CRIED AND I KNOW ♪ ♪ IT'LL BE ALL RIGHT ♪ YEAH ♪ THERE'S ONE THING ABOUT IT ♪ I KNOW I WILL SEE YOU AGAIN ♪ BUT MY HEART IS HURTING ♪ BUT SOME THINGS I JUST DON'T UNDERSTAND ♪ ♪ TRYIN' MY BEST TO BE WHO YOU TAUGHT ME TO BE ♪ ♪ SO I'LL KEEP GOIN', SAID I GOTTA KEEP GOIN' ♪ [Both harmonizing] ♪ AND IT'LL BE ALL RIGHT ♪ ♪ IT'S GONNA BE ALL RIGHT ♪ IF WE JUST KEEP ON GOIN' ♪ KEEP ON HOLDIN' ON ♪ IT'LL BE ALL RIGHT - HEY ♪ IT'S GONNA BE ALRIGHT - IT'S GONNA BE ALRIGHT ♪ ♪ IF I JUST KEEP ON GOIN' ON ♪ SAID IT WILL SAID IT WILL ♪ HEY - IT'S GONNA BE ALRIGHT ♪ IF I JUST - IF I JUST KEEP ON GOIN' ♪ ♪ HEY-HEY-HEY-HEY - KEEP ON HOLDIN' ON ♪ You know young blood... back in the day... we had so much money comin' in we just weighed it, you know what I mean? Yeah well, a lot done changed since you and my pops was runnin' this business. We gonna get it back there though. Just gotta stick to the plan. [Choir] ♪ ALL RIGHT ♪ ALL RIGHT ♪ KEEP ON GOIN', HOLDIN' ON You okay, mom? No. I don't want to let him go. I know you got big plans and big dreams, young blood. But the hustle is still the hustle and the game is still the game. You understand? [Choir] ♪ ALL RIGHT ♪ ALL RIGHT Where we at with everything? The sports book is closed. Nola's, uh, emptying our old warehouses and Maxwell is loading all the guns into the cars right now. What's up with that one? This one right here? It's my baby. Never giving her up. Ever. Right. Let's get outta here. [Choir] ♪ YES, IT'LL BE ALL RIGHT ♪ ♪ YES ♪ YES ♪ YES ♪ IT'LL BE ALL RIGHT What's up with the snitch? Handled. [MUFFLED YELLING] On the next Saints and Sinners: - You happy? - There have been a few accounting discrepancies. We find this gun, we'll find our killer. Do you know who did it? I know you don't think that you and I run in the same circles right now, but we will. Son of a... ♪ We're just sinners saved by grace♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 