Saints & Sinners: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Saints & Sinners 
 s1e5 - Episode #1.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Saints & Sinners (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Episode #1.5 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Saints and Sinners... [Det. St. Claire] Jabari Morris. Consider him armed and dangerous. [Jabari] They thought they had me. I'd be very careful Lieutenant Hawkins. People that cross me, tend not to stick around. That should hold everyone off for awhile until we figure this out. Where have you been? I was out late doing music, you know how I get. Really? Making music, Miles? Admit that you are a lying, cheating bastard. Go ahead, say it. Come on. Say it! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Here. What is this? [Tamara] The good news I had to share with you. What makes you think that me or this church needs your financial help? Because you have that same desperate, hungry glean in your eye that the late Pastor had. [Rex] There's still one debt that ain't been paid yet. But it's gonna be paid. I done seen him cripple people for less than what you owe. We don't have the money, I'm tryin' to tell you. No look, I'm tellin' you that you better get it. [Rex] Watch this, young blood. [man] Mm-hmm. He's dead. He don't even know it yet. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Levi? No, him. Five more moves, you gone. Thinkin' five moves ahead, huh? Aren't you? Always. So we got this church thing locked up yet? Yeah. I told you I handle it, and I am. But um... it's just another player in the game right now, so... process is... goin' a little slow. Yeah I hear you. But I gotta tell you I'm gettin' real tired of this stalemate Jabari. It's time you upped your game. Or game over. And you know how I do it. I've given you enough time. What's your next move? Equity. We need to liquidate your assets. Now you just bought yourself one more move. But you still dead. Now why I got to liquidate? The church owes me money. But what was the plan from jump? Own the whole block. And whatever I don't own, I control. That's exactly what I was workin' on before your boy Levi came in and messed everything up. You just committed suicide, you know that, right? Let me tell you something. You know how Alexander the Great, Attila the Hun, and Genghis Khan got their little piece of the world? Hmm? How? Muscle. Torture. Death. That's how you do it. You understand? You take what you want. And you don't apologize to nobody about how you get it done. Fair enough. But do you know how we got Alaska for 2 cents an acre from Russia? Let me hear. A contract. See, sometimes your mind is your muscle. I'm listening'. Equity. The value of an asset less the liability on that asset. You get rid of the liability... take over the asset. So what you gonna do? Conquer. ♪ DOWN LIFT YOUR HANDS GIVE GOD THE PRAISE ♪ ♪ I FELL SO HARD ♪ LOST MY FAITH IN GOD ♪ I COULDN'T EVEN PRAY ♪ SO I SAY ♪ WE'RE JUST SINNERS ♪ SAVED BY GRACE - Hi! - Hey beautiful. What's up fam? You out there burnin'? - Look who here, you know I am B! What's good with you boy? - That's what I'm talkin' about. Hey... that piece right there is mine, right? I don't know, maybe. Man, I brought currency. Okay, we gon' talk, we gon' talk, come on. Hey Paige. Levi! How you doin'? Oh my God! I can't believe you're here. Look at you! New York looks good on you. Thank you, and you in here lookin' all like Martha Stewart. Please... Martha Stewart don't have nothin' on greens like me. Thank you. - How long has it been? - Too long. You know Jada doesn't even know who you are. Come on, let's go get you some southern cookin'. ♪ Don't I always pray for you ♪ 'Cause somebody did that for me ♪ Somebody did that for me [ ALL TALKING AT ONCE ] ♪ That's why I live life to the fullest ♪ So yes I live life to the fullest ♪ And I will never take credit for his blessing to a saint from a sinner ♪ So it's - Oh my God - Yeah ♪ Started won't you give a sinner like me ♪ Like me - Yeah ♪ Oh my God - Yeah ♪ I just can't believe his love for me - Yeah ♪ Oh my god - Yeah - Why do you do it yeah - oh yeah [ MUSIC FADES OUT ] Thanks for inviting me over, man. A home cooked meal is exactly what I needed. Yeah man, anytime, you know. Family is everything, right? [LEVI] Family is everything. So we gonna dance around it, or we gonna talk about this? Come on cuz, you know I got a job that keeps my family livin' like this. And what job is that? Come on man, don't make this any harder than it already is. Okay, look, either we do this the easy way... or I gotta do it the hard way, and I don't want that. Look I been holdin' Rex off for as long as I can. Yet you smarter than this. Yo why you workin' for Rex in the first place, Bari? Oh I'm workin' for Rex because he was there for me when no one else was. Everybody did what they had to do, and so did I. But everybody got some dirt on them. Mine just on the surface. Baby, comin' in? I'm about to put Jada down. Yeah I'll be right there. [Lady Ella] A watched pot never boils Tinie. You scared me. Well I'm surprised to see you here. So does this sleepover mean I'm forgiven? Of course I forgive you mom. You're the only family I have left. Well did you make enough coffee for two? I'm sorry... I guess it was instinctual. Just trying to stay connected. It's okay baby. I miss him too. So... you want to talk about it? What, how crazy men are, or how crazy they make you feel? Now, are you speaking about Miles... or your first love? - Who do you mean? - Now you know who I mean. Levi. Girl even a fool can see how much you care for each other. Levi is married- Yes, and so is Miles. It seems every man I choose has perfected sinning... but not honesty. Does that ring any bells? Well baby, nobody is honest. I just want you to be happy. To know what it feels like to really be loved by a man who can love you completely. You don't think I want that too? I grew up watching you and dad, the perfect couple. Do you know what it feels like to walk in a room alone? Yeah. Now more than you can imagine. But you know... baby there are some good men out there. And you are going to find one. You may have found him already. Mommy loves my little Tiney-Weeny. [PHONE RINGING] [Lady Ella] This is a list of prime donors. Don't come back here without signed checks from each one of them to add to the campaign fund, okay? Great, thanks. [Rex] Hey. Can I have a word with you? What do you think you're doing showing up here? You're jeopardizing my campaign, people talk! Ooooh-weee! Look at you, Ella Mae. I always knew you were destined for great things. Even before you knew it yourself. Look at what we did. We? We. Yeah, we. It was my money that opened those doors, am I right? Look, I told you I'd pay you back... as soon as the insurance money came in. Then we are settled. You really expect me to wait for that? Look here. Your husband signed the church over to me a long time ago. Rex I am not going to do this- Don't tell me what you're not gonna do. Look at me. Turn around and look at me, Ella. Look at me, damn it! Now you think I'm playing with you. I didn't come here to play, Ella. Now you'll do what I tell you to do. Or I'll bulldoze that campus and sell it to the highest bidder. Make it a mini-mall, big box, strip club, I don't really give a damn. And anybody that stands in my way can protest from underneath a bed of concrete. Do you understand me? That quit claim deed is barely worth the paper it's printed on. The church's mortgage is upside down. You're lying. Look at me, you are lying. Don't lie to me, don't lie to me Ella! - Don't stand here and lie to me! - Rex, Rex... Why don't we help each other out? No you need to help me by getting my money. Yeah but I thought we were in this together. What are you talkin' about? I'm going to be the mayor of Cypress. A powerful mayor with ties to the community. And a bag full of favors. Really? Then what's in it for me? You don't want a church Rex. How the hell you know what I want? You don't want to keep loaning people money out of bags and back rooms. You want a bank. You want to build office parks. You want to own the paper to land development deals. I know what kind of man you are, Rex. I know what you need. And what is that, Ella? An ally at City Hall. A friend who can vouch for you at meetings, introduce you to the right people who sign checks. Close deals. Why own a block... when you can own buildings and subdivisions? I like that. But what's in it for you? I get to keep my father's church. And... I get to stay close to a man with power. Nah. It's not enough collateral for me. What do you want? Money. Rex, I don't have- I want weekly payments. You understand? You can call 'em good faith payments. Hmm? And if you win the election... we can call it a deposit. But let me tell you something... if you miss a payment... or you loose the election... you might as well call that the Church of Rex in Christ. You understand me? Now you know what I do. Stop playin' games with me. Look at me. So sexy. So sexy. [KNOCK AT THE DOOR] [Rachel] Excuse me, Ella you're running late for your next appointment. Is everything good in here? Everything's great. Is there something I can help you with? No, you can't help me. Unless you plan to be the next mayor of Cypress. It's always good to see you. Good seeing you. I'll let myself out. Thank you. What was that about? That son-of-a-bitch. No, what was that? We can't talk about this here. Give me a minute Kwame, I'm not going with her. How long has he had the deed? Doesn't really mater now. We've got to find a way to keep him quiet and out of sight until this election. Then I'ma find his ass and lock him up my first day of office. But until then. If we got to play his game, bam! I don't care if it's stolen, counterfeit, whatever! I'll pay them back after the election. I'll use the walk around funds. Harder to trace. What's that? I keep cash on hand for election day. Shuttling voters to the polls, paying people to wear shirts... hold signs on the corner. Who does that? Who doesn't do it? I'll handle Rex. You stay focused. [Lady Ella] Kwame, let's go. [ENGINE STARTS UP] Yo, I went in for lunch, and Smokey must've run out of wood, 'cause he baked them ribs. How did he run out of wood? I'm just sayin' homey. Them ribs was baked. Man you know what? I was in there Rex. I had a rib sandwich. I had coleslaw, I had baked beans and I had a grape soda. They were not baked. No sir, no way. Lemme ask you a question. Mm-hmm. Shoot. Did you see smoke? Did I see smoke? When you went in the restaurant... you walked through the door... did you see smoke in there? Smoke... If you went in the restaurant, and you ain't seen no smoke, then them ribs was what? Baked! [LAUGHING] Let it marinate. Let it marinate baby. - What's up? - Boss man. So uh... how it go with the equity, we straight? We more than straight. We about to run the world, baby. - You got something for me? - Yeah. We're finally back to one after the shut down. Nice. I like it. [CELL PHONE CHIMES] Gimme a second. [CELL PHONE CHIMES] These fools tryin' to play games with me. I need you to go get your little fake-ass corporate thuggin' cousin straight. You don't got to worry about him. I got you. I'm goin' to do a pick up tonight. I need you to make sure it's straight J. 'Cause you know money and blood don't mix. He definitely knows what's up. No. I need you... To show him what's up. Go to work. [Levi] Well what kind of charges am I facing? What kind of time am I lookin' at? Are you kidding me? Martha Stewart got eight months on a ranch for the exact same charge. I'm not doin' 10 years for this, man. You gotta get me out of this. [Angela] Levi, oh. I gotta go. The block party committee loved your ideas for the event. That's great. You know what? I needed to ask you something. When did we ever get a P. O. Box? Must've been for Pastor Johnson's personal mail. I'll empty it out and I'll pay that bill with my petty cash. Um, there's no such thing as petty cash. Any cash you see around here isn't petty. Well really, I do need to help on that case, it's gotten serious, okay? Alright, thank you. I can't figure out what the Pastor was up to. I called Levi in hoping he could shed some light on the holes in this investigation. Think I have an idea. Call history. From the phone. Turns out it belonged to Pastor Johnson after all. Of course it is. A Pastor with a burner. Nothing in this case surprises me anymore. I bet this will. Who's that? Remember when that kid said he saw the Pastor on the phone? This is who he was talkin' to? Yep. Walter Steinberg. He's wanted in 5 states, including this one. For murder? No. In 2005, he was hustling cougars on the Upper Eastside. After that he graduated to embezzlement before moving his scams to churches. What type of charisma does this guy have to keep conning people out of their money? Let's see... 2009 he was charged with running a Ponzi scheme. It seems his attorney got him off on a technicality. Hey, you got your notes on the Pastor's financials? Mm-hmm. Look at this. Whenever the Pastor made a large cash withdrawal from his account a call went to Steinberg the same day. Must be back to his old ways. It makes sense, given the Pastor's financial problems. We need to find this guy. How, he has 10 different aliases. Thank you for coming Levi. We need you to shed some light on a situation we've been working on. Anything to help with the Pastor's murder investigation. Good. Have a seat. Initially this was going to be a follow-up interview... but we just found a break in the case we think you can help us with. Okay. Does this guy look familiar to you? Okay. Can you file this under the new platform? Mail from Pastor Johnson's P. O. Box. Thanks Angela, I appreciate it. But I'm busy, so I can't chat. Why are there so many insurance checks? The clinic hasn't been open that long, and there are not that many patients. Why do you think they're insurance checks? One of them was open. you had no right to open that mail. Your business is with the church. The clinic is part of the church and I wanted to make sure there wasn't a mistake. And as far as I know, Mother Harris has never visited the clinic. So why is there an insurance claim in her name? You don't know what you're talking about. Yes I do. The key for that P. O. Box was hidden amongst other things in Pastor's office. And if Levi hadn't come across it while he was cleaning it out the only other person that would've known about it was you. And that box was stuffed. What's your point? I want to know what you and Pastor were up to. Do you like your job and your cute little apartment? You were a four dollar ho on the corner before my dad brought you to this church and turned your life around. Now if you want to keep your new life, and keep your old past a secret... you'll shut your mouth. You're so stupid and naive. Do you really think it was just the good word that got me this lifestyle? Hmm? I'm not afraid of you princess. And it's gonna take a whole lot more than your pathetic little threat to keep me quiet. What do you want, Angela? Half. [CAR ENGINE IDLING] And call the graphic designer and check on the status of the billboard display. No, it's too early for the phone trees. Direct mailing will cover those. [SCREAMING] [man] Shut up! - Go, go, go! - Go, go! Can you describe who grabbed you? All I remember is... being dragged into a van. There is... four men inside. They wanted the campaign money. I wouldn't give it to them. That's when they hurt me. And they... wouldn't... stop. That's enough for now. She needs to rest. What happened to Rachel? Is she going to be okay? She'll be fine, poor thing. Who did this? Who do you think? Rex? But why? I know that you know about Pastor's struggles. But what you don't know is I've been having some of my own lately. It's not cheap to run for Mayor, even if it is just Cypress. But I thought your campaign was going good? It didn't start out like that. I need to know that I can trust you with what I'm about to say next. Yeah. I borrowed money from Rex. You what? I know, I know, but my back was against the wall. I thought that if there was any fallback, it would be on me. But, collateral damage never even entered my mind. You and Pastor are definitely made for each other. No matter where you are, trouble seems to find you. This is just a warning. I need to figure things out before he makes his next move. I need help, Levi. Okay. [ SIGHS ] Mr. Steinberg, its Levi. I was thinking about our previous conversation. I'm in. Let's meet. Tonight? Okay good. That work's for me. See you then. [ SIGHS ] It's Levi. I set the meeting with Steinberg. Okay. Hello! Hello. Tamara Austin? Yep, that's me. You look familiar. Do I know you? Hmm. You know you look familiar to me as well. Funny, huh? When did you start feeling uncomfortable? I dunno, I guess it's been about a month now? When was your last pap smear? Not long ago. Were there any abnormalities? Nope, not really. Have you had any other pain? Honey when you're married to Miles Callaway, the pain and suffering it just, you know, goes away and becomes part of the daily ritual. For years women have been throwing themselves at Miles, and for years Miles has been throwing them back. All those late nights Miles said he was at church meetings, choir practice, Having drinks with some distraught member of the congregation, He left out the details about spending time with the lowly Pastor's daughter. Who doesn't have enough sexy to find her own man. I understand, you're angry. Angry? Now why would I be angry about a preacher not teaching his own daughter the difference between love and sex? Hmm? Yeah, let me help you out here. Let's see. That's love. [ KNOCKS ] Pastor Greene? - Yeah? - Am I disturbing you? No. Won't you come over and take a seat. So you want to tell me why you're here? Pastor, from time to time, a member of the congregation will take me into their confidence. This member of the congregation though he's in a difficult situation He's married and, uh, there's another woman. So, what advice did you give him? Well, I didn't know what to tell him. I told him I'd come to you. On his behave. What should I tell him? I mean, can a man love two women? I mean no. Not unless this man is Moses, Lemach, Abraham, or David. I mean, there's adulterers all through the bible. So he's in good company? I wouldn't say good... But he's not the first man who's stepped outside of his marriage. But-but don't you think this member of the congregation is in need of more salvation or forgiveness, because the physical act has already -- God told Adam not to partake of the fruit. I mean it doesn't make the act any less disobedient because Eve was the only woman in the garden with him. I see. Look, it's clear that Adam went on to do amazing things, and he redeemed himself for the sin that he committed. The brother told me he's considering leaving his wife for the other woman. A man should always covet his wife in all matters, mentally and physically. Extra marital affairs are just that, Miles -- extra. And a man can only carry a hundred pound sack around this world but for so long. And deception is heavier than a hundred pounds. [ BIRDS CHIRPING \} Tam, what are you doing? I picked this time of day because I didn't think you'd be here. Tam come on, you can't be serious. Tamara please I can change. Look I bought all these new things for the baby. I... I... even ordered new baby books. You think ordering books is going to change anything? Sad thing is I want to believe you, I really do... But I can't anymore. It's exactly how I ended up here in the first place. Okay, so forget about the books. I can change. I need you. You can't just give up on us. Us? Us? You - you have never understood that concept Miles. Alright? The only us I care about now is me and my baby. I will send for the rest of my things later. Tam... Tamara. Tam. Tam, talk to me. Tam. Give us a chance. Tam, give me a chance. I can't even look at you right now. I need my space. [ SAD MELODY ] [ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC ] [ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC ] Good Evening! So, is it all there? It's all there. [ LAUGHS ] I told you we were going to make a killing on this and I meant it. [ POLICE SIRENS ] [ Steinberg ] Damn it. [ YELLING ] Get out of the car! Out of the car now! - Hands on your head. - Alright. - Both hands on your head. - Yea, Yea. Turn around. Hey let him go, he's with us. - What did you do? - Come on. - What did you do Levi? - Keep quiet. You have the right to remain silent anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. Thank you for what you did. Appreciate it. Tell us why your number is the last call in a dead man's burner phone. I don't know what you're talking about. How are you connected to the murder of a prominent pastor who was having financial problems? Y'know, when you run a ponzi scheme across state lines, it's a federal offense. In the morning you'll be standing in front of a judge for charges of racketeering, theft by deception, and possibly obstruction. [ SIGHS ] I don't know. I'd hate to lose jurisdiction, but maybe we should let the feds take a crack at this guy? Madoff got, what? One hundred years? Wait! I had nothing to do with it. I was just as surprised as anyone. Prove it. Tell us what happened that night. [ PHONE VIBRATING ] Hello? Hey, are we on track with our resources to move forward? Yeah, We got a new source. So we should be really ahead of schedule now. And this new resource understands the nature of this deal? We need the full amount deposited by end of business tomorrow, so the account continues to look legit. Hey the whole deal falls apart if the account doesn't look flush to prospective 'clients'. You know that, right? By this time tomorrow, everything should be good. Alright. Let's connect again when everything's said and done. Cool? Wait! [ GUNSHOTS ] I didn't know what to think until I heard he was dead. And you never came forward. I didn't know anything. I still don't. Hey, what is this? I told you everything you wanted to know. Shut up okay, before we let Atlantic City know they can add solicitation to your sheet. Amongst other things. Let's go. Hey! Ya'll planning on keeping my phone, you might be mannerly enough and pay for it. You can speak to the Desk Sergeant in the morning. She'll point you toward evidence lock up. I spoke with the neighborhood Senior Lead Officer and he told me how there were thousands of phones cluttering up the place everywhere. Then I suspect the SLO told you the address... He told me that I might get some reward money for helping you find that car. The only thing we found was there are about five million drivers with the same vehicle. 7CAX as in X- ray 27. What's that? The license plate number. What? You knew the license plate number? Why didn't you say anything? If you wanted it all you had to do is ask. Are you sure that number's correct? Are you sure you gonna bring my reward money? If it pans out. Then I'm sure. This is St. Charles in homicide. I need the wants and warrants for license seven - charlie - alpa- x- ray - two - seven. Yes of course I know a digit's missing. Does that mean we're back to square one? Depending on how many combinations they have. We might be back to lots of square ones. Yeah? We got a hit. We found the car? We got the car, we got the murderer. Wait. Wait. Not so fast... Where did you say the last location of the car was? [ SCOFFS ] Thanks. We already have it. - Where? - It's one of ours. Le! What's up Bari? Can't believe you selling this place. Well, desperate times. What are you doing here? We got some unfinished business, man. I wish I had the money for you. I've already had a really bad day. I'm going in. Look cuz, I was hoping for some better news. Yeah, well that's all the news I got. OKay? The church is having problems. I'm having problems. That's why I'm selling my grandmothers house. It's not going to be that easy cuz. Times up. And what does that mean, exactly? You know what it is. I never thought once he gave me this ring, I would be pregnant and squatting on your couch. Girl what you gonna do? I don't know. I just know I can't be in that house anymore. Check one, check two. I can't believe this. Girl let me get my check. - Tam! - Excuse me. Check please. - Thank you. - Don't go. I wrote this song about somebody special. It's called "Pain." It's twenty-two to one out here. And you know I know. You need to be really sure before you walk away. [ VOCALIZING ] ♪ Yeah, babe. ♪ Yo-o-o-u-u ♪ Oh babe ♪ Hey dear I'm in so real ♪ in tears, in pain ♪ I blame insane ♪ I'm shamed ♪ A broken failure ♪ Distraught and lost ♪ But at the same time ♪ It's all because I want to save this love ♪ ♪ Cause I hate what I did ♪ And when I look in the mirror ♪ ♪ Baby I flip on myself ♪ And the hard part for me ♪ is that I hurt the heart of me and ♪ ♪ I want so bad to make it right ♪ ♪ So I'm saying tonight ♪ Whatever's wrong ♪ say it [ GRUNTING AND SHUFFLING ] ♪ And girl I'll make it right Whatever you want [ SCREAMING ] ♪ Just name it ♪ And I'll do it tonight Come on. ♪ Cause baby I can't walk away ♪ ♪ Not when you mean so much to me ♪ ♪ Because you hold the key to my sanity ♪ ♪ And if you take your love away ♪ ♪ I'm in pain ♪ Talking low ♪ Unfocused ♪ If we don't work this out... ♪ [ MUSIC CONTINUES ] ♪ Pain 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 