Saints & Sinners: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Saints & Sinners 
 s1e7 - Don't Go - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Saints & Sinners (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Don't Go - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Saints and Sinners... Do you think he knows about us? I don't know. [ CAMERA SHUTTERS ] The two of them? Together? Makes for a motive to get rid of their husbands. We got a problem. Get rid of this. Make sure there are no copies. If there's ever a choice between something else and my family, I'm choosing us every time. It's going to take a lot more than you coming to one doctor's appointment for me to take you back. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm willing to do whatever it takes for you and the baby. My daughter served me with my divorce papers. I'm probably going to go to prision for insder trading. I got my ass whopped by neighborhood thugs, and now they threatened my daughter! - Did you win that? - No, that man gave it to me. I'm what you call, untouchable. I'm going to make sure they put your ass down a rat hole for the rest of your life. Now you cooperate and we can talk to the D. A. about a plea. You must be smokin if you think I'm pleading to anything. I'm an honest business man making an honest living. By convincing people with a hammer? Do you have my money? No. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [ ZEKE SCREAMING ] We just got to stay out of his path until we sort things out. Around here seems like the only way to stay out of Rex's path is in a coffin. [ HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYING IN THE DISTANCE ] Threatening me like you somebody. If you're so right about it then show me what you got. [ HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYING IN THE DISTANCE ] Cause this is what I got. [ SCOFFS ] We don't have to do this if you don't want to. [ HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYING ] Yeah, take a good look homey. Thought so. Woah, woah, woah, preachers kid. Where you think headed? I'm here for my sister. I know she in there with your boy. Ohhhh, so she get's cozy with blue suit and all of a sudden that's my boy? Like y'all two ain't baptism buddies paired up at the pulplit. Not when it come to my baby sister. [ CHUCKLES ] I'm going to go talk to Levi and see if I can get Christie out. But, just stop crying please. Can you do that? - I'm coming too. - Nah. I said I got this. [ EJ YELLING AND GUNSHOTS ] Jabari! Jabari! Somebody's shooting. Levi don't go out there! [ PEOPLE SCREAMING ] Help! Somebody get some help! Call 911! What did you do to him? [ SCREAMING ] [ GASPS ] You're awake... [ CHRISTIE ] You're leaving? This feels all too familiar. What? Us making love and you running out the door. - I'm not running out the door. - Aren't you? That's what it looks like. I can't go through this again. Do you expect me to wait for you? Look, I have to run to New York and take care of some things. This isn't about you Christie. That's exactly my point. It never is. My heart can't go through this again. I deserve better. I mean it feels like you don't even care about me. I do care about you! Prove it. Don't go. [ SIGHS ] I can't do this right now, okay? And I don't want to run anymore. I need to go back and face the charges. Why can't we get through this together? [ MUFFLED ] Why? I have to do this alone. This is how you're gonna leave? Just pack a bag... walk out and expect me to be okay with it? You know what I'm up against. We're talking about my life. And that I may have to spend it behind bars! I know, Levi. I'm sorry. I wish I could change it but you won't let me in. You won't let me help you. [ PHONE VIBRATES ] [ SIGHS ] Hey, tell me something good. Yeah, well whatever you do, I need a short escrow. [ HUSHED TONE ] You're going to have to send the papers up to me in New York. I'm not coming back to Cypress. ♪ DOWN LIFT YOUR HANDS GIVE GOD THE PRAISE ♪ ♪ I FELL SO HARD ♪ LOST MY FAITH IN GOD ♪ I COULDN'T EVEN PRAY ♪ SO I SAY ♪ WE'RE JUST SINNERS ♪ SAVED BY GRACE Rachel are you sure you feel okay to work today? Trust me. There is no where else I'd rather be. I can't believe after a lifetime of pageants and being front and center at the church, I feel so nervous. You'll be fine. Trust the process. She's tough, but she has a big audience. If you feel her trying to derail you, just go back to your political platform, not what she wants to talk about. And remember to repeat your slogan over in your head. Right. "Peace in our streets. Peace in our neighborhoods." Good. You like it? Eh, you know, Jenna liked this one. If I was going to a PTA meeting... [ BOTH CHUCKLE ] No, no, no. Now if you don't like the question, just tell her the question deserves careful consideration, but you'd like to focus on what you can do. Right, "I'd like to focus on what I can do." And be prepared for inappropriate questions. She knows it'll boost her ratings if she can rattle you. Every one of her interviews is a potential showcase so she can sell herself to a larger market. Is there such a thing as being too prepared? If you're prepared, you're gonna sound smooth and confident. Maybe if I come off as anxious as I feel, I'll eliminate that "canned drone," that so many politicians sound like. Stay the course. She's going to try to turn this into a street fight. That's when you remind her of your devotion to God. Got it. Default to God. Ella, you're gonna be great. I'm going to give you a few minutes, and then I'll meet you downstairs. Okay. Oh, Rachel... Thank you. Thank me after you crush this interview. - And this is the one. - Yeah, I think so too. And, 5, 6, 7, 8... ♪ Every time I think about my life ♪ ♪ All the time that you made it alright ♪ ♪ Everytime I think about your goodness ♪ [ ALL SING UNSURELY AND OFFKEY ] Hold on, hold on. Why's everybody seem so... Distracted. Okay, listen up. This is your chance to spruce up your face, make a bathroom run. Meet me back here in 15 minutes. Alright? 15 minutes. - Hi. - Hi. - You look beautiful. - Thank you. Thank you... I, I didn't expect to see you here. It means a lot. Yeah, I wasn't sure if I was going to make it myself, but you know... I guess I'm still trying to understand your priorities. You and the baby are my priority, I told you that Tamara. I really want to believe that Miles. Believe me, okay? And thank you for coming to Gospelfest. I wouldn't want it any other way. I'm trying to be supportive. I know what this means to you. Mmmhmm. I know what you mean to them. Tamara... Tamara please. Listen Miles your music is part of you. And I'll accept that. I'll never ask you to stop doing music. But, there's more right? There's just some people at that church that I'm never going to trust. Especially when it comes to you and what you're going to be doing together and... It's about the music okay? It will always be about the music. As long as you're at that church it will never just be about... the music. So what are you saying to me, Tamara? I want you to quit Greater Hope. [ SAD MELODY ] [ SCOFFS ] Can't be that hard to find a time sheet. If the city records are this unorganized, what does it say about the city officials? Surveillance footage is corrupted. What does that say about the city officials? Hey what are you doing? Samantha Pearson is interviewing Ella Johnson. Don't you want to watch? No I'll pass. My marriage to Samantha opened the gates of heaven and let me in. Our divorce after 12 years opened the gates of hell and let me out. Yeah, well... regardless, I want to see if Ella slips up. Good luck. St. Charles, Alvarez, either of you receive word on the surveillance footage? We got a file but it's corrupted. Completely useless, just like these employee time sheets. Hard to make heads or tail who was working the night of the murder. Well we know Councilwoman Johnson had a motive and access to the murderer's vehicle. All we need is concrete evidence, then we can put this case to bed. If finding a witness to ID her at the car lot proves to be a dead end, then come up with something else. Anything. By any means necessary. When's that interview start? Seven minutes. More coffee? Yeah. - Planned Parenthood? - No. - Same sex marriage? - Rather not. Gun control? She's anti-crime, right? We can work with that but no mention of the N. R. A. How about personal questions? Let's just stick to the campaign points. And what is this? Some achievements and community statistics as a result of Councilwoman's activism. Just in case you needed some more research. Thanks. [ PHONE RINGS ] Excuse me. My ex-husband's calling. What is it Noah? I'm getting ready to go on camera. [ Noah ] I know that's why I'm calling. I have some information that might be helpful to you. I'm listening. You know we've been investigating Pastor Johnson's murder. Of course. Who doesn't know that? We got a lot of leads, but nothing's panning out. What does this have to do with me? You can ask the councilwoman questions that we can't. Is she a suspect? Not officially yet. So you want me to do your job, now? I'm just saying we can help each other. What do you have? I'll send it over. Okay, well send it quick. We're about to go live. I'll read it through the commercial break and see if I can use it. Oh, you'll want to use this. [ SIGHS ] [ HUSHED CONVERSATION] - Hey honey. - Hey. Is Mom coming? Yes, she should be here now. - Dad? - Yes, Banana? Are you going back to Cypress to marry Christie? What? Maybe that's something we should talk about a little later, huh? After your mom and I have a chance to talk. So you don't want me to say anything about Christie? I don't want you to lie. I just want you to wait until we have a chance to talk. Okay, then I won't say anything. I keep forgetting how grown up you are. Mom said you might be in trouble. She did? What else did she say? She said sometimes people get in a little trouble for the little things that they do wrong, but that sometimes people get in big trouble for the big things that they do wrong. Did your mom say that I was in big trouble? Yes. Did she tell you what happens to people who get in big trouble? No but my friend said that her dad told her, that you were going to prision. [ SIGHS ] I'm sorry somebody said that sweetheart. Is it true? Hey baby! You have good time? Yeah, it was great. - Hey. - Hey. So, how's it looking? Well, Daren and I still have to look over the case. We present it to the prosecutor tomorrow. - Hey Darren! - Liz! I hope you're doing everything you can. Don't I always? Not to break up the family reunion, but we've really gotta get started. Okay, can we get one more minute please? These are for you. Signed and notorized. So, I guess it's official. I guess it is. Do you need to look 'em over or anything? I'm sure Darren will watch Savannah if we need to talk. I'm sure it's fine. It's time to go baby. [ SAD MELODY ] I love you more than anything. Always remember that, okay? I love you too, Daddy. I'll call you and see you soon. Call me as soon as you know anything. I will. Sorry, I'm late. You got here. That's what matters. Mom, they said they're ready for you. Okay. How do I look? Great. You look outstanding. Wish me luck. You got this. I wish I could stay but I have patients to see. - Can you... - I'll be nearby during the entire interview. - Thanks. - Of course! We need to talk. Let's go somewhere private. What's going on with the medical billing? I haven't seen any checks come through for days. More importantly, when am I gonna see my cut? Don't get greedy. I have everything under control. We're going to need some new numbers for the insurance claims. But that's my end of the business, not yours. Well what does that mean? It means, we're working on it. We? I have a source. Hm? Well maybe I should come talk to your source. Maybe you should stay in your lane. Why? I wasn't aware that you were splitting my half with someone else. I should meet your source and discuss all of our understandings of our arrangement. Pump your brakes, girl. My source does not take kindly to new people. I brought everything you said to bring. Let me have a look. This is a letter from the first lady of the church stating my employment status and my performance records. As well as a couple letters from some friends and a couple non-profit organizations that I volunteer at. This is a good start. We can hold out hope, but the federal prosecutor assigned to your case has very little track record for leniency. It's not like I got a rap sheet a mile long. I've never even been in trouble with the law. Unfortunately, there really is no model for reduced sentences for cases of this type. Look, if that information wasn't for the public why was it on the Vice President of Marketing's social media page? That hot tip circulated through our entire office. What was I supposed to do? Not use it? Miss Farley didn't. Smart girl. She's one of the only people in your office who is not facing charges. Yeah. Yeah. Hindsight is twenty-twenty. And the maximum sentence for insider trading is twenty years, which is exactly what we're trying to avoid here. Now look, let's not get off-track debating ethics. Alright, let's just keep our eyes on the prize. I'm not a criminal Darren. You made a mistake. It happens. I could run. And I'll just pretend that I didn't hear that. Escrow papers on your grandmother's home arrived. I need you to sign here at the arrows and and I'll just take care of the rest because I think you've got enough on your plate. Thank you. Nowhere to run now even if I wanted to. Your political slogan is "Peace In Our Streets." How much impact do you expect to have on crime in Cypress? As a city council member, I reduced class sizes so kids could get more individualized attention. We started after school and job training programs, and set up housing options for ex-felons. All factors that have reduced felonies in Cypress by twenty percent. Your campaign manager was recently assaulted right outside your campaign office right? That was a... that was a tragic event. But, it comforted me to know that she only suffered bumps and bruises. She's back at work and fighting for our cause. Recently, your husband was tragically murdered and yet you decided to continue with your mayoral campaign. There are many people who would say that you should be mourning your late husband. The best way that I know how to pay tribute to Evan is to stay in the campaign and fight for this office. I believe in justice and finding the person or persons who cowardly murdered him and I will not stop until they are behind bars. And I'm going to fight for every victim and every family member of those victims who have known this type of loss. With that, we're going to take a quick break. More with Councilwoman Johnson when we return. Keith, hand me my phone. You are doing great. You're sticking your campaign points. ♪ I want the people to hear this ♪ ♪ Yes, I'm in my feelings. ♪ This is a love song. ♪ Not any love song. ♪ And you can try to tell me different. ♪ ♪ But I wouldn't try hear it. ♪ ♪ This is a love song. ♪ Not any love song. ♪ Thank you. (for the life you gave) ♪ ♪ I'm so focused on a mission. ♪ ♪ Thank you (for the prayers you answered) ♪ ♪ And thank you (for the prayers you didn't) ♪ ♪ Close to you I will remain. ♪ ♪ Close to me, You're like no other. ♪ ♪ When I think about your grace ♪ ♪ I can't help but shout about it ♪ ♪ Everytime I think about your love ♪ ♪ I get excited ♪ I said everytime I think about your love ♪ ♪ I just can't hide it. ♪ Everytime I think about your goodness ♪ ♪ You already know it ♪ my heart's overflowin' and I get so grateful ♪ ♪ Everytime I think about my life ♪ ♪ I get so excited. ♪ See all the times that you made it alright. ♪ ♪ Oh, won't He do it. ♪ And everytime I think about Your goodness. ♪ ♪ You already know it. My heart's overflowing ♪ ♪ And I get so grateful ♪ His love is never failing ♪ His Grace always prevailing ♪ ♪ If I fall ♪ He's there ♪ And He see's me through it ♪ ♪ ALL ♪ Everytime I think about Your love. ♪ ♪ I get excited. ♪ Say everytime I think about your love ♪ ♪ I just can't hide it, no ♪ Everytime I think about your goodness ♪ ♪ I already know it ♪ My heart's overflowing ♪ and I get so grateful ♪ Everytime I think about my life ♪ ♪ I'm so excited ♪ See all the times that You made it alright ♪ ♪ Oh, won't He do it. ♪ Everytime I think about your goodness ♪ ♪ I already know it ♪ My hearts overflowing ♪ and I get so grateful ♪ Gateful [ APPLAUSE ] [ ALL TALKING ] Yes. Yes. Yes. Really good job girl. Give me a hug. You knocked it out of the park. Thank you Miles. I do not know what we would do without you. Thank you so much. Okay well that didn't go anywhere. Round 2 gets better. What do you mean? Trust me. If I know Samantha, she's just getting warmed up. Tell me Councilwoman Johnson, what's your opinion of local crime boss, Rex Fisher? Well like any known crime-boss, I think he should be behind bars. It's people like him that I want to protect this community from. So you don't have a personal relationship with him? Oh no, absolutely not. Then how do you explain this photo of you two together? Do you have a response, Councilwoman Johnson? No. Next question. Were you aware your late husband allegedly owed Rex money? Whatever my husband allegedly did or did not do has nothing to do with me or my campaign. I'd rather spend this time discussing the issues of this city. The police believe that your husband's killer was driving a city vehicle. That's the first time I'm hearing of that. Being a Councilwoman, you have access to those cars. Correct. Is there a question here? Or just more allegations? Isn't it true that the mayor is endorsing you, not because of politics, but because you two are in a relationship? No. Next question. Did you and the mayor conspire together to kill your husband so that you could continue your affair? The only affairs I'm concerned about are those of the people of this city. [ Lt. Hawkins ] What is the true nature of your relationship between you and Councilwoman Ella Johnson? If you must know, we're friends. How good of friends? 7CAX, as in X-ray 27. We got a problem. [ Det. St. Charles ] It's a rare gun only 1500 registered in that state of Georgia. We find this gun we'll find our killer. Wait! [ GUNSHOTS ] [ PHONE VIBRATING ] Yes Ma'am? Come on inside. I have another job for you. [ DRAMATIC MUSIC ] [ SCOFFS ] Unbelievable. I was hoping we would be getting something from that. You think the public is gonna believe what she says? It doesn't matter what anyone thinks if you don't have the proof to back it up. Back to pounding pavement. This might take all night. Then I guess you'd better get started. [ CROWD SHOUTING ] I never get tired of seeing a championship trophy. - Congratulations guys! - Hey-hey! [ ALL CHEERING ] I can get you two a chair over here if you want. Nah we're cool, we're good, we're good here. - Well I'll be right back with your drinks. - [ SIGHS ] No. I'm not tryin' to rain on their parade. - What are you waiting for? - Come on Tamara, we just won the competition, we just want to celebrate tonight. Fine. Fine. But you are going to tell them, right? Miles, you promised me. Okay. [ SIGH ] I heard about the interview with your mom. You and everyone else I know. Some major shade bein' thrown at her about the mayor. Everybody out here's talkin' about it. People find anything to talk about these days. Especially in this town. What's it matter to you? I- I mean, I just want to make sure that daddy's little girl is stayin' focused and not distracted. I'm a grown woman Bari. Do you have what I came for, or not? About time... Our numbers almost ran out. We all clear? Almost. The church secretary knows. - Knows what? - Relax. Just about the fake insurance claims. I also told her I have a partner. Don't worry. I didn't mention you by name. - How did she find out? - Snoopin' around. She thinks she's in for half. Half? - Damn, well- - Half, as far as she knows. Look you know I don't like loose ends Christie. She may be on the fringe right now, but sooner or later, she's gonna want a bigger cut. So what are you trying to say, do we gotta get rid of her? I'm sayin' curiosity killed the cat. I got it handled Bari. When we agreed to be partners, we said that we would always be up front with each other. I was just keeping you in the loop. Hey... You think your mom had something to do with... with your dad? Who knows. In my family, anything's possible. [ SIGHS ] [ PEOPLE CHATTING ] - Okay? - Okay. Just let... I'm just really... We won! [ CHEERING ] Whoo! Sorry it took me so long. So what can I get you guys? Just him, I'm leaving. - You're leaving? - Yes. Tam... The name of the person who was working that night is missing, but... What's that? It looks like an employee number. You right. That's an employee number. That number sequence is different though, from a city employee. Can you find out who it belongs to? Wouldn't need to. I know who that is. That's him right over there. According to this, he was working the night you're talkin' about. How you doin'? Can we talk to you? Yeah, why not? [ LAUGHING ] Well can you believe it? Up top! Congratulations! You are the best of the best! You guys have worked so hard to once again bring home the championship back to Greater Hope Baptist Church. [ ALL CHEERING ] I am so proud of y'all. There's no 'y'all' in team, Miles. No, we couldn't have done this without you! Why thank you, thank you, thank you. Y'all know this choir is my heart and soul. Before I came here I was at a really low point in my life, and I needed to be filled with the spirit. Leading you gave me purpose. And joy. We needed you too, Miles. We love you. And I love you too... and there's a lot of changes in my life right now. Some of which will affect my work with you guys. What are you talkin' about, Miles? I'm leaving the church. - What? - Come Miles, don't even try this mess. - Jus-Just hear me out. - Don't! You can't! I've been spending so much time with my church family, and my music, don't get me wrong, I've loved every minute of it. But I've neglected my other family. My wife. - And we are expecting our first child. - Wow. So if I don't leave you... - I'll lose them. - Okay, listen... A family is a blessing, I mean, it really is a blessing from God, but I don't understand, why do you have to leave the church? Pastor Johnson always used to tell us to keep God first in whatever we do. And he will direct you and crown your efforts with success. We're all here because God is with us at Greater Hope. Outside these walls, God ain't always gonna be first, Miles. Now see, you're wrong about that. God is with you outside these walls, he's with all of us, no matter what we do. See the problem is... by the time we start learning to make the most of life, most of our life is already lived. I don't want to wake up one day and see that my son or daughter is goin' off to college, they don't even know me. I don't want to be the type of father to them that my father was to me. I don't know what I'm gonna do without you here. I don't know. I would never leave you hangin'. And if you need me or if... any of you need me, you just pick up the phone and you call. We're really gonna miss you. So... Does that mean that now I get to lead the choir? Honey child, you must be sadly mistaken. If anybody's gonna lead this choir besides Miles, it's gonna be me. [Cressida] You? [ LAUGHING ] Did I stutter? [ ALL LAUGHING ] Did anybody hear me stutter? [ SIGH ] I don't think I can do this. These men have reaches that extend far beyond any boardroom. And more than enough money and power to make any witness disappear. Levi, the deal is on the table, let's at least hear the man out. You testify against these men... and you can yank the tail of a corrupt monster that goes as high as three congressmen, okay? People that have been on our radar for years. So my client gets a reduced sentence, right? Right now, your client is looking at 5 years, minimum. He plays with us, we're looking at probation, no prison time. So what exactly are we talkin' here, I mean, specifics? Full cooperation with our investigation. That includes providing us with any information from your previous co-workers. Testifying against them in court, and if there's any other information that we need... he'll have to help provide it for us. He wants me to wear a wire? Ummm... so... When would this be? Whenever you're called on. Maybe we should talk about this first? Levi, the prosecutor just spelled it out, I think that's about the best we're gonna get buddy. When would I be able to get my life back? When we get all the big fish in the net. And I mean all of them. That could be years. You want me on a leash until you round up the very last man? Five years or no years. Now I know you have a difficult decision to make... But I suggest you make it quickly, before this deal goes away. Why don't you discuss it? [ BIRDS CHIRPING ] [Christie] Mom? [Ella] Chrissie honey is that you? I'm in the closet. Yeah it's me. How long are you going to be? [Ella] Couple of minutes. Y'know I'm looking for that bag your father bought me, I want to take it to the youth retreat in Florida. I wanted to talk to you about the interview. A couple things that were said about you and the mayor. [Ella] What? The accusations about you and the mayor, we should talk about it. [Ella] Child please... People will say anything about anyone, especially for ratings. I'm almost done... one sec. That's the bag I've been lookin' for! What're you doin' stealin' my stuff again? Now how am I supposed to prevent crime in the streets when I can't even prevent crime in my own home? Girl... Here. Zip me up. Those were pretty heavy accusations about you and the mayor. Yes they were. All right, how do I look? Like a woman with a lot of secrets. More than I can ever imagine. Did dad know all your secrets? Sweetie, marriage is complicated. Your father and I had quite a few secrets from each other, but... that's what happens when you spend so much time together. I've been learning the hard way and I'm not even married. [Ella] What? I've been learning the hard way, and I'm not even married. Yeah but those secrets, they never destroyed what we had, or how much we loved each other. That's why when you find a good one like Levi- If you knew who killed my dad, would you tell me? Or would it become another one of your secrets? Tinie, is there something you want to come right out and ask? Did you have anything to do with my father's murder? What? No! No, I wouldn't dream of hurtin' your father. - What about the mayor? - What about her? Do you think she could have killed my father? I can't see why Pamela would have wanted to kill your father. The next time you give a man a handgun to protect himself... make sure he knows how to use it. I lost a son and a husband. I didn't want to lose Levi. That makes two of us. [ PHONE VIBRATES ] Hello? Levi? What happened? These charges have cost me everything I've ever worked for. But... I made a deal for my freedom. So you don't have to do any time? No. Levi] I'm comin' home. [SIGHS] Alright, see y'all. Alright man. What's goin' on y'all? You good? Gettin' way late... shoulda been over there, boy. [ ENGINE TURNS OVER ] [Police Officer] Don't move! Hands where I can see 'em! Now! You want to tell me what this is all about, officer? Shut the car off. Take the keys, drop them on the ground. Alright, let's get out of the car one leg at a time. Hands! On your head. Ugh! You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in the court of law. You have the right to an attorney. If you can't afford one one will be appointed to you Do you understand these rights as they've been read to you? Yeah. Lieutenant, we found this in the trunk. Bag it and tag it. You two caught a lucky break. Hope this one sticks. Take him away. How are you, Mitchell? Hey Noah, it's been awhile. District Attorney's office is looking for a slam dunk this time. You recognize any of these men? Take you time. It's very important that you're sure. Number three. - Are you sure? - Yes I am. [Zeke] That's the cat. I'm sure of that. Number three. Thank you. You can go. Your witness... solid? As a rock. [ DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING ] Huh! Damn man, you scared me to death. - We good? - Yeah. We excellent. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 