Grand Hotel: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Grand Hotel 
 s1e9 - Groom Service - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Grand Hotel (2019): Season 1, Episode 9 - Groom Service - full transcript 
 Danny struggles to keep his relationship with Alicia from her family; Gigi discovers the secrets that Santiago has been keeping from her; Felix continues to make his way back into Gigi's life. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "Grand Hotel"... Your son is an addict. No more pills. You're going to rehab. Ingrid: I knew Javi wasn't the father. Jason: So you just made up this lie? What the hell is wrong with you? Ingrid? Something's wrong with the baby. I cannot believe Santiago borrowed all that money from those dangerous people. What else did he tell you? Hi! Hey, Dad. How would you like upgrading to a nicer hotel? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Have your people deal with Finn. Time to make this end. [ Crashing, screaming ] I've been falling for you since the moment I first laid eyes on you. ♪♪ We heard the sirens, and then I-I rushed over... [ Door opens ] ...to see if I could help. Mi amor. I-I didn't hear you come in. Detectives, this is my wife, Gigi. Gigi: "Detectives"? What's going on? They're just asking a few questions about the accident at the Finn. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We heard from multiple witnesses that there was some "bad blood" between Mr. Mendoza and Mr. Finn. And you think my husband had something to do with that? My son, Javi, almost died in that accident. How can you possibly think that I could hurt my own child? We've got enough for now. If you think of anything else... Whatever I can do to help. Thank you. [ Door opens, closes ] Please tell me you had nothing to do with this. How could you ask me that? You told me Mateo was "handling" the Finn problem. Is this how he handled it? [ Sighs ] I don't know. This is what happens when you get in bed with bad people. Yes, I know all about Mateo. And the people he works for. The gangsters you borrowed money from. H-How do you know? Doesn't matter. What matters is you lied to me. No, no, you don't understand. I-I-I was -- I tried to -- No, basta. There are 800 beds in this hotel. You can sleep in any one but mine. ♪♪ Room service. Oh, good, lunch. I'm starving. You can put it right over there. [ Exhales sharply ] Room service. Alicia: Is that my dinner? You can put it right over -- I know where to put it. Room service. Breakfast! Finally. Whoa! ♪♪ I kind of worked up an appetite. Is there any actual food on that cart? No, sorry. [ Both laugh ] But you got family breakfast in... twenty minutes. I'll be there, serving you. That'll be weird. Why don't I just tell my family about us and then you can switch shifts? No! I-I mean... Don't you think it's a little soon? Mm, I mean, I guess, but we are gonna tell them eventually, right? Yeah, it's just... I love this part right now. It's just you and me, in our little bubble. I do love our bubble. Once your family finds out, everything gets messy. Okay, well... let's keep it between us for now. Which won't be easy, since I can't keep my hands off you. Well... [whispers] we do have twenty minutes. [ Chuckles ] ♪♪ You're making sure Dad's taking his pills, right? 'Cause the blue ones have to be with food. Jay, you are being a real pain in my ass. But keep it up. You're a good son. Ingrid. What are you doing here? You said I could have my old job back, right? Yes, but I just didn't expect to see you back so soon after your, um... after the accident. I can't afford to take any more time off. And I'm doing better. Plus I thought it would be nice to be around some friendly faces. Jay, isn't it nice to see Ingrid back? I'm glad you're doing better. I got to get up to the Presidential Suite. ♪♪ Santiago: Good morning. Sleep well? Never better. Hey, Dad, I'm going to visit Javi at rehab Saturday. Do you want to come? I can't, but I'm going Sunday. Would you give him my love? I will, but I think he'd prefer some of your spicy quesadillas. I'll make him a big batch. Oh, hello, Danny. How are you? Good, thanks. Can I get you anything else? Um, some berries, perhaps? Oh, thank you. That would be lovely. Wow, you guys are totally sleeping together. What? Dtch! [ Quietly ] We decided to keep it on the down-low. "We"? Or "you"? If her family finds out, they'll want to get to know me. I can't take that risk. Especially if they're involved in Sky's disappearance. Oh, so it's your classic love story -- boy meets girl... boy sends girl's family to prison. Nice. Oh, Alicia, I could use your help. We just booked a big wedding for this Saturday. What? Why so last-minute? Well, it was supposed to be at the Finn. But, as you know, they had that...horrible accident. Right. I mean, I guess I could pull something together. Can I pick my own staff? Yeah, whatever you need. [ Clears throat ] [ Quietly ] You hear that? [ Coffee pours ] I get to pick my own staff. And I pick you. [ Clears throat ] Oh, whoa, Danny, geez. Be careful. Uh, my bad. I'll -- I'll clean that right up. [ Door opens ] [ Door closes ] Sorry, we can't stay for breakfast. Busy morning. Super busy morning. Yeah, so we're just gonna bring this back to our rooms. And get started on our super busy morning. I thought you were not eating carbs? Uh, I'm not! These are for Yoli. ♪♪ Well... Okay. Okay. [ Keys jingle ] [ Door unlocks ] Felix: It's you. I wasn't sure. Don't worry. This room has been closed to guests for years. No one knows it's here. You're safe. Come on, sit down. Wow. I can't tell you, I've imagined this moment for years. It's almost like we're... family again. [ Yoli chuckles ] The only thing missing is your mother. You think she... might want to... see me again? Oh, my God, that would be amazing. Yeah, an amazing way to get caught. What if she turns him in? I mean, she's not that fond of you after the whole leaving-her-broke- with-two-kids thing. Maybe if she knew how much it meant to both of you to have me in your lives again. Guess it wouldn't hurt to ask. Mateo: Well, Detectives, I hope you've gotten everything you need. For now. We should be able to wrap this up in a couple days. [ Elevator bell dings ] A couple days? Is that really necessary? [ Clears throat ] Uh, could you give us a minute? [ Indistinct conversations ] [ Quietly ] Why the hell do I pay you? You need to make this go away. You paid me to stop looking into the missing girl. I did that. But this is different. How? That guy Finn is pissed. His hotel's closed indefinitely. He wants revenge, and he's got the clout to make it happen. ♪♪ You're closing the case? My sister is still missing. Sometimes people go missing in a hurricane. All right, it happens more than you'd think. So, what, she just blew away? Maybe. Or... maybe she had some reasons for wanting to disappear. You don't know my sister. She would never do that to me. Babe, maybe we should do this tomorrow. We had a long drive, you're tired. The only thing I'm tired of is this guy's attitude. All I'm asking you to do is your job. Who the hell are you to tell me how to do my job?! We're very sorry for your loss. If anything turns up, we will give you a call. Come on. Why won't you investigate? Danny... Why won't you help me find my sister? ♪♪ ♪♪ Are you sure it's the same detectives? Definitely. I'll never forget that creep's face. I wonder why they're meeting with Mateo. Do you remember what Nelson said before he died? He knew Mateo bribed the cops investigating Sky. Maybe they know what really happened to her. Maybe. But if they recognize you, you're screwed. Just be careful. Thank you for trusting us with your wedding. It's gonna be so magical. I appreciate that, but I'm not the one you have to answer to. My fiancé is... a bit of a "bridezilla." Oh, believe me. I know all about bridezillas. My stepsister was a nightmare. No bride could be worse than her. Man: This is it? I mean [scoffs] it does sort of feel like the Riviera, but I'm not getting the "Grand" part. When you're done complaining, love of my life, I want you to meet our point person for the wedding. Alicia Mendoza. Hi. And you're the...other groom. Yes. Two men. Is that a problem? No, not at all. It's wonderful. It's not every day you get to be on the right side of history and help an older gay couple walk down the aisle. Older? Did she just call us "older"? Honey, she's twelve. Everyone is older to her. Well, I can't wait to get started. And I promise to make myself available anytime, anywhere. Ah. Great, how about now and here? My inspiration is Prince Harry-Meghan Markle. But, you know, classy. [ Chuckles ] Um, I wasn't that close with my dad growing up. I was closer to my mom, but she started going away a lot, so he had to step up. Going away? Yeah, business trips. That's what my dad told us. I mean, psht, me -- me and my sister didn't even get to say goodbye half of the time. My father disappeared a lot, too, when I was a kid. Wasn't until I got older I realized he actually had a whole other life going on -- booze, gambling, benders. That's a bummer. You said your mom died young? Of a heart attack? Yeah, why? Well, there's a strong genetic component with addiction. And there are a few things you told me about her that, uh... What? Well, I wonder, is it possible she struggled with addiction herself? My mom? No, she was basically a saint. You were young. Kids don't always know. No, you're way off on this. Just thought I'd ask. Things have gone too far. I've got detectives sniffing around, grilling me like I'm a criminal. I'm sorry. But I can't make this investigation go away. Which is why I want to speak to your boss. Santiago... It's time we finally meet. That's not how this works. I am the go-between. That's why they installed me here. I talk to them. Not you. [ Laughter ] Oh, my God. Wait, this bean dip tastes awful. That's because it's a mud mask. [ Laughs ] Oh, my God! Have some more sangria, Mami. Sí. I can't remember the last time we had a "girls' night." Not since you two were little. Yeah, I know. I remember how we used to drive Dad crazy, how giggly we would get. [ Carolina laughs ] Do you ever think about him? I do. All the time. I think about... running him over. What? What? It's my fantasy! Your father crossing the street, me hitting the gas. And bam! [ Laughs ] Roadkill. Roadkill? That's what it's called, right? When you flatten someone like a pancake? So...not a fan, then? If I never see that rat-face coward again, it will be too soon. ♪♪ [ Sighs ] [ Door thuds ] Ingrid, what are you doing here? I'm so sorry. Please don't fire me. I just... needed a place to crash. And you picked the linen closet? Well, I was sleeping in my car, and then it got towed. And I've been looking for an apartment, but they all want three months up front. Look, I know I messed up, and I... probably deserve all of this. But I don't -- I don't have anywhere to go. Lord, please forgive me for what I'm about to do. [ Gunfire plays on television ] Malcolm: There you go! [ Imitates gunshots ] Oh, okay. Okay. [ Door closes ] What on Earth? Jason... put your shirt on and straighten up. We got company. Hi. Mrs. P: You can stay in the back bedroom. It's Jason's. But don't worry, He can sleep on the couch. Wait, say what now? Oh, it's comfortable. I've slept there many times. I didn't know that you lived with your parents. Yeah, I'm saving up for grad school. What are you doing here? She's going to stay with us until she can get back on her feet. I'll be the perfect houseguest. I'll cook, I'll clean -- Let's not go crazy. Down the hall, last room on your left. Yeah, it's the one with the Christina Aguilera posters. Those were in there when we moved in. Are you crazy? You're letting her move in, after everything she's done? She's been through a lot, Jay, okay? Give the girl a break. She's a liar. Her and Javi never even slept together. She's been playing everybody this whole time. Okay, we all do things that we regret. Why are you being so nice to her? [ Refrigerator door opens ] You were the one trying to convince me that she was a bad person. Okay, look, honey. If there is one thing I know, there are no "good" or "bad" people. There are just people. And it's only for a week. It's gonna be one long week. ♪♪ Hey! How'd you know where to find me? A better question is, why are you painting flowers orange? Orange? [ Sighs ] They're supposed to be tangerine. A wedding client is insisting on tangerine lilies, which apparently don't exist. So guess who's painting flowers, one by one? ♪♪ [ Bag thuds ] ♪♪ [ Knock on door ] Hey, Alici-- What happened to you? Looks like you were hit by a tornado. Uh, just...pulling my hair out over these flowers. Oh. Then I assume those belong to the gentleman roaming the halls looking for, and I quote, "the twelve-year-old who is ruining my wedding." Yeah, that would be me. Thank you for the heads-up. ♪♪ [ Exhales deeply ] Okay, so, I'll text you later? Maybe we can meet up for a little bit of "room service." Uh, today's gonna be tricky. I don't get a lot of breaks. ♪♪ I'll make time. [ Chuckles ] Okay, go on. Go. Get. I have 200 more flowers I have to paint. [ Knock on door ] Finally. Well, what'd she say? [ Door closes ] Bad news is she doesn't want to see you. Good news -- I got your favorite Medianoche sandwich. Are you sure? It was a pretty hard "no." Actually, more like a "hell no." I asked them to make it gluten-free, but they gave me a dirty look. Hope you're hungry. I cannot believe you lost Dad. Carolina: He just disappeared! Uh, no, he went looking for Mom. Who will kill him! If Santiago doesn't kill him first. Go upstairs to the Presidential Suite. I'll go downstairs to her office. [ Elevator bell dings ] Okay. [ Indistinct conversations ] [ Cellphone chimes ] [ Cellphone unlocks, vibrating ] [ Cellphone clicking ] Hey. Those are those detectives I was talking about. Okay. Hang back. I'm gonna go see what I can hear. No, you can't just helicopter over their conversation. They'll notice. -No, they won't. We're waiters. People don't see us. Hey, I'm sorry. I didn't see you. Hey, can you help me find the office of Gigi Mendoza? It's the Mezzanine level, with the gold stairs. Thank you. [ Knock on door ] [ Door opens ] May I come in? [ Door closes ] I should've told you about Mateo and the loan. I wanted to tell you a million times. I just... Just what? Mateo's people are capable of terrible things. I just wanted to keep you away from that ugliness. Oh, my God. You're just like Felix. How can you say that? The excuses, the secrets, the lying about money. I was protecting you, keeping you safe! That's what Felix used to say. I went through hell once. I'm not doing it again. Mi amor. I'm truly sorry. What more can I offer? Come back when you can offer a true partnership. Because that's what a real marriage is. [ Footsteps approaching ] ♪♪ [ Door closes ] ♪♪ What the hell do you think you're doing? Here are the personnel files you requested. Mr. Mendoza asked me to cooperate, but I can assure you -- my staff had nothing to do with the balcony collapse. Well, you understand, we -- we still have to investigate. [ Glass clinks ] Jason, what are you doing? Just... doing my job. As a waiter. My waiter job. Can I get you something to drink? No. We're fine. Okay. Ayala: So, that's everyone who was working? What'd they say? They're gonna interview all the employees that were working the night of the collapse. I was working that night. I know. Your file's in the stack. Do you know how dangerous that was? I just got you back into my life. I don't want to lose you again. I'm sorry. I really need to talk to your mother. [ Scoffs ] Well, she doesn't want to talk to you. That's because Santiago has poisoned her against me. This is all his fault. What are you talking about? Your stepfather's not the man you think he is. Gigi needs to know. [ Knock on door ] [ Sighs ] Finally. ♪♪ Hello, handsome -- Aah! Aah! [ Both screaming ] Alicia: [ Gasps ] Oh! [ Door closes ] Why are you in your underwear?! Because this is my room! Why are you here? Why am I here? Taste this! I don't drink champagne. Neither will my guests, if this is what we're serving. It's swill! George, first you made me find "free-range doves" for the ceremony. Then you complained that the flowers I hand-painted were "kumquat," not "tangerine." You're impossible! You're right. I am. It's just... I've been planning this wedding in my head for thirty years, and I want it to be perfect. Why did you wait so long? I met Clive in 1986. In Mississippi. It wasn't like we had much of a choice. ♪♪ That must've been hard. Then the world changed, but... ...I guess we didn't. Just got so used to hiding. You wouldn't understand. Actually, I do. I'm, um, seeing someone, and we're kind of keeping it under wraps. What made you guys decide to finally take the plunge? Two years ago, my mom died. During the funeral, I could barely hold it together. Then Clive reached over and took my hand -- in front of everyone. After 30 years, you wouldn't think anything could be new, but... ...this was. After that, I knew I could never hide again. ♪♪ My payment for the month. I wasn't expecting this for another week. Well, business has been good. Yes. And I'm sure having the Finn close its doors didn't hurt. [ Briefcase opens ] Thank you. I'll bring this to my people right away. [ Briefcase closes ] [ Indistinct conversations ] ♪♪ Ah, I'm sorry. The restaurant was slammed. And then on my way up I saw your stepmom... [ Door closes ] ...and I had to take the stairs so she wouldn't find out, but I'm here now. Listen. I've been thinking. Maybe we should just be more open about our relationship. I-I thought we agreed to stay quiet for now. Remember the bubble? Yeah, I want to pop the bubble. I'm proud of you, Danny. I want to introduce you to my friends and hold your hand in the lobby. God, wouldn't it be nice to go to a family breakfast where you weren't, you know, the waiter? What about your dad? And my job? We'll sign a waiver. That's what Yoli and Marisa did. Look. I know my family can be... intense. I just want to be in a relationship that feels real. I'm just... not ready yet. I'm -- I'm sorry. Oh. Okay. I've got to go hunt down a champagne that isn't swill. Okay. ♪♪ See you later? ♪♪ [ Dramatic music plays ] ♪♪ [ Vehicle door closes ] ♪♪ [ Indistinct conversations ] [ Door closes ] ♪♪ Mateo: What are you doing here? This is the mysterious lender you've been warning me about? You must be Santiago Mendoza. I'm Theresa. Nice to finally meet you... at my place of business... without any warning. It's not my style to show up unannounced. But I had to speak with you. Let's go to my office. It's private. You understand. ♪♪ Ugh! What's that smell? Ingrid cooked us dinner. Yeah, you've been so kind to me, I just wanted to show my appreciation. [ Quietly ] We're not seriously doing this, right? [ Quietly ] Come on. One meal won't kill you. ♪♪ You sure about that? ♪♪ [ Clears throat ] Sit down, son. ♪♪ How about we say a prayer first? Yes, yes. ♪♪ So you own a car dealership. I own many businesses. I'm an entrepreneur. Like yourself. I don't conduct business the way you do. What you did to the Finn? You nearly killed my son. That was unfortunate. But I hear he's fine and getting treated for his addiction. Serenity Sands, right? Checked in last Tuesday? I'm done being intimidated by you people. I want out. I'll find someone else to finance the debt. I doubt that. I was the only one willing to work with you. There wasn't a bank in Florida that would loan you that money. If I had known how crooked you were, I never would've taken it. I'm sorry, but wasn't it you who asked us to handle the Finn? Don't kid yourself. We are two sides of the same coin. You just don't like getting your hands dirty. I will get you your damn money. And then this is over. I'm not a criminal. And I was just about to call the Commissioner to get him to stop the investigation into that balcony collapse. But if you don't want that... ♪♪ I thought so. [ Groans ] Ingrid, this smells so good, but this darn chemo -- I feel so nauseous, I don't think I can eat. [ Quietly ] Lucky bastard. Yeah, I'm not hungry, either. Don't be rude. Ingrid went through a lot of trouble making this. I'm gonna go get Dad's pills. ♪♪ Mm. [ Muffled ] This tastes really... fizzy. Yeah, my, uh, grandma's recipe calls for orange juice, but you guys were out, so I used orange soda. What'd you do in the bathroom? Oh, I-I cleaned it. I had my dad's pills in there -- left side are with food, right side are without. You got them all mixed up! It's okay, son. Doctor gave me a guide with pictures. Yeah, Jay, calm down. It looks like you got some new suckers to defend you. Guess you don't need me anymore, huh? [ Door opens, closes ] Kelly: Look, my eyes are crossing. Refill? Yeah. [ Ayala sighs ] [ Indistinct conversations ] [ Dramatic music plays ] ♪♪ ♪♪ Whoa, whoa! Easy. Geez. Sorry. [ Clears throat ] Hey, hey, hey, hey. Wait a sec. I know you from somewhere. Well, I'm a waiter here. I-I probably served you lunch or something. No, no, no. That's not it. This is gonna drive me crazy. I know how we know him. He looks just like the delivery guy from Sergio's Pizza. [ Laughs ] That's right! He does! Yeah, yeah. Hey, you don't have a twin brother out there somewhere, do you? Not that I know of. [ Chuckles ] Mm. Have a good night. Mm-hmm. Yeah. [ Indistinct conversations ] Oh, hey, Marisa. The girls booked me in for a massage. [ Door closes ] Wait, n-not with you, right? I mean, um, you're my daughter's girlfriend. I want us to be close, just not that close. [ Chuckles ] Don't worry. It's not with me. First door to your right. Thank you. What are you two doing here? What's going on? There's someone we want you to see. Okay. Hello, Gigi. ♪♪ Oh, my God. Felix... I had to see you. ♪♪ I've missed you so much. ♪♪ [ Yoli gasps ] I'll deal with you two later. Now get out! Yoli: [ Whispering ] I'm sorry. [ Door opens, closes ] Ten years and not one word, and now you show up here and you ambush me?! I didn't know how else to get you to talk to me, Gi. I had to try to get my family back. What family? The one you abandoned? I had to leave town. The FBI wanted to put me in prison. Which is where you belong. You stole money from innocent people -- including Santiago. "Innocent"? Santiago is the one responsible for all of this. What are you talking about? Baby, when the market crashed, my fund took a big hit. I reached out to Santiago, as a friend, to buy time, to get out of the tailspin. He turned me in to the feds instead. You're lying. You can call the FBI if you don't believe me. Why would he want to hurt our family? You know Santiago had his eye on you long before Beatriz died. [ Scoffs ] He would've done anything to get me out of the picture. Anything. ♪♪ Javi: [ Chuckles ] So Danny wants to keep your relationship secret? He says "for now." But I don't know. I'm getting the feeling he might mean forever. Yeah, well, I hate to break it to you, sis, but I've definitely been that guy. You know, the one that just wants to have a good time, nothing more. Enough about Danny. How are you? I'm okay. Food here sucks, but... [chuckles] ...guess pill poppers can't be choosers. I, uh -- I talked about Mom in my session today. Do you remember how she used to go away all the time on those, like, last-minute business trips, wherever? [ Chuckles ] Yeah, and Dad would let us stay up late and make waffles for dinner. [ Chuckles ] You think she was an addict? What? Mami? No, that's crazy. We would've known. Wouldn't we? You didn't know I was one. He knows who I am now. That is something I really wanted to avoid. I let my guard down. It won't happen again. I promise. He's gonna regret coming here. Go easy on him. His son almost died. He's upset like any father would be. Can you blame him? ♪♪ I didn't realize you were such an expert on parenting. I'm -- I'm just saying, he's been hit with a lot. ♪♪ Who are you working for, Mateo? You. Always. Everything you've done for me, I'm so grateful. Because you seem like you're getting a little soft on me. Soft?! I've done things I never imagined for you. How can you question my loyalty? There he is. The street punk that was holding up tourists when I took him on. It's nice to see he's still in there under all that hair gel. I'll think about it. Maybe things have gotten a little out of control at that hotel. [ Locker door slams ] Hey. What are you still doing here? I thought you worked lunch today. I picked up another shift. Figured a little extra cash couldn't hurt. So, this has nothing to do with our houseguest? I don't know. I wanted to believe in her, you know? I defended her when everybody told me she didn't deserve it. Well, you try and see the best in people, and that's a good thing. Well, I feel like an idiot. Look, Ingrid needs your compassion, not your judgment. A loss like she's had is devastating. I would know. Wait. What are you talking about? Before you were born, I had several miscarriages. Your dad and I, we didn't even know if we could have a baby. Mom, I had no idea. It's not something I like to talk about. But it all worked out. Because we were blessed with you -- our miracle baby. I guess I haven't been acting very "miraculous" lately, huh? You will always be a miracle to me. But that girl is lost, afraid, and alone, so I'm gonna go home, and I'm gonna eat whatever disgusting dish she puts in front of me. Because right now, what Ingrid needs is a friend. ♪♪ [ Upbeat music plays ] Danny: Sir? ♪♪ Alicia! It's everything I dreamed of. It's perfect. [ Chuckles ] But this lily is "cantaloupe." Destroy it. Right away. You and Clive deserve to have all your dreams come true. [ Glass clinks ] Clive: Whew, uh... I am not one to seek out the spotlight. Uh, George does enough of that for both of us. [ Laughter ] I have to say, I'm just so shocked by... ...my joy. [ Quietly ] I have to go hold his hand, or he'll start crying. The old softy. [ Chuckles ] Honestly, I-I was the one dragging my feet. I always had one reason or another to... put off the wedding. The idea of all your eyes on me, like they are now... [ Laughter ] ...uh... ...terrified me. But I was selfish. My reluctance was... hurting the person I love most in this world, and it kills me to think you ever thought -- even for one second -- I didn't love you. [ Crowd "awws" ] And now, I-I-I just want to shout it from the mountaintop! [ Laughter ] You know, I don't care who sees or what they think. [ Cheers and applause ] ♪♪ He's right. ♪♪ Is that real enough for you? ♪♪ [ Cheers and applause ] [ Glass clinking ] George: Hey! I starved myself for three months to fit into this suit, so look at my happiness! Not theirs! [ Laughter ] Tesoro. There you are. What now? Please. I have been wrong about everything. And you've been right. Santiago, if this is just another apology, I don't -- No. The truth is... I kept you in the dark because I was embarrassed at the man I had become. I kept secrets from the most important person in my life -- you. But that stops now. That sounds good. I went to see Mateo's boss about the debt. But they shot me down. It's fine. We can figure our way out... together. [ Smooches ] The last thing I'd ever want is for you to think I'm like Felix. ♪♪ You know, whoever turned him in to the FBI did the world a favor. That person deserves a medal. ♪♪ Hold the elevator, please. ♪♪ [ Button clicks, elevator bell dings ] So... working at the hotel where your sister went missing. That's pretty ballsy. You remember me? Yeah, and you're lucky that my idiot partner doesn't. Why'd you cover for me? Your sister didn't just "vanish." We had some leads. Things that didn't add up. And then suddenly, my partner just announces that we've "hit a dead end." Case closed. Because he was bribed. I wouldn't put it past him. Look, I want to bust my partner, and you want to find out what happened to your sister. Maybe we can help each other out. [ Elevator bell dings ] [ Indistinct conversations ] ♪♪ ♪♪ What's this? I figured we could use something to get the taste of that orange-soda casserole out of our mouths. Rude. [ Sighs ] It's also -- It's an apology. You know, for the way I acted the other night. No, Jason -- No, no. We're friends. And that means I got your back. Just promise me, no more cooking or cleaning. Yeah. [ Chuckles ] Domestic skills aren't exactly my thing. Probably would've been a terrible mother. Unh-unh. Yeah, I don't know about that. ♪♪ [ Indistinct conversations ] You shouldn't have gone there. You have no idea what that woman is capable of. I'm well aware of how low your people can sink. You could have made things worse. I've lost sight of who I am. And I have to believe you feel the same. I don't live with regrets. Really? My son almost died because of me. I regret that very much. Ingrid lost her baby -- your baby. That doesn't weigh on you? Of course it does. I never imagined things would go this far. Then find me a way out of this. That woman, Theresa -- you have her ear. Talk to her. [ Sighs ] I'll think about it. ♪♪ ♪♪ Thomas? What are you doing here? [ Grunting ] [ Gasping ] ♪♪ [ Glass clinks ] Carolina: Danny, could I get more coffee? Oh, actually, Danny's not here to work. He's here as my guest. So that's a "no" on the coffee? Uh, Alicia, mi amor, define "guest." We're together. ♪♪ Mr. Mendoza. ♪♪ I look forward to getting to know you better. Welcome, Danny. There's a full buffet. But you already know that. Thank you, Mrs. Mendoza. ♪♪ Dude, if you think I'm making you an omelette -- Relax. I'll serve myself. [ Exhales sharply ] [ Quietly ] I thought you were keeping your relationship quiet. I know. It's a big move. [ Inhales deeply ] But Alicia's worth it. I don't want to lose her. "Big move"? Mr. Mendoza said he wants to get to know you better. That's code for "I'm gonna be watching you." Then I'll deal with it. Come on. Let me just enjoy this moment. Danny: For the first time since I got here, I feel like I caught a break. Detective Ayala is helping me, and no one's gonna blow my cover. Hi. I'm checking in. My name's Heather Davis. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 