Joanna Lumley's Nile: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Joanna Lumley's Nile 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Joanna Lumley's Nile (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 Now on the final leg of her journey, Joanna Lumley leaves Lake Tana traveling west to rejoin the White Nile. They were required to fly over large parts of the river as it was deemed too dangerous to travel down it. In Juba, southern Sudan, she meets the local beauty queens who are preparing for the upcoming pageant. It's the on to Lake Albert where she takes a ferry to Murchison Falls in Uganda where there is now a large game reserve. Traveling overland They stop on the way at a rhinoceros sanctuary. It's then on to Lake Victoria, originally thought to be the source of the Nile. In 2006, a new source of the Nile was discovered in the hills of Rwanda. Traveling up the Rukarara River, they come to the source, a natural spring 4,199 miles from the Mediterranean. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - We are traveling along the world's longest river, the Nile, 4000 miles from sea to source. It's the most remarkable journey I've ever made. Wow, it's so busy. It started two months ago in Egypt. It's pretty unspoiled, isn't it? Since then we've met the Nile's most fearsome beast. I'm leaving my sandals on so the crocodiles don't decide to eat. Discovered Sudan's hidden beauty secret. It's like being Joan of Arc going out 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 to choose which wood to be burned on. Met Ethiopia's Olympic hopefuls. Now you are all my daughters. And thought about never going home. I've got to leave Ethiopia now. It pretty much breaks my heart. We're nearing the end of the journey with just 1000 miles to go to reach the longest source of the Nile. - Here we are. - Oh my gosh. Down there is The Sudd. It's arguably the largest swamp in the whole world. It spreads over an area over 12,000 square miles. The Sudd is composed of sort of huge floating 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 podges of papyrus. Completely impenetrable. The Nile pours itself into The Sudd and spreads out and this vast sponge just sucks it up. The silt and the marshy sediments go down six miles. Somehow at the other end the Nile emerges again. Samuel Baker, the great explorer, in 1862, when he came across The Sudd, said it's heaven for mosquitoes and a damp hell for man. That said, I wish we were down there battling through the swamp. But because of widespread tribal conflict in the region, we've been told it's still not safe in some areas. So unfortunately, we've not been permitted to film on vast stretches of the river. My journey along the Nile started at the Mediterranean town of Alexandria. We followed this great river through Egypt and through remote deserts of northern Sudan, and on into Khartoum. Here I picked up the Blue Nile, tracing its path into the highlands of Ethiopia. I have now rejoined the White Nile in southern Sudan. From here, I'm traveling to Juba, and then on into Uganda and then Rwanda, where my journey ends. Juba is the seat of government for southern Sudan. Here, in 2005, a peace agreement was signed ending Sudan's bitter civil war, the longest civil war in Africa. The ceasefire is fragile, but it has allowed something rather wonderful to happen. Well, this is rather unexpected because I'm on my way to meet a beauty queen here in southern Sudan, in Juba, in this rather bumpy and exciting street, beauty queen. Well, beauty contests used to be really popular here in the '70s and '80s, but when the troubles came they were dropped completely, and they've only just been resurrected in the last two years. And the reigning queen, Miss Malaika, is called Nok Nora Duany, and she's apparently very beautiful and very clever, and she's grooming 12 candidates to become Miss Malaika this year, and she will crown them. It's gonna be very exciting. Isn't it lovely that after the war, beauty comes back? The beauty pageant isn't for two weeks, but on the shady banks of the Nile, the trainee beauty queens are being put through their paces by last year's winner, 28-year-old Nok Nora. - You are a queen. Try to look at everyone, all the tables, people eating spaghetti. - I think it's the hardest thing to remember is this thing of smiling. - Yeah. - And looking around the room. And the other thing a very grand old English actress told me, she said she never walked on stage without secretly thinking that she has a secret, like that self control of having knowing you've got a fantastic secret. She never told anybody what it was, so you're smiling and secretive. Here in southern Sudan, these young girls do not have to respect the modest Islamic dress code imposed on women in the north. In fact, events like this would be banned by law in northern Sudan, and result in harsh punishment. Nok, why was it important for you to follow this path and become a beauty queen? - You know, since I was young I used to watch Miss Universe once in awhile, and then when I came to Sudan, I thought that I could actually be a good candidate to come out and be an ambassador for South Sudan. - You said when I came to Sudan. Where had you been? - My family were refugees. We had exiled in the U.S. and then we grew up there, we got American citizenship, some of us, and then when the peace was signed we came back. And you guys got to be closer. - What does this competition mean for southern Sudan? - I think it's a huge step in kind of showing normalcy, and that everybody in South Sudan, they're tired of war. They're tired of all the issues, and we just want to have peace, and we want to do the things that all the other countries do. - Though beauty contests have become unfashionable in the UK, for these girls it's seen as an important way to campaign for women's rights. When the judges say to you Friday what would you like to do with your year if you won, what would you say? - Gosh you're tall. It's so nice to be with tall, tall girls. - Thank you. - It's lovely, lovely. - Oh, thank you. - You look wonderful. Wouldn't you just wish that to be in a beauty competition all you had to do is just powder your gorgeous face, that's all. At home, makeup going on for two hours for something like this. Here these gorgeous girls just pat their faces like that and then just look a million dollars. I obviously only do the same. Thank you. The next day, I leave southern Sudan for Uganda, following the river to the head of Lake Albert. To continue up the Nile, I must now catch a ferry across the lake into the Murchison Falls National Park. Small roadside markets are dotted everywhere in Uganda. They sell everything from mangoes to nuts to a uniquely African snack. I thought I might buy some cassava. In the same way we grow potatoes, these people grow cassava. Which is the best because I've never had cassava before? Which is the nicest? This tuber is Africa's most important crop. Just break and eat it like this? - Yes. - It can be grown almost anywhere, even during a drought when other crops fail. - How is it? - Delicious. Thank you very much. Thank you. Okay, that's actually rendering me speechless. It's completely - That's our ferry over there. I doubt we're all gonna fit on. - When you're getting on the ferry, everybody, you have to put on the life jackets. - Will we all fit on, all the lorries, all the people? There's not very much space. We'll be all like this inside. - No, no, no, no, no. It's okay, it's okay, it's okay, yeah. - But you don't have capsizing, you don't have accidents? - This is the only ferry of the day and apparently it's always packed. I think it's about standing room only for about the next 2 1/2 hours. Maybe a little light walking around. Do deck games. The lake is named after Queen Victoria's husband, Prince Albert, and the ferry is now en route to a huge river delta created by the Nile. As the river flows into the lake, it forms islands and swamps, making Uganda's largest wildlife reserve. For the first time on my journey, I'm gonna get a chance to watch the impressive animals that live in the Nile. This stretch of the Nile in Uganda was made famous by the great British explorers of the Victorian age, who wanted to chart the unexplored lengths of this amazing river. The race was on to map the Nile, one of the last geographical mysteries of the world. In 1864, husband and wife explorers Samuel and Florence Baker were the first to travel upstream here. The local tribes called Florence Daughter of the Moon because of her long blonde hair. They'd already mapped Lake Albert when they arrived here at Murchison Falls. Samuel Baker wrote, "I could distinctly hear "the roar of water, and upon rounding the corner, "a magnificent sight burst upon us." Just over there, the Murchison Falls. I can't believe I'm seeing it with my own eyes. It is just fabulously exciting. That's the Nile boiling down through these rocks. At the top, it's 164 feet wide. The gap it has to get through is 23 feet, so it comes crashing down, all forced through that. No wonder the Victorian explorers were so utterly thrilled when they found it. They sent back just saying we've seen these unbelievable falls, and remember this was the time when America had been obviously discovered and settled, Australia had been discovered and settled. Everybody knew about that, but nobody knew about the middle of Africa. Nobody knew where the Nile came from. Baker said these are the most important falls on the whole of the River Nile, and he named them after the President of the Royal Geographical Society, a fantastic body which then, as now, still sponsors the great explorations of the world. Today Murchison Falls gives its name to Uganda's biggest nature reserve. It covers an area just larger than Cornwall, and is home to the great creatures of African wildlife. Running through the heart of the park is the River Nile. My guide is Zimbabwean, Andy Ault. - This is a fantastic group of hippo down here. There must be at least 60, maybe 70, maybe even 80 of them. - But it wasn't always like this. In 1971, infamous Ugandan dictator, Idi Amin, took power. With no interest in conservation, he told his troops to use the park as their larder. Wildlife populations plummeted to virtually nothing. Then in the early 1990s, with Idi Amin exiled, the park was revived. They seem to be very sociable. Look how closely they stay put together. - I don't know how they can fit all those bodies underneath all of the heads, 'cause you see the heads are so close together. - Yeah. - And yet you know that there's about a 14-foot body. - Weighing what? - About five, six foot wide, weighing anything between two and 3000 kilos. Look at them. They're just lovely, so lovely with their big folds. - Hippopotamus is ancient Greek for river horse. Until very recently, biologists thought they had evolved from the pig family, but now research indicates that their closest living relatives are whales and porpoises. How long can they stay underwater? - Usually six to eight minutes is about a good average. If they're stressed or frightened of something, then they might stay under for up to 15. There's a calf. - Yes. - A tiny little calf. If you wait, you might see the ears come up and spin around. That's quite cool as well to me, when they come up and spin their ears around it creates a centrifugal force in their ears, so that's like throwing bucket out of a teacup or a coffee cup when you spin it around and flick it out. - It's just so incredibly exciting sitting here with them, disappearing. You can't really tell where they're gonna pop up. I'm starting to think this huge head the size of a small car arrives, ears going like that, pfft. I've heard they're pretty fast on land. Is that right? - Yeah. Up to about 40 kilometers an hour, running. - That's the equivalent speed of an Olympic sprinter, and surprisingly, hippos are one of the most dangerous animals in the Nile, quite capable of upturning a boat and crushing a man to death between their powerful jaws. I swear to God if we didn't know what hippos were, we'd be aghast at the size of these things. And they get that size by eating grass. Unbelievable, fabled creatures. - A couple of waterbuck bulls, and a waterbuck female hiding in the grass down there. Yeah, you see they're displaying. See how he's bending his neck? - Yes. - Arching his neck. Now the youngster's being very submissive because he's just learning some of the sparring technique, I think, looking at it, but the big bull, he's being quite assertive. All right, so let's keep heading down. - We push on along the river, dwarfed by huge floating papyrus islands. This was the stuff Victorian explorers dreaded, as it made river travel almost impossible. The swamp provides a haven for animals, including Uganda's largest, rarest, and most extraordinary bird. I never thought we'd see one of these. It's a shoebill. You'll just have to believe me when I tell you this bird is as tall as my shoulder, and lives for up to 50 years. That's extraordinary. It's literally like seeing pterodactyls. They're just phenomenal. Strange, almost animal face. Doesn't really look like a bird at all. Solid gray, and they're very rare. Then we spot the creature that's eluded us all the way along the Nile, the beautiful but quite dangerous Nile crocodile. It's one of the world's oldest animals, and it even outlived the dinosaurs. Andy? - Yeah? - Why has it got its mouth wide open? - Temperature regulation. - Temperature regulation. - You'll see them quite often just, particularly on a hot day, and they'll be lying there with their mouth open to let their heat dissipate. - At this point, traveling on the water would be perilous, with rapids and waterfalls on every bend. So our only option is to go by road. But even that has its ups and downs. Whoops, really sideways. Made much worse by recent rain. I'd like to get out, but it would just be irresponsible because it would make the car so much lighter. I love helping out in these situations, but you know, just sometimes you be a little bit selfless. Yes! Yes, finally. Well done, well done, well done, well done. Just up the road from here, is a remarkable organization that's successfully breeding one of Africa's most endangered species. I'm following Tapan Rashid to see a rhino called Bella and her baby, which is not even two months old. I think I just saw her. Look. Look at the size of her. Oh, there's the baby. She's absolutely massive. I can't guess how high her shoulder is, but maybe five foot at the shoulder, and she weighs what, two tons or something? - Mm-hmm. - Two tons. Going at 45 kilometers per hour. It's actually extraordinarily scary being so close to something which is so huge. Here at the Ziwa Rhino Sanctuary, 50 rangers look after six adult rhinos and their three calves. Tapan and his team guard Bella and her calf, Augusto, round the clock. They're coming closer. - Augusto go back, Bella go back. Go back, go back, go back. Go back, go! Go back, Augusto, go back. Bella, go back, go back. Please cool down, down. Down please. Down, down. - Don't think they're carrying guns to protect us. It's to protect the rhinos from poachers. You just calmed her down just there, didn't you? - Yes, she smell me and she hear my voice. - Yes. - Said, oh, we have to be cool. - Because their eyesight is not very good is it? - No, no, they're shorted eyes. They don't see very far, but they are very, very active to smell and to hear things. Yes, you can see the ears is ever like antenna. - Listening and listening. - Yeah, listening to people. - White rhinos actually get their name from the Afrikaans word, wyd, which means wide. It refers to their wide mouths, which are different from the hooked mouths of their cousin, the black rhino. It's perfectly adapted to grazing the grass of the African plain. Here she comes. La la la la la, just walking very smoothly away. Okay, Tapan. - Bella, go back, Augusto, go back. Go back, go, go back, cool down, cool, cool. Bella, cool. - The reason I'm so scared is that as a mother, Bella's job is to kill us if we get too close to her baby. It seems awfully cowardly, but I'm just sort of always anxious around big, wild animals because they're unpredictable. Here comes Augusto again. - Go back. Go, go back. - Extremely disobedient and very big baby. - Go. - With a mother who's massive. - Go back, go. Go, go back, cool down, cool. Cool, Bella, cool. Cool. - White rhino in Uganda had been hunted to extinction by 1980. Today, poachers are still after the rhino's horn which can sell for up to a quarter of a million pounds each. Can you imagine killing an animal like this? It's unbearable, isn't it? - Just to remove this small, small thing. - Yeah, look, I'm not a doctor, but I can tell you, it doesn't work. Aphrodisiacs from horn, it just doesn't work so drop it, just lose it, lose that idea. Send it across the Far East, this message. It doesn't work, so stop it. He's the sweetest thing, he seems to be eating the mud. Tapan just said nobody has ever seen that before, Bella wallowing like that. Nobody's seen that before. An immense rhino fart. Let's go. So far on my journey in Uganda, I've crossed Lake Albert and followed the Nile upstream, passing the magnificent Murchison Falls. Now I'm going to the place Victorian explorers believed to be the source of the Nile. This is Africa's largest lake, originally called Nnalubaale, it was renamed after Queen Victoria. It's the size of Ireland. Its shoreline is over 2000 miles long. Right on the northern edge of the lake, the River Nile starts. Here, where the water flows out from the lake, the Nile begins its mammoth journey all the way to the Mediterranean. In 1862, British explorer, John Hanning Speke, claimed this spot to be the source of the Nile. To celebrate Speke's achievement is a rather battered memorial on one bank, and on the other, a more polished statue to Gandhi. This was one of several places around the world where India's spiritual leader had his ashes scattered. Just below his statue, boat drivers tout for trade to take you to the source. Well, this is it, this is the Victorian source of the Nile. In 1862 when John Hanning Speke had been searching and searching, came across this river pouring out of this massive lake. You can just see the beginning of it coming from round there. And this was officially named the source of the Nile. Quite extraordinary to be here, but it's such a beautiful place, and those explorers went through such hardship. They slogged and fought and checked and traveled, and I can imagine the sense of achievement because people had been hunting for the source of the Nile for hundreds and hundreds, and maybe even thousands of years. The ancient Greeks knew about it, the Romans knew about it, the Egyptians knew about it. People had come down and been blocked by The Sudd, gone back again. They must have been jubilant when they found this and could say yes, this is it. But oh, John Hanning Speke, if I had a glass, I'd raise it to you now. What a fabulous achievement. But it's too soon to celebrate, as this isn't the end of my journey yet. In 2006, a new source of this great river was discovered, putting the Nile into the record books as the world's longest river. The person who made this amazing discovery is modern-day Nile explorer, Cam McLeay, who lives, for some of his time, on this island in the Nile. His expedition took three months to complete. Cam and two friends were the first to travel the entire length of the Nile, from the Mediterranean to its furthest source in Rwanda. Cam, you're the first person I've met who's done the whole Nile by boat. Tell me why you decided to do it the hard way, which is going upstream the whole way instead of just coasting down the easy way. - What we wanted to do on this journey was to map the Nile and to travel to its longest source. - Yes. - So our argument was that if you're traveling the longest river in the world, then you don't go necessarily to the highest source, or the largest, or the furtherest south, but the longest. - And how did you measure it? - With GPS's, so we used modern technology and we recorded our distance every 50 meters from satellite. - Wow. So accurate, as accurate as you could be. - So we could come out at the end of the trip and say categorically the river is 6,718 kilometers long, and there's the three of us, Neil McGrigor, Garth Maclntyre, and myself, who did the whole expedition. - Do you think the Macs names will be up in the Royal Geographical Society up around there with Burton, Speke, Livingston, Shackleton? Wouldn't it be lovely? - I don't think we quite belong up there in that category, but I still... - But you discovered the source of the Nile. - Yeah, I mean, I feel very proud of what we did, and I'm very proud of the fact that it's now in writing for our children to read, and my grandchildren perhaps, but I think the thing is that it's, you know, our journey was very different to the Victorian explorers, and it was very hard in its own way, but it's in a whole different league to what they did. - This is one of the three Zapcats that carried Cam and his team 4000 miles along the Nile. It would have earlier explorers turning green with envy. When they came across rapids too large to navigate, they used an unusual method based on an Italian concept. When this wasn't possible, they had to resort to other means, carrying their boats, a method known as portage, from the French word, to carry. - One, two, three. - I can't believe how laborious this is, you know? How long is the longest that you've had to carry it? - About five kilometers. It's quite a way. - Thanks, Cam. I can probably manage to take this back on my own, if you like. - That would be wonderful. Okay, things are a bit easier now. - That's okay, she's sort of floating this bit. The English phrase for this is messing about with boats. Oh, oh. - Just about need your life jacket on there, Joanna. - Modern-day Nile explorer Cam McLeay has brought me to Rwanda to go on an expedition to see the furthest source of the Nile that he discovered in 2006. To find this new source, Cam had started at the Victorian source. From here, he drew an imaginary line across the lake to the mouth of the longest tributary. He then followed the Rukarara River to where it rises in the mountains of the Nyungwe Forest. We are following the last part of his route. From the edge of the Nyungwe Forest, we get ready to walk the final three miles to the source. I'm just gonna change this, what I've got in here, put on my boots. I can't really believe it, I can't believe after how many weeks of shooting, that we're going to do all the rest of this on foot. It's too fantastically exciting. To make sure we have everything we could possibly need, we have 15 porters. Hat, put it on. Versace glasses, I think not. Insect stuff, do you know, no. Actually I wasn't gonna show you this now, but I have to, 'cause you'll think it's strange. I bought this in Jinja in the market, and it's my little man in a boat, and I want to set him off on the Nile on a journey back, the journey that I've done starting off here, the very source of the Nile. There. - Shall we go? - Yeah. All right, I'm following in your footsteps. - Now we're getting up high now. - Yeah, this is extraordinary. I hadn't really thought of it being at 7600 feet? - Yes. - The height of Addis Ababa. - It's incredible, isn't it? - Amazing. Oh, look, Cam. - Wow. What we did is we moved through the rock stream from here, and got to a point where we said well, there's a perceptible flow of water here, but really, we can't go any further. - Are we going up there? - We're going up there. - I'm keeping a fair bit behind you because I can see with your manly slashings. - Yeah, give me a bit of space. These are the perfect thing for here, the part where you can't see, and if you need to, you can stop and have a shave. - It's staggeringly hard to get over this enormous obstacle. - And we still have our river flowing beautifully here. - This is the first Nile water I've really drunk. Everybody said drink from the Nile. That's completely pure, sweet water. - Fantastic, isn't it? - Wow. Everything's just... - Yeah, aren't they gorgeous? - Wow, they're so huge. Oops. Crikey. Oh no. Oh no. Whoops, hang on, I've got my boot stuck. - Oh, you're mack in that. - Hold on a second, I'm not quite in. Can you... - I can assist anyway. - That's one of the saddest things you've ever had to do. Thanks, Cam. - 'Cause after all this we wouldn't really want to leave them behind, would we? - It's just 'cause they're a little bit big, they keep getting sucked right off. - Moving around. It's a bit more solid here. - Yeah. - And there she is, still flowing beautifully. - You're such a lovely, optimistic person. I do think you're wonderful, Cam, because if I came here and saw this, I'm not sure I'd say it was still flowing beautifully. - Okay, we're getting very close now. The longest source of the Nile is just up here. - How extraordinary this is. Look. Perceptible water, it's perceptible, because I'm perceiving it. There we go. - All right. - So this is it, we've made it? - Okay, okay. We followed a false lead. I lost the water down there, so I was going to look for it again, but I think we may lose it completely just up here. So let's go back and we'll try up the other one. Look for our perceptible flow. - We're going back. A little bit of. I have to say I'm sort of beginning to... Just beginning to wonder about the sanity of this venture. - Well done. - Lovely. - Here we are. - Oh my gosh. - We can go no further. - Look at that. And look at the perceptible flow. It's like a little crocodile's nose. Just a little drip. - 4199 miles from the Mediterranean. - To tell you the truth, I never thought we'd get here. I had this strange feeling that we'd sort of have to call it off or this bit would be too difficult to do. Or it had stopped, I mean, you know how you wake up at night thinking what if that source of the Nile has dried up, and what if we can't find it? What if our cameramen can't make the journey? What if our sound man is bitten by ants, you know? All those sorts of things crossed my mind. But they soldiered on, so I soldiered on, and we're here, it's almost unbelievable. When I think back to where we were. Following this immense river through five countries, crossing 32 degrees of latitude, traveling more than 4000 miles, has been humbling. One thing I half knew has been reinforced, that without water, we couldn't survive. It's been feared as a devil and revered as a god. It has transported goods and passengers in war and peace. It has drowned villages and nursed civilizations. It brings life to the deserts, and has seen fortunes rise and fall. It blesses marriages. It brings hope for the future. It floods every year, and it never dries up. It's held sacred and holy by many different traditions. I can't believe it how such a huge river starts so quietly. I think I've been told that this water takes 3 1/2 months to get to the Mediterranean. And I brought my little guy in his little boat because I wanted him to do the journey that we've done, but in reverse, the proper way, following the flow of the water, which starts here, a journey of 4199 miles, the longest river in the world. I mean, I think rushing water is going to come here later and I'm going to leave him here. I'm going to settle him here, so in the next rainfalls, he'll start his journey. He's thinking, pensive, thinking of his long journey ahead. I think I'm just gonna help him over the first bit into that bit. No, he says, don't push him. I'm thinking okay, just a little bit, there. You can almost feel he's floating. You could almost feel he's... You could almost... I think that I'm now stopping the source of the Nile by kneeling. There we are. Oh my God, Cam, look what I've done to your river. I'm so sorry. Sorry. I'm so sorry. So this is it, this is the end of the journey. It's kind of the beginning of the journey because we did it back to front, beginning of the Nile, and end of our journey. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 