Pose: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Pose 
 s1e7 - Pink Slip - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Pose (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Pink Slip - full transcript 
 Blanca makes a startling revelation about Lil Papi that changes the House of Evangelista forever; Elektra rethinks her means of survival when the House of Abundance is evicted from their apartment. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 An FX original series. Snowfall. Premieres Thursday, July 19 on FX. FX presents...Pose. Hey. Have y'all seen my yellow coat? I think it's on the sofa. Ooh. -I'm going to class. Have a good day. -All right. No. You don't have a maid service. Wash your damn bowl. Blanca. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 -I'm out. See ya later. Okay. Be safe. Back so soon? Yeah, I forgot something. What is it? Maybe I can help you. Nah, I got it. No, I think I got it. Why in the hell do you need a pager? And don't lie to me. -To keep up with my boys. Ricky? -No. My boys. You don't know 'em. Yo, what's with the seventh degree? I told you about my rules. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 If I ever catch you bringing that stuff into my home, you're out. How come you're going in on me but you ain't saying nothing to Angel about selling her ass for cash? You don't get an opinion on what she does with her body. When you're a transsexual, you take the work where you can get it. She's making a safe dollar dancing at Show World. She's not putting poison on the streets. That shit is ruining our community. I told you, I'm not selling drugs. You listen to me. I told you when you joined Evangelista what I wouldn't tolerate. You get caught doing anything illegal, don't make me your one call. PRAY TELL: The category is... Live... Work... Pose! ♪ ♪ Well, well, well. Don't you want a bite or something to drink first? I've had plenty of bites and drinks since you've been gone, but I haven't had my man for two months and I refuse to wait one moment longer. How did it all go? Sold some, bought more. ELEKTRA: Mm. Are you tucking? My tucking days are over, sweetheart. Come on. When was the last time you got the chance to take a ride in a brand One thing. I ask you for one thing. For that, I was willing to give you everything you ever dreamed of. This is the only thing I've ever really dreamed of. -To be a complete woman. -All right, well, then I guess we're done here. Do you love me or was this all just about the sex? I don't come here... for that. I can get that anywhere. I'm in control here. What I want. What I like. The price you would pay for not giving it to me. I was abundantly clear the very first night that we met at that bar. You ruined it. I'm not ruined. I'm reborn. A complete woman. This is an act of selfishness and stupidity. So what happens now? You throw me out onto the street corners like a Hefty bag filled with last night's takeout containers? I thought our love was stronger than that. I thought it would take more to make you hate me. I hate you... because I love you. Because you are the best thing in my life. This place, with you, was my cocoon. And you took it away from me. Because you refuse to even try. You knew the rules, and you broke them. You lost it all. I give you two weeks before you cool off and realize that the best of me still remains and you can't live without it. Good luck finding another girl who looks like me. You're lucky I believe in second chances. LEMAR: Five, six, seven, eight. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. One, two, three, four, five... Candy. Come on! The theme is Bizarre, -not Halloween. Think avant-garde. Think otherworldly. -This is otherworldly. -No, this is -Freddy Krueger. That. -That's what you're doing. -Stop. You're not... What? I can't enter my own abode without you children gawking at me? -We just weren't expecting you. -Well, here I am. I'll be staying the night, and I need you all to clear out of the bedroom. Hey, that's the girls' room. Where are we supposed to sleep? We have futons. Or fold up some blankets and make a bed on the floor. You have a brain-- use it. Hold up. You want the entire room to yourself while we sleep on the floor? I pay the rent here. Why aren't you at Daddy Dick's place? I'm exercising my independence. He finally threw you out? We had a small lovers' spat, and now I'm giving him an opportunity to miss me. LEMAR: What happen if he don't miss you? -Yeah, who's gonna pay -Don't worry, children. Mother would never let a single man be in charge of her destiny. I have my fingers in many pots around this city. Is that what they call being a slut now? Shut the fuck up! Let's not get ahead of ourselves here, children. I'm sure Mr. Ford will come to his senses by the end of the week. And until then, there are a few rules I'd like to institute to assure that my stay here is up to par with my standards of living. Rule number one, no sucking your teeth! Rule number two, only Mother smokes in the house. No gum chewing, no late-night music, no sleeping in after 1:00 p.m. Well? Make Mother another drink! : Come on. Come on. It's okay. : Thank God you're home. Shh. Wait, why are you here? Aren't you back with that white boy? Blanca asked me to come over to talk. I don't know how, but she found out Papi's dealing. She just cross-examined me like she Matlock. She tore up the whole apartment looking for evidence. -No. I mean, I've teased him about it, but I'm not gonna throw him under the bus. BLANCA: Damon, is that you? Yes, Mother. : Just... just listen... Do you know why I allowed Ricky to join this house? 'Cause you saw his potential? Because you vouched for him. And I trust you. Lies are a form of disrespect. In this house, I expect all of you to tell the truth. Is Papi on drugs? What? No. But he's selling 'em, right? No. If I find out you're lying to me... He isn't doing drugs. I would've told you if he was. All right, tell Ricky to come here. What happened? She wants to talk to you. : Listen to me. Not a word. Sit down. Ricky, have you enjoyed living in my house? Of course I have. When we met, you had nowhere to go. I took you in and gave you shelter and food, 'cause I couldn't stand thinking of you being on the streets. I know I'm not perfect, but I'm trying real hard to be a good mother to all y'all. And you have been. This is the first place I ever been that feels like a home. And we have to keep it safe. So I'm-a only ask you one time. Is Papi doing drugs? No. He isn't doing drugs. You know, you and I-- we're not that different. We know how to hustle. How to survive. We grew up on the streets. But we not on the streets no more. This is our house. And I'm trying to keep it safe. I can't do that if you're not being honest. Yo, I'm not a snitch. Street code don't apply here, baby. He's dealing. At the piers. I should've told you sooner. I'm sorry I disrespected your rules. It'll never happen again. Look, I'm trying hard to change my life. I know this is where I need to be. Look, please, don't kick me out. ♪ What you want to do is you want to go straight down the block, make a left, hit another left. You heard? All right, good. Get the fuck out of here. And drink some water. You look thirsty, too. I knew it. You lied to me. And the worst part about it is that you did it right to my face. -I didn't lie. -Yes, you did. Every time you walked out of that apartment, you came here to sell drugs. What else am I supposed to do? Follow my rules. Find a real job. Yo, you wasn't complaining about where my loot was coming from -when it was paying for your groceries. -You never told me that it was dirty money. You told me that you worked at a bodega. And I believed you. Papi, you put your family at risk. What family? -Ain't nobody here. I've been on my own since I was 13, in and out of foster homes. Ain't nobody ever gave me shit. I did. Warm food, shelter. And you ain't the only one who had to learn how to survive on their own. But I didn't resort to dealing. You could get arrested or worse. It can't get no worse. What other choices are there for a 20-year-old with an eighth grade education? I'm so disappointed in you. Yo, stop acting like you're my moms, 'cause you're not. I want you out by morning. And if you don't pick up your shit, I'm-a put it on the street myself. You're just gonna turn around and leave me? Without giving me another chance? : Where am I supposed to go? Blanca! Hey, I didn't mean it! Hey, you hear what I said?! I didn't mean it! I got all my stuff. DAMON: Where will you go? I'll figure it out. Always do. ANGEL: Make sure you let us know. We're gonna miss you. I'll miss y'all, too. Blanca, you may not believe this, but... I'm sorry. I'm out. Peace. I looked out for you. Treated you as a brother because I knew what you meant to Damon. After everything, I expected you to have my back, too. Before or after you told him I was the hit it and quit it type? That's why your punk ass ratted me out? Call me a punk again. I'd watch my back, punk. -Whoa! Damon... -Stop! You did this to yourself. -I thought we was fam! Well, you thought wrong. This is my house. I ain't going back and sleeping on a park bench for nobody. Especially not you. Punk. STAN: Ooh. It's good. Yeah? Yeah. I ain't never cooked nothing in my whole life. Did I do it right? -It's perfect. -Mm. You're really not going nowhere tonight? No. Got nowhere to be. It's just you and me all night long. -Like the song. -Like the song. So you getting a divorce? I don't know yet. Uh, I think so. We're gonna work something out with the kids. She, uh, says I'm a shit husband but a good father. Kids need their fathers. Especially little girls. What about work? You get fired for beating that guy's ass? No. I didn't. Apparently, that kind of expression of manliness -is encouraged there. -Mm. Now everyone thinks I'm a rock star for leaving my wife for my mistress. So did he tell anyone what kind of girl I am? No. He just said he couldn't tell if you were a Puerto Rican girl or a black girl. We can do anything. So what do you want to do with our first whole night here together? MICHAEL TAYLOR: The skirt, too short, change. Dad, this is the style. -Change. -Yeah. I'm great. Why? I don't want you to get bored of me. -Um... You know what I really want? What you really want? Not that. Um... I want to see your life. These ballrooms you're always talking about with the-with the trophies and everything. I-I want to... I want to see that. For real? I mean, you know what my life is like. It's boring, it's stupid. Every movie, TV show, ad in a magazine shows you -what my life is like, but... -Come on. Only chance I'm gonna get of understanding your world is if you show me. I've never brought a date to the ball before. Well, I'm not a date. I'm your boyfriend. My boyfriend. Your boyfriend. ELEKTRA: What do you mean, "evicted"? This... says we're two months behind on rent. So what? I'm a little late on payments. No-no-no-no-no-no-no. I know exactly what's going on here. You spent every last penny you had on that pussy, didn't you? On top of stealing our Christmas stash, you pocketed your sugar daddy's allowance and didn't pay rent on this place. My finances are none of your business. Uh, they are when it's us who's gonna be put on the streets. Exactly. Hush. Mother will settle this. I still have a couple of furs left. I will sell them for you ungrateful children, because I am still your mother. So, you don't have any money at all? CANDY: She's got nothing. LULU: I don't know about the rest of you, but I'm not waiting around for them to cut the lights off on this place. I'm leaving. Me, too. Fools! Where will you go? -I'll start my own house. That's the gag of all gags. What? If you can do it, so can I. I have the cred for it at the balls. Remember? Oh, my dear children. I would seriously reconsider this joke of an idea. If you were to ever part from me, I would destroy you. Fine. Bring it, bitch. You're going to regret this. Mr. Ford is going to take me back and I will have everything. Is there a problem with the elevator, Anthony? Mr. Ford said not to let you up. A little dramatic, don't you think? I'm just here to collect a few of my things. Everything up there belongs to Mr. Ford. -Let me through. -Keep at it, bitch. Nothing would make me happier than to break your fucking freak face. Do you know where you're going, ma'am? Yes, I do, to the penthouse. Mr. Ford said unpack your things, make yourself comfortable. He'll be up there sometime this afternoon. Thank you. [man imitates bird call, whistles] PITO: Before your moms passed I told her I'd take care of you. If you're gonna go disappearing like that again, you got to let me know first. Was laying low. Hanging at my girl's place. Hey, you got a lady? I gotta meet her. So what'chu need? Uh, dope's not really selling. Yeah. I told you, ain't nobody trying to smoke herb no more. This is where the money's at. How much? Ten bucks a vial. And don't smoke that shit, trust me. Once it gets in your system, you ain't never getting it out. You still got your pager? NYPD been crackin' down. We changed your number. I have to let Carlito know. He got arrested. Had money and vials on him, too. He's fucked. I'm putting Iggy in the parks. I want you in Manhattanville and Harlem. I've only ever done the parks and the piers. I-I'm not ready for the hood. Don't pussy out on me now. You'll be working with my street team. Tyrone's the lookout, he'll screen the buyers beforehand. Jamal's the money man. He'll get the cash, give you the okay. ♪ What happens if I get caught? Don't get caught. -I didn't do nothing. -OFFICER: Yes, you did. -OFFICER: Get him. Get him. Hey, Martinez. You know, the next time an officer wants to speak to you, don't resist. Now get the fuck outta here. Oh, yo, Papi, what the fuck happened? Cops showed up. I got rid of the stash, though, before they snatched me. All right. Listen, I'm-a gonna need you to stay off the streets for a little while. -I got nowhere else to go. -I got you, bro. You can stay at my place. ♪ Elektra? Like the advertisement in the Village Voicesaid, "Don't worry, you'll find me. Miss Elektra stands out in a crowd." I generally prefer to meet gentlemen friends for some fine dining at Windows of the World. I've come to this place before to meet the girls. It's safer... unless someone sees me come in. -Yes, but, uh, none of them looked like you. That's for certain. Are you married, Mr. Bockol? Joe. No. I was. She passed about ten years ago. Accident on our boat off Montauk. So you have a boat? God damn, you are beautiful. Brandy Alexander. Two, please. What kind of business are you in, Joe? I work at, uh, Drexel Burnham. We do leveraged buyouts-- junk bonds. So you're rich? You get right to the point. I just want to make sure that we're not wasting each other's time. I love a good negotiation. You first. I will need an apartment, fully furnished, nothing south of 60th or east of Third Avenue. I will know that I'm loved when I receive gifts, expensive ones. I also expect a weekly allowance in cash. And only after I feel looked after, will I even consider a kiss on the cheek. I am a lady, after all. Of course. That all sounds reasonable. I assume you'll also need a car service to come collect you for our dates? Oh, Joe, we're going to get along so well. I can tell. -Shoot. You have to look this good every time I see you. Mm. And I like a dark color on your fingers and toes. Even in the summer months? Never change your perfume, it's already driving me crazy in my pants. And no other men, ever. I despise a nighttime color in July, but I suppose we must both give a little. This is a negotiation, after all. One more thing. Not every time, but once in a while, when we have sex, I want you to urinate on me. Everybody's got their thing, I guess, right? I like it when you can aim, you know? I'm sorry. I can't do that. -No. I mean, I cannot do what you're asking. I am a full woman. Oh. ♪ Oh, yeah...♪ -♪ Kind of messed up for you not to say that in your ad. ♪ A new love♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah.♪ -♪ Girl, I am done. -You ain't the only one, bitch. -Ugh. Vodka soda for her, please. I'm dead-ass serious about starting my own house. How you gonna do that? With what money? I ain't got much, but it's enough. Look at what broke-ass Blanca did, with just two pennies. It takes more nerve than it does coin to start a house. And it pays off. Blanca's already an up-and-coming legendary mother. Well, you got the nerve part, that's for sure. I need to be in a house where I can express who I am, okay? Not be the expressions of someone's delusions. I want my freedom. And I want you to come with me. We could be co-mothers, joining forces like businesswomen. Just think about it. Nobody's ever done that before. The children would gag. I like the sound of this. We can take Cubby and Lemar, and bring in new girls that will elevate our status-- classy girls. -Yes, no hood rats like in Blanca's house. -Ugh. We got to be all refined and shit. What about that girl you work with? She's always serving looks and she got access to some of the freshest clothes. -Veronica. Not a bad idea. -Uh-huh. And Aphrodite. She's the only one that can come for Elektra in realness. We're gonna need a voguer, 'cause, uh, you know you can't. -Well, yeah. -Okay. Florida. That bitch can vogue the house down. Yes. -Okay! -All right. -We gonna need a name. -Mm. How about The House of Fabulousity? Uh-uh. That is too gay. ♪ Let the music play♪ ♪ He won't get away♪ I got it. The House of Ferocity. Bitch! Yes. -The House of Ferocity. BOTH: Cheers. Ah. Mmm. Oh. How long you gonna go without speaking to me? Look, I get it. Y-You're mad at me. Please talk to me. I'm not mad about the situation. I'm sad. Papi... was my friend. I'm sorry. I know you felt like you were supposed to be honest with Blanca. -I just wish you hadn't been. I'm not mad. Well, I'm fucking pissed off. Say what you need to say. What you did was so disrespectful. What happened to street code, huh? You snitched on him with the quickness. You didn't even think twice before throwing him under the bus, Ricky. RICKY: That's not what happened. You weren't there. -You don't know. -ANGEL: What I do know is that one of his own family members turned on him, and now he's back on the streets. Anything happens to him, it's gonna be your fault. I never wanted this to happen. I got scared that Blanca was gonna kick me out if she found out I lied to her. I can't go back to sleeping on a bench again. And I never wanted that for Papi. Please forgive me. Please. ANGEL: I blame you and Blanca for this. Y'all broke up our family. BLANCA: I loved my mother, but she wasn't exactly a great role model. She let my brother walk all over her. I always told myself I would be a tough mother when I had my own kids, but I'm not so sure that was the right way to be. How do you do it? How do you support and challenge your kids? Well, with all due respect, I don't think I'm the person you want to have that conversation with. I don't have any children of my own. But you have your students, and they respect you. Last time we spoke, you were pretty hard on me, and told me the truth even when I didn't want to hear it. Well... now I want to hear it. Well, you made a choice. And only time will tell if it was the right one. But you did what you thought was best for your family. To protect them. If it were me, I would have done the same thing. Selling drugs is a crime. You allow this one offense to go unpunished, who knows how serious the next one will be? You're upset because you have compassion and integrity-- important qualities to possess as a parent. Don't change. Hmm? They may not grasp the basis for your decision in the moment, but years from now, they will, and you will have earned their respect. That I know to be true. Thank you for this. For giving me some of your time and your advice today. Any time. [applause and cheering, whistling] The category is... Intergalactic Best Dressed-- Bizarre! ♪ Quarter grapefruit, quarter gingerbread man, and totally out of his mind! Judges, your thoughts. Ten, ten, ten, ten, ten. The all-seeing, all-knowing, Twizzler-licorice realness on top. She is coming. I don't know what she's invoking, but I am totally spellbound. -Yeah, yeah. It's just... -it's overwhelming. -Yeah. Are all the people in here, they... Are they girls like you? Baby, there are no girls like me. Stay here. Let me go get you a drink. Okay. A double. PRAY TELL: Mmm! You are what you eat. Dipsy Doodle, dipped in Tang! That's a bold choice, bitch. And I love you for it, honey. ♪ Must be tourist season. No. I'm... I'm with someone. No, I'm... PRAY TELL: Oh. She is poured into that latex. And I love whatever's going on under there. It is steaming hot. I love you, girl. Twirl, twirl, twirl. Dance, bitch. Ho, ho, ho. I'd hate to see what your nightmares look like. You that white boy that's taking care of Miss Angel. Got her fixed up in an apartment and everything. Are you a friend of hers? I'm Stan. I'm Summer. Like the season. No, sweetheart. The season only comes once a year. I prefer to come every night. When you get bored with her, and you're looking for a new girl to look after, -you come asking for Summer. -ANGEL: Uh-uh. Uh-uh. Uh-uh. Uh-uh. Mmm, mmm. Time to stroll on back -to your corner, bitch. Maybe we should go. Well, you got to see me work first. It'll mean so much to me. Come on. I'll tuck you in a corner somewhere nobody'll find you. Come on. I'm terrified! STAN: You nailed it. ANGEL: Thanks. Girl! I feel like he mad 'cause he ain't got a trophy. STAN : Let's sit for a sec. I got... Sorry. You didn't like it? No. It just didn't like me. I'm never gonna fit in a place like that. You don't have to come. We can go get salads. Or stay at home. Or go see movies. The balls are not my whole life. But they're a huge part of it. So is my office. So are my kids. We've been in a bubble this whole time we've been together. And I thought the secrecy was the thing holding us back, but maybe it was what was keeping us together. I don't fit in anywhere. You thought living on the fringes of society was gonna be some kind of picnic and roses? I just thought it would be easier than being a fraud. That's 'cause you're a white boy from the suburbs. I just wanted a taste of what you have. One moment of being true in my whole goddamn life. But I can't. I do love you. Hi. How you been? Look, I know you're pissed. Kicking you out was harsh, and... it's been tearing me up, but I did it for the good of the house. I was real messed up about it. I'm sorry, and I want to make it up to you. I want you to come back home, but you got to promise me you're not gonna sell drugs no more. You know I got arrested the other day? I was lucky I didn't have nothing on me. All I could think about was your voice in my head saying, "Don't make me your one phone call." I'm not dealing drugs no more. Papi, that's great. We'll have a celebratory dinner to welcome you back. Tomorrow night. I'll have Damon and Ricky collect your stuff. I don't need to come back home. I got new mothers now. What Us. You joined The House of Abundance? CANDY: Abundance? Girl, please. That name is as old as Elektra's lace fronts. We are The House of Ferocity. You're joking me, right? LULU: Oh, we're pretty damn serious. Even got a cute walkup in Harlem. And unlike you, we won't throw our children away on the streets like trash. CANDY: But we will have them run errands. Go inside and fetch me a beverage? I need to hydrate before I read this bitch. You're just using him to get back at me. CANDY: Oh, we're using him to grab our takeout, to iron our clothes, to massage our tired feet. And he's happy to do it. And he snags trophies. Bitch, and I thought we was cool. I don't owe you anything. I told you: you are not the only one with dreams. If it's the last thing I do... ...I will get him back as an Evangelista. CANDY: Get ready to work your fingers to the bone, bitch. Let's go before we get fleas. ♪ ♪ ♪ All the men come in these places♪ ♪ And the men are all the same♪ ♪ You don't look at their faces♪ ♪ And you don't ask their names♪ ♪ You don't think of them as human♪ ♪ You don't think of them at all♪ ♪ You keep your mind on the money♪ ♪ Keeping your eyes on the wall♪ ♪ I'm your private dancer, a dancer for money♪ ♪ I'll do what you want me to do♪ ♪ I'm your private dancer, a dancer for money♪ ♪ And any old music will do♪ ♪ ♪ I'm your private dancer, a dancer for money♪ ♪ I'll do what you want me to do♪ ♪ I'm your private dancer, a dancer for money♪ ♪ And any old music will do♪ ♪ I'm your private dancer, dancer for money♪ ♪ I'll do what you want me to do♪ ♪ Just a private dancer, a dancer for money♪ ♪ And any old music will do♪ ♪ Deutch marks or dollars♪ ♪ American Express will do nicely, thank you♪ ♪ Let me loosen up your collar♪ ♪ Tell me, do you want to see me do the shimmy again?♪ Captioned by Media Access Group at WGBH MAN: I want to be on Broadway, on television. I was put out of my house because I was gay. You know, it's just really hard when you want to be who you are. And coming to New York where everything is possible, you know. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here! ANNOUNCER: Pose. All new Sundays at 9:00 on FX. I've been growin' the business. You about to move into the big leagues. Never thought life would be this good, and it's worth whatever's comin'. Stop right there! Freeze! -Lucky me, man. Wait! I always knew you wasn't built for this! Not too long ago, you were happy with just a few hundred dollars. How we grow, huh? ANNOUNCER: Snowfall. Season premiere. Thursday, July 19 on FX. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 