Pose: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Pose 
 s2e6 - Love's in Need of Love Today - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Pose (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 6 - Love's in Need of Love Today - full transcript 
 After falling ill while organizing his annual AIDS Cabaret, PrayTell lands in the hospital leading to a series of unexpected visitors. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Where my boys at? Where my boys at? Nice, nice. The category is: Back to the Future. Bring it like it's 2015! Yeah, baby. I see you, Tin Man. Bring it. It's like Reynolds Wrap realness, baby. Radiation realness. Pop. Pop. Pop. Pop, pop, pop. Oh! Judges, your scores. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Who's next? Ooh! She's giving me... futuristic, freaky Farrakhan. Oh, yes. Uh-huh. Kwanzaa realness. Kwanzaalina. Judges, your scores. Ten, ten, ten, ten, ten. All right, the judges like that one. Lord. Lord have mercy. No, no, no. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 No. I said, "Back to the Future", not Sinbad after Weight Watchers. Bitch, don't look at me like that. Judges, your scores. Just as I suspected. Grand prize goes to one-eyed Farrakhan, y'all. Come on, give 'em a hand. Beautiful work on that face. Mm, mm, mm. All right, y'all. All right, so listen. I have a... I have a... Now, I have a special announcement. My... my-my AIDS Cabaret is about a week away. And my Blanca is walking around with a bowl of tick-tickets. So y'all make sure y'all buy yourselves one. All right. So... the... Pray. Open your eyes, Pray. Somebody call an ambulance or something. Ambulance! Come on. Ambulance. The category is... Live... Work... Pose! ♪ Pose 2x06 ♪ Love's in Need of Love Today - Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. - Goddamn it. - What? What is it? - Take it off. I can't get a read on his blood pressure without bruising him. I thought it was the other machine, but... But? But what? - What's wrong with him? - Yeah. - What's wrong with me? - We're still waiting on blood tests to come back, but based on this bruising and the fact that you passed out, I'd say there's something going on with your platelets. Have you been more tired than usual? Yeah. I just thought that was the old age kicking in. Where are these bruises from? I don't know. I think... just bumping into stuff, I guess. They don't hurt, though. - How are your bowel movements? - Not good. I haven't had a decent shit since I started these medications. We'll schedule an endoscopy to make sure there's no ulcerative conditions. But all signs are pointing to immune thrombocytopenic purpura. Thrombo-who? What? What is he talking about? You have low platelets and internal bleeding. DR. - If this were a slower progression, I'd say it's HIV-related, but, um, something this fast is most likely a reaction to the medication. We're gonna have to take you off the AZT. I'll mix up some erythropoietin for your I.V. to help raise your red blood cells. But we're gonna have to monitor you for a week. I'm so sorry, Pray. This is some bullshit. This is some bullshit, this is some bullshit. Here. Don't want that. It works for some people, not for everyone. And the good news is that AZT toxicity is reversible in most cases. This virus is attacking my cells 24 hours a day. Every day of the year. That is not... reversible! I want this shit out of me. I'm sick of it. I'm sick of not knowing what it's doing to my insides. I'm-I'm sick... of not knowing... how fast or how slow I'm gonna go. You got a lot of life in you, Pray Tell, and we love you. Honey, you're gonna feel so much better in a few days. And I'm gonna be right here by your bedside all week. Yeah, and you don't have to worry about that AIDS Cabaret. Judy and I are gonna make sure everything runs smoothly. You just got to sit there in the audience and watch. And all that good music is gonna remind you of how you got to stay alive. Don't treat me like a child. Please. Please, anything, but don't do that. Yeah, I want to live. Y'all know I want to live. But I just need to throw a motherfucking temper tantrum every once in a while. Can I have that, at least? Just get the fuck out! Get out! I'm sorry. _ - Oh, God. - We both know you're gonna be out of business eventually, but there's no need to sabotage yourself. Uh, my community supports each other. Don't get me wrong, I love gays. I'm sorry, are you talking about your hairdresser or your personal stylist at Bloomingdale's? It's the AIDS I don't like. Well, some of us can't just pretend it ain't there. Oh. You think I haven't lost anyone? Fabrizio, my hairdresser you so casually mentioned, my cousin Christopher. We used to make meatballs at Grandma's house. Kept his pillow-biting secret even after he died of "skin cancer". We all knew, though. It's why nobody came to the funeral. Everyone has felt the pain of this thing. That's why you, of all people, want to make sure no one is thinking about it when they come through that door, wondering if you've properly cleaned your instruments before use. I got one of those sterilizing machines in the back. - Do you want to see it? - No. Actually, put your flyer back in the window, anything to get you out of here sooner. And just to prove I don't have a heart of stone, here's 20 bucks for your little AIDS night. Oh, wow. 20 actual whole dollars. You know what? I'm gonna come and give a proper donation in person. Maybe I'll even sing a song or two. I was quite the singer at Rutgers. I could have had a career on the stage, but I just can't stand being told what to do, so acting wasn't for me. Oh... Hey. Hello, roomie. - What's your name? - Lewis Carter. Pneumonia. Pray Tell. Low platelets. I wish I could say it was lovely to meet you. Hey, Lewis. You two rest up. I'll be back with your meds. Hey. Hey, don't I know you? I don't believe so. I thought I knew all the black queens in town. You ever go to the balls? God, no. Perhaps you've seen me at B. Altman. I used to work there. Oh. She a posh queen. I am a college-educated man. I am not a queen. You okay? You want me to buzz the nurse? Nurse! Nurse! I know what you're doing! It's the drugs! - Something's wrong. - He's having a heart attack. You're hurting him. What poison did you give him? Pray Tell, I need you to get back in your bed. - You gave him poison! - Pray. - Calm down. - It's the drugs. Oh, my God. My dearest Pray Tell, please die soon so I can have some goddamn company here in hell. You know you miss me. Love, Candy. Die, bitch. XOXO, Candy. Hello, Pray Tell. I've come to give you good news, bitch. Ooh, he left the good shit here. Ooh. These Valium make you feel like you're taking a warm bath inside. Mm. Are you a ghost? Or am I dead, too? Ooh. Stunning, bitch. I got this new girl doing my makeup. She used to work at the Lancôme counter at Bloomingdale's, before her boyfriend killed her. So I'm dreaming? It's all a dream, baby. That's the first thing you learn. Me? I'm having the time of my life. I'm doing a photo shoot later with Robert Mapplethorpe. Then I got lunch with Lee. That's Liberace, bitch. Am I'm taking private dance lessons from the one and only Alvin Ailey. So you're spending eternity with people who died from AIDS? That's my Heaven. You make your own. I prefer to be around people who understand me. - You'll see. - No, I won't. Not anytime soon. I'm gonna fight. For what? To go to another ball? To have another drink at a sad, lonely bar where the crowd just gets smaller and smaller every night? You want to be the last one standing? After you done said goodbye to every last one - of your friends? - I'm alive. There's always joy mixed in with all of that pain. You don't know pain, Pray Tell. You may have held the hand of your lovers while they shit themselves and drowned in their own bile, but when it's you in that bed and you got Saint Blanca holding your hand and looking down at you with all her bullshit, you're gonna wish you would've given up gracefully sooner. Wait. What did you mean when you said that those people understand you? Candy, did you have AIDS? I never told nobody. I was always careful. With all my tricks. Condoms every time, no exceptions. I'm not trying to hurt nobody. But people treat you different when you they know you're sick. But... I'm your Angel of Mercy. Take these. It won't hurt. I promise. You'll just float on away. Next thing you know, you're in a bike ride along the river... with Perry Ellis and Steve Rubell. I'm afraid. Everyone is. Here. Trust me. I don't want to. Hello? Hello? - Hey. - We lost power. - What happened? - Let's get you back into bed. - Come on. Come on. - Gracias. Why are you singing? - I'm singing for you, son. - Don't call me son. I'm not your son. That song used to relax you. Yeah. And then what would you do after I was good and relaxed? You've got to forgive me, son. Or else you're gonna be carrying me until the end of time. You don't deserve my forgiveness. But I got to give it anyway. For me. Not for you. I don't remember what I did so wrong. What you did was refuse to tell the truth. That you found my mother so desperate for a man after my father died, and convinced her to marry you. You seduced me! I was 12 years old when you started playing footsies with me under the table! You slithered into my bed under the cloak of night. You said you loved me. Why do we always fight when we see each other? The only time we didn't fight was at my funeral. You didn't say a word. It was so peaceful. I forgive you. I forgive you. I forgive you. I forgive you! I forgive you! Pray. Shh. Baby. You got to get dressed. - Costas? - Come on. I am not letting you dance off with those negative Nancies. It is not your time. Not tonight. Come on. Where... where are we going? To the AIDS Cabaret. Hundreds of men have died in this hospital, and they are waiting. They need a show. Come on. Are you gonna be there? Of course. I'm here for you. I'm here for you always. ♪ The night is bitter ♪ ♪ The stars have lost their glitter ♪ ♪ The winds grow colder ♪ ♪ And suddenly you're older ♪ ♪ And all because ♪ ♪ Of the man ♪ ♪ That got away ♪ ♪ No more ♪ ♪ His eager call ♪ ♪ The writing's on the wall ♪ ♪ The dreams you've dreamed ♪ ♪ Have all ♪ ♪ Gone astray... ♪ ♪ The man that won you ♪ ♪ Has run off and undone you ♪ ♪ That great beginning ♪ ♪ Has seen the final inning ♪ ♪ Don't know what happened ♪ ♪ It's all a crazy ♪ ♪ Game ♪ ♪ No more ♪ ♪ That all-time thrill ♪ ♪ For you've ♪ ♪ Been through the mill ♪ ♪ And ne-ne-never a new love ♪ ♪ Will be the same ♪ ♪ Tuh! ♪ ♪ Good riddance ♪ ♪ Goodbye ♪ ♪ Every trick of his ♪ ♪ You're onto ♪ ♪ But fools ♪ ♪ Will be fools ♪ ♪ And where's ♪ ♪ He gone ♪ ♪ To ♪ ♪ The road gets rougher ♪ ♪ It's lonelier and tougher ♪ ♪ With hope you burn up ♪ ♪ Tomorrow he will turn up ♪ ♪ There's just no letup ♪ ♪ The live long night ♪ ♪ And day... ♪ ♪ Ever since this world ♪ ♪ Began ♪ ♪ There is nothing ♪ ♪ Sadder than... ♪ ♪ A one-man man ♪ ♪ Looking for the man ♪ ♪ That got ♪ ♪ Away ♪ ♪ The man ♪ ♪ That got ♪ ♪ Away ♪ ♪ Ooh. ♪ Thank you. Thank you all. I hope I've entertained you. Thank you. Pray? Pray Tell? - Baby? - Am I... Am I losing my mind? No! What the hell is wrong with y'all? Y'all ain't got nothing better else to do than making all this racket in here? How about maybe cleaning up this damn pig sty? We was just celebrating 'cause Angel booked another campaign. Yeah. Her agent said that this might be the chance - that she gets to get that Guess Jeans ad. - Stop it. Stop that. You know what? That is wonderful and all, but I am trying to put this Cabaret set list together and design the room, and you know how hard it is for me with my dyslexia. I'm trying to book talent, and Johnny Mathis's manager isn't even returning my calls. This was all Pray Tell's job. I'm getting... Sorry, Mom. Sorry to hear about your dyslexia. - Did she always have dyslexia? - I don't know. You're overworked. You're doing all of this, and you're running your business, and you're being a mother. Let me help you. It's... Angel, it's not that. It's really not that. I... It's a lot, but busy don't bother me. I just feel like I'm causing a death. What? I made Pray Tell take the AZT, and if that takes him away, then that'll be his blood on my hands. Stop. You did what you thought was best for him. And that drug is all there is. He had to try it. You know that. Don't nobody can make Pray do anything Pray don't want to do. Not even your ass. So stop. I love you. _ - Oh, thank you. - Oh, hey. Ta-da. - Baby, you look fine. - Well, honey, I wasn't gonna show up in my scrubs. I'm glad somebody turned it out. I spent all week tracking down every performer in the phone book, but nobody was available. I feel like a failure. You are bringing in the money, and a success is a success. I did get that crazy landlady of mine to agree to perform. Well, actually, she invited herself. Now, we need to get started. Where's Pray? - Don't get me started. - Excuse me? What the hell is this, Pray? I talked to Judy. You're stable, you're on the mend, and you'll be out of here in about a day or two. Now, get your ass out of this bed. There are people out there that need to see you. - Are you gonna be there? - Of course I am. Then I'm fine right here. You're mad, Pray. Ha! You think? I got good reason to be. Well, I did what I did 'cause I care for you. You think I ain't never been angry before? Searching everyplace for an enemy, someone to scream at, someone to blame for my HIV? Well, that somebody ain't me. You are my family. And believe me, I'm just as scared of you leaving as you are. And the only one of us who can be mad right now is me. And that's because neither of us know how much time we have left or how many moments we are gonna have, and you're being spiteful and shit, taking this experience away from us today. Fuck you. Fuck you, too. Now, get up and put on some cologne that make you smell like an old whore. - Ex-squeeze me? - Get your life together. The show starts in ten minutes. ♪ Tracy died soon after ♪ ♪ A long-fought civil war ♪ ♪ Just after I'd wiped away ♪ ♪ His last tear ♪ ♪ I guess he's better off ♪ ♪ Than he was before ♪ ♪ A whole lot better off ♪ ♪ Than the fools he left here ♪ ♪ I used to cry for Tracy ♪ ♪ 'Cause he was my only friend ♪ ♪ Those kinds of cars ♪ ♪ Don't pass you every day ♪ ♪ I used to cry for Tracy ♪ ♪ 'Cause I wanted to see him again ♪ ♪ But sometimes, sometimes ♪ ♪ Life ain't always the way ♪ ♪ Sometimes it snows in April ♪ ♪ Sometimes I feel so bad ♪ ♪ So bad ♪ ♪ Sometimes I wish ♪ ♪ That life was never-ending ♪ ♪ And all good things, they say ♪ ♪ Never last ♪ ♪ And all good things, they say ♪ ♪ Never last ♪ ♪ And love isn't love ♪ ♪ Until it's passed. ♪ Thank you. Oh, God, these are shitty times we're living in. But these three kids are keeping New York alive. Give it up for Ricky, Damon and Lulu! Damon, baby. Evange... lista! Wintour! - Evange... - Okay, kids. - ... lista. - Bring it down. Okay, okay, okay. Sit down. - Behave yourselves. - Lista! All right. Listen. We have a lot more show here. Our next performer is actually in real estate. Welcome, Frederica. I know what you're thinking. Who is this broad, and why is she at an AIDS Cabaret? My dear friend Blanca made me realize that I haven't done enough for AIDS, so from now on, I'm going to be an advocate. I've always fashioned myself after Elizabeth Taylor, with my jewels, my furs... This bitch is crazy. First she want to evict me, now she want to be my friend? I even wanted to be an actress like her. I took singing lessons and ballet classes like all the other girls in Scarsdale. But the world had bigger plans for me. The world wanted me to be a tycoon. Today, I'd like to fashion myself after Elizabeth Taylor... with my philanthropy. - Check if it's real. - Shh! - I'll take two. - Shut up. And now... the gift of song. "I'm Still Here", in E-flat. ♪ Good times and bum times ♪ ♪ I've seen them all and, my dear ♪ ♪ I'm still here ♪ ♪ Plush velvet sometimes ♪ ♪ Sometimes just pretzels and beer ♪ ♪ But I'm here ♪ ♪ I've stuffed the dailies ♪ ♪ In my shoes ♪ ♪ Strummed ukuleles, sung the blues ♪ ♪ Seen all my dreams disappear ♪ ♪ But I'm here ♪ ♪ I've slept in shanties, guest of the WPA ♪ ♪ But I'm here ♪ ♪ Danced in my scanties ♪ ♪ Three bucks a night was the pay ♪ ♪ But I'm here ♪ ♪ I've stood in breadlines ♪ ♪ With the best ♪ ♪ Watched while the headlines did the rest ♪ ♪ In the Depression, was I depressed? ♪ ♪ Nowhere near ♪ ♪ I became a big financier ♪ ♪ And I'm here ♪ ♪ I've gotten through "Hey, lady ♪ ♪ Aren't you whoozis? ♪ ♪ Wow, what a looker you were" ♪ ♪ Or better yet, "Sorry, I thought you were whoozis ♪ ♪ Whatever happened to her?" ♪ ♪ Oh, good times and bum times ♪ ♪ I've seen them all and, my dear ♪ ♪ I'm still here ♪ ♪ Plush velvet sometimes ♪ ♪ Sometimes just pretzels and beer ♪ ♪ But I'm here ♪ ♪ I've run the gamut ♪ ♪ A to Z ♪ ♪ Three cheers and damn it ♪ ♪ C'est la vie ♪ ♪ I got through all of last year ♪ ♪ And I'm here ♪ ♪ Lord knows, at least I was there ♪ ♪ And I'm here ♪ ♪ Look who's here ♪ ♪ I'm still here... ♪ Frederica. I had no idea. You are incredible. Well, I'm sorry I didn't give you more credit. - Never underestimate a New Yorker. - Hmm. I've got to make a quick phone call, check on business, but I'll be back. I don't want to miss the rest of the performances. All right, well, give it up for Frederica. Come on, come on. All right, well, now would be a good time to take a little break from our program to look at some of the silent auction items. Remember, dig deep into those pockets. It's for a good cause. How's it going? This shit takes time. - We need another hour or two. - You have one. I'll keep her here, but I want that place emptied and boarded up with locks changed. ♪ I'm going to love you like nothing you've known ♪ ♪ I'm gonna love you and you all alone ♪ ♪ Sooner is better than later ♪ ♪ But, lover ♪ ♪ I'll hover ♪ ♪ I'll plan ♪ ♪ And this time, I'm not only getting ♪ ♪ I'm holding ♪ ♪ My man... ♪ Yes, Mother! Yes, Mother. That's my mom. That's my mother. That's my mom. Yes, Mother! Thank you, Elektra, for that rendition. All right, before I go any further, I would like to announce that, between ballroom donations and silent auctions and ticket sales, we raised over $4,000. $4,000. Yes. We raised more than $4,000 for Minority Task Force on AIDS. And I just want to thank y'all for that contribution. Raising money for HIV and AIDS has always been a passion of mine. Not because I like singing and carrying on with my family, but because... ... I'm someone who lives with the virus. And I'm not saying that because I want your pity. It's because I want y'all to see what this disease looks like. It looks like me. It looks like you. The first letter in-in HIV stands for "human". Yes. And I want y'all to never forget that. ♪ Good morn or evening, friends ♪ ♪ Here's your friendly announcer ♪ ♪ I have serious news to pass on ♪ ♪ To everybody ♪ ♪ What I'm about to say ♪ ♪ Could mean the world's disaster ♪ ♪ Could change your joy and laughter ♪ ♪ To tears ♪ ♪ And pain ♪ ♪ It's that love's ♪ ♪ In need ♪ ♪ Of love today ♪ ♪ Don't delay ♪ ♪ Send yours in right away ♪ ♪ Hate's going round ♪ ♪ Breaking many hearts ♪ ♪ Stop it, please ♪ ♪ Before it's gone too far ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Ooh... ♪ ♪ Whoa, whoa... ♪ ♪ Whoa... ♪ ♪ The force of evil plans ♪ ♪ To make you its possession ♪ ♪ And it will if we let it ♪ ♪ Destroy everybody ♪ ♪ We all must take ♪ ♪ Precautionary measures ♪ ♪ If love and peace you treasure ♪ ♪ Then you'll hear me when I say ♪ ♪ Whoa, that love's ♪ ♪ Love's in need ♪ ♪ Of love today ♪ ♪ Don't delay ♪ ♪ Send yours in right away ♪ ♪ Ha-Ha-Hate's ♪ ♪ Going round ♪ Come on, y'all. ♪ Breaking many hearts ♪ ♪ Stop it, please ♪ ♪ Before it's gone too far ♪ ♪ People, you know that love ♪ ♪ Love's in need ♪ ♪ Of love ♪ ♪ Did you ever think that love would be ♪ ♪ In need of love today? ♪ ♪ Don't delay ♪ ♪ Send yours in right away ♪ - ♪ Ooh, hate, yeah ♪ - ♪ Hate's going round ♪ ♪ Let's bring it down a little ♪ ♪ Love is very peaceful, let's bring it down a little ♪ - ♪ Yeah ♪ - ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ - ♪ Yeah ♪ - ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Just give the world love. ♪ Yeah! I've never seen anything quite like today. Did you really put that concert together yourself? Yes, I did, with the help of my friends. I'm glad you came, Frederica. You know, I really misjudged you. No hard feelings. I would really love to know exactly how you mounted such a production. Do you think we could talk, businesswoman to businesswoman? Yeah, why don't you come over to my nail salon tomorrow. I'll give you a free mani/pedi on the house. Tomorrow's not good for me. How about I treat you to dessert? Well, if you're paying, I want a three-course meal. Perfect! That's two hours of great conversation - with my new girlfriend. - Awesome. Kiki! So, what kind of stuff is there? That bitch. Hello? What does a bitch have to do to get a drink around here? Aw, Mr. Pray. Mr. Tell. You know Mother say you can't have no booze. She said you could have milk. You want some milk? You want some milk. You know you can't stop me from drinking when I walk up out of this place. Yeah, but my voice gonna be in your head before you do. And where's the arroz con pollos? - And the frijoles? - Oh, no, no, no, no, no. We are putting you on a butter diet. - Mm-hmm. - Spaghetti with butter and crescent rolls with butter. We gonna get that AZT right out of your system. Butter's what's gonna flush that gut out, and it's gonna make you gain some weight back. Hmm. Oh, it's so good to be home. It really is. Aw. - Well, eat up before it get cold. - Damn, Mother, that witch really played you. That's crazy, she really kept you held back just so she could close up the shop. I filed a lawsuit at the New York Housing Department. - Nice. - That could take months, even years. Well, that's why I've been taking what I learned from those Act Up protests. Starting at 8:00 a.m. in the morning, ending at 6:00 p.m., we gonna go out there and protest in front of my nail salon she closed down. And that's what's gonna create some noise, you hear me? We gonna shame her ass into backing down. That bitch don't want to see our faces next to hers on "Page Six". You get 'em, killer diller. Now, let me ask you something. You couldn't put some parsley in here? - Or some salt and pepper? - You really gonna judge my... - Well, that's because it's for you. - There are seasonings... - Seasonings are okay. - It's not for anybody else. A crook! A crook! Frederica is a crook! A crook! A crook! Frederica is a crook! A crook! A crook! Frederica is a crook! - Well, are you having fun yet? - No. I think that a real protest needs real people. - You're so right. - Look over there. A crook! Frederica is a crook! A crook! A crook! Frederica is a crook! And look over there. Frederica is a crook! A crook! A crook! Frederica is a crook! A crook! A crook! A lot of people. I thought maybe about... 50 people or so would get the news out. Which is the only reason I showed up. This outfit has to be seen by the world. A crook! A crook! Frederica is a crook! A crook! A crook! Frederica is a crook! A crook! A crook! Frederica is a crook! A crook! A crook! Frederica is a crook! - Shit. - A crook! A crook! Frederica is a crook! A crook! A crook! Frederica is a crook! A crook! A crook! Frederica is a crook! A crook! A crook! Bitch, you ain't supposed to be here. I'm not hallucinating anymore. Get out. Oh, Miss Thing, get ready, 'cause I'm about to haunt your ass from now on. Jesus. I guess I did die and go to hell in that hospital. Nah, you ain't dead yet. You didn't accept my invitation. It's okay. That's why I'm here, to remind you. The invitation stays open, whenever you're ready to RSVP. Every dark night of your soul, Candy's gonna be there, tempting you to leave all this pain behind and come along with me. So, you my travel agent now? To the ultimate destination. Well, you can cancel my reservation, 'cause I ain't going nowhere. I have plenty of fight left in me. Go ahead. Keep haunting me. I'm telling you now, and I'm gonna keep on telling you. It's not my time. _ _ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 