Pose: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Pose 
 s2e2 - Worth It - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Pose (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 2 - Worth It - full transcript 
 Determined to be an example to her children, Blanca launches a business venture with unexpected results. Meanwhile, Ricky's travels have unpredicted consequences for his relationship with ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (cheering, applause) PRAY TELL: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yes. Pay attention! Okay. Okay, goddamn it. Fashionable Femme Queens, honey. This is the category of the hour. These fanciful fashionistas are showing you exactly what they are worth. Maybe you might be moved to step your look all the way up. Oh! Oh, shoot! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Oh, come on, Miss Lulu Ferocity. What you got yourself cooking up on tonight? I can tell something's going on. She said "Oh, oh," she said, "hold on a minute." She said "Hold on a minute, I got a thing to do." What are you doing? What are you serving us? Oh! Oh! - Oh! - (cheering) Yes, mama! Yes! Just a vision in lavender. Realness. Uh-huh. Come on, now. Oh. Spin-da, Spin-da, Spin-da-rella. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Spinning that into butter. You know what? She don't need no scores tonight. Just give that bitch her trophy, and go on and collect that skirt for my closet. That's my sister! - Ow! - Look at Miss Candy. She all happy. Good for you, girl. Ferocity got themselves a trophy. That's a good thing. Now, this is the level I'm-a need y'all to bring to the inaugural Eros Ball. Eros is the god of love. So house mothers and fathers, I need you to tell your spawns to spread L-O-V-E in the form of some sickening looks. Y'all like that, right? And Miss Elektra, bravo. You certainly know how to upgrade a house. - Ha, ha. - Uh, quit it, bitch. You only been here a few weeks. A praise for one is a praise for all. Even that wardrobe? You know, that fur collection has expanded since our Abundance days. CANDY: Where the coin coming from? Indochine don't pay that much for you to walk your ass to a table. Speaking of work, I'm covering the late shift. Girl, it's midnight. Doesn't Indochine close at 11:00? How would you know? We'd never let the likes of you in. Love you, too, bitch. [♪♪] - Congratulations, girl. - Save your well wishes for someone in need of validation, hag. [♪♪] (indistinct chatter) [♪♪] ♪ Shiny, shiny ♪ ♪ Shiny boots of leather ♪ ♪ Whiplash girl-child in the dark ♪ (whips cracking, grunting) ♪ Comes in bells ♪ ♪ Your servant, don't forsake him ♪ ♪ Strike, dear mistress ♪ ♪ And cure his heart ♪ PAUL: Mistress Elektra, is that you? Who the fuck do you think it is, Paul? Of course it's me. Ow! Ah! I'm sorry, Mistress. I'm an idiot. I'm a... I'm a worthless piece of shit. (pants) Yes, you are. And you appear to have helped yourself to my wardrobe. Uh, the panties are mine. I just couldn't resist trying on your heels. (groans) You like giving your power to women, - don't you? - Uh-huh. You disgust me! I disgust myself, Mistress. (moaning) I bet you wouldn't last a day in my pumps. The adversities I've faced would cripple you. - Get up! - (grunts) You can't even stand, you pathetic creature. Stay right there. What is that? Amyl nitrate. You wanna try? I do not do drugs, nor do I approve of them. No, no, no, this-this and a little coke... (sniffs) it'll keep me going all night. You charge by the hour, don't you? Fine. Holy shit! I can't believe I finally found a career that truly fits me. Four days a week and I'm already making more than I've made in my entire life. So does that mean you're finally gonna ditch that job at Indochine? I don't see why I can't do both. Working here brings in the money, and working there keeps my name on the lips of the rich and famous. Business is booming since AIDS. ZEDLEY: She's right. Hand jobs replaced blow jobs. No one could pay their bills. Sometimes I feel bad for these guys. Too scared to feel pleasure, so they turn to pain. I never feel bad for a man. All I know is for the first time in a long time, I feel great. Keep that attitude. - It'll make you rich. - (Elektra laughs) Amen. (imitates whip cracking) (door opens) (footfalls approach) PRAY TELL: The category is... Live... Work... Pose! [♪♪] *POSE* Season 02 Episode 02 Episode Title : "Worth It" Sync & Corrections done by srjanapala (chuckles) What? Angel, don't try me. This is my primo look. Exactly. - Come sit over here. - (scoffs) You tryna get into the beauty industry. - And? - Uh-huh. Ain't no way you getting anybody to give you a storefront if they clock you. You know that. You're selling a fantasy right now. Well, not everyone is lucky enough to be born with perfect bone structure, honey. I appreciate my privileges, but that don't mean you gotta make things harder for yourself, ma. - Look at this, girl. Come on. - What? Not to be rude, but you got shit style. It's easy for you to judge. How many ladies' dressing rooms you been kicked out of? I grab what I can off the rack and get out of Dodge before someone calls security. I don't know if anything fits right or looks good until I get home, and by then it's too late. - I never thought about that. - Yeah, well, I gave up being fashionable a long time ago because of it. A woman don't need to walk in a room and tell everybody that she a woman. Less is more. I'm gonna show you how to do your makeup. We are throwing... - these rags... - What? - Away. - This is my good shirt. And we are getting you... proper high fashion. (chuckles) And you're gonna get yourself that storefront. Mama's gotta pay the rent, girl. You are gonna make an excellent mother. Oh, I know. Clark, keep the car running; this won't take long. - Hi, Ms. Norman? - I'm Blanca Rodriguez. I'm... I'm the prospective tenant. - Are you a PR? Puerto Rican? - No, I'm American. I'm sure, but where is your family from? Your lineage? I'm Dominican. Good. Let's go in. I don't normally rent to anyone darker than my Aunt Lilly after a week's vacation in Palm Beach, but I've had good luck with Dominicans. Hard workers for the most part. Well, that's me in a nutshell, Mrs. Norman. I plan on making this into my own nail salon. I... Oh. I already got a-a-a loyal customer base from my last job. May I say whoever does your nails does an excellent job. It's Ms. Norman. I'm recently divorced. He was half a fag. I walked in on him bent over a Vitra Grand chair getting plowed by our doorman. It must have been very painful. Life is pain for women. That's why we're tougher, and better at being mean when the time comes, and I was mean. Whatever that doorman did to him was nothing compared to the reaming I gave old Randy Norman in divorce court. This building is one of many that ended up in my pocket. It's very special. I got plans to maybe even put a tanning bed in back once I save up enough. It's not special, it's a shithole. But I see the future: gentrification. Do you know what that means? I'm up on most of the newest beauty techniques, but I'm not sure I've ever heard of that one. - New York is changing, Brenda. - Blanca. By the year 2000, there won't be a neighborhood in this city where a normal person feels uncomfortable walking. When you make a neighborhood safe and desirable, good people move in and make it too expensive for the troublemakers so they move out. Property values go up. Everybody wins. Well, I like winning. (Blanca clears throat) First and last month's rent - plus a security deposit. - Okay. (clears throat) Do you take cash? Preferred, actually. For tax purposes. Where did you come into that much cash? You're not into crack, are you? No. I told you, I have a loyal customer base. I've been saving for this for over a year. It's my dream. Wait, I... Don't we need a contract or something? Best if we just do it all over a handshake. You will save plenty in taxes and insurance, trust me. I'll come by at the end of the month for my envelope. I prefer larger bills. Wait, so you mean this is mine? No. It's mine. Never forget that. No, I'm sorry. I mean, is the storefront mine to use as my salon? Yes. Are you dumb? You didn't strike me as dumb. No. No, I'm not dumb. I just... This was a dream of mine that I didn't dare speak out loud and now I'm too scared - to believe that it's even real. - It's real. - Don't blow it. - Oh. (exclaims, laughs) (chuckles) What the hell? Damon? DAMON: Over here. (laughs) Mm. What's with all the hearts? Valentine's Day was two months ago. I'm testing out these decorations for the Eros Ball. What? Hmm? I need an excuse to make love to you? No. Mm-mm. And what's with the, the curtains? 'Cause I knew we needed... privacy. I'll be quick then. (chuckles) No, I mean, you know... Oh, I am so sorry, boys. Hey, Ricky, welcome back. - (chuckles) Hi. - Can you knock? BLANCA: Can y'all go put on some clothes? I need ya to come into the living room. It's a family meeting. Now. DAMON: Can it wait? No. Derek died. (exhales) [♪♪] Oh, my. Are you trying to wake the dead from their slumber? Angel has been helping me with my new look. - Stop it. - (chuckles softly) What you think? If I liked it any more, I'd be straight. - Ooh. - (laughter) Then the dead would awaken. (gasps) NURSE JUDY: You haven't come in for your follow-up visit. Are you doing okay on those meds? Blanca? Why aren't you taking those meds? I'm afraid of the side effects. I told you... we're gonna monitor you very closely. I don't know what it is, okay? I've been studying that bottle every day. I've been looking at the pills in my hands, - and I... - (sighs) But I just can't take them. Is part of the reason you're not taking them 'cause you feel like you don't deserve them? No. Part of me feels like maybe I deserve this disease, you know? I sound crazy, right? No. When you're surrounded by all this death, of course you might feel guilty about surviving. But you can't give in. All right, can you two stop keeping secrets? Now, Angel told me that you went uptown to meet that real estate man-eater. How did it go? Bitch is in the Post every day. Does she really have fangs like everybody says? (chuckling) - No, but she got a set of claws on her. That woman is scary as all hell. But... she gave me the space anyway. - Oh, my God. - We'll be open for business - by the end of the month. - (Lil Papi chuckles) Listen, I don't know if it's because I passed, but I didn't dare question it. I just accepted terms on a handshake. You shook on it? What? - Now what'd I do wrong? - Nothing. Congratulations, sweetheart. I'm proud of you. Thank you, Pray. Now, where the hell are my boys? ANGEL: Not worth it, Mother. - (door opens) - RICKY: "Oh, my God! You guys are so cute!" "Oh, my God. Like, how do you move -(laughing) your hands so fast? You got to teach me." (laughing) How fucking dare y'all not show up to Derek's funeral. Y'all are mad disrespectful. And where were y'all?! You know what, don't tell me, 'cause I can smell the liquor from your breaths over here. We were downtown socializing like you wanted us to? So we can get discovered. Bullshit. Y'all just didn't want to deal with the reality of seeing one of y'all peers lying in a coffin. I mean, you told us to take advantage of this moment, and that's what we did. Yeah, we went down to the Palladium for Sunday tea. And, like usual, nobody paid us any mind. But then I started Voguing. You know, nothing special. Just how I do at any ball. RICKY: And then, like, this crowd formed around us. And the rest of us joined in, improvising. And, suddenly, it was like we were celebrities or something. The whole club went nuts. CUBBY: Mother, you were right. Times are changing. LEMAR: Miss Thing, those blanquitos were living. We drank for free all night. Yo, they recognized what we were doing, and it was like they saw us for the first time. - We ain't invisible - (grunting) to white folks no more. - Uh! - (laughing) Ballroom is about to be more popular than Studio 54 ever was. Ballroom is not a trend, nor is it about some flashy dance moves. Ballroom is about family, something y'all didn't show up for today. You know what? I'm tired of looking at y'all faces. Go to y'all room. And drink some water. (indistinct chatter) (sighs) - ♪ Talk to me, baby ♪ - CANDY: You and Florida can dance. Elektra and Aphrodite serve realness. Veronica... Uh, Veronica... She's a seamstress, girl. That takes skills. You know what, you right. I can't be measuring everybody's worth based off what they can do under the ballroom spotlight. A behind-the-scenes bitch is necessary to every house. And, um, what exactly are your strengths? Fuck is that supposed to mean? ♪ 'Cause you know you're... ♪ Enough with all that stomping. I'm sure you girls have worked up an appetite. - (music stops) - What do we have here? This is a menu fit for the runway. This absolutely will not do. There better be some Chinese takeout on the way. We don't do MSG. We're dieting. Then why is she serving milkshakes? LULU: It's SlimFast. You've seen the commercials. "Give us a week and we'll take off the weight." CANDY: Our house, our menu, our rules. It truly is a lovely house. Thank you, bitch. Our cuisine should be as equally impressive, don't you think? The rent broke my little piggy bank's back. I spent what was left on some Orville Redenbacher, some SlimFast, and a manicure. My nails were ravaged after all these errands. Any of you hos got any complaints? They do look good, Mama. Look, it's not about what's on the plate. Hmm? It's about communion, conversation, and the sisterhood. Here. It's good for your metabolism. (exhales) (clicks tongue) ELEKTRA: Well, sisters, I must bring up the fact that I'm in need of more closet space. That broom closet you gave me can only store my hatboxes and gloves. Where am I supposed to put my clothes, my coats, my jewelry? There's only one other closet. It's in my room, and I share that with Lulu. You gonna share your fine luxuries with us? Huh. Use the space under your bed for storage. That is no way to store luxury. - Candy, wait, I think... - Uh-uh. This is my house. It's my closet, and it's allocated. You are a guest. You ain't talking to Blanca, bitch. Remember that. You're right. This is your house. Glad you recognize that. You've made me realize something. I've gone about this all wrong. I keep making space for you, Candy, for Lulu, for Blanca. Something in me keeps bringing me back to those girls I raised. But why? Why do I keep lowering myself by associating with you tired, old, raggedy reminders of my failure as a mother?! You ain't got no business calling anybody old. You ain't nothing but a over-the-hill, homeless sex change. - (gasping) - ELEKTRA: That's it. That's where it all started. I got my operation and Mr. Ford left me and I got soft. I became weak, insecure. But no more. What I now realize is I am the one and only Elektra. - (gasping) - What the fuck?! Bitch, what is this?! ("Bad Girls" by Donna Summer playing) It's called my new signature move. I'll send for my things. ELEKTRA: Hello, my dear. Sorry. We're closed, hon. I'm starting a new house, and I need a girl like you. Ain't no white girls in ballroom. Consider this affirmative action. I am building the fiercest house ballroom has ever seen. I dominate runway. But dance is the future. ♪ Beep beep ♪ And if I want to snatch trophies, I need children who will Vogue the house down. The legendary and iconic Madonna has seen to that. Her song's number ten this week with a bullet. You're better than this, Jazmine. Only a fool would count out a beauty, a talent like you. Stand by my side, and I promise I will unleash your fullest potential. - ♪ If the price is right ♪ - ♪ Beep beep. ♪ - (cheering) - It's story time, children. Mother Goose is about to tuck... you... in with fairy tales dripped in romance - and drama. - (whooping) All right, up first, Evangelista. ("Fly Robin Fly" by Silver Convention playing) Romeo, Romeo, where art thou, Romeo? (whooping) My Juliet! - CANDY: Drink! - (shouting) Drink! Drink! (exclaiming) ♪ Fly, robin, fly ♪ (high-pitched crying) Romeo! ♪ Fly, robin, fly ♪ (exaggerated crying) ♪ Up, up to the sky ♪ MAN: You better die, bitch! (gasping) (exaggerated choking) (cheering and applause) All right. Well, Lil Papi is certainly putting that GED to good use, y'all. Y'all gonna learn y'all Shakespeare on tonight! Give them a hand for that fabulous, fabulous interpretation. Y'all take a bow! Now, what story is Ferocity telling? - (cheering) - Oh, I think I know what this one is... From rags to bitches, y'all. I think somebody wants to go to the ball. (whooping) FLORIDA: And who are you? It's me, your fairy godmother, here to get you ready for the ball, Cinderella. (cheering) PRAY TELL: Oh! Oh...! Who brought Shabbat shalom?! She's going to the goddamn ball! All right, bibbidi-bibbidi-boo, bitch! Yes! Oh! House of Ferocity is not playing with these Disney classics. - I s... Oh! - (gasping) - What on earth is going on? - (indistinct chatter) Who did not pay the light bill?! (murmuring, whooping) Elektra, we're in the middle of a category. We're not here to walk. (whooping) Then why are you pulling stunts, bitch? - (gasping, murmuring) - We're making an entrance. May we introduce ourselves? BLANCA: Pray Tell, they can't be storming balls like this, interrupting festivities, just to make a statement. They not welcome with Snow White in tow. - (gasping) - Shush, mongrel. - (gasping) - Enough of your lip, Elektra. (shouting) It's hammer time, bitch. (shrieking, shouting) You about to get that fourth face-lift, bitch. I've come prepared to gut you like the fish you'll never be! (gasping) Security, come out here and break this shit up. - Break it up! - (shouting) Break it up! This is a ball, not a brawl! All I wanted to do was introduce my house. Aren't I worthy of that, considering all the glory I brought to ballroom? The council has spoken. No, bitch. - (cheering) - Bye, Elektra. Get your paws off me, beasts. (booing, hissing) We are the House of Wintour, named after the legendary editor in chief of the sacred text that is Vogue. (light cheering) Quake in fear, children. Wintour is coming. (whooping, gasping) - LEMAR: Mother. - Mother? Mother. That house is banjee. - Take us back. - BLANCA: What? (indistinct chatter) PRAY TELL: Those two house-hopping bitches. This shit is above my pay grade. - I need a break. - (microphone feedback) - ♪ You better watch your man ♪ - ♪ You better watch your man ♪ ♪ 'Cause, girl, he's doing ♪ You look like you could use a drink. No, I'm good. And I'm Chris. Have a drink with me. I'm looking for true love. (chuckles softly) Sorry, I'm not available. Mm. They never are. (chuckles) At the start. You're cuter than I imagined. Don't tell me... You've seen me in your dreams. No. In photos. I was Ricky's bunkmate on tour. - Chris, you said? - Mm. He never mentioned you. (chuckles) Course not. Can't be guilty of a crime no one knows you committed. You know what? You're a liar. I trust Ricky. I don't have no reason not to. I am your reason. I fucked your man, and everybody knows it. You know what? You got a lot to say, and you need to just squash it, okay? - I don't really understand... - She claims she didn't suspect, but, uh, that gut tells a different story. - What? - Is it true? Did you sleep with him - while you were on tour? - What? Babe, no. I... Sleep with Chris? I would never do that to you. That's not what you were saying all summer. - Will you back the fuck up? - Oh! Don't be mad at me. Don't be mad at me. You're the one in denial. What'd you think he was doing every time you called - and couldn't reach him? - Hmm? Playing cards? Know what, can you shut your fucking mouth? Why don't you drop ten pounds? Hmm? Move out the fucking way. Keep talking! (indistinct shouting) Is this really fucking happening again? Another fight? I'm shutting this ball down until you bitches learn how to act. Get out of here and get some common sense. Get out! Get out! We got other shit to worry about right now. Y'all fighting each other. Fuck! BLANCA: Y'all have been going back and forth about this for hours. Why don't y'all just go to bed - and talk about it tomorrow? - No, we're not gonna do that! No, we're gonna talk about it right now! Now swear to me. Swear it's a lie. Tell all the Evangelistas that you're not a cheater. - Go ahead! - It's not true. - I would never do that to you. - Why wouldn't you tell me that there was another gay guy dancing with you? I mean, it's a concert tour. Aren't all the dancers gay? Can you please give them some privacy? - Why you staying? - So they don't murder each other. And then to think you told me that all the guys you were dancing with were straight! So you lied to me now?! I didn't tell you about Chris because if I did, you would just jump to conclusions. You always so jealous. Oh, so now I'm always jealous. - When have I ever been jealous?! - RICKY: You right. DAMON: What the fuck you laughing at? - Huh?! - You right. You ain't never jealous. (chuckles): You don't ever jump to conclusions. - I'm the crazy one. - You know what? I don't even trust your ass anymore. And to think I let you talk me into not wearing a condom! - Again! - Excuse me? I thought we had a conversation about safety. No, well, I thought we were being monogamous. (exhales) (door closes) (dog barks) ELIZABETH: What are the dogs' names? This one is Cash, and the one on my left is Credit. Make sure that makes it in the story. I'll do my best. (growling) I told your editor the only way I'm agreeing to this is if I have some editorial control. I'm not letting you write - some torpedo piece. - My angle was going to be that powerful women can have it all - even after a tough divorce. - Oh. - Well, I like that. - (door opens, closes) Jonas, where have you been? And why can't you wear a suit? - You're an executive now. - (barks) My portfolio is the largest of any female real estate owner in the city, probably the world. But I like to keep the organization streamlined. Efficiency. Jonas is the executive vice president. - I was out making collections. - (dog barks) He personally oversees the collection of rents. It gives him a chance to check in on every property. A personal touch that can only happen in a family business. This is Umbro. It's more expensive than a Ralph Lauren suit. (dogs growling) Let's take a break, Elizabeth. Would you excuse us a moment? Don't ever flash cash in front of a reporter again. Do you want the IRS on our asses? And stop using the word "collections." You sound like a mafioso. You know that storefront you rented out yesterday? I went to check with the electrician, and I ran into the new tenant. You know it's a guy, right? The Dominican? (laughs): You're out of your mind. You're too busy being superior to people to actually look at them. I'm telling you, that's a man. (growls) If that's true, he has to go. JONAS: Excuse me, what's your name again? - Uh, Blanca. - Blanca, yeah. How you doing? Listen, I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but this ain't gonna work out. You got to go. - What are you talking about? - This is your money. Thank you very much, - but my mother wants you out of here. - Are you kidding me? - Your mother? - I don't want to hear it. You're out. You know, I'm gonna have... JONAS: You have to the end of the day. End of the day. BLANCA: Got a landlord and her ogre spawn. He said he wasn't renting to me no more. - I got clocked. - That's a damn shame. You ain't even polished a fingernail up in that dump yet. Girl, I'm sorry. I'm just saying. I'm just saying they can't be evicting you like that. It's illegal. Since when a poor, brown transsexual got any rights? Plus, there ain't no paper trail to even prove I was even there. I paid her cash. She didn't make me sign nothing. - (sighs) - How could I be so stupid? And you don't even want to know Damon's drama. Not only is he accusing Ricky of sticking his penis in anything that walks, but he just admitted to me that they doing it raw. - Oh, girl. - What the hell do I have to do to get through to him? To make him see that he is way too valuable - to be taking risks like that? - You know, gay black boys ain't never been trained to have a dollop of self-belief. You know that. And even if he did value himself enough to use protection, he ain't thinking about tomorrow when he's laid up there with Ricky. - Well... - You and I have both been where they are. How you think we got here? Wait, that's it. They need to know that I've been where they are, that I understand their struggle. Shit, if I would've known my worth at their age, maybe I would've made some smarter choices. Yes. Listen. You are their mother. Set an example. They need to see you out there righting them wrongs now, too. If you're not willing to go defend yourself against that landlady, how do you expect your children to ever fight for themselves? BLANCA (whispers): Oh, God. You are trespassing. I paid you first and last. This is my place for at least two months. You deceived me. I can work with thieves and murderers, but I cannot do business with... a liar. Norman Properties reserves the right to evict tenants - at any time. - Wait, I'm sorry. Was that written in my rental contract? The one you told me we didn't need? You know, I talked to those nice people at New York City Commission of Human Rights. They're in charge of making sure people like you don't discriminate against people of color when renting to us, and they set me up with a nice lawyer pro bono. And she said without a contract, I've got squatter's rights, and I should stay put - until I have my day in court. - Sweetheart, I've got an entire law firm on retainer. I've got the best Jews from Harvard and Yale - ready to squash you like a bug. - You know, for the first time in my life, I'm fighting back to the bitter end. I'm not here to gentrify neighborhoods so white ladies like you can feel comfortable walking down the street. I'm here for me. It's not just Jews I have in my Rolodex. I've got Italians, Russians. Ones that can be very persuasive. - Are you threatening me? - Only your kneecaps. You think I'm scared of a beating? I've had more beatings than you've had breakfast. Now shoo. I have a grand opening in two days. - You'll hear from my lawyers. - (gasps) Good. It's on. DAMON: It feels so good to have Cubby and Lemar and Elektra out of this house. It was getting too crowded in here. You're not gonna be saying that when they dancing for another house at the next ball and we on the bottom again. I've seen plenty of bottoms flip and become tops. - It's not that hard, so work it out. - (all laugh) All right, all right, enough playing. Enough playing around. I got to talk to y'all about something serious. Ricky, Damon, I was stunned to hear that y'all two are still having unprotected sex. I thought all those funerals we've been going to would scare you into being responsible, but apparently... I need to take some more direct action, so... - This is not happening right now. - Uh-uh. No. - No, no, no, no, no, no. - A cucumber? - No. No. - We are going to take - some proper condom application, so... - That's so embarrassing. - All right. - Now, I recommend pre-lube when putting it on so it doesn't break and during penetration. During penetration. LIL PAPI: Hey, remind me to skip the salad for dinner tomorrow, you know what I'm saying? - (hits table) - Shut your mouths! You think you're so special, this thing is just gonna skip on over you, but you're not. Tell them. All right, I'm-a tell y'all the hard truth. You boys are young, black, gay, and poor. This world despises you. You get this disease, you die, they feel relieved that you're getting what you deserve. And living in a world like that can make you feel desperate for love. Now, if you want to be healthy and do it the healthy way, you can do it like how our community does by forming houses. But it is much faster if you do it in an unhealthy way. And that's what I did back then when I started in this world in '83 or so, when none of us understood this plague. (sighs) I thought the only way to find love was with my body. So I would go out to a club, get a little drunk, find me a man that would love me for a while. And even in those moments when his arms were around me, I believed he loved me. We didn't know each other's names. I just would convince myself that it would feel like that forever. But it didn't. So I would find another and then another. None of them ever even gave me their name. I would completely debase myself for these men. I just wanted love. I just wanted to be somebody's precious thing. What girl doesn't want that? You know? Anyways, that happened a couple of years back, and I stopped drinking and doing that, but by then it was too late. I had let those guys inside of me. Inside my heart, inside my body. I wanted to please them. I wanted to make them feel so good, so I didn't use any condoms. And now... And now I got AIDS. (exhales) Listen, I'm sorry. I-I didn't mean to hide it from y'all. I just wanted to protect y'all, and me telling the truth is the only way I could do that. Look at me. I am fine. Y'all hear me? You are one brave woman, you know that? You looked after me when no one else would, and I promise I'm gonna look after you. All of us. Hmm? We're not gonna let a single bad thing happen to you. (crying): You get one little sniffle, and you come straight to me. I'll do whatever it takes to keep you healthy, huh? - I'll steal cold medicine for you. - (chuckles) I love you, Ma. BLANCA: I love you, too. Listen, I don't want none of y'all to not love y'all selves. That was my problem, my mistake, and sometimes it still is. But no more. No more. Which is why I'm-a fight this disease, and in doing so, I'm-a fight Frederica Norman and get my salon back. (Blanca and Lil Papi chuckle) (woman speaking indistinctly over P.A.) Number 27. - (singsongy): Negative. - Number 29? I thought you'd be happy. (sighs): Ricky... Ricky, I love you. And maybe that's the reason why I'm willing to turn or look the other way, but I-I just need honesty. I told you, nothing happened with Chris. Wait, where is this coming from? You know, you... just, you-you're touring the world, you're in videos, you got all this attention... What am I doing? School. The balls. That's something. All right? I'm lost. I... (sighs) I just really don't have a good feeling about myself right now. You're my good feeling. I, uh... I... I have to go. I'm sorry. Um, I'm gonna be late for a rehearsal. But I promise we're gonna finish this later, okay? Hey. (chuckles) Go to rehearsal. All right, all right, y'all, welcome to the Eros Ball. Welcome to the Eros Ball. - (cheering) - Yes! Yes! Tonight we're celebrating passion... and reveling in love... and sex. And I'm talking about lust. You know, that sweet smell of new passion. And I'm talking about... desire. - (cheering, whistling) - And however that comes to you, I need you all to understand that you must treat yourselves with dignity, because everyone in this room is deserving of love. Y'all understand me? - (cheering) - Everyone in this room is deserving of love. All right? And love should feel good. Right? And love should also be safe. Y'all see what I'm passing out here tonight? Take a few of 'em with you. With y'all bein' nasty. (Pray Tell chuckles) Now... let's get this ball started. - (cheering) - The category is... High Fashion... in Feathers. And I want to see all my ladies stomp this bitch to the ground. First up, House of Evangelista. - Come on up! - (cheering) Oh! All right! Carrying the Mother of the Year, darlings. All right, that chair's a bit precarious. Please don't drop her. That would be a devastating fall from grace. Come on, come on, come on with it. I ain't mad at you. I ain't mad at you. Are you hot? Do you need to be fanned, baby? Chocolate-y smooth! Give me your fuckin' wings! Come on, give Miss Blanca Evangelista her scores. Eight, eight, seven, - eight, eight. - (crowd groans) All right. You're gonna have to do a little better than that, I think. - But you look good today, girl. - CANDY: Excuse me. - PRAY TELL: Huh? - You got your scores. Move. Really, Miss Candy? Did I not... just say the category is High Fashion in Feathers? Are you blind? These are fucking feathers. Honey. Could somebody please take this bitch back to kindergarten, so she can learn the difference between feathers and foam? Talking big talk now 'cause I ain't got my other purse. (groans) Ferocity is chopped! (jeering, shouting) Girl, bye. Thank you very much. Who's next? All right, House of Wintour has entered the floor. (Pray Tell vocalizing) Oh, I'm living! All right, y'all bring it in. Y'all bring it in. Ah, ah, y'all bring it in. To the floor, to the floor. Y'all bring it in to the floor. Yes, thank you. Thank you. Love you. Oh... The House of Wintour is serving us down boots, babies. I live... I live for the production values. We got clams on a half shell up in this bitch tonight. Well, actually, it looks like a full shell! Crack that bitch open. Release the kraken! The Wintours are out for blood. - (cheering) - Oh, sookie-sookie now! Deep out of the sea... it's black Aphrodite. The icon Elektra... dropped from the heavens, honey. Sometimes she's a mother, and other times she's just a mother... - (cheering) - Shut yo' mouth! The House of Wintour didn't come to play with you hos tonight. They came to slay you hos tonight. Good work. Your scores. Ten, ten, ten, ten, ten. Across the board! - [♪♪] - (cheering) Those aren't fuckin' feathers. I know, baby, but they better than yours would ever be. I know that's hard to take. (cheering, whistling) And Miss Elektra takes another trophy. I don't know where you put 'em all. All right, all right! Yes, yes, yes, Mother Blanca, listen here, listen here. Looks like Mother of the Year is gonna be a bit more elusive this evening, but I want to let y'all know something. There is an award that I know that you can snatch with ease... and that's Businesswoman of the Year! See, you bitches don't know nothin' about that! Our Mother Blanca is an entrepreneur. Okay? You see, and she's been discriminated against. But she's been standing up for her rights. And not just for herself but for everybody in this room! We got to fight for our rights. We got to fight for each other. So you may not have taken the trophy home this evening, but, Mother Blanca, you are a shining example of excellence, and you are always a champion... to me. Stand tall, stand proud. Ah, cha-kah-kah-kah. Hey, can I talk to you? ♪ Baby love. ♪ What's going on? You okay? Yeah. I've, um, been doing - some thinking about us and... - Mm-hmm. What I said to you when we got tested. Mm-hmm? I love you, Ricky. I do. Um, but... somewhere along the way I've stopped loving myself, and I need to... try to figure out how to love him again. What are you saying? We need to take a break. A break? Nah. I'm way too young to... have somebody already be my everything. I... So... you're breaking up with me? (chuckles) You can't be surprised. I mean, you can deny it, but I know that you slept with Chris. - (exhales) - And-and-and that is okay. I want you to be able to pursue that. Don't-don't do this. Babe. Fight for us! Damon. Please. Please. I don't know what I'm gonna do without you. - I-If you... - Oh, wow. Want advice, than you can go to Blanca. (sighs): I... I-I can't help you. I'm sorry. (sniffles) I'm so happy you came to see me. Ha. For free booze? - Anytime, honey. - Mm-hmm. I know why you invited me here. And why is that? For you to tell me to stop pushing my medicinal agenda. You don't want Western medicine. You want to fight it your way. I get it. I'm not a pusher. I'm just an advocate. But we can still be friends. - (laughs) - Can we? You want some wine? No, I'm good. I'm just gonna have some water. Oh. We're on a health kick now? Yes. Hmm. I think I'm gonna start taking them. It's about time, Blanca. They're gonna save your life. I'm scared. To die? Or to live? ♪ Ooh, ah, ooh ♪ - ♪ Ooh ♪ - (Blanca sighs) ♪ Ah, ah, ah, ooh ♪ ♪ Ain't there something I can give? ♪ Oh, my God, you're my first customer. Welcome to Vogue Nails. Y'all got acrylics? Uh, yeah. How long you want 'em? - Long. - Oh. Okay, well, come on. I'm gonna take good care of you. She said, "Long." What kind of nails do you want? You want 'em like mine? ♪ The scales are sometimes unbalanced ♪ This... - is called the Naomi. - Oh! - It's all about the bawdy. - (laughs) You gotta... Them legs gon' get you far, girl. Hit, strike and work. Ooh. Oh! Hold on now. You hittin' me with the hips? Gotta hit you with a pose. (laughs) ♪ And so unselfishly ♪ ♪ And I tell you now ♪ ♪ That I made a vow ♪ ♪ I'm giving you the best that I got ♪ ♪ Baby ♪ ♪ Yes, I tell you now ♪ ♪ That I made a vow ♪ ♪ I'm giving you the best that I got ♪ ♪ Honey ♪ ♪ Everybody's got opinions ♪ ♪ About the way they think our story's gonna end ♪ I'm Damon Evangelista... and this is Vogue... one... oh... one. ♪ We love so strong ♪ ♪ And so unselfishly ♪ I said, in alphabetical order. Chanel, Dior, Fendi. Get it right. ♪ Baby ♪ - Oh, no, thanks. I'm not hungry. - Mm! And I need to be in fighting shape, anyway. Every day they have more and more auditions for Voguers. You're focused. I like that. ♪ Listen, baby ♪ I'm-a just say it. It don't feel right that Ricky's not here. I respect that you chose yourself, but we loved him, too. Let's see how much y'all love him when y'all hear he a Wintour now. What? Who told you that? You know what? I'm not even worried. You should be. Elektra don't play fair. Well, guess what, life ain't fair. Evangelistas have been the underdogs before, and that ain't stopped us from getting what's ours. We won against Elektra. I went toe-to-toe with Frederica and got my own salon open. And, shit, I'm fighting against AIDS. - Yas, Motha. - Thank you. So we can do anything as long as we got each other. Well, that deserves a goddamn toast. - Yeah! - To family! - To family! - To family! Captioning sponsored by 20th CENTURY FOX Synced & Corrections done by srjanapala 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 