Waiting for God: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Waiting for God 
 s2e4 - The Thief - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Waiting for God (1990–1994): Season 2, Episode 4 - The Thief - full transcript 
 Resident Betty claims that her sewing basket has gone missing and Tom and Diana decide to investigate. Not fully believing Betty's story they follow her and Tom intervenes when they see her apparently shop-lifting. Tom is arrested and conducts his own court case,being found Not guilty of theft but guilty of contempt of court. Later Diana recalls that she had the sewing basket all along,having borrowed it from Betty and forgetting she still had it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (Sighs) Look, please, Diana. Are you going to make your move or have I got time to bash out a quick novel? — I'm thinking. — Yes, I know. I can hear the terrible crunching of long—rusted gears and the tired creaking of a machine in pain. — Very poetic. — (Sighs) Oh, God. If I should die, think only this of me, I played Tom Ballard chess while busting for a pee. — Well, go, then. — I don't want to go! I'm just trying to stop my brain atrophying while you make your next move! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Ah! — No. — Oh, God, strike him down! Come on, God, right now! Puff, frizzle, pile of dust! — You don't believe in God. — I'm getting desperate. — What's the hurry? — "At my back I always hear "Time's winged chariot hurrying near." Andrew Man/ell. Was he related to Captain Man/el? Will you just make your move or I'll hide your teeth again! I'm just about to. Keep your knickers in the untwisted position. (Chuckles) — Checkmate. — What? Checkmate. — You can't do that. — I just did. — You can't do that! — I just did. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 — That's draughts, we're playing chess. — I changed the game. You lost, Diana. Why don't you accept the fact that you were outmanoeuvred by a vastly—superior mind? What is our overall score in games? — Can't remember. — Diana 408, Tom 2. You are a really nasty loser. Show me a nice loser and I'll show you a wet, weedy wimp. Oh, yes, yes, yes, the weakest goes to the wall. Stand back, here comes Diana in her chariot. To be gracious in defeat means that you are a person of nobility and sensitivity. It means that you are a loser. You lost, Diana. You lose everything these days. — What do you mean? — Well...where are you car keys? Oh... What do you mean, my car keys? I haven't got a car. Lost that, too, have you? You lose everything these days. — I do not. — What about your croquet mallet? — It was stolen. — And your last four walking sticks? All stolen. Yes, yes, yes, I'm sure. Hot walking sticks are big business round here. I expect they whip 'em off down a back alley, strip 'em down, change the serial numbers and flog 'em in Italy. — What point are you trying to make? — The point I'm trying to make is that you are getting absent—minded. The feeble fingers of senility are tugging at your gown. Dear God! I am not getting absent—minded! Well, yesterday we went to Ray Wood's funeral. Who wore brightest yellow and asked which side the bride's family was sitting? Sometimes I just get a bit preoccupied. My brain is still working at full speed and my body takes a few days to catch up. I won't invite you to my funeral. A cranky canary hopping all over my coffin? (Jane) Hello—eee! (Both) Goodbye—eeee! Morning! Diana, here's your walking stick. You left it in Betty Hardcastle's place. Ho ho ho ho ho! — And how are we today? — I'm dead. — Me, too. — jolly good. I see you've been playing, er, thingy. I could never get the hang of that myself. I always seem to get Mrs Purple doing it in the drawing room with a candlestick. Jane, what do you want? I can't believe you just came here to flaunt your appalling ignorance. — just checking you're coming in to lunch today. — Certainly am. Don't intend starving to death. Far prefer to be poisoned. Harvey wants to talk to everyone. He has a matter of great importance to discuss. — What? — I'm afraid it's a black day for Bayview. Please be there. What is our beloved Fuhrer up to this time? Probably wants to cut the food rations, double the guards, bring in more dogs. It's definitely time to break out and head for Switzerland! — Not now, Tom. — Dicky, johnny, Ginger, Nobby! Get the escape committee together. We're tunnelling out. Not Colditz again. All that bloody sand down his trousers. — They want to know what it's all about. — Don't you worry. I will shortly reveal all. That should give 'em a good laugh. Ah, Betty, why did you steal my stick? — Diana, I never did such a thing. — Well, it was found in your place. You left it there when you came to tea. — I did not. — You did, too. I was there. Basil, when I want your opinion, I'll pull your chain. — Don't you be mean to Betty. — Thank you, Basil. Basil's at it again. Now Betty's got the hots for him. Fast Eddie, the Raffia Mafia call him. Randy old sod. Now, if I could just have your full attention for a moment. — What's on the menu today? — Wednesday, ferret droppings. Excuse me, just a little bit of hush, please. — (Buzz of conversation) — Excuse me. Ahem. — Jane. — (Screeches) Quiet! Sony Harvey would like to have a little word. — Can't he manage a big word? — Thank you, Diana. This is a serious matter so if I could have your full attention, with no interruptions. Is it about the contraceptive machine in the gents' lavvy? No, it is not. There is no such machine, Basil. Precisely. And it's a disgrace. It's a four—mile walk to the nearest chemist. By the time you've been there and back, you can't remember what you went for. And the other party's probably dead, anyway! Quiet! — Yes, let the idiot have his say. — Yes, let the idiot... I...I mean Harvey speak. Thank you, Jane. Now, I want to talk about...about honesty. — Honesty? You? Don't be ridiculous. — I want to talk about stealing. Oh, jolly good. Stealing? — I went to Norway once. — What's that got to do with anything? Nothing. I'm just telling you, I went to Norway once. Thank you, Tom. I'm sorry to report that some stealing has been going on here at Bayview. Very cold in Norway. Shut up about Norway. What's been stolen, halfwit? — Well, a string of pearls, for starters. — You haven't the complexion for pearls. Tn/ some flashy gold medallions. They'd be very you. They weren't my pearls, they belonged to Betty Hardcastle here. — They came from my great—grandmother. — Oh? Yes. And Betty's also reported stolen a brooch, a diamond ring and 15 crucifixes. 15 crucifixes? Dear God, what do they get up to in there? As you can see, we're in the middle of a crimewave here. — So what should I do, eh? — (All) Resign! Yes, that's very funny. Now, I'm gonna give the guilty parties till the end of the week to put the things back and no more will be said. Failing that, I'm afraid I'll have to call the police. He is treating us like naughty children again. I'm going to slit his throat. Maybe I should get in touch with my old chum Hercule Poirot unless he's still on that train. — Don't be stupid, he's Belgian. — What's wrong with Belgians? You name me one famous Belgian. Well...erm...erm... Well, that's true. Then there's Inspector Morse and that female detective — Jemima... — Puddleduck? — That's the one. I don't think this is going to be solved by our ransacking popular literature. I think we'll have to do this ourselves. Oh, what a wonderful idea. A bit of sleuthing. Pity we haven't got a body. It's always better when you have a body. Times of death, whiffs of cyanide, butlers. — Tom. — Yes? Shut up. We haven't even got a crime. We have. That jewel job at Betty's place. No, don't be so daft. She just lost them. It's all that sex. — What's that? — The woman is befuddled. Old Hotrod Basil has obviously thrown some switch and Betty's gone rocketing off into some hormonal hyperspace. Yes, I expect you're right. The same thing happened with me and Greta Garbo. I unleashed such elemental forces within her, she couldn't cope with life after me. Became a recluse. It's tough when you have the power. God, even in the dark caves of doddering senility, the masculine ego comes crawling out of the slime for one last feeble hurrah. — What's your plan, then? — Well, we question Betty, retrace her steps and find the loot before that idiot Bains calls the local plod in and we all end up with false confessions, broken ribs, pulped kidneys, shattered teeth, gouged eyeballs, and long, lingering deaths in Broadmoor. Oh, such a cheery soul. — Where was the jewel box, Betty? — There, on the shelf. On the shelf. — Well, it's not there now. — Well, of course it's not. — If it was there, we wouldn't be here. — Are we here? — Yes. — Therefore it is not there. — Right. — I rest my case. — I wish to be elsewhere. — So we know the box has been stolen. No. We know the box has gone missing. The concept of theft is mere speculation and surmise. — So what did it do, evaporate? — Ah, no, it may have been mislaid. — Well, it wasn't. — No, course it wasn't. Basil, you hardly know which way is up unless it's lying down. — All you ever want is sex, sex, sex. — That's not true. — Basil also like tea and conversation. — Slowing up, are you, Bas? Well, I need the sugar. I'm not 65 any more, you know. Another 15 years, I'm packing it in. Betty, what visitors have you had apart from Mr Machismo here? — Only Jane. — Right, we'll check on her later. — How about relatives? — No. My relatives never come anymore. They don't understand about Basil and me. They don't think it's nice. I keep telling them it's very nice, but they don't think that's nice either. I got the same treatment from my lot when Brigitte Bardot moved into the box room. Thank you, Tom. Betty, any other visitors? Only you and Harvey Bains. Harvey Bains would hardly have threatened himself with the police. He's not that stupid. — Then again... — It's all right, Tom. By the way, what's the time? Oh. Why don't you go and lie down, Basil? Oh, have 20 minutes passed already? Oh, righty—ho. See you in a jiff. — What's going on? — Well, don't let me keep you. I don't believe this. Betty, we are trying to find your jewels. Yes, well, you know what they say. Diamonds are forever, but Basil's only for about five minutes. And I don't want to miss it. Goodbye. — This place is falling apart. — What are we going to do now? Round up the usual suspects. — Why are you staring at me? — You'd better come clean, young woman. I'm always clean. Tom, just leave this to me. Now, Jane, we are investigating the crime ripple that has disturbed the placid surface of our boring backwater. — You what? — It was the crucifixes, wasn't it? — Tom. — Admit it. You've always wanted to be a nun. You thought by collecting 15 crucifixes, you might get in for free. You might not be a butler, but you dunnit. (Chuckles) Pretty good, eh? — Tom, Jane is not a suspect. — Oh, thank goodness for that! Have you noticed anything suspicious about Betty's behaviour lately? — How do you mean? — We don't think the jewels were stolen. We think she put them somewhere, then forgot. She's not usually absent—minded. She's not usually swinging from the rafters with a geriatric pistolero. — Do you mean Basil? — Precisely. Anyone who sees him as a priapic god must have their marbles seriously adrift. That could lead to all sorts of strange behaviour. She's been buying him a lot of presents recently. Mostly humorous underwear. — But also some silk shirts. Purple. — They'd be expensive. — Where does she get the cash? — I don't know. She's not that wealthy. Thought as much. She's pawned them. — How can we prove that? — Well, follow her. You mean put a tail on her? Brilliant. I'm a master of disguise! Oh, dear God. Dad? Oh, Geoffrey. Marion. I told you it was him. — How did he get out? — What are you doing, Dad? Ahh... I see you've had a left—handed gardener with a copper trowel... wearing high—heeled shoes working at your place. I'll ring for an ambulance. — Dad? — I'm following a suspect. Must away before the opium wears off. In the good old days, they'd just bung them in an asylum. Huh, but not now. Oh, no. Now they're pushed out into the community and the high streets are crawling with old loopies! — Do take a pill, dear. — Hello, Geoffrey. Shouldn't you have your wife on a lead? This isn't a pawnshop. just keep watching. — Good grief, did you see that? — What? (Whispers) She's lifting the stuff. — She's a master criminal. — She's a daffy old duck. Come on. (Diana) Oh, my God, she's been spotted. Quick. Get after her. If she goes out the shop with that lot, she'll be nicked. — Betty, give me that. — Oh, hello, Tom... — Excuse me, sir. — Oh, gawd. — I can explain. — Would you come to the office with me? Righto. Why not? Now where's he gone? Somebody's just taken Dad away. Bloody good idea. — Holmes, is that, sir? — That's right. S Holmes. S as in Sherlock. We do always prosecute, sir. The police have been called. — Will it be Mr Dixon? — Why not make it easy on yourself? Give me the details. Name? Well, I don't know. I've never met you before. — Your name, sir, not mine. — What is yours? It's Fraser. Ben Fraser. Now, if I could have yours. — Ben... — Are you all right? Hello, old thing. Yes. Meet my new young friend. Ben Fraser. — And who are you, sir? — Don't say a word, Tom. You're allowed to remain silent and you're allowed to make one phone call. How can I make a phone call and remain silent? just clam up. Leave it to me. — Now, what is the charge? — I don't do the charging, madam. I've called the police. They do the charging. — So nothing's settled yet? — Right. You know you've got the wrong person. Tom didn't mastermind this... this shrimp paste heist. — He was framed. — That's enough, Diana. — I was not framed. — But it was Betty. Enough. I am the guilty party. I take responsibility and am prepared to accept the full penalty of the law as meted out by the Revolutionary Tribunal. Tom, this is not A Tale Of Two Cities. This is not "a far, far better thing you do now", this is a bloody daft thing you do. I am a gentleman, Diana. You are a pillock, Tom. You can see he's daft as a brush. just let him go and we'll be away from here. — I'm sorry, it's out of my hands now. — Why? Go on, tell me why. — It's policy. — Oh, policy. — To persecute the elderly? — To prosecute shoplifters. What did you do before you worked here? — I was a student at the poly. — Very nice. — Work and play hard, did you? — Yes. — Nobody tried to kill you? — No. You were lucky. When Tom was student age, people tried to kill him every day. He was in North Africa. Ever heard of it? Dusty place full of men and tanks blasting the crap out of each other. Tom, stand up. Go on. Now, you see that scar? He got that from a nine millimetre bullet whilst defending a set of ideals that would enable you to go to your damn poly and have a good life. And how do you thank him? By becoming some sort of automaton that does everything by the book because you are too stupid and heartless to make a decision off your own bat. — That's my appendix scar. — Shut up. If you let people steal other's property, where will it end? He didn't fight for people to go around thieving. — He's got a point, Diana. — just leave this to me. Ben, Ben... this is the first time Tom has ever done anything wrong in his entire life. He has never even crossed a street against a red light. Crime is not in his make—up. He is the most harmless, boring person in the whole world. That's not what jean Harlow said. I robbed Wells Fargo for jean Harlow. And he has but a tenuous grasp on reality. One shock to that delicate system could send him stumbling back into an appalling world of B—movies from whence he might never return. — He'll only get a fine. — Yes, but he will have to go to court. Oh, I'd enjoy that. Irrelevant, immaterial, ridiculous, Your Honour. I demand that be struck from the record. The man is obviously a brutal killer! — I rest my case. — I'm sorry There can't be one law for the young and another for the old. True. You'd hate that, Diana. Age discrimination, be it in our favour or not. We can't be patronised. — How about a large bribe? — Sony — Hello. — Oh, shut up, Betty, and scarper. — I've come to confess. — Oh, quiet, Betty, and skedaddle. That's my bag. I did the stealing. Tom here was only trying to stop me. Nonsense. I'm the only master criminal round here. It's a fair cop, guv. I can do my porridge. — What's he on about? — He thinks he's in the Lavender Hill Mob. Don't listen to him. It was me. I'm always doing it. I don't realise until I get home. Sometimes I just can't get my thoughts together. Ben, do you want to persecute this delicate human machine, which is obviously on the blink? Dear God, you'll be arresting us for having colds next. Sorry, Madam. I'll have to let the police sort this one out. — What are you doing with my father? — Which one's your father? Well, now... Out of the three of us, which one do you think merits the title "father"? Damned if I can work it out. Sorry, I'm getting a bit confused. Who are you, sir? — I'm his son. — And I'm his wife. — Is this your wife, sir? — God forbid. That's his wife. Her hobbies are Valium, gin, and strangling tadpoles. — I want to know what's going on. — Your father's been apprehended shoplifting. Dad, is this true? Afraid so, Geoffrey. I only did it so I could pay for your little sister's heart operation. There's nothing wrong with her heart. — I haven't got a little sister! — Does this mean he'll go to jail? — I doubt it, madam. — Pity. — Release him at once. — I can't do that, sir. — But he's an old man! — We have already been through all that. I refuse to be released on the grounds of age. jack the Ripper will be in his 140s by now. If they find him tomorrow, should he be released because of his age? Certainly not. I demand my right to plead my case. I want the jury And should the verdict of the people go against me, I shall face that last dawn, I shall walk that final corridor, I shall look the hangman in the eye like a man! (Hums La Marseillaise) Oh, here's Harvey now. He looks as if he's all right. — Oh, what a pity. — Oh, it's a black, black day for Bayview. Very black. Oh, I didn't mean, er...black as in the colour black. I mean...black as in...grey. Not that you're grey. I mean, er... it's a grey, grey day for Blackview...Bayview! Oh, dear. Oh, Harvey, thank God you're back. All I can say is, it's a black day for Bayview. — No, it isn't. — I don't pay you to sit around, jenny. — Come on, get me some coffee. — Oh, yessum, boss! Sure thing, Mr Bains! I gets the coffee, I gets the limes and the coconuts! Lord, I be working on them railroads! Prats. — What's the matter with her? — Never mind. How did you get on? When I got to the police station, the place was in uproar. Tom thought he was Mark Antony, the daughter—in—law was trying to get him life. Diana had the desk sergeant in a headlock. — Do you think they'll be all right? — I think so. The police are a tough lot. — No, I mean our people. — They're even tougher. — I'd like to machine—gun the lot of them. — Oh, Harvey, that's not very caring. I care for my job, Jane. If the board hear I've let residents get banged up in the slammer, they might have the odd doubt about my competence. — I'll stand by you, Harvey. — Not that close, Jane. Sorry — Of course, Betty'll have to go. — Oh, Harvey, no! One cannot stay here if one has a criminal record. Harvey, let he who has no sin cast the first stone. What are you gibbering on about? Didn't you have a spot of legal trouble once? If you are referring to my little disagreement with the Inland Revenue over a couple of tiny, tiny figures... Zeros, Harvey. Three of them. What exactly are you getting at? I'm sorry but I feel I have to be your moral guide at the moment. I'd hate the board to hear of your little irregularities. I see. I see. Well, as it happens, I had already decided on a course of mercy and understanding towards Betty. Oh, Harvey, I knew you were a real Christian! Oh, I am, Jane. I am. The police are hopeless. They don't know how to do it these days. It was most disappointing. No fingerprinting, mug shots, line—ups. And they were so pleasant and polite. — What's wrong with that? — Well, there should've been some brutality. I should've been thrown into a urine—stinking cell full of footpads and cut—throats. All wanting to slit me gizzard in switchblade duels! Guess they just don't watch the right movies. — Well, I'll fix them tomorrow. — What's that? The Complete Works Of Perry Mason. Oh, Tom, I wish you'd just get a barrister to plead guilty on your behalf. You wouldn't have to go to court, just pay a small fine. That's not like you. You like a good fight. Yes, when I'm doing the fighting. I know, if you conduct your own defence, you'll end up getting 90 years. — Then what will you do? — The same as I always do. Get hold of Dicky and johnny and tunnel out. Aaah! As I am not only the defendant, but also my defending counsel, what should I wear? How about wig, gown and ankle chains? You're not taking this seriously. All right. Get yourself a sign saying "Have mercy, I'm a loony." — I...thought I should wear my dark grey. — That'll stun 'em. — Think they'll notice the lack of buttons? — Only if you attempt to do them up. I'd better go and sew them back on. — Uh—uh—uh, give it to me. — I couldn't do that. That would be sexist. If you recall, the last time you attempted to sew buttons on your trousers, we spent three hours at the hospital and you were offered serious counselling by the local rabbi. I shall go and get my sewing box. — You lost your sewing box. — I borrowed Betty's. You borrowed Betty's... You borrowed Betty's? Diana! Silly old bat! I can't believe they went ahead with the prosecution. We live in a stupid and ignorant society, Jane. No one is capable of moral decision so they have to make laws that preclude the necessity of thinking for themselves. Without laws, there would be anarchy. What's wrong with anarchy? If you haven't tried it, don't knock it. Oh, my God, here comes our own little sexual anarchist. — Morning, Basil. Revolting shirt. — jun/ still out? Yes, the judge retired to his chambers. Tom's speech gave him a migraine. — Oh. Where's Betty? — She nicked his gavel. Ah, here they come. (Chuckles) — How are you, old stick? — Pretty pissed off, actually. — What did you get? — I got off on the shoplifting charge. Well done. But they fined me £50 for contempt of court. Oh, well done! Bloody marvellous! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 