Expecting Amy: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Expecting Amy 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Expecting Amy (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪ Not today, but I was throwing up blood a couple days ago. Look at this. We got you. A little fancier than your Kroger bag. This is my first and only time. Congratulations. Thank you. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Babe, finally, a condom for you. [ Laughs ] [ Spits ] Can, uh -- Can we have the room for a minute? ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ [ Bluegrass music playing ] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ Kim: To Chris and Amy! [ Cheers and applause ] You know, Amy may never win an Oscar. [ Laughter ] I've been married for nine years, but I don't have any advice for you guys. Oh, I can't do this. Amy: You got it! Okay. [ Laughter ] I just have a few observations. [ Voice breaking ] You have to read this. This is from me. Vinnie has to read it 'cause I'll lose my mind. Yeah. Vinnie: Amy might never win an Oscar. [ Laughter ] No, I got it! I got that. Chris: I wanted to ask your permission to ask Amy if she would marry me. [ Laughing ] Ask her permission, not my permission. I wanted your blessing. I bless you both. Oh, thank you. We just wanted to make a quick toast. We actually introduced Amy and Chris. Yes. [ Laughter ] It was a lot for Vanessa and I, but we... Yeah. we paid for this. We paid for this. We should start this out by saying that Chris is the only uncircumcised one amongst the four of us. [ Laughter ] Which was a mystery to us as young boys because we only knew the penis to be one way. [ Laughs ] And then there was Chris. ♪♪ Lawrence: Dear Amy, today is your wedding day, and you're marrying a man who loves you. And we are the lucky ones that have been touched by you, personally and sexually. [ Laughter ] I wish you a lifetime of happiness. I wish you strength when you need it, patience, which you don't have, but I wish that upon you... [ Laughter ] ...understanding, and, most importantly, laughter. Amy: [ Laughs ] Chris! Chris: We met on Martha's Vineyard, 'cause you were filming in Boston. No. Yeah. You were filming a... No? No. Okay. [ Laughs ] ♪♪ Amy: I like you. You do make me glow. I married a chef because I'm a fucking genius. [ Laughter ] I mean, seriously. Do you like to eat food? That's what he makes. We met on Martha's Vineyard because I was there on vacation with my family. Mm. And Molly had just become my assistant -- Chris' sister. And she's like, "Oh, we want a chef to cook a meal for us while we're there." And she was like, "My brother's a chef," and that's when we met. I just thought he was so handsome, and he was, like, this chef on Martha's Vineyard -- just, like, such a romance novel. And I was just like... "Fuck this guy." This is the baby's real father. Keith Robinson. This is Italy. Are there bigger assholes? That's "The Last Supper." Mm-hmm. Look at my body. Like, you could see my body. Molly. That's where Chris' hand is when he cooks. Not a lick of flirting. I cooked a few times. And then I hung out one night and then... The night you hung out, I was like -- I got interested in you. Mm. I got interested in you. ♪ You don't know how it feels ♪ ♪ You don't know how it feels ♪ ♪ To be me ♪ He knew that I liked him more than a friend when I asked him to borrow his shirt. And I was. You know, that's a move. "Can I wear your shirt?" [ Chuckles ] And I was wearing his shirt and I was, like, little in it, like, "I'm drowning in your big shirt". [ Both laugh ] Amy: What does that say? "What do you want to do for Valentine's Day?" Ooh. That's from you. Turns out, we got married. Oh, yeah, we did get married. Everett: For Amy and Chris. [ Piano music playing ] ♪ I can only give you love that lasts forever ♪ ♪ And a promise to be near each time you call ♪ Vinnie: Amy, when people think of being in love, they think of being happy and excited and very up. Kim: But the thing that I've noticed, is this new peace that you have since being with Chris. This new, dropped down, centered peace consistent and persistent and present even when you're not with him. [ Crying ] Chris, she carries you with her. And it's not just when she talks about you -- it's always. It's beautiful. ♪ I have all these arms to enfold you ♪ Chris: There was no turning back. It was just, we knew. I like being married to you. I love it. Oh, cool. I'm Chris' dad. My name's Albert. [ Cheers and applause ] I would like to acknowledge Chris' mother. She passed away about 13 years ago, and I can feel her. She is so happy. So, Friday, I get a phone call -- "Dad, I'm getting married on Tuesday." And Chris started talking about Amy. I had never heard him express himself with such love and affection for Amy. ♪ That's all ♪ Albert: It's just amazing. [ Cheers and applause ] I just wish you all the best that life can give. Good health and happiness... and children. [ Urine dripping ] [ Stream strengthening ] Hello. It's me. I got so sick. Chris and Kim had to take me to the ER 'cause I couldn't keep anything down. Um... There's no way that I'll be physically able to shoot the special tonight, so we have to push. But the good news is, I have an IV in my arm and a Phenergan in my ass, so... [ Footsteps ] Doctor: We're gonna call our OB and have them come down and say hello and examine you. -Hi. -Hello. -Hello. -Alright. -Kim just carried my bag. -Yeah. -Would you like Tats? Yeah, give me that little girl. Are you on anything for, like, hyperemesis or vomiting kind of as an outpatient? I tried Zofran, Reglan, and [indistinct], and none of those worked. Alright, so, it sounds like you probably do have hyperemesis. My name is Kimber MacGibbon. I'm a registered nurse and I'm the executive director of the Hyperemesis Education and Research Foundation. Hyperemesis is just really a severe and life-altering disease of pregnancy. [ Retching ] Chris: When was the last time you threw up? On the subway today. In the early 1900s, hyperemesis was seen as a toxemia of pregnancy. When Freud became popular, anything that was not explainable by science became a psychological disorder. Still a little sick. So in the early 1900s, women with hyperemesis were told that it was because they had a conflict with their mother or they didn't want to be pregnant... Sorry. ...or they just wanted attention. With food poisoning, you have something in your stomach, and once you vomit, you feel better. With hyperemesis, there is nothing in your stomach a lot of the time, and so you just vomit till the point where you can't breathe, and it just doesn't stop. [ Retching ] The trigger just keeps going and going, and you literally feel like you're suffocating, and it's extremely traumatic. I have the vomiting shakes. I just threw up in a public restroom. This was my least favorite vomiting experience. MacGibbon: You think about having that happen for months on end. The level of fatigue is something that you can't comprehend. You stand up and you literally just feel like you're gonna pass out. Chris: You look miserable. I'm sorry. MacGibbon: Even in the '50s, the protocol was to put a mom in the hospital, and if she vomited, to let her sit in her vomit to discourage her from attention-seeking. There's just not a lot of support for hyperemesis, funding or information, outside of our foundation. All the blood just shot right here. The loss rate, overall, for moms with hyperemesis is one in three, so that means one out of every three babies doesn't make it to term. I feel so bad. [ Sighs ] Chris: You're rolling. Why can't I see anything with the viewfinder? Well, see, the red light goes on... You're a fucking bitch. I'm in the hospital. I've tried the -- You're a fucking bitch. You're a fucking bitch. I'm cool. You're cool. Everyone's sending me texts saying that it's worth it. Everyone keeps going like, "It's worth it". What was the experience like for you today? Well, whenever you're that sick, when you're vomiting that severely, it's pretty scary. -Yeah? Yeah. It's, like, really violent vomiting, and it went on for about five hours. -What about you, cunt? -Bad. Amy: Well. It looks like I'm gonna be here awhile. Hey. So, Amy still has like a couple hours left for her drip. So Chris and I are at All Fired Up. Chris, want to say hi to Vin? Hi, Vin. We're at All Fired Up and we're gonna paint some pottery, and I think I found what I'm painting. It's a mermaid box. And Chris, what are you making her? I'm gonna try to do a portrait. [ Laughing ] Chris is gonna do... That's great. Amy: Where did you guys go? This is Amy if she were a mer-person. I am a mermaid. Kim: This is Amy as she is. You guys painted me? Very cute. And this is... [ Clears throat ] It's you. Thank you. [ Laughter ] Five hours I've been throwing up that day, laying in a hospital bed, and then he's looking at me like a little boy, like, "Do you like it?" And I'm like... "I love it." I get trolled on the Internet all the time, but now it's happening in my own home. [ Laughter ] Thank you guys for trusting that I would be here tonight. [ Cheers and applause ] Hello. How are you? Alright. I feel the best today that I have felt in four months. Kenny: 'Cause I'm here? -No, Kenny. Definitely not. -No. On the contrary. Despite that. But it's, like, bad when you feel good 'cause you're, like, waiting for that wave to hit you again. So it's, like, a little sad. I'd never even heard of it. Like, did you ever even hear of it? Amniocentesis? Hyperem-- emesi-- Hyperemesis. I'd never even heard of it. Have you heard of it, Mia? Jackson: I have. You have? Do you know anybody who had it? Yeah, one of my really good friends. She had it for three of her pregnancies, yeah. Like, who has a baby again after you feel this way? She said that's why she got her tubes tied. Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna tie my tubes, Chris' tubes. You're getting tubes, you're getting tubes. Who's the last comedian that performed here? Man: Well, Steve Martin was here last night. Steve Martin is my nemesis. I thought you guys were, like, very close and, like, really liked and respected each other. That's what nemesis means. Oh. I have hyper-nemesis, where I have a lot of nemesi. I get to meet Amy Schumer on my birthday! Oh, happy birthday, hon! I know! It's me. Nice to meet you guys. Oh, you are so sweet. Thank you. Thank you so much. [ Laughter ] That's the biggest laugh you've ever gotten. Kim: It's a really big laugh. Five hours I'd been throwing up that day. [ Laughter ] -People were so excited. -It's still going. Amy: I think it's probably part of the special. [ Laughter ] Chris: I'd say, like, in our whole relationship, we've had, like, very few poop incidents. We really have been pretty lucky, but I haven't gone to the bathroom in so long. Mm. [ Sighs ] Did you make applesauce? Mm-hmm. I really feel like my stomach has gone to the next phase. -Yeah. -Yeah, like, it's like... Chris: Physically, or how much you're eating, or...? Well, because I haven't thrown up in a couple days. Like... [ Laughs ] Like, it's a pregnant belly. You know? Yeah. I kind of want to look at my set list over breakfast. It's like one time throwing up, overalls, painting a room. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Oh, my God, that's perfect. [ Laughs ] Can we talk about your shoe and your sock and your tapered sweatpants game? Because it's actually.... It's Sunday. No. It's never... There's never a day of the week that this is cool, that this is okay. Tampons, erection, tampics... "You up?" I hope your car flips over and... [ Chris laughs ] No, like I hope it rolls and goes in a lake and fills it with water and I'm laughing at you on the shore. Standing on the shore. Laughing at you. As your car fills. I thought -- I love... By the end, the audience was like... [ Chuckling weakly ] Chappaquiddick. Yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah! I hope your car Chappaquiddicks. Guess what, guys. Oh, that's okay. You guessed it. That's alright. Everybody... We're okay. Guess what, guys. What? I think you know what. Do I look different? Why would you? Because somebody just pooped. She's obsessed with me. Can you turn the camera off? Guess I'm gonna get ready for my show. I feel good now. Chris: Yeah? What do you think it is? Sleep? Love. Acupuncture? Love? Aww. No. It's, uh... Think it's this medicine I've been chugging in my butt. Oh, it's not love? No. The love's always been there. ♪ If you want to fall ♪ ♪♪ So, I'm in my second trimester and, uh... Some women get pregnant and, like, shit just hits the fan. Like, do you ever see, you know, some women are like, adorable and then some, you're like, "Oh, damn!" [ Laughter ] I know where I am. Who's been to one of these weird early shows with me before? [ Smattering of applause ] Wow, do you see that return business? The two people -- how long ago was it? Woman: This is my fourth. Oh, my God, really? Oh, okay. But you can see how it's developing, right? So, I think people approach how to build an hour of stand-up differently. The way I approach it is one joke at a time. I really want your honest opinion about this next part 'cause, I mean, I really haven't even developed it at all yet. You're like, "Have you developed any of this?" And I'll have a premise and I'll kind of over-write it. If it was a notebook, it would fill up a whole page. Every movie when a woman is pregnant, she, like, is at work and she throws up, she's like, "Mm," like a little, and she's like, "Uh-oh," and that's how she finds out she's pregnant. And then she never throws up again, and the next scene, she's, like, in overalls painting a barn. And then usually by the time it winds up in the hour in a way that's solid, in my experience, it's, like, one line sometimes. But if you're a woman and you loved being pregnant, I hope that your car Chappaquiddicks right into a fucking lake and you die slowly. [ Cheers and applause ] Rach! [ Laughs ] [ Paper rustling ] Ohh! Oh, my God! I can't handle them, Rach. [ Laughing ] Oh, my God, look... Thanks, babe! It's always good to check in with everybody. Excited 'cause we just get to see him in there. So, that's one of his balls? [ Laughter ] Woman: The testicles don't descend till like 27-28 weeks. Oh. Something to look forward to. I've felt flutters before, but I just really felt the baby kick. Go harder if you can. I want to see those feet move with the mannequin. I feel bad that Chris didn't feel it. But also, like, fuck Chris, 'cause I'm making a baby. [ Laughs ] ♪ We're onto your same old trick ♪ ♪ Get up and run away with it ♪ ♪ I'm not that hot new chick♪ What did you just say to me? I said you're getting bigger every day. That's not good. Great, Chris. He's dead. [ Laughter ] I said I love you. And I think you're gonna be a great dad. [ Laughs ] Kane: Is he aware of those tendencies? He knows he's...he's like... I mean, that his brain is different. Like, I can point out to him even, like, that painting, like, that it's funny even that he wanted to paint something. Like, people don't paint a picture there. They paint pottery. You know? Like, I think that's really interesting that he just -- his brain just sees things so different. He's the fucking best. Hello? I'm so sorry, I have to... My suppository just called. Hello? So, this is gonna be inside my butthole really soon. You took this drug before. Yeah. And it wasn't as effective. No, it didn't work. I threw it up. And then, now it's in your butthole, and life is good. Life is amazing. You know what? I'm not even gonna try to take anything orally anymore. It's all gonna just go right up my butt. Why am I eating this? ♪♪ Woman: Meanwhile, there's plenty of action going on inside that womb cocoon. Womb cocoon? The all-important placenta still acts as your baby's kidney, controlling the fluid balance in his tiny body and shuttling waste products out into your system. But the fetus's urinary system is now sufficiently developed to produce tiny amounts of pee. And we're talking tiny -- not more than a teaspoon of fluid. Still, his teeny tiny bladder fills and empties every 30 minutes, practicing for the diaper-filling days ahead. Oh, my God, I'm gorgeous. I feel so much better. I haven't thrown up in three days. [ Cheers and applause ] I'm gonna cry. Thank you so much. [ Retches ] No, just kidding. Dude... It's no fucking joke. [ Sighs ] Chris: Well, you had a good run. That sounded pretty violent. I'd really love to throw up. The day started out so nicely. I looked for a small pair of scissors to trim my pubes as a surprise. I have my buzzers. You're not buzzing my vagina. I have buzzers. I have nose-hair trimmers. I just need small scissors. Actually, at this point, I need... Yeah, you need more than -- ...shears. [ Waxing strips pulling ] [ Whimpers ] Anything to make my husband happy. [ Laughs ] Holy shit. What are you gonna wax? ♪♪ I do not have a show in me right now. Has backstage changed with me? Just a little. There's no booze. I love it. Do you? Yeah. What do you love about it? Chris really takes care of me. Like, the best is that when you're -- The best is the earplugs. The best is when I'm done at night, is that we get to lay in bed watch TV together and sleep next to each other. But today, like, for me to even zip my own suitcase... Like, I felt so sick all day. And he just, like, takes care of everything. [ Tatiana barks ] He makes sure that she poops, makes sure that I poops. Mm-hmm. We laugh a lot. We laugh at what a cunt I am. Like, you know, I'll just be... With being pregnant... I don't think I was like this before pregnancy. No. Like, I'm so difficult right now. And he just laughs at me. Like, I'll, like, be really critical of something. You know, 'cause you're just, like, so hormonal and crazy. [ Screaming ] How much bigger can the hole get?! It was amazing. Are you that girl from the television who talks about her pussy all the time? Yes! I know what's in my heart, and it is my pussy. My pussy is [bleep] magic! I can't be president because I got my period! [ Cheers and applause ] Make some noise for Mia Johnson! [ Feedback squeals ] Jesus Christ! Oh, my God. [ Laughs ] Damn it, Tati. No Kim inside. Do you see me getting, like, more beautiful by the second? Chris: I thought you were beautiful before you started. You always make me feel like a little flower. A normal-sized flower. Fuck you, Chris! "Little" flower is not accurate. So rude. Tatiana, come here! Where the fuck is Tatiana? So, when I get off stage, lets get right in the car and go. Uh, no. They aren't working. I'm taking Zofran. But I'm just vomiting through all that shit, so... I'm just still taking it for nothing. Huh? Chris: It seemed like they helped for a little while. For a little while, they did. They just stopped. They just make me tired, and then I just throw up while I'm tired. What the fuck? Babe, don't look at your phone. I'll kill you. That makes me crazy. You're doing it now! I need...I do need a visual reference. No, you don't. Yes, I do. We drove all the way here. Because Molly was telling me what to do. We fight about this all the time. It's so annoying. [ Beeping ] Chris? Okay, thank you. It's fucking crazy, Chris. No, it's not. Yes, it is. Everybody... No, no one does that driving on a freeway. Give me your phone, I'm gonna freak out. [ Chuckling ] Stop. No, you stop. I'm serious. It's not cool. I understand. But you're still doing it. That's our most "married person" argument, is that, right there. That was the perfect example of, like, bad communication. It makes her so mad, but I don't understand what I'm supposed to do. [ Chuckles ] Hi, guys. Tati girl! Are you excited for your brother to come? She is gonna love him. We were gonna go to the butcher shop to get more brisket. Oh, good. Amy: I don't want to be hurtful. Like, I only want to only be helpful. It's fucking hard. It's hard to be in a relationship. But, you know, especially when you've been alone for so long, but I really fucking love him. Like, you know that. I love him more than I thought I was capable of loving anybody. Chris: Yeah. We're fighting a lot. Since Amy's been pregnant, I would say it's happened more often because not only has the dynamic of our life changed, but... I think the pressure of being parents magnifies things. Amy: Chris, you know, I really want to understand how he feels. Like, him saying, "Sometimes you're mean. You're mean to me". And I'm like "Oh, my God, okay." Like, I accept that. But, like, what is registering as mean to him? I grew up in a family that never fought, and never talked. But we also never talked about anything. So, you know, there was no arguments because we weren't communicating. You know, I'm a tough cookie. [ Laughs ] All my friends, like, all we do is trash each other. And a way of me showing affection is, like, making fun of somebody. I think that can wear on someone. Chris: Our arguments are generally never malicious. They become emotional because we're not listening, one of us isn't an understanding what the other person's saying. It's an inability to communicate. I'll take the whole thing. Amy: We were watching that Netflix show "Dogs." The first episode is about these kids who have different degrees of special needs getting a service dog. Really emotional. And I'm crying, bewildered, you know, and I look over at him, and it was like he was watching Monday Night Football. Chris: I have a tendency that is learned, which is, shut down. I think that's because I'm scared of expressing myself. Amy: Yeah, him processing and being able to show emotion is really delayed. I see... [ Chuckles ] I see how frustrating it can be, or must be, for Amy. When you have somebody that's, like, makes themselves unavailable emotionally. Amy: There's something that I think is a possibility why he might struggle with some things. I was like, let's take this test. Let's look into this. 'Cause I know I need to do better, but I want help knowing what I need to do better. Chris: How do you feel about getting back to work tomorrow? Oh, God. Yeah, I'm on the road tomorrow. Shit. I like this little tunnel. We had sex in that tunnel once. No, we didn't. Oh, shit. That wasn't you. That was some other bitch. There's a lot going on. We're gonna find out the results of my test today. Yeah, how do you feel about... Yeah. I feel like she's gonna say... I'm a little nervous. I don't know what she could say. I'm a little nervous, too. Ah, the East Side of Manhattan. Gorgeous! You think maybe your behavior's just explained by you growing up In a barn? ...in a barn? My teachers were chickens. [ Laughs ] My classmates were sparrows. [ Laughs ] My worst fear is she's gonna say, "You've got some other weird thing." Then you'll say, "Well, what the fuck is wrong with you, then?" No! I won't. I love you. I couldn't pick a better partner than you, you fucking odd jackal. Pregnant. Mm. I'm, um...feel emotional. How do you feel? Yeah. Gilbert: The fact that you're here at your age now and it didn't come earlier, says a lot about your ability to adapt. Mm-hmm. ♪♪ Chris: I grew up in the woods with my dad and with my mom. Everything my dad has ever taught me how to do, everything my mom taught me to believe in, every bit of love, every gift -- I was lucky enough to have the parents that I did. They gave me so many gifts. -Are we rolling? -Yes. Chris: Oh, cool. The best chronology that I've come up with for my relationship to food is coming from my dad. My family goes back 12 generations on the island. I grew up on a farm. Chris: This is a man who spent all of his time growing food, hunting food, foraging for food, fishing for food, both for his income and also for his joy. Are you filming this? Being my father's son, we spend all of our time getting the food together. So we would go lobstering, we would go fishing, he would take us hunting. So I learned to love that process. He has an older brother, Andrew. I think they're about a year and a half apart. Andrew was the cautious one. He would think things over. Chris would just jump right in and ask questions later. Chris: That's part of what drives me, is that I focus on something and then nothing else matters but that thing, like the idea that every dish is the most important dish or every meal is the most important meal or every task that you have is the most important one. And he'll be like, you know, "You're so aloof," or, "It's so hard to communicate with you." And we don't understand each other. And I have a very hyperactive brain, which at times makes it very hard for me to concentrate on things, including conversations with other people or sitting still for a certain period of time. It was February. It was 2002. And my mother had just had a brain tumor removed from her. I was, first of all, taking care of her for 10 to 12 years from about the age of 17. My brother and I's life came in and out of our own dreams and then always back to taking care of her. And that was hard. Now it's...you know, it's... just is. You have a parent that has cancer and is dying of cancer, you lose control. And I have so desperately wanted to be able to make her better, and I wasn't able to. And my best friend, being a support and somebody that loved me, said, "You're 22 years old. You're at home. Your mom is very sick. And I don't disagree that she needs care, but you need to think about what's gonna happen in your life." No, New York was good. It was good experience for him. And I remember him coming back and cooking me meals and flipping stuff around in frying pans, and, whew, what a mess. But he's a good cook. I got a job in a restaurant at a very young age and I reached as high as I could as quickly as I could, before my mom died. I took my family's farm and I took care of my grandparents and I grew beautiful food. I opened a restaurant in Martha's Vineyard, and according to the New York Times, it was the best restaurant the island's ever had. But I still feel like my family doesn't believe in me. There's something different about my brain. I don't know what it is, but I have never felt like I... I don't know. It's hard for me to accept where I fit in the general world. Um, my husband has Asperger's. Um... If you don't know what that is, neither do I. [ Laughter ] No, he's on the autism spectrum. It's super mild. Where are you? Right here. Will you walk us through this outfit? It's kind of Army hip. There's some really, like, charming parts of it. He has what's called autism spectrum disorder level one. It's certainly a neurodevelopmental disorder that starts very, very early. They're people that struggle in a social way. They struggle sometimes in a way to communicate. Chris won't always know what the social rules are. I wanted to talk about it to sort of, I don't know, de-stigmatize it. And so many kids don't get -- so many comedians don't get diagnosed and you grow up thinking you're bad or wrong. And your brain is just different. You had paid attention to my behavior in a way that nobody had before and noticed things because you're very observant and kind of put together the pieces. A couple things happened where we were like, "Huh, that's an interesting way to react." Gilbert: When I told Chris the diagnosis, Amy stood up and said, "I need a hug." And he said, "From Dr. Gilbert?" Chris didn't understand that Amy really wanted the hug from him. Amy: [ Laughs ] This is a good example of you getting distracted and, like, starting a new task. He also isn't, like, that aware of his facial expressions. Not knowing how to regulate eye contact well. Sometimes Chris has a preference to kind of look up and away as he's talking. Some things he does is he'll do some repetitive hair twirling that he does often as a soothing behavior. There's no, like, awareness of social norms or social cues. And you say what you really mean. That's one of his things -- like, he can't lie. I'll come in like, "Does this look like shit?" And he's like, "Yeah, you have a lot of other clothes. Why don't you wear those?" I'm like, "Okay, that's a good point." But then also when he, you know, tells me I look beautiful. I know he really means it. Do you ever wish I was, like, a little thinner? You're perfect. Yeah, I am. The diagnosis is important because it gives light to where the struggles are. I didn't know how to communicate with him, and we would kind of hit a dead end. But more important than that is the recommendations. Well, what are you going to do next? These are some behaviors that are upsetting each of us. And she just gave us tools to, like, not get to that point. Now if we have a disagreement, like, we know how to get to a solution. Yeah. I don't think either of us want him to change, but it's just, like, there's some stuff that could make stuff easier for him. It's been very empowering. And this morning, I woke up so happy and grateful. And the more I understand about it, the more excited I am. [ Cheers and applause ] ♪♪ This is my favorite material that she's ever run. I just, like... I don't know. Maybe 'cause now feels like she's as old as I am life-wise, but it's just, like, so relatable and... I don't know, just, like, really important. And I'm excited for people to hear this. -That was really fun. -Yeah. I'm, like, the more we do it, the more I'm excited about it because it's like... Oh, yeah. Tonight kind of knocked my confidence out of doing it at a small club. -Knocked your confidence? Out of doing it at a small club instead of a theater. Yeah. The beginning's still shaky, but I love this order. Praw: So, my only thing with the Asperger's stuff is, I think it's the best part of your set. Oh, that's nice. I think it's really sweet, really personal. It's very soft and sweet, coming from you. Yeah, yeah. So my only thing is, like, I wonder if it should be earlier in your set. [ Thunder rumbles ] Oh, shit. This is some dangerous shit. ♪♪ This special is in... three weeks, right? Chris: You feel like the material plays better -- In a theater. Yeah. More people. I was, like, doing that small room so much that I was like, "This is where I want to do it." Now I've been doing so many theaters. I think maybe I wasn't as confident as I thought I was. But then once I started going out and really working on the set on the road... I was in the hospital when he handed me this. [ Laughter ] The set has developed in a way where it's now better in front of a couple thousand people instead of a couple dozen. I was in the Fat Black last night. It didn't feel right anymore. Had I filmed it a month ago, that would have been the vibe, but...and then I text with Colin Quinn. I said, "Is the special gonna work in there, Col, or should I just do it in a theater?" He said, "A big theater." I said, "Okay." He said, "That fast?" I said, "Yep, just changed it." [ Laughs ] I trust him so much, which is sad because... you know, he's an awful man. What'd you bring for the baby, Col? When the baby's born, I'll bring something. What do you want? Bring something now? You think I'm letting you in this house when the baby's born? Yeah. I told you, that baby, that kid is gonna bond with me. Uncle Col. No. No. Yep. Absolutely not. Gonna teach him all the ways of the world. You stay the hell away from our kid. ♪♪ ♪ Just because it is wrong to ♪ I will guarantee you that Amy's gonna say we don't have enough turkey. That sucks. I don't think we have enough turkey. Babe, please don't use this documentary to plug your book. [ Laughing ] You piece of shit. -Hi, Mama. -Hello. -Hi. -Hi, baby. How are you? Just like John Travolta. In "Saturday Night Fever." Chris: Ready? Three, two, one. ♪ Boom pacha boom pacha boom ♪ This toast is to Amy and Chris having all of us here. I'm not gonna cry. And next year, we'll have a seven-month-old baby here. Cheers. -Cheers! ♪ Yummy when you kiss me, I love some ♪ Thank you. Oh, my God. He looks like you. ♪ I just recently learn to, bound I was born to ♪ I think this star is reflective of this household. Just a little fucked up. I think this could help you -- [ Retches ] Stars -- they're just like us. This is the picture. [ Laughter ] This is the picture. [ Laughter ] This is the picture. [ Laughter ] Hi, I hope you're feeling so good. So, I just sent you an e-mail. We're gonna be filming at the Chicago Theater, the special, instead of the Fat Black. We're filming at the Chicago Theater, December 19th and 20th. Whew! -Hey! -Hello! Hey! -Hey, guys. -How you doing? I'm gonna film a special in 10 days. So I want to see if you would listen to it or something. 10 days? Yeah, 10 days. I'm not getting any smaller. [ Both laugh ] Sure. Yeah. -Kim. -Ugh. You never know what I'm gonna do next. No, you're a wild -- I keep everyone on their toes. Yeah. I feel so depleted. And it's your fault. I blame myself. I think if you're still nauseous, that means you're doing something wrong. Oh, I'm like a bad mom? Yeah, like, most people aren't nauseous. I don't know if it's karma or choices that you -- Just karma? Do you remember you, like -- [ Retches ] ...you were late meeting me at the airport once? It's probably that. It feels like it's that. I'm ready. Let's start. Amy: They got back, and my sister rushed in the room before my husband, and she was like, "You have to be nice to him about what he painted. He worked really hard, and it's not very flattering." My husband's brain is a little different. And he decided that he was going to paint me. [ Laughter ] Let's take a look at it. What do you say? [ Crowd cheers ] [ Laughter ] And I was in a position where I felt bad. And then later that night, I was like, "Babe, do you see how this could maybe not be flattering?" He really was like, "No, I think it's good." I was just like, "Is that how you see me?" Like, this was a real conversation we had. Chris: "Mean" is not necessarily the right word, but parts of your act that you talk about us, I think people would have a hard time with that. Other people? Yes. I think most people. But I've asked you a million times -- I know and I'm saying -- ...if there's anything you want me to take out or if you want me to not talk about you at all. This is the second time -- I -- ...that you're bringing up my act and - I'm bringing it up -- Are we celebrating how strong you are? Or are you telling me that you have a problem with me saying something onstage? I'm bringing it up because we spoke about it multiple times over the last couple of days. And I'm re-saying it out loud because it's not a normal circumstance, the circumstances that we have. And what you're saying is not mean. Maybe, as you said, it's honest or it's straightforward or it's critical in the best possible way. That means in some way you feel like what I'm saying about you onstage is mean. And if you feel that way, I'm not saying it anymore. I'm not saying that. We've also talked about the separation between a performance and your art and your act with reality, too, but... Was that something you needed to accept? Me talking about you onstage? Our relationship onstage? Yeah. That I needed to accept? It's something that I needed to get used to, and sometimes there are thoughts that I've heard for the first time. That takes adaptation. Anybody in those circumstances has to have a confidence and a self-awareness to be able to differentiate. My stand-up is not more important to me than our marriage. I would not do this special. I would... We would not... I'm not asking you -- ...share any part of ourselves. You're not asking me, but you're bringing this up a couple of days in a row. And it's, of course, it's gonna make me think it's bothering you. I really want to ask you to say something if you have something to say. I-I don't know. Is this upsetting you? Yeah. Why? It's really hard to interpret what you're trying to say. All these things that I get are really hard and draining on you, and I'm the one who's really sick, and it's really draining on me, too. [ Tatiana yips ] I'm trying to express how I internalize things, how I feel in relation to being your husband and watching you be very sick and worrying about you. And when things aren't perfect with us, I feel vulnerable. I go to that place that I feel... I do shut down and -- Okay. But remember that I'm fucking sick and that I'm pregnant. We just need to get through this together, and you need to just not get cold and not get numb. [ Sighs ] [ Both laugh ] I've never seen you cry. Really? You cried at our wedding. Yeah. One of the things you said in your vows was that you were gonna have to keep up with me. It's true. I know. You said it's no small feat. [ Chuckles ] I hadn't really thought about it before that, but, God, you were right. Want to go for a walk? Alright. Let's go for a walk, yeah. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, too. ♪♪ Amy, I promise to always be honest and listen to you, even when you say things that are challenging to hear. I love you as is. I want you exactly how I'm getting you. You are the kindest, most generous, selfless, beautiful person I've ever met. And you're mine. And I'm yours. Amy, you've changed me, but I've also never felt more like myself. I promise to be by your side and have your back always. You are the best thing that ever happened to me. I love you with every piece of my heart. [ Whispering ] Fuck. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ ♪♪ ♪ And there's a light at the end of a dock ♪ ♪ Sending green little postcards to a city I love so much ♪ ♪ And the water makes sense of her laugh ♪ ♪ And wrinkles the backs of my hands ♪ No one has it harder than me in the whole world. So easy! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 