Wycliffe: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Wycliffe 
 s1e6 - The Pea Green Boat - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Wycliffe (1994–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - The Pea Green Boat - full transcript 
 When Harry Tremaine is blown up on his boat, suspicion falls on his son and principal heir Freddie. However, there are others in the frame such as Harry's unfaithful wife who was conducting... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [theme music] [engine stopped] Sir? This is the scrap metal man. That's Detective Inspector Kersey. Right. So you saw the boat go out yesterday morning, did you? Yeah. Harry Tremaine was at the wheel, and I think Freddie was on board. That'll do ya. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Yeah, that's Harry Tremaine, age 62. Freddie, his son, is 32. He's missing from home. There's no bodies as yet. Still searching. Some sort of explosive was used. Can I have a lighter? This is Sea King to Coast Guard. I've eyeballs on the starboard side. We're moving in to investigate. Something washed up on the rock pool it appears. It looks like we've got a body. Your husband's body was found about an hour ago. And Freddie? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 They're still looking for him. Apparently there's a rip tide that might have carried him miles out to sea. Did Freddie usually go in the boat with your husband? No. Only this week, Alex had the flu, so Freddie took time off from the garbage and went out and lifted the pots with Harry a couple of times. Alex? Alex Greaves, my husband's partner. He had a half share in the Green Bounty. [phone ringing] Mrs. Tremaine, we have reason to believe that your husband's death may not have been accidental. Had he been depressed recently? Any financial or personal worries? I wouldn't know. Harry never gave much away, especially where money was concerned. My husband was a very close-fisted man. I'd better get that. All right. Grief stricken. Took it without a twitch. By the sign of her, Harry Tremaine was not exactly the light of her life. Harry Tremaine owned the garage, Freddie was the manager, supposed to be. And you are? Jones, David Jones. Dogs body. Freddie spends most of his time banger racing, pubbing, and clubbing, when he's not working his way through the female population of Trudeau. Did Freddie actually tell you he was going out in his father's boat yesterday morning? He wasn't in the habit of telling me anything, but I doubt that's where he was. No thanks. Why? Well, Freddie's not what you might call conscientious. That's why Mr. Tremaine gave me the job, to keep an eye on him on the books. Try and stop Freddie making a complete horlicks of everything. Go on. There was a lot of money in the safe overnight Monday. I towed a couple of cars, cash. But yesterday when I came in, the safe was empty. Freddie took the money? Wouldn't be the first time. He has expensive habits, horses, dogs, cars. How did Freddie get on with his father? Well, to tell the truth, I think he hated him. Oh Freddie's always smiling and smarming around, apple of his father's eye, but he'd have piddled away every penny his father invested in this place if he could have got away with it. Excuse me. Interested? Ah, you're with her. More like she's with me. Yours? No, belongs to the boss, Freddie Tremaine. Mr. Jones thinks that Freddie may not have been on the boat with his father yesterday. There's money missing. Freddie likes to go on the odd bender now and again. But you say this is his car. Yeah, he'd have taken the convertible. Better pulling power, he says. Have you reported this cash missing? I would have done, but only to his father. He liked to keep things in the family. This is Sea King to Coast Guard. We appear to have a yellow jacket or sou'wester in front of us. Right you are. The body could be anywhere in this area. We're moving back to refuel. Over. All ports warning in Freddie Tremaine, white male, 32. I thought he was going with his father, sir? Well, yeah, he may have been on the pea green boat, on the other hand, he may have taken some honey and plenty of money to the land where the Bong-Tree grows. "Owl and the Pussy-cat." Pub, is it, sir? What I mean is, Dix, well it's a poem actually, but never mind that. What I mean is Freddie may be on the trot somewhere with a couple of thousand pounds of his father's funds driving a white convertible. It's all in there. Been out and about, Doug? Yeah. Yeah, just visited the local quarry. They've had a slurry explosion up there. The foreman gave me the name of one Bill Clark who shacked up with Freddie Tremaine's ex-missus, and who has fallen for petty thieving. Coffee? Follow up on that. Oh, Lucy, get a warrant to cease Tremaine's will, and give Mrs. Tremaine a visit, she if she's got any financial papers we can have a look at. Sir. Dixon, when you've done that, check up on David Jones. Who is he, sir? He works at the Tremaine garage. He's the one told us Freddie took off with the takings, but he might have had his own hand in it too. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Dixon here, where have you been? I could have had a pizza delivered while I've been waiting for you. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, can you do you mean all ports warning on a Frederik Tremaine. Yeah. On suspicion of theft and possible murder? Yeah. And possible murder. I'll be down at the harbor. Think? I don't give a fishes' tit what you think. Just come up with it. Dad, it's a copper. Alexander Greaves? Yep. And you would be? Forbes. Daniel Forbes. I'll call you. I understand you're a very lucky man, Mr. Greaves. How's that? You happened to be off sick the day the Green Bounty came to grief. Yes, I was. Not so lucky for your partner, Mr. Tremaine. We found his body. I heard. We believe the killing was deliberate. That right? I'm wondering who might have had a reasons for doing such a thing. You accusing me? Just making inquiries, Mr. Greaves. 40 years I fished with that man, he was a bigot and a bully. Harry Tremaine was my partner, shipmate, and I'd never harm a hair on his head. There you go. See you tomorrow. OK. How long have you and Freddie Tremaine been divorced then, Mary? We're not, he still owes me. None of the solicitors under him can't be caught and I haven't seen a penny. Not an amicable separation then? Ah, Mr. Clark, is it? Inspector Kersey. Yeah, you were up at the quarry this morning. That's right, yeah. I'm interested in some explosive that somebody assumes they're going walk about with. Oh, yeah? Yeah, you don't know anything about it, do you? No. Have you ever been on Harry Tremaine's boat, the Green Bounty? No. Hang on. Bill, had nothing to do with that. We were up north over the weekend. You want to know who blew that boat up? I'll tell you. It would save me a lot of trouble if you did, yeah? It was an insurance job. I've lived with Freddie. I've heard him talk about it. We could burn the garage down or scupper the Green Bounty, claim off the insurance. I bet you he's tried it, and it's all gone wrong like everything else he touched. It's all blown up in his own face. What we looking for? A white convertible. All right, you got me. Frederik Tremaine? That's me. I'm arresting you on suspicion of theft. Oh, yeah. And the murder of your father, Harry Tremaine. What? [hymnal music] Those who go down to the sea in ships and occupy their business in great waters see the works of the Lord and his wonders in the deep. Harry Tremaine will be sorely missed by his family and his friends here at Bethesda Chapel. I would ask you all to stand in silence for one minute in memory of a wonderful man. Chalk in Fred T. I can smell it on his sweat, guilty as sin. Bloody terrified, more like. Or both. I understand that Harry Tremaine was a lay preacher here. Yes, 26 years. He was a fiery speaker, mesmerizing sometimes. Oh, sorry, Mother, I-- You've met my son David? Yes, up at the Tremaine garage. I'd better get back. Thanks for coming. Harry gave my son the job up there. He was unemployed for two years after he finished university. Harry was a very generous man, whatever they may say, he did care. He seems to have made himself unpopular with other people. He wasn't an easy man. Some people thought he was intolerant, but he was as hard on himself for his own sins as he was on others who had sinned against him. His own sins? He was a good man. He'll be sorely missed. Where were you on the night before your father died? Told you, Truro. Hotel? B&B;? I slept in the car. Oh, saved your stereo getting nicked, was it? I was drunk. Anybody see you there? That night? Early morning? Ever handled explosives before, Freddie? No. This money you took, what was it for gambling debts or what? Look, I didn't take any money. I just crashed out. I went on a bender. I wasn't anywhere around here when this happened. Somebody else killed my father. Somebody else. Right, take it easy. Can I have another drink, please? There will now be a short break in the interview. The time is 11:19. Tea again, is it? Look, um, I had run ins with the old man like anybody does. I couldn't kill him. I couldn't. I swear to you. Freddie was arrested yesterday evening. He's being held at 1 Street Police Station. Held? What for? Well, there's a number of questions he's helping us with. Oh, lord, no. Not Freddie. How were things between him and his father? Harry spoiled him one minute and slighted him the next. Freddie's always been a difficult boy. Do you have any bank statements, financial papers concerning her husband's business that I might look at? All his papers he keeps indoors in the spare bedroom. I understand he and his partner Mr. Greaves owned some property down at the harbor side. That's right, fish sheds. They used to belong to Harry's father and his father before that. When the town had 20 punts fishing off the bay. It's all gone now. Time moves on. Not for Harry. They offered him tens of thousands. Gonna build a marina down there. He wouldn't sell. He'd go to his grave before he'd see that happen. The papers? Yes. If you want to see Freddie, you can call 1 Street Police Station, you know. Oh. Yes. The explosive used was a crude homemade cocktail involving some phosphate compounds. Not the sort of stuff they use up in the quarry then. No. Puts your man Clark out of the frame. Well, maybe. - Tremaine's will. - Yep. He left everything to his wife and his son Freddie, plus 20,000 to the Bethesda Chapel. How about the property down at the harbor? OK, he owned four buildings down there jointly with Alex Greaves. Now the terms of the deeds are that on the decease of either one of them, control of the disposal of the property reverts to the surviving partner. Then Greaves is free to sell to whoever he wants. A property developer, a Daniel Forbes, has put in a very substantial offer for the land. We met Forbes yesterday talking to Greaves. Danny Forbes. Did you run that CRO check on him? Yeah, no convictions though, but Mets Fraud Squad are looking closely at a few ventures he's got his fingers into, property deals. Oh, one strange thing about Tremaine's bank statements, he made all his transactions through his local branch, except on the first of every month he went to the bank in Truro and drew out 500 pounds in cash. Why strange? I don't know. It just struck me as odd, that's all, to go that way. Just a thought. Maybe he was being blackmailed? What for? Let's visit Danny Forbes, explore his property interests. And you give Freddie Tremaine's flat a thorough search. Anything in particular, sir? Everything in particular. Which way to the flat? Right, up the back. You've got him then? These Cornish wetbacks, Mr. Wycliffe, they're living in the past. They've got circumcised minds. Sorry? No forethought. Can't see the future. They're sitting on a gold mine down there. Their out scrabbling out for winkels and sprats. Do you plan ahead, Mr. Forbes. I do for that little harbor what dear old Maggie did for the other dogs. Like what Hitler did for coventry, huh? I already have outline planning for restaurants, marinas, yacht clubs. The place is ripe for development, Mr. Wycliffe. And Harry Tremaine was the only thing standing in your way? Did you ever meet him? No. Life and soul of the bloody funeral. Convenient he should die when he did in such tragic circumstances. Isn't it a null win, Mr. Wycliffe? Oh, yes, I shall require a statement in due course from both you and uh? Mr. Garner. George. Or maybe you could tell us now where you were last Wednesday night, Mr. Garner? Here. Tucked up in bed. Ask the girls. Come on, Doug. Why go fishing, Mr. Wycliffe, when you've already got the catch you want in the net? Freddie. Harry's son, Freddie. Very temperamental sort. More mental than temper, I'd say. Had dealing with him then? He's told you about out little gambling sessions, hasn't he? No. Enlighten me. He latched onto me, Superintendent, sad really. That man's a loser. He owed you money? Some. We socialized a bit. He tried to persuade Harry to sell up on my behalf. I admit I stand to make a great deal of money out of Harry Tremaine's demise, but Freddie, he's had more out of this than I ever will. You understand what I'm saying, he's had revenge. I don't want it. Take it away. - I'll leave it just in case. - No. I said no. Nobody listens. Don't touch. OK, let's get to a home office explosive bod down here right away. I think we've hit the jackpot, boys. Yeah. If you wouldn't mind, yeah. Bye. Right. He's known to us. George Garner, Forbes' sidekick, you saw that blue spot he had on his cheek, yeah? Well, he's got previous for aggravated burglary, robbery with, and he GBH'd his wife's brother, dispute over a greyhound. He has the look. Yeah, and he just finished a four year stretch on the moor. He learned about explosives up there, I suppose. It'll get cold. Eh? Oh, well, couldn't face it now. My stomach's rocking up and down from that bloody boat. Result. We found various items on Freddie Tremaine's premises. Soco's first thoughts, he reckons there's enough material there to make a primitive explosive device. Call 1 Street NIC. Set up and interview with Freddie. We'll have another go at him. - Yes, sir. Have you some chicken chow mein? Going begging? Yeah, when the circumstances requires it. Don't told me the hunchback of Notre Dame's gone on a diet? 3 pounds 75 you owe me. Did your father ever give you money? How do you mean? Cash. The gambling debts, was that it? What are you talking about? Apparently, your father went to Truro each month and drew out 500 pounds in cash. It never came my way. No idea what the money was for? Anybody might have known something about your father that he didn't want the world to hear about? You trying to say I was blackmailing my father? Freddie, I'm trying to help you. I'm not trying to trap you. Do you understand? Were you very close to your father? Sometimes. Tell me about that. When I was a kid, I hardly knew him. I only saw him the weekends. He never took me night fishing, sleeping days. How did you feel about that? I missed him. It upset you? Yes. I loved him. You know? Whatever people say, I loved him. I believe you, Freddie. He was hard on you too, wasn't he? He was strict. I got leather times enough off him, but I played it up, see? Asked for it. Provoking him. You know how kids do. Yeah. Is that why you stole from the garage sometimes? To provoke him? Well, sort of, I suppose. So your father's love is a very important thing, Freddie. So when you heard your father was dead, it must have been very upsetting for you? Yes. You all right to go on with this? Yes. Perhaps you felt guilty? Was that what you felt? Could you say that for the tape, please? I did, yes. We all do things we regret, Freddie. Sometimes some people draw us into things that we know are wrong. Did anyone ever discuss with you the possibility of your father being killed? No. Did Mr. Forbes, the property dealer? You owed him money. Yeah, he sent me to try and persuade Dad to sell up. Dad wouldn't have it. He hated Forbes. What about Alexander Greaves, your father's partner? Did he suggest the idea to you? You talk to my mother about Alex Greaves. That's all I'm saying. You see, Freddie, today we searched your flat, and we found some things. What things? Chemicals. Timing device. In the spare bedroom. Do you know anything about that? No. No, no, no, what is this? We found the means to make an explosive device in your flat. No, you didn't. You're lying. I'm trying to help you, Freddie. No, you're not. You're trying to say I did it. You're all the same. You're pretending, you're lying. Nobody listens. Nobody cares. You never listen. You never listen to me. You bastard. He's been banging about the cell all night. We had the doc in to him. He insists he wants to talk to you. Did he say what about? Maybe he's going to cough it. OK. It's 12:01. Yes. You've been asking to see me? You can have your solicitor present for this. No. All right, Sarge, wait outside, will you? Are you sure, sir? I must remind you that you're still under caution. You don't have to say anything unless you wish to do so, but what you say may be given in evidence. I'm-- I'm sorry about what happened. Having a go at you. I didn't mean to. That's all right, Freddie. It's a lot of pressure. Is that it? Yeah. I just didn't want you to think-- I'm sorry. That's all right, Freddie. Freddie, you said something when we were interviewing you about Alexander Greaves, your father's partner, do you remember? Yeah. And your mother. It's been going on for years. What? What's been going on? Them two. At it. Greaves and her behind his back. They're all hypocrites. Me, I'm supposed to be the black sheep. You can't trust Freddie. You want to know who killed my father, you ask Alexander Greaves. You ask her, all of them. They're laughing now, aren't they? They're laughing. Where are they? Don't know. We had a meeting arranged. He'll talk to you when he's good and ready. Now you find your father and you bring him here to Mr. Forbes pronto, or I'm going to be feeding you to the fishes. Taxi dropped Greaves off here about an hour ago, sir. And she's in there with him. Yeah. OK, sir. Yeah, we'll do. You still thinking of a move to London? Might improve my prospects. Oh, you'll never climb that greasy pole. You're the wrong sex, love. You reckon? Yeah. Watching the bloody magic circle in the mat. When they're not stabbing each other in the back, they're back home ironing their Masonic aprons. You've been out in the sticks too long, Doug. For 18 years, eh? No, I'm quite happy. Reckon I buried my heart in Budman Moor. Yeah, but you buried your promotion prospects with it. [vehicle approaching] [honking] I've been trying to see Freddie, but they won't let me. I hear you made a phone call, yes? They put me off. I tried. For the moment, I don't think Freddie wants to see you. He's very upset with you. Upset? Amongst other things, he seems very angry about you and Alexander Greaves. I believe you and Mr. Greaves are close. Sorry? I've no wish to be indelicate, Mrs. Tremaine. I just need to know the truth. Do you understand? All right. We have a relationship. That what you wanted, Superintendent? But your husband wasn't aware of your relationship with his partner? No. And if he had known, I doubt he would have cared. I have to put this to you, Mrs. Tremaine. Did you or Alexander Greaves play any part in the death of your husband? No. Though I admit it, I shed no tears. All Harry ever really cared about was himself. King of kings and Lord of bloody lords. He didn't worship God. He was God. He walked this earth with a homemade halo, though he'd little cause. Is it possible that someone might have had cause to blackmail your husband? What? Mr. Tremaine drew out 500 pounds in cash up in Truro on the first day of every month. Were you aware of that? 500 pounds? You implied he wasn't everything he seemed to be. How long had he been doing this? A considerable number of years. 500? While I was scrimping and saving he sent them 6,000 pounds a year. Sent who? Mr. Tremaine, if you know anything that can help us, that might help your son Freddie, we have to know. No matter how difficult it is for you, who? Who was he sending it to? You're stretching my patience, Mr. Greaves. Who else is going to give you such a price? For what? Three tin shacks in a muddy backwater. Somebody might. Don't mess me me about, Mr. Greaves. Sign that letter of intent. Sign it. - Oh, Superintendent, come in. - Lovely building. Expensive to keep up, I should think. Oh, crippling, endless jumble sales. But you get donations? Copper collections these days. People don't have it to give. You'll miss Harry Tremaine's contribution then? Yes. He was a pillar of the church. I meant his financial contribution. What's this about, Superintendent? Well, I was hoping you could tell me. We have information that Harry Tremaine gave you personally 500 pounds in cash each month. Is it shown in the books? No. Was it for the chapel or something personal between you and him? I came down here 30 years ago to teach. I met Harry here at Bethesda. We became involved, and I had to stop teaching. Why was that? I was pregnant with David. So Harry Tremaine was the father? Harry paid the mortgage on a cottage for me. He paid everything for David. His clothes, college. And that's what the money was for? Every month without fail. Religiously. Nobody knew. Though I think his wife suspected. Did David know that Harry was his father? No. I should have told him, but Harry insisted we keep it from him. And David still doesn't know who his real father is? I don't know. I don't know. Tell me, what subject did he study at university? Chemistry. Lucy, Wycliffe speaking. Hurry up. Suspect may have been alerted. You all right, sir? All right. Let's go. Don't get too close to him, Lucy. Don't crowd him. I can hardly keep up with him, sir. All right, you two, stay put. Get out if the car, please, David. They thought I didn't know, but I knew since I was a kid. I found letters. OK. OK. I kept thinking, one day they'll tell me. One day, Harry will take me in his arms and say, say it. Son, but no, never once. Come on. No, listen. OK, I'm listening. I told Harry I knew. I knew he was my father, and he denied it, you know? Denied me. He threatened me. If I said anything about this to anyone he'd throw me out of the job. Disown me completely. On Friday, that useless waste of space got everything. I was nobody. Is that why you killed him? It was me. I made the bomb. I blew him to pieces, and I put all the chemicals in Freddie's flat in the garage. Easy. I wanted them both to die. Harry Tremaine deserved it. He killed my father. The father I wanted and never had because he was too ashamed. Ashamed of me. There, I've said it now. David, just get-- Sir, the brakes. Stop. David, stop it. Stop it. David! Right, you're free to go to, sir. Is Mr. Wycliffe here? No, but your mother's waiting. You can tell her to go away. I want Mr. Wycliffe. Wycliffe! Wycliffe! Wycliffe! Wycliffe! [music playing] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 