Wycliffe: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Wycliffe 
 s2e1 - All for Love - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Wycliffe (1994–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - All for Love - full transcript 
 John Bonetti, a violent criminal, escapes from a prison van during a routine transfer and re-commences his career as a drugs racketeer. Wycliffe is convinced that Jane Hardy, a seemingly respectable artist and volunteer prison visitor, has helped Bonetti because she has fallen in love with him. How can he prove it? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [theme music] [suspenseful music] All yours. [suspenseful music] [laughter] May I wish you on behalf of the force a very happy and prosperous retirement, Ted. [applause] Thank you. Now Blackett's shuffled off, Charles, I'd like to put your name forward to step into his shoes. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Me? Chief super? It's a punishment posting, isn't it? Stepping stone. And once you're Territorial Commander West-- the politics is right for it, Charles. Fast track to Assistant Chief Constable in five-- Excuse me, sir. Think about it, Charles. You're wasted on the streets. [dramatic music] [loud thumps and screams] What the-- [screams continue] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 PRISONER: Oh, open it up! OFFICER: All right, all right. Come on! OFFICER: What's-- Give me the keys, dick head. Now. So, if the boss does move up, he could do us all come good. You think we're going to rise on his coattails, do you? Might. No way. Wycliffe's not into playing office politics with the deadheads we've got upstairs. I mean, he is a total, 100% hands on copper, and he always will be. We've lost a prisoner off the moor, sir. Boss says upstairs in five minutes. Right. - Tenner on it. - What? Charlie's moving up. [seagulls calling] WOMAN (ON RADIO): We'll break off for a moment here on Radio Cornwall for some news just in. The police are warning the public to be on the lookout for an escaped prisoner. More details from our news desk. [energetic music] MAN (ON RADIO): The prisoner, John Bonetti, was being transferred to a jail in London by a private security firm. Bonetti serving a life sentence for the murder of his wife and her lover, is believed to be armed. Prison authorities refused to comment on how Bonetti obtained the weapon. Police are advising the public not to approach the man, but to contact them if he's sighted. We'll bring you more details as they come in. [winds blowing] [phone beeping] [dramatic music] [suspenseful music] [phone ringing] OFFICER: No, no. Thank you. Bye. Well, we've had several calls in already, sir. Somebody reckons to have spotted him in Bude, another one's got him down in Mevagissey. Unless he's sprouted wings. Yeah, sure. We'll stay put at HQ on this one. There's no point chasing shadows. Thank God. I could do with a night or two in me own bed. What was that? Nothing. What have we got on the escaped man? John Bonetti. In for life. Double murder-- crime of passion. Came across some Romeo in bed with his wife. Oh. Multiple stab wounds. From what I heard, the Three Musketeers couldn't have done better. All right, then. OK, Dixie. Let's draw the files on Bonetti. Any known associates, relevant addresses. Yes, sir. I don't know. We nick him, we put him away, and some slack security firm let's him slip through their bloody fingers. One way of putting it. WYCLIFFE: Did Bonetti have many visitors? Several. His mother, lawyers, occasional friend. And over the past year, Jane Hardy. Who's she? Prison visitor. Volunteer. She's been very good with Bonetti. Calmed him down a great deal. This is the metal detector, superintendent. [loud beep] [series of beeps] Every visitor has to pass through here. Any metal automatically triggers the alarm. So how did he get the gun into here? We don't know yet? Why was he being transferred? We suspected he was in on a drugs racket operating in the prison. Tablets-- amphetamines-- have been circulating. How would he get those? Visitors are as crafty as a cartload of monkeys. They palm stuff across with a cigarette. Pass it on mouth to mouth. You need eyes of your head. But a visitor still couldn't get a gun past this. No way. I don't know how Bonetti done that. But I do know the man is an animal, and the sooner we have him back in the box, the better. [dramatic music] LANE: I suppose you got to know him quite well over the year you've been visiting him. Yeah, well, he wasn't an easy man to get close to, but he'd begun to open up, talk about his feelings. He's very angry. A lot of things about his childhood were coming up. You're aware of the reason why he was in prison? Mm. He killed his wife and her lover in a fit of rage. But nobody's irredeemable. You can't just lock a man up and throw away the key. I saw my role as a prison visitor as part of trying to rehabilitate him. Well, he's out now-- with a gun. Yes. You wouldn't know how he got the weapon? No. Did he ever discuss a plan to escape with you on any of your visits? Never. He expressed to me profound regret for the crime he committed and accepted that he had to be punished. He may try to contact you, Miss Hardy. If he does, you can reach us on this number. Of course. I obviously completely misjudged the man. It's Leeds Pottery, this, isn't it? Yes. It's slit molded, very fragile. Right. I suggest you take extra care while Bonetti is still at large. I will. Thank you. [dramatic music] Check her background-- husband, boyfriends. Struck me as a bit of a soft touch. Lord save us from the do-gooders. [dramatic music] So when did you last see your son, Mrs. Bonetti? Couple of months ago, in prison. I went into for his birthday. He's a dog's brother. No good. Leave it, Tony. [speaking italian] Ignore him. Look, my son is a nasty piece of work. He nearly ruined this business after what he did. Well, it was in all the papers. Terrible. Do you know any friends of his where he might be holed up? You know, girlfriends? You try down the massage parlor. That's his kind of woman. I can't help you. It's more than my life's worth if I did, even though I am his mother. He doesn't give a fig leaf who he hurts-- never has. Broke my heart. Here. Thank you. Please. We know nothing. We don't want to know. You catch him, I say, hallelujah. How much? It's on the house. We are good to police here. No, I'll pay, if you don't mind. [seagulls cawing] [chatter on police radio] [sudden dramatic music] [shower running] [suspenseful music] You made it. Yeah. Thanks to you. The police did come round. Yeah, but you weren't followed? No. Now, keep it together, Jane. You've been brilliant. I can't stop shaking. Do you have the passport? Yes, it's all arranged. That's going to be OK. Don't worry. I've got some business to sort out. What business? My money. I told you, we don't need any. No, I know. I know, but-- just trust me, huh? Please? I've risked everything, John. Everything. Yeah, I know. [dramatic music] Now what? I love you. [dramatic music] OFFICER: Basque. Spanish job. Nine millimeter. Looks absolutely realistic. Yes, but feel the weight. It's a replica made from some kind of glazed ceramic from the mold of a real gun. Yeah, it's a beautiful finish. It's completely authentic to the eye. That's why it didn't trigger the prison metal detector. OFFICER: Yeah. No metallic. That's a work of art. This replica of a handgun was used by Bonetti to effect his escape. Did you make it? I suggest you tell us now, Miss Hardy, before we find out by other means. Yes, I did make it. And I smuggled it into the prison to him. Assisting a prisoner to escape is a very serious offense, Miss Hardy. I understand. Why did you do it? Surely you were aware that Bonetti is a cold and ruthless killer? You don't know him. Nobody does. He's never had a chance, and being caged up in there was destroying him. And I-- I couldn't watch that happen. So you had formed an emotional bond with Bonetti? You probably think it's incredibly naive, but I wasn't looking for anything like that. I just want to help him. Help him open up. And slowly, despite myself, as he talked I found myself falling in love with him. [cigarette lighter clicks] Have you been in contact with Bonetti since he escaped? No. So you just helped him to escape-- this man you fell in love with-- and now you might not see him again. Is that the idea? He said that he'd reach me when the time is right. Where is the gun? I told you, I took it into the prison to him. No, no, no-- not, not, not-- not the replica. The real one, the one you used to make the mold. Where is it now? I don't know. How did you get the gun in the first place? John arranged it. It was sent to me in a padded envelope. The gun was in your possession? Where is it now? I left it somewhere. What do you mean, left it? With some food and clothes for John to pick up. Where? An old tin mine outside Trevithick. There's a ruined smelting chimney. Doug? Doug? Yeah, it's Wycliffe speaking. It looks like Bonetti may have picked up the gun. Yes. Trevithick. There's an old tin mine and smelting chimney. Yeah, you'd better get over there. Well, now, if you can. I see, I see. OK, well I'll hang on. He had to have the gun. LANE: Why? His life was being threatened. That's why he was in such a state, why he had to get out. Somebody in the prison was threatening him? And it was all to do with his past. He owed a lot of money to somebody on the outside and they were threatening to have him killed if he didn't come up with it. Who? Who was threatening him? He wouldn't tell me. But I could see he was terrified. I know you think I've been very stupid, but I couldn't keep going back into that prison week after week, watching him fall apart. I had to help him. I had to. Jane Hardy, I'm arresting you on suspicion of assisting in the escape from custody of John Bonetti. Understand? Superintendent Wycliffe has already cautioned you, but I must tell you again-- [dramatic music] Ah, it's just in here, sir. Aye. You find the gun? No, sir. But he's definitely been here. All this food and stuff. Aye, keep looking, then. What sort of gun was it, sir? It's a 9 millimeter Basque. A man stopper. Tell you what, Dixie-- I'd check your life insurance. Bonetti running around with one of these, someone's going to get hurt. [dramatic music] [sudden dramatic music] Several more sightings, sir, but as yet, nothing. Sir-- How's Jane Hardy been, sir. Lucy's keeping tabs. WYCLIFFE: What's her background? Well, she's 37. She's got a degree in psychology from Exeter University. She got a little bit of previous-- cannabis possession in '78. - Uh-huh. Evidently she was in with a set of alternative-ohs-- you know, pothead and Kashmir feminists by the sound of it. Sir. Yes, Potter? I've been working through the Bonetti case murder papers. It's flagged up a few names-- associates he used to run with. The interesting thing is that-- well, the case was fronted by DCI Turner. Ah. That's your old boss isn't it, sir? Yeah. DCI Turner was convinced that the murders weren't [french] as Bonetti suggested, but were actually linked to a major drugs ring. Go on? The man Bonetti killed-- the one he caught in the sack with his missus-- was actually working as a police informant. He was a junkie feeding names to DCI Turner. And they were getting very close to the drugs ring when Bonetti did the killing. And Bonetti was tied in with this drugs ring? No proof, but highly likely. Jack Turner is still over in Plymouth, isn't he sir? No. He hung his hat up a couple of years ago. Well, that's-- that's good work, Potter. It's very good, Potter. Boy, you must be scratching for something to do now, aren't you? - No, sir-- I've got a job that's hand made for you, with your obvious eye for detail. This is a padded envelope from Jane Hardy's cottage. Now, the gun was sent to her in this. It's got an electronic bar coded price label and a batch number underneath. See? Yeah. Check every station in the southwest, would you? What, visit them all, sir? No, no, Potter. Let your fingers do the walking before you waste the job shoe leather. Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. [dramatic music] LANE: Good morning! Are you following me? For your own protection, Miss Hardy. What's this about? - I'm sorry, you are? - Warne. George Warne. Detective Inspector Lane. Can I ask you what's inside this crate? - Pots. - Pots? You can take a look if you like. It's the truth. I fly these to the Scilly Isles regularly. What's the problem? I'm not sure that there is one, Mr. Warne-- yet. They're just pots. But whatever this is about, it's nothing to do with me, inspector. I run a straight business here. I'm sorry, George. It's my fault. Look, I've got clients waiting for these in the Scilly Isles. They have to get there. I do appreciate that, madam. We have half the southwest constabulary out looking for an incredibly dangerous man. Inconvenient for all of us, but that's how it is. [dramatic music] Everything went sweetly. Is it all here? Yes. You had yours out of it? Yes, son. Thanks. Been in our cold storage for three years. It's a cool million, huh? John? Television said you've got a gun. No, no, I ditched it, mum. Don't worry. When are you going? Well, a couple of days. I've got a bit of unfinished business. Be careful, son. Please. Sure. I'll send you a postcard, huh? Better be going. Father will be having kittens out there. Thanks for everything, mum. You've been a diamond. [dramatic music] Yes! TURNER: When I arrested Bonetti, I couldn't believe he'd done those murderous. Smooth-- he had the charm of a time share salesman. [laughter] WYCLIFFE: What was the drugs connection? TURNER: There was a gang pushing pills-- these amphetamines. My guess is that Bonetti was the bag man holding the money-- and we're talking a very large sum, in cash. Is this dealings money, off the street? Yeah. it costs users a fortune to maintain the amphetamine habit. And they were pushing tablets in handfuls all over the southwest. Names? We had a few possibles-- nothing strong enough to move on. Bonetti killed our best informant, then he killed his wife to make it look kosher. Cheeky devil even made a claim on her insurance-- but I had him for it. Any idea where he might have gone to ground? Who might harbor him? No, but he'll come crawling back out of the woodwork as soon as he's ready, if he doesn't wing it to the continent. Right. Who sprung Bonetti off the moor, do we know? Well, all got so far is this young woman who is a prison visitor. She claims she did it for love. Love? Mm-hm. Bonetti? Bonetti would love a woman like a weasel loves a rabbit. Right, well, thanks for that, Jack. Pleasure. I hear you're in line for the divisional commander's job. Who told you that? Oh, rumor squad. Not true, then? I'm pondering. There's a tide in the affairs of men, Charlie. I only offer it once. I know. [dramatic music] [suspenseful music] [door creaking] [suspenseful music] [loud click] HARRY: This is the replica gun used in the escape. Now as you can see, the ident number is being transferred by the mold from which it was modeled. Took a bit of teasing out, but we came up with it. Thanks. The gun was registered to an Ian Rigby. He reported it stolen several months ago. Rigby's name came up in the Bonetti murder papers-- some suspicion of involvement with drugs. Nothing proven. Could be linked, sir. Rigby. He gives the real gun to Jane Hardy, she copies it and slips it into Bonetti in prison. I was thinking, sir. Bonetti's stuck in prison. Well, if he's the only one who knows where the drug ring's money is-- well, that'll be some real leverage. Because if he threatened to blow the whistle on the rest of them, well, they couldn't shut him up-- not without losing the money. - So they had to spring him. - Yeah. Hm. Do we have an address for this Ian Rigby. POTTER: A, Castor Cottage, Kilverton. Get a warrant, sir? Yes. Yes, right, right. Thanks, Harry. Well done, Potter. Yes. Any joy with that envelope, yet? Not yet, sir, no. No, so what are we waiting for then, eh? Always get the rub job. That's the job, son. Hours of boring plod punctuated by moments of sheer, bloody terror. And I know which I prefer. [phone ringing] [dramatic music] [phone ringing] Hello? John. Where are you? No, no-- don't come here. Yeah. You fly tomorrow. I love you. [dramatic music] The security camera is always on, videoing customers as they pass through the checkouts. It has a constant time code display. The bar code's read on each purchase and appears on the till roll, which is also timed. Keep all videotapes and till rolls for three weeks. So if we find this envelope item on your till rolls, we can get a timed match from the video surveillance tapes? Correct. A video image of who bought this? Oh, yes. Magic. Not quite. This way. All yours. [dramatic music] We'll go round the back. One minute. Now. [dramatic music] OFFICER: Sir? [dramatic music] Sir. Hm? Ian Rigby? That's my guess, yeah. He's not going to tell us much, is he? No. Get Frank's full forensic. Team. Have everybody clear away from the scene, please. [dramatic music] The dead man was identified as Ian Rigby. The police again warn that the escaped prisoner, John Bonetti, is still at large. We must stress that Bonetti is armed and extremely dangerous. Members of the public, if they think they've seen this man, must not approach him. Ring us on 41-209-717. [intense dramatic music] CORONER: The striations on this particular bullet are quite narrow. The weapon was probably a Basque 9 millimeter. Uh-huh. Within a range of around 6 feet. Time of death? Couple of days ago. Mr. Rigby was hit with two rounds slam in the heart. It's a good grouping. It's beginning to shape, sir, isn't it? I mean, Rigby helps Bonetti to escape using the Hardy woman. No sooner is he out, but Bonetti visits him and kills him. Why? Well, it's a double cross, isn't it? I mean, there's big money floating around. I mean, Bonetti gets greedy-- and if he takes out Rigby, there's one less to divvy up with. Yes, could be. So the Hardy woman's the key, though? Either Bonetti did charm her around his little finger in [inaudible] or she was in with him in the murder of Rigby. Let's pull her in again before Bonetti gets to her, or she does a disappearing act. Why didn't I join traffic? 500cc Norton throbbing between my legs and the smell of leather. And the wind in your Brylcreem? Winging a Ford Sierra down the A13, blues and twos going. No. I became a detective. Glorified bloody flower grader. Hey, don't knock it. We could grab the glory here. Whoever bought this envelope sent the gun to Jane Hardy. A pound to a peanut it was Rigby sent it to her. Obvious. And he's dead. Complete waste of time, this. Listen. Foot soldiers spend their lives wading through dross. Make sure you enjoy it, son. WYCLIFFE: Did you know a man named Rigby? No. Was it him gave you the gun? The one you copied? The Basque? I don't know who sent it. John arranged it. Well, Ian Rigby is now dead. We believe he was killed by John Bonetti with the gun that you left for him at the Trevithick tin mine. Jane. You're implicated in a murder inquiry. You have to tell us everything you know-- everything. I've been a fool. I really love him. I didn't know he was going to kill anyone. That's the truth. You've seen him, haven't you-- since he escaped? He's not out there roaming around, is he? He's-- he's holed up somewhere. Where? I-- Jane. Bonetti's used you. You fell in love. I know how it is. But believe me, this man is not worth your tears. He's-- he's ruthless. It goes beyond. You've got to tell us where he is. You've got to, please. Before somebody else gets killed. Oh, God. When you talked to him at the prison, did he ever mention anywhere-- anybody-- friend in the area? Jane? Think, Miss Hardy, think. Anything? He talked about his mum and dad a lot. They-- they have a caravan outside Newquay. He said he used to go there during the holidays. That's all I know. I'm sorry. Oh, ma'am. Message. - Who from? - That bloke-- Simon somebody. Oh, thanks. Who's he? Get TFU, would you please? Jane Hardy has just given us a possible safe house for Bonetti. She's down in the custody suite. When they give the clear to let her go, you follow her, OK? Wherever she goes, you stay on her back. LANE: Sir? Can we get full surveillance, sir? We'll try to put that together. Meantime, you're on your own. Yes. Look, who's speaking? I want a tactical firearms unit, full works. Yes. Caravan site near Newquay. Bonetti. Yes, Bonetti, the escaped prisoner. [suspenseful music] [sudden dramatic music] Police! Don't move! Hands behind your back! Put your hands behind your back! Do it! Now! Now! [suspenseful music] Blue one for blue leader. Blue one. All received, eight. We've got Bonetti. Excellent. There's just one problem. What's that? He's already dead-- shot. [dramatic music] Sarge. Double check this. 7, 6, 5, 8, 9, 0, 7, 4, 3, 2, 1. Bingo. Full line. Yes. SARGE: What date? Third of the month. Right. Now all we need to do is find the matching videotape. POTTER: Oh, no. It's all right-- they're marked. Nice one. [loud chatter] [dramatic music] So, he was shot through the chest at close range? Some time last night-- early hours to dawn. Small caliber weapon. 9 millimeter basque, was it? Something like that? Well, it's not my field. Tell you more after we've got him up on the slab. No sign of a gun? No. There's a cushion that was obviously used to silence the shot. Oh, and we found these under the bed, sir. Two 50 pound notes, used. The whole thing was obviously very carefully laid. Somebody got Bonetti out of prison so they could kill him, sir? That's right. Get their hands on the money only he had the key to, and then to silence him permanently. Yeah. The question is, who? [suspenseful music] Oh. Shh. 3 and 0, trump. Show me. That's him. He bought the envelope used to send the gun to Jane Hardy. Well, it certainly isn't Ian Rigby. I've seen him before. [suspenseful music] [sudden dramatic music] Whew. Let's go. [dramatic music] [both laughing] [dramatic music] Police! Stay where you are1 Your flight's cancelled, Mr. Warne. So Warne was behind the whole thing, eh? So it would appear. Dixon and I will take them on, sir, shall we? Yes, yes, yes. I want you with me, Lucy. If we wrap Warne up by 6:00, we could grab a few beers, eh? Job done. What do we do the Hardy woman on, sir? Just aiding the escapee? Let's find out. You sent the real gun to Jane Hardy, didn't you? Now we've got you on videotape buying the envelope it was sent in. No comment. You were in with Rigby and Bonetti dealing drugs, Mr. Warne. Jane Hardy's already told us this. No comment. You help Bonetti to escape, he gave you back the real gun, and you killed Rigby. Is that how it went? No comment. INTERROGATOR: And then you killed Bonetti. You double crossed him, as well, didn't you? [inaudible] INTERROGATOR: Could you speak up, Mr. Warne? For the tape? (WHISPERING) No comment. Are you sure you don't want a solicitor present? Yes, I am. How long had you and George Warne been having a relationship, Jane? We met a couple of years ago. I had a cocaine habit that I couldn't afford. Ah, I see. And he supplied your needs? Yeah. And then he persuaded me to help him and Rigby get Bonetti out of prison. I became a prison visitor. Bonetti was convinced that I was in love with him. He thought that he was using me. I only did it for George. So you were in love with George Warne, then? Very. He said that he wanted to give up drug dealing once and for all. We'd get Bonetti out of prison, divide up the money, and then make a fresh start-- go somewhere. He didn't tell me he was going to kill anyone. So-- so Warne lied to you? Yeah. Now you told us that you left the gun-- the real gun-- at the Trevithick tin mine for Bonetti to collect-- that's what you said. It was a lie, wasn't it? Yes. I gave the gun back to George after I'd made the replica. That's was what we'd planned. And then Warne used the gun to kill Bonetti and Rigby. Yes. I didn't know he was going to do that-- not kill them. I swear. People do foolish things, Miss Hardy. Take enormous risks, tell any lie, and all in the name of love. Yes. They get confused, upset-- until the difference between the truth and lying just doesn't seem to matter anymore. But it doesn't matter, Miss Hardy. You're a very accomplished liar, aren't you, Jane? In fact, you're lying now. No. Yes. You convinced Warne you were in love with him just the same as you convinced Bonetti. You planned it, the whole thing, didn't you? No. It was your idea to spring Bonetti to get your hands on the money, and then for Warne to kill Bonetti and Rigby-- that's the-- that's the real truth, isn't it? You can't prove any of that. All I did was smuggle in a replica gun, that's all. Mr. Warne is up the corridor right this minute. He'll go down for murder, Miss Hardy, and he'll take you with him. I need the loo. Interview suspended at 17:52. Look, let's cut the crap. I can give you names. All Warne's international contacts. A lot goes via Spain. Drug dealers all over the Southwest and the London end. That'd be very co-operative of you. You can have it all, but only if you drop me out of the murder charge. You admit it, then? You planned the whole thing? I admit nothing. Then I'm sorry, Miss Hardy. I don't do deals-- not with killers. [dramatic music] So are you going to take the job, sir? Divisional commander? I don't think so, Doug. Need someone down here to stay on your back and keep you honest. Might as well be me. - Good night. - Good night. Good night. I told you wasn't interested in promotion. He's obsessed with detecting-- delving at the dark side. You can't do that flying a desk. Owe you a tenner. No, now don't be silly. Just buy me a lot of drink. Another time. Eh? I'm meeting someone. Oh. Simon, is it? [sighs] Do I know him? No. [dramatic music] [theme music] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 