London Kills: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 London Kills 
 s2e1 - The Dark - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 London Kills (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - The Dark - full transcript 
 Construction workers find the remains of a young man who appears to have been strangled to death more than a year ago, but when his sister is notified, she claims he's been sending her ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 What's he doing here? Who's that? Detective Inspector Bradford. Isn't he on compassionate leave? Not anymore. You don't think I should be here, do you? No, not while you don't know where your wife is. What do you think about the D.I.'s wife? I think she's dead. So who is he? Tom Pryce. 24 years old. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I hear you found the body? Can I get your name? Amber Saunders. If there is anything in your private life that's affecting your work... It's just a problem with a friend I'm trying to help. Nice place. The boss's wife is missing, and that's you with her bag. Why does she have Sarah's bag? You know I've always thought there were two people involved in that murder. I think Amber's one of them. Now these attacks are getting more frequent and more violent. I think Amber Saunders is a psychopath. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You are going nowhere until you tell me where my wife is. I need to get away from him. I think he killed Amber. Just like he killed my mum. Male, going on what's left of his clothes. Strangulation, going on the belt 'round his neck. The buckle's distinctive. Might help with the I.D. Still bothering you? It's fine. Yeah, well, it's good to have you back. -You've been missed. -Thanks. Vivienne sent me flowers. Say that again. I know. I was pretty touched. What have we got? Boss? The Camden murder. We're ready to brief you now. I drove down to Brixton this morning to view a body. Yet another dead woman who matched my wife's description. It wasn't Sarah. Decomp puts the body in the ground about a year ago. The house was rented by students, four males, one female, all in their early 20s, which ties in with SOCO's estimation of the rough age of the victim. Now, the landlord paid two of the male students to lay decking last summer. That is Freddie Harrison and Nazeeb Khabi. Final payment was handed to Nazeeb late July just after Freddie had left for the holidays. Right. Oh, Billie. It's good to have you back. Thanks, sir. I was loving my mum fussing, but it was time. Anything you need, just let us know. So, you were away when the decking was completed? Yeah, I was visiting my girlfriend in Plymouth. When I came back, I just assumed Freddie had finished it. Landlord was gonna get someone in, but Freddie was skint. He reckoned we could bluff our way through from looking it up on the Internet. I texted him about his share of the money. I haven't heard from him since. Do you recognize this belt? It's got quite a distinctive buckle. Was this...with him? So Nazeeb recognized the belt as Freddie's. Also, height and hair color correlate with the remains. Bank records? Uh, there's no activity on the bank or phone accounts for about a year. He might have just stopped using them, but... But it's looking more and more likely, given the timing, that he is our John Doe. We need to confirm it. Well, Freddie and his sister, Karen, were in care. So, the local authority should have details on the dentist. Also, Freddie was arrested when he was a teenager, so we'll have DNA, too. I'll put a request in. Oh, we've got an address for the sister. According to Nazeeb, she and Freddie were very close. Makes you wonder why she hasn't reported him missing. David Bradford. No, she's not off sick. Right. Let me know if she turns up, will you, please? Thanks. Carly's not shown up at college. This is me. You know what to do. Karen Harrison? Yep, hang on. Can we have a quick word? What's this about? I'm Trainee Detective Constable Billie Fitzgerald. This is Detective Constable Rob Brady. It's just a couple of questions about your brother, Freddie. Is he all right? Can you confirm he lived at 14 Bello Crescent? That's right. What's going on? Human remains were found in the back garden. We believe they've been there from around the time your brother was living there. Okay, but he moved out of there last summer. Can you tell us the last time you saw or spoke to Freddie? Sometime that summer. Look, I know you want to talk to him but he couldn't have had owt to do with that. So, you haven't heard from him in over a year? I said I haven't spoken to him. I didn't say I ain't heard from him. Hang on. You all right? I got this last week from him on my birthday. This is from Freddie? It's this stupid thing we did when we were younger. We were in different care homes, so we used to keep in touch sending each other crappy postcards. It's definitely his handwriting? Yeah, 'course. He's been doing that smiley face by his name since he were 11. He goes off sometimes when he needs to get his head together. He's bipolar. We heard that he got himself in a bit of trouble whilst he was in care. He's got a mental illness, so he's got to be bad news, right? Nah, I didn't mean that at all. I'm -- I'm sorry. I've really got to get this. D.C. Brady. We get the bad end of mental health. People self-medicating with drugs, alcohol. That's what we get to clear up. It don't make 'em bad people. My best mate from junior school was bipolar. I know that. Karen, there's, um... We've had an I.D. It's not my brother. I'm afraid dental records confirm that it is. No. No. It can't be. I told you, he's been writing to me. Karen, we're so, so sorry. Almost identical to the ones we know he wrote, so whoever sent the fakes had access to his handwriting. And knew that receiving postcards would stop Karen from reporting him missing. We've I.D.'d the other housemates? Yeah, we got this from Nazeeb. I just thought I ought to let you know. And the police are gonna want to talk to everyone. You're saying we're suspects? After what went on, of course we are. Mark? As far as the police are concerned, it was just a normal house share. Right? Everyone got along. We stick to that, and we'll be fine. Hello? Yep. Uh, yeah. Sure. I'll take a break when you get here. Okay. The police want to talk to me again. You didn't tell us there was trouble in the house. Only the usual stuff over who forgot to replace the loo rolls. We got this from Karen's phone. It's a text chat between her and Freddie about a row that you two had. It was over the decking. He just left the whole thing to me, barely got out of bed. Then when I came back from Plymouth, it was finished, and he just cleared off. Freddie seems to think you were on the verge of asking him to move out. Was that about toilet roll? When the depression kicked in, he was a nightmare to live with. I know he's bipolar, but... Look, the biggest fallout in the house was between Freddie and Leshae. Leshae moved out over it. The landlord wouldn't give him his rent back. But he wanted to get away from Freddie. He hated the guy. Nazeeb's alibi checks out. He was in Plymouth that whole weekend. What do we have on this other housemate, Leshae Hobbs? The bank confirmed Leshae changed his contact address. But what's really interesting is that he was arrested for assault after he punched Freddie in the student bar. And this was about three weeks before we think Freddie died. Yeah, there's also Justine. She was Freddie's girlfriend, but now she's got a baby with the other housemate, Mark. Nazeeb reckons that Justine saw Freddie pack and leave after the decking was finished. So she's either mistaken or lying. Let's find out which. Rob, I've left messages with Carly, and the college is checking with her friends. It's been a couple of hours. She's not a misper. She's an angry teenager. If you haven't heard from her by 4:00, then I'll drive around myself. Thanks. I don't think I said I'd seen him leave. He just packed up and gone. Or at least I thought he had. Um, he left a note that just said, "See you later. See you whenever," something like that. Do you still have the note? No. We also understand you and Freddie used to be in a relationship. It was never that serious. Was it, between you and Freddie. Oh, no, nothing like when Mark and I got together. So, it was you who ended the relationship with Freddie. Um, it just sort of fizzled out. Um, when Freddie's depression got really bad, he couldn't see the point in anything, especially a girlfriend. Freddie had a lot of stuff on his mind. We were the least of his concerns. Are you talking about his mental illness or his -- his conflict with Leshae? Appreciate the time. So, your mate Nazeeb said that you and Freddie had a major bust-up. Do you want to tell me what that was all about? The guy was selfish. I reached a tipping point. That's it. What can you tell me about the bar fight between Leshae and Freddie? It was just whatever was going on in the house spilled over. Mark? Or maybe something at college. But I really don't know. I was in a completely different department, so... So Leshae and Freddie were in the same course? Yeah. History. But as I said, I really don't know if that was anything to do with it. I was drunk. He'd been drinking, and he probably shouldn't 'cause he must have been on some serious meds. Look, we sorted it out. But the damage was done. I had to go. So you had a good room in a good place, and you walked away from 200 quid rent you'd already paid. You need to help me out with this. Look, I wasn't even in the house when Freddie was -- When you say he died. You think I was that angry that I came back and put him in a hole in the ground over dirty dishes. You're crazy, man. How old do you think Justine and Mark's baby is? 10 months, a year? Patrick Lewis from Leshae and Freddie's history course said that when Freddie was in his manic phase, his spending went up. So, he'd fund himself by writing other people's essays. He thinks Leshae might have been a customer. That was helpful of Mark to let us know they were both in the same course. Leshae was caught plagiarizing. He was lucky not to get thrown out. Look, I paid him, and he copied the damn thing off the Internet. So I punched him. That was the entire extent of my anger. They only let me stay on the course 'cause I bleeding-hearted about being the first in my family to got to uni. Told me to get my head down and keep it down. But hearing what happened in that flat when I left... Like what? Just that it got really messy with Mark and Justine there. When Freddie and Justine split, was that a mutual decision? No. No, Freddie ended it. Justine was broken up. Mark was her shoulder to cry on. I guess he got the girl in the end, but... it was still awkward with Freddie there. So, what was the plan? To get Freddie to move out of his own accord. How? So, this is our guy Freddie a couple of months before he died. Aah! Help! Aah! Poor guy's terrified. Leshae said they let Freddie fumble around the house in the darkness for a couple of minutes, scared stupid. Mark comes back and flicks the fuse back on. Crucified him, mate. He'll be out, and you'll be back in, no worries. Some friends, eh? We hid his food. Spilled water under the radiator in his room. Yeah, I know. I'm really proud of myself. But the power-cut stuff? That was too much. He was afraid of the dark. And he was ill. That was affecting his health. Do you think they knew that? I think Mark did. Freddie's sister got Freddie to go back on his meds when he wasn't coping. Mark got impatient waiting for them to kick in. There was no improvement? Maybe a bit. But then he got worse. More manic, more paranoid. Mark said I should tell him to move out. And did you? I was going to... when I came back from Plymouth. But then... ...he was gone. The toxicology report is back. There were traces of Freddie's prescribed meds, but there was also anther drug called Teliphynide. Oh, don't ask me to spell that. It's a severe asthma drug, and it's contraindicated for his drugs. No one's mentioned asthma. Yeah, track down Freddie's medical records, and we'll talk to his sister and see if he's been prescribed any in the past. What happens if you mix the two together? Paranoia, hallucinations, confusion. Toxicology found an asthma drug in Freddie's system, and we're trying to ascertain how it got there. He wouldn't even take an aspirin. Can you imagine what it were like trying to get him onto his own meds? You did everything you could. It weren't enough. I miss him. I've always missed him. Would anyone else have had knowledge of Freddie's meds? Mark studied pharmacology. News on Carly? Uh, nothing. Look, I've just realized I've a meeting with the superintendent at the headquarters. It's the last thing I need today. Mark Miller, I'm arresting you on suspicion of murder and for the administering of a noxious substance, thereby endangering life. You do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defense if you do not mention, when questioned, something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence. -Do you understand? -Mark? Don't worry. Don't worry, okay? It's just a misunderstanding. What's the bet that when we go digging, we find a forged prescription or -- or a missing batch of Teliphynide? Or maybe Justine lied about finding the note from Freddie and she was in on it, too. I wrote the note. As far as she's aware, Freddie had gone for the summer. And what about the postcards sent to Karen? That was you? I buried him. But I didn't kill him. You be a good boy and look after your mummy for me, okay? And how long's this gonna go on? Us having to hide away? Not much longer. I promise. Am I just gonna disappear like your wife? I said I'd look after you, and I will. Call me. Anytime. Rob. I was just about to call you. Listen, Carly's fine, but, uh... she was caught shoplifting. Where? A shop called Perfect Occasion. The security just called here for you. Address? 39 Rozier Street. It's near her college. It'll only take me a minute to go down there. No. I'm not far away. Loving the silent treatment, Detective Inspector. Don't push me. Came home from a uni bar Saturday night. He was -- Look, I-I just -- I just found him. He'd hanged himself. On the back of the door in his room. -What had he used? -A belt. His belt. I th-- I thought I'd caused it. I mean, I knew that the Teliphynide would show up in his system and -- and I'd get blamed. They were still working on the decking, so I put him in the hole and I covered him over. I told Nazeeb that Freddie had finished it and gone. And you had no help. Where was Justine? In the library. I had it all sorted by the time she got back. And what about what was buried with the body? The torch, Mark. Right, well... it was dark. And I needed something to help me to see. So, I must have just forgotten about it. The next morning, I left a note for Just to find saying that Freddie had gone. She never knew a thing. So, Mark's story stacks up. He's lying about the torch, though. He didn't seem to know it was there. He dropped it and then didn't know he buried it. I'm sorry. I'm missing your point. Okay, look, Freddie was scared of the dark. What if, as a last act of love, someone else put it down there? So you think Mark had an accomplice? I checked with forensics about fingermarks on the postcards sent to Karen. No matches for Mark, but we do have prints that match on the torch, the postcards, and the stamps, as yet unidentified. Fast-track the elimination prints and DNA. Let's get Justine in. Maybe Mark did manage to hide it all from her. But I want her side. Justine, open up. It's the police. She's gone. A neighbor saw her leave in a cab with the baby straight after Mark was arrested. She had a large bag with her. Justine booked a cab to Paddington, but she turned her phone off straight after, so we're not gonna get cell site. There's a bank withdrawal receipt listed in Mark's custody belongings. He took out over 3 grand not long after you two interviewed Justine this morning. They were planning on doing a runner together. So now she's going it alone. We need to have another word with Mark. While you're doing that, you can ask him about the hairline crack in Freddie's skull. The pathologist believes that was the cause of death. Well, no wonder she's running. This is way beyond covering up a suicide. We're looking at murder. I told you, Justine has nothing to do with this. There's prints that match on the torch and on the postcards, and they're not yours. If they're not Justine's, then let us rule her out. I don't know where she is. Now, I know how much you love Justine. I mean, why else would you bring up someone else's baby? What are you talking about? Jack's mine. I'm his dad. I checked Jack's birth with the registry. Justine was already pregnant before you two got together. I think Justine still loves Freddie. Are you willing to go down for murder to protect her? Paddington was a decoy in case we got followed. She's heading for Victoria Coach Station. Uh, hi, Carly. I'm looking for your dad. Why haven't you done anything about what I told you? That David's to blame for whatever's happened to my mum. Uh, you've been through a terrible experience. So, you didn't believe me. Oh, uh, Justine is trying to get to her family in France. We're going to Victoria Station. Fine. Stay here, okay? Bay 14. She was here. Come on. She can't have gone far. Stop! Police! Justine, stop! Where are you going? W-With a baby, how far do you think you're gonna get? Now, stop. Justine, don't put your little boy at risk. No, Justine, listen to me. Um... I told Freddie I was pregnant, and he told me to have an abortion. So I got mad and I yelled at him and I walked out. And, um, I heard him phone his sister. He was telling her how -- how he wasn't ready to be a dad. So where did you go? To get drunk at the college bar. But I-I couldn't do it. I knew I was gonna keep the baby. So, Mark took me home. And I went to Freddie's room. But the door was blocked. Mark pushed it open. And Freddie was hanging from the door handle. Sorry. And after that, you buried him, made it look like he'd moved out, sent the postcards to his sister. What'd you do with his belongings? Uh, Mark took most of them to the dump. I tidied up. I loved him, you know. Even if he never really loved me. I buried the torch with him. You said that you took most of his stuff to the dump. What did you do with the rest? Well, I had to save something, for Jack. If I ever told him that his daddy died. So where is it, Justine? Hey. Yet if Freddie was in an anguished state that night about his pregnant girlfriend and he phoned his sister, Karen, what do you think she would do? Be with him. Yeah. The forensics are back from the pregnancy test. So, the fingermarks are Justine's and Freddie's. And we've got a DNA match for a third person. Karen? Yep, she's in the system for shoplifting when she was 19. Karen was definitely there on that night. File on the arrest and trial of Freddie and Karen's father. Not only was the man a violent drunk, he also sexually abused Karen. Why didn't you tell us you went 'round to see Freddie when he found out Justine was pregnant? What are you talking about? We found your DNA on the pregnancy test. We know you were there. Why didn't you tell us? What happened, Karen? It was an accident. You don't know what my dad did to me. We do. He twists everything. Messes with your head. Makes you doubt everything. You don't trust anyone. We're just trying to understand what happened. When I went over there, Freddie was stamping around, yelling. He had no friends. No one cared about him. He was falling apart. I made him sit down on the bed. I sat down next to him. I put my arm 'round him. I don't know why I thought he'd do it. I was so stupid. I thought -- It -- It looked like he was gonna kiss me. I panicked, and it wrecked him. He was screaming at me. "What'd you think I was gonna do? What'd you think I were gonna do?" He thought I were -- I was saying he were acting like our dad. He pushed me against the wall. I was so scared. I reached out, and I felt this lamp. It was so heavy in my hand. I just wanted to make him stop. I know. I know I should have reported it, but I couldn't have Kayleigh going into care. So you made it look like a suicide. And then when his flatmates didn't report it, I thought they must have their own reasons to keep it quiet. And when you started getting the postcards? I was sure of it. How did that make you feel? Angry. Sad. They were messing with me, just like they messed with him. He was doing so well until those last few weeks. They were tampering with his medication. They wanted him out of the house. Sick. Justine cared enough to bury the torch with him. She would have known. He was always scared of the dark. You ready? Don't know. Kinda settled in. Have you been drinking my whiskey? You know, this stuff doesn't get any better. It's disgusting. We're going. Now. Kayleigh's dad'll take her. Karen won't have to worry about her going into the system. I expect there will be some leniency, given her past. Detective Cole, why are you protecting him? - Just get in the car. - He's a liar! He lied to my mum all the time! - Carly, stop. - No, you did. You know he's got two phones. Any of you ever asked him about that? My mum did, and he just denied it, made her think she was going mad. She found some whiskey in my office. You're all police officers. Can't you see what's happening here? The reason you can't find her is 'cause he killed her! Come on, love. You'll be all right. Come on, sweetie. Come on. Give me your bag. She's been through so much, she doesn't know what she's saying. Okay, feeling better? I just miss her so much. I know, love. So do I. They don't need an audience. See you tomorrow. Let's get in the car. Is that making sense to you? I know she's looking for someone to blame, but she thinks that David's got something to do with it. He has got two phones. I've seen him use the second one. He used it today before he went to a meeting that didn't exist. What are you saying? I don't know. But David used that same phone before he slipped out of the pub the night that Sarah disappeared. But he was with you all night. Wasn't he? Not all night. He left early. I covered for him. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 