Wanted: Dead or Alive: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Wanted: Dead or Alive 
 s1e5 - Passing of Shawnee Bill - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Wanted: Dead or Alive (1958–1961): Season 1, Episode 5 - Passing of Shawnee Bill - full transcript 
 Randall is rooked into advancing half the bounty to a man who promises to lead him to the wanted criminal Shawnee Bill, but Bill may be closer than Randall thinks and he's not even the only bounty hunter on his trail. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'll bet 50. Raise you 100. Show your cards. Kinda reckless, with luck crowding me the way it's been. I don't know, poker's like the rules of living. Sometimes it feels right to be reckless. Sleep warm, gentlemen. Excuse me... Whisky, please. Drown the memory of a bad dinner. Your name Randall? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Got a message for you. - Who from? Big fella wearing a corduroy jacket. Stood right here and watched you take in that last pot. - Wanted some words with you. - Don't know him. Look, Randall, I'm just delivering a message. Says he wants to talk to you in your room. - I don't have a room here. - You do now. He just paid the rent on it. 203, second floor, front. Much obliged. PASSING OF SHAWNEE BILL I guessed right about you. Pretty sure of yourself for a man that's never met me. Oh, I've heard of you. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I know you go for a deal anywhere where there's money. My name is Poe, William Poe. Ever hear of a man called Shawnee Bill? - I have. Skip the description. Just look at the price. I know what he looks like: six foot one, 210 pounds, grey eyes and sandy hair. Could be anybody. Could be the banker here in Hooker, the bouncer in the bar... Yes, but I know where he is. For half that reward money in advance I'll take you to him. Sure you will. To his grave. He's been dead for 5 years. Oh, he's not dead. Then why don't you take him? Not without the use of one arm. He's a tough customer, Randall. The reason I've cut you in is because aside from your interest in hard cash I hear you have a strong hankering to uphold the law. Not this strong. A man investing $1000 in advance is thinking only one thing. Shawnee Bill might not be who you say he is. Then I lose. Well, nothing in life is that sure. That's the gamble, double or nothing. Looks like you've wasted room rent. Or maybe you've lost your nerve. I watched you play poker downstairs. You were betting like a man who bet long odds. I was wrong about you. You play that kind of poker when you're holding 3 kings against a sucker who thinks luck and no brains will get him through. Too bad, Randall. Where do we find him? A little town called Trinidad, Colorado, about 80 miles across the Texas border. About 170 miles from here. You could make it in 6 days. Poe, you've gotten yourself a headache. We're gonna stay closer together than 2 fleas in a prairie chicken. Go and make yourself comfortable. You gonna be here for the night. Alright. That's enough. Say, boy, would you like to make a dollar? - Sure! - Hold this. I want you to take this letter, put it on the Butterfield stage. Gotcha! I want you to hurry. Thanks, boy. Hurry it up. Come on... Your horse is saddled, Poe. Let's get this taken care of now. Don't you worry about my shoulder. Let's move it. Game's over, Randall. What's the matter with you? That $1000 you gave me is in a U.S. mailbag on board that stagecoach. About that long trek to Trinidad Colorado. The trip really isn't necessary. You see, I'm Shawnee Bill. Hold it! Sandy hair, grey eyes... Six foot one, about 210 pounds. William Poe, alias Bill Poe, alias Shawnee Bill. Funny sense of humor. A gambler like yourself should appreciate it. You can put that up. Randall, you bet into a hand that's a too big for you. We're not through yet. Sure, you're gonna take me to Colorado and turn me in. I think you'd best consider that 170 miles is a long way. Anything can happen. It said dead or alive. You can't carry a dead man far across rough country. Why not save us both some needless wear and tear? Take your licking, mark it up to profit loss. - Only your loss. I'll get you back. And I'll get that reward. That's if we both get to Colorado together. For $1000 I'll take you to Haiti, now get mounted. You're gonna need a lot of luck. I might at that. Hold it. What's eating at you, Randall? It's the third time we've backtracked in the last hour. You wouldn't know why. There's nobody out there. There isn't, huh? I'm telling you nobody. Just you and me and all this loneliness. And 150 more miles to go! Maybe you'd like to back out? Just like cutting off my right arm. Here... - I don't want any. - Drink it. I'm delivering you to Colorado, Nice and healthy now, hear? Nobody out there, huh? Whose fire is that? We've been followed ever since Hooker. Then let me go, right here and now. - Who is he? I told you 170 miles can be a long way to take me. Your partner ain't gonna get you away from me. Better get used to travelling at night. You're wasting your talents. That's no partner of mine. I'll tell you one thing, he's not losing our trail. You can backtrack from now till the cows come home. His name is Galt. He's half-Cherokee. Can't shake him off. Whether you like it or not, you've got yourself another shadow. Wiping out those tracks isn't gonna save you. If he doesn't get you I will. Will you now? I'm not lying. He's after me. You're good. Real good. Look, I'm telling you. Six years ago, Galt and I did a job with 2 other men. The other 2 were killed. Galt got himself captured. I got away with the money. That'd figure. When he got out of prison, he came back to get his share. I no longer had it. Money kind of burns a hole in my pocket. - Easy come, easy go. - Let's talk about that too. I got away. He hadn't caught up with me till just now. It was him who gave me this wound in my shoulder. The day before I hit Hooker and found you. He wants that reward money as bad as you do. He feels that he's entitled to it. He'll kill you to get it. Like it was when we first started. You might both kill me and that's my gamble. Get on. I hope you fill your flush. Here. I don't want any. Drink it. We're through walking. Well? He's out there, walking on velvet. - Think you lost him? - I lost him. No rest for the weary. Look who's down there. Galt! I'm waiting, Randall! Thought I'd shaken you off. I want the man you're taking in. Shawnee Bill. You're a little late. Galt? Let's you and me make a trade. Nobody gets hurt, just Shawnee Bill. What kind of a trade? We share the reward. That's not a good deal. You'd hardly get your money back. Besides, supposing he double-crosses you? That's great coming from you! Randall! No deal! Now get the horses cinched. I'll outwait you. I don't have a chance against that gun of yours but you're gonna make one slip. Now you believe me? Maybe. What real chance have you got of cashing me in? You're gonna fall on your face at any hour. He's gonna kill you to take me. The only chance you got is to let me go. - No. Look, Randall... this is my fight with Galt. Why get your head blown off for money you'll never see? - I paid to be here. You know, it's too bad. We'd have made a great team. Except we're on different sides of the fence. We'll walk the horses up there. When I tell you, you mount quick. Alright. Okay, mount up! Shawnee! Randall! There's only one way out of that pocket. That's up toward me. And I got plenty of time! - Who is it? - Bill Poe. There isn't any mistake. Take him round to Crawford's park. - Seems like he was known. - He's lived here 6 years. Whatever trouble you went to, thank you. - Poe was a good, law-abiding man. - Only been gone 2 weeks. Funny, he left town to raise $1000 to send his wife to St Louis. She needed an operation. He was going to settle there, sell out his ranch. The money come in by stagecoach yesterday. She died the day before. Their little girl will need the money. Now she ain't got nobody but her grandma. A little girl? Prettiest thing you ever saw. Just 5 years old. You haven't told us where you found him, or who you are. My name's Randall. I found him up near Squaw Canyon. Somebody probably tried to rob him for a $10 bill. We'll tell his girl someday that a man named Randall was kind to her father. You do that. I'll see you now, hear? Subtitles by Télétota 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 