Wanted: Dead or Alive: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Wanted: Dead or Alive 
 s1e3 - The Bounty - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Wanted: Dead or Alive (1958–1961): Season 1, Episode 3 - The Bounty - full transcript 
 A reclusive old man with an Apache bodyguard is wanted for a crime committed long ago. Randall tags along with an overeager bounty hunter to ensure the man is brought back alive. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This place got a name? No. Just take your water and go. Being unfriendly arouses a man's curiosity. Ever think of that? Not many men come here. We have no reason to be friendly. Next time a man rides in, just let him go through. Thanks for the water and help. - I owe you a favor. - You owe me nothing! Don't ever come back. THE BOUNTY 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What brings you into town, Josh? Nothing special, just passing through. You said the same thing last time I saw you. That was 5 or 6 years ago. When you putting down some roots? I wish I knew. John, I cut across a flat from Piketown. About 2 days out I ran out of water. I met an Indian with some awful funny ways! Two days out? Sounds like Charlie Two-Hawks. Old man Hernandez Segundo. - He give you trouble? - He started to. Girl showed up, looked like a breed. She cooled him off. Juanita Hernandez. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Juan Hernandez has been living out there with his Indians about 15 years now. This Charlie cause any trouble before? Nothing serious, ran off 2 or 3 travelers, that's all. You see old man Hernandez himself? I saw somebody watch me. Didn't get a good look at him. He isn't friendly. He's got his reasons I suppose. Makes a man wonder though. Not so much as you'd ask any questions! You know as well as I do a lot of men make one big mistake in their lives. Maybe that's true of Juan Hernandez. But from what I know of him, if it is true, he deserves a chance. That's good enough for me. 'Fraid I disagree, Sheriff. Nobody asked your opinion, Daimler. Well, Josh. Been a long time. Not long enough. One of these days, you'll make me mad. How do I do it, Daimler? Just stay out of my way. That's enough. Did you come in here to make trouble? I heard that about Hernandez. You didn't look very hard for something on him. Get out of here! I wanna show you something first. His real name's Vasquez, he's wanted for murder. There's $500 on him, dead or alive. This thing's over 15 years old. There's no statute of limitations on murder, Sheriff. There's no proof that Hernandez and Vasquez are the same man. That's where you're wrong. Vasquez disappeared 15 years ago with his daughter. A month later Juan Hernandez shows up here with his kid. Vasquez's wife was an Apache girl, Hernandez's kid's a half-breed. You figure it out, Sheriff. Maybe you don't want to. - That still isn't proof. - There's more. Hernandez hiding out in the desert, never coming into town. His Indian herders chasing off anybody riding through. What more do you want? Enough to justify trying a man for murder! You do it your way. I'll stick to mine. Thanks for telling me where to find him, Josh. Ain't a thing I can do to stop him. He'll bring Hernandez in. Dead. You could ride out there, make sure he has a chance to stand trial. It's 4 days there and back! That's a long time to leave this town alone on the chance that Hernandez is really Vasquez and that Daimler will kill him for the bounty. That's what he's gonna do. Of course I do, but I can't prove it. A bounty hunter can gamble on being right. A lawman can't. All I can do is hope that Daimler brings him in alive. Well, I can do more than that. I'll make sure he does. Be careful, Josh. Daimler's dangerous and just as fast with a gun as you are. I'll see you now, hear? Take it easy, Daimler! I just wanna talk. You picked a poor way of going about it. It's the only way with a fast draw like you. You can move. You do it slow now. You just made a mistake. Wouldn't be my first. Might be your last. I'll give odds I can drop you before you can fire once. Bet you'd only lose once. There's nothing for me in killing you. Then put away your gun, I wanna talk. We got nothing to talk about. I think we have. If it's about Vasquez, I'm not splitting the bounty with nobody. You're not sure there is a bounty. How do you know it's Hernandez? He'll tell me himself. Hunted me are all alike. They follow a pattern they can't break. If Hernandez is the wrong man it'll show by his actions. And if it's Vasquez? He'll make a break for it and I'll have to stop him. Throw your guns down! Get back against the rocks. You were told to stay away. Sheriff Tatum knows we're here, and the man we came to see. - What man? Calls himself Hernandez. You kill us, you ruin the only chance Hernandez has. Say what you mean. The sheriff knows we're here. If we don't come back, he'll come looking. Hernandez will have to answer for what he's done, along with what you do now. You'll never come closer to dying, Daimler. Why'd he waste that first shot? He could have dropped us both. He wanted to make sure we were after Hernandez. In his own way he's trying to protect him. That's all he wants. All I want is that $500 bounty. We didn't settle that point, Josh. - It's all yours. On one condition. - What is it? You bring him Hernandez in to stand trial. Alive. I don't get you, Randall. You're meant to be a bounty hunter. I am, I just believe in giving a man a break even with a price on his head. I gave every man I killed an even break. Did you? That callus on your thumb is the mark of a gunman. How many hours do you practice thumbing the action on a Colt? - What chance they got against you? - As much as they got coming. I didn't put the price on their heads. What about Hernandez? Well, I'll tell you, Josh... It's like this... Don't move! I'd just as soon blow you apart as look at you. I told you, I won't split the bounty! And I'm making no promises! That Indian out there... It makes it sure Hernandez is the man I want. Sorry you talked him out of shooting. He had you in his sights first, he could've saved me a lot of bother. It's still not too late, patron. I can still drive these men away. - Kill them if I must. - No! I will go with these men. And you will let them pass. They will kill you. That is the way of these hunters of men! I do not think they will harm me. It is the bounty they wish, not my life. But if I am wrong... you will do as I told you to. I am alone. - Where is Randall? - I left him behind. I have come to take you to my father. I'll just bet you have! More likely you'll lead me into the hands of your Apache brothers. I speak the truth. I was sent to bring you to my father, to keep my Apache brothers from killing you. I'll chance it, but get one thing straight. The idea of killing a woman doesn't bother me. I did not think it would. Lead the way. Just remember what I said. Let's get it over with. You first! Forgive me, señor, if I do not stand up to welcome you. You know why I'm here, Vasquez! I've expected you, or some man like you, for a long time. I'm not here to talk. It's a long way to Miles City. The road is hard and dry. Make me the privilege of being hospitable before we start. Bring us some wine, my dear. It has been so long. What started you on my trail? A man your Apaches drove away 2 years ago checked back on you. He didn't believe you could be Vasquez. And you were willing to take that chance. You were right. I am Don Diego Vasquez. Or at least I was. It was a long time ago. Juanita's mother was a beautiful woman, señor. There was another man. He took her away with him. Leaving me and leaving Juanita behind her. She was dead before I found him. Not the man. So I killed him. When I thought of Juanita it was too late. So I brought her here to hide away for a while. I thought some time I would go back and face the charges against me. But each month... each year... it became harder to think of. We've wasted enough time. Let's go. My horse will be waiting, señor. Get on that horse! No, I kill you! Don't do it, I'll see you hang if you do. Padre mío! It is better this way, my dear. Isn't this what you wanted? A body to take back for the reward? The game is over. You think you have won. But you are wrong. You see, I thought of this. I, too, have posted a bounty. Haven't you done enough? Let her have him. He's worth $500 to me. I'm sorry, I didn't want it to be this way. You must not go with him! There is nothing you can do. Your father's men will kill him. Do you care what happens to him? It's not Daimler I'm worried about. You want Charlie Two-Hawks to be hunted down like your father was? I give you the word of my father: they will not kill him. Come out! Come out! You dirty stinkers! Give a man a chance! Come out. What did you do to him? Now the hunter knows what it is like to be hunted. I have collected the bounty. What bounty? I would have killed him but my white brother Hernandez forbid this. This man has made many enemies. They fear the swiftness of his gun. They no longer will be afraid. What was the bounty? The thumb from his right hand! Subtitles by TELETOTA 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 