Captain Planet and the Planeteers: Season 1, Episode 21 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Captain Planet and the Planeteers 
 s1e21 - Population Bomb - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Captain Planet and the Planeteers (1990–1996): Season 1, Episode 21 - Population Bomb - full transcript 
 Captain Planet prevents part of a wall breaking and falling on a crowded street in an overpopulated city. Back on Hope Island, the Planeteers learn that the world is very overpopulated and some countries try to slow it down. Wheeler, annoyed at the idea of anyone recommending how many children to have, goes out windsurfing despite an approaching storm. He's blown off-course and is washed up on an island with a miniature city. The inhabitants, genetically-effected mice with human characteristics including overpopulation and its resulting polluted land, capture Wheeler for food. His kind warden, Piebald, saves his life and the totalitarian government decides he should be shown to the masses to prove their society is well-off instead. When they learn about the Planeteers, their army attacks Hope Island and capture Linka and Kwame for slaves as well. Wheeler has to cooperate with the government to spare Piebald trouble, and think of a way to successfully rescue humanity... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Our world is in peril. Gaia, the spirit of the Earth, can no longer stand  the terrible destruction plaguing our planet. She sends five magic rings  to five special young people -- Kwame from Africa,  with the power of Earth. [ Sirens wailing ] From North America -- Wheeler,  with the power of fire. ** From the Soviet Union -- Linka,  with the power of wind. From Asia -- Gi,  with the power of water. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ** And from South America --  Ma-Ti, with the power of heart. When the five powers combine, they summon  Earth's greatest champion -- Captain Planet! All: Go, Planet! Captain Planet: The power is yours! [ Horns honking ] [ Siren wails ] [ Car alarm blares ] Kwame: This city is so crowded! [ Coughing ] And all this car exhaust. How can so many people live here? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Wheeler: Hey, I grew up in a big city. It's not so bad. Most of the people of the world live in big cities. Well I for on can't wait to get back to Hope Island. This place is so noisy. Kwame: And dirty. [ Sirens wail ] Heart! That building is breaking. [ Whistle blows ] [ All shout ] Quick! It's time for teamwork. Let our powers combine. Earth! Fire! Wind! Water! Heart! By your powers combined, I am Captain Planet! All: Go, Planet! Uh-oh! That building has fallout problems. [ All screaming ] Looks like I'm caught between a rock and a hard place. Now to put this piece back in the puzzle. A perfect fit. And here's my seal of approval. That ought to hold it until a repair crew comes along. [ All cheer ] This city's growing too fast! It's just not safe. The people have to live somewhere. Maybe there are just too many people in one place. If the number of people on our planet keeps growing the way it is, soon there will be too many people everywhere. The power is yours! Gaia: Captain Planet is right. Earth cannot support many more people. I think everyone should have fewer children. In some countries, the government recommends that a couple only have two children. Yeah? Well, no one is gonna tell me how many kids I can have. ** Wheeler, there's a big storm coming. I can take care of myself, okay? Be careful. Don't stay out long. I'll stay out as long as I want. They call this a storm? Pbht! Oh! Surf's up! Radical! Aah! Maybe this wasn't such a good idea after all. What a jerk I am. Land ahoy! Got to go for it! See if you can contact Wheeler, Ma-Ti. Aah! Ugh! Heart! Aah! Gi: Ma-Ti, what is it? Wheeler! He is hurt! Bozhe moi! Wheeler! [ Groaning ] My windsurfer. It's melting! This water must be packed with pollution! Where am I? Wow! It's a city, but it's tiny, and it sure is dirty. Yuck! It stinks, too! Talk about smog! Uh-oh. I don't think that's a welcoming committee. Hey, what's that? I don't know, but it looks like food. Hey, I give up! Peace. Let's zap it! Aah! ** Where am I? I can't move. Maybe I can use my ring to escape. Fire! It won't work. It must be the pollution. Aah! I'm caught in a runaway food processor! Help! Stop this thing! I'm no dead fish! [ Motor powers down ] Whew! Piebald: It talks! Huh? Well, what are you, then? My name is Wheeler, and I'm a person, a human being. What -- who are you? Call me Piebald. I'm a grade 6 food technician. But I used to be a scientist. What's the problem here? Why is the food processor stopped? We have hungry citizens waiting for food! Now get back to work. Captain Grosstail, sir, the strange creature we took from the sea is alive. It talks! Ouch! Cut it out! Whoa! General Claw must hear of this immediately! Do nothing until I return, Piebald, or else. General Claw -- he is the dictator! He rules Miceland with an iron fist. Oh, everyone hates him! I don't care who he is as long as he gets me out of here! Say, how come you can talk? I could ask you the same thing. After they tested the big bomb nearby and the strange rain came to our island, we changed from ordinary mice to what you see now. What is this place? We call it Miceland. And it was once a beautiful paradise. Our people lived simply. There was enough food for all. So our numbers grew and grew. We built cities to house our growing population. And we began consuming more and more. Soon, there were no trees left. Our beautiful island was one big city. And our beautiful blue sky turned brown and dirty. All the animals that used to live here are gone. Most we ate. The others we drove into the sea. We have only memories of them in our museums. Then we turned to the oceans to feed our ever-growing population, but at the same time, we used the oceans as a dumping ground for our sewage and our garbage. Now there are fewer and fewer fish and more and more mouths to feed. In spite of everything, our population keeps growing. Can't you stop it somehow? No. Everyone wants a big family. It's tradition. Yeah, I know what you mean. How did you get in trouble? As a scientist, I-I felt I had to speak out to tell the truth. My friends, we cannot go on having babies like there is no tomorrow! We cannot feed or house the ones we have! We must slow down! [ Crowd muttering ] Some agreed with me, but there were powers that did not want my message to get out. [ Crowd shouting ] I miss my wife and child. I wish I could meet them. This is when my baby was very young. I'll never see her grow up. I'll probably work in this fish factory till the day I die. General Claw: Because that's where you belong, you worthless rabble-monger! So this is the talking food unit. Make it speak, Captain Grosstail. Uh, it was talking before. Wait till my friends get here, you overgrown furball! I'll -- Friends? There are more creatures like you? Where? I'll never tell! It came from the north. Look how big it is! The land where it lives must be rich -- a perfect land to conquer! Alert the Air Force. We're going hunting! Grosstail, you guard the hairless on until I return! I can't let him get to Hope Island! If only I could get through to the Planeteers to warn them! [ Sighs ] No sign of Wheeler anywhere. We'll have to turn back soon. The eco-copter's batteries are running low. We cannot give up now. Please do something, Ma-Ti! I have tried and tried. There's a wall between us. Don't worry, Linka. We'll keep searching after we recharge our batteries. A strange airship. It must belong to the giant creatures. We will follow it back to its base. ** Anyone for lunch while the copter's recharging? Good idea. Come on, Linka. I am not hungry. How can you eat when Wheeler is lost and hurt? I just want to take a walk. Gosh, I didn't realize she was so upset. We're doing all we can. I will talk to her. Save us some sandwiches, okay? Look! Two hairless giants alone! Prepare the net! Gi is just as worried about Wheeler as you are, Linka. She just shows it differently. Oh, I know you are right, but I cannot help being upset. Maybe some food would help. Let us go. Whoa! Aah! Oh! Activate stun rays! Fire! Oh! Aah! Take the new slaves back to Miceland. I will return with a mighty army and lay claim to this new land. We will use all these creatures to feed our growing population. [ Laughs maniacally ] [ Factory whistle blows ] Piebald: Wheeler, I cannot let you become a slave like I am. I must free you. You must escape from this place. Then how about I help you escape, too? You could see your family again. Oh, that would be good. I wish my child had more to look forward to. But I am afraid her life will be one of hunger and fear. Ugh! Hey, things could change. With every passing day, we have more and more people to make it worse. Captain Grosstail: Hands up, slave! So, traitor, you would release the hairless giant. Take him away, guards. Wait! I talked him into it. Don't punish him! Who asked you, slave? Mr. Slave to you, fuzzface! Now, let Piebald go, or I might be tempted to squeeze like this. [ Bones crunch ] Ow! Ow! Let him go! Thank you, Wheeler, but it is useless. There are too many of them. Drop it. Okay. Ugh! You will pay for your insolence, hairless one! Come with us now, or Piebald will suffer! Gi: Where could Kwame and Linka have gone? They must be unconscious, or I would be able to make contact with them. Keep cruising, Gi. They have to turn up. [ Marching ] Where are we? Who are you, and why have you brought us here? Silence, hairless giant! A slave must learn to obey. Slaves? Us? You and all your kind, hairless one. Captain Grosstail: Attention, citizens of Miceland. Our beloved General Claw has discovered an unlimited supply of food, land, and slaves. Behold the hairless giant. [ Alarm buzzes ] That's my cue. If I don't cooperate, Piebald's in trouble. [ Crowd gasps ] Thanks to our glorious General Claw, two more slaves just like this one are on their way. [ Cheers and applause ] Two more slaves just like me? They must be Planeteers. I have to do something. Observe the new land. Our armies will conquer the giant hairless ones and seize this paradise for our own. It's time to get help. Come on, Piebald, let's split! Hang on, friend. We're out of here. [ Crowd screaming ] You fools, after him! [ All muttering ] ** General Claw, the citizens are running wild in the streets. They want food. And the first hairless slave  has escaped! Claw to Grosstail. I will use the new slaves to stop the rioting. Be prepared. Aah! [ Laughs ] Thank you, Wheeler. Thank you. My pleasure. I got to go, but I'll be back to see you before I leave. I hope I don't make a monkey of myself. Look what happened to King Kong. Captain Claw: The two new slaves  are proceeding to the main square,  Grosstail. Linka! Kwame! Oh! Guards, help me! [ Siren wailing ] Ma-Ti, buddy, I hope you can hear me. Ma-Ti: My ring! Maybe it's Kwame and Linka. Let us find out. Heart! Wheeler! Where are you? We're on our way. He's on this weird island run by mice. Wheeler says they have got Kwame and Linka. Lead on, Ma-Ti. General Claw, the rioters are out of control, and a huge airship is approaching! Mobilize the Air Force. Attack  the giant aircraft. At once! What about the rioters? The two hairless slaves will take care of them. I think we're in trouble, Ma-Ti. If only I could contact the others. [ Grunting ] My ring will not work! Nor will mine. It must be the smog. [ Coughs ] Wheeler to the rescue! Hey! Fire! [ Crowd screams ] Fire! Ma-Ti: There is Wheeler! ** [ Grunting ] Quick! Reach for the sky! Kwame: It is working! Let our powers combine! Earth! Fire! Wind! Water! Heart! By your powers combined, I am Captain Planet! All: Go, Planet! Talk about getting caught up in the rat race. What is that? Time to take these characters for a little spin. Whoa! Yow! Prepare the sonic cannon! But, General Claw, it's never been tested! It could be too dangerous! We have nothing to lose. Do it! Uh-oh! Those guys may be small, but their stun rays pack a wallop. [ Gasps ] [ Laughs ] You shouldn't play with those things. They might "stun" your growth. Thank you, Captain Planet. No problem, Planeteers. Now to get you back to the eco-copter. Take Kwame and Linka first, Cap. I've got to say goodbye to a friend. Okay, but make it short and sweet. Captain Grosstail: The hairless ones are all getting away, General Claw! General Claw: Prepare to fire! [ Mechanical whirring ] [ Gun powers up ] Fire! Aah! Aah! [ Groans ] Now take care of those rioters. I'll teach them to disobey my orders. No! You can't fire on our own people! Oh, yes, I can. Fire! [ Rumbling, crowd screaming ] It's an earthquake! You've started an earthquake! Whoa! Get me out of here! You're not having a great day, are you, Wheeler? [ All screaming ] Look! It's sinking! The whole island is sinking! I have to save Piebald! [ All screaming ] ** Piebald, get your family! I'll save you! My people and I are doomed, but yours can still be saved. Don't let this happen to you. Don't let there be more people than your world can hold. Whoa! Piebald! Piebald! Whoa! Ugh! Huh? Piebald! Where's Piebald? Who is this Piebald? He's my friend. He saved my life. He helped save yours. D-didn't you see him? What are you talking about, Wheeler? That bump must have given you hallucinations. You had a dream. I had a nightmare. What happened in this nightmare? They were like us, all these talking mice, exactly like us. The population just kept growing. Piebald was right. Piebald: My people and I  are doomed, but yours can  still be saved. Don't let this happen to you. Don't let there be more people  than your world can hold. All: Go, Planet! Captain Planet: Did you know the population of the world is now more than 5 billion? Wow! That is a lot of people! Gi: And it's increasing by 90 million people each year. But the Earth is not getting bigger. So when it is your turn to have a family... Keep it small. [ Horns honking ] The more people there are, the more pressure we put on our planet. So take it easy on our Earth and conserve what you can. The power is yours! Earth! Fire! Wind! Water! Heart! All: Go, Planet! By your powers combined, I am Captain Planet! * Captain Planet * He's our hero * Gonna take pollution down to zero * * He's our powers magnified * And he's fighting on the planet's side * * Captain Planet * He's our hero * Gonna take pollution down to zero * * Gonna help him put asunder * Bad guys who like to loot and plunder * You'll pay for this, Captain Planet! * We're the Planeteers, you can be one, too * * 'Cause saving our planet is the thing to do * * Looting and polluting is not the way * * Hear what Captain Planet has to say * The power is yours! ** 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 