Captain Planet and the Planeteers: Season 1, Episode 22 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Captain Planet and the Planeteers 
 s1e22 - Mission to Save Earth: Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Captain Planet and the Planeteers (1990–1996): Season 1, Episode 22 - Mission to Save Earth: Part 1 - full transcript 
 Looten Plunder, Dr. Blight, Verminous Skumm, Duke Nukem, and Sly Sludge team up to defeat the Planeteers by getting powers similar to the ones they have from their rings. Sludge and Skumm ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Our world is in peril. Gaia, the spirit of the Earth, can no longer stand  the terrible destruction plaguing our planet. She sends five magic rings  to five special young people -- Kwame from Africa,  with the power of Earth. [ Sirens wailing ] From North America -- Wheeler,  with the power of fire. ** From the Soviet Union -- Linka,  with the power of wind. From Asia -- Gi,  with the power of water. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ** And from South America --  Ma-Ti, with the power of heart. When the five powers combine, they summon  Earth's greatest champion -- Captain Planet! All: Go, Planet! Captain Planet: The power is yours! [ Alarm sounding ] Whoa! Whoa! There's the runaway barge, and it's spilling some kind of toxic yuck! That "yuck" threatens the entire river. But what can we use to stop it? Not fire -- too dangerous. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 How about water? Kwame: Nice try, Gi, only now there is more pollution than ever spilling into the river. I think it's time for a team beam. You are right, Wheeler. Let our powers combine. Earth! Fire! Wind! Heart! Water! By your powers combined, I am Captain Planet! Go, Planet! If I don't contain those chemicals, we're in for a serious spill! Time for me to barge in! "Barge in." Hmm. Ha ha ha! That gives me an idea. First, take some sand... then to turn up the heat. Presto! Barge in a bottle! I wanted a hobby. Now to put a cork in it. All right! We will make sure that toxic mess gets cleaned up, Captain Planet. The power is yours! Welcome to the S.S. Plunder -- the ultimate planet-plundering machine, the best mercenaries money can buy, an all-terrain attack force ready to loot entire continents of their natural resources -- ha ha! -- and it's all rotten cheese if Captain Planet gets in our way. I hate to agree with the rat, but Skumm's right! For a change, we all agree. Captain Planet and the Planeteers must be stopped. And my latest secret invention should do the trick. Show them, MAL, baby. Anything you say,  my toxic bombshell. This is our new  molecular duplicator. It can analyze any object  and create an evil opposite. [ Whirring ] [ Snarls ] Behold! An evil duplicate of the rabbit. I'm sure the Planeteers will find your invention a "hare-raising" experience. But what's the real deal, Doc? Maybe this will ring your bell, nukehead. Their rings give the Planeteers  superpowers. Their rings  also summon Captain Planet. Therefore -- Are you saying that machine can make evil duplicates of the Planeteers' rings? Precisely... once we get our hands on the originals, of course. [ Beeping ] Gi: Just another typical Planeteer day -- first a burning barge, and now a distress call coming from that island. But there is no one in sight. Then who sent the distress signal? Sludge: [ Chuckles ] Plunder was right! Those planet patsies couldn't resist our phony distress call. Time for a rat attack. Target dead ahead. Launch the sleeping gas. Nighty-night, Planeteers. [ Coughing ] I...can't stay...awake. Got to stay awake. Let's get those rings! [ Beeping ] Like taking candy from a baby. Stop! What are you doing? Taking you and your rings for a little ride. No. You can't. What's that? Get off this island!  Get off this island now! Hey. Plunder said this island was deserted. Where'd that soldier come from? This is  a restricted area. Leave now  or suffer the consequences. Forget the kids! We got the rings! Let's scram! Oh... "Oh..." Is right. That was one rough landing. Who are you? Why have you come to this island? We heard a distress signal. I sent no distress signal. Take your friends and leave. This island is a restricted area. Skumm and Sludge -- they took our rings! You blunderers! I told you to bring back the Planeteers! Oh, yeah, but you said that island would be deserted. Deserted? Ha! We barely got out of that rat trap with our skins intact... and the rings. The rings aren't enough! Those Planeteers are too dangerous to us on the loose! You want 'em? You go get 'em. Enough! Perhaps that mysterious soldier who drove you off can help us. MAL, darling, activate the military information data base. Exactly what I  was about to suggest. First, I'll access his name  and authorization code. Then I'll pretend I'm calling from his headquarters and trick him into doing our dirty work. Calling island Commander Clash. This is Clash. Identify yourself. Commander Blight,  authorization code LV6. LV6? Authorization code correct. I haven't heard  from headquarters in years. Proceed! Called to warn you our signal is being jammed. Listen carefully. Spies have landed on your island. You must stop them. Those children? Spies? Now the enemy sends children to try to trick me! [ Sighs ] Very well. I will do my duty. The enemy must be dealt with. We cannot repair the damage, Gi? There is only one possibility. Well, hold on there. If you're gonna go ask that dude with the mile-high muscles, count me out. Without help, we may never get off this island, Wheeler. We must find him. Man, what I wouldn't give to get my ring back. Hurry, Blight. Put the Planeteers' rings in the molecular duplicator. Patience, Plunder. This won't take long. [ Whirring ] Ha ha ha! It worked! Of course it worked. Gentlemen, your rings of destruction. For Duke Nukem, the power of super-radiation. For Looten Plunder,  the power of deforestation! For Sly Sludge, the power of smog. For Verminous Skumm,  the power of toxics! And pour moi, the power of hate. With the Planeteers out of the way... the world is ours! What is a soldier doing out here so far from anywhere? Yah! I'll tell you what he's doing! He's scaring the daylights out of me! I intend to do more than scare you, spy. I warned you to get off my island, and still, you brazenly seek me out? Sir, we come in peace to ask -- Silence! Do not try to fool me! I have been warned about you, and now I'm taking all of you prisoner. Do not bother to run! You will not get far! This way! Back to the Geo-Cruiser! Aaah! Gi, where are you? Whoa! Ah! Ma-Ti! Give up, spies. You're all my prisoners. Run! Run, before he gets you, too! Wheeler, we must fight back! Use guerrilla tactics, set traps! He will track us down! Kwame's right. We must set a trap for this guy. Da, but if the trap does not work, the Planeteers are finished! Help! Help me! Someone, please help me! I have caught you, spy, though this brings me no pleasure. Aah! You were the perfect bait for the perfect trap. Yes. But as our opponent just said, this brings me no pleasure. Okay, General Tough Guy, why are you after us? And what did you do with our friends? Emil Clash, Commander, 32897855. What kind of answer is that? Name, rank, and serial number -- the only answer a good soldier gives when he's captured by the enemy. Only we are not your enemy, Commander Clash. We just want to know where our friends are and how to get off this island. I am a soldier. I will tell you nothing. Ah, give us a break. Tell us! Emil Clash, Commander, 32897855. [ Cracking ] Look out, big guy! Your tree is -- You should have calculated the strength of the branch, spy. Argh! Ah! Quicksand! Careful! If we grab him, we will be pulled down with him! Oh! Ah! We must save him! Ohh. Too bad we do not have our rings! If we had them, we wouldn't be in this mess in the first place. Skumm: These rings are great, Plunder. Watch me waste the place. Toxics! Hey, guys, if you think that's hot, check this out! Super-radiation! Plunder: Oh, no! My million-dollar antiaircraft gun! Watch this! Smog! Stop! Stop, you idiot! Hey, loosen up, Looten. We're just having some fun! Quiet, you fools! You got something up your sleeve, Blight? The Planeteers use their rings  to create Captain Planet. If we combine the polluting powers of our rings, what would we create? Hopefully havoc, but let's find out. Then let our polluting powers combine! Super-radiation! Deforestation! Smog! Toxics! Hate! By your polluting powers combined, I am Captain Pollution! Ha ha ha! Go, Pollution! Uh! Uh! Uh! Hold on, Commander Clash! We...will... pull...you...out! Uh! This is hard for me to say, but...thank you. You saved my life, so I will spare yours. We are even, spies. Chort vozmi! He still thinks we are spies! He is hopeless! Commander Clash! We helped you. Now we need your help. Follow me. I will take you to the others. Talk about your basic man of few words. Few words, but many feelings. Ahh. These toxic chemicals feel wonderful! Just as Captain Planet renews himself with the powers of Earth... our captain needs pollution  to renew his energies. Simply fascinating. Can the lecture, Doc. Now that we've got General Pollution... what do we do with him? It's Captain pollution, lamebrains, and we send him after the Planeteers, of course. But that Clash should have those brats under wraps by now. Just the same, I'd sleep better knowing the Planeteers were history. But without their rings, what threat are they to us? The Planeteers  are very resourceful, Plunder. They might figure out  a way to destroy your new army and short-circuit  all your plans. Oh, no. $400 million down the drain? That's a lot of cash in the trash! We can't have that! Then we simply send in my new creation to finish the Planeteers once and for all! This is my camp. Hey, neat! He's got a solar generator and a water wheel. Pure, clean power. No pollution. Just what every country in this world needs, Commander Clash. What my country needs a watchdog who never closes his eyes. Check it out! Some kind of radar defense system! Now we know why Clash is on this island -- he is helping to protect some country somewhere. A watchdog -- that's what he called himself. A watchdog who never closes his eyes! I don't care. I want him to release Ma-Ti and Gi. Your friends are in here. Here goes. Ma-Ti! Gi! Wow, are we glad to see you! But what are you doing here? Did that crazy soldier capture you, too? No, he did not! The crazy soldier is letting you all go. Now leave me. I have work to do. What's he doing? Clash operates a radar defense screen over his country. Perhaps he is not aware there is no more enemy. Commander Clash, may I show you something on that monitor? No. I have been ordered never to break radio silence. I must not contact anyone. I will radio no one. I can access what I need through our computer. No one will know. May I? Spasiba. The world has changed, Commander. Borders are opening. A new peace has begun. The enemy you were guarding against no longer exists. This is a lie! [ Static ] You saw the truth with your own eyes, Commander. Accept it. This radar station is no longer needed. Home base, this is Watchdog. Report, home base. Is Watchdog necessary? Report. [ Indistinct communication ] Watchdog no longer necessary. Obsolete. If this station is obsolete... so am I. But that is not true! You are brave and intelligent. The world will always need people like you. When we leave this island, we want you to come with us, Commander Clash. No. I am like this equipment -- no longer needed... obsolete. At least Clash gave us tools to repair the Geo-Cruiser. Yes, but it is too bad he lacks the courage to come with us. What are you talking about? Clash is just about the bravest guy I ever met! To fight an enemy, yes, but to face a new world? No. Ma-Ti is right. The greatest courage is the courage to change, and I fear the commander may not find that courage. There's the Geo-Cruiser. As soon as we repair it, we can go after our rings. Unh, unh, unh. You're not going anywhere, Planeteers! Who are you? Why, I'm Captain Pollution, dude, created from evil duplicates of your rings! And I have a little surprise for you. And that's just the beginning, Planeteers -- the beginning of the end for you and all your do-gooder friends! Planeteers: Go, Planet! The health of our planet relies on the health of its people. To reach the highest heights... And win the fight to save our planet... We must have strength... Endurance... And courage! Our minds... And our bodies must be in shape. Stay fit. The power is yours! Earth! Fire! Wind! Water! Heart! All: Go, Planet! By your powers combined, I am Captain Planet! * Captain Planet * He's our hero * Gonna take pollution down to zero * * He's our powers magnified * And he's fighting on the planet's side * * Captain Planet * He's our hero * Gonna take pollution down to zero * * Gonna help him put asunder * Bad guys who like to loot and plunder * You'll pay for this, Captain Planet! * We're the Planeteers, you can be one, too * * 'Cause saving our planet is the thing to do * * Looting and polluting is not the way * * Hear what Captain Planet has to say * The power is yours! ** 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 