Above Suspicion: Season 4, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Above Suspicion 
 s4e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Above Suspicion (2009–2012): Season 4, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 After the body of Felicity Turner,another of Amanda's old flatmates, is dragged from the river,the remaining college contemporary Jeanie Bale is brought in. She admits to having Amanda's diary,which she was planning to sell to Mr Delany for five thousand pounds after an unsuccessful attempt to blackmail Andrea Lesser. The diary also reveals that Lester James,the youngest of the three brothers who acted as Amanda's drivers,was also her lover and pusher,and the man Helena saw at the flat. Jeanie admits that Felicity accidentally fell into the river after a fight when Felicity refused to capitalise on the diary but she pleads not guilty to Amanda's murder. As CCTV evidence unmasks the killer and Langton finds out who betrayed him Anna gets a call from the District Commissioner regarding her fast track promotion. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You want big money, then give me the goods. You want me to name names? You're going to get them, a shed load. What if he comes back for it? Well, I've got enough on him to make him shit himself. Did you care about your daughter, Mr Delany? If her personal life was such a disappointment to you. I'm sorry, you didn't make commander. What kept coming up was that botched investigation into that Fitzpatrick character. Better not lose this - Travis's accelerated-promotion form. Deputy Commissioner Walters is overseeing the panel. There's something about those brothers. They've both got alibis. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Lester? I don't know where you are, mate, but you're going to have to get in touch with us. FELICITY: I know all about you! And your brother! Piss off! I'm sorry I suspected you. Especially you. Get me some of that other gear. I've got night shoots for a week. So we have a driver and a dealer, neither of whom can be identified. Do you think it might be the same person? The dating club arranges it all. The dates sit at your table. You get a five-minute conversation with each of them. At the end of the evening, you get to choose one, or none, for a date. What can you tell about a person in five minutes? Oh, a lot. Clock their shoes, how they dress. Fingernails, clean or bitten. Own teeth. Get your questions ready while you do a good once-over. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Wha...what questions? I'm a bit nervous, Paul. I've never seen a dead body. You'll be fine, Barbara. Just keep talking. What questions? Do they have a job? What is it? Have they been married, divorced, widowed? Do the blokes get in for free? They've got to be a member, as well. It works both ways. Just wait a second. (EXHALES) You'll be fine, Barbara. Just take a deep breath. Come on. Right, shall we take a look, then, Barbara? Yeah, that's her. That's Felicity Turner. (PHONE RINGS) It was Felicity Turner who was fished out of the river. Paul's just phoned. Mr and Mrs Delany are in reception. They're asking for you, Anna. Really? OK. Can you show them into the interview room, please? Joan, is anyone searching the basement flat? Mike's there now. Can you get him to bring in Jeannie Bale right away? Yeah. Thanks. Apparently, Barbara - of the many Met courses - threw up. I feel that I should apologise to you. My behaviour has been unacceptable. My excuse is... My excuse is that both my wife and I have found it hard to deal with Amanda's death. Just tell her. Tell her. I want to go home. Why don't you tell us? So far you've been less than helpful with this investigation. I did it to protect my wife! And the girl was threatening to sell it. She wanted ?5,000. Which girl? Jeannie Bale. She had Amanda's diary. She wanted money. She approached me at the funeral and threatened to take it to the newspapers. Do you have Amanda's diary? It may contain very important information about the killer. I don't have it. And I don't have the ?5,000 I paid for it. Travis, can you put out an all-ports call to have Jeannie Bale brought in here right away? If we've got a killer that's knocking off the kids from the flat, she'll be next. Barbara. Yes? Contact Josh Lyons at the publishing company. See if anyone's approached him, trying to sell off Amanda's diary. We've got Andrea Lesser's finance details, bank statements. There were big payouts from her personal account to a company in Cyprus. Coincide with the victim's purchase of the mews. All right, print them out. Paul! Fill me in. There's lots of foam in and around the mouth. It looks like she drowned. There's fluid in the lungs. They're testing for drugs and booze. What's this? A large welt of a bruise on her lower back. Witness report. A bloke walking his dog saw the victim. With a blonde girl, hanging about the boat yard. So she could have fallen over the railings. Or could've been pushed. They don't know which. She was wearing a jacket with Amanda Delany's name inside. There was a programme from the funeral in her pocket. Which is why the local cops brought it to us. Can I just straighten something out, Guv? Er... I-I know you've been talking to Mike about this, and I just wanted it to be clear that...you know... the Fitzpatrick situation - I didn't discuss it with anyone. Thanks, Paul. Paul? Hm? Did they find any money on her? No. Er...no, no, no. No shoulder bag either. Chances are she's walking around with five grand and the diary. She could be anywhere! No, she's not. Store detective ran her name. Didn't you put the call out? Yeah. He's holding her. What?! Jeannie Bale has just been picked up for shoplifting in Top Shop on Putney High Street. Right, let's go. I was gonna pay for it, and then this cow frogmarched me into the back room! She did a strip search on me! This isn't about shoplifting. Give me your bag, Jeannie. Give it to me! Oh, shit, is it about Mr Delany? It's him, isn't it? It's about this. Get in the car. Don't push me in! Get in! Get off me! Put your seat belt on. No, I will not put my seat belt on! Don't! Get off me! I'll make a complaint. You can do that. Look, I admit, what I did to Mr Delany was a bit of a con, all right? You don't know about him, do you? No. Well, let me tell you, he's a bit of a stuck-up little prick! Oh! Excuse my language! And that wife of his, Amanda's so-called mother, she's out to lunch. She let her father, the grandfather, rape her daughter when she was 11 years old. Do you know what she said to her? "He did it to me. You get over it." Fucking grandfather! Just be quiet. You don't understand the seriousness of your situation. No, no. They won't press charges, because they know I will tell everyone. I will tell everyone what happened to Amanda! And you know why they won't do anything, huh? Grandaddy was filthy rich, and Mr Pruneface Delany never worked. They live in his villa. They've got his money. What do they care about five grand? Your flatmate, Felicity Turner, was found dead this morning. So, until you get representation, I'd shut up if I were you. What, Felicity? No. (GASPS) Oh, my God. (EXHALES) No! We didn't find anything at the flat. We've got the diary. Jeannie had it. I know. She's refusing legal representation. I think she reckons she has to pay for it! You know Langton wants you in on the interview? Yeah. Everything all right between you? Yeah. Why wouldn't it be? Cos I should be in there with him. Maybe he thinks it was me that grassed him up. No, Mike. We picked her up together. I'm sure he doesn't think that. It couldn't have been Barbara. She wasn't on the inquiry. Has he talked to you, Joan? What about? Guv thinks one of us talked to the Deputy Commissioner about the Fitzpatrick case. He didn't get his promotion. He is gunning for whoever stitched him up! I'd better get these down to property lockup. Right, let's start with the diary. Never mind trying to sell it to Mr Delany. Where did you get it from? Felicity found it at the flat. How long have you had it for? Couple of weeks. OK, so, cool! So what happened was... Amanda was really upset about her agent. She told Dan that she knew Scott Myers had been paid for his part in The Mansion, but she hadn't. So... Ha! It was very funny. What Dan did was call Andrea Lesser, didn't he? Can you please tell Miss Lesser that it's rather urgent? No, no, I don't want to do that. This is a personal matter between Miss Lesser and her client, Amanda Delany. (She kept asking who I was.) Oh! No, no, don't, no. Dan! It's my phone! She'll know it's me! No... Ah! Miss Lesser! I am a close associate of Miss Amanda Delany's. I've noticed some irregularities in her recent accounts. A rather large sum of money that was due has not... Hello? HELLO? You fat-arsed bitch! She fucking hung up on me! I told you. Dan thought it was a lot of money, cos he would sometimes do the accounts for her. Erm... She called a couple of other actors, I think. Lesser was nicking money, and I'm talking thousands. You see, Amanda was dyslexic. Do you know who her dealer was? Oh, I've got no idea! She'd turn up with her ecstasy, her grass, her crack and her coke. I never touched that gear. Dan and Felicity, no, couldn't leave it alone! What about her drivers? I didn't meet them. She's a film star, right? She's got chauffeurs. I haven't even got a car. You know about me, do you? Yeah, Rock Baby. Yeah, my agent thought I had that in the bag. They loved me. I'd done eight auditions. Amanda was just kipping at ours cos she didn't have a flat. I mean, she didn't even have an agent. And then suddenly I'm told, "Oh. Oh! The film's been cast." Mmmmm! Everything she had, it could have been mine. I was this close. Have you got any idea what that feels like? He's questioning every one of us. I never would have said anything to anybody that could have it in for the boss. But I did tell you. And if you repeated that - Repeated what, for heaven's sake? Travis overlooked some evidence, and Fitzpatrick walked into the station as an FBI agent. I told you that, Barbara. I'm off the hook. I wasn't on the investigation. But I told you about it. Did you repeat it to anyone? I don't remember. I was doing all those extra courses. Oh, well, it was never my idea. No. Erm... I said that if he'd give us the money, I'd hand over the diary. But I didn't let him have it, though. Whoops! Anyway, Felicity was out of it at the funeral. When she was stroppy, she was hard to handle. So I suggested that we walk it off. Erm...and we went along the river, but she was really starting to irritate me. Enough to push her over the railings? No, I left her there. I got the tube and I went home. I expected her back. But when she's high, she stays out nights. So she just let you walk off with all that money? Would you give a junkie five grand? Hm? We agreed to split the money between us. ?2,500 each. You can go. I can go? On police bail. Oh! Can you book a taxi for me? And if I'm not being charged, can I get the five grand...back? Show her out. Sit down. (FOOTSTEPS) That was a bit of a fast turnaround. Well, the Delanys don't want to press charges. And we don't have witnesses that saw her pushed into the river. And she was drunk and on heroin. And... (SIGHS) I've told Joan I want copies of the diary made for everyone first thing in the morning. Tech support only just sent up the master copy. It'll take her ages. That's why she's working late. I'm going to wait. Go home, Anna. No, I want to take some of it back. Good night! Oh, for God's sake, Joan! What's going on? (SOBS) What is it? What, do you need some help? No, no. I can manage. It's...it's not about this. It's about your promotion. I'm so sorry. I... It's all right. It's all right. Don't get yourself into a state. Come on. Come on, let's go in my office. (SOBS QUIETLY) Please. We have accessed your personal accounts. You had no right to - We have every right. It's a murder inquiry. They show large sums of money paid in and taken out over a period of months, shortly before Miss Delany was murdered. Did Amanda know that you were defrauding her? I had intended to tell Amanda, but then - But then she was murdered. So you've given us a motive. What happened? Were you in such a desperate situation that you had no option but to get rid of her? Did you hire someone to kill Amanda? That is not true! I know it was foolish, but I honestly believed I could repay Amanda. I had nurtured and cared for her. It had taken so much... I had problems getting her past medical tests, and her behaviour was getting out of control. It was like she was determined to destroy all the hard work I put into forging her career. But...I never would have done anything to harm her. She was too capable of doing that to herself. OK, this is interesting. Listen up! It could just be her writing, but she refers to a driver... Lionel, Lenny, not sure. Pick-up for a premiere. And she refers to "L" being early on another page. I've got a mobile number for a Lester. I've seen his name a few times. It says here: "Collected me," being Amanda, "from hospital and drove me to the clinic." That, if I'm right, is the abortion date. (SIGHS) She didn't even know who the father was. Answer phone. Lester James. Not available. Got him. Lester John James, aged 29. 5ft 11, blond hair. Two previous arrests for assault... and one for drug dealing. We've got a new suspect. Lester James. He's a driver. Here's the surprise. His brothers are Tony and Harry James. And he's got form. Have you traced him? Not yet. We're going to his flat. His brothers have the keys. Good. Joan, where's the Guv? Still interviewing Andrea Lesser, with Barolli. What about Mike? Just left, to check on a possible lead from the diary. Why? I've got one too. Jeannie. She was at Amanda's house, the night she was killed. She lied. (PHONE) Sorry. Sorry. Joan. Hello. Yes. He's not answering his mobile. I've left him three messages. I don't know where the soft bugger is. He couldn't have hurt her, could he? Well, I hope not, bruv. I mean, I found the poor little thing. I mean, I know that he was soft on her. I mean, how many times did I warn him? It seems like I've spent my whole life looking out for him. It was right, you bringing him into the company. Maybe he's got nothing to do with all this. But you can't keep making excuses for him, Harry. It's time he answered for himself. We've both got some answering to do, ain't we, bruv? I mean, we've both lied. I knew there was something iffy when I found his motor in the lockup. I've got her keys in my pocket. Hey, look, they're here. You should have told us about your brother, Mr James. Look, this has all been a big misunderstanding. There's no way my brother Lester would've done a thing like this. He's a good kid. He's been in a bit of trouble before, but that's lairy drunks picking a fight cos they know who he was. Last assault charge against him was dropped! You wait here. We don't need both of you inside. He likes his karate, doesn't he? Barbara! Take a look at this. He's seventh dan, black belt. He does a bit of exhibition work. I mean, what does that prove anything? We need to take this in. Let's go, Mr James. (LITTER RUSTLES OUTSIDE) Joan, it's me. I need backup immediately. I'm at the basement flat. I found Felicity's bag and Amanda's phone. (MOANS) (SIGHS) Come with me! Travis has called for backup from Jeannie Bale's. There's only thing we've not told you the truth about. And that's because we both believe... Lester couldn't have had anything to do with this murder. So what did you lie about? Just...the last time we saw him. It was the day before. Wasn't it? She was upset about some nightmare she'd had. We knew he shouldn't have been there. (INDISTINCT CONVERSATION) Oi, Lester! Wait up! What are you doing here? Nothing. Amanda had a little job for me. How many times have me and Tony told you about this? You've gotta stop this, bruv. It's not company work. And get yourself invoices. She's not paying your wages. You gotta sort yourself out, stop being a mug. I ain't being a mug, but... All right. Your brother has a file of arrests. Assault, drug dealing. No way. That charge was dropped to possession. Yeah, but he's still dealing. We know Amanda scored drugs for her friends. Lester was her supplier. He wouldn't do that. He valued his job too much. We have a man fitting your brother's description in the mews, dealing drugs, the night of Amanda's murder. I don't believe that. I don't give a fuck whether you believe it or not! Your brother is now the prime suspect in the murder of Amanda Delany. Any more lies, right, any more forgotten shit, you'll both be charged with perverting the course of justice. He worshipped the ground she walked on, and she was a promiscuous little slut. Here. Tony... Look at that. (TEXT ALERT) Eh? This is what was done to her. Well? (KEYS JANGLE) Amanda's keys. What - Guv. Not now! It's Travis. It's serious. Get back in! St George's hospital - now! Get the blues on! (SIREN) BARBARA: Is that her? She's there. There she is. Wait here, Barbara! Excuse me. (TRAIN DEPARTS) Jeannie! Stop running! Jeannie! Jeannie Bale, stop running! Wait there! Wait there! MAN: Hey! Excuse me, excuse me, excuse me. Barbara! Shit! Argh! (SCREAMS) Get off me! Get off me! Get off me! We've got Lester James in the reception. Who brought him in? He came in himself. He just walked into the station? Well, keep a hold of him. Wait here for me. She's fine. She bloody discharged herself! I've just been to the hospital. Why the hell did you discharge yourself? Did you get Jeannie? Yes, we did. Are you on pain killers? Do you need water? She must have been at Amanda's the night she was killed. The diary was written up to date. Do you want me to send out for some groceries? I mean, have you got any food here? No, I'm fine. It looks worse than it is, honest. Look at me. Look at me. You're not to move from here. Do you hear me? You stay put. Do you want some soup? Have you got any soup? Have you got anybody to look after you? I'm not hungry. I've got strong pain killers, if I need them. You nearly gave me bloody heart failure. You could've got yourself killed. Do you want me to get Joan to come over? (SIGHS) You shouldn't have bothered coming. Just...go back to the station. Ooh, shouldn't have bothered coming... I came because I care. You idiot! I'll see myself out. You said the diary was written up to date? Yeah. I'll call you. Stay put. (GASPS) How come you had Amanda Delany's house keys? The night before it happened, she heard a woman screaming. She wanted me to check the mews. But my brother told me to stop being a mug. So...I never went. OK. So let's go to you supplying Miss Delany with drugs. Cocaine, crack cocaine, amphetamine, speed, ecstasy. Yeah, I knew she took drugs, but not from me. Look, I don't understand where this is going. I came in here of my own free will cos I was told you wanted to talk to me. We have a witness who saw you supplying Miss Delany with gear. Huh! Just sit down for a minute. Do you want a coffee or something? 400? That's more than last time. Get me some of that other gear. I've got night shoots for a week. I can't sleep. I was always just her driver. Just a driver who takes regular trips to Amsterdam? Yeah. I go for karate shows and stuff like that, not drugs. Yeah, I'm glad you brought up the karate. We found a poster of you holding a weapon. Mr James has explained that he performs self-defence exhibitions. That knife was... for a specific event. Where is it now? That was over a year ago. It wasn't even mine. Jeannie Bale locked up? Yeah. She's not going anywhere. You're still holding Lester James? Yeah. Right, get me the last pages of the diary. BAROLLI: You should've waited at the top. I'm sorry. So you should be! It's just not on. I could've given myself a hernia! How is she? She's going to be OK. Get on to a florist, send her some flowers. Listen up, everybody! Travis says that Amanda was writing up her diary until the night of her murder. Which means Jeannie Bale lied about how long she'd had it. She must have got it that night. So... ..how come none of you picked up on this? Eh? Joan? I was concentrating on a section about a tattoo. First mention I had of Lester James. Tattoo? She wrote that "his tattoo doesn't even rezemble me", spelt with a Z. Right, who's dealing with Amanda's phone? Me. Paul. I've told Langton, Barbara. I'm not taking the blame. I got a bit confused as to where I should wait. Not about that. You gossiping about the Fitzpatrick case. (WHISPERING) Oh, my God! He'll have me directing traffic! Mood he's in, I wouldn't be surprised! What have you got? OK, this is the footage from the phone. AMANDA: Sean! Sean, give it to me! We know this, Paul. You're wasting your time. Let me fast-forward. What the hell are you doing here? I've got it. This is the night. (CLICKS) It's to stop you being so angry, because you know I love you really. Don't look at me like that. What on earth were you thinking? A tattoo? It doesn't even look like me, you idiot! Stupid dumb fucker. (GIGGLES) What, do you want to screw me? You know my bunny loves you. (GASPS) What are you doing? (THUMP) (MOANS) Right, get Jeannie Bale up here first. Make sure she has a solicitor. I want you with me, Mike. All right, Miss Bale, start telling us the truth. How did your friend end up in the river? FELICITY: I've got the money and I've got her mobile. I've got the diary. Good, so we've pulled a fast one. Give me a drink. Right, we split the cash in two, and we hold onto the diary until... the press and the crap has died down. Then we go to the publishers and make a deal. You should've given her father the diary, Jeannie. Listen to me. I deserve every penny I can get out of this. Everything she had should've been mine. Every film, every part should have been mine. It's in the fucking diary, what she did to me. How did you get it? I told you. Lester gave it to me. No, I don't mean that. Fuck, I think you're crazy, carrying it around, cos, what, she loved it more than anything else. Is that why? And you'd have never got the part in Rock Baby anyway. I've had to listen to you banging on about it! The truth was you was never even in the running. It's my turn now, Jeannie. You keep the diary, and you sell it to the publishers. I'm not splitting the five grand. Give me the bag. Give it! No, I won't. Look, I'll go to the police. I'll tell them about you and Lester. I'll tell them! Give it, give it! Give it to me! Argh! It was an accident. And I couldn't... do anything about it, because... she disappeared so fast, and I...I can't swim! Tell us about the diary. (SNIFFS) Amanda left it in the flat, after she had that meeting with the publisher bloke. She even made me and Dan leave her, for privacy. And...Felicity was meant to come with us, but she passed out. And she overheard him talking about how much money it was worth. So...Felicity and I read it, but not all of it, because the next day Amanda sent her driver to get it. Give it up, Jeannie. I mean it! Listen, if you've got it, then, please, just give it to me. She's really upset, and I don't want to have to get aggressive with ya. Here! I've got it. Just leave us alone. You are such an arsehole. You know what, Lester? You'll be an even bigger arsehole. If she publishes that, you feature in it. She's written so much shit about you, you'll puke if you read it! Nah, I don't believe ya. She wouldn't do that. She's telling the truth, Lester. She jokes about your dick all the way through. And...she says you can't get it up. Look at his face. You haven't read that, have you? He took it back to her. That's the truth. It isn't the whole truth, though, is it? It was in your bag when we picked you up, so you must have stolen it back again. When did you do that? On the night Amanda died... ..Lester came round with some drugs for Dan, but he was out with Felicity. He still didn't believe what Amanda had written. Oh, God, he's such an idiot! I mean, I even knew about the dumbo's tattoo! Anyway, to prove what I was telling him, we went to hers. Cos she'd been freaking about hearing some woman screaming. And that's it. I nicked the diary. He panicked, because we could hear her car driving up. Cos she's not meant to be there, right? So I scarpered over the roof. If she knew I was there, she would've gone ape shit. What else did you take? (SNIGGERS) Oh, what, you mean the bunny rabbit? I just did that out of perverseness. I threw it in the river. I didn't even want it. What about this? Yeah, I took that. Couldn't use it. Didn't know the password. I was looking for that. We managed to unlock it, and guess what? You were caught on video, Jeannie. You were there. You killed her, didn't you? Well, she took everything from me. Whatever part she had, it should have been mine. All that money, it should have been mine. She stole my chance. I would have been a star... ..but for her. But I didn't kill her. I didn't do that. I didn't do THAT! I want my lawyer! I'm not staying in the scuzzy little cell you've got for me, cos I know my rights! It's all your fault. It's all your fault that I'm being treated like an animal! (PHONE RINGS IN BACKGROUND) Langton doesn't think you should take the Lester James interview. Well, I think differently. Oh, give me a break, Mike. Do you see what she did to me? You should go home. Please. I'll get into so much shit for going to that basement flat by myself. I mean, I did tell you to get a search warrant earlier. Oh! You are something else, Anna! Please, Mike. I'll go and sort out the charges against Jeannie Bale. Where's Mike? He's been held up with Jeannie's solicitor, sorting out the charges. Right, let's get down to this. What did you do, after you did this to her? I don't know what you're talking about. I was just her driver. Let me read this to you. This is from Amanda Delany's diary. (READS) "LJ drove me to the clinic. It was done. I felt really sick, but he was terrific and carried me back to the car and drove me home." Was it your child? No. I'm just a driver. Oh, come on, Lester! You were more than that. She used you. Do this, do that. Occasional blow job. You had the keys to her house. Huh? You looked out for her, in case she was frightened. She heard some woman scream. But you made her scream, didn't you? No. It's not the way you think. I just wanted to get out. I was trapped, with Jeannie in the bedroom and this woman downstairs. Then I went back up, to get Jeannie out. That's when she showed me the diary. You're also a bit of a - Please, I'm begging you! Shh! Don't shush me! Please - DON'T SHUSH ME! Get off me! Get off me! Get OFF me! (WHISPERS) Get in the bathroom! Ow! Ow! I couldn't understand why she'd written those things about me. The knife, Lester, did you take it with you? Take off your shirt, please. That's enough. My client - No, it isn't. Turn around. Put your shirt back on. Tell us what happened. First time I ever saw her naked was that night. I took off her clothes... and I put on her shift nightdress. It was...the first time I'd ever held her body. She was like a fragile doll. So thin. (VOICE SHAKING) Her ribs stuck out, her hip bones... Her legs were like a skinny child's. (GASPS) The...er... The first stab wound killed her. There was hardly any blood. I was just...so angry. I kept on doing it, even though I knew she was dead. Tattoo of Amanda on his back! He'd only see it if he looked backwards in a mirror! (LAUGHTER) Barbara, I've got another course for you to go on. DVI course. Oh! DVI? What's that? Disaster victim identification. Lots of mortuary work for you to get your teeth into. Oh, Travis gone on home, then? Yeah, yeah. Pain killers were wearing off. Guv, she's giving me a hard time about not getting a search warrant sooner for Jeannie Bale's flat. I just want to say it was an oversight, it was down to me. Yeah, well, you want to be careful about oversights, Mike, cos they can come back to haunt you. Night, everyone. ALL: Good night. Have a good evening! Thanks, Guv. (LIQUID POURED, FIZZING) No, not for me. Right. Not with pain killers. By the way, I found out who was responsible for the...Fitzpatrick case. (TEXT MESSAGE) Chinese whispers. Joan mentioned it to Barbara, who was doing a variety of courses, who mentioned it to someone else, and that someone else told somebody, and...etc, etc. Christ! He's fast off the mark. Deputy Commissioner Walters wants a press release ASAP. You know, if...Mike had done what I had asked him from the start and got a warrant for that basement flat, we'd have got a result a lot sooner and - Don't, Anna. Leave it. He was the DCI! Oh, I know that. And, by rights, he should have been in on the interrogation of Lester James, not you. I'm surprised that he let you take his seat. You shouldn't have been in that interview room, Anna. You weren't fit, and I told you to stay at home. Now, I wasn't going to discuss this tonight, but... ..about your promotion... Yeah. I'm about to take some time off and prepare for it. That might be a waste of time. I'm not prepared to sign your papers. What? I don't think you're ready. It's a big jump to get promoted to DCI. Well, for your information, sir, I don't need your signature. It's already been rubber-stamped by Commander Power. (LAUGHS) Well, really... Commander Power is obviously racing up that accelerated escalator, and I wouldn't be surprised at all to see him running into the Olympic Stadium with a flaming torch! Just one more thing. There's a TEAM of officers, Anna. I kno- You still haven't learnt to be part of them. Until you do, I think it would be wise if you were to back off from this accelerated-promotion lark. This is just coming from a man who has many more years of experience than both Sam Power and you put together. Well, I suppose you'll be up for Commander now? Ah... Maybe. Don't take all this personally, Anna. How do you expect me to take it? I work day and night and every single bloody weekend. I do take it personally. I mean, it's all I've got. Look... Jeannie Bale was crazy enough to try to kill you. Now, I understand, you sussed out about the diary, but YOU couldn't resist going there on your own - It wasn't like that! There wasn't anybody available. I was calling for backup while she hit me! No, the point is... ..you could've been killed. All right. All right. Maybe you're right. I don't want you to be, but...maybe you are. I'm not ready. But I need to know - if I don't go up for it this time, will it affect my chances in the future? (CHUCKLES) I'll do my best to make sure it doesn't affect you. The things you think are precious when you're young... aren't when you're older. Now, what is important... Get yourself a life outside of the Met. Otherwise, it will eat you up. And...always know when it's time to go home, before you say something or do something that you might regret. Good night. (SIGHS) (DOOR CLOSES) (PHONE) Hello. Good evening, Travis. Oh, Deputy Commissioner! I heard you were injured. No, I got a little bit of a pasting, but it was nothing serious. Although we had the diary, I realised it had to have been in the victim's possession the night she was murdered. Was this evidence overlooked? A repeat of the Fitzpatrick situation? Oh, no. There can't be any comparison with the Fitzpatrick case, sir. Erm... I feel that maybe I shouldn't have spoken to you about my reservations with that case. I'd already been told by another officer. Yes, I know, but it was an off-the-record discussion, sir, and I... Look, I would hate for it to have any effect on Chief Superintendent Langton's promotion. I have the utmost respect for him, and in many ways I was to blame. I'm sure it won't. You've done very well. Now get some rest. Thank you. Good night. itfc subtitles 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 