Above Suspicion: Season 4, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Above Suspicion 
 s4e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Above Suspicion (2009–2012): Season 4, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 The police interview Amanda's three actor lovers - Scott Myers and Sean O'Dell admit to a threesome with her after which Sean owns to losing his crucifix. Amanda's stuffed toy rabbit in which she kept her drugs has also gone. A crucifix is also found by the body of Amanda's former college mate Dan,whose death was caused by a drug overdose - the police believe it was accidental and self-imposed. However the two girls he shared with clearly have something to hide. After interviewing Josh Lyons,who was going to publish Amanda's scandalous memoir,Anna convinces Langton she did not ruin his promotion chances. The police also pull in Helena Mitchell,wife of another of Amanda's lovers,who visited her to ask her to end the affair but left while she was still alive. She does however report seeing a man at the flat. Then another corpse is found. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 All I can tell you is the victim has been identified as the actress Amanda Delany. Sorry, you didn't make commander. What kept coming up was that botched investigation into that Fitzpatrick character. MAN: As from this morning, the murder inquiry will be led by Detective Chief Superintendent Langton. So he didn't get promotion. Amanda was...promiscuous. Anyone who might have had a grievance against her? One of her boyfriends or one of their wives. Confirmation that these actors - Scott Myers, Rupert Mitchell and Sean O'Dell - all had an affair with our victim. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 She was pregnant whilst filming The Mansion. No way was it mine. But most importantly, there is a possibility that she was writing some sort of autobiography. She might have been about to publish something inflammatory. She was maybe gonna change agent. I haven't been paid anything for that movie. The bitch is stealing from me. What was that? There it is. It's a crucifix. (CRIES) I want to find out exactly who it was that stitched me up. But not one of your old team would do that. I intend to find out. (EXPLOSIONS) Argh! Help me! Help me! (GUNFIRE) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 MAN: Cut! (APPLAUSE) Fifth take. She weighs a tonne. MAN: Save the flame just in case we go again. You're here about Amanda. I am. Yeah, take a seat. Thanks. Couldn't believe it when I read about it. If there's anything I can think of that'll be any help, I'm ready. I loved her to pieces. Where were you the night she was killed, Mr O'Dell? I was here filming. Everybody here can vouch for that. I haven't seen her in a while. I suppose, you know, we'd split up. I mean, we were an item. According to the press, about to get married, which was total bullshit. It was sex and that was it. Did you know that shortly after working with you on The Mansion, she had an abortion? The first I've heard of it. Could the baby have been yours? Mine? No way. I'm a good Catholic boy and I'm against abortion. Did you er...ever own a crucifix or have seen one like that? No. Look at the photo, please. It was used in your movie. Wait, wait, wait. It was a while ago. We might have used it in The Mansion. I don't exactly remember if that was the same one. What was done to her? She was stabbed multiple times. Jesus! She didn't deserve that. She had a toy rabbit. Do you ever recall seeing it? Yeah. Horrible thing. Bald with floppy ears. She used to keep her skunk inside it. Well, it's missing. Did you ever own a key to her mews house? No. What do you think - I went in there and nicked her rabbit? She left you, didn't she, for Rupert Mitchell? Yeah. I introduced her to him. We were out clubbing and he was there with his wife. Did that make you jealous? What I didn't like was the press crawling all over me like a rash. It didn't make any difference to me. Besides, I'd already met my new girlfriend - French actress. Oh, it looks like I'm needed. Right. Well, thanks very much for your time, Mr O'Dell. Yeah, been a pleasure. Thanks. Just leave it, will you? Hurts like hell. Morning. I'm Detective Chief Superintendent James Langton. I'd like to ask you a few questions, if I may? Did you ever go to Miss Delany's mews house? No. So this intimate relationship - where did it take place? I booked a hotel. Were you aware that Amanda had been pregnant? Pregnant? Yes. She had an abortion shortly after she finished filming The Mansion. Well, I guess that leaves me off the paternity suit. I'm sorry. We never really began seeing each other till that movie was over. Sorry to interrupt. Darling, your driver's here. Honey, this is Detective Chief Superintendent... James Langton. My wife, Helen. If you'll excuse me. Mr Mitchell, at your convenience, we'll require your DNA and prints for elimination purposes. The night that Amanda Delany was killed, your husband - Didn't get home until midnight. I made him a snack and went to bed. Did you ever meet Miss Delany? It was rather public knowledge they were seeing each other but I never met her. The press were constantly outside our house. I'm certain they were tipped off by her - they seemed to know exactly what time Rupert would be home. Did you ever go to her mews house? I just said I never met her. I never go to the film set. She made my life hell when I really need it to be calm. The stress almost gave me a nervous breakdown. Did Amanda ever mention to you that she was writing a book? What on earth would Amanda be writing a book about? An autobiography - perhaps naming the father of the child she aborted. Mr James. Yeah? The night Amanda Delany was killed - I've already given a statement. I took Miss Delany home around 10:00, returned back to the film set, waited for Mr Mitchell to be released, then bought him back here just after midnight. That's very succinct. Thank you. I'm so scared. Why did he do it? He was just completely out of it. He had trouble getting it up. Probably sold the fucking computer to get his gear. And you have got to promise me to stay straight. We are going to make a shed load of money after the funeral. But when will we know we can bury him? Not Dan, you idiot. Amanda's funeral. I've got to learn my poem for it. Where have you hidden it? It's safe. But what if he comes back for it? Well, I've got enough on him to make him shit himself. He won't dare. He's done a runner. Gone to Amsterdam. (KNOCKING ON DOOR) Hello there. Is Jeannie in? It's detectives for you. Hello again, Jeannie. This is DS Paul Barolli. Do you want to take us through what happened to Dan? Yeah, OK. We didn't get back till early morning. We knocked on his bedroom door but he wouldn't answer. We pushed the door and it felt really heavy. Then we found him - needle still sticking out of his arm. Oh, it was terrible. We called an ambulance straight away. He left the party early. We thought he wasn't in the mood - a bit depressed about Amanda and that. I mean, he was on methadone, hadn't touched heroin for months. Why he did this to himself - He loved her, we all did. And finding the rent now? I dunno. Where's the computer gone? I think he must have flogged it to get the gear. Yeah. That's right. Was it expensive? Amanda bought it for Dan. They liked playing games. (LAUGHS) The crowd goes wild! Yeah, all right. This can be your prize. Well, they did. Sean O'Dell is off the hook. The whole unit can confirm it. Same with Rupert Mitchell. His driver was very keen to let me know that Mitchell was home by midnight. And so all three of them have alibis. Helen Mitchell is a very attractive woman. What the hell would he see in Amanda Delany? Would you like me to tell you? No. Sex combined with a needy personality. I know a few men whose lives have been screwed up because of that. So what do you like, then? Drunk or sober? WOMAN: One toasted chicken and bacon sandwich, no tomatoes. Do you need anything else? No. Thanks, Barbara. I'll get my own lunch, thanks. Gov, re the references to Amanda Delany's accusations about being ripped off, I've contacted her agent, Miss Lesser, and asked for account details. She has power of attorney. Any idea how much Amanda was worth? A lot. ?250,000 in a Coutts account for starters. At the age of 24? We're in the wrong business, Joan. Has anybody managed to make contact with the publishers? Not yet. But Josh Lyons came up on Amanda's iPad. 'Golden Arrow' is his publishing company but we're having trouble tracking him down. It's not the only thing we're having trouble tracking down - the bloody CCTV footage from the mews. Where the hell is Paul? At the victim's mews now. Right. Barbara, can you get me Amanda's iPad and a cup of coffee, please? Thank you. Oh, and... Can someone clear Sam Power's medals, whatever, out of that office so I can use it? Thank you. (PHONES RINGING) Good news or the bad news? Dan Hutchins was pumped full of heroin. Looked self-inflicted, needle still in his vein. Couldn't find any gear, though. Bit odd. And the computer's missing. The girls reckoned Dan sold the computer to buy drugs. Both looked off their heads, though. Is this the good news? No. They found this by his side. Mike, we've really got to get a search warrant for this place. You two go and grab lunch. I'm going to show this to the boss. No, no, no. I'll take. Got a few things to check out. Mike brought this in. Dan Hutchins had an identical crucifix. Joan's contacting the costume designer. How many bloody crucifixes did they have in that film? Hopefully just the two. Better not lose this - Travis's accelerated promotion form. Accelerated promotion? Yeah, fast track. She'll be reviewed by all the big wigs. Which ones? I'm not sure, but I do know that Deputy Commissioner Waters is overseeing the panel. Well, that's... ..interesting. Joan? Yeah. Has he been at my desk? Er...yeah. Andrea Lesser is in interview one. And we got through to the publishing company. Josh Lyons' PA expects him in this afternoon. Who's taking the interview? Lewis is, with Langton. Great. All my papers are mixed up. Where's Barolli? Back at the victim's mews, poor love. Still trying to get access to the CCTV footage from the Russians. Langton keeps on having a go at him. Have you seen Miss Delany's will? Yes, I have. We need to know who the beneficiaries are. I suggested she use the solicitors Marchbank and Crawley, since they have done a considerable amount of work for certain clients of mine. Amanda, I have to say, was in the habit of changing certain bequests, but I had no reason to discuss any alterations with her over the past three months. We also require details of Miss Delany's finances over the past six months. You will find that all of her accounts are in excellent order, up to date on all her tax and VAT payments. Can you explain to us how money paid to Miss Delany reaches you? The film companies would pay the fee to my agency. I would deduct my commission and then forward her payment. So all monies paid to Miss Delany are first paid to you? You have to understand that there are always delays with payments and collecting artist's residuals. When I rang the film company, they assured me that the payment was on its way. What she insinuated was wrong and deeply insulting. Which was what, exactly? That there was money missing. She's a bloody liar. Excuse me. My space. Could you move your car immediately? Are you Josh Lyons? Oh! Look, I have - DI Anna Travis. I'm investigating the murder of Amanda Delany. Shit. Sorry. Look, you can park there. I'll be with you immediately. 'I first met her at a night club.' It was a new club called Soho Vice. Predominantly gay after 11:00. That's not to say that I am. They just have a great cabaret show, and stunning waiters stripped to the waist, plus some rather tacky topless waitresses that work mostly the VIP room. I gave her my card. I'm sorry, when was this? Couple of months ago. You know, she was a real star, in the press every few minutes. I don't offer deals lightly. She as with that actor, Sean O'Dell. I think he had enough up his nose. In fact, he was quite rude. He told me to fuck off. Unbelievable. She came here to your office? No. We went to Le Caprice for lunch. What I said to her was that we needed to know that she would be able to come up with the goods. Know what I mean? We were about to draw up a contract. Oh, God, can you imagine what that would be worth to us now? Sorry, that does sound terrible, but, well... Who else knew that she was writing this book for you? She didn't want anyone to know, especially not her agent. We often keep authors' names under wraps, but she was very insistent upon it. When was the last time you saw her? Couple of weeks later. We met at her old flat. She didn't want to come to the office, and, well, I wasn't prepared to pay for another lunch. Got it all in here. I write in it every day. See. And I've got poetry as well. I want that in it, too. I am going to be totally honest. We're not that interested in the poetry, darling. Like I said before, what we need is material that makes it worth my while to give you a publishing deal. Now, don't worry about upsetting anyone, sweetheart. You just leave that to the lawyers. You want big money, then give me the goods. Understand me? You'll get them, I promise. A lot of people deserve payback time. I'll get a chapter written and send it over to you. But you know my stipulations. No-one's to know about this, or it's over, all right? Listen, sweetheart, the element of surprise is what we make big sales with, but you'll agree to promotional interviews on publication. When this comes out, I'll have to go into hiding! I'll have to change my name. You want me to name names? You are gonna get them - a shed load. But I want big money. No less than half a million. (CUPS CLATTERING) Do you want one? I told you to stay out this afternoon. Sorry. Overslept. You're certain that she had this five-year diary in her possession the last time you saw her? Oh, yes. She hugged it to her. It had a pink leather cover, thick like this. Place was squalid. Hard to believe that with all that money and fame that she ever lived there. Not to speak ill of the poor girl, but what she showed me was not worth publishing. To be totally honest, I doubted she'd ever deliver. You er...never went to her mews house did you? No. She did ring me that evening, accusing me of stealing her diary. She was rather hyper. I told her she probably it left in the flat. I never saw her again. (DOORBELL RINGING) Get you out of bed, did I? Have I done something I shouldn't have? No. I just wanted to see how it went with the publishing company. Erm...my dad used to do that. Yeah, I remember. So...how was it? Well, I didn't get back until late. I've typed up the report ready for the morning. Amanda was hoping for a deal, for a lot of money, but I doubt from what Mr Lyons said that it was ever going to come off. He didn't think she was capable. But he was positive about a five-year diary. He described it having a pink cover. But it wasn't found at the mews. So another personal item that's gone missing. Mr Lyons thinks that she could have left it at the basement flat. I've suggested that we get a warrant for that place. Well, follow it through. Got any ice? Sure. Thanks. Have you got any crisps? Yes. Thanks. How well do you know Deputy Commissioner Michael Waters? Well, I know who he is, obviously. And when did you two discuss the fiasco of the Fitzpatrick case? What? I didn't want it to be you of all people. Wait, you-you think that I - Scuppered my promotion? Yes, I do. The question is - why did you do it? You're so ambitious to get your own? I know that you've been fast tracked. Is that what you were doing going through my desk? No, I was just eating my lunch without having Sam Power's athletic prowess shoved down my throat with all his bloody plaques and cups. So I used your desk. You think I'd sift through your bloody homework? You think that I spoke to Waters about the Fitzpatrick case? You really think I would do that? Especially after all your warnings. You said to me that anybody involved in that case could lose their career. You told me to bury it. Remember? So I buried it. And then you sent me out on all these mindless cases - anything that you're not working on. You completely keep your distance from me. I hardly saw you. I thought you blamed me. I was the Superintendent, Anna. Any blame - What about Lewis? Or Barolli? Or Joan? I mean, we were all there. Is everyone under suspicion? Or is it just me? I need to know, Anna. You have no idea how much I care about you. That you could even think that... Well, maybe you've no idea what it means to me to lose this promotion. Now, I am not and never have been a fast track officer with a university degree behind him. I came up the hard way - from uniform to detective. 25 bloody years. And that title of commander, let alone the money, I wanted. You think Sam Power has done half as much? I've devoted my entire fucking life to the Met. And then to be kicked in the bollocks at the final hurdle - it hurts. And do you know why? Because it's probably my last chance. I'm tired. I deserved that promotion. It should have been mine. Surely you'll get it next time, if you were this close. Well, apparently that depends on getting a fast result on this case. And that's beginning to look like it's not going to happen. No. There's nobody else who can do this job better than you in the whole of the Met. I'm sorry I suspected you. Especially you. I'll see you in the morning. Paul, I really think that we need to get a warrant for the girls' apartment. Has Mike said anything to you? Yeah, yeah. But Langton came in like a man possessed this morning and I've got my hands full. I've got Mr Delany in reception refusing to take part in a TV press appeal. He won't give me permission to use a similar soft toy rabbit, a diary mock-up, so I've got the press calling non-stop. I've got - I've got nobody to clear out Sam's office, which Langton wants done straight away. I've got to put pressure on Andrea Lesser for the murder victim's contracts. She's side stepping cos Amanda's funeral this afternoon. And-and I'm getting blasted because I haven't got the CCTV footage from the victim's mews, which I've been on every day. I mean, come on, they're Russian! Come on, Paul. I'll talk to Mr Delany with you. Thanks. It's been bad enough for my wife and I to have our daughter's private life raked over yet again. Bad enough when she was alive. If you have to resort to this crass media coverage, then why don't you just admit this investigation is making no progress? We have found that these programs, contrary to your suggestions, have proved very valuable. When? Tell me, when have you ever had a victim as well known as my daughter? Not recently. But by asking the public's assistance, we have, in the past, gained valuable information. Mr Delany, there are missing items from your daughter's mews. The soft toy rabbit, the mobile phone, the diary. Then why aren't you out there finding them?! We are endeavouring. By showing similar items on live TV, it may give us information we need. It's possible the killer may have taken them, but someone may have seen them. Rubbish. I refuse to let my daughter's death be exploited so the great British public can gloat over her murder. The press are already digging up disgusting stories about her promiscuity. Did you care about your daughter, Mr Delany? Pardon? If her personal life was such a disappointment to you. How dare you? If you did care, wouldn't you try to find out why she was so hell bent on destroying herself? You have no idea what we have been forced to endure. And you have no right whatsoever to suggest that my wife and I were lacking in affection for our daughter! Why was she so scared to sleep? Why was she terrified of the dark? We're not the press, OK? We are not the paparazzi. We're not hounding you. We're trying to find who killed your daughter. Why are you refusing to assist us? Refusing to assist you? You're detectives! You're paid to do investigate! We've come from France to bury Amanda. My wife and I wanted a quiet private ceremony, not to be part of a media circus! You should be ashamed of yourself. It's like chalk and cheese, compared to my father. My dad loved me no matter what I did. But he abandoned her. I don't blame you. But you were pretty hard on him. Yeah, I haven't finished with him yet. (TEXT MESSAGE TONE) Yes! What?! Success with the Russians. God help us. There's a van load of boxes. Hundreds of them! Bloody hell. Not one of them is dated. Copy them, share them out, find the ones we need. The funeral's kicking off in a minute. We have that covered. This is important. (PAPARAZZI SHOUTING OVER EACH OTHER) Forensics have a match on the sample found on the crucifix. Sean O'Dell? Yeah. (PAPARAZZI SHOUTING OVER EACH OTHER) There's more. A further two DNA matches on the semen stains from the bed linen. Sean O'Dell again and Scott Myers. 'Lying little bastards.' Little did any of us who loved her so dearly know that in such a short time her life would be taken. 'She will forever be in my mind.' 'And now I would like you to listen to a recording Amanda made of her favourite poem.' AMANDA'S VOICE: I am the green grass. 'I am the blonde hair caught between your fingers.' 'I am the light in your eyes when you look at me.' 'I am the light gone out of your eyes when you look away.' 'Don't look away.' 'I like you.' 'See, I am smiling.' 'Don't go away.' 'Stay. You want to stay, don't you?' This is from the night of the murder. Hold it there. You recognise her? Damn right I do. That's Helen Mitchell, Rupert Mitchell's wife. Fast forward. And there she is leaving, 20 minutes later. That's time enough. Paul's here to nick Helen Mitchell? What? What's going on? Mrs Mitchell lying through her teeth. We've got her on CCTV footage at the mews. Mrs Mitchell, will you please agree to accompany me to the station? Why? We've been as accommodating as possible. Your wife is a suspect in the Amanda Delany murder. Come with me now. It'll be even more embarrassing if I have to cuff you here. O'DELL: Hey, have you got any gear? I need some speed. I've been doing night shoots all week and I've to go from here to the film set. 'I don't know what you're on about, Mr O'Dell. It's not my scene.' 'But you're Amanda's driver, weren't you?' 'Poured us into the car on a number of occasions.' This is her funeral. 'Show some respect.' On your way. There's a good boy. Everything all right? Yeah, yeah. It's just a problem with a car. Actors, you know. Have you been shooting up behind that tombstone, hm? That cow of an agent has invited everyone back to the Delany hotel for drinks, apart from us. I should really give her a piece of my mind. Bitch! I just caught Harry ticking off O'Dell. There's something about those brothers. 'I agree.' But they've both got alibis. Anyone checked? Both. No previous. What can those two be talking about? Why don't you go fuck yourself, you stuck up bitch? I know all about you! It's all a sham! What, you steal enough money to pay for all this, did you? It's about time you left, young lady. Get off me! I know all about you and your brother. What? 'Because I know.' 'You know what? Where is he?' Do you know how much Amanda hated you? She knew what you were doing, she told me. I can't believe you showed your face! There's officers here. Come here, you! Get off me! He's assaulting me! He's assaulting me! Let her go. Let her go now! Mr James? Both of you, can I ask you some questions, please? You know those two girls - Amanda's flat mates? Well, I drove Amanda a few times when she lived with them, yeah. Did Amanda ever use you to drive her privately? Well, we both did, didn't we? Yeah. Sometimes if there was a premiere, she'd call one of us. What about any other drivers that she may have used? No. I don't know any. No. Excuse me. I got to get my car ready. You seemed very upset in the church. I was upset. It was the straw coffin and knowing that she was inside it. It did upset me, yeah. What about your brother? Listen, miss, we just do our job. No more, no less. I'll call your father. If you need representation, he'll get you the best. I don't want them told. My God, they took photographs of us. Lester? I don't know where you are, mate... ..but you're going to have to get in touch with us. You gotta talk to me. I know what this must be doing to you, but it doesn't make you look good. Do you understand? Now, you know that me and Tony - Shit. This was recorded the night of Amanda Delany's murder. Why did you lie to me? I swear she was alive when I left. I don't believe you're a murderer, but I need to know why you were there. I went to ask her to leave him alone. Just sit down for a minute. Do you want a coffee or something? Four hundred? That's more than last time. Can you get me some of that other gear? I got night shoots and I can't sleep. LESTER: I can't keep getting you stuff. It's every week now. What if someone sees me? Go out and come back the same way, for fuck's sake. What do you want, Mrs Mitchell? For you to leave us alone. I know you keep on calling Rupert and I also know he doesn't want to see you. Well, that's hard. We're on set every day. I can't help but see him. We're playing husband and wife. This is a very difficult time for me. I am having fertility treatment and this stress over you and Rupert is really unacceptable. I can't have kids. You might want to tell him he should be nicer to me on set. He doesn't know I've come here. I don't want him to be told. I just want you to leave him alone. Please. OK. Whatever. Can you describe the man she was talking to? Not really. I only saw a glimpse of him. Uh...blonde hair, suit. But I didn't really see his face. Was there anything else? Anything at all? I remember she said something about him leaving the way he came in. I am so sorry. We've been through all the footage. Whoever it was had to have come over the roof. So we've got three men who could have been in the house that night. Two actors, possible drug dealer. Chase it up. O'DELL: You two should do your fucking job, right? I'm sorry for sounding off. My heads cracking open. I had too much to drink at the funeral. Have a seat. You are far too attractive to be a detective. Do you ever think of switching careers? Do you know how close you are to being locked up, Mr O'Dell? We found evidence that shows that you were in Amanda Delany's bed before she was killed. You told me you hadn't seen her. Look, I'm sorry. I'm really sorry. I admit I lied. We were with her the night before she was murdered. She made these frantic calls. She wanted to see us. Us - that's me and Scott. But she got this stash of gear and we got wiped out. Where did she get it from? I don't know. What about that? Shit, yeah. Truth was, I was wearing it. We both got one from that movie. 'Amanda was messing around, filming us on her phone.' Scott, I can't believe you're agreeing to it. (GIGGLES) Don't give in to her, man. Don't give in to what? Yes, that's what I wanted. What's that? 'That's when she said that I'd taken her crucifix, but it was mine.' 'You bastard. You stole this.' 'No, I didn't.' 'Yeah, you did.' 'I was given one as well, remember?' 'No, this one's mine. Give it to me.' No, this one's mine, Amanda. Give it to me. 'Amanda, are you serious?' 'No, I -' Amanda, you're going to break it. I want it. Give it to me. Let it fucking go. You're hurting me. Jesus Christ! (LAUGHS) What are you doing? Fucking brat! Hurt my hand. She bust the chain. LANGTON: How did you get in? Over the roof. Did you leave the same way? Yes. Her driver was waiting for us. She didn't want us to leave. She hated being on her own at night. She'd freak out if she heard the slightest noise, you know. It was all in her head. She was paranoid. Describe this driver. Blonde guy. I dunno. You only see the back of their heads. Look, I was sick, so we had to stop for me to throw up. He dropped off Sean first. I sort of passed out. I don't hardly remember getting home. Why did you lie to us? Because she was murdered. We talked about it and we just decided to keep quiet. Having a threesome and getting off our heads on drugs - the press would have had a field day. Who was her dealer? I don't know. Look, we only went round there because she kept calling us about this problem she had with her agent, and money. I have two witnesses who know where I was the following night. Travis questioned O'Dell. He corroborates Scott's story. 'They were together.' You can go. I really am sorry for wasting your time. It's just when we heard about - Get out. Turn right at the end of the corridor. I hate those fucking people. So we have a driver and a dealer - neither of whom can be identified. Do you think it might be the same person? Helen Mitchell mentioned a blonde guy in a suit, Myers just told us about a blonde. Something was definitely going down between Harry James and O'Dell at the funeral. Was he scoring drugs? He told O'Dell that drugs weren't his scene. But Felicity Turner is a user and somebody supplied enough junk for Dan Hutchins to top himself. All right, bring the girls in first thing in the morning and er...find the supplier. If we've got a killer that's knocking off the kids from the flat, she'll be next. The Fitzpatrick situation - I didn't discuss it with anyone. I'm off the hook. Wasn't even on the investigation. Maybe he thinks it's me that grassed him up. Any more lies, any more forgotten shit, and you'll both be charged with perverting the course of justice. You wanna screw me? 'What are you doing?' St George's Hospital, now! About your promotion - I'm not prepared to sign your papers. itfc subtitles 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 