Wakfu: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Wakfu 
 s1e8 - Xav' le Boulanger - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Wakfu (2008–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Xav' le Boulanger - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Note: There is actually a pun there, where she calls him "pain de mie" basically sandwich bread, but "de mie" is pronounced "demi" which means "half" as well [Note: The expression "me rouler dans la farine" literally "roll me in the flour" basically means, "to trick me".] Original line: Don't try to pull the wool over my eyes! [Note: Yet another bread-related pun "Je ne mange pas de ce pain là" literally "I don't eat this kind of bread" meaning "I want no part of it" basically.] [Note: Again a pun. "se faire du blé" literally, "make some wheat," meaning make some money] [Note: Chouquette is the name of a pastry. BTW: The Breadnought's limbs are made of Chouquettes.] Sois le feu et la terre L'eau et la poussière Héros malgré toi Vois la légende s'écrire L'histoire se construire L'avenir est notre aventure 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Fais vivre la lumière Parler les éclairs La magie entre tes mains Pars suivre ton chemin Et regarde ton futur L'aventure Ta lumière guider ton destin Be of fire and the earth, the water and dust. The unwilling hero. Watch as the legend unfolds itself, as the story writes itself. This future is going to be your adventure. Make the light itself live, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 make the lightning speak with the magic in your hands. Go! Follow your destiny... and look towards your future, your adventure, and let your light guide your destiny! Episode 08: Xav' the Baker Weren't we supposed to reach Oma Island before nightfall? Well we haven't, unless trees grow on the sea now. Explain to me how we could have gotten lost? With a magic map, it was supposed to be a cakewalk, but no! Each time we try to follow it, there's a problem! O' wonderful map. The most handsome map amongst all others! From where do we leave this forest? Find it yourselves! The Iop shouldn't have insulted me! Here we are! Thanks to you, we're lost and we'll have to sleep on the ground like Mush Mushes! Again! No, don't worry. We just have to turn right after that tree there. It's breakfast time! You... You smell that? It smells like freshly baked bread. It's true. I smell it too... Wait, where's Ruel? Maybe he made us something to eat! I don't think so. Pleasant odors are rarely associated with Ruel. I had a great sleep! How about you? Oh yeah. That scent of bread is coming from a village that is just... Uh... over there. You mean we slept out there with this weather, when there was a village just over there?! See? I was right. We weren't lost! I swear one day, I'm gonna- Wow! It smells really good! Wheat fields. It must be a baker's village. Okay, let's go! I'd rather hurry up and look at their bread than stare at the fields! I think it's time we get Grovy something to eat... His stomach's growl is kinda... worrying. No... For once, he had nothing to do with that. Look over there. Go, Breadnought, trample everything! What do you think they're doing? Nothing, nothing! They're having fun, obviously! Alright... Let's go and eat something! We're all starving. What is this mess? We've got to do something! That poor creature is bring attacked by a mad baker! Wait, I have a question... Was he serious? Because if he was... He just took it to a whole new level... No... I think he was joking, for once... What do you want? You're with the monster, aren't you? You're sure you want to go? I mean, no one saw us yet, so we can still run away. I mean, just look at the size of that... I knew it. This happens every time... Please, do not stay there! You'll be flattened thinner than a pancake! No! I won't let these young people handle things alone! Now! Breadnought, destroy the storage! I don't know what you're plotting, but it won't be as easy as you think. Thank you for your help, shortbread! My storage! We've got to save my Golden Wheat Flour storage! Why did you attack the baker? I don't know... He seemed more menacing than the other one. I'm sorry for the Fire Arrow. No, you did well. Without your help, that monster would probably have destroyed everything. How can we thank you? How about breakfast? Grovy, that's too much! You need to mind your manners! I've never eaten such good bread before! At the inn, good bread was the only thing my dad couldn't do. At least you weren't you the guinea pig for his first few experiments. Why did that ugly dwarf attack you? He probably wanted to stop me from participating in the competition. Every five years, the village organizes a contest for the best bread. The winner earns the privilege to present his work to the king of Bonta. Well, you've got my vote, Xav'! Um... You can still compete, right? I have no chance of winning without my Golden Wheat Flour. I can't compete against the others with ordinary flour. That old, rye-l'd up croûton... Xav', that's ridiculous. Don't tell me you think Ratafouine was the one who controlled that monster. Why not? He'll do anything to remain the upper crust of the village! Must I remind you that his seedy little tricks gave him the purest source of water in the area. He knows that the quality of his bread depends entirely on the quality of the water used to bake it. But this time, he won't get away with it. I'm gonna... It's grandpa Ratafouine! Hooray! Croissants! Is everybody all right...? Now who was playing with matches over there? As if you didn't know! You butcher! I won't believe any of your half-baked alibis! The truth is that you're just afraid to face me in the tournament! I'm warning you! You'll pay me back for all the damage you've caused! Now, I'm certain of it! My son has yeast in his thick head! No! That's enough! How nice of you to make the children cry! Whether you believe it or not son, I have nothing to do with this. I'll even give you all the flour and water you need to take part in the contest, if you want. No thanks. I'll make my victory rise without your help! You're so pigheaded. Looks like they're a bit too toasted... That stale old crumb won't forgive me for trying to stand on my own two feet. He'd rather I make my bread his way. Why is that? Aren't there several ways to bake bread? Of course! The same way there are several ways to play music or write poetry! My father has an obsession for a hard crust, while I favor the softness of the inside of the bread. I see! So it's the hard crust versus the soft hot inside! You've summed up the situation quite well Yugo. Your papa has an inn around Emelka, right? Yes! And his specialty is the Roasted Gobball Blanquette! It's not just your average Blanquette! ... There it is. He's sympathizing with the guy. I bet that in two minutes, he'll come back to us and say, "Hey guys, how about we help someone who really deserves it?" Us? Helping to knead dough? No thanks! I'd rather be the one giving out the, "kneading." And what else? We won't take care of every little problem we stumble upon now will we? Be careful, he's coming! Okay... So this time, we resist together! Alright? Hey guys, how about we help someone who really deserves it? If we help Xav', we'll be able to take a bath afterwards and sleep in a comfy bed. And we'll manage to make ourselves some, "dough" too. But... I'm warning you, it will probably be super-dangerous! There could be monsters around every corner! Really big ones! So, how about it? And what about me? Don't I get a little sentence to bribe me? No, that would be meaningless! You're too cunning for that! Clever kid... Xav' bakes his bread from Golden Wheat Flour. It is very rare wheat whose quality is unrivaled. But we only have enough seeds left to try this twice. Don't worry, Helen. Amalia is a princess amongst the Sadida. No one can help you better than her. I need water Evangelyne. But not too much. You can count on me. Oh, no! No! Sorry, I... It's too hard. I can't do it. I believe in you. I know you can do it. To bring life to the perfect bread, all the ingredients must be of the highest quality. But an enormous amount of precision is also needed, and this precision can only be achieved by mastering these movements. The Baker on the Lookout! Your body and mind must be made one... The Balancing Baker! I never thought that bakers were so disciplined. Only the best are, Yugo. Come on Yugo, focus. Or else we'll never be ready in time. Not only did he take the spring away from them, he makes them pay for the water... This guy sure has a crafty business sense. So... What do we do? We're not gonna slaughter this poor beast for some drops of water. No, but we won't spend all night on figuring this out either... Let's make it simple. We'll do it like an Iop. I make a diversion, and you fill the canteen. Ah, no, no. I know your diversions. They always end in... Help! Just a bit more water, and it'll be perfect. Okay. That's wonderful, girls! It's perfect! Bravo! You're a true Sadida princess Amalia! Now we just have to hop over to the mills to get our flour! I see. While we were taking dangerous risks, these guys were dancing. Do not insult the stances of a baker, Grovy! They are incredibly hard to master! Well, since everyone has succeeded in their tasks, all we have to do is win this tournament! Wow! It's impressive! Glad to see you're here, sonny! We'll be able to settle this dispute once and for all. As you say, gramps. Hop! Welcome to Chtibrout's fifty-third Grandmaster Baker's Tournament! Every five years, the finest bakers will compete to win the Master-Baker's Trophy! I remind you that this year, the winner will receive the honor of giving his bread to the king of Bonta. Contestant number one! Xav' the baker, and his assistant Yugo! There's no need to introduce them again! Contestant number two! Master Ratafouine and his assistant Chouquette! Ratafouine is our current champion, and has been for many years now, but today his old apprentice will be facing him! On the top of that, this man is also his son! Contestant number three! Groll, who smells like the countryside, and his apprentice Gagnork. Contestant number four! Macrobio, coming back to us from Bonta with new, experimental techniques. Maybe we should have taken a sample, my dear Matématé. Contestant number five! My favorite, Chochanna, a newcomer specialized in delicious buns. Chochanna and her miracle buns! But they aren't a miracle yet. We'll see how they turn out. Ladies and gentlemen, dear master bakers, On your mark... Go! The artists will start by mixing the ingredients required for the dough. Flour, water, salt, and yeast. Each ingredient's quality is important. Kneading 101, it's all about making homogeneous dough. The inside's texture depends on it. What presence! What style! Ratafouine hasn't been nicknamed, "The Crust Genius" for nothing! If we gave out a prize for sheer weirdness, then the winner would definitely be our friend Macrobio. I'll let you taste this contestant's bread. I'm afraid I won't be able to fully appreciate it... The first step is over. Now the contestants will have let their dough rest. This is the checking step. The dough will rest and ferment until its volume doubles! Go, Groll! Really, your contestant has no chance of winning! In your dreams, gramps. Groll! You want to bet? Here we go again! Now the master bakers will divide the dough into sticks of equal size and weight. We call it, "The Division." Afterwards, the sticks will then be molded into various shapes and sizes, so that they will look like proper bread loaves or baguettes. The molding phase also allows them to check the dough's strength and correct it before moving on to the final phase. I don't feel so good. Here is the long awaited, crucial moment of this tournament! It's over for master Macrobio, whose bread just bit the dust! I used to use an hourglass like them, but now I only trust my nose. Yes, me too! By the smell, I could tell when Dad's Blanquette was perfectly cooked! It's ready! The scent is like a melody. When it gives you the shivers, you know it's ready. Yugo! Now! It's her! My precious idol! I'd let her knead my dough, if you know what I mean. The contestant's bread will be judged under five standards of quality! Form, texture, crustiness, smell, and taste. There are two contestants who clearly stick out from the others. Ratafouine, like every year, your bread is a true masterpiece! It is worthy of being presented in the greatest dining halls of the world! Xav', the inside of your bread is like a festival of aromas. An enchantment to the taste buds. But the only thing it lacks is a worthy crust. After some discussion, we've decided to base our reward on not just surprise, but novelty as well. So this year's winner is... Xav' the baker! Come here, Kamas! You soft little crusts! I'll make you despise the taste of fresh bread! Oh my! So she was the Breadnought? Chouquette! How dare you! But, master! This is an insult to you! Only you deserve the honors and I- I said that's enough! Master... Forgive me. My love for you drove me to do it. How romantic! So the little croûton had the heart of a sweet bun after all. You were right Xav'. I was stale, like an old crumb. A father should always encourage their children to make their own decisions. What if we showed our bread to the king together? The both of us will make the most wondrous and beautiful of all bread. You deserved to win, sonny. Your bread had a unique taste. So, isn't it good to help people? That's true, but I always wait for- Hey! Be careful you greedy pig! Calm down a bit, kids. Delicious! That mustache suits you very well! It really brings out your femininity. That was how Helen seduced me. And I thought it was for my cooking! Translation: FPSW Radiant Destiny Original subs (and QC): Chojiki Edited subs: Wallachia 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 