Wakfu: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Wakfu 
 s1e6 - Vampyro - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Wakfu (2008–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Vampyro - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Sois le feu et la terre L'eau et la poussière Héros malgré toi Vois la légende s'écrire L'histoire se construire L'avenir est notre aventure Fais vivre la lumière Parler les éclairs La magie entre tes mains Pars suivre ton chemin Et regarde ton futur 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 L'aventure Ta lumière guider ton destin Be of fire and the earth, the water and dust. The unwilling hero. Watch as the legend unfolds itself, as the story writes itself. This future is going to be your adventure. Make the light itself live, make the lightning speak with the magic in your hands. Go! Follow your destiny... and look towards your future, your adventure, and let your light guide your destiny! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Episode 06: Vampyro Here I am in my new dress, and I designed it myself! Ta-da! So how do I look? Oh! Magnificent! You're magnificent, princess! Oh yes! It's really cute. It was my first day as the princess's companion, and I didn't know how I was supposed to answer this question. So? You're going to laugh, but I told her what I really thought of it. "You look like a gobball!" Of course, she didn't listen to one word of it and continued to wear it. For months everyone called her, "Princess Gobball!" Princess gobball! I should have asked Father to dump you all in the dungeon. You wouldn't have been so happy about that! Are you sure we're heading the right way to Oma Island? According to the map we need to go through that village. It's called... Uh... Katrepat town. Oh yes, it's unavoidable, but it's a nice place. Very lively! Lively? Nature's sick here. It's as if darkness has cursed that village... Well, well, what instinct! Agh! If only you gross, old bwork could just stop talking in front of my nose! We'll finally be able to eat and rest! Right. Let's hope it's not eternal rest... We just need to find a good inn. I'm hungry as a boowolf! Me too. I could eat a whole flock of gobballs! Our hunger wouldn't be a problem if you didn't gobble up all our rations on the first day! Mm! That dragoturkey sausage... That mushmush bread! And the jellybeans! You morfals! I didn't even have time to taste one! Ah! An inn at last! Hello folks, I'm Sir Sadlygrove, legendary hero! I bring along ravenous adventurers! Bring us your best! Judging by the customer's slow appearance, I don't think this is a fast food joint. I suggest we get out of here before we end up like them. I believe my belly doesn't agree with you, Ruel. I'm just too hungry! As my father used to say, "Eat one hand, keep the other for tomorrow." Well, since we're here we may as well try the local food. Better not spend too much time here, this lighting makes my skin look terrible. It's her! She's the one I need! Bring her to me, Vampyro! I want her! As you want, my love. Your wish is my command Ugh! Maa, mamaliga... Ew... Ugh! so that's mamaliga... No thanks... I'd rather roll in mud than swallow this horror! So, jealous now? Who was wise enough to eat his little fishy on the road? Well, let's hope their bedsheets are cleaner than their dishes... What? We're not seriously going to sleep here? On second thought, I'm curious to see what their rooms look like... Yeah, a real bed! I was getting tired of sleeping outside! Hey, that one's my bed! Look! Yours is down here! Thank you, little buddy! There we go! Don't worry, Yugo. You can sleep over here by me. I couldn't let you suffocate thanks to Kind-Hearted-Grandpa's smelly feet Well, you youngsters just don't know how to respect your elders anymore! Hmph! Sigh... Anyways, I don't know how I'm going to sleep with an empty stomach... Maybe we should've tried the mamaliga after all... No thanks, I'd rather die of hunger than of food poisoning! Ruel, you old crook! So you still had food! Yet you told us- This tiny apple? But I just found it in the bottom of my bag! Unbelievable... Even when exhausted and famished, they just don't stop. Hah, we have nothing but worthless people in our group! It's nothing new. Now blow out the light. I'd like to get some sleep now. Wait a bit, I'm not done- No! Now! With all due respect, princess, you could act a bit more friendly. I don't have to be friendly to my bodyguard! Especially when she tells everyone about how I was called, "Princess Gobball!" Do you see her, Vampyro? Is she here? No, she must be asleep. I'll have to remember that I should remind the innkeeper to tidy this place up. Ah, there she is... ...a true beauty! Ah! Help! What're you doing in my bed, Yugo?! Stop that Iop-ish talk! It looks like the girls need help! Great! Good thing we weren't counting on you... Well, let's take care of the ones behind you and go back to bed. Look at that showoff... Who's that? I am Count Vampyro, lord of Katrepat. Welcome to my home. Please let us enjoy a share of the happiness you have brought here. Evangelyne, what's happening to you? Come, Evangelyne! Join us! Yes, that's it. Join us. In a few moments you'll be mine, you breathtaking creature. You are magnificent... Leave her alone, you damn pervert! Release Evangelyne immediately or else I'll get really angry! How about joining my army instead, young fool? How can it be? I'm unable to steal your shadow! Now that's unexpected... Well then- Take care of them, my ghouls! That tall, thin guy took Evangelyne away! We've got to go after them! Don't worry, I've got a plan! Crush them! ... Can't I sleep in peace? There! All taken care of! What's going on here? You gonna tell me what all that ruckus was about? No time for sleep! We need to go save Evangelyne! There's too many! We've gotta get out of here! And they're sturdy bastards, at that! Take this in your ugly mug, you ghoul! Ouch! That's my head, Ruel! Well, no wonder! You're as ugly as them! They haven't even touched our mamaliga plate! Hey, look up there! Huh, what is it now? What kind of crazy village is this?! To the tower, quick! Get out of the way, you! They've stopped chasing us. Looks like they're afraid of the tower! That's where the accursed vampire took Evangelyne! OK, let's go get Evangelyne! Nice... There! Now you owe me another one. Go without me. Evangelyne must be saved, no matter what. Good luck, Grovy! They didn't hesitate for very long... Eva, what did he do to you? Ok, Mr. Big Hair isn't here so let's think before we act for once. Now that's some wise advice. So tell me, why so serious? Relax a bit! You're Count Vampyro's guests! Look at his cape! It's billowing by itself! Remember, don't look at his eyes! You bunch of peasants! Power is nothing without style This cape cost me a fortune, but it gives me a modern and sexy look! A fortune for that? That's silly! What?! You dare call this silly? You think it's silly if someone cares about his appearance, just so he looks presentable?! Judging by the rags you're wearing you're not even worth talking to... Good thing he told us not to look at his eyes. You're barely worth adding to my ghoul army! Ruel, are you alright? Poor old man! He's even uglier than usual! There, there, big guy. Do me a favor, my monster. Be kind... Go take care of them. Ruel, remember who you are! Could you tell me what's going on? What's this thing?! That's thing's Ruel! Vampyro hypnotized him! Attacking a weak old man like him, that's not very sportsmanlike! If he's so weak, then you should be able to beat him easily. Ruel, stop! Amalia, do you have any kamas with you? Kamas? Ok, I think I understand... Great! Ruel! Who's this nice shiny kama for? It's for my buddy Ruru! Well, who's it for? Alright! Now that this is all taken care of... Now it's your turn! Impressive! I see you know your old friend well... You've been able to awaken his most basic instincts... But all your efforts are in vain, for in a just few moments my love will receive a new body... Evangelyne? You shouldn't be here! You could get sick! It's not that bad... I just want to spend some time with you. Eva... You're really crazy, you know? Ah! At last! You will be in my embrace soon, my darling. I can hardly wait. Release her! Or else I swear you're going to regret it! Don't underestimate your foes, Vampyro! We can't afford to fail so close to our goal. Well done, Amalia! Come here! No, you come here! You people are ridiculous! Wait a minute... Look at this arm! He's get the demon's brand! That guy's a guardian like me? You, a guardian? So that's why I couldn't take your shadow away. Hello Rubilax. It's been a while. Ombrage, old girl, how's it going? Quite well! And in just a few moments I'll enter a new body... and be free once again! I am impressed you managed to pervert your guardian to such an extent. He had a reputation for being a tough one. This idiot fell in love with me. His solitude was his downfall. That weakling let his desires get the best of him! That happened to you too, if I remember correctly. Maybe, but I never fell in love with Rubilax! Ugh, you Iop-brain... Silence! Everything will be over soon! Yes, that's it, let's finish this. Yugo, if we can take off his ring, then the guardian will be freed. If you managed to do it to me, then this crummy guardian should be no problem. Well, I dunno... He looks more impressive than your demonic form... Ombrage is a demon that has five different elements, while I only have four. You don't stand a chance against her... What? What are you talking about? If you had only listened to the teachings of your predecessor, you'd have known that already! Since when do you need to have brains to fight? Behind you. You poor fool. You're like a little mouse fighting a tiger. Since I can't take your shadow... I have no use for you! Grovy! Begone! Tell me, my love... What can they possibly do against such a great power? Stop acting like a clown and finish them! Of course! Your wish is my command... The time has come to finish this, my young friends... Say your prayers! A Tofu? No! Away with you! You damn little critter... Cool! Well, well... Looks like this big showoff is not as invulnerable as he says. He's allergic to Tofus! You humiliated me! Get a hold of yourself, Vampyro! Don't let your rage get the best of you! Just you wait! You're gonna pay for that! No! Stay calm! I'll slice you up, dry your meat, and eat a tiny little morsel every single day! How about eating this instead! And Grovy makes his comeback! Vengeance! Evangelyne! Are you alright? I'm so sorry! I should never have talked to you the way I did before! You're a princess, of course... You've got the right to be a nuisance once in a while. A nuisance?! There's no need to exaggerate, it's true! I'm a bit demanding once in a while, but calling me a nuisance?! My head... My ring! Where is it?! Thank you! You saved me! Wagnar, my beloved! Silence! You won't fool me twice, demon! I was deceived by her sweet words. My behavior was unworthy of a Guardian! Bah! It happens to the best! However can I repay you? Well, there is one thing that springs to mind... Enjoy your meal, everyone! Hey, Ruel, you could at least cut those nails of yours. I think... it's got style. Maybe I'll leave it like this for a little while. Style? From someone who runs after a kama like a puppy? You were just weren't seeing things clearly, Evangelyne. After all, you were asleep. You should know that it was just a diversion to stall for time and think about a plan. Oh yeah? Original subs: [EF] Edited subs: Wallachia 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 