The Thick of It: Season 3, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Thick of It 
 s3e6 - Episode #3.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Thick of It (2005–2012): Season 3, Episode 6 - Episode #3.6 - full transcript 
 Nicola only wants the press to warm to the idea of the Fourth Sector initiative,likening it to a cake,but when she claims the prime minister,absent at a conference in Spain,is the right man "for the moment" it sparks off whispers that she may be putting herself forward as party leader. Tucker steps in to sidetrack her but,when Terri confronts him with a few home truths,it leads to his having a virtual breakdown. Glenn considers putting himself forward as a possible minister,promising Ollie a seat in his cabinet. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Malcolm is starting to confide, you know, "You've no idea what it's like at Number 10. "You've no idea what I have to deal with." So, you know, the pressure of the job is getting to him. He had that long sequence when he confides in Terri. - Yeah. - And we've never seen that before. 1 I think you're wrong, Malcolm. You're like a sultana in a salad. Terri, can we have a word? That sequence where Malcolm has his semi-breakdown in front of Terri, our job as characters was to sort of stand and look 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 amazed, really, outside the glass. And I can remember watching that happen, watching Peter take Jo into that room, and for the first 30 seconds thinking, "I need to look amazed." And then I just stopped acting after that because it's one of the most amazing things I've ever seen in my life. He did it in a take, basically, he had to do two little pick-ups for lines, but he did that thing in a take. I used to be the fucking pharaoh, Terri. I used to be the fucking pharaoh. Mmm. Now I'm fucking floundering in a fucking Nile of shit. And I was saying to Rebecca afterwards, we just stood there going... So when you see us going... We're just kind of astounded by the power of this man's performance. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He's amazing. Don't tell him we said that. - No, cut that bit. - He gets terribly, terribly big-headed. - Yeah. - But it was incredible. The Prime Minister is absolutely the right man for the moment. - Not for the moment. - For the moment? That's the worst possible thing that you could say. Terri, get the dozy giblet back in here. These are people digging their own hole and then shitting in the hole and then rolling around in the shit. And saying, "Oh, no! Look, I'm covered in shit." Um, so... so... That's why the lockdown works, I think, as another example of one of those problems that would be a lot better dealt with with a little less action. Daily politics and the in-fighting, if you can put it that way, is very, very quick and ferocious, but I spend probably about 90% of my time on medium, longer-term stuff. The exciting stuff is what you see in The Thick Of It, though. The BBC have put it on the website. You saying that the PM's the best man for the job. - Shit. - Yeah. And they're saying that you fired the starter pistol on a new leadership bid. - OLLY: I've got it on here. - I mean, yes. Absolutely. At some point, I would love there to be a female leader. I can't imagine what she'd be like leading the party. And she'd certainly be a very, very long shot. I mean, she's not terrifically bright. And she's not very consistent. And she's given to panic. And so, in many ways she is a liability. Well, these days they do say, don't they, that brightness is actually against you in terms of being - the leader of a party. - Oh, really? Oh, well. In that case, yeah. I'll go for it. Yeah. It's pretty inconceivable but in a period of opposition flux, it's not totally unimaginable that she might be a kind of head of the politburo for three weeks kind of like, "Oh, did she slip in here? We all voted for her that week. "It all went a bit mental." So I think she would be a surprising choice but there might be a political climate in which everyone decided she was, she was the lain Duncan Smith of the day and that she was going to be a safe pair of hands, which she definitely wouldn't be. I don't think she would be a very good leader. She's too emotive and she's got too many mad ideas. My aim is to bake a cake that actually can consume itself, 'cause that, in a sense, is what the Fourth Sector is doing. We're baking a self-eating cake. I mean, I think she talks at one point about Fourth Sector pathfinders, which is marvellous. And it's funny because you could imagine someone saying it. I wouldn't be surprised if some New Labour minister at some point has actually said it. I remember one minister describing this great voluntary sector as the third leg of the stool. And I'm not quite sure what anybody was meant to make of that, so sometimes phrases that are a bit too complicated, a bit too buzzy, and they sound like they've come either from a think tank or from a management consultant, sometimes they end up in a speech or being used on the floor of the House Of Commons. And you can see sometimes even MPs in there scratching their heads and thinking, "What is he on about?" If she were leading the party, she'd probably have slightly better advice. Or maybe not. But arguably, she might have a better team around her. With a better team, she'd actually be a more successful politician than she is at the moment. I am going to stand in the election. Fucking hell. Sort of hard to take on board. It's like being told your dad's gay or something. I am strangely really proud of you. I think it's nice, the fact that you find out that Glenn is standing as a prospective parliamentary candidate. In the world of politics, amongst researchers and advisors, it's a bit like "Have you ever thought of acting?" To people in the media world. "Oh, no! I never would." But you sort of suspect that they wouldn't have gone into that world if basically they didn't want to be Prime Minister. I think that special advisors have grown in importance under the current government. They've been given authority to really, in effect, overrule civil servants, which was never the case before 1997. But they've always been influential and powerful. And yes, I don't think that The Thick Of It overstates their influence and importance, either. Yeah, I think the same hierarchy exists within spads as it does within politicians. You want to be top dog. I'm sure the Treasury spads strut their stuff over everybody else. You're also, I think, very loyal to your particular minister, so your fortunes rise and fall with him or her. I'm afraid my chances of becoming an MP have been torpedoed by the U-boat that was you. He's quite moral, isn't he, Glenn? He's the closest... He's the closest to actually steadily moral in the whole thing, and he's just as blown by the winds as everybody else in some respects, but he kind of feels it more, I always think. I think Glenn is an old-fashioned idealist. And I think Glenn and Olly compete not to be the whipping boy of DoSAC. I think that's essentially what their relationship is. They're constantly attacking one another. Glenn mentioning his seniority and calling Olly inconsequential. And Olly mocking Glenn's age as though he's somehow old-fashioned and no good and should be put out to pasture. That's what they're doing. They're competing all the time not to be at the bottom. If anything, Glenn, I am hung under. First DoSAC party under the new regime, you lasted till, I'd say, seven? Yeah, well, I do have a life, Ollie. Yes. But only in the way that, you know, jellyfish or athlete's foot have a life. What was it last night, then? Candlelit anniversary dinner for one? I think, actually, Glenn's private life is probably more pleasant than everyone else in the show makes out. There's a great deal of play made of the fact that he's like some octogenarian kind of... pervert. I mean, that seems to me that he's just sort of over 50 and isn't reading Nuts magazine, so I think I'd stick up for Glenn and say he probably goes home and has a nice glass of red wine and watches Newsnight and does the crossword and is having a perfectly nice time. Whatever he does, he does it cleanly. - I'm fairly confident of that. - Well, I was going to say that I thought there might be a few dirty handkerchiefs. - Oh, do you think? - But who knows? I mean... I think there's a slight tendency towards OCD with Glenn. - Do you? - Mmm. I suspect everything's... - He cleans up afterwards? - Oh, yeah. - After what? - Mmm. How are you feeling about things? Well, you know, I'm just trying to do my best and, you know, make sure I can still get home by 6:00. Terri can see certain things going wrong but is missing a lot of others. She's such a B+ kind of woman, really. - And um, you know... - That's great. ...you need a bit more in that job, I suspect. It would be too much effort to be an A-, wouldn't it? - It'd just mean coming in earlier. - Yeah. Why should she? It would mean coming in earlier, staying later, spending your weekend reading sort of management books. And she probably could be more, that's what's frustrating about her. She could probably be extremely good and she just cannot be arsed. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 