The Thick of It: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Thick of It 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Thick of It (2005–2012): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 As press secretary Terri piles more departmental press releases on Hugh's desk, hard-hitting journalist Simon Hewitt publicly denounces his ability and Tucker is aghast to find out how ignorant Hugh is of popular culture, providing him with an idiot's guide tape. Ollie decides there should be a focus group and that they should be guided by a representative of middle England - Mary. Hugh is charmed by her. Tucker is wary and determined to get one over on Hewitt. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (Glenn) Producing better stuff... You're late. And you look like shit. I know both ofthose things already. Margaret Thatcher used to survive on less than four hours' sleep a night. - How is that possible? - Monkey glands. (Glenn) She was mad. Mad people have different needs. (Hugh) And she lived above the shop, so she didn't have to commute. God, I mean, London is so big. Can't we devolve some ofit? - (Glenn sighs) - IfI could get one decent night's shut-eye... Well, do yourselfa favour and stay in the flat. I can't break my promise to Kate. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Do you actually get to see the children? Glenn, I don't have time for that. All I do... I work, I eat, I shower...that's it. And occasionally... I take a dump, just as a sort oftreat. I mean, that really is my treat. That's what it's come to. That's... I sit there and I think... ''No, I'm not gonna read the New Statesman. ''This time is just for me. This is quality time just for me.'' - Is that normal? - It's sad. - At least I've made something. - Morning, Secretary ofState. We've got quite a lot to get through. - I've cancelled that interview for BBC Norfolk. - Why? Well, it was gonna clash with the two minutes' silence. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Good call. - Ifyou're not remembering the dead and talking about benefit fraud in Kings Lynn you are gonna look a bit ofa dick. Olly, could you get me another coffee? (Terri) Remember what I told you? When I was working at Waitrose? - Yes. I know. - Do you remember that? It was two minutes' silence, ordinary Sunday, and somebody went on the Tannoy about a spillage alert. - The tabloids were like rats up a drainpipe. - Were they? Can you just...? It's the Times. Could you just have a quick look at that? - Is it about me? - Have a read ofit first. I find this job exciting enough - without injecting artificial suspense. - (Mobile) You're cock-teasing, Terri, tell me what it is. - Hello, Malcolm. - (Shouting, indistinct) - No, he hasn't yet. No. - What? - He is, isn't he? He's a prick. - (Glenn) Who's a prick? - Am I a prick? - Yep, rip the ball sack off. - (Glenn) Whose ball sack? - Whose ball sack? - (Shouting continues) - Whose balls? - Hello, Malcolm. - Have you seen Simon Hewitt's piece? I haven't quite been through it, er, yet. Have you got to the bit where he calls you out ofyour depth? No, at the moment he's calling me... ''the political equivalent ofthe house wine at a suburban Indian restaurant''. That's not very good, is it? Hang on a second. Ooh, ''insipid'', yeah. (Mumbles) ''Uninspiring''. (Olly) Christ, that's bad, look at that. Ooh, ''disconnected to the point ofautism''. We're gonna get this tosser, Hugh, don't you worry. He'll be at the Sport, Photoshopping the tits ofHollyoaks extras by the end ofthe month. Can I just... Hello? No, he's gone. That's great. Malcolm's backing me. - (Olly) Yeah? - So, how do we respond to this? Right, we don't exchange insults with bloody Simon arsepipes titty-twat. Is that honestly the best swearing you can come up with? This is a bucket ofshit. Ifsomeone throws shit, we throw shit at them. We start a shit fight. We throw so much shit back at them that they can't pick up shit, throw shit, or do shit. - (Terri) Mm. - That's top swearing, Glenn, well done. - Watch and learn. - (Hugh) We're all agreed that the department needs to look a bit less... - (Olly) Autistic. - ..badly staffed. So we need to, at this morning's policy review, come up with some sort ofnew announcement that's a bit more connected, bit more...funky! (Olly) Funky. (Terri) Look, erm... I hope you're not gonna just toss offsome policy just to get back at some journalist. So, erm, essentially this is just us again but in a bigger room, isn't it? - And without Terri. - Yeah, I've block-booked 14 meeting rooms. - She'll never find us. - It's foolproof. It's the only way to get any work done. Chris from Health does it all the time. OK, all right, I'll start. There was a key worker policy I worked up a couple ofmonths ago. Quite like that. We need to find an angle. A very good angle. Youths. You know? People are afraid ofyouths. - I mean, I know I am. - Grrr. - You taking the piss? - (Olly) No. I'm just joshing. - It sounds as though you're taking the piss. - It's just good-natured joshing. - Will the two ofyou just shut up? - I am being good-natured. Shut up for a minute, please. Where else can we go? Pollution, the environment. Litter, dog shit. - (Olly) Aiming high. - We aimed high, now we're at dog shit. - (Olly) So what you're... - This is what we're doing. - I'm putting it about... - (Glenn) Morning, Malcolm. ..that Hewitt's piece was a packet ofbollocks, a favour to Cliff. - Cliffbeing...? - (Glenn) CliffLawton. Hugh's predecessor. He and Hewitt are tight as arse cheeks. - Are they now? - Fuck knows, but that's what we're saying. It's personal, it's back-slapping, it's borderline homoerotic, and you are the innocent victim ofa nasty media stitch-up. - OK, right. - I'm fixing you up with a ''me and my media'' piece with your ex Angela Heaney. But it is a perfect opportunity to show just how clued up you are, actually. Hughy Abbot, the in-touch guy. You're on the ball, you know the price ofa pint ofmilk, you love HBO imports, VH1, Pixar, - you dig the Streets... - Yeah, no, they're all great. You've got absolutely no fucking idea what I'm talking about, do you? Yeah, yeah, I do. Who's the only gay in the village? Eddie Grundy. I-I don't know. No, he's got children. Mind you, a lot of them do, these days. Ben at the Foreign Office... - What's a chav? - Ch... Erm... - It's...erm... - You must know this, Hugh. - Hugh, what is a chav? - Chav. - (All) Chav. Chav. - Just saying ''chav'' isn't very helpful. This is important stuff, Hugh. Right. We do a weekly digest for the Prime Minister. We boil down the week's television, cinema, music, so on... - The Zeitgeist tapes. - (Malcolm) Exactly. Zeitgeist tape. EastEnders highlights, choice bits from the reality shows, ten-second music videos. God, that's why the PM always looks so clued up. I always though he was genuinely quite with it. No, he uses phrases like ''with it'' as well. I'm gonna bike that over to Terri. Watch it, OK? And when you talk to Angela Heaney, stick the boot into Hewitt, remember? I'm putting it about that Cliffoffered him two weeks at his Tuscan villa for that piece. - Ten-four, daddy-o. - Hey, hey, hey, hey, this is serious. You have got 24 hours to sort out your policy on EastEnders, right? Or you're for the halal butchers. (Imitates EastEnders drums) Even he knows. Terri. - Two main contenders for our policy decision. - Right. Er, we change arts and music policy funding so that we give most ofthe money to the bad kids, give them intensive arts and music tuition, stop them turning into tomorrow's crims and offenders. Perhaps you'd like to outline your...? I'm for we punish disruptive kids by cutting them out ofextra music and arts tuition. Show them the carrot and the stick early on. The bad kids, they get no money. - And, Olly, the same bad kids, they get... - More money. - More money. - They could both play. - They're fundamentally contradictory. - So which one should we go with? Why don't you go with both ofthem or neither ofthem or a different policy? (Hugh) You're being quite flippant. - Do you have a preference? - That's not my role. I sell the apples. Ifyou want me to sell apples, I will. Ifyou want me to sell oranges, I'll go and tell people that the apples are shit, Olly. They're shit. I'll say, ''Go on, check out our oranges.'' Which do you prefer? Apples or oranges. - Apples. - (Hugh) Apples. - Apples. - OK. Thank you. - Apples. - (Glenn) Ifwe spend taxpayers' money putting thugs into productions ofthe fucking Cherry Orchard we're gonna get crucified, and rightly so. Hang on a second. Terri, which was apples? Was Olly apples or was Glenn apples? She's...she's gone. (Olly) Let's throw this to a focus group. (Hugh) Yeah. Yeah, whatever. So, this is where you've been having these secret meetings, is it? - (Hugh) Yeah. No. - No. Yeah. - Well? - I cannot keep abreast ofall this. - Can't you pr?cis some ofit for me? - Yeah. Yeah, sure. I'll take a pr?cis ofthe transcripts and a pr?cis ofthe press packs. Could you pr?cis this for me, the Zeitgeist tape? Check this out. This is a tape ofthis morning's focus group. This is Mary, she is a focus group legend. - (Hugh) Mary. - Mary she's called. Everything that she's said in the last 12 months in every focus group has chimed exactly with the core voter. And she loved my arts for hearts and minds policy. - Arts for hearts and minds? - That's what we're calling it. And she said, Glenn, that it chimed brilliantly with stay-at-home mums like her. And she's really core Middle England, is she? Totally, totally core Middle England. (Mary) If children are put in a position where they've got responsibility, I think they'll rise to that challenge. Art is all about expression, isn't it.? Can we get her in for a one-to-one? - Yeah. Absolutely. - What, we're gonna pr?cis the focus group? - Yeah. - We'll just make it a bit more...focused. Everybody else basically agrees with what she says. She's got everything. Very good way to work. I like this. Cut out all the extraneous stuff, you know. Just the facts, man. Just the protein. Atkins government. (Olly) OK, I'll get her in. In fact here they are now. - Hello! - Hi. I'm Mary. This is Hugh Abbott, this is Mary. And, Mary, this is Glenn Cullen. - And this is Mary, our focus group star. - (Hugh) Great to meet you. (Mary) Thank you. I keep getting asked back. Well, you are one ofthe most articulate ofour focus groupees. That's... Yeah... Not groupie, groupees with two Es. - Yes. - You're very kind, thanks. (Olly) All right, listen, just to push on... I was thinking that ifI am representative ofthe public at large - you're gonna listen to what I say... - You're every woman. - ''It's all in me.'' - (Olly chuckles) Something like that. - It's, er, it's a song, Hugh. - Yeah, I know. - So, Mary, the policy we were talking about... - Great policy. - Thank you. - Yeah, really good, well done. - We were wondering... - I was thinking about it afterwards. And ifthose extra classes, you know, the drama and the music and the art classes, ifthey have them after school it saves the potentially naughty children from missing out on the core curriculum. - That's important. - (Olly) That's a good angle. And also it would be, I think, a really welcome breathing space for some ofthe single parents, like me. (Hugh) Yes. (Olly) Excellent. I thought ofa name for it. I thought you could call it Play For Tomorrow. (Olly) Play For Tomorrow. Yeah, excellent. Thank you so much for coming in, and good luck with the single mother thing. - Thank you. - (Olly) I'll be right... Erm... I'll see you in a bit, Glenn. - And you're against it? - It'll die on its arse. ''My Grandma was mugged by some ferret-faced teenager with a neck tattoo. ''What are you gonna do about it?'' ''Teach him the bassoon.'' It is, as my dear old mother would have said, double wank and shit chips. But you think it's got legs, Hugh? - Several. - How did it play with the focus groups? - She loves it. - Sorry? (Olly) They absolutely love it. You've got 94% approve/strongly approve rating. That's enormous. - Why did you say ''she''? - I don't know. - You can call boats she. - 94%. It's all there, black and white. It's difficult to argue with that, Glenn, whatever your foul-mouthed mother might have said. Yes, I can feel a stiffy in the post. - My guts still say no. - Substantial as they are, they're outvoted. - I'll talk to Tom about green-lighting this. - So that's a go, Terri. Just, erm, put the smell out, see ifanybody...gags on it. Just...just float it. - OK, er... - Problem? Can we please try and... stop making policy on the hoof? We've been on the hoof and we have been too hoofy. - Have we? - Ifthere could just be some sitting down. - Yeah. - Just, you know, sitting down. - That's all I'm saying. - Yeah. We've got the chairs, we should use them. - I think so. That was it. - OK. Is that it? - That's the problem. No more. - Problem solved. Good point. - I'll go and float. - OK. - Face up? - Ifyou like, yep. (Malcolm) See you, Terri. Malcolm, I know you were keen on Terri's appointment but... - She's shit. - I wouldn't go that far. She's a box-ticker, Hugh. She can't think outside the box. She's built a box inside the actual box and she's doing her thinking inside that box. - Exactly. I like that. - Sorry, I'm so tired. - No, that's good. - I have so much stuffto read and think about. - You seem to get through it all right. - Yeah, I find the time, somewhere. Do you get lonely? - No. - No. Neither do I. - So did you watch the Zeitgeist tape? - Some ofit, yeah. So you know your EastEnders? Little Mo, Big Mo? - (Imitates EastEnders drums, gets it wrong) - What? - I haven't watched it, no. - What the fuck are you playing at? Are you playing at being a minister or are you a real-life fucking minister? I am a real-life minister. - I've never seen headlines like it. - In what way? - It's all gone to shite. - Oh, the papers didn't like the policy? They fucking loathe it. Are you getting all this, Hugh? Yes, you're very clear. - (Terri) Do they all hate it? The Times? - Especially the Times. (Hugh) But the first editions haven't gone to bed yet. - How do you know.? - Because I'm connected. I'm plugged into the matrix. I am the fucking matrix. - What...what... Sorry.? - Have you not watched that tape? I'm taking it home now to watch it there. We'vejust bought a new vdeo player off the back ofAlicia's obsession with Pingu. - OK, pay attention. - I've heard of Pingu. This arts policy is dead, OK? As ofnow. Get a press release together and bung it in the oven. Fuck off, the lot ofyou. And, Hugh, watch that tape. I was in the Blackwall Tunnel, can you repeat all that.? These focus groups, they're absolutely useless. Oh, it's useless to ask people what they think, is it? Before we formulate policy? Look, people either don't know what they think or they think you should bring back hanging for traffic wardens. Or they just think what every right-minded person would think. Oh, yeah, ''I'm GeoffAverage, and I think the same as everybody else ''cos I'm a normal bloke and everybody thinks like me ''cos I work in IT, and every weekend I pop a few pills and do a bit ofDJing, ''spare cash cos I'm a single mum, and I'm in the National Trust, ''I enjoy sports on TV, anything with Colin Firth. ''I enjoy domestic violence and sun-dried fucking...karaoke.'' Not everybody is the same, Glenn. People can surprise you. Was that good-natured joshing? - (Mobile rings) - (Sighs) - Tucker. - Malcolm, er...hope I didn't wake you up. (Spits) Hewitt. Yeah, I'm doing a piece this Sunday, a big piece on focus groups, it's sort ofinspired by your latest policy disaster. I'm gonna be concentrating on how your man Abbot can't do a single thing - without focus groups. - I'm shaking with fear. - Yeah, well, that's sexual jealousy. - You're so witty. Pity none ofit makes it into your columns. Listen, I'd love to spend the evening listening to you but I've got better things to do. Fuck offback to your match reports, you twat. - (Mobile rings) - Hello. - Hugh, it's Terri. - Yeah, hello. - Sorry, I've woken you up. - I wasn't asleep. I just got dropped offand I'm being picked up again in three hours so I kept my trousers on. Listen, I've just heard that Simon Hewitt's doing another piece on you about how you rely on focus groups. - Oh, cock. - (Yawning) Look, I'll be on it in the morning - so don't lose any sleep over it. - Are you taking the piss? - Erm, no. - Sorry, I've got to go. I've got an egg on. (Yawning) See you in the morning. - Bye-bye. - Night, Hugh. Bye. Bitch. How fucked am I? Well, you look awful. You quite often look bad, but... In terms ofnegative publicity. On the fuckometer, where am I? - Oh, 12. - (Olly) Yeah. - 12, say. - Out ofwhat? - Er...50. - Oh. Mine was out often. Right, so I'm...24% fucked according to you but according to you I'm 120% fucked. (Olly) Erm, yeah. I didn't... - Terri, have you got anything? - I can't ask them to drop the piece, - it would make us look pathetic. - I don't mean to come across all Mr Gradgrind but this is your job, sorting out the press. This is Malcolm's problem, anyway, it's him that spun that... All right, this is what we're gonna do. I'm bringing forward Hugh's interview with Heaney to this afternoon. - (Glenn) Morning, Malcolm. - It goes out tomorrow morning. That way we can get our side ofthe story across and piss all over Simon Hewitt's cornflakes, sadly only metaphorically. Yeah? Right, OK. Olly, call Heaney. Terri, get on to her editor. Glenn, book her room. Bodie, Doyle, you go round the back. At times ofstress, I make jokes! (Hugh) Right. Erm... What do I do? Sit down at the TV with me. You're gonna watch that Zeitgeist tape now. (# Theme from The Bill) (Woman) You don't seem to be able to understand... - Shit. - I know, but people watch it. - This gets six million. - Oh, shit. What? - She's an actress. - Who? Mary from the focus group, she's an actress. Oh, relax, that doesn't matter. Iffocus groups are short ofnumbers they bung in a couple ofactors. It doesn't matter because it's a focus group - key word, group. (Man) I need to think. I'll call you. Ooh, I've just remembered. Erm... - Can you just... - I'll pause it. Ifyou could pause it for a second, I'll be... I'll be back in a sec. - (Whispers) Glenn, got a bit ofa problem. - What? You remember Mary from the focus group? What, Miss Immaculate bloody Conception? - She's an actress. - What do you mean? I mean that she's... There's no clearer way ofsaying it - she's an actress. - Are you sure? - I've just seen her in The fucking Bill. Oh, Jesus. This doesn't necessarily have to be a total fucking disaster. It does. It means she's not really a stay-at-home Middle England housewife, she's just playing a part. - So, what she said wasn't, you know... - Yes, I do know. - What? Who said what? What? - We are organising focus groups to listen to the opinions ofordinary people, except they're not ordinary people, they're fucking actors, - so they're not technically people at all. - Can I get back to you? Your fucking legend is a fucking actress. Focus group companies do it all the time. Ifthey can't cobble together the right cross-section, they call a casting agency. Dial an opinion, is it? Send me three liberals, two mavericks - and a racist. Brilliant! - (Terri) Shh. (Whispering) We've based the whole thing on her. Just her! Her alone! Don't you see? Why didn't you run it past me? (Whispering) Shit. Shit. (Olly and Glenn whispering argumentatively) (Olly) It's not real. (Terri) I thought I recognised her. She was in Midsomer Murders. (Olly) Why didn't you say anything? (Terri) I thought she might've had a twin. (Olly) What a stupid thing to... (Whispered arguing continues, indistinct) (Shouting) Fuck! Fuck! (Banging and crashing) (Malcolm) You said ''she''. (Hugh) Yes. - Come out ofthe cupboard, Hugh. - No. Hugh, we have to sort this out. - When I asked you about the focus group... - Yeah. ..you said ''she'' loved it. We gave her a one-on-one. Why? She's Middle England. So, Middle England is a big fucking field with one woman standing in it? Do you think Hewitt will find out? Ofcourse he fucking will, she's his mole! That's why he's got a piece in the paper tomorrow. We've got to shut this down now, right? I want this leaked to Angela Heaney. It's damage control, OK? We put out the story the way we want it before Hewitt fucks us up the bugle. - Get onto it, now. - Yeah... It was Olly's, erm... - It's not my fault. - It was Olly's idea. - I went with it. - The agency lied to us, Hugh. - The agency lied to me. - I fought for going with it. - (Hugh) We should get her in. - Get on to Heaney's editor. - I'm on to it, Malcolm. - Talk to Angela, get her to do this. - Right, OK. - Can I speak to Angela Heaney? - (Terri) Can I leave a message? - Malcolm, may I just suggest... Shh! - I didn't know that she's an actress. - Exactly. We've been lied to, abused. - We are the victims ofabuse. - (Terri) Olly. - Shut up. - Can you call her? - You are a broken vase. - What the fuck are you talking about? How do I know she's an actress? I never watch television. That's why you gave me the stupid tape. (Sighs) We're gonna get her in, talk to her, she'll meet us, we'll... I will talk to her because I'm good with people. She can help us, she'll see our point ofview, we'll be fine. I hope so, I hope that's what happens. - Or we kill her. - It will... (Malcolm) Make him look presentable. (Olly) I've got a big story. - Comb his hair, change his tie and his shirt. - No, it's fine, don't worry about it. (Malcolm) You're looking evening television, I want you to look afternoon. (Malcolm) What do you want me to wear, a fucking Hawaiian shirt? - (Terri) Shall we see ifyou've got one? - No, she can't have a car. Just don't fucking mother me, OK? I...it's...I'm not so much mothering, it's just...wanting to help. Are we getting her...Mary... Can we get her in tonight? - Won't that look a bit odd? - Does anyone have her number? - I've got a number for the agency. - Get on to the agency. (Glenn) It's all right. (Terri) It's not, actually. Mary, you know Hugh. You've met Glenn before. This is Malcolm Tucker, he's our director ofcommunications. - (Hugh) Take a seat, Mary. - Thanks. We are so grateful for you coming in at this ungodly hour. - Is there...a problem? - Yeah, there is - you flapping your trap! The issues is...the issue of your being an actress. Right. - I actually prefer actor. - I'm sorry. Sexist, sorry. - Slightly, yeah. - Essentially, you know, what you told us, that was fundamentally...honest, it was the truth, - it was honestly...genuinely what you thought. - Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah. I haven't got two children, but apart from that it was essentially... - Most... Yes, ofcourse... - (Hugh) You invented the kids? - I... Yeah, I was... - You made up small children? - I know small children. - That's sick. - Jesus Christ. - I was just being representative. - You invented children. - (Coughs) - Small children that don't exist. - I was giving you what you wanted. So, eventually you lose track, the lies compound themselves and you end up all over the place like a crazy woman's shit. And that's the problem that we're now trying to deal with. We've given this story to a tame journalist, one who's more likely to be sympathetic... Do you just want to think about what is going to happen tomorrow? You are gonna find the press all over you... - In a good way? - No, not at all. - You know that film Notting Hill? - She's probably fucking in it. You know that bit where he opens the door and there's millions ofjournalists and photographers and all flashbulbs are going off? In about four hours, that's gonna be you. They're gonna be all over you like fucking cockroaches. - It's OK. - No, no, no, no, no, it's not OK. It's not gonna be OK, and I'll tell you why. Because you're fair game. So I hope your knickers are clean. Because every seat-sniffing little shitbag that's ever filed a by-line is gonna be questioning you. Cos now it's in the fucking public interest, isn't it? And they're gonna hit you with any shit they can find and you're gonna be spread out there in front ofthem like a trollop in the stocks! - (Olly) We-we've done... - I still don't understand what's going on. - We can hold those dogs back. - (Mary) What do you mean? - We can get you a nice journalist. - Yes, exactly. We can get you to a nice, young journalist, Angela Heaney, and maybe you... I don't know what he made you sign, but whatever it was, it was bullshit. Maybe ifyou just say that you were misquoted and also that Simon Hewitt's a prick. - Ifyou just said that... - Who? - The journalist that you told your story to. - I...I didn't...I didn't talk to any journalist. - No, no, no. - You spoke to Simon Hewitt. - No, I... - You fucking spoke to Simon Hewitt, he's a fat guy with a tiny dick the size ofa bookie's biro. - You fucking spoke to him. - I'd like to go now. (All shouting) - (Glenn) Shh-shh! - You didn't speak to him. - She didn't fucking speak to him. - I don't know anyone called...Simon... - whatever the fuck. - Hewitt. - Hewitt, yeah. - (Malcolm yells) - She doesn't even know. - (Malcolm yells) (Glenn) Fuck's sake. (Mary) What's the matter with him? (Glenn) Olly. (Hugh) Sorry ifI upset you. Sorry, darling, sorry. Crossed lines, darling. Sorry about that. - (Mary) Will you leave me alone? - Ifyou need a car, I'll get whatever you need. For fuck's sake! - She didn't even know. - (Malcolm) Fuck him! That didn't really work, did it? - (Glenn) Is it too late... - Can I get this straight for my own sanity? Ifwe get on the phone, can we pull the front page? - No. It's too late. - Heaney's piece is gonna go ahead anyway? Ofcourse it fucking is. I'm good but I can't fucking hold back the tide, can I? All right, that's it. I'm going to bed. - Kind ofironic, really... - You're fucking on your own! ..because she hasn't actually spoken to Hewitt, er...and we've... ofour own volition, voluntarily... released the story to the press... unnecessarily. Erm... Damn. - (Mary) Who was that evil Scottish guy? - He's the director ofcommunications. He was ordering me what to say to the papers. - No, no, no, he wasn't ordering you. - That's quite a big story, dragging me out ofbed and telling me... I think some papers might be interested in that. No, look... The department has a lot ofinitiatives coming up... - Right. Right. Has it really? - Yeah. And we're going to need the face ofurban renewal for the...thing, a whole campaign, there's gonna be stationery, pens... Face probably won't fit on... - We've got all that coming up. - You are trying to bribe me... with a stationery photo shoot? Er, no, erm... None ofthis is happening. No, not bribe, no. (Olly) That was just small talk. You understand that, right? I was just chatting. Small chat. Can you wake me in a couple ofhours? There's no time to go home, I'll pass myselfcoming back in. (Hugh sighs) I'll ring Catherine and say you won't be home. Hi. How did you get on? Happiness? Go away, Terri. I'll clear up a few biscuits whilst I'm at it. (Glenn) Kate, just leaving a message for you - I know you're asleep by now - from Hugh. Love to the kids, see Alicia in the morning and, erm...big kiss and sorry about the bedtime story. www.tvsubtitles.net 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 