Infinity Train: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Infinity Train 
 s1e6 - The Unfinished Car - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Infinity Train (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - The Unfinished Car - full transcript 
 The gang enters an unfinished train car and tries to fix it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 3boodR Ahh. I think it's safe to say  we took care of that spa car. Sorry we had to bail  on that salt scrub, but if we want to get anywhere,  we got to keep moving. Sad-One: I'll never get my youthful glow back. Atticus, you holding up? I think your people may have  a different definition of relaxation. They didn't even give us kerchiefs when we were finished. ¶¶ [ Sighs ] We're not gonna  stress ourselves out. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We're gonna stay positive, and we are gonna take this  one car at a time. Glad-One: ¶ When you scrub up,  you lift your heart up ¶ ¶ You gotta be clean,  clean, clean ¶ ¶¶ ¶ But when the...clean  is...clean.. ¶ [ Click ] First things first,  let's check for danger. No spikes, mummies...  emotional manipulation. Whoa! Whoa-ho-ho!  Neat! [ Chuckles ]  Gravity car? My goodness. I've always suspected stairs  can't be trusted. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ¶¶ [ Beeping ] One-One, you okay? Oh! Uh...it's broken! Sad-One: I broke it. W-What do you --  [ Horn trumpets ] I think the inhabitants found us. But did they send ambassadors  or warriors? ¶¶ Royalty! Gravity...turtle car? Announcing  his supreme excellency! Please, extend your necks  in adoration! ¶¶ Hmm. I am Aloysius III, Emperor and Unifier of the Hard-  and Soft-Shelled. Tacos?  Turtles. Tsk! Come now,  Tulip. Ugh! So, who will be  announcing whom? Oh, uh, I'm Tulip. I feel like I've done  this before. Anyway, we're just looking  for the exit. Let's not be hasty. I don't often get to see  other royalty. I am Atticus, King and Uniter of the Cardigans  and the Pembrokes. You'll pardon my lack  of fanfare, but I am on a crusade  for justice that requires a bit of discretion. Naturally. We can show you  to the other door, but, pray tell, who is  your little friend dismantling  our turtle-totter? One-One,  what are you doing? Glad-One:  It was going "tch tch," but it should be going  "woop woop." Shouldn't take too long. Oh, I'm sure they have someone  who can fix it, some kind of  licensed technician... turtle -- turt-nition?  Tur... Anyway, come on.  We got to go. Sad-One: [ Groans ] ¶¶ We Corginians pride ourselves  on our masonry. I like to think that our stones are sturdy and handsome, like the corgis  that crafted them. ¶¶ Gravity...turtle...  college car? Structures can be  impressive, but a culture is measured  by its cuisine. Our all-natural jam pond  is both delicious and great  for traveling quickly. Intriguing. [ Groaning ] One-One, stop being  a fussy baby. Glad-One: Look at that house!  There is no wall at all! So? These houses are supposed  to have walls! Anyone could  just walk in! Sad-One: Oh, my gosh. I can see their saucepans! We've ridden  a French-toast ferryboat across a maple-syrup river. This is relatively normal. Glad-One: But those weren't broken. Why do you -- I believe this is the door  you're looking for? Cool. Well, uh,  Your Highness, thank you so much  for taking us here. We wish you  the best and -- Hey! One-One! Come back!  We got to go! Actually, Aloysius and I  were in the middle of some fascinating  discussions. How do you keep your crown  balanced on your head? Bobby pins, mostly.  Hmm! Knowing we have  a potential ally here, perhaps we could  take our time? We already spent a lot of time  in that spa car. We need to get --  Hmm? Hey, no.  Don't do that. Why? I just want to know  what you're thinking. No!  Stop it! Hmm? Hmm? Ugh! Fine! We know  where the door is, so I guess it wouldn't hurt to stay for a little while. Fantastic!  [ Clears throat ] Now, my friend,  the charter of walkies dictates that no citizen --  Meet back here  in one hour! Hey, buddy. I'm kind of worried  about you. Glad-One: This brick isn't  supposed to be here at all. How do you know it's not supposed to be here? Sad-One:  It just isn't. Hmm...well,  I suppose someone could trip over  these loose bricks. Glad-One:  Exactly! And someone could trip  over that loose house! If we each take a side, we can do this in no time! Maybe we shouldn't all split up.  [ Imitates rimshot ] I was thinking  about buying shoes. Hmm. We all want the tennis ball thrown, but we never want to drop it.  Drop it! I do enjoy the occasional leaf  of romaine lettuce myself -- just don't tell  the missus. [ Chuckles ] This hole in the ground provides an interesting look. Our mail delivery service  is built around them. [ Wind gusts ] ¶¶ It's fast, and everybody  gets something. No disappointed faces for empty mailboxes in this kingdom. ¶¶ Okay. Okay. Stop pushing.  I'm going. I'm going. So, what about  your missing walls? You mean  the open quarter? Do your houses have walls  on all sides? How do your people get fresh air, or dry their clothes? Hmm. You put a lot of thought  into your designs. This is  just how it is. [ Humming ]  Huh? Hmm. [ Breathing heavily ] [ Grumbles ]  Bleh! [ Sighs ]  Phew! Ha. Take that,  Miss Carlson! Now who needs improvement  in cleaning up after herself and cursive and brevity? Huh? [ Whirring ]  Huh? Aah! Do not remove the orbs.  Got it. I'll write that down  with less jammy hands. Hmm. ¶¶ [ Grumbles ] We should probably  get going anyway. Atticus?!  One-One?! ¶¶ I guess neither of them know  how long an hour is. [ All conversing indistinctly ] What's going on? Someone has moved the jam.  It's dried up! Well, yeah, I was trying to  help you clean it up. Whoa!  [ Screech ] How are we supposed to slide  to the other side? Everything is going to be  slowed down if we have to walk! Oh, you...use this?  I-I didn't even think -- Hey, Chief,  I'm gonna be late. No. No. No.  jam pond has been dried up. No, I don't know  why it happened. I know how it happened, but  I don't know why it happened. I'm really sorry. ¶¶ [ Grunting ] [ Humming ] [ Grunting ] ¶¶ Oh, no.  Where's One-One? [ Gasps ] ¶¶ Atticus?! Atticus, what's going on? Have you seen One-One? Seen him?  We're trying to stop him, but we can't reach! ¶¶ If he moves all those stairs,  the gravity will go with them, and our kingdom  will be torn apart! One-One. ¶¶ Uhh... [ Grunts ] Aah! Whoa! ¶¶ Whoa! ¶¶ One-One,  you have to stop! ¶¶ What are you doing?! Glad-One: I'm helping,  Miss Tulip. I'm putting it... Sad-One:  ...where it's supposed to be. Glad-One:  If they knew it was broken... Sad-One:  ...they would have fixed it. Together: They don't need  to worry anymore. I'm here to get things  back in order. One-One, you're really scaring me. ¶¶ Yeah. Yeah.  Now I'm floating away! ¶¶ Why are you  doing this?! I have to help  put things in order. It wouldn't be like this  if I had just been better. Look around you. [ Grunts ] This isn't helping. How can I not try and fix it?  It's my fault. Is that what you think? That it's your fault? I know it.  No, One-One. It's not your fault the car is this way. There isn't a fault,  it just is. But all this, you trying to make it your responsibility... this is causing  real harm. Don't you see? ¶¶ I know what it's like to think that if you had  just been better, things would've been different, that you're responsible for fixing things that are beyond your control. Just know that I speak from experience when I say this is not your fault. And I still want to help you, One-One, if you'll let me. ¶¶ [ Whirring ] Whoa! ¶¶ [ Chuckles ]  Hey! Your Highness, we both  feel terrible, don't we? Sad-One: Sorry. He's kind of going through  a lot right now. Well, the whole sky's gone.  Yeah, it's missing. But there's  a different sky behind it. Oh, the whole portfolio's  going to be delayed. [ Chuckles nervously ] Well, this is  quite the mess. If I may, the Corginian  Response Team specializes  in disaster relief. Well, they mostly work  with doorbell aftermath, but I still think  they could be of help. I may take you up on that offer, my friend. ¶¶ [ Beeps ] [ Beep ]  Glad-One: Hello! I'm One... Sad-One: ...One. I know.  I'm Tulip. Do we ever truly know  who we are? Glad-One: [ Chuckles ] But with my best friends by my side, we push onward -- to our homes and mothers! 3boodR 3boodR 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 