Infinity Train: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Infinity Train 
 s1e4 - The Crystal Car - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Infinity Train (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - The Crystal Car - full transcript 
 Tulip, Atticus and One-One enter a crystal forest car and have to take part in a musical ritual. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 3boodR [ Dog barks in distance ] ¶¶ The door unlocked  a few minutes ago. [ Gasps ] Mwah! We'll miss you, Nancy! We know your restaurant will be a big success. You've come a long way in your pasta-making. ¶¶ [ Whirring ] Oh. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ¶¶ Okay, so let's break down the Straight-Up Italy car. I thought we agreed to call it  the Mediterranean Republic Car. There were at least two things that happened in there that correspond to what we did in Corginia. We helped someone -- Nancy. And we fought someone, the mean grandmother stealing coins  from the fountain. But there was no change  to my number! See, if you look at the logic tree that I've drawn... Ooh, I like that you use circles  on your "I's" instead of dots. Hmm. [ Lock clicks ] Whoa. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ¶¶ Wow! Anyway, my number... May I suggest you give yourself more moments of repose in solving the mystery  of your number. Perhaps if you sleep on it, the answer will come to you. I can crack this! I just have to go about it  using the Scientific Method. Interesting bit of  Tulip-trivia, I competed in  North-Middle Branch Area Middle School's  Scientific Odyssey Trials. My team even took home  the award for Best Hypothetically-Proven  Hypothesis. At the very least, give One-One a break from it. Your logic trees have him  more skittish than a squirrel at a Corgi sock hop. Ah! I deserved that. All right. I'll put the notebook away --  for now! Until later, my love. ¶¶ [ Chittering, barking ] [ Birds calling ] Ew! Oh, cool! Anyone see a door? Maybe it's like one of those  where we have to push a knot, like a secret passageway? Because my admittedly petite, but noble legs keep me close to the ground, I have often found that  if there is not an answer in front of you, one may come from above. Right again! If anyone's keeping track, I think I'm winning at being right about things. I've been keeping track  and you are! Maybe we should try  building a ladder. [ Growls, barks ] ¶¶ Oh! Hi! Do you know how we can  get to the door up there? [ Grunts ] Ah, great! ¶¶ Would you mind telling us how? [ Clinking ] [ Gasps ] It can't speak,  just like Atticus. -Huh?  -Ugh, man. This is gonna take awhile. ¶¶ And then the steps that lead  to the door were stolen by a...giant spider... made of metal? -Huh?  -Oh! Like my spindly friend  in Corginia. One-One, that thing  wasn't your friend. Goodness!  Was it my mum? It was trying to hurt us. The question stands. [ Stomping ] [ Clinking ] A new stairway can emerge but only if we put our paws  on this crystal. And... Eat some air!  Eating air makes me burpy. I don't think you can breathe. You never take my psychosomatic  conditions seriously. Oh! Do we have to sing? Hmm. Big heart? Very emotional perhaps  or important? My people have a song  about a folk-hero of ours -- "The Ballad of Mustard  and Stink Tail!" It's got drama, pathos,  and a bit of bawdy humor. [ Howling ] Mnh-mnh. The crystal doesn't recognize  howling? But it's the ancient language  of my people! Ooh, ooh, me, now!  Me, now! Ahem.  Do-do-do-doot. [ Dial-up modem sound ] Connection failed. Don't worry, guys! I know a super emotional  song to try. ¶ High, low ¶ ¶ Wherever we go ¶ ¶ I just know that our souls  twine as one ¶ [ Humming ] Mmm. But that song  is super emotional! It's from this movie  about a couple who fall in love on a zeppelin, and the guy dies  when the zeppelin blows up! Mmm. Okay.  My world has a billion songs. I'll find one that works. Get ready, car, because I'm about to blow your heart's mind! [ High-pitched voice ]  ¶ I cleave thee ¶ ¶ To mine heart ¶ ¶ Girl,  you know it's so true ¶ ¶ That I'm in love with you ¶ ¶ And even my pickup misses  your face ¶ Ugh! ¶ I hope you choke ¶ ¶ On her perfect  cookie-cutter world ¶ ¶¶ ¶ I can see  our future children ¶ ¶ When I look into your eyes ¶ Ugh! I like the ones about  unrequited love the most. It's like, real, you know? Perhaps if we sleep on it, the right song will come to you. You know, you suggest we "sleep on things" a lot. -I am a dog.  -Oh, right. Well, maybe if we just build a ladder. I'm sorry, but your weird song thing isn't working. Now, are you guys gonna help me build a ladder, or what? Ugh! No thumbs! [ Sighs ] Lot of help everyone  is in this car. Since I couldn't sing it, this provides the perfect  opportunity to tell you the "Ballad of Mustard  and Stink Tail." Ahem. Once, a mighty Corgi emerged  from the Blue River. He towered at a gargantuan  2 1/2 feet tall. [ Grunting ] The shrewd Stink Tail  stole all the bully sticks, and when the pups awoke for  the Spring Festival of Plenty, not even a kibble  lay by the hearth. At a stalemate, Mustard  and Stink Tail began trading, shall I say,  some rather salty jibes. And from that day on,  when one saw Mustard the Shiny, they also saw Stink Tail --  best friends to the end. To the end of what? Well, their lives. -Nice.  -Guys, I'm done. Man, that story is really,  really long. Mustard's story cannot  be abridged. Grump all you want,  but this is gonna work. ¶¶ [ Grunts ] Yes!  No more emotional songs.  [ Grunts ] Sorry, buddy, sometimes you've  just got to go logical. Oh, no. No, no, no, no!  It's locked! [ Grunts ] No! That makes no sense! I tried out every possible  emotional theme to find one that would work. Break-ups, celebrities singing  to draw attention to important social issues, even songs about  going after your dreams. Like my dream of getting  to Game Design Camp, which is probably over,  like, forever ago. I don't even know how time works on this dumb train! Hmm. ¶¶ My heart, me singing. Not your heart,  not you singing. I thought I was supposed  to find a song that made the crystal  feel something. It has to be a song that's emotional for me? I've already liked a bunch of the songs I've tried. How would I know which song I really connect to most? Hmm. I thought of "The Ballad of  Mustard and Stink Tail" immediately. So it could just be the first song I think of? That's too arbitrary! Seems worth a try. ¶¶ Okay. But if this were the Scientific Odyssey Trials, this would not win an award -- not even for "Best Last Ditch Effort." And, yes, that is a real thing. And, yes, I petitioned to remove the category. And, no, they didn't. Fine! I'm singing! [ Sighs ] ¶ La-la-la-la ¶ What do I care about? Uh? Programming is cool and... I like my friends, and, um... onions, and... the first three bites  of pancakes, and... Oh, I like getting new textbooks at the beginning of the year before I'm sick of school again, and road trips, and... Huh. Road trips. Heh. Huh? What?! Oh! That's embarrassing, let me pick a different one. [ "Word Up" by Cameo playing ] That doesn't make sense! Doesn't seem to matter  if it makes sense. I can't believe  this is happening. It's the music of your heart. But it isn't emotional at all. It's just some song my family used to sing on road trips. It's about dancing  or something. -Gross.  -Don't listen to him. Just sing. [ Groans ] ¶ Yo, pretty ladies,  around the world ¶ ¶ Got a weird thing  to show you ¶ ¶ So tell all the boys  and girls ¶ ¶ Tell your brother,  your sister ¶ ¶ And your mama, too ¶ Your heart is fun, Miss Tulip! ¶ 'Cause they're about  to throw down ¶ ¶ And you'll know  just what to do ¶ ¶ Wave your hands in the air like you don't care ¶ ¶ Glide by the people as they stop to look and stare ¶ ¶ Do your dance,  do your dance ¶ ¶ Do your dance, quick, Mama ¶ ¶ Come on, baby, tell me  what's the word ¶ ¶ A-word up! ¶ [ Thud ]  -Huh? [ Stomping ] Uh... [ Clinks ] Ah, oh. [ Door unlocks ]  -Whoa! Huh. 3boodR 3boodR 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 