Crash: Season 2, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Crash 
 s2e8 - Lovers in Captivity - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Crash (2008–…): Season 2, Episode 8 - Lovers in Captivity - full transcript 
 Bo's luck seems to turn when he finds love. Kenny tries to concentrate in finding out the leak in Seth's inner circle instead of letting Tess occupy his whole mind. Maggie is in need of rehab. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Owen: The service was beautiful. Would have been nice if her father'd been there. Suzy: What idiot came all the way out here in a limo? This idiot. Well, look who it is. Goes out for a pack of cigarettes, And 30 years later he's back. Owen: When you showed up on my doorstep, It all clicked into place. You want me to kill you? It's supposed to be you. It's why you came back. That's fucking ridiculous. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I came back to find cassie's killer, not to do this. It's gonna be the most environmentally-progressive city on the planet. You should call it byzantium. That's not bad. "byzantium." You actually claim that god came to you In a vision and told you to build this city. The person who did this is a fucking snake. All right? And he did it for money or to bring you down, But either way, they set you up. We can't have this. Smoke the fucker out. Why didn't you tell me? Tell you what? Oh, I don't know, that your boss is off his rocker. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Seth is not crazy. I don't want to do anything stupid this time, kenny. Tess: I like you, so let's just take it slow. The last couple of weeks haven't been all that easy for me. I mean, the store is vandalized, you're beaten within an inch of your life. Have you ever stopped to think about how that makes me feel? I don't have to think about it, Because you keep reminding me every second. Mom, answer me-- all this chocolate, did you shoot for it? I don't even know how much insulin to give you. Bo: Lily seems like a nice girl. Wendy: Trust me, women like that always have agendas. I'm kind of flattered you came all the way down here. I have some time. Wanna grab a cup of coffee? Yeah, I'd like that. Sync by honeybunny www.addic7ed.com Ah, you're a prince. I'm a mess. What are you talking about? You look beautiful. I look like I haven't slept in a week. Tonight after work I'm going straight home to bed. Okay. You say that, then I get a call at 2:00 in the morning. It's not my fault you don't have any willpower. You think you're that good, huh? My record speaks for itself, nolanski. ( laughs ) - You know, I've been thinking. - Yeah? Yeah, maybe we can simplify this a lile. I mean, you could take seth up on his offer-- Come work for us at the loft. You get to see my smiling face every day. Yeah, sure, I will take another job So it'll be easier for me to have sex with my boyfriend. You're funny. Come on, I'm serious. You know seth wants you to be a part of the team. Huh? Director of social services for byzantium. It's a classy title. Listen, if you want to help the homeless, There's no better way of doing it. Plus the bread ain't bad either. You might want to consider this, tess. - Kenny, I can't. - Is this about the god thing? Look, I know it's been a rough month since the story broke, But seth has this uncanny way of turning things around. You'll see. I've worked at the soup kitchen for seven years. I started out as a volunteer and now I run the place. I get it-- you've put in your time. I mean, the work I do feeding hungry people-- I see the impact it has on their lives. Is it enough? Do I wish I could do more? Of course I do. But it's real. It's necessary. I can't trade that in for some dream of blanchard's. - You get that, rit? - Yeah, sure I do. But it's not a dream, tess. We've been over this. It's gonna happen. If it does and the offer is still available, I will reconsider. - You will? - I will. Until then, I guess neither of us is going to be Getting much sleep. Is that a fact? - I mean, I'm just guessing. - Mmm. Oh. No, that's okay. I'll keep holding. Mm-hmm. As long as it takes. Senator boxer. She's been ducking my calls for weeks. Apparently senators are even more afraid of dealing With crazy men than the local politicians. So where are you off to? I forgot that I have this meeting with my publisher this morning. Want me to have somebody drive you? No no, I can drive myself. Yes, I'm still here. You promised that you would call when it was over. Sorry. ( laughs ) I guess that means it went pretty well. It was great. The auditorium was packed. And I just can't believe that all those people Came to hear me speak about my life with owen. What did I tell you? And it wasn't just students and faculty. I mean, it was writers and artists, Environmentalists. It was amazing. Well, I wish I could have been there. Oh, you would have made me too nervous. Well, maybe you'll let me come to the next one. I don't think I'm ready to hop on the lecture circuit just yet. But I want to thank you Because I would have never accepted ucla's invite on my own. - I don't know about that. - Yeah, it's true. Especially 'cause you pestered me for two weeks straight. I prefer to think of it as encouragement. Whatever you call it, I appreciate it, ben. That's why I'm gonna make you a very special dinner tonight. ( door bells jangle ) I'll be with you in just a moment. Hi, mrs. Olinville. How are you? Oh, lily. How are you doing? I'm good. I'm a little tired. I worked the late shift. That's gotta be tough. I mean, working such backwards hours And having a normal life. Yeah, you get used to it. Is bo around? He's out back breaking up some boxes. He didn't tell me you were coming. We're supposed to meet here at 1:00. I'm a little early. Oh. How nice for me. We get some alone time together. Mm, well... I must say, you're a step up from the girls that bo usually goes for. Oh, there was this one girl-- She worked at a video store. Mousy little thing. Not that he ever got the nerve to ask her out. Well, he got up the nerve with me. Ahh. So tell me, where are you guys going this afternoon? Lunch, maybe the park. I don't know, no real plans. We sort of play it by ear. Ah, I haven't been to a park in years. So what is it you do at the park? And please, if I'm asking too many questions, Just tell me. I don't want to be that kind of mom. Of course not, no. You're-- We just-- we sort of just walk and talk. Really? You talk? Yeah, you know, about all sorts of stuff-- Life and the future and... What about the future? Nothing specific, really. I mean, we talk about everything-- Work and sports and... His high-school baseball career. And does he talk about the store? What does he say about the store? Nothing, really, just about the economy-- Business is a little slow. Oh, he said that. That boy is such a nervous nelly. This store is doing fine. Don't let his complaining fool you. He loves it here. I mean, this is the place for him. I'm holding him back a little bit, But believe you me, When bo takes over hobbywood, This place is gonna shine like a new penny. - Hey. - Hey. Bo, lily tells me you're going to the park to talk. Yeah, we're gonna have lunch first. So we should go. - Don't run off. - I'll see you later, mom. I won't be late. Goodbye, mrs. Olinville. I'll see you soon. Okay. Have a good time. I'll just be here watching the store. Dr. Chilsen: The good news is the baby's fine. Heartbeat's normal, no structural abnormalities. However, that could all change If you don't stop drinking. I didn't realize that a couple glasses of wine could be that dangerous. Maggie, I've looked at your blood work. We both know it's more than a couple of glasses. Now I can't say definitively that alcohol Had anything to do with what happened this morning. Bleeding during the first trimester is common. But I can't rule it out as a cause either. Fine, I'll cut down. Maggie, you're an intelligent woman. If you keep drinking, you will hurt your baby. You have a window of opportunity here to prevent that, But it's closing fast. Don't cut back on your drinking; cut it out completely. I'm serious. That's not why I'm pissed, neil. I'm being ignored. I know I'm being ignored and I don't like being fucking ignored. You're my lawyer. I pay you to find shortcuts and loopholes. Find 'em! Son of a bitch. My guess is your lawyer knows your pissed. Politicians and lobbyists are throwing up legal roadblocks To byzantium, and this son of a bitch Is telling me there's nothing we can do about it. You've got the moneto build it. Can't you just build it? It's not that simple. The la board of supervisors Has to approve the permits before we can begin construction. That's right. And my proposal doesn't come up for a vote For three months, which means we don't have much time To convince them I'm not some madman who thinks He's got a direct line to the lord almighty. The press coverage we're getting isn't exactly helping. And this whole insanity thing they're pushing? That's not a reason, it's a fucking excuse. That planned community they're building out of tejon ranch, centennial? 22,000 homes, 64,000 residents. And I don't hear the media asking the developers of that city About their mental state or religious beliefs. You're preaching to the choir, boss. You making any headway on who leaked that goddamned photo to the press? - Yeah, I'm all over it. - That story broke a month ago. It's really taking you this long to find the person? Yeah, it really is. Well, find the bastard, kenny. We need a fucking win here. - Seth? - Hmm? You should take a deep breath. Just be still for a minute. I know it's not the way you're built, But maybe lay off the tv appearances for a while. Two trips to "larry king," "charlie rose"-- Nothing's changed. I'm not just gonna do nothing, andrea. I'm not saying do nothing. I've spoken to levon And every other member of the bwe board On numerous occasions these last few weeks. They would love to have you back, Even if it's just consulting. A couple of days a week. Are we really discussing this? Yeah, we are. You said it yourself two minutes ago-- The public sees you as a crazy man With more money than the god who spoke to him. Seth, all I'm saying Is maybe it would be good to give everyone A glimpse of the old you. I can't do that, andrea. That guy doesn't exist anymore. You miss him, don't you? ( sighs ) That greedy, take-no-prisoners, Win-at-all-costs corporate titan? Sometimes. He was fun to watch. Yeah. But the new seth blanchard is growing on me. I hope so. 'cause without you, andrea, I don't think I could get through this. You don't have to worry about that, seth. I've got your back. ( clicking ) Um, remember I said earlier That this was gonna be a very special dinner? Do you know, suzy, that every night that I've had dinner with you This last month has been very special to me. - That's sweet, ben. - It's true. But I'm afraid this is your last one. This is a farewell ben cendars dinner. You're a free man. What are you talking about? You've been such a great help to me Over the last weeks, and I couldn't have gotten through it-- Dealing with owen's loss-- without you. But I really think it's time That I let you go. You're making this sound like I'm some kind of prisoner here. I'm here because I want to be here, suzy. I know. And I appreciate it. But you have a life And now it's time for you to get back to it. Anyway, I... Have a little surprise for you. It's-- it's-- It's a parting gift. These are owen's notebooks. You remember them? Are you kidding? I mean, back in the day, Owen never went anywhere without one. The first stories he ever wrote are in here. I-- suzy, I can't accept these. I mean... You know, they need to be in a museum somewhere, Not with the likes of me. No, they should be with someone who knew him. Owen loved you, ben. And... So do I. Say that again. What did you say? It's okay, bo. Let's do what we always do. I am a terrible person. ( laughs ) what are you talking about? My husband hasn't been dead a month And I'm already sleeping with another man. I would like to think I'm more than just another man. I'm serious, ben. You're not the only one who feels a little guilty here. Okay? You know, owen predicted that this would happen. He predicted us. In his letter, he had the fucking nerve To tell me not to feel bad about it. He was such a clever bastard. Too clever. No, that's why we loved him so much. I mean... Do you want me to go? - Is that what you want? - No. No, it isn't. I know that I promised cassie That I would find her killer, But I have no leads. I... I have nothing to go back to. I've spoken to anthony a few times on the telephone And he-- he doesn't sound so thrilled To go back and jump on the trail, so... So what are you saying? I'm saying that you are the best thing That ever happened to me in my life. And I never ever want to let you go ever again. Oh. Now which one of us is gonna tell jules? Oh, I'll flip you for it. Hey, joey, who you got down there? A guy named jonas dixon. He's here to see seth. He's got a big group with him. Yeah, I can see that. Seth, you know a guy called jonas dixon? I know who he is, yeah. - Send him up. - All right. All right, joe, let him up. Hey, seth, this guy's got some entourage with him. I mean, who the hell is this guy? One of the most powerful evangelicals in the country-- Arguably the most powerful in the country. Do you remember when senator clement got pushed out of office? - Vaguely, yeah. - Jonas did the pushing. He and the senator did not see eye to eye. Wait a second. I know this guy. I saw him on "dateline." Yeah, they were calling him "america's pastor." that's the same guy? The next billy graham. I knew something like this was coming soon. It's an honor to meet you, mr. Blanchard. Mr. Dixon, I am flattered that you're here. I am. And much of what you've said to me has made perfect sense. However, I need to keep this project on its current path, Keep it about the people I'm trying to help And make sure it never becomes about me. Oh, but that's where you're wrong, mr. Blanchard. It's always about you. It has to be about you. You've been putting yourself out there These past few weeks over and over again on tv Saying how "it's not about me. It's not about god." What are you asking people to believe in? You. Your vision. To invest in you, their leader. Let your passion bloom, mr. Blanchard. It's the most contagious thing in the world. Why do you think people flock to my church? My word of god is no different than the thousands of others who preach it. It's how I preach the word. I hear your advice, jonas, I do. But maybe it's time for you to tell me exactly why you're really here. I'm here because I know how fragile public perception is, And how far less fragile that is If you have the right voice behind you. You have god in your life, mr. Blanchard. Stop dancing around it. Embrace it. Revel in it. You don't have to fear their reaction anymore Because of what I am offering you. And what's that? Nearly 30,000 people a week attend our services. Another seven million more watch it at home on tv. That's in the United States alone. I can help people see How natural and right all of this really is. God speaks to all of his followers, all of his believers. But you were fortunate enough to hear him clearly. I can make people see that you're not crazy, That in fact, you're just like everybody else. I'm offering you my voice. I'm offering you a way to fight back, A way to win. You know, bo, You could at least have the courtesy of telling me How your date with lily went. I feel silly asking. You make me feel like I'm prying. The date was good. That's it? That's all you have to say? What else do you want me to say? We had a nice time. Well, that lily says you're a real chatterbox with her. I bet she didn't use that word. Don't get smart with me. She said you would just yap away. And I can't get a word out of you about anything. Mom, what do you want me to say? We haven't been going out that long. Long enough to tell her the store was closing. - I never said that. - You implied it. - She said so herself. - Well, it's true, isn't it? - We are in trouble. - We are not. And even if we were, It's none of her business. - Andrea? - Hey, maggie, what's up? I need to talk to you. Something wrong? Okay, I'm just gonna-- I'm just gonna say it. I'm considering going to rehab. You don't seem all that surprised. I knew about the drinking in the past. I just-- I thought with the baby-- If word gets out, it's gonna hurt seth's public image even more And that's-- honestly, that is the last thing that I want. There's this place, malibu creek-- It's very exclusive, very private. The press would go for seth's jugular. Maybe I should just wait. Maybe I can just deal with this on my own. Maggie, hold on. You need to do what's best for you... And the baby. And that means getting healthy. And malibu creek is the place to do that. They'll keep it private. I'll make sure of it. You're doing the right thing. Hey. I was moving my stuff into your bedroom. In the drawer I found this photograph of cassie. Oh, I took this the last time she was here. Who's the girl with her? Oh, what's her name? Roxanne? It's that asshole thigpen's daughter. Cassie was... Friends with wesley thigpen's daughter? Well, I don't know how close they were. It's just that she came up here the last time with cassie. You don't find that strange? That cassie's having an affair with a married man And befriends his daughter? No, I didn't know she was having an affair until jules told me. But cassie mentioned something about Helping the girl because she had a bad drug problem. In the police report about her murder, There's never any mention of roxanne thigpen. Ben, I don't think roxanne thigpen had anything to do With cassie's murder. Well, I'm not saying that she did. Why did cassie bring her out in the first place anyway? Why did anyone come up here? To meet owen. Get a book signed? Come on. Maybe. Although I did hear her asking questions - About the tate murders. - What? Remember, owen was supposed to be there that night. What the hell is she asking questions about the tate murder for? I don't know. It's so long ago, but people are still fascinated With the whole charles manson thing. I don't know, especially now because it's the 40th anniversary Of the murders this year. I just find it so odd That in all my research on thigpen, I never discovered that cassie had a relationship With his daughter. And no one else did either. Darling, Listen. People miss things. It doesn't make them that important And it doesn't matter that they lead to something. Do me a favor. Go to the shed, get a pair of gloves And help me pull some weeds. Excuse me. Mrs. Tanner? - Can I help you? - Yeah, I hope so. My name is kenny battaglia. I work security for seth blanchard. Do you have a moment? Won't take long. Okay. What can I do for you? Well, you could give me the name of the person who told your news program That god was speaking with mr. Blanchard. ( laughs ) - Mr. Battaglia? - Battaglia. Yeah. I'm the head producer of a news show. I'd lose all reputability if I ever revealed a source. That's journalism ethics 101. - Right. - Right. Now if you'll excuse me. Actually, just one more thing, mrs. Tanner. Um, it is "mrs.," right? It's not "miss." Mrs., yes. Why? - You've been married for some time? - Yes. But that's really none of your business, is it, mr. Battaglia? 12 years, I believe. You got a couple pups too, right? Peggy? What is she now? 12? Caleb, seven. Your husband's a heart surgeon at cedars-sinai, Dr. John conforth. Good reputation. Steady hands. What is this? What are you doing? I'm wondering if you've ever asked yourself this, mrs. Tanner-- What's more important? Beautiful family-- peggy, little caleb, doc john-- Or the name of a source. Did that ever come up in journalism ethics 101? What the fuck are you talking about? 'cause that question's gonna come up today. Either you give me the source Or these photos of you leaving your lead anchorman's house every morning With a big smile on your face are gonna find a way into the doctor's office. So did you fail ethics or not, lois? Got you something. What's this for? Nothing. Well, I didn't get you anything. It's okay. Just open the gift. Look. Look at the cover piece. It looks just like the coffee table you made for me. - Look. - Okay. Yeah, it's pretty similar. I thought you might like it. You're so good with your hands, I thought it might give you some ideas-- Some tips. I love it. But you didn't have to buy this for me. I wanted to. Flip through it. Everything in there you can build. Maybe. I don't know. You hinted that sometimes the store doesn't feel right. This is something I think you can do... For a living, bo. Seriously, that's how talented you are. ( sighs ) I don't know. I mean, I love the book and I love building stuff, But as a job? I don't know. But coaching-- That's something I could definitely do. I think that's a great idea too. I love making a difference in some kid's life. I like-- I like giving them advice and seeing it change them for the better. I mean, that's-- that makes me happy. Then you should go back to school, Get a degree. You could become a pe teacher and start coaching high-school baseball. - Bo, you'd be great. - It's not that simple. What do you mean? Did you tell my mom I said hobbywood was closing down? No. Did she say that I did? 'cause it's not. And I never turn my back on the shop. You need to know that. Bo... I understand that it was your father's shop. But that doesn't mean that you have to stay there-- Not if it doesn't make you happy, and it doesn't. I can tell. You know, it's late. I should go. Bo, I didn't mean to upset you. It's okay. Just as long as we're clear. Yeah. I should go. Thanks for the book. I'll call you tomorrow. ( soft piano playing ) ( people chattering ) You clean up nicely, cendars. You look amazing. Don't get too used to it, because after today It's blue jeans, t-shirts and flannel pajamas. And you're still gonna look amazing. You ready to do this? I've been ready for 30 years. - Okay? - Okay. ( organ playing "wedding March" ) ( choir singing ) No! No no. Why didn't you stop it, daddy? Why didn't you stop it, daddy? - Ahh! - Jesus, ben. Ben. What? What? Oh oh. - Hey, are you okay? - Oh, yeah. Oh, it's just a bad dream. Whew. No, I'm fine. I'm fine. We need to talk. ( door bells jangle ) Hey. What are you doing here? I'm late for work but I wanted to come by. - If this is about last night-- - no. I told you what I thought. It's your life. You do what you want. Thanks for understanding. Actually, I didn't come here to talk to you. I came to invite your mom to dinner-- The three of us over at my place, Why? 'cause she said you don't talk much about us. I don't want her to feel left out. It's not right, bo. She has no one but you. Ben: No, I'm not accusing you of anything, mr. Urmas. It seems like no one-- not the police, Not cassie's friends-- I mean no one had a fucking clue That she had some kind of relationship with roxanne thigpen. But we do now, right? And I want to talk to the girl. No, all I want you to do is find her, Nothing else. You just tell me where the fuck she is And I'll do the rest. Thank you. - Seth? - Andrea. What's wrong? - It was me, seth. - What? I spoke to the news station. I'm responsible for the leak. Mom, you don't have to get all dressed up. It's only lily's apartment in glendale. But I like to get dressed up. When's the last time I got to do that? Maybe I'll get my hair done, Buy a new dress. It'll be nice. Don't worry, I won't embarrass you. I didn't say you would. Oh, bo, I am so glad we're doing this. I mean, lily seems a bit naive to me, But I don't want to judge her prematurely. I want to give her a chance. And this dinner will give us quality time So I can do that. When it comes to women, you just don't know. You need my help. And not just in the woman department. I swear, bo, I don't know how you get along without me. Well, that day's coming, mom. I'm 24. I can't live with you forever. ( laughs ) You're just trying to get a rise out of me. Well, I won't let you. You're just nervous about this dinner with lily, Afraid she won't measure up. Well, don't be nervous, bo. I'll be gentle. I apologize for not being honest with you, seth. It wasn't easy for me. But I can't apologize for the reasons I leaked the information. I was looking out for your best interests. Bullshit. You call this having my back? Yes, I do. Seth, all due respect-- I know I overstepped my bounds, But someone had to. This city of yours, byzantium? You're setting yourself up for failure. You're throwing away everything you've built, everything you've done. I couldn't just stand by and let that happen. So instead you betrayed me. You should have come to me, andrea, Told me how you felt, Handed in your resignation. That I would have respected. I put my heart and soul into your company, into you. And I couldn't just stand by and watch you crash and burn On some goddamn city of the future. By leaking my divine inspiration to the press, You figured this entire project would implode, right? - Exactly. - Yeah. Okay, it makes me sick to watch you Throw your legacy down the fucking drain. But who am I? The loyal assistant who cares too much. How sad is that? I'm willing to fight And kick and scream to protect something That isn't even mine. God didn't speak to you, seth. Either your ego spoke to you, Or you need serious help. Andrea, Do you really think what you've done will stop me? I hope so. I really do, set Because then the last 11 years by your side Wouldn't have been a complete waste. Take the rest of the day to pack up your things. Andrea, it's going to require someone a lot smarter than you To take me down. What's this? It's time for you to go, ben. You're kicking me out, suzy? Why? What's wrong? What did I do? I just can't sit back and watch you obsess Over cassie's killer anymore. Come on, I'm doing this for both of us. - You want her killer found, don't you? - Of course I do. We both miss her. We're both hurting. I thought I could let it go. I can't. I tried... And I can't. Not now, anyway. I made a promise to our daughter. You made a promise to me too, ben. I know. I'll keep it, I swear. Look, just do what you have to do. Go and find who took our daughter from us, or don't. And just find a way to let go of the past And embrace the present-- us. And then come back to me. I'll be here. These carrots are perfect, lily. Thank you, mrs. Olinville. You know, I read this interesting article in a magazine About the nursing profession, lily. It requires so much caregiving to strangers That many nurses, by the time they go home after work, They just don't seem to have it in them To take care of anyone. And... It can put a great stress on families If a mother or father is a nurse Or a doctor even. Do you find that to be the case? No, not really. Actually, I find the opposite to be true. My mother was a nurse and she was the most caring And giving person in the world. She was a great role model for me. Oh. I said goodbye to andrea. God. I can't believe it. Now I know that we may have struggled To see eye to eye a lot of the time, But she never gave me reason to doubt her loyalty. I always respected the job that she did for you... For us. Christ, maggie. I don't know what I'm gonna do without her. You're gonna be okay, seth. We're gonna be okay. You don't sound very confident. I know this is a really bad time, But I have to go away for a little while. A book tour now? Seth, it's not a book tour. There's something that I have to tell you. So mrs. Olinville, how was work? Work was fine, just fine. I barely had time to put on the television. Although when I did, I wish I hadn't. It's very upsetting to watch some silly newscaster Making fun of seth blanchard's plan To build a city for the homeless. Those people are really getting under my skin - With the way they're treating him. - Me too. I don't understand it. I mean, he's trying to do a great thing. Who cares if god spoke to him? Exactly. That's what I've been saying. I mean, what he's doing for the homeless Has to be the most generous thing anyone's ever done. I couldn't agree with you more. I've been trying to tell that to bo, but he doesn't care. - I never said that. - For someone to spend their entire fortune On something like this, to help all those people, - It's just-- - it's selfless. Exactly, selfless. Which is why it doesn't make sense how the media is treating him. Have you ever ready any of his books, lily? I just bought one. I think it was his first. Oh, I wish you hadn't. I would have lent you my copy. You know, I was going to get him to sign my copy. He was actually parked outside of our store. That was the day he collapsed. My god-- in front of your store? Bo, you didn't tell me that. I guess I didn't think about it. And I can tell you this, lily-- I got a good look at the man, And he is very handsome. I mean, he's really sexy. I totally agree. ( laughing ) It's time to go, mom. So soon? Bo, sit back down. We're having fun. Mom, the doctor said it's important to get at least eight hours of sleep. So I won't set my alarm. You can go in and open the store. Come on, bo, you're being rude. We have to stay at least  and help Lily clean up this mess. It's really fine. I'll come back later and help her with the dishes. See what I was saying? A real nervous nelly. Can't stop thinking about andrea. Just the thing a girl wants to hear. ( laughs ) No, seriously, 15 years she works for the guy. To go behind his back like that. Doesn't that tell you something? Yeah, that she's as big of a bitch as I thought she was. Maybe that too, But-- kenny, I know you're loyal to seth And I love that about you. But I'm out there talking to the people whose support seth needs To make this city happen, and... I have to be honest. They don't believe in him. And if they don't, I don't think byzantium will make it. If that's true, what do you expect me to do? Walk out on the guy? I'm sorry, I can't do that. I had a feeling you'd say that. I just-- I don't want to see you get hurt, kenny. Make love to me, bo. Bo, you're hurting me. You're hurting me. I'm sorry. - I'm sorry. - Okay. Let me get on top. - Don't look at me. - What? Don't look at me. I don't want you to look at me. Okay. ( moaning ) Ahem. Maggie? You don't have to leave tonight. It can wait till morning. I know, this is-- it's better this way. I can leave without the press noticing. Sorry-- I hate to leave you in the midst of all this. Don't worry about me. It's time you took care of yourself... And our baby. Did I hurt this baby, seth? Because you know, I think maybe-- Wait, I just just think maybe I hurt the baby. Don't do that. The baby will be fine. Maggie, I'm sorry I didn't see the signs. I was so caught up in myself I didn't realize something was wrong. I know I contributed to it. I know that if I had had more time and paid more attention-- No, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it. Okay? No blame now. I'm sorry. I'm the one who should be sorry for hiding it from you, okay? - I love you. - I love you. ( car starts ) No, this is my final decision. I'm very sorry to hear that. I hope you don't come to regret your decision. I would have veryuch liked to have helped you, mr. Blanchard. Well, you have a good day. I always do. Goodbye. Seth: I just turned down the offer from jonas dixon. But I thought you said the jesus freak would make all this bad press go away. Well, we'll never know. But I do know that god doesn't wear a rolex, So if that guy's my salvation, Then no thank you. Ooh. It has been a hell of a week. Everywhere I look I see loss. Look, for what it's worth-- ( grunts ) --I'm here, boss. I'm not going anywhere. I believe you, kenny. I thank you for it. - For everything. - You got it. So what happens now? Now we go on the offensive, See what we can do about the public's perception of me. Mmm. You got any ideas? - I do. - Good. You know, everyone's made their opinion known about me and my plan Except the people most affected by it. - The homeless? - That's right. It's time they weighed in on me, god, And my plan for their future. In genesis, when god told noah to build the ark, Yes, he gave him instructions. He told him how many floors to put in, Where the door should go, of course. But the more important question is why did god Single out noah to build it? Well, the bible tells us: Genesis 6:9-- "noah was a righteous man, Blameless among the people of his time, And he walked with god." And he walked with god. All: Amen. Now when the news broke that mr. Blanchard's city Was born of a vision in which god spoke to him, I said to myself, "jonas, You have to meet this man. You have to meet this man and look into his soul." So I did. And now I finally have an answer to the question You've all been asking me-- What do I think of mr. Blanchard? Well, I'll tell you-- I found my answer in the book of matthew, 7:15. "beware of false prophets Who come to you in sheep's clothing, Because inwardly, They are ravenous as wolves." Let us pray. Sync by honeybunny www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 