House of Saddam: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 House of Saddam 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 House of Saddam (2008): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 May 1995. Iraq is crippled by UN sanctions for refusing to comply with weapons inspections. When inspectors are finally admitted, a cat-and-mouse game begins. In charge of the subterfuge is... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Iraq is the nation we dreamed it would be. I would like to stress our President's strong desire for peace and stability in the Middle E?伿 Look who you are left with. Men My father has had many favourites. But only one first son. Deserters will be shot. Cowards will be shot. Do you understand? Well, if the Americans come. I'll put a bullet in his head. I'd be pleased to let you. This is my country! When I was a boy, in Tikrit, a traveller walked through my village. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The villagers stared at the stranger. But he kept on walking. and challenged him. "What are you doing here? "Asking for trouble?" The traveller was astonished. "What do you mean?" he said. "I am not looking for trouble. "I have no weapon, no gun, no knife, "I have nothing." "But that's just what I mean," the old man said. "By walking without a weapon, "you are inviting an attack." We are currently surrounded by enemies and collaborators, Qusay. Iraq has a right to protect its people. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 To benefit from the skills of its scientists and engineers. The presence of weapons inspectors is nothing more than a temporary inconvenience. Qusay is becoming powerful. He is the - President's son, don't forget. - So am I. By marriage. Weapon development is the responsibility of my ministry. Not Qusay's. It should be me in charge of this consignment committee. Hussein, if Saddam says dig a hole, you dig a hole. Don't let your ambition control you. Be patient. How many of these documents do we have to bury? We don't have to bury any. We just watch. Mr Aziz. We seem to be taking an awfully long time to reach the plant. Almost there, Mr Ekeus. Not far now. Stop. Stop. Could you reverse, please. This is not the right way in. Mr Aziz, what's going on? Stop the bus. It's not the correct entrance. Stop the bus, please. Could you stop the bus right now, please! Stop, stop. Everybody come. We are from the United Nations. My name is Rolf Ekeus. It's all right. Thank you. Mr Ekeus. Just follow me. It's all right. They can't stop us from entering the building. It's all right, they're with me. I beg you, wait a minute please. Listen to me, Mr Aziz... Please... GUNFIRE Remain calm! There is no need to be alarmed. Everything is under control. Everybody, please! Remain CALM! You should have crashed the bus, Tariq. With all your inspectors inside. Then they could experience our broken-down hospitals. What's done is done. It was unfortunate, but it changes nothing. Except they trust us now even less. Is that possible? Ekeus must understand the suffering he's causing Iraq. No produce in the markets. No medicines in the hospitals. No books in the schools. Baba. Sorry I'm late. Forgive me. So, what are we talking about? UN dogs and economic sanctions. We are reviewing strategies. We should tell them to mind their own fucking business. How is that for an idea? Uday. If Ekeus has a grievance, then he can come to me. I'll deal with it. Now, I don't want to be disturbed. Any brilliant ideas, you say? Are you trying to make a fool of me in front of my father? - What are you doing? - Uday, calm down. He tried to make me look a fool. I was just asking a question. Yes, I have an idea, Hussein. To fucking kill you. Uday! Do you like it? And the day is coming. Uday! We are all family here. The day is coming. Why do we have to tolerate him? He's a danger. A danger to all of us. - And to this country! - Hussein! Baba. Ah, Qusay. You are here. Come, come and see the family tree. Baba, you need to speak to Uday. He and Hussein... Look! It has been proven. There is a clear line. I am descended from the prophet. We have royal and holy blood in our veins. We are blessed and favoured! I knew it. Yet, this...gift also brings its burdens. Because we have risen so high, we've become a target. We must always be on our guard, Qusay. Yes, go. Go. What happened to you? Uday happened to me. He's sick in the head. No sooner had your father left, he starts yelling in my face, throwing food at me. Why? Because he's Uday. He does what he likes. I'll speak to Baba. No! He should know how Uday is behaving! Don't you think your father already knows? It would make me appear weak. Leave it. I will deal with it. Your father is not interested any more. In you? In anything. So Mama, will you be celebrating the national holiday tonight? I doubt it. All of my children will be with their father. Because we have to be, Mama. I'd rather be at my club. With your Russian prostitutes? Still with the blonde, I understand. Not really. Yes, really. Eat, Azizzi. I'm not stupid. He's with no-one, Mama. He's has the weapons inspectors to think about. The sanctions. He is writing the Qu'ran with his own blood. Seriously. Today is the Day of Days, we celebrate our victory over Iran. Yes, I know. The President is at the disposal of his people. Mr Ekeus. Exactly how many more months, years will these inspections take? After all, you've seen everything there is to see several times. continue until such time as I am satisfied I have seen everything. Today, I meet my people. They petition me for favours. A tradition on the Day of Days. What do I say to the mother who asks me for milk for her baby? Do I tell her you are searching for an invisible atomic weapon, and as soon as you find it, then her child can be fed? Mr Ekeus, the United Nations are punishing the people of Iraq. For no reason. No reason. YOU can stop this torture. Mr President. Mr President! DOOR SLAMS I will provide you with a list of people I'd like to interview. Mr Ekeus, I... Enjoy the celebrations, Mr Aziz. Our country's dying, Saddam. Look at it. All it would take is for me to lose my temper with Uday just once and we could be one of them. Look at them, the poor wretches. Then I suggest you don't lose your temper! Enter! Efta! Are we selling it as this? With Medical Aid labels? Of course not, we're going to change the labels. Drive it into Jordan first thing in the morning. Sell it there. Everything accounted for? Yes, sir. Unload the rest of the trucks. Did you hear what I said? Unload them. There's somebody waiting to see you. Hey...golden boy! Do you like my new gun? I'm taking your trucks and everything that's in them. What are you going to do about that? The trucks and the contents belong to the people of Iraq. Emergency aid. And yet, you're selling it on the black market. Hasta la vista, baby! Why didn't you warn me? How? He had a gun. It's Mr Uday! What is Uday doing here? He's taking the trucks. But that is our money. So now it is his money. It's time for us to act, brother, before it's too late. Tonight! Does it have to be tonight? Go hurry them up. Hussein, this is crazy. Hussein! Raghad? My dress. KNOCK ON DOOR Come in! Raghad, we have to leave. It's a party. We won't be late. We want to look perfect. Please. Hurry up. Two minutes. OK. Ignore him, sister. Two minutes, no more. Stop! You. Follow me. GRUNTING AND SOBBING HEADBOARD BANGS Hey, where are you going? I haven't finished with you. Wait, wait, wait. Uday...not tonight. Not here. Go. And take the glasses with you. Make sure you clean your nose. Hussein, we're going miles out of our way. What's happening? I told you, there is something I have to do. What? Habibi. Are you feeling unwell? We're not going to the party. What? Hussein? They would've found out sooner or later. Hussein, what's going on?! Ali! Ali! Hussein and Saddam Kamel. Have they arrived yet with my sisters? I haven't seen them. Then check that they've left - the President will be ready any moment. And he wants his family around him. Uday! Uday! Where exactly are we going? What? Jordan. We have discussed this before. Your father cannot see past Qusay. Uday is running wild, every time I meet him he threatens ?伿ill me. It's true, Raghad. You are my wife. Rana is my brother's wife. Yes, but not now! Not tonight! Now is the time. Sanctions are killing Iraq everyday. And as long as your father is in power, they will never be lifted. Iraq needs a fresh start. We need a new leader. And you think that's you! They left almost two hours ago. Have you followed the route? It's been done. No accidents have been reported. Something's wrong. Hussein, let me try to speak to Baba. If I thought I had that option, I would've taken it. Can you please trust me? General Hussein, please, carry on. Everything is ready? Your sisters. Baba. We have a crisis. What is it? Hussein and Saddam Kamel may have crossed the border into Jordan. Where are my daughters? Answer me. Where are my daughters? We don't know. We think they've gone too. Traitor. TRAITOR! Sat at my table with my daughter, and all the time he was planning to betray me. His country?伿ill me. He was talking to the CIA. Baba. We have specialists. I can eliminate him. I can do that. No. I could do it. Baba I want to do it. I said no! We have to bring them bac?伿ill me. Mr President! Saddam... ..I swear, I know nothing about this. My nephew is a law unto himself. Ali. Your loyalty is not in question. I will need your assistance. Anything. Hussein trusts you. You must go and speak to him. Of course. If it's about Uday and an apology is needed, then Uday will apologise. He will go with you. But keep a low profile in Jordan. It will be best for all of us to sort this out behind closed doors. I will do everything I c?伿ill me. Everything. So different from Baghdad. So alive. What rank are you? I'm here to determine what's true and what's not. You think I come here and risk my life to tell lies? No, thanks. I trust you are capable of delivering messages to your superiors in Langley. That's not quite how it works. We have a common interest in replacing Saddam Hussein. Correct? Possibly, yes. Before we proceed any further, I require formal assurances you will place your organisation at my disposal. In return, and upon my succession to Saddam as President, I will be able to guarantee future?伿 supplies. Subject of course to future military assistance. It may be a little more complicated than that. Do you have any other options? Any other candidates for President? What sort of coup is the CIA planning? Lucky guess. When Langley sees what I have to show them, it won't be at all complicated. Well, that may be a good place to start. Before we proceed any further. I will require formal assurances. I always knew he was a snake. He has bought shame to the door of the Al Majids. He's put all the Al Majids in danger. I suspect the king will want us to dine with him tonight. Make sure you wear something nice. Ah, there you are. Ekeus will have a seizure. He's been searching for this for years. You're giving up Iraq's secrets! Habititi, we have a million secrets in Iraq. But that's all we have. You have no idea who you're dealing with, do you? worked with my father and you still think you can win? You know nothing about him. Raghad...go find a nice dress to wear. The king will see you now. About time. Your majesty, how good of you to see us. You know my foreign minister, Mr Kabariti. Hello, Mr Kabariti. Your majesty, foreign minister, we are all men of experience here. A misunderstanding has arisen involving our cousin General Hussein Kamel Al Majid. We wish to clear up this misunderstanding, so Uday and I have come in friendship to invite Hussein to return to Baghdad. To his family. After all, this is a family matter. Not political. That will not be possible, I'm afraid. In what way is this reasonable request not possible? Hussein Kamel has asked me for political asylum. He fears for his safety were he to return to Iraq. He fears for his safety. He said that? What about the safety of my sisters? They are here against their will. I have a right to see them. Your sisters have made it clear that their place is with their husbands. I respect their wish. I want to hear it from them. Where are they? Gentlemen, that really is all we have to say on the matter. Baba isn't going to be happy. Hear me? My father will NOT be pleased. Your majesty, foreign minister, thank you. For nothing! General Hussein Kamel Al Majid is believed to be sheltering in the royal palace in Amman. I can hold Iraq like this, better than Saddam holds it now. With UN weapons inspector Rolf Ekeus and his team still in Iraq, searching for illegal weapo?伿 supplies. and an economy crippled by UN sanctions, This defection is a further blow to Saddam Hussein's previously unshakable hold on power in ?伿. We left Iraq because we had nothing left in Iraq. Iraq is dying. We are trying to save Iraq. I can't believe he could do such a thing. To stand before the world and denounce our country. My President, I can only ensure mine and my family's absolute devotion, to you and Iraq. Ali...this is not your fault. There are traitors all around us. All controlled by CIA and by Hussein. But we are watching them, my friend. And we will strike back. I want you to increase surveillance. Anyone acting suspiciously is to be picked up and bought in immediately for questioning. Make sure Ekeus does not leave the country. Mr Ekeus? Yes. Your flight to Jordan has been delayed. Mr Deputy Tariq Aziz would like to see you. When Ekeus arrives, Tariq, you are to give him everything. Everything? All of it - research, drawings, blueprints, equipment. We move it to Hussein's farm and we give them everything. Tariq and Qusay will oversee the operation. But Baba, that means we lose. No. The traitor will lose. We cut his throat. Without any new information, he is nothing but a refugee. Without a story to tell, he is unworthy of protection. Mr Ekeus, may I assure you there will be no further obstacles to our co-operation. You and the Anscombe team should consider yourselves honoured guests here in Iraq. I'm pleased to hear what you say. It is unfortunate this level of co-operation was not evident from the outset. Of course, Mr Ekeus, and we share in your sentiments. Now if you permit us, we have uncovered yet more information hidden by General Al Majid from both us and you. My son will show you. Mr Ekeus, we have been enemies before. But now I am glad we meet as friends. Perhaps you will take a seat, General Hussein? So...where should we begin? You see, what you have been chasing are mirages. All weapons, biological and chemical missiles have been destroyed. This is before or after inspections began? Since 1991. Ah. Yes. Don't underestimate yourself, Mr Ekeus. You are very effective in Iraq. Sooner or later you would have discovered them. And you would have justified any action you ?伿e. You expect us to take your word for it that all weapons were destroyed. They were a liability. Not an asset. We understood that we had something far more valuable than the war-heads. We had the knowledge and the expertise. And that you will agree, is where the true value lies. Of course. Iraq's future capability is still of primary concern. Are these the papers you have brought us today? These are but a sample. They present the blueprint for the entire weapon program. We have seen them already. The Iraqi Government disclosed them a few days ago. That cannot be true. They were discovered in a chicken shed outside Baghdad. A chicken shed? According to your president, the shed belongs to you. This is a joke. He also claims that you have been acting alone in concealing information. No?伿e. With a view to a meeting not dissimilar to this one. I am not responsible for the concealment of information. This is another joke. A lie. Surely you do not believe THEM?! Would you like a glass of water, General? Everything. He gave them everything. You never understood him, did you? The most important thing to my father is loyalty. By the way, the king would like us to move out of the hotel and into an apartment. That was just one battle. I still have value. What now? Of course. I can't bear to think that And the grandchildren. Is it right that they should grow up in a foreign land? Saddam, what do you want me to do? I want them home. Will they be safe? They are my daughters. Will they be safe? I give you my word. I want you to speak to them. Tell them that I understand that they've been taken against the?伿ill. I know none of this is their fault. Just tell them... that I want them to come home. I understand you gave a telephone interview last week to the editor of the Jordanian newspaper Bilat. What of it? I understand that you threatened to kill him. I wish to see the king. Our accommodation is unacceptable. Being a journalist, he recorded the discussion. You can clearly be heard threatening to kill him. The phrase you used was, "I will cut you up piece by piece." That's what you say I said. Then I agree. General, he is intending to take you to court over these threats. To court? This is absurd. I have to remind you, this is not Iraq. In Jordan, we all live under the rule. PHONE RINGS Leave it! Yes? ..Mama! Why are we sitting out here on show? Saddam has assassins everywhere. We're not on show, we're having a cup of coffee. Don't you like it? I demand guarantees of protection. In return for what? I have given you everything. I know how Iraq works. I know how Saddam Hussein thinks. I've been at his right hand for more than ten years. It's because of that no free Iraqi will come near you. You were part of his killing machine, Hussein. And we've got plenty of other options. You're on your own now. I'm sorry. Sorry? That's it?! That's all that America has to offer? Yeah, and the truth of it is, we don't even mean it. Watch out for assassins, General! PHONE RINGS Yes. Hussein. It's Amo Saddam. Your President. I am sending you a letter. What is written is the truth. Neither I nor my sons will harm you or your brother. I swear. You are the husband of my daughter and the father of my beloved grandchildren. It is time for you to come home. Do you believe him? I've known him for a long time. He is a man of his word. Yes, I believe him. Then you are a fool, Hussein. He says himself, why would he harm the husbands of his daughters? The fathers of his grandch?伿en? Because you betrayed him. And we will be punished. We will be out of office for some time. No matter, anything is better than this. We will make the best of things here. Raghad, there is nothing here for us. You don't seem to understand how much your father relied on me. Raghad, you didn't hear his voice. He was speaking the truth. He will forgive us. He does not forgive traitors! We were doing routine searches on the road from Amman to Baghdad and that's when we found it?伿en? A satellite phone? It must be CIA. Yes. This is Hussein's doing. His weakness has allowed these vipers to believe they can seize power. But you will change that, Qusay. You are the man... Hussein can never be. Shall we make the arrests? No, no. We have the system. Let's use it. We do nothing but listen. This phone belongs to a CIA spy. Other traitors will soon be calling it with information. What? I can't go back. We shouldn't go back. We are going home. It has been decided. No. Yes. I don't want to die! Refuse to go back, brother, and you will die. Because I will kill you! I will not be nothing! This looks like them. Hey. No-one is to be harmed. OK? A madman comes to greet us. Welcome home. We've missed you... golden boy. Frightened? Hussein, Saddam Kamel out of the car. Why? Get out of the car! What's happening? Where are you taking them? They won't be harmed. Baba's given his word. You and Rana are going straight to Mama. Get out. We will be fine. Get out. One of my drivers will take over from here. Your weapons, gentlemen. Have a seat. Take off your shirts. What? He said take off your shirts! And your berets. You are not fit to wear the uniform of Iraq. Sign the papers. This is your agreement to a divorce from my sisters. Divorce? But I don't want a divorce. This is what the President wants. Sign it. The President says you're nothing to him now and you will be taken to your father's house. Let's go. At least we're alive. We are divorced. I am nothing. We have done as you requested, Baba. We traced the callers to the CIA satellite phone. We have produced almost 800 names. It seems Hussein was not the only one talking to the Americans. Show me the faces of these traitors. SLIDE PROJECTOR CLICKS MEN SHOUT PHONE RINGS Yeah. CIA? This is Saddam Hussein, the President of Iraq. I'm calling you to tell you that your boys are now... my guests. It is unlikely you will be seeing them again. America wants to control Iraq. They will never give up... until I'm gone. Cousin Ali, I'm sure you understand the pain that your nephews have caused me. Very much so, your President. I would be within my rights to exact vengeance for the damage they have caused. And I have given my word that neither I nor my sons will harm them and I'm a man of my word.?伿en? Yet this stain of dishonour and betrayal is there for all to see. It is the entire Al Majid family who must carry this stain to their graves. Unless, of course... it is removed. Mr President, I will avenge the shame my nephews have brought on the Al Majid family name. Make sure it's done properly, Ali. In the Bedouin way. Saddam Kamel! Collect your weapons! We the men of the family Al Majid... It's Uncle Ali. We have come to purge the traitors from our family. Collect your weapons. Let's make it a fair fight. Uncle Ali. The President has spared us. But the tribe find you guilty. Last chance, collect your weapons. Saddam Kamel. Get upstairs. Upstairs! Listen. 'Stop firing!' How long do you think we can hold out, brother? Not long. Saddam! Saddam! Enough. Enough! You call this fair, Ali? As fair as the traitors deserve. For the children. Chocolates. You look well, both of you. How is your mother? She is a widow, like her daughters. The time you were away was not good. But now you're back. I asked you to come today because I wanted to look into your eyes. I see you're still my daughters... ..so you will understand that what happened was a necessary end. Hussein was my husband, Baba. You chose him for me... ..and I loved him. By killing Hussein and Saddam Kamel, you have destroyed a part of us both. May we leave now? Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd This programme contains This programme contains strong This programme contains strong language language from language from the language from the outset. Hello Hello and Hello and welcome Hello and welcome to Hello and welcome to The Hello and welcome to The Edinburgh Hello and welcome to The Edinburgh Festival Festival Show Festival Show The Festival Show The Culture Festival Show The Culture Show Festival Show The Culture Show has Festival Show The Culture Show has packed packed it's packed it's bags packed it's bags changed packed it's bags changed it's packed it's bags changed it's name packed it's bags changed it's name and and taken and taken up and taken up but and taken up but a and taken up but a brief and taken up but a brief residence and taken up but a brief residence in in the in the Scottish in the Scottish capital in the Scottish capital if in the Scottish capital if you in the Scottish capital if you can't can't make can't make it can't make it here can't make it here in can't make it here in the can't make it here in the next three three weeks three weeks we three weeks we will bring three weeks we will bring youlet best best of best of the best of the cultural best of the cultural Olympic best of the cultural Olympic that best of the cultural Olympic that is is is is is Edinburgh is is Edinburgh in is is Edinburgh in August. is is Edinburgh in August. Gold is is Edinburgh in August. Gold medal medal performances medal performances some medal performances some from medal performances some from the medal performances some from the high high jump high jump and high jump and the high jump and the occasional high jump and the occasional drugs high jump and the occasional drugs test. test. There test. There is test. There is no test. There is no time test. There is no time to test. There is no time to sit test. There is no time to sit down test. There is no time to sit down for for three for three of Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 