Six Feet Under: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Six Feet Under 
 s1e3 - The Foot - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Six Feet Under (2001–2005): Season 1, Episode 3 - The Foot - full transcript 
 The family considers selling the business. Their latest client had an unfortunate accident with an industrial dough-mixer. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ORIGINAL AIR DATE ON HBO: 2001-06-17 Six Feet Under Season 1. Episode 3. The Foot OK, this here's the dough mixer. You gotta get in there, really scrub it Hose it down every night. keep the bugs out. Somebody found a roach in a loaf of whole wheat once and sued Can't you just spray with Raid? And then you got bug-poisoned bread that might kill 100 people Is that good? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Oh, Jesus I gotta get to my chiropractor. Hey. Think anyone's ever had sex in here? Now, why the fuck would you even think that, huh? Romano? Ro.. Romano? Romano? You Are OK? "THOMAS ALFREDO ROMANO MAY 16, 1944-JANUARY 21, 2001" That was- you made the weirdest noise back there. I if were you, I would not get into the weird noise contest. Oh, yeah? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I love this song. This? Really? Yeah. My dad had all these old big band records. All this reminds me of being a kid still being blissfully ignorant of what a sick joke life can be. I'd have pegged you as more of a fan of... what? Sting? U2? You know, grew up in the 80s but too straight to be into real hardcore punk stuff. Oh, yeah? And I suppose you were into the really hardcore punk stuff? Kind of. I think it was just the heroine talking... Oh man, I love that look! I really have to go. Mom and David and I are having some sort of family meeting to discuss whether we should sell the business to Kroehner. Oh, God, I hope we will. Why? So I can get the hell out of here and go back to Seattle. Why don't you come with me? Why on earth would I want to do something like that? Because you are my woman. You're out of your mind. Oh, yeah? How come my name's branded on your ass? I love that look. You don't understand how serious this is. We're under siege by a major corporation. Stop being so dramatic. Mom, it's a fact. David, we all have problems. This oat bran is stuck on here like cement because you didn't soak any water in it, thank you very much. Listen to me. Kroehner is pressuring our suppliers to demand money up front. Now Continental Caskets wants us to pay for anything we put in the showroom before we actually sell it. That's thousands of dollars. Your father never let these things  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 