Beware the Batman: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beware the Batman 
 s1e10 - Sacrifice - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beware the Batman (2013–2014): Season 1, Episode 10 - Sacrifice - full transcript 
 Anarky returns and sets a trap for both Batman and the League of Assassins, locking them in a building with a fatal airborne virus. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Beware the Batman... I sincerely hope you survive so we can finish this properly. You, the black king, representing order, and I, the white king... Well, I'm Anarky. Good evening, gentlemen. What do we have here? A gift for me? Oh, good! I was hoping you'd say that! That's the spirit. But are you sure you're ready to die? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I thought as much. You're going to make me very happy. Come on, Folds! You're gonna fold. You always fold. Just do it already. Fold! - What? - Boys! Boys! If you want a real game, invite a lady to play. Come on. Deal me in. If I win, you guys tell me where the League of Assassins is hiding. If I lose, you still tell me. All in. You were about to tell us where to find the League. Let them go. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We need to evacuate the building. We don't trade lives for information. No, but we need to find the League before it's too late to stop them. We sacrifice for the greater good. I grant you one chance for redemption. Recover the package and your lives may be spared. Tomorrow I will have the package or your heads. Who are you? You may call me Anarky. I'm the one who stole your precious cargo. Now, now. There's no need for hostility. I'd be happy to return it to you in exchange for a small favor. You dare bargain with the League of Assassins? Are you mad? Without question. This is the door to the level three vault located deep within Gotham's Contagion Research Center. Behind it, are some of the world's most lethal contaminants including Calibosix, a delightful mutative toxin. Bring the Calibosix to me and what is yours will be yours again. So, do we have a deal? Ralphy the Razor. I understand why you won't talk about the League. You're afraid of your boss Tobias Whale. But there's something you should know. Tobias Whale is afraid of me. Think about it. We'll wait. Huh? Are you okay, Batman? I hope I didn't blow you up. I just wanted to be sure I had your full attention. Is your hunt for the League going well? Anarky! You remember! And who's this? A new pet? Why don't you come down here in person so we can meet foot to face? Ooh! I like her, Batman! She's like the pepper to your salt. What do you know about the League? I know exactly where they are. Another one of your games? Perhaps. Or perhaps they're breaking into the Contagion Research Center as we speak. There's only one way to find out. Oh, one more thing. Duck! I think that went well. Don't you? Of course. We do have common desires. Power, upheaval, infamy... You and I now have a front row seat to the end of Gotham. You know it's a trap, right? Of course. But Anarky always laces his lies with truth. A CRC breach could mean an epidemic. We can't risk that. What about the police? This can't wait for the police. Computer, how fast can you put together a primer on the CRC's layout and security? Very fast, Batman. The Contagion Research Center or CRC studies and develops counter-measures for toxins ranging from infectious diseases to synthetic contaminants. Multiple security measures designed by Wayne Industries are in use to keep all toxins safely contained. May I help you, ma'am? All security doors are equipped with multi mobile biometric locks. The most secure system in existence. A positive simultaneous match of a recognized face, iris, voice and handprint set is required to open all security doors. May I help you, ma'am? Research facilities are housed on three tier levels. Toxicity severity increases with each level. Mild contaminants are contained on level one, moderate threats on level two and severe toxins on level three. In the event of a severe toxin release, CRC emergency breach protocol is engaged. If the toxin reaches level one high temperature explosives embedded in the structure will incinerate the complex to prevent an outbreak. But that is a worst-case scenario. If the explosion disrupts anything inside the vault you'll be dead before the smoke clears. Batman! You should worry less about what's behind that door and more about what's in front of it. You were saying? I will dearly miss both of you. If you want this, you'll have to take it. No, I won't. Calibosix. Interesting. Interesting? Oh, there's so much more than that, Batman! They're a monstrous game changer. Isn't Calibosix divine? I hate that guy. Calibosix. Cellular mutation and disintegration. 90% mortality rate. Not good. Ah! What are you doing? If we leave her in there, we're no better than she is. Shiva, move! That was a close one. The good news is those two lovelies won't stop until every last corner of Gotham is infected. Starting with you three! I really hate that guy. Anarky played us so we'd unleash an epidemic for him. I saw anti-serum in the vault. If we go back into the lab... No! Calibosix spreads through direct contact. If we risk a confrontation we could all get infected. We have to stay ahead of those two and out of reach. Two choices. Cooperate or die. Batman's code of honor will be Gotham's doom. But the fun is just starting. Look. I'll make this simple, people. Every living creature in this circle needs to be evacuated. Now, go. Any way to speed this up? No. And if those Franken-ninjas make it to level one before we get out, we get torched too? Yes. What's wrong, Katana? Were you planning to live past today? Don't be so glum, my treasures. You're not going to perish alone. All of Gotham City will be right behind you. Oops, here comes trouble. Tell McCaffrey to pull those fire trucks back. The snipers need a clear line of sight to the entrance. Lieutenant Gordon? Jocelyn Kilroy, CRC Executive Director. Rest assured. The situation is under control. Yes, I know. Because I'm controlling it. Hence this tax-funded boondoggle on wheels. I have authorization from the mayor's office to initiate breach protocol. Complete structural incineration. Your personnel should withdraw immediately. I'm not sure we're there yet, Miss... Kilroy. And, yes, we are. We finally tapped into the surveillance feed, Lieutenant. You got to see this. Batman? I understand why you aided my escape from the lab, Batman. You're a hero. You can't help yourself. That's who you are. But you, Katana... I have seen your true nature. You would have left me to die. Because at heart you're a killer. Just like me. You and I are nothing alike. No, your anger suggests otherwise. Wanna see my true nature? Keep talking. Lieutenant, Batman's fate is irrelevant. This is a public safety issue. To protect the city we have to move now. We need to give Batman a chance. I need to do nothing of the sort. I have authorization from the mayor to proceed immediately. Not anymore. Yes, Mayor. As you wish. You bought him some time. But not much. Katana! What are you doing? Guess I'm sacrificing for the greater good like you said. Shiva's wrong. I'm not a killer. As soon as you're outside, torch the building. Such a touching moment. Such a selfless act. And such a waste, since it will only delay the inevitable. Whoa! That lady just clocked Batman. Can it, O'Brien. We are initiating breach protocol. Your people have five minutes to clear the area. You can't. You don't have the mayor's approval for that. No, I have the governor's approval. The clock is ticking, Lieutenant. Breach protocol engaged. Structural incineration in five minutes. Thank you. Much better. Pity. The building may kill you before I do. Don't count on it, Lady. Incineration in four minutes. Incineration in three minutes. End of the line, guys. One way or the other. Ah! Ugh! What are you doing here? I had some time to kill. I did what you said to do. And my sacrifice would have kept Gotham safe. So why did you risk coming back for me? Some things are too valuable to be sacrificed. Incineration in one minute. We need to move. Are you okay? Yeah, let's go. I'm fine. You're infected. Incineration in 30 seconds. 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2.. Breach protocol canceled. All CRC staff is accounted for. And those ninjas got the serum just in time. They'll be 100% when they land in a cell at Blackgate. Still no sign of Lady Shiva. But we'll find her. No. She's already gone. The best laid plans of mice and madmen often go awry. May you put this treasure to better use. No hard feelings. Welcome back, Master. Gotham will soon bow to its new ruler, Ra's al Ghul. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 