Still A Mystery: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Still A Mystery 
 s1e1 - The dangerous houses - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Still A Mystery (2018–2019): Season 1, Episode 1 - The dangerous houses - full transcript 
 18-year-old Brookelyn Farthing disappears in 2013 after attending a party in the small town of Berea, Kentucky. And then, 24-year-old Lindsay Buziak, a young beautiful realtor, is found ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 An 18-year-old sends urgent texts for help. She said, you know, "I'm scared. Can you come pick me up. I don't feel comfortable here." Then she vanishes. She seemingly disappeared into thin air. Someone is hiding something... People know. Somebody knows what happened to brookelyn. ...And coming up later, Another young woman is brutally murdered at work. They stabbed her in excess of 40 times. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Stuff like that does not happen. It just doesn't. It looked like somebody had gone To a very careful and methodical planning. Two families desperate for answers. All I want here is justice for my daughter. It doesn't even make a difference If I think she's dead or not. I need my baby back home. What really happened to brookelyn and lindsay? Captions paid for by discovery communications A young woman vanishes, leaving her Most basic belongings behind. She didn't even have on her shoes is really what got me. Like too many other blond girls 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Who have disappeared in the heartland area, Some people fear she's been kidnapped. I would just think, what if she's in someone's basement? What if she's cold? What if she's hungry? What if she's being beaten? The mystery of 18-year-old brookelyn farthing Begins in 2013 in berea, kentucky. It's a small artsy town nestled in lush horse country. The kind of place where there are no strangers. Everything is pretty much in one big circle around here. Everybody pretty much knows everybody. Like most berea kids, Brookelyn grows up with a love of nature and adventure, But she's not a total tomboy. She was the country girl going out and fishing, Four-wheeling, having fun, But she also was this little girl that loved pink, Dress-up, always was looking real cute, makeup, hair done. She just was the best of both worlds. Brookelyn, or brooke as she's called by her friends, Is the middle sister in a close-knit family of girls, And she's known for being the glue That holds everyone together. When everybody was arguing, She was normally the one who would fix it. You couldn't help but love her. She had that spirit that was just wonderful, Easy to talk to anybody. Brooke dreams of becoming a cosmetologist, But after graduating from high school in June 2013, She's just looking forward to a fun summer With her friends and family. She talked a lot about cosmetology, About being a hair dresser, nails and makeup and stuff, But she was just being free to the world. She was just enjoying life. She really hadn't made up her mind If she wanted to go to college, Or she just wanted to get a job right then. She was still like, "well, mom, maybe give me a month off." On Friday, June 21st, brooke and her younger sister, Paige, both take their driver's test. I went first, and I did not pass. But brooke does pass, and she's ecstatic. She was just bubbly. They were all giggling and happy, you know, Because she had got her driver's license, And they were all going out. That afternoon, the sisters spend some special time With their ailing grandfather at his birthday party. He had been sick, and we didn't really know If he would make it through the weekend or not. Our plans that day we're basically to go to our grandpa's Birthday with our cousin, Go back to her house, get ready and stuff And then go out that night. The girls are going to an outdoor party. Brooke packs an overnight bag Because she's planning to sleep at a friend's house afterwards. When she left, smiling, happy, hugs and kisses everybody, And they knew the rules -- call back in, Everything was going to be fine. It's the first night of summer, And as they do every year, Most of the teens in berea gather to celebrate in a field. It's a big old field, And you got a big old fire in the middle of it, And you'll have a bunch of trucks backed up together And everybody playing their music real loud, And the girls are dancing around, And the boys are just hanging out on the tailgate And having a couple beers. It seemed like she was having a great time. I mean, she was bouncing around, talking to people. Brooke's sister, tasha, leaves the party early, And then the friend brooke plans to spend the night With leaves too with a boy, which causes a fight. Brooke being, I guess, a little headstrong Like her mama, she's just like, "fine, if that's the way you want to be then I'm going back home tonight. I'm not going to spend the night with you." So this girl left brooke at the party Without a ride or anything. So at that point, she started, you know, Trying to figure out how she was going to get home. Brooke is stranded, but she continues to have fun Until she notices a classmate who needs her help. A little boy that she went to school with had got very drunk And was unable to drive and do anything. Brooke finds someone who is willing to give both her And her drunk classmate a ride home, An older man who is friends with her ex-boyfriend, jared. I guess jared and this guy were friends. I had no idea who he was, But brooke had been living with jared For about a year and a half so, I guess, she could know him. Jared, brooke's ex, isn't at the party. He's working a night shift at a factory, But even though they've just ended Their serious 3-year relationship they keep in touch. They were still like actively texting and stuff, But they definitely were not in, like, a relationship boyfriend, Girlfriend type of thing. Brooke seems to feel okay with jared's friend Giving both herself and her drunk classmate a ride. Brooke wouldn't have went home with anybody She wasn't comfortable catching a ride with. After dropping brooke's classmate safely at his house In the early morning hours of Saturday, June 22nd, jared's friend drives brooke to his house, Which is in a more secluded part of town. It's in kind of like the outskirts, I guess, of berea, And there was about maybe eight or nine houses total Around there. It was just a very rural place. I mean, a lot of woods. There's a large lake nearby. Nice neighborhood. Straight across the street was her Sunday school teachers. I mean, it was not a place or an area That I would have thought Anything would have went wrong or happened. But the situation is awkward. Jared's friend is going through a divorce. His house is in foreclosure, And it has no electricity or running water. Brooke calls her sisters and tells them That she feels uncomfortable and wants to go home. She was like, "hey, can you guys come get me?" And I was like, "heather is super drunk. I don't think that she can drive." I was like, "and I can't drive. Do you want me to get somebody to come get you?" And she was like, "no, it's fine. I think I'm going to get jared to come pick me up." Around 4:00 a.M., brooke writes to jared asking him To please come and get her. He was telling her, you know, he couldn't get off work Until about 6:00 or 6:30, Did she think she'd be okay there until then, And she said, "yeah, that was fine." He ask her if she was okay. She said she was fine, had been drinking But she had sobered up. He was in the other bedroom passed out, And she was just sitting on the couch smoking a cigarette. But suddenly, the messages from brooke become urgent. At 4:26 a.M. She texts, "can you hurry? Please hurry," and then adds, "I'm scared." I mean, she never has ever been put in a situation Where she was at a stranger's house, Let alone no electric or water I'm sure, But she was freaking out. Because jared is at work and thinks brooke is okay, He doesn't read all of her texts. When he does finally check his phone, He sees that brooke has written at 5:30 a.M. Saying she no longer needs a ride, "never mind! I'm okay. I'm going to a party in rockcastle county." It's not until 9:00 that morning When brooke doesn't show up at a car show She plans to attend with a friend, That her family begins to worry. It's not like brooke to not let people know where she is. She was just that type of person That you got 1,000 text messages of, "I went here," And "I'll be back home at this time," And "I'm okay," and "we're having a lot of fun." I got worried when matt, the guy that she was supposed To go to the car show with, called and was like, "hey, do you know where brooke is? I keep calling her. She's not answering," And I was like, "no, that's really weird." We all thought phones died or she's got drunk And passed out, and it'll be fine. She'll wake up and charge her phone And see everybody has called. Still, brooke's silence is troubling, So her family contacts her ex-boyfriend, jared. He tells them about the text she sent first saying she's scared But then saying she's okay And is on her way to another party 20 miles away. Something seems off. I think it was very odd that brooke was scared to death And then all of a sudden she was fine. Nobody knows anything about the party Brooke was supposedly headed to, And it makes no sense to her family That she would have gone there at 5:30 a.M. I mean, how do you just go to a party in rockcastle county If you don't have a vehicle, And nobody's coming to pick you up, And nobody else knows you're there? It was very suspicious. Now brooke's family is panicked. Where is she? On the morning of June 22, 2013, 18-year-old brookelyn farthing doesn't show up at the car show She's supposed to attend with a friend. She isn't answering her phone either, And her family fears something is wrong. Everybody was texting everybody Trying to figure out where brooke was, Where she went, who she was with. Brooke left a party the night before with a man Who is friends with her ex-boyfriend. This guy was, like, a lot older than everyone there. The man takes brooke back to his house, Which immediately strikes her family as strange. The house was in foreclosure at the time. There was no running water. There was no electricity, nothing. I mean, there was no reason they should have been there. Brooke's ex-boyfriend, jared, Tells her family that she texted him at 5:30 a.M. To tell him she was going to another party 20 miles away, But when brooke's sister, tasha, calls the man who owns the house Where she was sending the texts from, He tells her he has no idea where she went. He says he left the house to tend to his horses, And when he came back, brooke was gone, But 15 minutes after tasha first speaks to him, He calls back to tell her something disturbing. He says, "ma'am, I'm really scared," And I said, "well, what do you have to be scared about?" Then he said, "well, I don't know If brooke did it or not, but when I came home From putting the horses up, my house was on fire." It's obviously suspicious whenever the last known location That someone was at catches on fire. It turns out that at 7:00 a.M. The man called 911 To report a fire in his living room. Firefighters rushed to the house to find a burned-out couch. And it wasn't until that a fire was reported, There at that residence, That things really got suspicious. Brooke's family starts to panic. Why didn't this man tell them about the fire At his house right away? Is he hiding something? I just, you know, in my heart I feel like he got scared and he was like, "oh, crap. They're going to know something." Like they're going to keep digging. Brooke's family heads to the man's house, Which police are treating as a crime scene. The only sign of brooke is her overnight bag And her cowboy boots. All of her stuff was there including the shoes She had on her feet. Why would brooke leave her belongings behind? The only thing she seemed to have taken is her cellphone. The fact that she didn't even have on her shoes Is really what got me. Well, her shoes were there, but, like, she wasn't. It was just really weird. Where is brooke? According to the man that owns the house, The last time he saw her She was on his couch smoking a cigarette, But now that couch is destroyed, and what's more, It's the only thing in the whole house that caught fire. When I say the couch was burned, All that was left was literally the metal frame. It just seems awful funny and suspicious That the last place you seen my daughter Is the one thing that was getting destroyed. The kentucky state police begin frantically combing The dense forest around the foreclosed house. Initially, there were searches of several ponds, Several wooded areas surrounding the residence. But there are 16,000 acres of difficult terrain to search. They brought in horses. They brought in cadaver dogs. They brought in divers. It was just so hard because it was so wooded, So rugged terrain. I mean, you got cliffs and drop-offs. You got sinkholes that you could fit a car in, And there's too many snakes and all kinds of stuff. The terrain was so bad That is was really hard to search for her. They did thousands and thousands of miles for her, But we still just don't have anything. Police try to locate brooke's cellphone Hoping it will give them some clues. They kept pinging this phone trying to find her, But finally, I guess, the phone went dead, And once its dead you can't ping it. When police pulled brooke's cellphone records, They see hundreds of calls and texts Have come into her phone From concerned family and friends, But there's nothing outgoing after the 5:30 a.M. Text she sent to her ex. How could this beautiful young girl, Who had her whole life ahead of her, Just vanish into thin air? She went to a birthday party. She left from family. Everything was golden. 100% perfect, smiling face, giggling, Laughing, full of life, And in less than 24 hours we have nothing. The madison county teenager disappeared. Jared, brooke's ex-boyfriend is brought in for questioning, But he has an air-tight alibi. He was working at the factory all night. The man who owns the house is also questioned, And so is everyone else who attended the outdoor party Brooke went to that night, But police don't name anyone a suspect And seem to have very little to go on. In the small town of berea, rumors begin to run wild. Some people speculate that brooke's disappearance Could be related to other troubling unsolved cases. Since 2005, more than a dozen women, all with blond hair, Have gone missing in the heartland area. What if brooke has been kidnapped? That's terrible. I would rather her just be gone Than sitting in someone's basement. I have three little girls, And my biggest fear would be somebody snatching them up Because you hear about sex trafficking so much, People just getting abducted, and that scares me to death. Like, that's my greatest fear. But it's hard to imagine how brooke could have been abducted. The house where she was last known to be Is in the middle of nowhere on a quiet cul-de-sac. And I just don't see her taking off walking anywhere. I just don't think that she just got picked up by someone random. Brooke also knew people in the area, So if she was in trouble, why didn't she try to get help? Her Sunday school teachers was straight across the street, Right on the other side. She could have went across the street, Used the phone and said, "mom, come get me." Whatever happened to brooke, Her family believes something went terribly wrong in the hour Between the time she texted her ex-boyfriend Saying, "I'm scared," And that last strange text about going to a party. I don't believe the last text was something she wrote. I don't believe that text was even hers. But if it wasn't brooke who sent that last text from her phone, Then who did, and what have they done to brooke? In June 2013, 18-year-old brooke farthing Disappears without a trace in the small town of Berea, kentucky. Since brookelyn's disappearance Thousands of acres have been searched. We've tried to leave no stone unturned. The last place she was known to be Is a house where there was a fire. The guy that owned the house Said that she was sitting on the couch smoking, And that he thinks that she fell asleep And the cigarette caught the couch on fire. The couch yields no clues because it is burnt to a crisp. The man who owns the house maintains that he knows nothing And had no involvement in brooke's disappearance. I'm not happy with his story. I don't believe his story. Brooke's family fears the worst. Something was on that couch, And he knew that he had to get rid of it. In brooke's last text at 5:30 a.M., She said she was heading to a party in rockcastle, But investigators never find any evidence That there really was a party, And brooke never mentioned it to anyone else. And I was like, "who the heck does brooke know in rockcastle?" She told me that she was going to get a ride with jared. She was going to come home, leave the door unlocked, So I did that, and she never came home. There's one more thing. The man who owns the house where brooke Was last seen works in road maintenance, Which means he knows the backwoods of berea Inside and out, and brooke's family believes That if anyone would know where to hide a body, it's him. He knew all the back dump roads Because he worked for the county road department. He took them everyday. I mean, he knew every part of the land Back through there, every drop-off, side road. I mean, he just knew everything. But the man continues to maintain his innocence And soon one year passes into another with no new leads. Today marks 3 years Since a madison county teenager disappeared. It's now been 5 years since madison county teenager Brookelyn farthing disappeared overnight. Six years after brooke vanished her case remains a mystery, And police are still searching for answers. We're looking for somebody that can actually come forward And lay it out for us. Brookelyn farthing's family is still looking for her. I think that is the hardest part, um, Is not having any answers. We leave it in law enforcement's hands Because, I mean, what else do you do? Investigators continue to receive tips But say they don't yet have enough evidence To name a suspect or a person of interest. We've talked to a number of people During the course of our investigation, And somebody knows what happened to brookelyn. We're not allowed to release suspect information Without having enough information to charge somebody. I think what has really stalled the case Is that there's no body. Brooke's family has resigned themselves To the sobering reality that she may not be alive. It's easier, for me, just to think that she's dead. If I spent everyday thinking, you know, She was possibly somewhere alive, It would drive me crazy. And it doesn't even make a difference If I think she's dead or not. It's just that she's out there. I can't get to her, and I need my baby back home. She needs to be respected enough to have a grave to go to. The family has put up a $14,000 reward for information. They maintain a facebook page and a website, Find brooke farthing, In the hopes that someone will come forward. People still call. People still facebook and say, you know, we're still here. We haven't forgot about you. We're still praying. They are determined to get justice. There's some days, you know, My mom can't get out of the bed because of it. The person, whoever done this to brooke, I don't know how they sleep at night, And he's going to pay one day. And more than anything, they want answers. They just want to know where brooke is. Sometimes you don't get all the answers, And I may have to live my whole life With never seeing this child again, So I pray for an end for it. Please, have mercy on us. Let us know where she's at. I just want my baby back. Will brookelyn ever be found dead or alive? Nearly 3,000 miles away in canada, Another family has been waiting even longer for justice. This unsolved mystery begins in the small quiet town Of saanich in victoria, british columbia. It's beautiful place, friendly people. Everyone kind of knows each other and knows of each other. We all felt very safe. In 2008, 24-year-old lindsay buziak Is on her way to becoming one of saanich's Top real-estate agents. She was one of the youngest real -estate agents. Everybody thought very highly of her. She was ambitious. She was a very good saleswoman Because she knew what she wanted, And she was going for it. Lindsay is known for her big heart and warm personality. Lindsay was literally the most vivacious person You've ever met in your life. She was that shining star that just made you feel great, Made you feel at ease. She was such a social person. Everybody loved her. Lindsay makes work her top priority. Her phone was never off. She was always answering e-mails and phone calls And text messages and making sure That she was there for her customers all the time. She was the definition of a boss babe Before that was even anything. But lindsay's love life is important to her too, And after a few years of being on-again, off-again She's recently moved in with her boyfriend jason zailo. Lindsay and jason had a great relationship. I thought he was a great guy. In January 2008, lindsay gets promising news. She's contacted by a couple who wants to see One of her company's most expensive listings. When lindsay got the call To sell this million-dollar house, She called me immediately. She was just real excited because she thought okay, If I can, you know, get this sale, What kind of doors will that open up for me? Little does anyone realize What a nightmare it's about to turn into. There was a 911 call. It's the worst possible scenario You could ever live in your life. Lindsay buziak is a successful real-estate agent In her small canadian hometown in saanich, british columbia. In late January 2008, a woman calls about buying a home In the million-plus price range. Exactly the kind of high-end sale and big commission That lindsay strives for. She wanted to get into the multi-million dollar sales And do the high-end luxury sales, And she was so driven to get there. I know that all she wanted to do was to be able to, Like, take care of mom and dad and, you know, help our family And make sure that her people are taken care of. There's one thing about the call that seems odd. Lindsay isn't the agent listed on the house The woman says she and her husband want to see. The woman called lindsay on her cellphone which surprised her. They named a client of lindsay's and said, "oh, your client told us to call you." The woman is also insistent that they only want to see One house, which is brand-new and was just built. They aren't interested in seeing anything else. They seemed to be a bit illusive. They were very defined what they needed And that only seemed to be able to be answered by one house. As eager as lindsay is to make the sale, She begins to feel uneasy. She's troubled by the woman's heavy spanish-sounding accent. She felt they were putting on the accent. Lindsay was very, very nervous about the showing. For reassurance, lindsay reaches out To the client the woman says referred her So she can find out more information, But the client doesn't respond. Lindsay decides to show the couple the house anyway, But tells her dad that she's going to ask her boyfriend, Jason, to tag along. She assured me that her boyfriend, jason, Would be there. Lindsay's boyfriend, jason zailo, Is a mortgage broker Who does the financing on most of her deals. A former semi-pro hockey player, jason is also a big guy. On the afternoon of Saturday, February 2, 2008, Lindsay and jason eat a late lunch together. They pay the bill at 4:24 p.M., and then leave in separate cars. Lindsay asks jason to meet her at the house at 5:30 p.M., But jason stops by an auto shop to see a friend first, And he loses track of time. Jason wasn't there. He was busy having a beer with his buddies Down on the auto detailing shop, and he was late. Jason texts lindsay at 5:29 p.M. To say he's on his way. "okay, I'll see you in a bit," she replies, "gotta go." Then, lindsay accesses the digital lock box Outside the house to retrieve the keys. Two prospective clients showed up to greet her at the door. Several independent witnesses saw them there. At 5:38 p.M., jason sends lindsay another text Telling her he's a few minutes away. This time, she doesn't respond. At 5:45 p.M., jason pulls up to the house, Which is one of only four homes on a well-kept cul-de-sac. He has a friend with him in the car. They both notice the front door of the house open And then close again. People were exiting the home as jason drove up, Saw them coming out the front door, And they darted back in. Jason claims that he assumed Lindsay was still showing the couple the house. So jason pulled ahead and parked and waited. He was sitting out in a vehicle On the pretext of keeping guard for lindsay. At one point, jason moves his car to another street. He waited for 20 minutes at least, So 10 minutes one spot, 10 minutes the other spot. Lindsay still doesn't respond to jason's text So a little after 6:00 p.M., He and his friend decide to go back to the house And walk up to the front door. It's locked, but jason can see Lindsay's shoes at the foot of the stairs. Something isn't right. He immediately dials 911. Jason and his friend notice that the patio doors At the back of the house are open, So they climb over a fence and rush inside. What jason discovers in the master bedroom suite Upstairs is horrifying. Lindsay buziak was found stabbed to death in a home in saanich. They stabbed her in excess of 40 times And slit her throat to the point of almost decapitation. I crumbled to the floor. It was something that you never want to hear -- Can dream of hearing in your life, And I was in disbelief. We never ever, ever could have thought that could be anything That would ever happen to us or to our lindsay. The violent killing sends shock waves Through the close-knit community. Stuff like that does not happen in victoria, b.C. It just doesn't. It doesn't make sense. Who would want a young woman like lindsay dead? Lindsay made friends with every single person she's ever met. She absolutely had no enemies. Police focus their investigation on those mysterious clients Who lured lindsay to the house. They've got several independent witnesses That saw a man and a woman outside Just before the murder time talking to lindsay. It was a couple that lindsay had never met before. Witnesses describe the couple as caucasian, Well-dressed and about 10 years older than lindsay. The description of the male is relatively general -- That he was in 30 to 40 years of age And about 6 feet tall with dark hair. The description that's given to the public about the female Is a little more specific. She's about 35 to 40 years old with short blond hair. She was wearing a distinctive dress, Something that really stood out. The unique dress has a red, black and white swirl pattern, And police have enough information about the woman Who was wearing it to create this sketch, But there's little else to go on. The couple has disappeared. Nobody in the neighborhood saw them leave the house, And nobody knows where they've gone, And investigators can't recover enough dna evidence To identify lindsay's attackers. Alarmingly, it appears that the crime scene Has been meticulously cleaned up. You would expect that given the severity of the attack That we may have had greater success With things such as dna or hair and fiber evidence, And the reality is is that that's not the case. It looked like somebody had gone To a very careful and methodical planning. There was little, if no, forensic evidence That they have to tie anyone to. Police only have one clue, A phone number scribbled in lindsay's date book. They trace the number to a prepaid cellphone Purchased at a convenience store in vancouver By someone using a fake name and a fake address. The phone was activated for the first time Right before the mystery couple contacted lindsay, And then on the day before she was murdered, The phone made its way from vancouver to saanich on a ferry. Since then, it's never been activated again. That cellphone, or that burner phone, has just disappeared. Could there be a connection between the phone, The mysterious couple and lindsay's murder. Whatever happened, rumors circulate That maybe lindsay's boyfriend is part of it. My intuition was telling me, "boyfriend, boyfriend, Boyfriend." To lindsay's family, jason's behavior is odd, And then there's this video. He did a re-enactment for the police a few days After she was murdered. And I was yelling. I was yelling out, like, "lindsay, lindsay, lindsay!" I just came running up the stairs. Lindsay's family thinks jason's calm demeanor In the video is strange. Did you see anything? Did you hear anything? Did you smell anything? Kind of put yourself back there into that... The time I got from the door To upstairs was probably 2 seconds. Okay, so you -- I was running up the stairs. Okay. Yeah. All we can go on is what we feel, What we understand, and certainly as a parent, You have a gut feeling of who you think was involved. And it's not just lindsay's family who wonders about jason. There are whispers in a small town That maybe he's hiding something. In early 2008, 24-year-old realtor Lindsay buziak is found violently stabbed to death In a house she was showing. The buyers she was meeting have vanished, And her family suspects The murder is the work of someone lindsay knew. The viciousness of her murder was personal. It was personal. It was personal. She was viciously stabbed, And that indicates a really strong motive of somebody With some pent-up rage in them, And I've only ever seen those type of murders In ones we call venting the tank Where it's been an enraged domestic situation Where somebody's just lost it and murdered somebody. Lindsay had asked her boyfriend, jason, to come to the house Because she was nervous about being alone With her mystery clients, but he didn't make it on time, And her family wants to know why he waited Before going inside the house, And why he moved his car to a different location. He arrived late, saw the people, drove by the house and parked. Who does that? Is that a caring, loving person who's going to sit there, Turn around, go park out on another street, Wait another 10 minutes before he does anything? Jason is questioned by police, but he has a solid alibi. Security footage shows him leaving an auto shop With a friend at 5:30 p.M., The very same time witnesses saw lindsay Greet her clients in the driveway. Investigators believe she died just moments afterwards, But jason didn't get to the house Until 15 minutes later. What's more, jason passes a polygraph test And insists that he would never hurt lindsay. After interviewing him several times, Police turn their attention elsewhere. He was finally cleared as a suspect. If it wasn't a crime of passion, Could it have been some kind of conspiracy? Police explore a new theory. They think lindsay's death might have something to do With a drug cartel. Investigators learn that while visiting her father in calgary In late 2007, Lindsay made contact on facebook with someone who was later Arrested in the bust of a major drug ring. Lindsay was associated with one individual That was arrested in calgary sometime before her murder, And he was in possession of a large amount of cocaine. That was in the middle of December, So it would have been December of '07, And then February of '08 she was executed. Is it possible there's a connection Between the drug bust and lindsay's murder? There's no question that lindsay had some form Of contact with this person, And that's not to say that she was involved In illegal activity herself, But she was the one degree removed from people That were involved at a high level. Police suggest that lindsay may have been targeted By someone who thought she was part of the drug ring, Or that she was a snitch. The theory that the saanich police are putting out Is that lindsay's murder was a mistake. Lindsay was killed Because somebody was worried she knew too much. One telling clue is that burner phone That was used to contact lindsay. It's one of the standard operating procedures Of drug traffickers to use phones That are difficult to trace. Investigators also believe the violent nature Of lindsay's death Fits with a drug-related execution, But her family doesn't buy any of it. Most of our friends dabbled in, you know, recreational drugs. Lindsay was my only friend Who never even remotely went there. Lindsay was not involved in the drug trade. She was not a rat. She was not a snitch. The person who was involved in the calgary drug bust -- She looked him up on facebook, and she tried his number. How do you turn that into a murder for hire? I think people create a story in their head Because they need a story. Two years pass with no developments, So in February 2010, On the second anniversary of her death, Lindsay's family partners with a real estate board To offer a $100,000 reward for information, But 2 more years pass and, there are still no leads. In 2012, lindsay's dad raises the reward to $500,000. He is so desperate to find his daughter's killers, He begs them to come forward and confess And makes a radical proposition. He also suggests that if someone comes forward, They could flee the country under a new identity. Everybody grieves differently, and for my dad, For him to turn over every rock And to look every angle and aspect of this, I admire that because I personally don't have That in me to do that. My mandate every day of my life Is I need to do something to see those people arrested And exposed for the horrific crime they took part in. The family sets up a website That's devoted to getting justice for lindsay. It's not until August 2017, 9 long years after her killing, That a troubling confession appears on the site. It reads, "I killed lindsay, And stupid cops will never prove it." I just remember instantly thinking it was just a hoax, Someone trying to maybe get some attention. Lindsay's name is misspelled in the confession, And the police soon announce that it's just a cruel stunt. The unsolved murder terrifies people In the small town of saanich. Police don't know who her killers are Or why they killed her. A local real-estate agent Creates an app called protect so other realtors Can use it to alert loved ones if they feel unsafe. There's a big help button. If they hit help, it alerts Their friends and family right away. People don't look at that the job of a realtor Or real-estate agent as a potentially dangerous job, Although we're putting ourselves out there With strangers every day, all day. 11 years after the murder, Saanich police say their investigation remains active, And they are convinced that someone in the community Could help them break the case open. Somebody knows something and eventually They'll come forward and say it. My experience in criminal investigation Is that the stranger the case facts, The closer the answer is to home. This was planned and executed by people close to lindsay buziak. That's my gut feeling. You just pray that either they can't live with themselves, Or they inform a loved one or slip somehow. You know, of course, there's people out there That know something that know clearly what they did. The most important thing, 11 years after the fact, Is that the truth come out And that someone who knows something comes forward And does the right thing. Lindsay's family wants the police to do more, And they're frustrated with how long it's taking to get answers. I'm pushing police all the time, And they're telling me to be patient. They're telling me these things take time. They tell us nothing. The police tell us nothing. We know lindsay's gone. We know she's not coming back. All I want here, is justice for my daughter, And it's their duty, their job to go out there And find out who killed my daughter and arrest them, And if they're not prepared to do that, I am going to push every day until that happens or I die. Solve the ****damn murder now! Will we ever know what really happened To lindsay buziak? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 