Medium: Season 5, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Medium 
 s5e2 - Things to Do in Phoenix When You're Dead - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Medium (2005–2011): Season 5, Episode 2 - Things to Do in Phoenix When You're Dead - full transcript 
 Allison dreams about a man who dies on what appears to be a hospital gurney but then sees his ghost observing a businessman choking a woman in a red cocktail dress. When she wakes the next morning, news reports confirm that the woman's body has been found. She tries to trace the identity of the dying man in her dreams but can find no record. She is stunned when she sees him, quite alive, sitting in a garden on the hospital grounds. In a subsequent dream, she sees the killer receiving a call from a blackmailer. So how does the ghost of man who is alive show up at a murder scene? Meanwhile, Ariel appears to react strangely when sharing a project with a classmate. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Can you give me a call when you get this? I had a dream last night. I saw a young woman get, uh, "redrum"ed. Maybe it's something. Maybe it's nothing. I don't know. Give me a call. Yes, indeed, nothing like a little redrum to get you going in the morning. What is redrum, Mommy? Oh, come on, everybody knows that "redrum" is just "murder" spelled... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Bridge, hey, little ears. That's why we use code words. Oh, sorry. It's okay. Just be careful. What's redrum? It's a kind of ice cream that the tooth fairy gives you if you're good. Thank you. Today is an excellent day. Really? How is that possible? It's barely begun. Well, today is the day I find out 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 who I'm having a baby with in wellness class. Please tell me that's code for something. You know what I mean. All the sophomores have to do it. You get paired with a "marriage partner," and, uh, then Mr. Parks gives us a baby and we have to take care of it for a week. Really? A baby? It's not a real baby; it's this expensive doll, but it's almost as real as a real baby. They cry and coo and burp and wet themselves. Mm, sounds like fun. It's serious. It's ten percent of your grade, and it's just... it'd be nice if I ended up with somebody I kind of liked as a husband. I've always found that to be helpful. Hey, Bridge, can you turn that back a channel? Mm-hmm. This was the scene this morning as Finley Park rangers discovered the bludgeoned body of a young woman, identified as Kimberly Weeks. What happened? Lady ate too much redrum. Right, Mom? Hey, Lee. Hey. What are you doing here? Hey, I saw you on the news. I thought I'd come by, maybe you'd give me an autograph. Did you get my message? I might have dreamt about this. Young woman, red cocktail dress? Yeah. Don't suppose you saw who did it. Male, Caucasian, 50s-ish, nice suit, driving a luxury SUV. You got a good look at this guy, huh? Front seat, 3:00 A.M. show. But here's the best part. The girl scratched her killer's face before she died-- deep gouges. I'm sure that you're going to find a wealth of DNA under that poor girl's fingernails. I beg to differ. I don't think we're going to find much of anything under her fingernails. Somebody removed her fingernails? Ripped 'em right out. Must have happened after he smashed her in the head with the rock. Must have happened after I woke up. That's why I'm always hanging around till the credits are over. They're always putting in extra things during the credits these days. Will you excuse me a second? Are you okay? I saw what happened to you last night at the hospital. I'm so sorry. I can see you. I can see people like you. I really need to talk to you about what you witnessed... here last night. Meet me over there by the bathrooms in about five minutes. Cal Jacobs and-- let's see-- Marissa Masters. You are the proud parents of a baby girl. Hey, Ash, who's left other than Adam and Marcos? We're not out of the woods yet. We've still got the Unabomber. Jack White... and Ashley Whitaker. I am so sorry. Adam Mankowicz and Ariel Dubois. Thanks. Look what we made, Mrs. Mankowicz. Yeah. Um, so I'll take the first shift. I got an away game on Tuesday. Can you take her for the next two nights? Sure. Sweet. I'll call you. If you were anyone else, I'd have you arrested for intent to solicit. You've been standing outside this men's room for the past 20 minutes. What can I say? Times are tough. I saw someone in the crowd that I knew, and I thought we were going to meet up here after I was done, but... Well, we're about to wrap it up across the street, so I'm gonna take off. If you want to meet me back at the station, we can work up a sketch of the killer you saw in your dream. Unless you got other business here. Funny-- you're funny, funny, funny. We aim to please. Okay, girls are down. Well, two out of three. Who's the holdout? The one busy writing "Mrs. Ariel Mankowicz" on every available inch of her notebook. The good news is she's considering hyphenating. I'm trying to steer her towards Dubois-Mankowicz over the less husband-friendly Mankowicz-Dubois. What you looking at? Mug books. Trying to see if there's anyone in here who even looks vaguely similar to the man I saw kill that girl last night. Oh, yeah, any luck? Nope, it was a long shot. The man in my dream wasn't a career criminal. He looked like an executive or a lawyer or some successful businessman. What I can't figure out is why that ghost didn't help me. He saw everything. I know. Would it have killed him to talk to you? Not funny. I put today's mail on your desk, sir. Fine. Hold all my calls. Yes? You make it to work okay this morning? Excuse me? May I ask who's calling? You were a busy boy last night. I'm... I'm sorry. Who-Who am I talking to? Someone who knows everything about the last two minutes of poor Kimberly Weeks' life. That was her real name, you know. Or maybe you didn't, but I do. I know everything: how it went from playful to really, really rough. What do you want? $500,000. I-I... I don't... I don't have that-that kind of money. Oh, I bet you can get your hands on it. And that's why I sent you a little incentive. Do you see a brown paper package lying on your desk? Yes. Go on. Open it. Take a look inside. Oh! Oh, my God. First one's on the house... So in addition to looking for a killer, we're now supposed to be looking for someone who's blackmailing the killer? One fingernail at a time. Hey, if we can't keep the world safe for murderers... Any clue as to the, uh, identity of this woman? No. I didn't see her face. I only heard her voice. But she knew everything about the killer. And clearly, he didn't know anything about her. Maybe it was someone she worked with. Worked? I thought she was a student at Mesa University. Yeah. Well, we have reason to believe that what you witnessed wasn't just the end of a date gone wrong. It appears Kimberly helped pay her tuition by, uh, entertaining men. Nights. Weekends. We're following up some leads. Looking at her computer and cell phone. Trying to see if anybody matches the description of that businessman. Well, whoever this blackmailer is, one thing seems pretty clear. She was a witness to Kimberly's murder. So, if Allison's dream is accurate, she knows how to contact the killer. Sounds like if we find her, we can find him. Looks like you survived your first night. Yeah. Sorry about all the phone calls. No. It's, uh... it's okay. This baby should really come with a Get Out of Trig Test Free or something. I don't know how I gonna stay awake for my next exam. She woke me up four times last night. Well, I don't know. You look pretty comfortable with her. Yeah, well, it's kind of like holding a football. Well, you can pass her to me now. Are you all right? I feel really great. Just a little dizzy. But, uh, Maybe you can just put her in here. Yeah, all right. You should have seen the look on their faces when I told them we needed to be looking for a blackmailer and a killer. Oh, that brings back memories. Ariel, tend to your child. She can't hear you. I can't hear me. Ariel?! Hey! Ariel! I sang to her, I told her some jokes, but she's still crying. Bridgette, don't play with that. That's Ariel's wellness project. But I'm baby-sitting. Ariel's paying me a dollar an hour. She's paying you to do her homework? All right. You take that baby back to Ariel, and you tell her that your shift is over. And if she can't stop her child from crying, I'm gonna call social services on her. But I still got my dollar, right? Who am I talking to? Someone who knows about the last two minutes of poor Kimberly Weeks' life. That was her real name, you know. Or maybe you didn't, but I do. I know everything: where you took her; how it went from playful to rough to really, really rough. What-What do you want? $500,000. I don't... I don't have that kind of money. Oh, I bet you can get your hands on it. That's why I sent you a little incentive. Do you, uh, see a brown paper package lying on your desk? Yes. Go on. Open it. Take a look inside. Oh. Oh, my God. First one's on the house. The other nine are gonna cost you. Ariel?! Ariel! Suddenly, I'm not looking forward to being a grandfather. OBITUARIES. Nope. I'm not there. I somehow managed to survive the night. What are you doing up, huh? It's barely 6:30. You're all dressed; you're ready for work. I couldn't sleep. I decided I'd come out here and try to find my ghost. The one I keep seeing in my dreams. First he's on hand to witness a murder. The next day, he's at the crime scene. Now, according to my dream last night, he's spending time with the blackmailer, listening in on her phone calls. What are you saying? That he's following the same case you are? Well, it seems that way. All the more reason for me to try to find him. Clearly, this guy knows more about this whole thing than I do. So, what are you looking at? I mean, how do you track a ghost, exactly? Is there some kind of secret Web site? Nah. Look, according to my dream, he died the same night that girl Kimberly did. So I've been looking through the obituaries for last night and today, but I'm not finding anything. Maybe you're going at it from the other direction. Meaning? Well, you know, when old Mrs. What's-Her-Name down the street died... ...it took her husband, like, three weeks after the funeral to get around to putting an obit in the paper. The obituary writer is, like, the last guy to know when someone dies. You need to find the first guy. You're right. White Peaks Regional Hospital. May I put you on hold for just one moment? I'm sorry. We can't release a patient's personal health information without a court order. I understand. Really, I do, and as I told you, I work for the District Attorney's office, and I'm not asking for any personal information. I just wanted to know if a man matching the description I gave you died here, and if he did, what his name is. Please. It pertains to the murder of a young woman. You say he was Caucasian? Around 30? Well... if I could tell you what you want me to tell you, I wouldn't have anything to tell you. Mind if I have a seat? Is that your wife and daughter? They must miss you terribly. Listen, who... who are you, and-and what do you want? I told you what I wanted that day in the park. I want to know what you know about the murder of Kimberly Weeks. I know you saw the whole thing. I... I have no idea what you're talking about. You know exactly what I'm talking about. You were there the night that she died. You were there the next day at the crime scene. And then you listened in while a woman tried to blackmail the murderer. Listen, I know you are going through a terribly difficult time, trying to deal with your mortality; to make peace with the fact that your life is over. It's a huge adjustment. But I really need your help. Did you see me, Daddy? - Yeah. - Did you see me? Yes, I saw you, sweetheart. Now, come on. Go grab Mommy. It's almost time to go. Look, uh, I don't know who you are or what you think you know, uh, but, uh, I have surgery in 20 minutes, so I'd appreciate it IF YOU LET ME AND MY FAMILY FINISH OUR LUNCH. So let me see if I understand this. This looks exactly like the woman you saw blackmailing Kimberly Weeks' killer, but you don't want us to distribute it? That's right. Any particular reason? I guess I'm just not certain of the accuracy of my dreams pertaining to this case. The-The description I gave you of that woman-- I'm not sure I can stand behind it. Am I allowed to ask what triggered this crisis in confidence? It's a long story. In my dreams, I saw someone, a ghost, who witnessed both the murder and the blackmail. A ghost? He died of cardiac arrest a few minutes before Kimberly found herself in the car with her killer. And I've been searching for him, this-this ghost, ever since that night to see what he knows, to see what he saw. And I actually found him this morning. The problem is, he's about as far from dead as you can possibly get. He's actually alive and well and living in Scottsdale. The ghost? His name is Dr. Brian Seward. He's a surgeon at White Peaks Regional Hospital. Obviously, he's not dead. Obviously, he didn't see anything. Which makes me wonder if any of the things I saw, or any of the things that I dreamt actually happened the way that I saw them. Hey, Ariel, I'm on a work call here. Can you please take care of that baby? Mitch, hold on one second, will you? Allison?! I'm giving Marie a bath. Ariel?! Bridgette! I don't have it. And Ariel's in her room with the door shut. Look, sorry, Mitch. Can I call you right back? Thanks. Ariel! Ariel! Hey. Yeah, Dad? Do you not hear this? Sorry, Dad. "Sorry, Dad"? Is that the best you can do? You need to do a better job of taking care of that baby, young lady. That is your assignment. That's not your mother's. It's not your sister's. It's not mine. It's yours. No. I know. I just, uh, I don't know. I don't really want to move. I don't want to think. I just want to lay down and listen to music. What's going on with you? You feeling all right? No... I feel really good. I just... kinda hungry. But really good. Sorry about the crying. Do you think Mom bought chips? If she weren't our daughter, I would have sworn she was high as a kite. Don't say that. Hey, I'm just telling you what I saw. She even went looking for munchies. Did somebody scream? Hey, you all right? What's going on? There was a man in the house. He was standing right there. What are you talking about? I was, um, I was feeding the baby, and-and I got hungry so I went for a snack and then I came back and saw him standing right there, listening to what you guys were saying. He was outside our door? Sweetie, there's no one here. I screamed and he disappeared. Where did he go? I don't know! He was there, and then he was gone. Okay, I'm going to go check the house. You, you stand over there. Be careful, Joe. Here. Okay, well, I don't understand. Did he say anything? What did he look like? He didn't look like anything. He was just standing there listening to what you and Daddy were saying. I don't know. He had, um, sandy hair and, uh, wearing a white coat. Wait, wait, a white coat like a doctor's coat? I checked inside. I checked outside. Nothing. This house is sealed up tight as a drum. I don't know what to tell you. I thought this bed would be wall-to-wall girls by the time I climbed back into it. Everyone's in their rooms. Everyone's in their beds. I'm concerned about Ariel. I'm telling you something's not right. She's acting very strangely. All this snacking? And now she's seeing people who aren't there. I don't know about that seeing people that aren't there part. I mean, the man that she described sounded an awful lot like that Dr. Brian Seward I spoke with today. The living dead guy? Allison, come on, I just checked every window and every door. No human being could get in here. Well, what about a ghost? Honestly, honey, he's not a ghost. Come on, you just said yourself you saw him today, interacting with his kid. Didn't you say he's a, like a registered surgeon at that hospital? Yes. Okay, so either he's alive and running around playing with his kids, or he's dead and... and scaring the heck out of mine, but he can't be both. Right? Right. Just do me a favor. Just keep an eye on Ariel tomorrow. And then when I get home, we'll compare notes, okay? Of course. Okay, Victoria. It's time. You okay? Yeah, I'm okay. Victoria. That was a close one. Just tell me you saw something good. Someone really rich doing something really bad? Actually, I didn't just see something good. I saw a gold mine. You were at my house last night, weren't you? Don't even bother denying it. I think I know what you're up to, Dr. Seward, and I'm not going to let you get away with it. Okay. Exactly what have I been up to? I-I don't know what kind of weird adrenaline junkie you are. I don't know how you figured out how to do it, but you're killing yourself a little bit, making yourself into a ghost so you can see people's secrets, and then you bring yourself back to life so you and your partner can blackmail them. Wow. You, you actually said that out loud in front of an adult. I admire your courage. But you must know how absurd that sounds. Well, don't worry about it. I don't have to prove the "absurd" part. I just have to prove that you're a blackmailer. And it's only a matter of time until I do. And in the meantime, stay away from my house. Stay away from my family. Stay away from me. You know, it's not what you think. I'm not some greedy, thrill-seeking bastard. I'm dying. You see this oval here? That's a tumor. Apparently, it's been growing in my brain for at least five years. Yeah, I had no idea. I mean, I used to get headaches, but who doesn't? And then, one day last September, um, I just collapsed. I was clinically dead for almost three minutes. And I remembered every moment of it. I could choose to be anywhere, watch anything, anyone I wanted to see, and they couldn't see me. And just as I was getting the hang of it, I was back. They shocked my heart, and I was back. That's when I got the good news. 18 months to live. Two years tops. I'm so sorry. Yeah, you and me both. Look... I'm only a resident. Okay, I drop dead tomorrow, no medical bills, I will still leave my wife with a hundred thousand dollars of med school tuition I owe, not to mention the mortgage, my daughter's school. I mean, come on. It's kind of genius. You stop the heart with a few ccs of diazepam. You get a whole three minutes before brain damage sets in. After that, it's just CPR 101. Every ambulance driver in the country is trained on how to bring the dead back to life. You think it's depraved, don't you? Well, I think there has to be another way. What you're doing is illegal. And it's dangerous. What if you don't make it back next time? Where does that leave your wife and daughter? You don't understand. I don't have a choice. No, you don't understand: there is no choice. I will bring a case against you. Even if you're right, even if I can't prove it, is that really how you want to spend this little bit of time you have left-- putting your family through the stress and the expense of a trial? So what exactly is it that you want? I want you to stop. I want you to give me the name of the man who murdered Kimberly Weeks. And in return? In return, this conversation will stay in this room. Okay, I'll tell you what. I'll throw in the nine bloody fingernails that will prove that the man whose name I'm going to give you is the one who killed her in exchange for your word. My word? That the man isn't arrested until after 5:00 today. Why? Are you and your partner getting paid off at 4:59? Do we have a deal? What if I say no? I might just forget the man's name. I might just lose those fingernails. I have something at stake. You have something at stake. That's why they call it a deal. Sorry. I don't know what happened to me yesterday. I was like a dead person. Yeah, I noticed. Totally spaced. I couldn't do a thing but lay on my bed. And then when I saw the dead guy, I couldn't sleep. So I had to wake up this morning at 4:30 to do my homework. But you're feeling all right now? No, I'm fine. I'm just, uh, a little tired, but fine. Oh, look, uh, there's Adam. Great. I can, uh... it's his turn. So I can give him the baby now. OK. Good driving, sweetie. Now you have a great day. Mom will pick you up this afternoon. Whoa. You okay? No, I just... everything's kind of starting to spin. Ariel? Gee, I could really go for a cookie. Ariel, look at you. I don't really think I can do that. Give me that doll. That was weird. You feel okay now? Yeah. What are you doing? I don't know. It seemed like that when the doll was in the back seat, you were fine, and then as soon as you got close to it... But I don't smell anything. Here, give me the doll. I'll give it to Adam before the bell rings. Hey, you know what? You go ahead to class. I'll give the doll to Adam. But... Dad, I mean, what if the teacher sees? The teacher's not going to see. You go ahead. You go to class. Let me give the doll to Adam. Dad... Ariel, I'll give the doll to Adam. Hey, Adam. Adam Mankowicz? Hi. It's nice to meet you. I guess you could say that I'm your father-in-law. Joe Dubois. Ariel's father. Nice to meet you, sir. Special delivery. Thank you. You gonna be okay looking after her? Your eyes look a little red. No, sir. I'm fine. I... I have allergies. Really? Yeah. How often do you get these allergies? I mean, are we talking every night? After school? Before school? How about at night, when your parents aren't home? I really need to go. Do your parents even know about these allergies? Hmm? No, I didn't think so. So let me ask you something. The other night, when it was your turn to take care of the baby, did you have allergies then? I might have. Well, guess what, son? You're getting a divorce. What? That's right. And you've won sole custody of that baby. You're gonna raise her on your own from now until the end of the assignment. Wait. No, no, no. That's not fair, because me and Ariel are supposed to finish this project together. Adam, you wouldn't want me to have to tell your parents about these allergies of yours, would you? You can't do that; that's blackmail. Maybe you'd like to take this up with your ex mother-in-law, who works for Phoenix Police Department? No, sir. Then we understand each other? Oh, and, Adam, if I ever get the sense that you've given my daughter your allergies, I know where to find you. Local attorney Patrick Davidson was arrested today for the murder of Mesa University student Kimberly Weeks. Police say that an anonymous tip led them to the discovery of nine of the victims' fingernails, which were apparently removed shortly after the murder. The fingernails, all of them covered with the lawyer's DNA, helped seal the case against Davidson... Good. Good for you. Well, good for everybody, I hope. What is that supposed to mean? Well, I don't know. I just don't feel right about Dr. Seward just walking away from this whole thing with a half a million dollars of ill-gotten gains. It's for his family. I know, that's what I keep telling myself. But we-we can't stop. Not now. Well, I-I... I don't know what to tell you, Vic. Tell me, you'll do it again. At least one more time. After that, if you want to walk away... Think of your family, Brian. A quarter of a million dollars is nothing. Once you're gone, what do you suppose they're going to live on? You don't understand; I don't have a choice. Okay? That woman from the DA's office... What about her? Does she have a badge? A gun? She's just a fortune-teller, Brian. She can't tell anyone about us. No one would believe her. We ended up on her radar because the man we were blackmailing was the #1 suspect in a murder investigation. From now on, we just pick someone who is of no interest to the DA's office-- some rich guy, cheating on his wife. She'll never even know. 10:17... Mrs. James Richardson, do you know where your beloved husband is? I'm betting you don't. Good thing you're a banker, pal. It's going to cost you. Okay, Victoria, hit me with the paddles. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 