Medium: Season 5, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Medium 
 s5e4 - ...About Last Night - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Medium (2005–2011): Season 5, Episode 4 - ...About Last Night - full transcript 
 Allison has a serious memory lapse and can't account for her absence. One moment she's in the grocery store parking lot talking to Ariel on her cellphone and the next - six hours later - she wakes up under a freeway overpass. She is soon dreaming about a hit and run victim and fears that she may have been the driver of the car. Her undamaged car is recovered minus her purse which she eventually retrieves from a dumpster. The purse however contains a human hand in a plastic bag. Ariel has reached a certain age - where she can get her learner's permit and start driving. Joe is enthused at the prospect of giving his daughter driving lessons but becomes frustrated when she anticipates everything he is about to say. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Got it. 15-and-a-half. You're 15-and-a-half. Okay. Honey, you know what? I am still at the supermarket and it's 5:30. If I don't get off the phone and get these groceries in the car, daddy's going to beat me home. I promise. We'll talk about it tonight. - Hello? - Allison. Are you all right? Where are you? Where've you been? I'm okay, I think. My head hurts. My whole body hurts. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Is that Mom? Is she okay? - Where are you? I don't know. I'm in the middle of nowhere. I hear a freeway over my head. There's a street sign. It says "181st Street." Stay right there. I'm going to come and get you. I call the police and tell them I found you. You called the police? Allison, you've been missing for six hours. What happened to you? I have no idea. Okay, follow my finger. Can you tell me the last thing you remember? I don't know. I was leaving the supermarket. I was talking to my eldest daughter on the phone. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Let's start with the good news. There's no evidence of a concussion. No sign of sexual assault. But she lost six hours of her life. She can't remember anything before waking up in the middle of 181st Street. I understand, Mr. Dubois, but I'm guessing something fairly traumatic happened at the time that she can't account for. And now the mind is doing what it can to block out, or suppress, those unpleasant memory. That's what it's built to do. So, what do we do now? Whatever happened tonight, it'll come back to you eventually. There's nothing to deal with until it does. Do you think the police will find the car? I don't know. I don't care. I found you. Anything after that... These are for you. Pancakes? I have a bump on my head. You didn't have to. We missed you and we were scared for you. And we just wanted to make you something special. So you got Daddy to make me pancakes? It was the least we could do. So how does it feel? The bump, I mean. Not great, but nothing that a pancake can't cure. What do you got there? Remember what I was telling you about yesterday? About turning 15-and-a-half? What is it? It's an application for my learner's permit. - I need you and Dad to sign it. - Wait a second. There's got to be some kind of mistake. Didn't I just take the training wheels off your bike? Didn't you just learn to ride a two-wheeler? Can't believe my baby's actually old enough to get behind the wheel. Wait. You mean, Ariel's gonna drive? Like, a car? Here you sign this. I'll get the door. Good morning to you, too. Would you like a cup of coffee? We talked to everybody we could find at the supermarket, no witnesses. Nobody saw anything. And they would've had to, right? It was still daylight. Makes no sense. Notwithstanding the fact that you remember nothing from the time you approached your car, we think the attack must have happened after you left that parking lot. But why would anyone attack me? It's not like I was carrying a lot of money. It's not like I have a fancy car. Crime of opportunity? Some addict need a couple bucks and a ride to his dealer. You were at a traffic light. I'm just guessing. We've got an APB out on your car, your bank's checking your credit cards to see if anybody used them last night. Beyond that, until you remember something... That's quite a conking you took on your noggin. If it were me, I'd stay home. I don't have a car at the moment, so... I guess that's the plan, whether I like it or not. Though I have plenty to keep me busy. My wallet being stolen, I've got to get a new driver's license, new credit cards... Hold on, I want to show you something. It's not my handwriting. I don't know where it came from, what it means. "1927 Hennepin." It should be easy enough to check out. Girls, we're leaving in five minutes! Is Ariel driving?! Don't ask. Hello? If I sent a squad car around for you, would you meet me at the morgue? Hit and run. Happened sometime last night. Ask me where. Where? That address you gave me, 1927 Hennepin. Name's Diego Molina, undocumented alien. That lumberyard down the street said they used him as a day laborer from time to time. You don't remember yet how that paper came to be in your pocket, do you? No, I wish I did. I'm completely baffled, Lee. It was just... it was there when I came to on the sidewalk. You're not going to believe this, but I found myself getting very excited today about the prospect of teaching our eldest how to drive. That stings. You'll get over it. Tell you what, you can teach Bridgette how to drive when she's old enough. I'm not talking about that but about that goo you're pressing on my forehead. - You're pushing too hard, it stings. - Sorry. And I'm afraid bandage wise, all we have in the house is SpongeBob. - Are you kidding? - No, I know. You'd like a Kim Possible bandage, but we're all out. So you're okay with it? - With what? - If I take her driving first? I guess so. I don't even have a car at the moment. It's just there's something about it, you know, a father teaching his kid how to drive. I let you have the birds and the bees and all of that female hygiene stuff. - You let me have that? - You know what I mean. If there's been something you've been dying to tell her about... I don't know, pads or flow or bloating... - You're playing dirty now. - I'm sure she'd love to hear from you, - given your vast experience. - Okay. I'm going to sleep now. Maybe I could do a little studying up and teach one of the young'uns about how there's different peddles on the car, and one makes one go, one makes one stop. - Good night now. - You know, a mom can always dream. I can't hear you, sleeping. Why? Why? Look at what I've done. It's all my fault. He knew me! He looked up at me and he asked, "Why?" Are you listening? It's 2:00 in the morning. Why are you splashing water on your face? My wife just woke me up to tell me that she thinks that she might've killed a man. I guess I just wanted to be really sure I was awake and really hearing right. What is that? I hate that! The way you talk to me. I just told you. I think I killed someone. And you're acting annoyed! Like, "Why are you making all this trouble? Why are you making my life so complicated?" Hold on, I'm not annoyed, but I am skeptical. And I guess I don't understand why you're not. What is there to be skeptical about? The doctor said that I... I'd probably experienced a traumatic event. Well, I can't imagine anything more traumatic than mowing another human being over with my car. All right, Allison, but you can't be absolutely certain that you did it. It's not like you saw yourself mow him down. I don't need to see it! Obviously, I'm being spared from seeing it. - Maybe. - "Maybe"? I don't know. Why would you be chasing a man with your car? Doesn't that sound out of character for you? I need to call Devalos. I think there's a really good chance that I did this. I think there's a really good chance that you did not. Allison, for God's sake, you went through so much the other night. We all went through so much the other night. Can't we please, just this once, take a breath?! Okay, before you turn your whole life upside down? Before you turn all of our lives upside down? Okay, let's just wait and see if the police find your car. See if there's some witnesses who might be able to shed some light on what happened. Something other than two disconnected dreams. Thank you. Hey, sorry it took so long. Traffic. I asked the officer if he could, you know, run the siren, but he ignored me. I filled Manny in on what happened the other night. Your missing six hours and all. Your bank finally called. Turns out there was some credit card activity on your account the night you were attacked. Wait a second. Somebody used my credit cards? Do they know who? Actually, they do. This is a security camera tape from one of those big box home improvement stores, Builder's Bonanza. Look familiar? Not really. At 8:34, two days ago, you, Allison Dubois, went shopping at Builder's Bonanza. You kidding? What did I buy? Apparently, you purchased a... 27-inch hand saw and a 12-pack of ziplock bags. I have absolutely no recollection of this. That's the merchant's copy of the receipt you signed. This is weird. Doesn't even look like my handwriting. Allison, obviously that's you on the tape. Okay, I'm guessing that we're a lot more excited about this than you are. We don't have any footage of you getting hit, but it's got to be a relief to know that for at least part of that time, you were just shopping. Well, I suppose so. And I know we haven't found your car just yet, but the fact that at least up until just before 9:00 you're still using your credit card leads me to think that when we do find your car, we might even find your purse safely inside it. Who knows? Maybe you weren't attacked at all. Maybe something fell on you, knocked you out. Your car was parked safely around the corner, and now it's sitting in a tow yard somewhere because you ran out of time on the meter. I got to pick up your sisters in about 25 minutes. How about a driving lesson in the meantime? Really? Okay, now... whoa, whoa... Before you take off the brake, before you put it in gear, let's have a little chat. Now, listen, sweetie, nobody likes to be told what to do or how to do things, all right, but when it comes to driving, I've been doing this for 20 years, okay? I know, Dad. So if I ask you to do something, you got to do it, don't think about it, don't talk about it, just do it. This is almost 3,000 pounds of machinery that we're sitting in here. Like I said, I've been doing this for 20 years. So if I tell you to slow down, slow down. If I tell you to turn the wheel or hit the break, do it. Afterwards, when we're parked, we can talk about anything you'd like, but while we're on the road, I'm the boss, okay? - You're the boss, Dad. - Okay, all right, pumpkin. Okay, so mirrors are adjusted. Seat belts are on. Mirrors adjusted, seat belts on. Good, okay, so now take off the emergency brake... Move the gearshift to "D." Lift my foot off the brake. Gently apply it to the accelerator, turn the wheel and enter the flow of traffic. - That's good, that's good. - Sorry. You know just what to do. Let's play "Who's the Psychic?" - Pardon me? - Who's the psychic, you or me? I'm sorry, I have no idea what you're talking about. Wasn't I the one who said that your car is just fine, probably sitting in an impound lot somewhere? What are you trying to tell me? City Impound just called looking for you... here's the address. - The "N" bus will take you right to it. - Oh, my God, this is wonderful news. Didn't you say you thought that your purse was still in the car? They're gonna want 160 bucks. Pay me back tomorrow. I don't get it. What is there to get? It was the most frustrating experience. I'm not talking about you teaching Ariel to drive. I'm talking about this. I mean, look at it. There is not a mark on it. Look, there's not a ding or a dent. There's not a dent or a ding because it wasn't involved in a collision with a human being or with anything else for that matter. - And that's good news, by the way. - Yeah, it is... I guess why I never actually saw the accident is the accident never happened. That's the theory I'm embracing. Just wish I knew where my purse was. It was in that security video, and I was hoping it would be in the car. I'd barely have time to think of something to say to her, and she'd already be saying it to me. I'm sorry. I know how much you were looking forward to teaching her. That doesn't sound like fun. It wasn't. It was no fun at all, not for me. - Well, how did she do? - She did fine. She's a very good driver. She did everything that I would want her to. - That's what matters, isn't it? - I suppose. You know what's funny? Whenever I'm in a good mood about something, something's getting to you. You mean discovering you didn't kill a man with your car lighten your mood? Hey, babe. Honey? What's going on? What are you doing? Why aren't you in bed? I had a dream. I saw where my purse turned up. It's inside this garbage Dumpster. I want to go and get it before someone else finds it or the garbage people come and take the Dumpster away. That's if I'm not already too late. What? Wait a second. Where is this Dumpster? Did this Dumpster come with an address? It all happened outside this trucking office downtown. I got the address from the phone book. - Allison, it's 4:00 in the morning. - I know, that's why I got to get going. I just... I didn't want you to wake up and not know where I was. I'll be back for breakfast. Usually when we try to figure out who someone is, we have to get him here fingerprint and run the prints. This method you've come up with not bringing the whole person and just the part we need, it's genius. Name's Maria Vargas. Lucky for us, she was brought in on a DUI a couple years ago, so her prints and her picture are in the system. Maria Vargas. I have no idea who this woman is. No reason you should. She's a bookkeeper... or she was. Worked for a company called Green Highway Trucking. Green Highway Trucking. I know... I know that name. I've been there. I was there that night. I can't be sure, but I think it was... after I bought that saw and that box of baggies. That's what I call timing. We had an address on Maria, so I asked a patrolman to swing by her place. Was she there? Oh, yeah. Apparently, she's been waiting for us. I had her hand in my purse. I... bought a saw. I bought baggies. - Yeah, but is your name Hector Alvarez? - Who's Hector Alvarez? I've no idea, but the victim here was discovered conveniently clutching this note. "Hector Alvarez did this to me." - What do you think? - That's not my handwriting. I don't even know a Hector Alvarez. My point precisely. Am I supposed to believe that Maria wrote that note before she died? I know. Be a pretty neat trick, right? There's not a spot of blood on this paper. Can I make a suggestion? Get out of here. Let us do our work. By tonight, we should know an awful lot more. I'll give you a shout. Fill you in. Hi, Dad. Want to practice driving? Oh, God, you know, honey, I just got home. Maybe Mommy... Mom's waiting for a phone call. Wait, isn't your learner's permit no good after the sun sets? 'Cause... it's pretty much set. I mean, there's always the weekend, okay? Kind of get the feeling you don't like driving with me. I was just telling Mom what a good driver you are. How you just seem to... you just know. Is that the same as liking to drive with me? Look, Ariel, I don't know where you get this idea from. I love driving with you. I mean, we've only been out driving that one time, but I loved it. And... you know, I just... I don't think we should go out tonight, 'cause I... you know, I don't want you to get in any trouble, but if you want to get up, you know, early, say, 6:30 tomorrow morning... - You mean it? - Sure, I mean it. I wouldn't be offering if I didn't mean it. I love driving with you. Oh, daddy, I was just so worried you hated driving with me. Don't be ridiculous. Hello? - You want the good or the bad news? - There's bad news? I'll start with the good. The medical examiner feels it's highly unlikely you killed that young woman. Highly unlikely? Remember that candlestick she was beaten to death with? Judging from the angle of the blows, the person who killed Maria Vargas was about a foot taller than her. Taller? 'Cause I'm only five-two. I know. Not tall. Also, they feel very strongly the killer was left-handed. You're a righty, right? - All my life, I swear. - Also, they're telling me it would take huge strength to inflict that kind of damage on another person. No offense, but none of this sounds like Allison Dubois to me. No offense taken. Oh, and the name on that note: Hector Alvarez? It rang no bells with me or anyone else over at police headquarters. I checked with your boss. Never heard, either. The FBI is apparently very familiar with this guy, and one of their best and brightest is in there right now bringing Manny up to speed. He suggested I call you and make sure you could be down here first thing in the morning so we can bring you up to speed. I'll be there. I'll definitely be there. So, what's the bad news? You know that note with Alvarez's name on it... - the one the dead girl was clutching? - Yeah. Your fingerprints are all over it. How is that possible? I have no idea, but, hey, look on the bright side. There's no law against leaving notes. Who are you, and what are you doing in my office? Why are you just sitting there? You're not concerned that I might call the police? The only thing I'm not concerned about is you calling the police. I don't know who you are and what you want, but if you don't tell me what you're doing here... What are you going to do, shoot me, Hector? We both know that would be a big waste of your time. What are you talking about? Who are you? I'll give you a hint. You killed me earlier tonight. Allison, it's barely 5:00 a.m. I had it all wrong. I didn't lose those six hours the other night. They were taken from me. Allison, I have no idea what you're talking about. Maria Vargas... that woman who was killed by Hector Alvarez. The moment she died, something important must have been happening in her life. Something she needed to finish. I think she used me to do it. She hijacked me. I'm guessing that it happened that moment in the parking lot right after I put the groceries in the car. Yeah, I promise. We'll talk about it tonight. Excuse me, Miss? Are you all right? Miss? Oh, yes, I'm fine. Thanks. Lost in thought. She had a whole agenda. It started with me going in that hardware store. Buying that saw, that box of baggies. And then sawing her own hand so I could use her fingerprints to gain access to her computer. That sounds like a pretty grisly six hours. And I left out the part where I stabbed a man in the chest with a pair of scissors. All of it to get this phone number that I put in here. This number. You have any idea whose number that might be? There's only one way to find out. No. Joe, it's 5:08 in the morning. We're sorry, the number you have reached is not in service. Please check the number or try your call again later. I don't get it. Doesn't make any sense. Why would I go to all that trouble if it's not even a working number? I don't get it. You know, Allison... I got to get up and-and go driving with Ariel in an hour. What say we try to get a little more sleep? Maybe it will make more sense when the sun comes up. Now, put the key in the... and turn it. Now, turn on your... blinker. Now... Yeah. Just pull away from the curb. - Is something wrong, dad? - You're kidding, right? You know the answer to that question. Probably knew the answer to it before I even had a chance to consider the question. Okay, you can go now. Ariel, you came to a full stop. Now you have to go through the intersection. - Ariel, I want you... - I know what you want me to do. That's the problem, isn't it? I know what you want me to do before you say it. I'm sorry, but I do. And why is that such a bad thing? Why do you hate this? - I don't hate this. - Hate being with me. You know, mom told me to try and talk less, but still. - Okay, I'm sorry, sweetie. - You know, it doesn't matter, okay? You still act all mad. Like this driving thing is for you, and I'm letting you down. But it's not, it's for me, and you're letting me down. I know it is. So too bad if it's not going the way you pictured it with your 20-year experience. When I'm sitting in class with the driving teacher sitting next to me, I'm not trying to get in his head. I'm thinking, what would my dad do, what would my dad say? God, am I stupid! You are not stupid. Sweetie. Sweetie, you're not stupid. I'm so sorry. Yeah. I know. Move through the intersection. - You guys all right? - Oh God. That's my fault. I totally didn't... You know what? I didn't look, either, to be honest with you. Maybe it was my fault. You know what? - Let's not mention this to Mom. - Let's not mention this to Mom. We're sorry, but the number you have... I'm sorry. Am I catching you at a bad time? No, no. I'm here for you. Detective Scanlon told me I should come in early this morning. You would fill me in on the Hector Alvarez case. Okay. I'm filling you in. The case is all but closed. - What? - The FBI just called. They found him. They're holding him over at Casa Valley Memorial Hospital. I was just about to run over there. You expecting a phone call? Oh, it's nothing. It's just... just... I'm sorry. FBI, Hector Alvarez? Hector Alvarez. Turns out to be a very interesting fellow. This Green Highway Trucking he owns? They're in the short-haul trucking business or so he'd have people believe. According to the FBI, Mr. Alvarez's real business is human trafficking. Sneaking illegal immigrants across the border for a hefty fee. He was a coyote? Maria Vargas worked for a coyote? I'm sure she told herself she was doing a good thing. Helping people with no futures, no jobs, get to a place where they can earn some money, help their families. But this fellow Alvarez. Apparently, the Bureau has been trying to build a case against him for years, but they've never been able to prove anything. Now, with the murder of Maria Vargas, all that may change. How long has he been here? How did he get here? Apparently, he drove himself. Two nights ago. - Stab wound. - Through the heart. Is this something you dreamt about? I think this might be something I did. I mean... it was Maria doing it, but still, I think it might have been my body, my hand that put those scissors in him. Allison, I'm not sure I understand. I think from the second that Maria died, until I woke up under that overpass, Maria appropriated my body so she could do something, finish something. But I don't know what. Is he going to be all right? Well, they don't know for sure. He apparently bled so much on the drive over that he passed out on the curb in front of the emergency room. By the time they got him up here, he was in this coma. What happens now? We wait. - Till what? - Till he comes out of it. At which time he'll be charged with the death of Maria Vargas. His clothing, in addition to being soaked in his own blood, was speckled with Maria's. No one was looking for yours. Who was that sitting there next to him by the bed? I was told that's his son, Desiderio. He has a son? Allison, I can see that you're torturing yourself about this, but... even if you did do what you think you might have done, it would have clearly been in self-defense. Not to mention you weren't in your right mind. Maybe not in your own mind at all. I agree with your boss. It was self-defense. And it wasn't even you who did it. I mean, not really. What if he dies? What are you asking me? Are you responsible? No. I don't think you're responsible. You were defending yourself. I mean, not even yourself. And what if it goes to trial? How do I make sense of this to a jury? I can't even make sense to myself. A woman that I have never met has taken over my body so she can get a number from a computer for a phone that doesn't even work. You're making yourself crazy over something that may never happen. Shut your eyes. Try and get some rest. Diego, listen to me. People are going to die. Yes, I'm frightened. I think he knows I heard him on the phone and I think he's worried I might call the police. But how can I not call them? I have to call them. Well, can't you come over here? Be with me? It's almost 5:30, aren't you done with work yet? Yeah, I'll pick you up. Where are you? 1927... Hennepin. 1927 Hennepin. Got it. I'll be right there, darling. It's really not nice to eavesdrop when people are on the phone, Maria. I guess we're even now. You'd actually call the police after all the years we've been working together? How did you get in here? But don't worry, I'll put it back under the mat when I leave. What would you have me do? I don't know, but you just can't leave them there to die. I have no choice. I got a tip. That's not just another truck full of peasants from El Salvador. There's an undercover FBI agent traveling with them, pretending to be one of them. But what about the other 18 innocent people, women and children? You're gonna leave them in the middle of the desert? Leave them to just die? Of course they have to die. What choice do I have? They have to die. You have to die. "1927 Hennepin." Don't worry about your friend. I'll give him a ride. It's ten after 7:00. Here I am. I hope it's important. Four days ago, some time before 5:30, Maria Vargas overheard her boss, Hector Alvarez, receive a tip. An FBI agent, posing as an unemployed El Salvadorian, was in one of Hector's trucks. His sole purpose for going to the U.S. was to expose and arrest Hector for human trafficking. Hector knew Maria knew what he was up to, so he killed her. - Which is when you believe she... - Possessed me. She... She needed me. She knew. Hector had already contacted that driver. He had already instructed him to empty the truck, to dump everyone there. Everyone, including that FBI agent, to leave them to die in the desert. Maria wanted to help those people. To get to them. To save them. But she didn't know where they were. She'd to be able to contact the driver, to get the number off the computer. - Which you got. - Which I got. And which is no good. - Let me see. - We're sorry, the number you have reached... I dreamt about her last night. I saw her die. She has to be showing me this still for a reason. So we're thinking that these people are still be out there somewhere, alive? Allison, it's been four days. I'll call the FBI. And I'll check out this number. Thank you. We've been summoned. According to the Phoenix field office of the FBI, Agent Marco Navarro was supposed to infiltrate a truckload of illegals out of El Salvador. - No one's heard from him for four days. - Oh, my God. They now have helicopters searching the area around Route 86, Route 85, and Interstate 19. Lot of empty space out there. Like looking for a needle in a sand stack. And that number you gave me... it was for a disposable cell phone, purchased for cash from a convenience store here in Downtown Phoenix. Worthless as a clue. Everyone's doing the best we can, Allison. So, what about Hector? He's still in his coma. I've had people check his office. All the computers have been wiped clean. So, that's it? For now. Right now it's a matter of time and luck. You should go home. There's nothing more to do here. I'll call you if there's any news. Desiderio. Stop crying. I know what your father told you to do. I need you to tell me where you left them. Desiderio. Please. Desiderio. These are live pictures of this breaking story. And if you're just tuning in, what you're looking at are FBI, USCIS, and Mexican Federal agents... You look like someone who's been up since 2:00 in the morning. ... apparently left to die in the desert along the Mexican-Arizona border. You saved a lot of lives. You and... Desiderio. After you called, I phoned over to the hospital. They said he was there, still watching over his comatose father. I went over. There wasn't a lot of conversation. He clearly wanted to tell somebody. He was clearly tortured about it. Turns out he left them out there with two cases of water, and a bag full of candy bars. They're all still alive, thank God. What about Hector? Do I need to hire an attorney? No, I think you're all clear. Sometime after I left, Desiderio held a pillow over his father's face and smother him to death. The agent guardian in the room was outside the door and heard nothing. Did you have breakfast yet? So, what's new and exciting in your life? Ariel, my oldest daughter is learning to drive. Learning to drive? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 