Medium: Season 3, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Medium 
 s3e1 - Four Dreams: Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Medium (2005–2011): Season 3, Episode 1 - Four Dreams: Part 1 - full transcript 
 Everyone's dreams begin to have meaning, especially Allison and Bridgette's, and an old flame of Allison's appears on her doorstep. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 DVDRip.XviD-TOPAZ I have a theory. We all eat. We all sleep. We all dream. WOMAN: Manuel? Can you hear me? Manuel wake up Huh? What? What are you doing? What, what, what are... what are you talking about? Geez, Manny, are you all right? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What do you mean? You wet the bed. Our dreams reveal us to ourselves. The people we are. Don't just shoot, you gotta aim it. So when that site is in the middle of the clown's mouth, then you shoot. Okay, Daddy. The people we'd like to be. Whoo! Yeah! You don't need much. Just a little push. Oh, hole in two! Hey! Ah, come on, boy! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You guys have fun? Oh... sure did. (grunting): All right. Here's your deposit. A lot of people tell me the game's even more fun when they bring their own kid, rather than renting one. I know. I heard that. You know how to get one? I know people. (grunting): Yeah. (sighing): Wait a second, will you? What are you talking about-- "heads blown off"? Mm... do me a favor, look around. Sometimes... a kid will hide under the bed, in a closet. All dead. No, I have no idea where the mayor is. It's 5:52 in the morning. I'm guessing that he's at home, asleep. Wait a second, give me an address. How many children? No, don't move anything, just lock it down. I'm maybe 35 minutes away. I'll be right down there. Some people have dreams that amaze them... ...and entertain them. And then there are my dreams. Where is your head? You keep staring at the ceiling like your mind is somewhere else. Like your mind is on someone else. It's rude to pay a woman for her attention and then not give her any. MAN: Speak English. You want English? Why'd you come to Indonesia? Go home to America. Where are you going? I'm going to the airport. I'm going home. (scoffs) I feel like going home. You can't do that. You're intoxicated. Do you even have a ticket? Besides... it's early in the morning. It's not time for traveling. It's time to make love. Keep the change. What's the matter? What's going on? A dream? Ugh, yeah. You want to talk about it? I don't know. I'm not sure there's anything to talk about. Oh, wow. Well, that's a first. I mean, it took place in Indonesia. I don't know anyone in Indonesia. You would've liked it, though. There was a naked girl in it. This is weird. I just had the exact same dream. Oh, really. Truly. Was there a guy in your dream who got his head chopped off? No. I just had the naked girl part. I see. You had a guy... Well, I hope you're happy. Now I'm afraid to go back to sleep and finish the dream. Yeah, well, welcome to my world. FRM Present Capture: xxy??lanmao??QQ Sync: FRM@mywsz Adjusted: hoodman S03E01E02 - Four Dreams Original Air Date: 15 November 2006 I have a sore throat. What are you talking about? Don't make me say it again. It really hurts. Come here, Bridge. Let's have a look at you. No, don't, Daddy. (giggling loudly): Hey, hey! Oh, what do you know? All cured. No, wait. That was my tickle throat, not my talking throat. (chuckles) Well, you can use your tickle throat in school today. No one will know the difference. Bridge... Hmm? You want to tell me what this is all about? No, you'll just think it's stupid. Well, maybe, maybe not. Well, I had the funnest dream last night, and I was sort of hoping that I could stay in bed and have it again today. What kind of dream? It was a cartoon with monkeys in it. BRIDGETTE: Oh, no. Hello? If I swing by your house in 20 minutes, could you join me for a little trip to Paradise Valley? Uh, hang on a second. I have to ask my husband if he can run the girls to school. Yes, I can run the girls to school. And don't worry, Bridge, if you start feeling a little feverish, I'll just tickle you some more. Not funny, Daddy. Not... Whoa! funny... Daddy. (giggling) Not funny. So what are we rushing off to see? Well, I can't seem to get a straight answer on that one. I asked Detective Scanlon if he thought it might be useful to have you on the scene, and he indicated that it certainly couldn't hurt. You seem awfully thirsty. You okay? It's the heat. You'd think, after all these years, a body would adjust. REPORTER: But I don't understand. Why are we not being told the exact nature of the crime? DINOVI: You're not being told the exact nature of the crime because the investigation is ongoing and has not yet reached a stage where we can make that determination. REPORTER 2: Where is the mayor? We're hearing rumors of a cult-like slaughter, a Manson-style killing spree. Shouldn't the mayor be here? I spoke with the mayor early this morning. He's rushing back from a fact-finding mission. I'm sure he'll have plenty to say when he gets here. Sorry, folks. I'm afraid that's all I have for now. Thank you. Thanks. Fact finding mission? That's what his girlfriend said. A Las Vegas fact finding mission. Apparently, that's where all the best facts are found. Okay. My interest is piqued. What exactly are we looking at here, Lee? Not exactly sure yet. Wealthy family-- mother, father, three kids. Live-in help had the weekend off. Housekeeper lets herself in at 5:00 a.m., discovers all of them shot to death. Was it a robbery? Maid says nothing's missing. Family attorney's on his way over with a locksmith to look in the vault, but our guys are telling me it hasn't been touched. Put your party clothes on, I'll show you what we got. SCANLON: We're guessing the wife here heard the shots from the family room and was standing, attempting to get out of the tub when her attacker came to this doorway. There was no weapon present when the first team of responding officers showed up this morning. Doesn't appear to be a murder-suicide. TV REPORTER: Now for more on the market sell-off... Honey? TV REPORTER: ...early warning stock predicting... The kids were all shot in their beds. Dog's in here, too. DEVALOS: Allison? Yeah, I know, the kids. I'll take your word for it. We need to find out everything we can about the man of the house. Maybe... it's a revenge killing. Pretty savage form of revenge. Maybe the attorney will open the safe and tell us the family jewels are missing. Sorry, guys, but I seriously doubt this was a robbery. Why do you say that? That's an Armand Vartanian, probably worth three quarters of a million dollars. I mean, if you're looking for something of value. I'm gonna visit the powder room, then we'll be on our way. See you in about an hour. Can I help you? I don't know. I'm gonna call the police. If you need help, they can help you. What? I would really appreciate it if you could just wait for them the sidewalk. This your house? Phoenix Police, this is Allison Dubois with the District Attorney's office. Phoenix? I'm in Phoenix? I made the plane? I have a man here standing on my front porch. No, you don't. No, no, you don't. I don't know who he is. He didn't identify himself. Oh, that's not true. That's not true. My name's Clay Bicks. Clay Bicks. Oh, my God. (chuckles): Hey... Clay. You cut your hair. What'd you say your last name was? Dubois. Benoit. Allison Benoit. Al. Cut your hair, too. Come here, you. No, no, back up, back up. I, uh... it's been awhile between showers, you know? I still can't believe they let me on the plane. God, you look great. Plane from where? Indonesia. Indonesia. Yeah, I'm a shooter-- photographer. You know, magazines, wire services. Sounds dangerous. I know. I get a little anxious just talking about it. What kind of idiot goes over there, seeks work like that, huh? They do have a couple of excellent bars, though. Damn, you look, uh... great. You look different. And how dare you change when I wasn't looking? Well, it's a long time since high school, Clay. Yeah... You got kids now, huh? Mm-hmm. Yeah... Why'd you go do that without me? What, just 'cause you ain't seen me in 17, 18 years? Bet you're married now, huh? Happy, well-adjusted. Bet you never get stinking drunk. Bet you bathe every day. You know... I got a weird confession to make. I been in a couple of hairy spots in my life. Stared down a couple of loaded barrels, had a couple of scary helicopter rides. Got taken hostage once for three days in Samoa. And you know that moment when you're thinking, "This is it." You know, the Clay Bicks Show is over. You know who'd keep popping in my head? You. Ms. Benoit. Voted most likely to stay in someone's head long after they've let them go. Maybe they shouldn't have. You're my favorite regret. You don't remember getting on the plane? Nah, I was pretty loaded. And you don't remember getting off here in Phoenix? Why don't you come in the house? We'll have a cup of coffee, and... mom this is......??? and ???? so...???? you know.do??? 5 Just... I'll be there in a second. BRIDGETTE: Are we having dinner yet? ARIEL: Uh, what are you talking about? Daddy's not even home yet. And it's, like, 5:30. And why are you in your pajamas? Well, as soon as dinner's over, I want to go right to bed. Why? I had the funnest dream last night. It was a cartoon called The Monkeyheads, and I can't wait to see more of it. TheMonkeyheads?! That's so over. That was on when I was little. BRIDGETTE: So? I don't care. I still like it. DEVALOS: Yeah... my whole morning's open. Just set the appointment, e-mail me the time. Right. I'm home now. Just e-mail me the time. Okay. Whew... Damn. There are just some days that can't end fast enough. Mmm! Smells good. Smells good. Call them back and tell them you're not free tomorrow morning. I called Dr. Berman. He remembered you. I made an appointment for 10:30. I'll drive you. I'm a grown man. I can make my own doctor's appointments, thank you very much. There's something wrong, Manuel. I'm worried you're falling apart inside. Sometimes, I wake up in the morning, and you're laying there and I... I think you're dead. I can't hear you breathe, you're covered in sweat, you're white as a ghost. I'm fine. It's Phoenix-- it's hot and I sweat. Tomorrow, I will find a doctor. I will call and I will make an appointment. And when the time comes, I'll drive myself. Right now, I'm hungry, and I'm, uh... gonna eat. How do you think he knew where you lived? I have no idea. How do you think he knew you'd be home? I have no idea. What do you think he wanted? (sighs): I have no idea. I think maybe I'm a little jealous. He's dead, Joe. Well, you know, in some ways, that could give him an unfair advantage. I don't think he knows he's dead. What? You trying to get me to feel sorry for him? I think maybe that's why he's here. Maybe that's why he's waiting for me. I think maybe I'm supposed to tell him. You don't think he'll get the gist when he looks in the mirror and there's nobody there? When the phone stops ringing? When nobody bothers to check his theater stub after he comes back from the candy counter? I think they've got a pretty good orientation system already in place. Then why did I have that encounter? And why was he brought here? I don't know, he needed the extra frequent flier miles, figured an extra stopover? I believe these things happen to me for a reason. The challenge is to have the patience to wait for the reason to reveal itself. Hmm... profundity. If I dig it out, will you write that in my high school yearbook? (singsong): Someone is jealous. Of your high school boyfriend? I think not. He was pretty wild. I was pretty wild. Well, he's not wild now. I'm sorry. I've really had my fill of death today. I really have. Deputy Mayor DiNovi. I'll tell you what I know. The Costigans all died early this morning of close-range shotgun wounds. Preliminary investigations suggest that the killings were not related to Mr. Costigan's employment. We are aware of similar home invasions in Wyoming and New Mexico during the last 12 months. Beyond that, it's an active investigation. Hopefully, we'll know more in the morning. WOMAN: Do you have anything to say to the people of Phoenix who are obviously frightened? Phoenix is a safe city. But obviously, people need to take precautions. Lock your doors, lock your windows. Check in on your loved ones, check in on your neighbors, and know that we are gonna find these people. We're gonna stop these people. REPORTER: And what does the mayor have to say about all this? DINOVI: The mayor fell ill prior to boarding a plane back to Phoenix this morning. (phone ringing) Hey. Yeah, I saw it; of course I saw it. You were great. You couldn't hear me cheering from over here? You coming over? I don't care. Ring the bell, wake me up. I mean it. 2:00 in the morning. Whenever. Wake me up. It was so random. They were so unprepared. I mean, in his wildest dreams, could he have ever imagined that he would have died lying on his belly... reading the paper? And the mom. Was she singing in the shower, seconds before it happened? And the kids. What were they dreaming about before their lives were snuffed out? Are you sure everything's locked? I'll go check again. Mom? Mom?! Mom...! Mom, please! Mom! Help! BRIDGETTE: Mommy... I just had a bad dream. Yeah, me, too. You know you don't have to go to bed early to see The Monkeyheads, they're all out on DVD. Well, I don't care! I hate The Monkeyheads! Somebody had a nightmare last night. So that's what you were doing in our bed this morning. Well, Monkeyheads are scary. Monkeyheads aren't scary, they're just stupid. You're stupid! Nobody's stupid. Marie, baby, we're all out of Nutty Wutteys. How about some flakes? We have millions of kinds of flakes. I want some eggs! Did you see this? How do you feel about frying your daughter some eggs, so I could sit down - ...and have myself a cup of... - Oh, sure. - I'm done. . I'm done. Daddy's making you eggs. Thanks, Daddy. So, I know that Bridgette had a nightmare. Tell me about your nightlife. Any visits from old boyfriends? No. I suppose he figured out where he was supposed to be, and how to get there, all by himself. What do you mean? Are you telling me that you actually had a sound night's sleep? I didn't say that; I just didn't see any news you can use, if you know what I mean. Nothing about Clay, nothing about this. I did have a terryfying dream about a little b-o-y. That took place I don't know where, I don't know when, involving I don't know who. Isn't that what you said about your Indonesian nightmare? I mean, before you realized who and what it was really about. Well, that's what has me so worried. Oh, Lee. Can I talk to you about something? I don't know if it means anything but... I'm in a bit of a hurry. You mind taking a ride, we'll talk in the car? Sure. What's going on? Some hikers spotted a minivan, sitting upside-down in a couple feet of water. ?????es in it. There are. A mother and her son. Okay. And you wanted to talk to me about...? We just covered it. Someone slept alone last night. You really are psychic. Ha, ha. Shaving cream. Yeah, clever. No woman would let a man leave home like that. Yeah, well, wasn't for lack of trying. She's just been working all hours. Between this home invasion thing and the mayor flaking out. Hm. How old were you when you got married? Me? Um... nine. I've been married 12 years. So, yeah, nine, mm-hmm. Yeah, well, I'm pushing 14 myself. You know, I never really lived with anyone. Not long-term. Hey, if it works for you. Yeah, well, I'm not so sure it does anymore. Tough to make the leap. But I'm thinking there might be some leaping in my future. Well, go on, Baryshnikov. You can see where the big SUV pushed against it, forced it off the road. Maybe. It's just so eerie. Everything I dreamt about happened. Well, that has to give you some sense of satisfaction. No, it doesn't. I feel like a walking carnival trick. I dreamt about this little boy drowning to death. What do you know? It really happened. What is the point? Why show it to me if I can't prevent it? So I have answers for the police questions 15 minutes before they would have them otherwise? You know, um, a very intuitive lady once said to me... "I believe these things happen to me for a reason, "and the challenge is having the patience to wait for the reason to reveal itself." Oh, zip it. Anyway, I called Mrs. Pasternack down the street. She's going to take the girls home with her. So if you could stop by her place on the way home... Thy will be done. CRIME TECH: Everything we can do here, we've done. The rest of it really ought to happen back at the lab. I made a call-- flatbed's on its way out here. Anything you want to share? Well, wherever they were going, they knew it was going to take them a while to get there. Car's full of clothes, toiletries... No maps, though. No tickets or brochures. You get the feeling that maybe it was a pretty spontaneous trip. But you got a lot of the kinds of things you see on a long road trip, like DVDs for the kid, fast food wrappers, juice boxes... What's this? It was in the player. They must've had it on when they went over the side-- The MonkeyHeads. Did you say Monkeyheads? Mm-hmm. SCANLON: What's the big deal? Does that mean something? (gasping): Oh, boy... 1 Hey, I'm home. Shh, shh, shh. You'll wake the baby. Marie's already down? Have you looked at your watch? It's after 9:00. Wow. You do good work. What about Bridgette? I really need to talk to Bridgette. Well, I don't know, she's been in bed for half an hour, but I couldn't tell you if she's asleep or not, 'cause she fought me every step of the way. Three days ago, she couldn't wait to get to bed, and now she acts like I'm sending her off to the electric chair. You going to have some food? Later. (sighs) Did you feel that? What? That blast of cold air? What are you talking about? I don't even think the air-conditioning's on. I don't know. I've been feeling them all night. Maybe it's just my imagination. Maybe you're going through the change of life. Ah, could be. (whispering): Bridgette. Bridgette? Hey. Hey. (gently): Hey... What are you doing with this? This is your sister's. Well, I wasn't hurting it. I was just listening to it. Well, you're not supposed to be listening to it, you're supposed to be asleep. Well, I don't want to be asleep. Sleeping is scary. I seeMonkeyheads when I sleep. And why is that scary? Monkeyheads aren't scary. Monkeyheads are funny. No, no, they're not. Not lately. Really? Tell me what you've seen. Well, the other night, this mama monkey and this baby monkey, they were in their car, and then these bad monkeys chased them and chased them and then pushed them right off the road and into this lake. And then? And then they just sat there, and they were upside-down, and they were bleeding, and the car got filled up all with water. And they just sat there. And then they were breathing funny little cartoon bubbles. And then they finally fell asleep, and turned into Angel Monkeys, and floated out the car and up to heaven. Sweetie... Well, I can see why you wouldn't want to have another dream like that. But here's the thing, Bridge-- I am almost 100% sure that the bad dreams are over. I really think it's okay to go back to sleep. You do? I do. And if, for some strange reason, I'm wrong, you can come into my bed. But... I don't think I'm wrong. I think the bad dream is over. Well, I hope so. 'Cause it's really tiring trying not to sleep. She dreamt it, too. The little boy, the drowning. What are you talking about? She dreamt a cartoon version of the same thing I did. Cartoon? Why a cartoon? The little boy was watching cartoons when he drowned. I suppose he was trying to make peace with the way he died, trying to find someone to tell his story to. They're about the same age. I hate that she dreams that stuff. I know. For what it's worth, I think she's okay. She really thinks it is a cartoon. A scary cartoon, but still a cartoon. And I do think it's over. Oh... God. Tell me you don't feel that. Feel what? It's like arctic. You didn't feel that cold blast of air? Come here, let me feel your head. You don't feel feverish. But why don't you go lay down in bed? I'll be in in a minute. I don't feel sick. I don't know what to tell you. It's Phoenix, Arizona. If you're feeling the chills, you're getting sick. Just go. I'll clean up. I'll lock up. Hey, Al. Sorry about the cold. I hear it goes away, eventually, though. What else have you heard? Oh... that you can see me. That you can hear me. That, uh, that's pretty rare. I am really sorry, Clay. The other day, outside my house... I wasn't sure. I thought you might be... But I wasn't sure. I'm really glad you're here. I'm really glad I get to say good-bye. Don't be sorry. Nothing to be sorry about. Truth is, I've been flirting with this all my life. Now that I'm here... it's not like the view's all that bad. You know what else I heard? What's that? That if I try hard enough, that if I want it bad enough, sometimes, someone like me can be felt... by someone like you. I have to tell you, I've never... Allison? Do you want a hand locking up? Uh... sure. Absolutely. Hello, Detective. Your deputy-ship. Haven't seen you in a couple of days. You know what's been going on. I look up from my desk, it's 11:00 at night. Well, the mayor's back in town now. I saw it right on the front page of the paper. No reason for you not to come over tonight. Well, then maybe I will. Well, if you ring the bell, maybe I'll let you in. 10:00-ish okay? I got a call from this woman in the third district. Worked on our last campaign. Wants to buy me a drink. She was very insistent. You sure it was a woman? Don't you have somewhere you need to be? Oh, um... So... 10:00-ish. Hey. Hey. (clears throat) Allison here yet? She's the one who wanted to have this meeting. I've got a doctor's thing this afternoon, desk full of work. Excuse me. SCANLON: The dead woman, the driver of the minivan, name is Olga Bankova. She's a naturalized U.S. citizen, 34 years old, single mother, artist of some kind. Also works as a substitute teacher; no priors. They were over 200 miles from home when they died. The child in the backseat was her son Ian. Seven years old. What else do we know? Not much. We're checking paint and body shops around the state, looking for any large vehicles with horizontal abrasions consistent with the minivan's. So... we're certain the car was pushed into that lake bed? No. Yes. No one in the crime lab is willing to say in a definitive way that the minivan was actually pushed into that lake bed. Yes, there's paint on the car, yes, the side is scraped consistent with that kind of scenario but the vehicle also took about a 40-foot fall, which could account for the damage and the mismatched paint could also be from a previous mishap. That coupled with the fact that no one can seem to come up with any kind of motive... I know that she was pushed off the road. I saw it happen. My daughter saw it, too. Your daughter? Really? Did either one of you, perchance, see who was driving the other vehicle? I didn't, no. What about your daughter? My daughter doesn't have any information you could use. I don't understand. I'm gathering that, like you, your daughter saw all this in a dream. Don't you think it might be useful to us to interview her, see if we couldn't piece together some kind of description? I'm familiar with a number of people from around the state who have a lot of expertise when it comes to interviewing children. I mean, we'd have to finesse the whole dream thing, but I'm sure it could be handled. She saw them, but she didn't see them. Look, it was a cartoon. She saw the whole thing as a cartoon. The people who pushed the minivan off the road were cartoon people. Everybody was a cartoon. I see. Any news on the home invasion front? SCANLON: Not really. No. Place turned out to be amazingly clean. I mean, clearly these guys were pros. Aha. No leads on the home invasion front. Dark cartoon forces at work, pushing vehicles off our thoroughfares. It's a wonderful day to be the district attorney. Excuse me? You're excused. (mimics): "It's a wonderful day to be the district attorney." You know the man's under a lot of pressure. That's not the point. It was mean. It was needlessly mean. He's not himself. I don't know what's wrong with him. Who are you guys talking about? Nobody. You know, all they're talking about on the radio is how these guys are still out there, it's just a matter of time before they do it again. Okay, I get it. He's under a lot of pressure on that case, and I'm not helping him on that case. Well, I'm sorry. I wish I could pick and choose what I dream on any given day, but I can't. So it isn't the crime du jour. I can't help that. I see what I see, and I know what I know and my daughter... Uh-uh... I think you're blowing this way out of proportion. My daughter doesn't get to specify the style of presentation when someone reaches out to her from the great beyond to tell her something. "Well, I'm sorry, we're not accepting cartoon dreams today." The district attorney prefers his clues from the other side more straightforward. More crime, less character. More like an episode of Law & Order. Allison. Are you talking about me? No, honey, nobody's talking about you. Nobody's talking about anybody. I need a bath. Is something wrong, Mommy? It's not you guys. Mommy just had a hard day. No, I'm, uh, I'm still here. Of course. I know it's dinnertime. He just wanted to run some tests, and I'm just sitting here waiting for the results. I'll call you when I'm done. I love you, too. I've been guarding it with my life. I appreciate it. Yeah? Bridge and Marie are down. Ariel's taking a shower. I thought I would just lock up and go to bed. Oh, my God, how long have I been in here? That's all right; you look comfortable. You're allowed. I'll be back. I won't let you drown. WOMAN: We're very aware of everything that's been going on with the mayor. We're all aware of how mercurial he can be. You've been very deft the way you've covered for him. That's my job. Oh, and you do it well. You seem very, um, at ease on television. Oh? Have you ever considered running for office? Excuse me? We'd like to see you go after a spot on city council. Oh, let me ask you something. How do I do this? Just ask her. You got a boyfriend? Hopefully, a doctor or a lawyer. Someone with some standing. I'm just kidding. But seriously, is there someone we should know about? Whoever they are, they're going to end up being very involved. Please, whomever it might be, just don't let it be a civil servant. All of the union agreements are coming up in January, (laughs): and that's all we need. I'd do that for you, if I could. 1 I'm beginning to think it's a big lie. 2 What are you doing here? 874 00:43:13,380 --> 00:43:14,350 875 00:43:14,350 --> 00:43:15,550 But that's crazy. That's wrong. You can't be here. You can't do this. I have a family, and you have someplace you're supposed to be. Well, I like it here. I like your house; it feels good. I like your kids. You're not thinking clearly. You must still be in shock. And you're leaving out my husband. I have a husband. I have a life. Really? (door opens) Locked and loaded. Hey, you know what? Wet becomes you, my darling. You look good like that. I may toss you in that tub every night. "Wet becomes you"? This is so unfair. (chuckles) What's that? I say the wrong thing? You want me to go? Just say, "Clay, I need you to go." JOE: I can't help it. You come over here and look at yourself in that water, in the candlelight. Sorry, baby, it's bigger than both of us. Kind of a goofball, huh? Stop it. You're seriously bothered? Just say, "Clay, I need you to go." See, this is it. This is the kind of stuff. This is why we were never meant to be. What are you talking about? "Never meant to be"? Does he know he's got toothpaste on his mouth? Does he have any idea how sad and pathetic this all is? Clay, I need you to go! Clay? Did you say "Clay"? As in high school Clay? Is he here? Allison? Hey, Allison! Allison! (screaming): Mommy! Is he in here? I don't see him, no. Then where is he, Allison? I don't know. I don't see him, either. You expect me to believe that? BRIDGETTE (screaming): Mommy! Hello? Hey, you still coming over? How'd the drink thing go? They just left. It went great. It went really great. But I need to talk to you about something. Anything. What's going on? Hang on a second, honey, I'm getting another call. Baby, whatever it is, it's gonna have to hold. I just got a call. Somebody hit a mansion in Bear Park. I don't have all the details yet, but, uh, looks like I'm gonna have to run out there. Hello? Oh, yes, I understand. He's right here. Manuel? What are you doing? There's been another one of those house things. Okay, I know. The light is on, right? You turned on the lamp? The lamp is on? What are you talking about? Yes, the light is on. They're on the phone. Shh, don't panic. Just tell them I'll call them back. What are you talking about you'll "call them back"? Lilly... listen to me. Don't be alarmed... but I can't see a damn thing. (crying) Shh, Bridgette. (phone ringing) Sweetie, it was just a bad dream. Sweetie, stop. You're gonna make yourself sick. It's Scanlon. Hello? Come here. SCANLON (on phone): Allison, it happened again. They got the man of the house. He has a golf club. The Mom... In the hall, yeah. What about the baby? Did they get the baby? Yeah, they got the baby, too. How'd you know? 5 Go to sleep, Joe. I can't go to sleep. He's not here. You don't know that. I don't see him. I don't see him anywhere. I would tell you if I did. But you're not even looking. I don't see him. I swear. Right. Uh-huh. What, you don't believe me? Allison, the man has apparently been here for two whole days. Now, either you forgot to mention it or he can choose when it is that you see him, and neither of those two scenarios makes me particularly comfortable. You know, you can really be an ass. I didn't do this, Allison. I'm going to go sleep in the girls' room. Go. Holler if you see a ghost. Yeah, if you see a ghost, remember: you're a married woman. Hey, "Allibaster." Your guy's got quite the temper, huh? You think he has a temper? Shh, down, girl. How dare you-- camp out in my house?! Toy with my family, toy with me, someone you claim to care about? I hate you. No, you don't. Yes, I do and I need you to leave my house. Funny how things work out. You know, when we were in school, I thought you were the smartest thing on two legs. When we were in school, I thought you were smug. And vain and selfish and nice to look at and maybe, deep down, had a heart. I guess I was wrong about the heart. You know, he's mistaken about you in there. Pissed off becomes you. Leave my house! Don't you think I would, if I could? Well, maybe you just have to try harder. Come on, you can do it. Find a light and walk into it. You think it's just a coincidence I ended up here, out of all the places in all the world? Your house? You think it's an accident you can see me? Hear me? I don't. I've been to a lot of places, I've seen a lot of things. I don't believe in coincidence. I'm here for a reason... like it or not, baby. I think that reason is you. Mommy, I got scared and I thought I heard voices. It's just me, sweetie, talking to myself. Did you have a bad dream? Uh... kind of. Do you want to come in my bed and sleep with me? That might make it all better. If you don't mind. Okay, just this once. As long as we don't make a habit out of it. (chuckles): Okay. (beeping) MAN: Mr. Devalos. I'm going to shine a very bright light into your eyes. I need you to tell me if you see something. Anything. DEVALOS: Uh, yeah. It's very blurry, but I can see. I see you and I see the room. And I can see you, Lilly. My best guess is that we're looking at a severe case of diabetic retinopathy. Blood sugar's off the charts. You're lucky you can see at all. You're lucky you're conscious. DEVALOS: What does this mean? Is this thing curable? It means we wait. Wait for that insulin we're putting in you to hopefully start doing its work. And wait for the doctors who really know their way around this stuff to get here, which may be a little bit. It is 4:00 in the morning, you know. LILLY: But he's gonna be okay? We just have to hope the damage isn't too great. Mr. Devalos... when was the last time you saw a doctor? DEVALOS (sighing): I honestly don't know. I really can't remember. I'm gonna shut this light off. I suggest you get some rest. Okay. Mommy. I know. I saw it, too. It's okay, honey. It's okay, it was just a cartoon. Okay? Shh. DEVALOS: Hey. I can see you. Hey. I can see you, too. You look kind of soft and gauzy, kind of like an angel. Kind of like... we might be in heaven. We're not dead, are we? God, I hope not. I have a bunch of stuff I have to pick up at the dry cleaners. If I'm dead, Joe will never remember where I keep the tickets. What did you do? The dentist, the doctor, flying. Those are my three big demons. When I was a teenager, my... my mother worked in a department store refolding merchandise at night after everyone had gone home. She didn't even feel bad. Just a little pain under her arm. Ignored it for the longest time. Store insisted she see someone. And then, six weeks later... I do believe that's the last time I ever cried. Got a life's worth of tears out. You come all this way just to give me that swell-looking balloon? Olga Bankova and her son were run off the road by the same people who killed the Costigan family last week, slaughtered the Milano family last night. And you know this how? I know. We're still in the land of cartoon people, right? I'd really like to see where they lived, this boy and his mother. We've already had a detective out there, but, sure, you're welcome to take a look. Hey, hold on a second. Uh, thought you were a friend. Gaze into your crystal ball. Give a sick man some hope. It just doesn't work that way. A lot of times, the people closest to me... I didn't even know you were ill. I do know that your wife loves you. We passed in the hall. She was going home to clean up, call relatives. It just poured off her. "I love this man. "I'm so angry at this man. "I love this man. I am so angry at this man." ALLISON: Thank you. They smashed their way through this door. Who, the cartoon bad guys? It's an old, rotted doorjamb, an old, rotted door. If she didn't have it locked, didn't have the chain on it, you could kick this open, we'd never even know. What is it we're looking for again? I don't know, a reason why killers who hit wealthy families for no reason at all would also kill a substitute teacher and her child. SCANLON: Methinks the woman liked to paint. Look at this. It looks like she's trying to learn how to paint in the style of this artist. Do these look familiar? Sure. I'd recognize that squiggle anywhere. It's after 5:00, Allison. We've got at least a two-hour drive back. Allison? The food court at the mall? You can have dinner anywhere you want, and you want to have it at the food court at the mall? Daddy, if you don't really want to know, you shouldn't ask. What's wrong with the food court at the mall? They have everything. They have food from all over the world. Okay, the people have spoken. Let me just get out of these clothes, and we'll head out to the mall. Yippee. Hello? She is my wife, you know. Mine. I know what you're thinking. You're thinking, what am I gonna do, kill you? I don't know what I'm gonna do. But I will figure something out. I am gonna make your death more miserable than your life. She's mine. Hey, Ariel? Ariel, sweetie, come here for a second. Hey, come here. What are you doing? I thought you were changing. I thought we were going to the mall. We are, we are. Just have a look around the room. Okay. What am I looking for? I don't know. What do you see? Do you see anything? What are you talking about? I see what you see. It's your room. It looks like your room always looks. Are you okay? Yeah, I'm fine. I'm just curious. So... there's nothing you see in here that's out of the ordinary? I don't know. Did Mommy get a new bedspread or something? Huh. It's the wind, Daddy. It's just the wind. Huh. I'm really hungry. We're all really hungry. Yes, me, too. Come on. I'll change later. Let's get out of here. Let's go. 6 Look at this. Together again. If we're here, who's running the city? Could you have picked a more out of the way place? Yeah, pretty obscure, huh? May I start you off with something to drink? You on the clock? I'll have a scotch and soda. The lady will have a dirty martini. So, when last we spoke, uh... DINOVI: When last we spoke... Where do I start? Drinks... Lady from the third district... It went great. It's been 24 hours, and I still don't believe it. Believe what? They want me to run for city council. (exhales) I should cancel the cocktails and get us a bottle of champagne. Don't do that. I've been dreaming about a martini all day. A martini? Not me? A martini and you. I was just so completely taken by surprise. Then they started hitting me with questions. Questions? "Where were you born? Are you a native? "Do you belong to any clubs? Are you involved with anyone?" You fess up? I told them the truth. That, for all intents and purposes, I'm... You're at my house one or two nights a week. Well, no, I didn't tell them that. I don't think a woman running for office should be bragging about making the walk of shame from her lover's apartment to her car at 6:30 in the morning, praying that nobody sees her. Yeah, well... ...I want to talk to you about that. No, it's okay. I realized something. I like what we have, the way we have it. I wasn't sure at first. Never been with someone who didn't want to come home with me to my folks at Christmas, but... but it's okay. It's actually good. One of the things these people said to me was, I guess a lot of the union agreements-- police, fire, teachers-- they're all coming up next year. I mean, the last thing they wanted to hear was that I'm-- whatever you call this thing we have-- with a civil servant. Is that what I am, a civil servant? What? No. That's their word. It's really just about... I get the point. They don't want you sleeping with the help. It's really just about these negotiations. What did you say? (cell phone ringing) There was nothing to say. Got it. I'll see you there. Wait a second. I thought we were having dinner. Look, I don't know what to tell you. I'm just a civil servant. I get a call, I go to work. Lee... What? Hey, some people just got shot to death in Hasbrook Heights. The mayor's back in town, so you're not getting the call, but I'm just a working guy. Enjoy your drink; it's paid for. Are you hurt? You don't even let me keep a toothbrush at your place and you're hurt?! I'm not hurt. I'm thrilled for you. You have my vote. But I got to go. Will the gentleman be returning? It's Scanlon. He says it's important. You didn't have another bad dream, did you? Hello? SCANLON: You want the good news, the bad news or the very bad news? Just tell me what's going on. (over phone): Another home invasion. Only this time, the homeowner was packing heat. Killed all three of them. I think it's over, Allison. I think it's all over. Okay. What about the very bad news? Your boss is still in the hospital. I need you to get dressed and come downtown and help me interrogate the solid citizen who gunned down these three bastards. What is it, Mommy? Who's on the phone? Hold on. It's the police, honey. They got the bad Monkeyheads. They're not gonna bother anybody anymore. SCANLON: Spell your name for me, please. Alan Gardner. G-A-R-D-N-E-R. And I should warn you, I don't think I'm actually sick, but I... We know. We know that you've been through a lot tonight. The officer mentioned that you've been throwing up. I think it's just nerves. I'm actually feeling a little better right now. You want to tell us what happened? What happened... I don't know... I mean, I guess, like everybody with a big house, I've been on edge. It was the staff's night off. I had been reading. Fell asleep in bed. Then the alarm went off. What did you do? I ran into the closet. It's like a little vault, actually-- fireproof. I keep some papers there, antiquities, canvases. I'm an art dealer. And I thought, well, I'll just lock the door and stay in here. I don't think they can shoot through it. Like a panic room. Yeah. But small. And there's monitors in there. So I can see them moving through the house. And I know the police are trying to call. And I thought for a moment, I think I might actually live through this thing. Then they shot Keezey. That little schnauzer is the only family I have. I mean, you go through the housebreaking, the bladder infections, the doggie tumors, and you just never imagine... Even on the black-and-white monitor, I can see him lying there, the blood coming out of his body. That's when I saw the gun... the rifle, box of ammo... I got it, like, six years ago, to go skeet shooting with a client, which I hated. So much noise, and it... hurt my shoulder. Then I went out into the hall. The way the stairs work, you can't see into the hall unless you're at the top. And I just waited. (gunshots) (gently): Mr. Gardner? I am a civilized person. I know they were killers. They killed my Keezey. But I just never imagined, in the course of my life, that I would actually kill another man. Three other men. I think I'm gonna be sick. Look who's returning to the marital bed. What is it, like, 4:00 in the morning? It's nice of you to make an appearance. It's, like, 5:00. Or five-oh-s... ...seven. I think it's really over. The home invaders are dead. This meek little art dealer shot them 'cause they killed his dog. Bridgette will be relieved. No more bad dreams. It's funny the way stuff happens. I think your boyfriend's gone, by the way. ALLISON: Oh, yeah? JOE: We had a chat. I mean, I had a chat. And I think he heard it, because I haven't felt any cold breezes, and he hasn't been seen since. What do you mean? Seen by who? Who could see him? He's a ghost. I had Ariel take a little look for him. I mean, she didn't know that that's who she was looking for. You did not. Yes... I certainly did. Did you think I was just gonna give you up without a fight? I love you with all my heart. You got it now? You got it figured out? 'Cause I got to go. SCANLON: Wow, what are you doing here? Aren't you the lady who was with me till almost 4:30 this morning? Shouldn't you be at home sleeping? I tried sleeping. I kept dreaming. What about you? Why aren't you home sleeping? I don't know. Phone kept ringing. You wanted to see me. Is something up? It's like I said, I keep having dreams. Yeah? So? Isn't that kind of like Einstein always having brainstorms? You recognize this? Thought you said you would recognize this squiggle anywhere. It's that painting Devalos told us was so valuable, that was hanging at the first house. Okay. Remember those little paintings at Olga's house I was looking at-- I told you they reminded me of something? This is the painting they remind me of. I'm glad we, uh, solved that mystery. I think she was trying to learn how to paint in the style of this painter. I think she was trying to learn to paint this painting. You think they killed her for that? How does that explain the other killings? How does that explain the home invasions in two other states? To be honest, I don't know. I just... Both those houses are still crime scenes, right? Could someone possibly just bring me this painting? Maybe all the little ones I was looking at at Olga's house? Allison, is it possible that in all the hubbub last night, that you missed the part where the home invaders were shot to death? No, I heard that. Did you miss the part where I said (phone rings) I was still having dreams about it all? So what do you think? I think someone's in a mood. Sorry. A friend of mine who was visiting left suddenly. I guess... I guess I wanted to say good-bye more than I realized. Yeah, good-byes are a bitch, aren't they. WOMAN: How's your vision? It's good. I can see perfectly. I feel good, too. Frankly, Doctor, I feel ready to get out of here. Ready to get back to work. Well, that's what's going to kill you, you know. How good you feel. You have diabetes, Mr. District Attorney. I think that you've probably had it for years, but you just didn't know. It's a sneaky little bastard. If you're not checking for it, it doesn't let you know it's there until it's good and ready to give you a stroke or a heart attack, make you impotent or strike you blind. Are you trying to frighten me? No, I am trying to warn you. Now, I can see you every three months. We can monitor this thing. I can teach you how to get on top of it. Or I can see you in a couple of years. Now, if they manage to keep you alive until you get to the hospital, well, then we can chat about how high on your leg we need to amputate or maybe where the best Braille classes are. Okay, so what does this prove? You know, I don't know anything about this stuff, Allison. Yeah, I know. Me neither. But I know someone who does. Hey, I just wanted to let you know I'm heading out to Carefree. Paying a visit to Alan Gardner. That gallery owner who shot those three home invaders. Are you okay to drive? What'd you get, about 15 minutes sleep? No, I'm fine. I'm not going to be there long. I've just have a couple paintings in the car I asked him to take a look at. Hey, can I ask you something? Hmm? Sure. What did you say to him? What are you talking about? To Clay. Last night. You know what? I'm sorry I mentioned it. It was silly. I'm sure that there was nobody there. Okay. But what did you say to him? Hello? CLAY: He said, "She's mine." He said everything you'd want him to say. He said everything you'd hoped he'd say, if some crazy numbskull showed up on your doorstep with the idea that maybe he could have you back. Sorry. I-I lost you. Yeah, well, um, I don't know what to tell you. I don't know, exactly, what I said, and I really don't think it matters. You're right. It doesn't matter. I mean, I don't know what I was getting so worked up about. After all... I'm here. Till death do us part. Yes. And who knows. Maybe longer. I'll see you when I get home. I will see you when you get home. He's a good man. I know. I was wrong about why I'm here. And you were right. And I am smug, vain, selfish... even in death. None of this has anything to do with me. I finally figured that out last night. I'm not here to woo you. I'm here to help you. To tell you something that you otherwise wouldn't know. To redeem myself. And then, Allison, I think I'll be on my way. You sent me that dream last night, didn't you? The one with the cartoon? I know where you're going. And I know what you're about to do. And I know how it all ends up. But I need to get you to do something first. This is where I'm supposed to be. Mr. District Attorney, I'd like to introduce you to Alan Gardner. The gentleman who single-handedly stopped those three ruthless home invaders. This is an honor, sir. No, it's an honor meeting you, sir. Please. I apologize for not being made available to you sooner. I was a bit under the weather. But I just wanted you to know that this office stands ready to help you navigate whatever legal hurdles your extraordinarily brave actions may have created for you. Oh. Should I have brought my lawyer? Both the detective and Mrs. Dubois, the other night, seemed to indicate that... that... That shooting three people to death to protect one's own life is a perfectly justifiable course of action? Absolutely. So long as you can prove that you were in mortal danger, you have nothing to fear from the justice system. Well, is there any doubt about that? Doubts? No. No doubts, but questions. There are always questions. There's quite a lot of valuable art in your home, isn't there, sir. I own two art galleries. Of course there's art in my home. You may have heard, in addition to your home, and the two others in the Phoenix area, two others in the Southwest were also hit. Guess what they all had in common? Every family that was targeted, owned at least one major work of art. But I-I don't understand. I thought I read that nothing had been taken from the homes. The papers never mentioned anything about art being stolen. And it appears that none had, but then... Mrs. Dubois here developed a theory. Well, what if you could find someone who could paint near-perfect copies of modern masterpieces? You go into a home. You massacre everyone who lives there. You replace the authentic painting with the fake. Then while everyone is consumed with the grief and horror you quietly sell the priceless originals to wealthy collectors in the Middle East and Asia. Wow. You think that's what's been going on? Well, that's the reason I brought that painting to you yesterday. It came from the Costigan home after the massacre. I was really hoping to get your expert opinion as to its authenticity. Well, I'll sign anything. And happily testify under oath, the painting you showed me, the one you said came from the Costigan home, that's absolutely an original Armand Vartanian. Easily worth at least a million dollars. Maybe twice that, depending on the appetite of the buyer. So much for your theory. So you would be willing to sign a sworn statement vouching for the painting's authenticity? Well, I'd have no choice. Sorry about that. Mm. I appreciate this. And let me present you with this. And this is? That... that's a search warrant. Actually, the detectives should be arriving at your house right about now. To look for what? That painting that I brought you yesterday-- an old friend suggested, before I gave it to you, that I mark it in some way. So, on the back, where it would do no damage, I wrote the initials, "C.B." in indelible marker. That is the painting that you gave back to me. And, yes, it's the real actual painting. But it's not the painting I brought to your house. No initials. The painting I brought to your house was the one you had Olga Bankova paint. What are you suggesting? What are... What are you talking about? Those home invaders worked for you, Mr. Gardner. So did Olga. Although we're fairly certain she had no idea what she vas involved in until it was too late. When you realized I was going to pay you a visit, you thought I might be on to something. So you gave me the authentic painting to throw me off the scent. This is preposterous. DEVALOS: Really? What about the part where you suggested to your hired killers that you needed them to hit one more home-- yours. But, unlike everyone else, you weren't surprised when they showed up-- you were waiting. You can't prove that. Oh, I think we can. What was your story-- waiting at the top of the stairs? We think maybe you were hiding at the bottom. DEVALOS: According to ballistics, you shot those men in the back. Your dog, too. Now, if you'll excuse us, I need to give myself a little insulin shot and I'd love a word with you. Detective, read this man his rights. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be (in distance): used against you in a court of law. Nice work, Allison. I mean that. I'd like to think if I'd been feeling better I might have listened more and sooner. Don't worry about it. It's no big deal. It wasn't just me; I had a lot of help. Yeah, I know, your daughter. The cartoons. Yeah, and an old friend. Well, thank him for me, too. Yeah, well, if I see him, I will. ALLISON: Some say sleep is the death of each day's life. But I say sleep is the gateway to our dreams. And our dreams are the map of our humanity. Ever watch a child sleep? They almost always smile. They know what's coming. And adults? Ever notice how we try to tidy up our lives just before bed? Did you take your pills? Check your sugar? You die on me, I'll never forgive you. Don't worry. I'm not going anywhere. Or what a disappointment it is when we're lurched out of our sleep, (phone rings) or our dreams, by something unexpected. Scanlon. Hi. Who is it? Is it work? Uh... Want me to go? No. It's okay. It's nothing. Wrong number. Hey, Al. Allibaster. You know what I heard? That if I want it bad enough... if I try hard enough... sometimes, someone like me... can actually be felt... by someone like you. A great man once said, "If a little dreaming is dangerous, "the cure for it is not to dream less... but to dream more." Did you think I was just going to give up and let you dream this dream without a fight? Dream all the time. Yeah, I'm for that. Welcome to FRM 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 