Medium: Season 5, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Medium 
 s5e11 - The Devil Inside, Part One - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Medium (2005–2011): Season 5, Episode 11 - The Devil Inside, Part One - full transcript 
 Allison dreams of a man who thinks she is the Devil incarnate and threatens her. When her car breaks down the following evening, she realizes the tow truck driver is her stalker by the tattoo on his hand. When the police identify the man, Lucas Walker, they raid his now vacated home only to find a shrine of sorts dedicated to Allison the devil but also photos and information about her three daughters. The police put her house under guard and the Dubois' become shut-ins. Walker manages to get through the barrier however. Allison has also been dreaming about a man who has been abducting young women by gassing them. Meanwhile, Joe comes under pressure from his boss to get Allison if she can "see" whether a company he's thinking of investing in is a safe bet. Her dream about the women's attacker and the stock market turns out to be incorrect. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 "Dear Allison, I went to see you again today. "Guess I just had to have another look. "A closer look. "And God, you were beautiful. "Like an angel. "You really are. "Those pictures of you in the paper don't do you justice. "I had to wait so long just to catch a glimpse, "to get this close, "but it was worth it. "Because this time, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 "I know you felt me, too. "Of course you would have to be this pretty, "because what you do, the-the things you see are so ugly, "are so unnatural. "Oh, the devil is always the prettiest girl "or the best-dressed man at the party. "There is a natural order to things. "It is God's pattern, "and you break that pattern "when you offer your supposed wisdom "which you derive from things no mortal is meant to see! "I read about you, "and wonder: do you even understand "what a disruption you are to the natural order? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 "Do you even know "that you're an instrument of evil? "Or does the devil exploit your stupidity and somehow "convince you that you are on the side of the angels, "when in fact, "you are Beelzebub, Allison Dubois. "And so, "I entreat you, devil-woman... "stop. "Stop what you're doing. "It can't be allowed to continue. "I can't let it continue. "You have to be stopped. "Please stop... ...or I willstop you!" ALLISON DUBOIS - =?? ?? ?? ?? Ļ ??=- ???룺kidkitten ʱ???᣺???? - =?? ?? ?? ?? Ļ ??=- ¼??: ΰ??KK????? - =http:/www. ragbear. com=- ??ý???? ???弾??11?? Should we keep this one? Nope. Recycle. Keep? Yes, we definitely have to keep this. This is the electric bill. Something's wrong here. What's the matter, Bridge? Where the heck are the comics in this paper? I've flipped through it twice, but they're not in here. I mean, I think someone left them out. No one left them out. There's no comics in that paper. That's not that kind of paper. What are you talking about? Every paper has to have a comic. I mean, why else would anyone read it? Ariel's right, Bridge. That's a financial paper. It doesn't have any comics in it. Nothing to make you laugh, nothing to make you smile. Nothing but bad news about stocks and 401K plans. What's a four-oh-one K plan? About half what it used to be. Hey, look at this. Your daughter's cutting stuff out of the paper again. Oh, sweetie, you have to use the old newspapers for your paper dolls. Sorry, Mommy. It's okay. Keep? Uh, yes, honey. Mommy needs to keep this one. "The thought of hurting you fills me with profound sorrow. "You have to be stopped. Please stop, or I will stop you!" Underline, exclamation point, exclamation point. Conveniently unsigned. Quite the fan of excessive punctuation. It came in the mail this morning to my house. How concerned should I be? This is about five years worth, and, uh... ...this is one of my favorites. "Whore of Satan, don't run too far, or I will bleed you, like the pig you are"? Great. It even rhymes. I get about one of these a month. They come from the relatives of men that I sent to prison. I get them from people who dislike having a Latino district attorney. And-And from some people, I get them because they hate, just for hats sake. But at the end of the day, they all have one thing in common. What's that? None of the threats ever amounts to anything. Wait. So, you just put them in that drawer and do nothing? Actually... yes. Sorry I'm late, Terry. Oh, I called you on the spur of the moment. I understand. Don't do that. You're here to listen, not eat. You read the papers? The financial press? Uh... Uh, it's funny you should mention that. No. There's nothing funny about it. You R & D guys. Your heads are always in the future. Problem is, business is done in the here and now. It's about things you can see, hold in your hand. Things you can sell today. Not things in your head, things in your imagination. Things that don't exist yet. Anyway, if you read the papers, you know that the here and now is pretty damn bleak. And that includes the here and now at Cavanaugh Industries. How bleak is bleak? Bleak enough for me to ask you to take a hard look at your operation, Joe. Are we talking, uh, resources or-or people? I'm telling you to cut whatever's cutable. Look, Joe, without a fairly substantial cash infusion, Cavanaugh Industries is going to have to become a much leaner place. We're going to have to do 100% of the work with only half of the money and manpower. The key phrase being, "without a cash infusion. " And that's why I've asked you to meet me today. I... need a favor. I'm contemplating a stock purchase. A rather large stock purchase. You've heard of Richter-Mullis? Yeah, that's a defense contractor, right? Rumor is, they're about to be awarded a couple of huge government contracts. I got people telling me it's a sure thing. I also got people telling me not to go near it with a ten-foot pole. It's more of a gamble than I'm accustomed to. I need some advice on which way to jump. Wow, Terry. Uh... Markets and finances- that's really not something that I know a lot about. From your wife, Joe. We don't have a name. Looks to be about 17. Found in an abandoned apartment building in Paradise Plains. The building owner figured her for a junkie who broke in, got high, then fell down the stairs. Apparently, it's happened before. I take it the coroner doesn't agree. No. There's no needle marks. And the bruising to her face, the trauma to the skull - none of that's consistent with a fall. He feels pretty strongly that this girl was beaten to death. Do we have a clue as to who this girl might be? No, not yet. No reports of a missing girl matching her description. No matches on her prints or DNA... What would you say if I told you that-that I think she was gassed? I think someone subdued her using some kind of mask attached to a canister. Is there any way that... that you could test that? Is-Is it possible that she could still have some gas left in her lungs? Ariel, it's mommy. I'm heading home. Is Daddy home yet? Well, I don't know what to say. I can't make dinner till I'm home, and I'm not home yet, so... Well, listen, why don't you guys order a pizza? there's a coupon stuck on the front door of refrigerator. and then just go into Daddy's sock drawer. On the left-hand side, you can find an envelope with a bunch of money in it. But don't bother memorizing the hiding place, 'cause we're gonna change it tonight. WHAT THE HELL? Honey, I've got to go. I'm gonna have to pull over the car. I'm having some kind of car trouble, so I got to call the motor club. Okay. SEE YOU SOON. Motor club. Motor club. Wow. That was lucky. I hadn't even finished dialing the motor club. I was headed back from a job when I saw your smoke signal there. I can tow you to the nearest station, if you like. You can call it in while I hook you up to the rig. That would be great. Thanks. Your call is important to us. Please hold. - Your call is important to us... - All set. - Please hold. - Still on hold? I'll just radio it in while we're on the way to the gas station. Here. Get on in. Uh... no, no, no, no. I think I'd rath... I'd rather not. Is something the matter, ma'am? Uh, no. No, no, no. I just, uh... I just changed my mind. Um, I-I think I'm just going to wait here till my... my husband gets here. If you wouldn't mind just, uh... just unhooking my car? Actually, that makes almost no sense. The, uh... Well, the hard part is already done. Why don't you hop in, let me drive you to the nearest gas station? You can call your husband and have him meet you there. Come on now, Miss. The faster you get in, the faster you can get your car fixed, the faster you get back to your family. My family? How do... How do you even know I have a family? You already talked about your husband, and I can see your child's car seat in the back of your car. Just-Just unhook my car. I'll do whatever you want, but it's a short drive to the station. The motor club'll cover it, if that's what you're worried about. Unhook my car, or I'm going to scream. - Miss, please. - Hey! Hey! Unhook my car. Unhook my car! - HELP - You all right? Everything all right? Yeah, we're just fine. Lady wants me to unhook her car, and that's what I'm about to do. Is that all right? Lady, are you okay? Yeah, please just stay here with me, please. - Please. - Okay. READY SET GO! TOWING. Look, if this tow truck driver is in fact the man who wrote you those threatening letters, we're certainly not gonna have a difficult time finding him. Scanlon's on his way over to the towing company right now. But I'd be less than honest if I didn't tell you that I'm a bit skeptical. I mean, it does not make a whole lot of sense for someone who means to do you harm to come after you in a vehicle emblazoned with his name and phone number. You don't understand. I saw this man's hand. He had the exact same tattoo as the man from my dream. I even saw red ink on his fingers. Again, a lot of people have red pens. And the tattoo you're describing - well, it... It might be uncommon, but it's hardly unique. What you're saying makes sense, and I'd love to jump on the bandwagon and tell my wife that she's got nothing to worry about, but I just got off the phone with the service station where we dropped the car off. The mechanic there said it's the water pump drive belt that's broken. Actually, he said it wasn't broken at all. It wasn't even worn out. He said it had... it had been cut. That man knew where I was parking in the municipal garage. He cut that belt. Then he followed me till my car overheated. Excuse me. We have to do something. Yeah, Lee. So, here's the thing. I contacted Ready Set Go Towing. The driver of the truck's a guy named Lucas Harvey. I'm at his place right now. So what does he have to say for himself? Not much. He's not here. But I think you're going to want to get a look at this place. Okay. I'm at Allison's. Uh, give me an address, we'll head right over. I wouldn't do that. It should really just be you alone. You sure? Oh, yeah, I'm positive. Good God Almighty. Toothbrush is gone, dresser drawers are empty. We just put an APB out on him. This is... stunning. CAN PHOENIX TRUST ALLISON DUBOIS? Well, it gets worse. He's got a little magazine rack in the bathroom. This was in there along with all the porn. He's got it all here. When school starts, when school gets out. Clubs they go to, friends' houses. Pretty complete dossier on each of the girls. Okay. I need to get back to the Dubois house, talk them through this. Get some men to follow me over. I want a detail on that house 24 hours a day until we find this lunatic. Yeah. I wouldn't rush to get dressed for school today. I think there's something going on. Hello? Joe? Is that you? Terry, hi. Uh, Terry, hold on one second. Let me get someplace, uh, private and quiet where we can talk. God, you're harder to find than a whore in church. Called your office, called your cell... Sorry, sorry, uh, it's... it's been crazy around here today. So, what's the verdict on Richter-Mullis? Uh, excuse me? What did your wife say about the stock? Joe? Did I lose you? No, I'm here. Um, Terry... I - I haven't had a chance to ask her about it yet. Like I say, it's been, um, it's been a crazy day around here. When do you think this is going to happen? Tonight. Um, I'll make sure it happens tonight. Just stopped by to see how my favorite shut-ins are doing. So, basically you have no news? No, not yet. Look, the guy's gotta eat. He's gotta get a room somewhere, he's got to make a cell phone call and soon as he does, soon as he flips that thing on, soon as he pulls out a credit card this whole thing is over. How do we know that he isn't camping out somewhere? How do we know he hasn't brought a whole bunch of food with him? How do we know he hasn't got one of those, like, disposable cell phones? We don't. I don't know, the girls have to go to school. I - I have to go to work. Joe, come on. We've all known each other for a while. You gotta believe me when I tell you we're doing everything we can to reel this guy in. I know the confinement's hard. I know having officers standing out front's not fun. But honestly, all we're trying to do here is keep everybody safe. Excuse me, I'm gonna go check on the girls. I think he's under a lot of pressure from work. Yeah, I know. I get it, I really do. You mind if I change the subject? No, I wish you would. The Medical Examiner ran some tests on that 17-year- old Jane Doe from the abandoned apartment complex. Turns out she had a chemical in her system called Isoflurane. I'm sorry, I don't know what thats. It's a knock-out gas normally used to prep patients for surgery. Which means whoever did this to her is either licensed to use this stuff or knows someone who is. A doctor, anesthesiologist, maybe. Tell Joe, uh... No, no, no, don't worry. Let me take care of Joe. Thanks. Oh, hey, Hannah wants to know if I'm going to school tomorrow. Hannah wants to know if I'm going... I don't know yet, honey, I... Well, then, uh, she wants to know then if it would be all right if, uh, she drove by the house in the morning on her way to school to see the police outside? You know what? I'll just tell her no. Okay. Honey, I'm gonna leave the door open, okay? Sweet dreams. Just call us if you need anything, okay? Okay, love you. Okay, I went absolutely nowhere today. I did absolutely nothing and yet I've never been so tired in my entire life. I need to ask you a favor. Okay, I got this off the Internet. And this is an article about them that I found in the, um, in the financial journal that I just started getting. Here, here you go. Okay. Okay, let's see. "A small company with big hopes... " And then I can't read it because there's a doll-shaped hole cut in it. Yeah. Right, I know that but you know, you can still kind of get the gist of it. All right, I'm reading. Now, I'm reading... Now I know everything that anyone who read this knows. Maybe less, 'cause I don't really understand this stuff. What's... What is the point? Well, the point is, he wants your opinion. Isn't he the man who mocked me a month ago? Yes, but he's also the man that pays me each week. Okay. You know what, honey? This is ridiculous. It doesn't work this way. I don't work this way, you know that. No, I don't know how it works. I don't know what you're going to dream about tonight. Neither do you. Who knows, maybe if you, if you look at this stuff it'll... I wouldn't get my hopes up. You know I can barely balance our checkbook. Believe me, I know. Promise you, my hopes are down. Hey... You okay? You want me to call somebody? Sir, do you think some water would help? - Morning. - Morning. Heard you were running low on some groceries, so, I thought I'd bring over a couple of things, milk, coffee, doughnuts. Kind of a policeman's breakfast. Cool! I'm starting to think that maybe I want to be a policeman. Policewoman. There's also a couple things I'd love to fill you in on. News of this Lucas Harvey guy? I'm sorry, no. - Come on in. - Thanks. You both should know, we, uh, we've had an all-points bulletin out on this fellow for almost 36 hours now. He is going to be found. From your lips. Oh, and by the way, there are people working on bringing you over real groceries. They should, uh, make a delive later on today. More doughnuts? No, sweetie, we got plenty of doughnuts. Hey, girls, why don't you, um, offer these gentlemen a doughnut? Sure thing. This is her; this is the woman I dreamt about. Interesting. You're dreaming a bit outside our jurisdiction, Allison. This woman was murdered last night in Scottsdale. Their coroner sent these over. Her name is Cassidy Pearson. Her body was found not an hour and a half ago underneath the bleachers at the local high school. And did the coroner test her for traces of that gas? Isoflurane? Same chemical used on our Jane Doe. You got a phone call. It's Lucas Harvey. Keep him on the line as long as you can so we can get a trace. Wait. Wait... Hello? This is Allison. This is Allison Dubois. And this is Lucas Harvey. The man of your dreams. You have dreamt about me, haven't you? That's how you knew it was me the other night by the side of the road, right? What do you want? "For now I will stretch out my hand, that I may smite thee "and thy people with pestilence; and thou shalt be cut off from the earth. " Is that it? Is that what you're calling to tell me? I've been looking for you to show up at work. Looking for your little girls to show up at school. Yeah, well, I know a lot of people who have been looking for you, too. I take no pleasure in this, Mrs. Dubois. I take no pleasure in hunting down a mother and her babies. But God has a plan and there's no room in it for prophets. For seers. You toy with destiny. You mock the Almighty with your dreaming, with your second sight. Well, I'd like to believe it's God who gave it to me. I'd like to believe it's the Almighty that gave this to me. You can believe whatever you like. But you're wrong. Not that it matters. I have every confidence that you and the Almighty will be discussing it face to face in a matter of hours anyway. Really, now, who's the prophet now? Hello, hello? He was calling from a cell phone at the Arizona Center. We're still triangulating him, so, I'm assuming he's still making phone calls. Well, get as many units there as you can as quickly as you can. I'm going to hand you over to someone who can lead you right to him, hang on. I think maybe we finally caught a break. Thank you. Okay, ready. - One, two, three. - One, two, three. - War! - War! Go away, we're warring! Uh, Dad? The, uh, police guy who's monitoring the phone says that your boss keeps calling and they're trying to keep the phone lines clear in case the crazy guy calls again. So, he wanted to know, uh, do you mind if they keep giving him the busy signal and he suggested that maybe you want to call him directly from your cell? No, that's all right, I'll call him later. One, two, three! You lose! They found the cell phone that the call was made from. It was sitting on top of a Bible in the food court at the Arizona Center. But Lucas Harvey himself was long gone. That'll be your groceries. Are we expecting someone? It's groceries. Couldn't figure out if you were a paper or plastic kinda girl. Hope you don't mind, I went old school. Oh, Bridge, honey, can you show these men where the kitchen is? And you and Ariel can start putting things away? All right, that's what I call service. I wouldn't be too excited. Lucas Harvey's gone missing again. What? Found his cell phone but not him. We just have to hope that he calls again and we can pin him down sooner. Oh, my God. What if he doesn't? This guy is all about getting to Allison. There's no way he's just gonna disappear. He'll make a move. He'll call, he'll show up. We just have to be ready when he does. Does everybody hear that? What's that? Water running. I think Marie's playing with the bath again. Okay, four guys, five bucks each. Make sure I get a receipt, will ya? Thanks a lot. I thought there were five guys. There's four. Honey? It's holy water. To cleanse you with. You okay?! You hurt?! I feel so guilty. I brought him here... Me. Into our home. I exposed our whole family to him. You didn't bring him anywhere. He was crazy. Now he's dead. Still... Still what? You did not bring hihere. For what it's worth, the girls didn't actually see anything. And the person who did bring him here- Detective Scanlon- trust me, based on the look on his face when he left, he's feeling guilty enough for everyone. What if I just stopped? Stopped what? Stopped dreaming. Stopped seeing things. I didn't know you could do that. No, you know what I mean. What if I just stopped paying attention? Stopped telling anyone. What if I just pretended it wasn't happening? I didn't know that you could do that either. Come on, let's just get some sleep. It's night; we're safe. Lucas Harvey's dead. The boogey-man has boogied on out of here. Let's get some sleep, okay? With the close of the bell on Wall Street today, last night's Presidential address about Washington's plans to fix the troubled economy seemed to calm the markets. There were even a few big winners. Riter-Mullis's stock shot up sharply on news they had won several large government contracts. The time is currently 6:10 p. m. and here's Calleigh Newsome... Excuse me? Uh, sorry to bother you. You have the time? No, sorry, not wearing a watch. 2- T- H. D- O- C-1. 2- T- H-D-O-C-1. 2- T- H-D-O-C-1. 2- T-H-D-O-C-1, 2- T-H-D-O-C-1. 2- T- H-D-O-C-1. 2- T- H... D- O- C-1. Hey, what are you doing? It's a little after 6:00. We don't have to get up for another 45 minutes. But I had a dream. You are amazing. Last night you swore off everything psychic and then this morning you can't get out here fast enough to write down your dreams. Hey, you think the paper's here yet? Why? Can you grab it for me? Tooth-Doc1... Hey! I think this guy's a dentist! The one who keeps gassing these girls! What, you dreamt about him giving someone a root canal? No, look at his license plate number. 2- T- H-D-O-C-1. Tooth-Doc1. That's terrific. Can we go back to sleep now? Hey, the President give a speech last night? "President Addresses Economy in White House Speech. " You want me to read it to you? No, no, just that he said it. Because if he said it last night that means that my dentist hasn't killed the girl I've been dreaming about. Not yet. Not until just before sundown today. Oh, that's it? Oh, no, actually, you gotta tell your boss to buy that stock. It's gonna go up today, way up. Wait, you dreamt that, too? This is in the same dream? Yeah, actually... actually, it was. Tooth-Doc1, huh? That'd explain how he had access to Isoflurane. That's him! Jeremy Crane. There's his current address. You know what? I'm gonna head over there now. With any luck he's still home. We can grab him before he leaves for work. Hey, remember, if he's not there he's gonna abduct that girl tonight from Benedict Park at sundown. Don't worry, I'll send a couple squad cars over there now. North and South entrance, we'll stake it out all day. No, I'm holding for... for Terry Cavanaugh. Yeah, Joseph Dubois. Joe? Hi, Terry. Hi, it's Joe Dubois. Um, listen, I, uh, I wanted to get back to you on that, uh... on that, uh, the Richter-Mullis stock buy. Yeah, well, you could have knocked me down with a feather, but my wife actually went ahead and she had a dream about it. She said to go ahead and buy it. But to be sure and do it today. Hey, Lee, this is like the millionth message. I'm sorry to keep bugging you but I was wondering what was happening with our dentist, Jeremy Crane? Uh, was he at home? Did you guys pick him up? Are you at the park? Uh... Can you just give me a call, please? All right, don't worry out it. I'll call you as soon as I can. Hey, what are you doing? Returning your call. In person. But this... This looks like a picture of the woman that I dreamt about. But she looks dead. That's 'cause she is dead. But how can she be dead? I - It's barely sundown. You've been staking out the park all day. Well, that explains it then. This girl was found by a security guard dumped behind a restroom at a truck stop yesterday. And did I mention this truck stop's 20 miles away from Benedict Park? But I'm confused. What about Jeremy Crane? Did you find him? Did you arrest him? Well, I spent the whole day looking for him. Finally tracked him down about an hour ago but, uh, I won't be arresting him. Why not? Cause he's in the intensive care unit at Casa Valley Hospital. Has been for the past four months. That's not possible. I saw it. I saw him in the park killing this girl tonight. You saw wrong. Jeremy Crane had a stroke four months ago. The guy hasn't taken a breath without the aid of a machine ever since. He didn't kill this woman. He didn't kill any of them. No. Yes. You made a mistake. Like I did yesterday. Letting that guy into your home. But, uh, it's okay, no o got hurt. We live to fight another day. Are we talking about yesterday or today? I'm talking about all of it. I saw him. You think you saw him. I thought I knew who I was letting in your house. Go home. That's what I'm going to do. You have kids; I have a pregnant girlfriend. I know you're sorry, you know I'm sorry. Let's leave it at that. No, no, no, you know what? I'm not sorry. I saw it; I saw him kill her. I know what I saw! You're really not going to use our bathroom? Well, not yet. Not for a while. I'm just gonna go in the girls' bedroom. I'll be quiet; I'll go in their bathroom. Okay. Hang on a sec. This is gonna be for you. Hello? Joe? Hi, Terry. Am I disturbing you? No, uh, just getting ready for bed. Where are you? Somewhere in the middle of nowhere. Halfway between heaven and earth. You all right? You been drinking? The answer is yes and yes. I'm all right. And I have been drinking. Did you happen to check the market when it closed this evening? No, why? Everything all right? What did Terry say? Uh, Richter-Mullis. He was calling about Richter-Mullis. The stocks? What about them? I guess they were up... ...a little bit before lunch. And then they just fell off the face of the earth. The contracts that they were gonna get they didn't get and the, uh, contracts that they already had, I guess the government isn't gonna renew them. What does this mean? Um, I gotta start laying people off. Tomorrow. I guess the hope is that if I can lay off enough people, get my costs down enough, maybe I'll... I'll still have a company. Maybe I'll still have a job. Joe, honey, I'm so sorry. I heard it in my dream as clear as a bell. I swear. I heard it as clear as a bell. No. Please... Oh, God, please... Please, you don't have to do this. You're right, I don't. But the thing is. I want to. No... Hey! No fair. You always get to go first. I'm sorry, you're right. It's your turn to land the first blow. Go ahead, Boss, she's all yours. What the hell's going on down there? Why didn't you tell me you were having a party? Wow, I can't believe it. You were actually gonna start without me. Come on, stop your whining. You didn't actually miss anything. So, can I start this thing? You... You can't do this. I voted for you. My goodness. Your own husband... Brutalizing that woman. Aren't you going to call the police? Oh, that's right. The police were there. How do you know that? How do you know what I just dreamt? Oh, Allison, dreams don't just happen. They have to come from somewhere. They have to come from someone. And for the last little ile your dreams have been coming from me. What are you saying? The Bible is very clear. "For dreams have deceived many, and they have failed that put their trust in them. " You put your trust in dreams. You offer yourself as a false prophet. So, I've been making it my business to render those dreams useless. I'm simply doing God's work. "God's work"? Why else would he have allowed me to perish? So I could be here. I could do this. So I could make you see that dentist and his license plate. That was you? Or hear about that company that was so important to your husband. People are going to lose their jobs. Everything my husband ever worked for. The Lord moves in mysterious ways. It isn't ours to question. Misery and sadness, murder, brutality, it's all part of the plan. All essential to the balance. And now, as long as I'm in your head, as long as I'm the sculptor of your dreams, that balance can be maintained. Those that are meant to die will. No Allison Dubois to foretell their untimely ends and put a stop to it. Things will be as they are meant to be. Sweet dreams... bitch! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 