The Looming Tower: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Looming Tower 
 s1e9 - Tuesday - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Looming Tower (2018): Season 1, Episode 9 - Tuesday - full transcript 
 The CIA becomes aware that Al-Hazmi and Al-Mihdhar are gone and must relay that to the FBI. O'Neill accepts a job as head of security at the World Trade Center. Soufan is sent back to Yemen... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Your situation needs to be handled with discretion. Look at the intelligence structure that you've put together. Should you hand over the keys to this house so soon after its construction? They sent a fucking cable saying that this guy is coming into our country. 53 people from the CIA have read it. We're not sharing this yet? Vince, you got to trust the process. Diane will tell us when we can share. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 They're not passing anything on. They're saying it's not pertinent. Not pertinent? What the fuck does that mean? If they've got something, it's pertinent. Yes, I saw Agent Soufan's cable. We were wondering if you'd like us to pull the relevant intel, draft a response? Let's find out why I‐49 wants this information, and we'll go from there. Sound good? You recognize any of these goobers? Nope. Who are they? - I don't know. - You don't know? No, they just want me to see if you guys know. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Anything to add, George? No. I'd like to say that covers it, but when can we ever say that? We never can say that which is why we keep working. You reported directly to President Clinton, - did you not? - I did. You won't be needed to report directly to President Bush. You think flattery will get you to Abu Jandal. It will not. Why can't I speak to him? Because there is no need. "The New York Times" is gonna publish this story on you. - So kill it. - You need to resign. I've been here 25 years. You need to resign today. Is there someone in the United States that is a clear and present danger that I need to be worrying about right now, or are you talking about swatting flies? Because the President has told me he has no interest in swatting flies. George. We must speak. It appears we've lost our two Saudis, al Mihdhar and al Hazmi. I thought responsible eyes were on them. I thought so too. These guys are obviously craftier than we thought. Hm. Interesting. You know the definition of art? Boiled spaghetti thrown against a clean white wall. - Add sauce. - It's the expression or application of human creative skill and imagination. And you might be the most artistic person I know. On March 5th of 2000, the CIA learns that Hazmi had entered the United States on January 15th, seven days after leaving the al‐Qaeda meeting in Malaysia. But the CIA still doesn't put him or Mihdhar on the watch list and still doesn't notify the FBI about a very critical fact: A known al‐Qaeda operative, we're at war with al‐Qaeda, a known al‐Qaeda operative got into the United States. My question is, do you know specifically why the FBI wasn't notified about that critical fact at that time? The cable that came in from the field at that time, sir, was labeled "information only" and I know nobody read that cable. But my question is, do you know why the FBI was not notified to the fact that this al‐Qaeda operative was now known in March of the year 2000 to have entered the United States? Why did the CIA not specifically notify the FBI? Sir, if we weren't aware of it when it came into headquarters, we couldn't have notified them. Nobody read that cable in March... in the March time frame. So that this cable that said that this al‐Qaeda operative came into the United States came to your headquarters, nobody read it. It was an "information only" cable from the field, and nobody read that "information only" cable. - Should it have been read? - Yes, of course, in hindsight. And should it have been read at the time? Of course it should have been read at the time. All right, so my question is, do you know who should have read it? I don't know that, sir, but I can found out... Was somebody responsible to have read it? Well, a group of people. Somebody should have read it. Yes, sir. We need... we need to also look at where it came in to, but I can find that out for you. You don't know who that person was? - No, I do not. - Should they've been watch-listed? At the time? Both of them. Now we're talking March of the year 2000. Yes, sir, we've acknowledged that fact. Do we know why at that specific time now we know that Hazmi has entered the United States - this is another trigger point. - Yes, sir. They should've been watch‐listed. Who was responsible for watch‐listing at the time? I don't know the answer to that, but I will provide an answer. - Good morning, Dr. Rice. - Good morning. I want to ask you some questions about the August 6, 2001, President's Daily Brief. You said to us that the President directed the CIA to prepare the August 6th PDB, the extraordinarily high terrorist attack threat level on the summer of 2001 is well documented. You acknowledge that Richard Clarke told you that al‐Qaeda cells were in the United States. Did you tell the President at any time prior to August 6th of the existence of al‐Qaeda cells in the United States? Um, first, let me just make certain... If you could just answer that question, because I only have a very limited amount of time here. Did you tell the President? No, no, please. Please. Commissioner, it's important that I also address the other issues that you have raised. If you will just give me a moment... Well, my only question to you is whether you told the President... If you will just give me a moment I will address fully the questions that you have asked. Uh, first of all, yes, the August 6th PDB was in response to questions from the President. There was no recommendation that we do something about this. The FBI was pursuing it. I really don't remember whether I discussed this with the President. - Thank you. - I remember very well that the President was aware that there were issues inside the United States. He talked to people about this. But I don't remember the al‐Qaeda cells as being something we were told we needed to do something about. Isn't it a fact, Dr. Rice, that the August 6th PDB warned against possible attacks in this country? And I ask you whether you recall the title of that PDB. I believe the title was "Bin Laden Determined to Attack Inside the United States." There's no way that we... Can I help you? Sir, you're not supposed to be in here. The cockpit is off limits. Please return to your seat. My apologies. I thought this was the door to the lavatory. Please forgive the intrusion. Here are your drinks, gentlemen. Put this on your tab, Mr. O'Neill? Sure, thank you, Brenna. Thank you. Here's to being downgraded like an aging centerfielder who's lost his legs. It would appear the new regime no longer requires my services. I've lost my cabinet‐level status. I report to the Deputies Committee now. But they need you, Dick. If there's one person they need in the White House right now, it's you. It's got nothing to do with your legs, by the way. - Hm. - It's your mind which they're probably afraid of. Fucking bozos aren't interested in subtlety or actually learning anything about how al‐Qaeda thinks. I feel like I'm screaming from the rooftops and nobody's listening. Who's replacing you? I was actually going to suggest you. I'm serious, John. I have to admit I'm flattered, Dick, but... I'm the last person the White House wants to see. Those bastards don't want me anywhere near a cabinet meeting. But when you talk, people listen. You mean when I shout? This position needs a bull. You could make a real difference. I have a few offers I'm considering. Hm, so quickly he pivots to the private sector. Well, government salary is not exactly a huge incentive. I do have a wardrobe to keep up. Who's courting you? Larry Silverstein down at the World Trade Center for one. A few consulting gigs are offering top dollar. Financial firms, that type of thing. I really wish you'd consider coming to Washington. - I'd happily make a few calls. - Richard. My finances are in shambles. Plus, burned too many bridges. I don't have any friends left in D. C. You might be the only person who actually thinks I'm worth a damn. What about one Martin Schmidt? I hear he's also out of a job. Supposed to be some kind of test? He knows Bin Laden, al‐Qaeda. He practically speaks Arabic. - The guy's passionate. - You know damn well you don't want Martin Schmidt anywhere near the White House. I think your eyes just turned the color of hemlock. - What's up? - Uh, this just in from HQ. It appears that one Zacarias Moussaoui, he is an al‐Qaeda Frenchman, he was apprehended in Eagan, Minnesota, after it was reported by his flight school advisor that he wasn't interested in the "landing" part of the flying process. Uh, says local police found a laptop computer, two knives, Boeing 747 flight manuals, flight simulator, fighting gloves, and shin guards, and a computer disk with information about crop dusting. - What's with the shin guards? - Uh. Floor hockey enthusiast? I don't know what to make of this. Yeah, you and me both. Let's generate a list of all Arabs enrolled in domestic flight schools. Flag anyone with even a remote connection to terrorism: friends, family, radicals from every mosque. Copy that. The blast hit there. They park the van 20 feet in any direction and who knows how much damage it would've been. Can't believe it's been over eight years. So... is there anything I can do to sweeten the pot? Salary‐wise we're maxed out, but... let me see what I can do about the benefits package. Are you gonna throw in a new set of golf clubs? I'm sure that can be arranged. Look, it's a great offer, Larry, it really is. - But? - I still have to weigh a few more options. Well, take your time. But not too much time. Come in. - Hey. - Are those riding boots? The Spring Step Macbeths. On sale, 140 bucks. Someone needs to put you in a saddle. What's up? Um, I‐49 just sent over a list of Arabs who attended or are enrolled in U. S. Flight schools. Totals around 800 names. That's a lot of Arabs in our flight schools. Some al‐Qaeda guy in Minnesota was just busted because he was taking flight lessons but he wasn't interested in landing the plane. And what does I‐49 want us to do with this list? They'd like us to run it against our al‐Qaeda database. The big one. Suspected al‐Qaeda and anyone remotely connected. Friends, relatives, badminton partners. Forward it to me, I'll take care of it. Can you copy all these files for me, box them up, and bring them to my office? Will do. Come in. Uh, set it on the floor. Thanks, Leigh. Do me a favor and close the door? It's at The River Café. Nice. "Come say farewell to Special Agent John O'Neill." The invite's addressed to both of us? - How many years did he put in? - 25. I'd say a quarter century of service warrants a worthy farewell. Can I have a word with you in my office? I have a project for you. Of course. You probably want to get up to NYC to say good‐bye to your old boss, right? That would be great. Why? We need you to hand‐deliver this to I‐49. - Can I ask what it is? - It's files on those possible al‐Qaeda flight school suspects. The ones I cross‐referenced with our database. Make sure it goes to Intel. Why not Criminal? This is not a criminal matter. Have you ever considered joining our team? You think the CIA would actually be interested in converting a "hostage"? Alec Station might. I have to admit I've thought about it. Well, I'd keep with that line of thinking because I personally think you'd be a great addition. You okay, boss? Afternoon parties always depress me. Too bright out to celebrate. Where the hell is everybody, anyway? Don't worry, they'll be here. Party flyer was posted all over the office. Who's gonna pass up free drinks at the River Café? By the way, congrats. Chief of Security of the World Trade Center, it's got a pretty nice ring to it. Ring‐a‐ding‐ding. Look on the bright side: At least you don't have to worry about friggin' al‐Qaeda taking out our destroyers. Bombing our embassies. I won't ever stop worrying, Shaughnessy, I can promise you that. Something tells me those bastards are just getting started. We're gonna be late. So let's be late. All right. Thank you. "Special Agent Terence Waldie." You're new. - Just started last week. - Hm. Has the S.A.C. shown you what's in the secret storage closet yet? Not yet. Well, you may never look at roast beef the same way. Special Agent Toni‐Ann Marino. What, you just out of Quantico? Graduated in May. Mm, he's like freshly baked bread. I'm with I‐49 but I work out of Alec Station down in Langley. Can I ask what you're working on? I'm cold‐calling all U. S. Flight schools asking about every single one of their students. - Moussaoui follow‐up. - Yeah. Over 140 flight schools. I feel like I'm selling magazine subscriptions. Needles and haystacks. - You're telling me. - Well... I got some more fun for ya. You need to locate these guys. Uh, all of them? Welcome to I‐49. Hey, I was starting to worry. We got stuck in traffic. - Hi, Heather. - John, congratulations. Aw, thank you, although it feels more like a funeral than a party. I keep expecting to look up and see my own casket. You know, pallbearers, fake flowers everywhere. - You look lovely. - Ah, thank you, yeah. It's not often I get to throw one of these on. - Well, it's very becoming. - Thank you. Excuse me, I'm gonna run to the ladies room. Jesus. It's not like you're both a‐glow or anything. - Yeah. - Those new? They're Harrises. Nice, right? What happened to the Ferragamos? I'm having them re‐soled. They got all messed up in Yemen. Hm. Boss, I think I'm in love. Okay, careful now. That's the oxytocin talking. The what talking? It's the hormone we produce after fucking. It's like a natural love drug. Nah, it's more than a drug. Do yourself a favor, give it a few more weeks, and then you can start proposing to her. I'm pretty certain of my feelings. - Yeah? - Yes. Well, then I'm happy for you, Soufan. She seems like a great girl. Come on. Bring it in. What was that? You two gay now? Ah, you're just jealous. Hey, how about a titty twister, huh? I'm too fleet‐footed, and you're too old. Ah, go piss on a ficus tree. What... what's on that tie, anyway, - a Rorschach test? - No, it's a... And you know what? What I want to know is, how did this guy manage to stick around the Bureau for so long, huh? I'm like a fine wine. They never want to take me out of the cellar. Except when they need a good government dick in Kenya or other parts of the world where the water smells like used pantyhose. Well, I admire your long game, Chesney. My long game is about to come to an end. I'm callin' it quits after the holidays. No shit? I put my time in. My back's a wreck. My plantar fasciitis is killing me. So get some orthotics. I know a guy. What's up with you, Vince? You always got a guy. What I could really use is a couple weeks in Cancun and some fucking Viagra. You should have Soufan here teach you Arabic. He can't be the only one effectively busting al‐Qaeda balls. I could learn Arabic. You just want an excuse to travel so you can buy more high‐end jogging suits. In all seriousness, everything that went down in Kenya just about did my head in. It's time. Well, you've earned it, Chez. Well done. Thank you. I would like to buy an additional group of tickets. Again, I'll be paying in cash. Everybody. Everybody please raise a glass. If you don't have something, get something. Sometimes it feels like he hates you. But that's only because he actually loves you. Who said love can't exist without pain? He loves this country. I don't know anyone who cares about the safety of his fellow citizen more. John O'Neill. You will be missed. The Bureau didn't deserve you. We were the lucky ones. Cheers. Cheers. Such a beautiful skyline. Greatest city in the world. There's your new digs. Looks good from here. You know, for my 18th birthday my parents took me to Windows on the World at the top of the North Tower. The Wild Blue dining room. We had a view of the New York Harbor. While we were waiting for our food to come, I stood up, and I put my forehead right on the glass. And I looked down at the Statue of Liberty. She was so small and... perfect. You know? Like a thing you keep on a shelf. I felt like I could just reach out and grab her. It made my dad so nervous he made me sit down again. What's your dad got against the Statue of Liberty? No, nothing. It turns out he was afraid of heights, which I never knew. He ordered a double scotch just to get through the rest of dinner. He was terrified. But he still took his little girl to the top of the Twin Towers. - Did he let you drink? - Let me? It's my 18th birthday. I ordered a half‐carafe of the house red. That's my girl. What about you? You afraid of heights? Not if I got you to protect me. Come dance with me. - I'll be right back. - I can't come? - Not even a little peek? - I'm sorry. At least it's luxurious out here. Don't steal anything. Sir. You wanted to see me? Party's all done? Yeah. End of an era. Yes, it is. How fast can you pack? Getting better at it. I got to put you on a plane to Yemen as soon as possible. You're gonna follow‐up on what's left of the Cole bombing. This Moussaoui flight school situation has headquarters asking a lot of questions. There's obviously more al‐Qaeda activity than we know. Go pack. I'll call you within the hour. And let's try to smooth things out with Bodine. Would you care for a private dance? Your skin is like chocolate waterfall. Look at you all alone in the corner. Come join the fun. Someone with all that money shouldn't be such a party pooper. Hi, you've reached Heather. Leave me a message, and I'll call you back. Care for some tea? Just a glass of water, please. That is Vittel. Current scam. Local retailers refill empty bottles with tap water and then Superglue the cap, so it has that "crack." If it's not sealed in plastic, do not trust it. I forgot how quickly you can get dehydrated here. Eventually you get used to the heat, like anything. It's good to see you, Agent Soufan. Welcome back to Aden. Cheers. Cheers. Ambassador Bodine, I'd like to ask your advice about something. Shoot. I need to speak to Abu Jandal. He was being held for suspicion a few weeks back. I believe he's still in police custody. Can you help me? I'm afraid you'll have to go through General Qamish for that. He's a good man. Ali, spend some time with him. Let him get to know you a little. Anybody home? So, did you hear about Ahmad Shah Massoud? Yeah, I heard that he was killed, but I don't have the details. It was a suicide bomber. They got the Great Lion of the Northern Alliance. Meaning al‐Qaeda, huh? Yes. It's been a busy time for them. They shoot off their guns in celebration. Such a waste of bullets. You'd prefer fireworks. Yes, perhaps. You are really quite American, aren't you? The loose gunfire reminds me of my childhood. Bullets at all hours. Never knowing into what direction they're being fired. It's a sound that's never left me. You ever return to Lebanon? Too many bad memories. So tell me. You invited me to eat with you here... under the stars. I assume Ambassador Bodine suggested this. Is there something you need from me? I need to speak with Abu Jandal. I'm starting to believe you are more persistent than your boss. I know Jandal knows something about the Cole attack. We've been keeping Abu Jandal for months, and Chief Amin has come up with nothing. I don't trust Amin. This is too bad. Perhaps you should. Let's enjoy the meal. Thank you. How's it going today, Michael? Fine, thanks, John. What can I get for you? Coffee, light and sweet, and a bear claw. You got it. Here you go. - Have a good one. - You do the same. Thanks, bro. Next. Morning, fellas. - How you doing, John? - How's it going? Another day in paradise. That's one word for it. - Morning, Kate. - Morning, Mr. O'Neill. - Beautiful day out there. - It certainly is. I put some 401(K) forms on your desk, - but there's no rush on it. - Thanks. On March 5th, the CIA learns that Hazmi had actually entered the United States on January 15th, seven days after leaving the al‐Qaeda meeting in Malaysia. So now the CIA knows Hazmi is in the United States but... the CIA still doesn't put Hazmi or Mihdhar on the watch list and still does not notify the FBI about a very critical fact, a known al‐Qaeda operative, we're at war with al‐Qaeda, a known al‐Qaeda operative got into the United States. My question is: Do you know specifically why the FBI was not notified of that critical fact at that time? The cable that came in from the field at the time, sir, was labeled "information only" and I know that nobody read that cable. But my question is, do you know why the FBI was not notified of the fact that an al‐Qaeda operative now was known in March of the year 2000 to have entered the United States, why was the CI... why did the CIA not specifically notify the CIA... that's my... the FBI? Sir, if we weren't aware of it when it came into headquarters, we couldn't have notified them. Nobody read that cable in March... in the March time frame. So that the cable that said that Hazmi had entered the United States came to your headquarters, nobody read it. Yes, sir, it was an "information only" cable from the field and nobody read that "information only" cable. Should it have been read? Yes, of course, in hindsight. Should have it been read at the time? - Of course it should have been read. - All right, my question is, do you know who should have read it? I don't know that, sir. - But I can find that out. - Was somebody responsible - to have read it? - Well, a group of people. Somebody should have read it, yes, sir. We need to also look at where it came into, but I can find that out for you. You don't know who that person was. I do not. Should they have been watch‐listed at the time? Both of them, now we're talking March of the year 2000. Yes, sir. We've acknowledged that fact. Okay, do we know why at that specific time, now we know that Hazmi has entered the United States - this is another trigger point. - Yes, sir. They should have been watch‐listed. Who was responsible for watch‐listing at that time? I don't know the answer to that question, but I will provide an answer. I don't remember the al‐Qaeda cells as being something that we were told we needed to do something about. Isn't it a fact, Dr. Rice, that the August 6th PDB warned against possible attacks in this country? And I ask you whether you recall the title of that PDB. I believe the title was "Bin Laden Determined to Attack Inside the United States." synced & corrected by PopcornAWH www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 