The Looming Tower: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Looming Tower 
 s1e6 - Boys at War - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Looming Tower (2018): Season 1, Episode 6 - Boys at War - full transcript 
 Vince continues asking for permission to share Mihdhar's visa with the FBI. O'Neill loses his briefcase and an investigation into his handling of classified materials begins. A boy, ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Mohamed? Mohamed? This is Ayman alZawahiri. Tell the Americans we can take on the United States. The war has only just begun. Anybody else handle this device besides you? I said I locked it up, man.  Okay. What exactly do you want from me? I definitely want us to be more than buddies. You've been flagged for recent expense patterns. I'm having dinner and drinks with important people. You need to start living within your means. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Sir, your card has been declined. Really?  There is a chain of command by which decisions are made. Your boss has yet to learn this lesson. Use the chain of command. It exists for a reason. In other words, get the hell out of my office. Sanchez, you and Louie can go fuck yourselves. By the way, that open slot heading up the New York office? I just found out Louis Freeh's D. C. Guy got the job. Sanchez. One of the best. Martin, you started this. Nobody else at the Agency foresaw what's happening with alQaeda. You are the prophet. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You have my undivided devotion, Martin. They sent a fucking cable saying that this guy is coming into our country, that he has a Saudi passport and a U. S. Visa. Welcome to America, sir. 53 people from the CIA have read it, and we're not sharing this yet? Diane will tell us when we can share. I'm calling O'Neill. Wait. There's a reason for the wall. There is a reason. They're here. They're here in America. We have no idea what we're up against. We are Muslims. We are Muslims who believe in their religion, both in ideology and practice, and hence, we tried our best to establish this Islamic state and Islamic society. We have sacrificed, and we are still ready for more sacrifices. Your English is perfect. No one is perfect. I want to rely on you to fix things for us in America. Dr. Zawahiri, I'm at your service. I will do all that I can. This is the world you're dealing with. This potentially explosive, dangerous world. Your situation needs to be handled with discretion. So long as you're here, Alec Station's been left in good hands. I believe that. I was taught well. Let's examine... You've built an operation based outside this country. That's where all roads lead.  Away from here. Southeast Asia. So, take a step back and look at the intelligence structure that you've put together painstakingly. Should you hand over the keys to this house so soon after its construction? Do you allow others to unlock doors, to poke around, remove posts and beams? Collapse the intricate structure that you've erected? This is the decision you need to make. You have the clarity of mind and sense of purpose to arrive at the right choice. Are you writing a book? I'm not sure yet what it is. Maybe. It may be a book. Can I ask what it's about? I try to follow Samuel Clemens' dictum of write what you know. I don't know much, but what I do know I know well. You know me better than anyone ever has. Can I be... I need to be perfectly honest. It's okay, I shouldn't No. I'm sorry, I  No, will you please Nothing. Still nothing. She's probably trying to get some answers for you. Really. You think? Could be. I don't know why you keep assuming the worst in people. I think we saw something we weren't supposed to see. How do you say cunt in Arabic? She wants you in her office in three minutes. Three minutes? Not two? Not four? She said three. Come. You wanted to see  Close the door. You are, at times, on the receiving end of classified intelligence. More than 50 people inside Langley know about Mihdhar. You need to understand something, and I want you to understand it deeply and clearly. You are never the decider of what to do with that intelligence. You may recall a night when you endeavored to remove classified materials from this office. The Professor was forgiving enough not to prosecute you. I am not so forgiving. When you receive classified intelligence, either by happenstance or by design, if you reveal that intelligence to anyone outside this Station, intelligence that I have not personally cleared, I will see to it that you are handcuffed, that you are escorted from this building, that you are imprisoned and tried for theft and treason. Now get the fuck out of my office and close the door behind you. Vince. Thanks for coming by. Good to see you.  Found it, finally. You've been up here before.  I've never been upstairs. They keep us squirreled away in the basement. This whole visitor deal between the Agency and the Bureau, there's a reason we call it the hostageexchange program. Can I get you a drink? We just put in a long day keeping America safe. I think we deserve a scotch. Yes? Sure. Has been a long day. Okay. Are you married, Vince? In a relationship? Not married. In a, you know, relationship or two. I remember those days. Makes it easier. I'm not following. Right. Let me back up. I'm trying to make some changes at Alec Station, and one of them is making sure that as many operations as possible are done handinhand with the Bureau. The best work between the Agency and the FBI is done on the ground, out in the field. And I hate to see an experienced agent like you stuck in a windowless cubicle day after day. Especially one who speaks, how many languages? Three? Four, actually. Well, including English. Well, French, Spanish  And Italian. Impressive. We have an operation in Morocco next week. Now, I would be happy to reach out to your boss, but maybe you should talk to him yourself. What do you think? So... so I wouldn't be the responsible liaison anymore between Alec and I49? You would gather intel firsthand, in the field, and pass it directly to the Bureau. Well, I'll tell you the honest to God truth I'd love to get the hell out of this office. Travel a bit, get back to what I used to do. I'd like that for you too. We've reached an understanding? How you settling in, boss? Much better view than you had in D. C. Hello, John. Good to see you.  You all set up? I can help find you an apartment if you need one. II got people all over the city. I have a realtor looking. I prefer not to be beholden to anybody out there doing me a special favor. You understand. Sure. Sure, of course. Listen, these are for you. Welcome to Gotham. I want to say, um, you know I've had had my differences with Director Freeh. On occasion with you too. But I hope we can make a fresh start, bury the hatchet. I want you to know that I'm here to support you. I'm on your team. You tell me what you need. I appreciate that, John. I really do. And I'm glad you stopped by. Would you sit for a sec? Yep. Yeah. A couple of things. As you can imagine, I've been briefed on the ongoing investigation into your finances. I hope you will continue to cooperate. Yes. Of course. On an unrelated note, it's come to my attention that you're nearing your 25th year at the Bureau. This is an unrelated note?  It's standard procedure. Mandatory for anybody coming up on their 25th year. You learn the pension benefits, health care, a little financial planning advice, and you get a free trip to Florida. You know, there's several guys who are a lot older than me floating around the office. And they're gonna get their dates as well. But this week is for you. Things are pretty busy this week. It's mandatory. All right. I can visit Space Mountain. Whatever works for you. It's good talking to you. Welcome to New York. Congrats on the promotion. See you at the end of the week. John. I appreciate the gift. I really do, but I don't smoke. You'll get more use out of these than I will. I'm not replacing these with a heartshaped box of chocolates, if that's what you're looking for. Understood. I don't eat much chocolate anyway. I bet you don't. And John. Those aren't Cubans are they? 'Cause last I checked, we still have an embargo with Castro. No clue. I was regifting. So, the good news for y'all, given that you've passed that 20year mark, given that you're coming up on year 25yay is that you're moving from the possibility of halfpay retirement into threequarters pay, which is as high as you're gonna get. Y'all have reached the mountaintop, people. Enjoy the view. Also, completely separate...  Yeah. Hey, guess who's almost done packing? Packing? Packing for what? You shut up. You know for what. And I'm gonna get there in New York City and I'm gonna break out my stash of Victoria's Secret, and I'm gonna blow your freakin' mind. Wait. Is it Mom? Johnny. You're disgusting. Don't you pretend you don't know who this is. Don't you pretend you haven't been crying yourself to sleep every night just waiting for me to get there. I hope you're clearing space in your dresser for my new panties. Don't worry. They're teeny, teeny tiny, Johnny. Darling, listen, I got you a sweet apartment for the time being. You what? I thought I was moving in with you. No, no. Not just yet. Not right now. I've got some linguists staying with me. You what? Some linguists. Doing some translating. Security. I need to talk to security. Yes, sir. Can I ask your room? Now. Yes, sir. Um, yes, we need someone at the front desk right away. Okay, thank you. Three hours. It's out of my hands for three hours. Okay. Found it in a dumpster around back. So what's missing? Cash. 500 bucks. Cigar cutter. The gold one? Yeah. And what about the classified papers? All there. There. But... What? Nothing. It... Itit seems like they weren't messed with. It seems like... simple robbery. But there's no way to tell for sure. No. So... Do I tell him? Um, John. I... I'm an English Professor. I'm not You're an ethical person. You're a logical thinker. Help me out. Okay. I think there are two issues. The first is the moral one. You broke the rules. So you decide whether it's important to turn yourself in. The second issue what if something happens as a result of the documents being read? They weren't taken, but they might have been read. I don't know what's in them, but I assume they're classified for a reason. Am I right? John? John. Thanks for coming in. Go ahead, Mike. We dusted the entire case, inside and out. Several distinct, identifiable fingerprints on the exterior, including yours, Mr. O'Neill, your secretary's, two members of the hotel security staff, and one other we didn't have in the database. As for the classified documents, we found two sets of prints yours and your secretary's. I looked at the forensics and the criminal report, and we feel it's safe to assume that this is a simple case of robbery. Thank you... All right, all right. Well, I hope we can... hope we can put this to bed now and move on. Keep it internal, within the New York Office. John... can you tell us what happened a few months ago with your Palm Pilot? Excuse me? It's come to our attention that it was out of your possession for a period of time and that it was returned to you by a D. C. Transit cop. Who brought it to your attention? That's not important. It's important to me. It's my personal device. It's none of your business whether it was out of my possession. I think it's fairly clear, that given what was in your briefcase, you're not terrific at separating the professional from the personal. Mike's gonna have to inspect it, make sure there's no classified contacts, determine whether anything was electronically copied. Have fun. You done with this? Yes, sir. I am.  You sureyou sure? Yes, sir. Nice shoes, man. What the fuck? Boss wasn't crazy about what I was wearing before. Ferragamos, dude? For moving furniture? They're weirdly comfortable. Tell me about it, I got six pair. And I was working today. I didn't have time to change into my designer track suit and Air Pippens. Shit. You bustin' on me, you little bitch? Finally get a day off Langley, you bustin' my chops about my clothes? No, it's a good look. Works for you. You're fucking right it does. And they're Pippen 2s, you cocksucker. My God, you guys, thank you so much. You're the greatest. It's one flight up. On the right hand side. Johnny was supposed to be here.  We got it, Sheri. I don't know where he is.  It's all good. - He's here? - Yeah. John! You're here. You're here. Yeah, baby. I missed you. I missed you, I missed you. I miss I missed you so much. You're not even tan, weren't you in Florida? Yeah, yeah.  God, I missed you. How are you? I'm perfect. Everything's perfect. Especially now. Have become the second catcher on this ball club... Elaine. Hey, Elaine. Hey, turn this bullshit off, will you? We got the Mets playing. You're in Manhattan, Gordo. We watch the Yankees in Manhattan. You tell him, Elaine. Get yourself to Flushing, you want the Mets. Yeah, I might just go to Flushing, cheaper beers there, that's for sure.  But then of course, you walk outside, you're in Flushing. I thought you said his girlfriend's name was Liz? The one I met was named Liz. - Are they still together? - No... What does that mean?  It means I work with the guy. I don't question his personal life. You spend most of your time with him. You travel with him.  Yeah, Heather. I love these guys. I'd trust them with my life. But we don'twe're not the same. We don't all want the same things. So tell me. Tell you what?  Tell me what you want. This. A blonde girl?  That blonde girl. Not too many of those in Beirut? Not too many Arabs in small town Ohio. So we're both exotics? I'm attracted to the difference. I can admit it. Okay. But that's not what really draws me in. What draws you in? Where we connect. Where's that? . Here... and here... and there. Nah, I'm telling you, I miss it. Really? All the time. Upstate New York? Yeah. What the hell is there to do up there? What is there to do? Well, II used to fish. I mean, there's a beautiful stream down the hill from my house. I'd camp on the weekends.  Like out in the woods? Yeah, out in the woods.  Like sleeping on the ground in the woods? Yeah. What? You've never gone camping? No, buddy, I have not.  Well, I will take you camping some time.  No, no, Floyd. You're gonna love it.  No, I'm from Queens. We don't do woods. I guess they think I'm doing a good job. So they want to move me up, make me operational. I'm telling you, boss, if it's cool with you, it'd be great to get out of that office. Fucking Alec Station, man, it's like toxic down there. Like they Shut up. What? Shut the fuck up. You out of your fucking mind? Boss, I think, and they think, I could actually be more effective They don't want to send you abroad because they value you. They want you overseas so you trip over your own balls. So if something goes wrong, they can blame it on you. Hey. What are you talking about? Come on, who are you to them? You're me. You're my eyes and my ears. That's why they don't want you over there. Because I trust you to tell me what's going on in that basement. To get your hands on the intel, pass it on to me so I can act on it. They want you gone so they don't have to deal with me. I understand. You understand? I do. I understand. Vince. They're on me. Feel like they're trying to force me out. Why? I don't know. What's going on?  I don't fucking know. You get your ass on that train tomorrow morning, go back to Virginia, and do your job. You do your job. You find out what they know. Then tell me. Walla? Walla. Zoom. "Zohm." Zohm? "Zooom." - Zoom. - Zoom. Walla. Walla. Walla. Hey! And over a dozen are unaccounted for. An attack took place today as the USS "Cole" was in port near the port city of Aden. The battleship, a navy missileguided destroyer... En route to the Persian Gulf. A small boat with two or three men aboard approached the navy ship. Destroying much of the engine room. The explosion was just below the mess deck where dozens of sailors were lining up for lunch in the galley. Reports are... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 