The Looming Tower: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Looming Tower 
 s1e8 - A Very Special Relationship - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Looming Tower (2018): Season 1, Episode 8 - A Very Special Relationship - full transcript 
 Everyone adjusts to a new president and, with it, a shift in threat priority. Soufan learns of the importance of Osama bin Laden's bodyguard and is refused access to him. O'Neill is denied ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 If al-Qaeda did this, it is an act of war. The FBI will collaborate with the Yemen government and make as small a footprint as possible. Who the fuck's in charge here? I am. Who are you? He's saying that if you want to know about the house, talk to Quso or long name. You give me reason, I give you Quso. I need you to clear a path for us. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 17 dead Americans, and their blood's gonna be on your hands. Ask him if it's for a guy named Khallad. I found about the man you want... Khallad. I'm having a bit of a problem here with one of your guys. Truth is, I'm in sort of a bind. I thought you said his girlfriend's name was Liz. The one I met was named Liz. Well, you'd better tell her the truth about your wife. That problem we recently discussed? Our problem. It's being taken care of. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I want to rely on you to fix things for us in America. I'm at your service. Good evening. Just moments ago, I spoke with George W. Bush and congratulated him on becoming the 43rd president of the United States. I, George Walker Bush, do solemnly swear... I, George Walker Bush, do solemnly swear... That I will faithfully execute the office of president of the United States. That I will faithfully execute the office of president of the United States. I count myself extremely fortunate to be back and have the opportunity to serve a new president. I thank you so much for the confidence you've placed in me, for the honor you do me. Honored by your call to service and looking forward to it. It's gonna be a lifetime very rewarded. Thank you, sir. She canceled? New assistant. All his fault. - How's next week? - How about now? Rest assured, she's making time for an interview with "Vogue." First African-American woman national security advisor. Yeah, it's a big deal. I get it. Get me Condoleezza Rice on the phone right now, please. Annie Leibovitz will photograph. They called me for a quote. She doesn't get it. None of them do. Every new administration must be brought up to speed on the current national security climate. Eight years ago with Bush Sr., - it was all about the Russians. - Right? So now it is again. Anything Clinton cared about must have been bullshit. He went north? We'll go south. Meanwhile, the threat matrix is through the roof. That's what I'm trying to tell her. Try harder. Get their attention. Scare the shit out of 'em. Yeah. She will call me back. Sure. She's a busy lady. And if you are just joining us, we have breaking news to tell you about: a terrorist convicted of 213 counts of murder in the 1998 bombing of the American embassy in Kenya will be sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. - Yes! Yes! - Chesney! Chesney! Chesney! Chesney! Chesney! Chesney! Chesney! Chesney! Justice was served. So much time, so much effort... a hero. - Yeah. - Yeah. The American justice system worked. You should all sleep very well tonight. This is all you. Are you proud? I couldn't have done it without Kathy and Floyd. - Oh, shut up. - Ohh. No... go back to work. Now they're gonna want to make a martyr out of him. Listen, I put in a request. You're gonna do a language school intensive, learn Arabic. I don't want to do that. Well, you learned Romanian, didn't you? It can't be as hard as Romanian. It's too late for me. I'm coming up on retirement, - same as you. - So what? They're not gonna push you out the door. They need you. When it comes, I'll be ready to go. I know. I know. Don't worry. It's a good idea. Ah. No, of course. He's here right now. I'll ask him. Okay, then. Bye-bye. But, Dad, you can't have another one until midday. I know it hurts. Yes, okay. I promise I'll call the doctor. I'll see you later... Okay. Thank you. The aircraft is controlled from the cockpit, or flight deck. The pilot sits in the left seat, and the copilot sits to the right, with the control column located in the center. In front of them is the instrument panel containing the flight controls enabling a smooth and safe flight. The pilot and copilot examine the aircraft logs and verify that all the controls are in the proper position... Even as a kid, I knew most Americans really didn't get it. They didn't understand how the world worked, what was fake and what was a bullshit distraction from the way things really were: corrupt... evil. I knew there were good guys and bad guys, and I wanted to be one of the good guys. But at the same time, I appreciate I can be overzealous. I also appreciate that sometimes the right thing to do is to turn the other cheek. You pulled me out of Yemen in the middle of an investigation. I'm not gonna ask why or what that's about. I'm just here to tell you that the investigation was going well. I picked the right case agent too. Soufan's young, but he's whip-smart. Presumably the Yemenis trust him. He's from around there, correct? He was born in Lebanon. They don't trust him any more than they trust any American. Less, maybe. But in spite of this, he was the, you know, right man for the job. If you say so. I made personal connections with some of the key players, got some leads, but they know more. Like to get back over there before they forget how much they like me. So when am I going back? You're not. You've been denied reentry into Yemen. Who did that? Ambassador Bodine. Apparently you didn't make personal connections with all the key players. Did she say why? She said a lot of things, but reading between the lines, I'd say she thought you were kind of an asshole. Khallad rented the house the bombers stayed in. We have to assume he was running the operation on the ground. And we also have to acknowledge that's an assumption. So what do we know for sure? One leg. Fantastically identifiable characteristic. He traveled from Malaysia to Bangkok to meet Quso. Quso told you he gave him 36 grand. Said it was for a new leg. Which I do not believe. And I'm taking a second run at Quso later. Good deal. Have you talked to your people at Langley? I told them what we're looking for. Yeah, I also told them what we're looking for, but did you get an answer? 'Cause I didn't. He read in his "Lonely Planet Yemen" that the best food here was the street food. So white. You asked them for any information about Khallad or anything from the Malaysia meeting, the take from the Hada phone? Yup. And you told them we can't move forward until they quit stonewalling? I didn't put it like that exactly, but... Yeah, basically. And? So yeah... as you predicted, absolutely, there were phone calls made from Quso's hotel room in Bangkok to the Hada phone in Yemen and from there to a payphone in Malaysia. Wait, Chihoyne, you kind of buried the lede. We're getting those transcripts? No. I mean, they're not passing anything on. They're saying it's not pertinent. "Not pertinent"? What the fuck does that mean? If they've got something, it's pertinent. I-I don't know, man. What do you mean, you don't know? Why am I going through you if you can't get any fucking answers? Fucking bureaucrat. Why don't you take it down a notch? A bunch of Americans got blown out of the water and shipped home in pieces, but let's take it down a notch because the Agency is the Agency, and what are you gonna do? Look, Ali... Ali, just... Aw, come on, let's take it down a notch, Floyd. They all get their period at the same time or something? Yes, I saw Agent Soufan's cable. We were wondering if you'd like us to pull the relevant intel, draft a response. If Leonard Bliss wants a response drafted and you are required in that effort, then you will be alerted at that time. In the meantime, should we let Agent Soufan know... In the meantime, you will continue with what you were doing before he interrupted. We get hundreds of cables a day, and... we do not dash off responses like flighty co-eds. I should get back to work. I don't want to dash anything off, but obviously his request is time sensitive. The Bureau and the CIA were established as two distinct and separate organizations for security reasons. We don't always have the same goals, and sometimes our goals conflict with each other. It is my belief and the belief of my colleagues that... Schmidt? He doesn't work here anymore. That there is no reason on God's green Earth to jeopardize our own missions by solving the Bureau's crimes for them. How about this? Let's find out why I-49 wants this information. Let's find out what they know already, and we'll go from there. Sound good? Excuse me. Yeah? Can I have one more hour, please? Uh, sure. It's not booked till 5:00. Thank you. I'll be right there. Hi, Toni-Ann. Listen, tomorrow I want you to take these photographs to your G-men buddies over at I-49 and see if they recognize anyone. Well, I recognize al-Mihdhar. But will they? It's important that we understand what they know. That way, we can assess what information is or isn't pertinent to their inquiries. And if they know nothing? Then come and tell me that. Mm. Hmm? They gave you a day pass, huh? Can't wait for parole. I bet. You recognize any of these goobers? Nope. Who are they? You don't recognize them? Should I? Who are they? This is Khalid al-Mihdhar. What the fuck is this, "quid pro quo, Clarice"? Who are the others? I don't know. You don't know? No, they just want me to see if you guys know. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. But they know, right? I mean, these are their photographs. Yeah, I assume. You assume? You didn't fucking ask? It doesn't work like that. - What the fuck, Toni-Ann? - All right, all right. So this is al-Mihdhar. What else do you got? Do you got a birth date? - No. - You got a passport number? - No. - These are fucking useless. - What the fuck is this? - Okay. So thanks for the help. You come in here. You show us these photographs. - You won't say why. - I don't know why! They keep this shit up, more people are gonna get killed. - It's fuckin' pathetic. - What the fuck is this? Got any other fucking photographs? Whose side are you on? The fucking Agency is turning our own people against us. You got a complaint? Write it up, you put it through the proper channels. Okay, yeah. I'll go out and buy myself a stamp. How about you drop the attitude? How about you show some loyalty to your men? Where the fuck is John? He should've been here today. He got called to D. C. How convenient. I bet he did. Hey, Bob. Forget John! I'm your boss! Exactly. I don't know. If Mr. American Ali doesn't want to talk anymore, let us end this conversation. Great. Take him away. He never even met Bin Laden. When you showed me the list of suspects held here in Yemen, Abu Jandal was on that list, correct? How can I remember? I remember. Get him. Now. Unfortunately that won't be possible. You want me to go to Qamish again? Embarrass you again? Shh! Go to who you like. No one will let you speak to Abu Jandal. Are you giving her a ride? Did her car break down? Amy approached me with some concerns regarding Mr. Ali Soufan's recent correspondence and your instructions as to response or lack thereof. She approached you? She was concerned you wouldn't take her seriously, whereas I think I've developed a reputation among some of the analysts as having a somewhat avuncular energy. Oh, have you? She raises some good questions. I assured her you'd be reasonable. I appreciate that the Bureau and the Agency play different roles, but at the same time, international terrorism may call for some adjustment in terms of how we deal with intelligence issues. I think that's very interesting. The FBI has an intelligence branch. But it's hard for me to see a downside. Am I missing something? If we tell the FBI everything, they will run around the world arresting minor players... Often minor players from Saudi Arabia. There will be headlines. Mr. and Mrs. Smith from Shitsburgh, Pittsburgh, will be outraged by America's special relationship with the Saudi royal family. After all, the Saudis harbor terrorists, or so the FBI says. And the fundamentalists in Saudi Arabia will be equally angry because clearly the Americans seek a war on Islam. Royal heads will roll. The fundamentalists will overrun the Palace, and their brethren throughout the Middle East and beyond will be emboldened. Civil wars every which way... Iran, Iraq, Syria, Egypt, Pakistan. And as the blood dries and fanatics rule the East, Mr. and Mrs. Smith will be chowing down on their cereal, not yet understanding that a seismic shift just took place in the political structure of the Earth and they are fucked. Our job is very simple. Saudi Arabia must never go down. We have a delicate but very... special relationship. Oh... look at that. I'm low on gas. I see. I'm sorry. Thank you for your time. You're tired. Take a sick day tomorrow. Actually... take the week. How often should a married couple be making love? Radicalism prospers in the gap between rising expectations and declining opportunities, especially where the population is largely impoverished, where the art is impoverished, and where the men are largely separated from the women. That is why we believe we are seeing an abundance of it in the Middle East as well as North Africa, central Asia, Pakistan, Afghanistan. Now, the origins of Islamic fundamentalism, we can save for another day. But it's impossible to understand... Richard. Question? I have a lot of work to do. The president has a lot of work to do. So what I need from you today is the short version. How are you going to advise the president if you just skim the "Cliff Notes"? I'd like to do a second degree. I really would. I like to study. But I don't have time. I have another meeting in a half hour. I told Reed you should clear the morning. And I told Reed you do not dictate my schedule. Reed? Turn the lights back on. Please do not blow off the research. You need to understand this. We're talking about the current greatest threat - to national security... - Then let's keep this very simple. Who are they? Who's who? Who's al-Qaeda? - Right. - That's precisely what I'm trying to explain to you. You reported directly to President Clinton, did you not? I did. And President Clinton... You won't be needed to report directly to President Bush. Take the deep dives. That's your job. But when you put something in writing, if you want it to get to the President, keep it pithy. - "Pithy"? - Well, on point. Like I said, everyone's very busy. Abu Jandal has nothing to do with the "Cole" bombing. Speak in English, please. - I like to practice. - Fine. Let's speak in English. Your English is excellent, by the way. Flattery. You think flattery will get you Abu Jandal. It will not. Why can't I speak to him? Because there is no need. Ah. You've spent your life among soldiers... Protecting them, risking your life for them. The men on the "Cole" were soldiers... young soldiers. Won't you help them? First flattery, now guilt. I'm surprised you didn't bring me more of Brother John's cigars. Brother John says, "Let Brother Ali talk to Abu Jandal." I'm sad to not do you this favor. You don't seem sad. My guess is, you are happy. You are happy because by denying me, you're making the Yemeni government happy. And they'll reward you. What are you gonna get? Another medal? Bigger house? Tell me something. Did you commit to memory all of the prisoners held in Yemeni jails? That name's particularly easy to remember. It means "father of death." Ooh, gorgeous, Arnold. That looks excellent. - Why a giraffe? - Mm-mm-mm. Well, I know why giraffes make me happy. Um... I-I have to take this. Okay. Hello? It's me. How are you? What's wrong? What happened? Nothing's happened. But we said you'd only call me when I'm at work if there's an emergency. That's why I leave the phone on. That's why I bought the phone. I know. There's no emergency. I... I mean, I just got a break, and I'm... Sorry. I'll go. No, no, no. I just... How are you? Is everything okay? Totally fine. How are you? What are you doing right now? How are the kids? They're... they're great. We're painting pictures of what happiness looks like right now. I assume you painted me. How's Yemen? Right. You still won't say that's where you are. Can't say. You can't say. Are you close to catching anybody? Hey, you know what? I can't fucking talk about that. Why would you even ask me that? - I'm sorry. I just... - Hey, just go teach, okay? I shouldn't have called. You didn't even want me to call. No, you're right. I didn't. I'm working. Yeah, me too. And I'm doing my fucking best, okay? Hello? She hang up on you? That's crazy. You were being so charming. Come on, man. Let's go back inside. I mean, what am I supposed to do? Turn the other cheek? Be a lamb? You know what that means. - Be passive? - No. Jesus never asks us to be passive. Well, I gotta figure something out. They're coming for me. I don't know why, but they are. - And how... - You know what? I do know why. Office politics. I was never one for office politics, you know? I always told people, "You can either love me" "or hate me, but your life will be easier" "if you love me." I guess that isn't working anymore. So fine, I... you know... I gotta deal with it, kiss up to these guys... treat them like a jealous girlfriend... Buy them flowers, talk pretty, you know? Crazy waste of time when lives are on the line. Well, how are the things in your personal life? Professional troubles never... seem so bad if the home is a safe harbor. Listen... The world's in chaos. Okay? Men screw everything up. I know I'm part of that. We both know I'm part of that. But I'm trying to put things right. Do you want to make a confession? Oh! Oh, God! Oh, God, Johnny. Oh, Johnny. Oh, Johnny. Oh, God! Johnny! Oh, I love you! I love you, Johnny. You can't blow these out. - Careful, honey. - Make a wish, girls. John? Honey? I'm fine. Everything's fine. Hey, we leave at 6:00, Ali. - Yeah, Mommy, I know. - He's got to get his girl something nice. She's pissed at him. My dad was a cop. Worked a ton of overtime, and my mom was always sad, mad, long-suffering 'cause he was never home, and so... he got sad and mad and never wanted to be home. And what teenage Floyd figured out was that in this business, you gotta date someone in the same line of work. Civilians don't get it. Or they get it, but... they just can't handle it. Okay, when I get back, I'm gonna ask out Kathy. Okay, if you want to get your ass beat. My friend! Welcome. We have better inside. You come inside, we drink tea, and I show. We are not brothers. This is the Western Union at South Las Vegas Boulevard? I'm calling to check the status of money sent. My tracking number is... 749183705. Good. Thank you. Have a good day. What are you doing here? I missed you. So you flew back? I'm rotated out for the month. Oh. I drew a picture of happiness for you on the plane. Who did that to you? You can't tell me. Can I come in? Yeah, of course you can come in. - I just... - What? Ali... this isn't working. I need... - Don't break up with me. - I never see you. You disappear. You reappear. I can't ask you anything. - I know. - I don't know who you are. - I don't know what you do. - No, you know who I am. I don't want to live like this. - This is not what I want for my life. - You want someone - totally predictable? - No, no, I want... I'm predictable. - I'll always come home to you. - Ali... The second the plane lands... I'll come home to you. I hate not knowing where you are. I hate that you might be in danger. Of course you hate it. It's good that you hate it. Why is it good? Because it means we're in love. What? "When love beckons to you, follow him, though his ways are hard and steep." Kahlil Gibran. Oh, really? You're gonna quote poetry? Hi, honey. I'm home. Open your eyes. So this is you? This is my first bed in America. In Pennsylvania. And this is happiness because... Because maybe after a week, I realized I never had to wake up in the middle of the night again and go to the bottom of the stairs. Why would you go to the bottom of the stairs? That's the safest place in a house when bombs are falling. I got a tip yesterday. - Pretty hot tip. - Yeah? "The New York Times" is gonna publish a story on you. I think I'd have heard about that. Basic thrust is that the security of the country may be compromised because the head of counterterrorism in New York was the subject of intense internal scrutiny following the loss of a briefcase containing classified documents. Where'd they get that from? I have no idea. So kill it. I can kill it. I... You... you don't think I know the editor? You think I haven't bought him dinner? You need to resign. No. No. I'm... I... look... John. John, John, John. I don't want to fire you. Good. So you need to resign. I've been here 25 years. You need to resign today. Oh, no! We lost your hat. Thanks. How... how old? She'll be three. We just moved here. She's never seen the sea before. You want get up? I'm gonna take her in. Oh, yeah. That's right! It's the sea. Yeah. I normally don't attend the weekly counterterrorism meeting as a rule, but I wanted to be here today to underscore that from the CIA's perspective, there is nothing more urgent than containing al-Qaeda. Thank you, George. I told your colleague the other day, I don't deal in generalities. I need specifics. And specifics you shall have, good lady. The NSA's been hearing a lot of chatter from various terrorist cells. Correct, Michael? Roger that. We're concerned about a potential attack on Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Israel... The word "potential" is inherently unspecific. And Genoa, Italy, for this year's G8 summit. Hey, George? Listen, I gotta tell you something. I gotta tell all of you guys something. I'm gone. I'm out. I heard. So this is my last meeting. It's my last one of these. So I-I just want to say straight up to the Agency guys, okay? Maybe your people won't talk to my people because somebody's got a hard-on for me. But I'm out of here. It's not about me anymore. My people... my guys... are trying to keep Americans safe. Forget the fucking Genoese for a second... Maybe let Mr. Tenet finish, Mr.... Mr. O'Neill makes an excellent point. There are terrorists here. I explained to you about the terrorist cells and the transnational nature of... Who is here? Is there someone in the United States that is a clear and present danger that I need to be worrying about right now, or are you talking about swatting flies? Because the president has told me he has no interest in swatting flies. John's right. We have had repeated trouble with the sharing of information between Alec Station and I-49. Are you, George, aware of any information that hasn't been shared? The president is correct. We need to have a comprehensive strategy, which is why I'm meeting with him on Tuesday when he gets back from Texas. Okay. Let's move on. This is the ladies' room. Or did you think you could have me too? Don't you think the world would be a better place if two people could have an honest conversation about what's really going on? I think the world would be a better place if old men didn't hang around the ladies' room. George Tenet, please. Thank you. - Yes. - George? We must speak. synced & corrected by PopcornAWH www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 