The Looming Tower: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Looming Tower 
 s1e2 - Losing My Religion - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Looming Tower (2018): Season 1, Episode 2 - Losing My Religion - full transcript 
 Following the simultaneous embassy bombings in Kenya and Tanzania, the FBI begins its investigation on the ground while the CIA starts working on a retaliation plan. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 _ _ Bin Laden has made these threats before, but this time he put a time cap on it, saying that whatever violence awaits will occur within the next few weeks. Deb Fletcher, Chief of Station. Hi. Come find me when you're done. I'm one floor up. - You're playing our song. - Is this our song? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You're playing our song. Welcome home. I really do appreciate you coming out tonight after I had to cancel the first time. The Bureau had two agents assigned to Alec Station, the Bin Laden Unit of the CIA. They were supposed to be informed of intelligence so they could report it to John O'Neill. Shut it down. Close up shop. Sir, the way this works is you show us what you've got, and then we discuss if it's our business. You got a stash of intel that you refuse to share with my agents. If we did have any intelligence, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 it would be for us to decide how best to use it before you blow a possible gold mine of information and render it utterly useless. If one American gets killed because of information you kept secret... synced & corrected by PopcornAWH www.addic7ed.com Hello? _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Well, if we can get eight to ten agents back on the ground in Kenya and Tanzania, how would you feel about embedding CIA agents with the FBI from the WFO? Mr. O'Neill. - To be continued. - Where's Louie Freeh? - He's on vacation. - What a surprise. What can I do for you? All due respect, this is a New York Office case, not Washington Field Office. Did you fly all the way to D. C. to tell us that? - That's right. - Well, I hate to send you right back to the airport, but we have an attack on American interests on foreign soil. It's WFO's case. That's what Director Freeh would want. - That decision has been made. - It's the wrong decision. Our office has got a standing federal indictment against bin Laden. We all know this is the work of al‐Qaeda... We don't know that. There's been some suggestion that it could be Hezbollah. Oh, come on! I know Marty wants it to be WFO so he can keep better tabs on it. - Just calm down. - Agent Soufan is gonna tell you why it's gotta be UBL. Go, Ali. Now. Sir, there has been a preliminary claim of responsibility from Al‐Jaish el‐lslami li‐Tahrir al‐Muqadasat. "The Islamic Army for the Liberation of the Holy Places." - If I can quote to you... - Agent Soufan. - That is your name? - It is, sir. As you continue to work with the Bureau, you will come to realize that there is a chain of command by which decisions are made. Your boss has yet to learn this lesson. We are done here. And, John, submit your airline receipts to the Bureau's internal auditor. He'll determine whether this trip of yours is a justifiable expense. One last thing. Sanchez. You and Louie can go fuck yourselves. Or each other. Whichever makes you happy. _ _ The claim also contains the demand for the withdrawal of U. S. forces from the Arabian Peninsula. If you recall the February fatwa, the retreat from the Arabian Peninsula is a particular obsession for bin Laden and al‐Qaeda. It has never been remotely as important to Hezbollah, which is Shia, not Sunni, and which is far more focused on the ultimate elimination of the State of Israel. Those agendas seem to me disconnected from the bombings in East Africa. Oh, for fuck's sake. Come on, Dick. We're simply arguing for case control. We're not trying to get you to pronounce a guilty verdict. Our office knows more about al‐Qaeda than anybody. WFO will be playing catch‐up, and they're a pawn of Alec Station. Schmidt just wants the case over there so he can direct it remotely. - John, calm down. - I‐I really wish people would stop telling me to calm down! There are bombs going off around the world! That doesn't make me feel calm! I want you to calm down because you're right. - I'm sorry? - You're right. You should have this case. - Oh. - You're welcome. - Where were you born? - Lebanon, sir. Beverly, would you get me Louie Freeh on his cell phone? Yes, sir. He's good. Don't lose him. Director Freeh, Richard Clarke. I'm fine. I'm here with John O'Neill. It is unusual that he came to me, but I also think he's right. The New York office has been tracking UBL since... Well, this young Agent Soufan makes a very convincing case that it is al‐Qaeda. I understand. Okay. I appreciate that. Thank you, Director. You got your case. - Dick, you're the greatest. - Hang on. - No, I owe you a big one. - John, hang on. Hang on! First of all, you damn well better prove it's al‐Qaeda. Second, the Director told me to say that you, personally, are not permitted to go to Africa. Okay. I'm sorry. That's a relationship you're gonna have to work to repair. I'll take care of it. Don't worry about it. John, whoever you do send to East Africa, please tell them to be careful. Okay, let's settle down. Listen... most important. Remember, we are guests in another country. Let's conduct ourselves accordingly. Let's also remember why we are here. Less than 36 hours ago, some number of Americans and scores of Kenyans were murdered. This is al‐Qaeda territory. When investigating, make sure you got a partner who's aware of these sur... Floyd! What‐oh. - It's goats. - You got to be kidding me. Agent Robert Chesney. Hello, Officer Ndereba, hello. - Hello. - It's good to see you again. Good to see you too. Special Agent Robert Chesney from the FBI, meet Commander Onyango. Commander, I'm so sorry for the loss your country has experienced. I want you to know that we are here to help. We want to work in friendship with you. We... We are now all Kenyan Policemen. Thank you, sir. Thank you. May I introduce Agent Bennet and ask if he can help your officers secure a perimeter? - Please. - Copy that, boss. Good, and sir, do you have an account of the dead and wounded, one that I could take a look at? - Charles. - Commander. - Please. - Thank you. Has there been any word on an American woman, Deborah Fletcher? She's with the State Department at the Embassy. I haven't heard anything from or about her. You refer to the CIA Chief of Station. - Oh, well... - It's okay. I know you cannot say. Look, I'm sorry, but if we knew anything, Ms. Fletcher would be on the list. - Thank you. - Thank you. All right, let's get Bomb Squad, ERT, Forensics working alongside the Kenyans. Collect soil samples, explosives residue, find parts of the truck and start reassembly. Yep. Will do. Thank you. Sir, did you know Deb... And let's get a group together to help dig out from the rubble, try to save some people, if at all possible. Yes, sir. I had a drink with her when I was here last week. He's got nothing. He said the Kenya and Tanzania cells were formed way after his time. We've been babysitting this guy in witness protection for three friggin' years. He was with UBL in Sudan, one country north. He's got no leads for us? I even threaten not to let him watch the new porno tapes if he didn't give us something. You're taking a hard line. Eh, for Junior, that borders on torture. I cooked him his favorite, the pork Bolognese. Yeah, definitely not Halal. And the only thing he could tell me was that he'd bet Khallad was involved in the planning. This is the peg‐leg, right? - Yep. - Tell me something - I don't know. - This is all I get for the embarrassment of standing in line to buy "Donkey Shlong" and "Busty and the Beast." Oh, my goodness, Vincent, the animal penis is so long. I swear I'm gonna kill myself if I'm here much longer. Yeah? - Boss, do you have a moment? - Yeah. - Vince, I gotta go. - Hey, boss, why don't I come up to the city tomorrow. We'll get some drinks or something, huh? Nah, in the morning, head to Langley. See what they're up to in the Manson Family. I need to know. What's up? I don't know how else to say this. I think I should be there. - Where's there? - East Africa. Ah. We're saying it's al‐Qaeda. If it is, I'm the only one who speaks the language, who understands the culture... Okay, sit down. Have a seat. I have two jobs here. One is to lead investigations into what's already happened. That's going on in Africa right now. Okay? The second, and maybe the more important one, is to figure out what happens next so we can stop it. What I need you for right now is the second. Where's the place in the world that has the highest concentration of al‐Qaeda other than Afghanistan? Where they funnel media contact with the outside world. - Okay. - I want you there - as soon as possible. - Okay, all right. Satellite imagery's identified eight to ten possible training camps near the Pakistani border where UBL may be living. Possible training camps. One or two may be Pashtun villages where the tribesmen target practice. And you're telling me bin Laden may be living in any one of these sites? Our estimates give us 75, 80% chance of killing UBL if we wipe out all the targets. That's assuming we destroy everything at once so there's no chance of him disappearing into the Hindu Kush as we target them one by one. How much collateral damage are we talking about? Could be in the hundreds. I can confidently state less than a thousand. That is a hell of a lot of damage in a country that was our ally in the fight against the Soviets. UBL was our ally in the fight against the Soviets. The Attorney General told George Tenet months ago that we do not have a kill order without a Memorandum of Notification signed by the President. - Oh, please. - And now George is worried that, without an M. O. N., he could be indicted for murder if we target and assassinate bin Laden. After what he just did in East Africa? And I will remind you that we don't know for certain that it was al‐Qaeda. So then why did Clarke give the goddamn case to the New York Field Office? You know what O'Neill will do. He'll arrest the first suspects he comes across and blow any chance of flipping them so that we can work our way up the chain of command. - That may be. - No, that will be. And then we'll just end up with a bunch of low level turds in custody while the leadership of al‐Qaeda is walking blissfully around. - The Body of Christ. - Amen. The Body of Christ. We find ourselves in a land where temptations are everywhere... Inside each cinema, every pub. So what do we do? The Messenger of Allah, Peace be Upon Him, teaches us of jihad al‐nafs... Struggle of the soul. Our inner struggle of good against the evil one, Shaytan. Then we have a duty to turn outward, to fight the impurities of the world, the infectious growth of non‐believers in the Muslim land of the holy sites. In Mecca and Medina. In Afghanistan, in Pakistan. From jihad al‐nafs, jihad of the soul, to jihad bil‐saif, jihad of the sword. All of us have this obligation. All of us. Sir. Kenyan officers spoke to me earlier, and, after three days... so, this morning, they begin to reassign from Victim Recovery to other duties. I'm sorry. Boss, it's incredibly hard in this heat to survive 72 hours without water. Understood. Thank you for coming to Mass with me. I told you it wouldn't hurt. And it didn't hurt, did it? Nothing I won't get over. I should get to the office, check in. - John, John... - It's been too long. You were there all night. Just hold on a second. Okay. I know your feelings about church are complicated. You're right. They're, uh... ha ha ha. They're complicated. I started everything morning, all the way through Jesuit High School, going to Mass. I had a Catholic wedding, you know, the four‐hour kind. I know it's important to you. Would you ever consider taking communion again? "Whoever eats this bread in an unworthy manner is guilty of sinning against the body of the Lord." Because you're divorced? That's not what Paul meant. It's about future intention, not past sin. Hey, I admit, for a good Catholic girl, I think it's hot that you carry a gun, that you chase down the bad guys for a living, but that's not why I love you. I see beneath that. I see the goodness. I gotta go to work. Agent Soofin. Soufan, Ali Soufan. Right. I was hoping your boss would make the trip. We had a great fucking time when I was in Manhattan last. I don't think we slept for 40 hours. Mr. O'Neill sends his regrets. He's busy coordinating the East Africa investigations out of New York. Where'd you say you were from? I didn't. The United States. By way of Lebanon. Hmm. Well... welcome to the United Kingdom. Cheers. Thank you. Much appreciated. Did you happen to see this? Al‐Qaeda claimed responsibility for the bombings this morning in this Arab rag we got here. I did see it. They even bragged about pulling off simultaneous bombings in separate countries. It's despicable. Shall we pay the publishers a visit? Yeah, I think we should. Chuckie, talk to me. Toyota truck, probably rented. No VIN yet. Out of the 94 trucks rented locally, 81 have been returned. Agents are checking on the 13 that are still out. I want that VIN number. We got parts of the doors, dash, steering column... That number's gotta be somewhere. - Tell me. - Soil, concrete fragments in the area of the truck bomb are all testing positive for TNT and ammonium nitrate. We're estimating at least 1,800 pound of dynamite. Where would someone be able to buy that amount of explosives? - I don't... - When you add the Tanzania blast, we're talking a fuckload of materials. Get agents out with the Kenyan Police - and get me some answers. - Yes, sir. Today. - No. - Richard... We do not have an unequivocal M. O. N. from the President. Until we do, the answer is no. In that case, we should revisit the Tarnak Operation we were advocating last year. - Which is? - We incentivize - Pashtun tribesmen... - Cash payments, essentially. The ones who are in and out of al‐Qaeda encampments all the time, to kidnap UBL from his main camp at Tarnak farms. They stash him in a safe house in one of their villages. - After several days... - When things calm down. We rendition him anywhere we like. - Egypt, perhaps. - Where they have, shall we say, more latitude in terms of interrogation techniques. If he dies in custody under Mubarak, the blood's not on our hands. And if he dies in Afghanistan resisting the kidnapping, we haven't violated the terms of the M. O. N. You don't even know where bin Laden is, Martin. How can you kidnap him when you can't find him? - We blanket the... - How many Pashtuns are you planning to put on the U. S. payroll? Just up and down the Hindu Kush, just in case the Sheikh is in their neighborhood? How long you think that secret will be kept? - Richard... - There are Pakistani teenagers who walk into al‐Qaeda camps every day and ask to join. How could the Agency, after half a decade, not have one fucking spy to tell us where bin Laden sleeps at night? If you wanna push Congress for more funds to get agents on the ground, please do so. Right now, I'm giving you actionable intelligence based on what we've gathered to date. If you don't have the guts to proceed, that's your problem and the President's, not mine. I'm not dealing with ten targets. UBL's sat‐phone hasn't shown a signal for the last two weeks. Give me a call when it does. Every lead from most to least credible. We adjust the rankings depending on what we learn. Also, a number of the victims have been stabilized at Aga Khan Hospital. They may be ready to be interviewed, but that's your decision. Floyd, Kathy. - Mburu. - Hold on. Comb through these back‐burner leads with Mburu. See if anything jumps out and get on it. Grab a Kenyan partner and get out to the hospital. I want you to talk with anyone well enough - to move their mouth. - Yep. Sir. They have a survivor under the Embassy. Wait, why are you here? I'm lookin' for your boss, Farouq Osman. - Take a seat, I can see if... - I can do that meself by just heading toward the door that says "Mr. Osman" on it. What are you doing in my offices? - Mr. Osman? - I am. - Did you publish this today? - Of course I did. - Who else would publish it? - We need to see the claim of responsibility as it came into your possession. Well, you can show us now, or we can go down to Scotland Yard to discuss it. I'll even give ya a free ride. What is this, fucking Mad Libs? It's a goddamn form letter. They just fill in the cities when they decide where to bomb. When did you get this? Yesterday evening. You can see at the top. What's this number? Where was it sent from? I have no idea. Somewhere in London. Does this page say what they printed in the paper? Yes, it does. Look at this. There's another time stamp. It's faint. It must be where the fax was first sent to the London number. 92's the country code for Pakistan. And hang on. The fax was first received in London on... 7 August, 02:20 hours. With the time change, it's five hours before the blast. Commander. Agent Chesney, please, be careful. We removed that section of the wall, and our dogs began to bark. We're trying to remove the remaining slabs without further collapse. Can I... would you let me speak to whoever's in there? You should know it's a young Kenyan man that is down there. Follow me. We're coming. We're coming. There he is. He's very weak. Can you hear me? Sir. My name is Bobby. Who are you? Simon, sir. You just hang in there, Simon. They're gonna get you out. I cannot feel my legs. Everyone here is working to save you. You just stay strong for me, Simon. Sir, you are American? I am. There is... a woman, sir. My boss, American, below. Is she alive? She had been talking, praying with me to keep me alive. She stopped speaking earlier this morning. What's her name? Simon, what's her name? Deborah Fletcher. Were you working yesterday evening, sir? I work here all the time. If the shop is open, I'm working. Is your fax number 20‐496‐0956? - Out of my memory, I... - Look at your fax machine, and tell me if your number is 2‐0‐4‐9‐6‐0‐9‐5‐6. Yes. Who sent this fax at 19:43 last night? If it's sent from here, then I suppose I have sent it. - Well who paid you to send it? - I don't know, sir... What do you mean you don't know? I mean, it's less than 24 hours ago. I have so many men come in and out into my shop. I can't keep track of them all. Yes, I can see how that must be confusing for ya. How many faxes did you send yesterday? I don't know... many. Roger, have a look. Three. You sent three faxes yesterday, and you can't recall who sent this one? Like I said, there's so many people that come... Yes, you said that. This fax sat here for more than two days before it was picked up and re‐faxed yesterday. Sir, I don't know if this is the case... Yeah, well, look at the dates, look. It sat here for two and a half days, and then it was picked up, paid for, and then re‐faxed. If you say this is true. Show me your credit card receipts from yesterday. We only accept cash, sir. Of course you do. The credit card company treats our transaction as if we borrow money from the bank. The Holy Quran tells us "Allah has permitted trading, but forbidden interest." _ _ _ All right, mate, all right. _ Let's get a little breath of fresh air. _ - Take it outside. - _ - Come on... - _ Come on, let's take it outside. _ _ - Come on, hey? Come on. - _ Walk away, okay? It's all right. Ya all right? Please, this way. We all sit together, the secretaries on our floor. There was some kind of explosion. I thought it was too loud to be a car backfire. We rushed to the windows, all of us. When I got there, I saw a man running away to the streets, away from the guardhouse. I didn't even see the truck explode, though they said that's what happened. I woke up here, and... But everything was dark. That is the last thing I'll ever see in my life... That man after he threw that grenade. That man, running away up the driveway. I don't know why God allowed this to happen. I keep asking. Stay strong. I'll come see you in the hospital soon. They knew. Hold on, hold on! Who knew? What did they know? One year ago, a man came into the Embassy. Says he knew a plan to blow up the building. I brought him to my boss, to Ms. Fletcher. I'm certain she reported it to Washington D. C. She told me she did. But nothing was done. Okay. I am really lucky. I was fairly close to the bomb, but all I lost is just my arm. I'm going to be fine. I'm impressed by your attitude, but you do have the right to be angry or upset. It doesn't help. You know, my children are healthy. My wife is healthy. I'm... I'm alive. - Mr. Okuku... - Yes. Can you describe for us the driver of the van? Or the man that threw the grenade? I don't remember their faces. I'm sorry. If we brought in a sketch artist to draw what you recall, would that help? I don't have a picture to describe. But... I do remember... the day before, an Arab man walked up to the guardhouse. He wanted to speak with me. He wanted to know how I operated the metal bar for the cars to pass. I told him nothing. What do you remember about him? Most striking, he had a scar... a large scar running down the left side of his face. We focus today on finding an effective response. I've given you a response. You have bombing targets for UBL. Pull the trigger. You've given me ten possibilities. They're woefully inadequate and non‐specific. I told you to narrow them down. You're gonna have a hard time convincing the military to make a strike on anything other than high‐percentage. I might remind you that I don't need to convince the military. All I need to do is convince the President. John, you wanna weigh in? You sure about that? That's what you're here for. Tell me what you think. I think Marty's an analyst who sits in a basement room and has no fucking idea what he's proposing. I have a very good idea what I'm proposing... To eliminate the leader of al‐Qaeda. By carpet bombing Afghanistan, which, I will remind you, did not attack us. This is exactly what al‐Qaeda wants us to do... Overreact and slaughter innocent Muslims. Well, crush the head and the snake dies. What are you, a frickin' Gypsy reading a fortune? We're talking about national security. You make a martyr of UBL, al‐Qaeda's recruitment - goes through the roof. - Ah, and you propose what? Find him. Arrest him. Put him on trial, then in jail. Treat him like a criminal, not a hero. - Well, we're at war. - Only if we choose to be. Why don't you go back to where you belong, running protection for the Genovese family - in South Jersey. - You really wanna do this? Is that what you want? John, please. Martin, let's get back on track. We're in new territory here. We have non‐state actors attacking U. S. interests. I need something I can sell to the President. Yes? Mr. Clarke, there's a secure call for Mr. O'Neill from Nairobi. You wanna take it on the private phone? Yeah. Drink up. You know you don't need to put on a show for us. Excuse me? Well, to prove you're a different kind of Arab. I get it. We all get it. I'm not a trained Muslim monkey putting on a show for you. All right, all right, don't get so tetchy. When people use my religion to justify this shit, it affects me. I assure you that nothing I do is for your benefit. I work for the U. S. government, and I live by my own conscience. Inspector, there's a call for the two of you - on the secure line. - Thank you. I'll put it through. Barry James here with Agent Soofin. - Soufan. - Fuck off. Nice to hear the two of you getting along so well. Johnny, good to hear your voice. How are things? I've been better, as you can imagine. We got Bob Chesney on the line in Kenya. Gentlemen, Floyd here has compiled a list of nine men registered in the last month on one floor at the Hilltop Hotel. Tell me if any of these names trip wires. Mohammed Saddiq Odeh, Ali Abdul Saoud, Ali Azzam, Ahmed Abdelrahman, Hamden Awad, Mohamed Al‐Owhali, Abdullah Ahmed Abdullah, Anas al‐Liby, Ali Rabia. The second‐to‐last name, Anas al‐Liby. I recognize that for some reason. He's under indictment in Egypt. For reasons I can't get into on the phone, he's received political asylum here in the U. K. I believe he lives up in Manchester. All right, I'm coming to England. Bob, Floyd, good work. Ali, Barry, I'll see you tomorrow morning in Manchester. John, if you could stay on the line for a sec. There's something I found out you probably should know. I've been told there might have been a walk‐in at the Embassy 12 months ago warning of this. What the fuck did you know about a possible bombing in Nairobi? Was there a walk‐in last year at the Embassy CIA station who warned about this? We get 40 walk‐ins a week all over the world. They all want money or asylum in the U. S. And lifelong protection. I don't remember this particular one, but if it wasn't dealt with, it was deemed non‐credible. Well, I guess this one was credible. Hi. You've reached Heather. Leave me a message, and I'll call you back. Hi, Heather, hi. It's me, Ali. Um... I'm just calling to apologize, again. I hope you'll consider giving me another chance when I get back home to... make it up to you. All right... take care. Bye. You've reached the O'Neills. Leave a message. Thanks! Maria, I'm on my way out of the country. Hopefully not for long. I was hoping maybe when I get back that we can talk. We've been putting this off for too long. I think we should... talk. Kiss the girls. I'll call another time. It is unprecedented. For the first time, a sitting President of the United States will give grand jury testimony in a criminal investigation and one in which he himself may be a target. Faced with a subpoena, from Republican Special Prosecutor Kenneth Starr, - the President agreed today... - This is disgusting. - The Monica Lewinsky case... - It's embarrassing, frankly. I think it's wonderful. It's the best thing that could have happened to this country. The White House will be desperate to turn people's attention away from this story, right? We can humbly be of service. We're gonna finally get Clinton to pull the fucking trigger on al‐Qaeda. synced & corrected by PopcornAWH www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 