The Looming Tower: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Looming Tower 
 s1e10 - 9/11 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Looming Tower (2018): Season 1, Episode 10 - 9/11 - full transcript 
 It is September 11, 2001 and no one can get a hold of O'Neill. Soufan's evacuation from Yemen stops short as the CIA station chief gives him all the answers he has been asking from the CIA ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Chief of Security of the World Trade Center. It's got a pretty nice ring to it. John O'Neill, you will be missed. The Bureau didn't deserve you. We were the lucky ones. Cheers. - ALL: Cheers. - My man! DIANE: It appears we've lost our two Saudis, al-Mihdhar and al-Hazmi. I thought responsible eyes were on them. I thought so too. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 These guys are obviously craftier than we thought. [CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS] TONI-ANN: I-49 just sent over a list of Arabs who attended or are enrolled in those flight schools. And what does I-49 want us to do with this list? People inside Langley know about Mihdhar. You need to understand something. If you reveal that intelligence to anyone outside this station, I will see to it that you are handcuffed, that you are escorted from this building, that you are imprisoned, and tried for theft and treason. [SPEAKING ARABIC] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 QAMISH: Is there something you need from me? ALI: I need to speak with Abu Jandal. I know Jandal knows something about the Cole attack. [DRAMATIC MUSIC] ♪ ♪ George Tenet, please. [PHONE RINGS] Yes? George. We must speak. ♪ ♪ [MOURNFUL STRING MUSIC] ♪ ♪ [SHUTTERS SNAPPING] CLARKE: I have only a very brief opening statement. I welcome these hearings because of the opportunity that they provide to the American people to better understand why the tragedy of 9/11 happened and what we must do to prevent a reoccurrence. I also welcome the hearings because it is finally a forum where I can apologize to the loved ones of the victims of 9/11. To them who are here in the room, to those who are watching on television, your government failed you, those entrusted with protecting you failed you, and I failed you. We tried hard, but that doesn't matter, because we failed. And for that failure, I would ask, once all the facts are out, for your understanding and for your forgiveness. [DESOLATE AMBIENT MUSIC] ♪ ♪ Have a good one. MAN: You do the same. Thanks, bro. Next! MAN: Uh, coffee, light, and a Danish, please. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ - Morning, fellas. GUARD: Hey, morning, John. O'NEILL: Another day in paradise. That's one word for it. ♪ ♪ [ENGINE ROARING] [THUNDEROUS CRASH] [PEOPLE EXCLAIMING] MAN: Is that an earthquake? [DESOLATE MUSIC] ♪ ♪ [CAR HORN HONKING] [TIRES SQUEALING] [PERCUSSIVE MUSIC] ♪ ♪ WOMAN ON RADIO: The blaze, with thick smoke coming out of two sides of the building, the result of a plane crash by what's thought to be a jet plane, possibly a 7-3... Single file! Follow me! Follow me! All right. SQUAD LEADER: I want this plane in the air now! ♪ ♪ No one's heard from John O'Neill? I'm still trying to reach my mom. New York's cell towers are jammed up. - He was there, you know? - FLOYD: I know... I know. South Tower of the World Trade Center's just been hit. Another plane. Let's go, people! I need everyone on the plane, now! Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go! Go, go, go, go. Let's go, people! Come on! Soufan! Agent Soufan! - Soufan! - Soufan! Yeah? Chihoyne called. You need to return to the embassy. Why? They didn't say! MALE REPORTER: A tremendous amount of smoke pouring out. It's the result of what appears to have been a deliberate terrorist attack. Around 9:00 this morning, two large passenger planes flew into each of the towers, the north and south towers of the World... [PEOPLE SHOUTING] What are they saying out there? I don't know. DAN RATHER: Confirm these, uh, reports, which have been growing in intensity, that a section of the World Trade Center, uh, has collapsed onto the street below. Do you see any confirmation of that? DOW: It's true, Dan. That's what we were all running from. We heard the building coming down, and that's what we were running from. Literally, people ran out of their shoes, trying to get out of the way of this thing. DAN: Well, one can certainly understand that. So Harold Dow, our man... Chihoyne... where is he? DAN: Reports, uh, that he can confirm that a section... we do not know how large a section... a section of, uh, one of - What? - The World Trade Center towers... - Why am I not on that flight? - DAN: Below. Now, for those who got confused... Need to show you something. What is this? This is the meeting in Malaysia. And the pay phone. The number I've been asking about for months. CHIHOYNE: Langley sent it this morning, and Washington needs to know immediately if this was an al-Qaeda attack. They need confirmation, and you're the best man to get it. I asked you... you... repeatedly about the meeting in Malaysia. Did you company men have any idea what we could have done with this if you had shared it? John O'Neill was there this morning. [DESOLATE MUSIC] ♪ ♪ MAN ON RADIO: And the most chilling moment for me, Chris, as I walked the streets downtown, was, uh, a fighter jet flying, uh, overtop and literally thousands of people looking up into the sky watching, uh... - CHRIS: The... the Air... - MAN: A fighter jet fly across... CHRIS: Yeah, that's something you don't see... the Air Force, obviously, has been mobilized and is in the air now, looking for any other aircraft. You know, we had reports earlier, - both from ABC and... - MAN: Chris... CHRIS: Wait, hold on. One second, one second. - Yes, John? - JOHN: The other World Trade Center building just collapsed. CHRIS: Oh, my God, it did. That is the... ladies and gentlemen, the World Trade Center in New York is no more. Both of the towers have absolutely collapsed. Let me go back up to New York. [BROADCASTER SPEAKING ARABIC] I want Abu Jandal. Now. No, no reason for talk. You must leave here. I'm not asking. I'm telling you! [ALL YELLING] Ihbisooh! ANCHOR: A commercial jet liner crashed into the Pentagon earlier this morning. A approximately 60-foot section of this building, which is, of course, the headquarters of all, uh, the military for the United States, was on fire as a result of this, uh, this crash, and then collapsed. ANCHOR: All over Washington, federal buildings are being evacuated: the Capitol, Department of Justice, the White House. [SOFT AMBIENT MUSIC] ♪ ♪ Mr. Clarke, we need to leave right away. Have you reached John O'Neill? I have called repeatedly, sir. I just can't get through. Please, we need to get out. I'm not going anywhere. Please, sir, they're telling us... Arthur, go. I'm staying. Sir. If you don't leave, then I don't leave. You have a child at home and a wife. I don't have either. I'm ordering you to walk out of here with the rest of them now. All right, sir. ANCHOR: We've been watching this, uh, here in the Washington... This is going to be a very hard day for US-Saudi relations. I, uh... do you mind if we turn that down, please? ANCHOR: We are all, every one, I'm sure, on their minds, is God rest the souls... You've given me flight manifests for four domestic flights. - GEORGE: Yes. - DICK: How do these tell me that we have a Saudi problem? I'm looking at names, not nationalities. We cross-referenced all passenger names against an agency database for known al-Qaeda. We came up with two. Both of them were Saudi. Now, there seems to have been a number of other Saudis on the four planes, possibly as many as 15. And do we know that these two, or these 15, are responsible for what's happening today? That is the leading assumption, yes, but the immediate issue for the administration is going to be getting our Saudi friends out of the country. That includes the royal family, the ambassador, all associates. They're going to be in danger once this leaks out in the press. Dick, we have to preserve our relationship with Saudi Arabia for many reasons, in the short term to help form a coalition and to host a staging ground for when we do retaliate in the region. We agree on that, George. But... if I may, did you know that these two... or these 15, but let's just concentrate on the two right now... did you know that they were in the country? Dick, you know as well as I do that my hair has been on fire for the entire year over al-Qaeda, going back to when 43 was first in office... before that. This has consumed me. Four of these flights were domestic, so these men had to enter the country at some point prior to this morning. How long have they been in the country? I don't have the answer. But I'll look into it, and I'll get back to you. You do that. You look into it, get back to me. I'll go to Condi and discuss getting the Saudis out, but this conversation is not over. [DESOLATE MUSIC] ♪ ♪ [APPROACHING FOOTSTEPS] What have you done, Soufan? I need to talk to Abu Jandal. Amin is our top man. He needs to let me talk to him. I'm sure he would if for a reason. Then you give me Abu Jandal. I'm tired of asking. This is not the way to ask. I think Brother John is dead. Today? In the attack? How do you know of this news? I don't, but he was there. In the building? [FAINT MOURNFUL MUSIC] I can't reach him. ♪ ♪ Lā ḥawla wa lā quwwata illā billāh. Lā ḥawla wa lā quwwata illā billāh. ♪ ♪ [SPEAKS ARABIC] Come. Come with me. ♪ ♪ Copy. [SOFT MUSIC] Right this way, ma'am. ♪ ♪ Please have a seat. ♪ ♪ In the immediate aftermath of September 11, 2001, you were placed undercover. Is that correct? That is correct. COMMISSIONER: The reason provided to us is that decision was made to shift you from intelligence to operations. Is that correct? That is correct. And that's the reason you're now being shielded from public view and the view of this commission. It has nothing to do with protecting you from public questioning. Ma'am? Did you ask me a question? Because I didn't hear one. Now, let's move on. The, uh, the CIA intelligence files on Khalid al-Mihdhar and Nawaf al-Hazmi, two of the hijackers on September 11, 2001. It's our understanding that Alec Station knew of the presence of these two al-Qaeda members in the United States at least as early as March 2000, yet no one alerted the FBI for 17 months, and when the FBI was finally given the files on the two hijackers, those files were mixed in with a host of other files and never highlighted. Is that your recollection? No. Well, what is your recollection? I walked those two files over to the FBI myself. COMMISSIONER 2: Yes, this was your response to our investigators in preliminary session. But there are physical sign-in logs at every FBI office in the country including Washington, D. C., and New York City. Your name does not appear in any of those logs. I walked them over myself. Freedom itself was attacked this morning by a faceless coward, and freedom will be defended. I want to reassure the American people that full... the full resources of the federal government are working to assist local authorities, to save lives, and to help the victims of these attacks. Make no mistake, the United States will hunt down and punish those responsible for these cowardly acts. [TENSE MUSIC] ♪ ♪ MARTIN: Leonard. Martin. Terrible, unforeseeable tragedy. - The Pentagon's in f... - Unforeseeable? Some of us have been warning about the seriousness of this threat for a long time, and begging the military to take action. If you saw these events coming, Martin, you should have spoken up. I didn't hear you say a word about a bunch of goddamn planes slamming into our skyscrapers, plunging into the Pentagon. Or perhaps I was just out that day? So why did you summon me, Leonard? Surely not for this. You need to come back. Back? Where? Alec Station. In what capacity? Four planes were hijacked this morning. Can we not get hung up on titles right now? All right, we'll discuss it later, - but I'll need more funding. - I understand. And I want to double the station's size. - Is that a yes? - Yes. And I want recognition within the Agency, and I hope this administration, that we're at war. The gloves are off. No more squeamishness about the use of force. I understand. Say it. We're at war. We're at war. I accept your offer. [MELANCHOLY MUSIC] ♪ ♪ If we're agreed about the Saudi royal family, and the intelligence community clears the names, please ask the President for a limited lifting of the flight ban to allow one or two 747s in the air in the next day or so. And both CIA and FBI have agents on the ground, trying to nail down concrete evidence linking these attacks to bin Laden and al-Qaeda in Afghanistan. I've heard from Yemen that we've finally been given access to certain individuals close to UBL. We hope to very soon be able to give the Taliban an ultimatum: give up bin Laden or face the wrath of the United States military. Rumsfeld wants the attacks linked to Saddam Hussein and Iraq. What did you say? WOODRUFF: Near Shanksville, a small town in Somerset County... How did this happen, Martin? WOODRUFF: South of Pittsburgh, this is the site of one of the two... [CRIES] How did this happen? WOODRUFF: Left Newark, New Jersey, this morning on its way to San Francisco. This is a plane that we know crashed and you just, uh, with David Mattingly's report, looking at the site... Shh... [SOBS] We're gonna fix this. We're gonna make it all right. WOODRUFF: What their target was... [TENSE MUSIC] ♪ ♪ MAN: Assalamu alaikum. [SPEAKING ARABIC] [MOURNFUL MUSIC] ♪ ♪ [CELL PHONE RINGS] Heather. Hello? VINCE: Ali, it's Vince. I'm calling. I.... I haven't been able to get ahold of John. Ali. Have you, uh, heard from John? No. The station chief handed me surveillance photos from Malaysia. I've been asking Alec Station about Malaysia for a year now, Vince. Did you know about any of this? Oh, God. Oh, man, uh... I didn't know what I knew. I, uh... [CLEARS THROAT] Look, they were threatening me. They control all the information. - They... - [PHONE BEEPS] [MELANCHOLY MUSIC] Ali? ♪ ♪ Ali? ♪ ♪ [FOOTSTEPS] Okay now? Itfaddal. General. I don't trust myself. [DISTANT SIRENS WAILING] [MOURNFUL MUSIC] ♪ ♪ [DOORBELL BUZZES] LIZ: Hello? Liz, it's Bobby. - Bob Ches... - [DOOR BUZZES] [MOURNFUL MUSIC] ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Thank you. Of course. Are you okay? I don't know. Liz, I've been trying to reach John all day. I never could. I mean, I gave up after the second tower. When it... [SIGHS] Nobody's seen John. Nobody's seen him. Have you heard from him? Come. JOHN: Hey, baby, there's something going on down here. An explosion or something in Tower One. There's just this massive hole up near the top. I gotta go get people out. Gosh, I keep thinking of you at 18 up there with your parents, gazing out the window at New York harbor. Eh, listen, as soon as they fix this thing, you and me are gonna go back up there. We're gonna get ourselves a table, right next... hey, Petey! What are... what are they telling you? I gotta go, sweetheart. I'll call you later. Pete, let's try to... [ANSWERING MACHINE BEEPS] [MOURNFUL MUSIC] ♪ ♪ [EXHALES DEEPLY] ♪ ♪ [CRIES] ♪ ♪ [KNOCKING] [DOOR CLICKS OPEN] Iglis. Ukhruj! [LAUGHS] [SCOFFS] Sadaqa Allaah al-'Azeem. [SIGHS] [INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER] [DESOLATE MUSIC] ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ [DISTANT CAR ALARM] ♪ ♪ synced & corrected by PopcornAWH www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 