The Late Show with Stephen Colbert: Season 1, Episode 19 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Late Show with Stephen Colbert 
 s1e19 - Morgan Freeman/Ruth Wilson/Sean Murray - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Late Show with Stephen Colbert (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 19 - Morgan Freeman/Ruth Wilson/Sean Murray - full transcript 
 Morgan Freeman (Momentum (2015)); Ruth Wilson (The Affair (2014)); Hello Games co-founder Sean Murray. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 And now, a "late show" exclusive. Stephen colberts interview of Chris wallaces interview of president trumpch. Stephen: Mr. President, thank you for sitting down with me. I think im doing a great job. Stephen: Well you are sitting down, so, yes, in that respect, you nailed it. Now, you just appointed Matthew Whitaker as your acting attorney general. Hes a very smart person. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Stephen: That is debatable because he was on the board of a company that believes sasquatch is real. Do you believe sasquatch exists. 100%. Stephen: So would you appoint big foot to your cabinet, maybe have him replace John Kelly as your commander-in-chief of staff? Probably. Stephen: You know hes a mythical April creature, right? Lets see what happens. I have three or four or five positions imty hing about. Of that, maybe its going to end up being two. But I need flexibility. Stephen: Now, recently, you had to answer some written 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 questions from Robert Mueller. Its not a big deal. Stephen: Great. But im going to ask you a couple more. How would you describe Vladimir putin? A perfect little wonderful innocent angel... Stephen: And how would you describe your marriage to melania? The whole thing is a scam. Stephen: Final question, what grade would you give your presidency so far? I hate to do it but I will do it. I will give myself an a-plus. Is that enough? Can I go higher than that? Stephen: No, because if you think you deserve an a-plus, you could not be higher. Announcer: Its the "the late show with Stephen Colbert." Tonight, Stephen welcomes mill mill, Anthony salvanto, and musical guest Josh groban, featuring Jon batiste and "stay human." And now, live on tape from the ed Sullivan theater in New York city, its Stephen Colbert! ( Cheers and applause ) ( Theme song playing ) Stephen: Hello! Whoo! Have a seat. Jon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome! Stephen: Welcome to "the late show." Im Stephen Colbert. You know the holidays are coming up, and its a time when I have trouble with impulse control because if you put gravy on it, I dont care what goes in my mouth. ( Laughter ) The presidents a little different. He doesnt care what comes out of his mouth. ( Laughter ) Case in point: Yesterday, he went after admiral bill mcraven, the commander who oversaw the killing of osama bin laden and the capture of Saddam Hussein. That is a hell of a resume. Special skills: Captured more villains than the Batman. ( Cheers and applause ) Mcraven has been critical of Trump, and yesterday on fox news Sunday, Chris Wallace asked the president about it. Bill mcraven, retired admiral, Navy seal, 37 years, former head of U.S. special operations... Hillary Clinton fan. Special operation... Excuse me, Hillary Clinton fan. Who led the operations commanded the operations that took down Saddam Hussein and that killed osama bin laden, says that your sentiment is the greatest threat to democracy in his life. Okay, hes a Hillary Clinton backer and an Obama backer and frankly... Hes a Navy seal. Would it have been nicer if we got osama bin laden a lot sooner than that, wouldnt it been nice? ( Audience reacts ) Stephen: (As Trump) "No, hold on a second here. They only killed him once. If it was up to me, I would have killed him many more times. And much deader. No ones seen this kind of dead. I know all the deadest people ." ( Laughter ) Jon: Wow ( cheers and applause ) Stephen: They dont always tickle me that much. Admiral mcraven responded, "I did not back Hillary Clinton or anyone else. I am a fan of President Obama and President George W. Bush, both of whom I worked for. I admire all presidents regardless of their political party, who uphold the dignity of the office and who use that office to bring the nation together in challenging times." Aw, snap! You just got seal team dissed. ( Laughter ) ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Hey! But today, Trump doubled down on his second guessing: "Of course we should have captured osama bin laden long before we did. I pointed him out in my book just before the attack on the world trade center. President Clinton famously missed his shot. We paid Pakistan billions of dollars and they never told us he was living there. Fools! Dot-dot..." ( Laughter ) Yes, its always the good guy shouting "fools!" ( Laughter ) Jon: Yeah, thats right. ( Applause ) Stephen: Oh, those fools, they said I was insane, but I will show them whos insane when I sow that chimp head on to a duck. ( Laughter ) And Trump did mention a dire threat in his book "the America we deserve." Its right there on the cover: Donald Trump. Trump explained to Wallace that he is humble enough to admit his mistakes, like not visiting that French cemetery: I dont mind getting bad news if im wrong. If I do something wrong, like, for instance, the cemetery. I was not allowed to go because of the secret service. Stephen: Yes, Trump is willing to take the blame, hes just never to blame. Its like the famous sign on trumans desk. "The buck would stop here, but the secret service wouldnt let it." ( Laughter ) ( Cheers and applause ) Give em hell, Harry! If the secret service lets you give them hell. At one point, Chris Wallace asked Trump a dangerous question. Can you envision a situation well into your second term where you think youre so good for the country and so essential to the progress of the country that you would try to amend the constitution so you could serve a third term? Stephen: Chris, what are you doing!? ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Ixnay on the esident-pray for ife-lay. ( Laughter ) Trump said hes not going to do it, and we know he never lies. Jon: Mm-hmm, yeah. Stephen: Wallace then moved on to trumps acting Attorney General, Matt Whitaker, and his history of criticizing the Russia investigation. Did you know, before you appointed him, that he had that record and was so critical of Robert Mueller? I did not know that. I did not know he took views on the Mueller investigation as such. Stephen: If he didnt know about his views on the Mueller investigation, why did he hire him? (As Trump) "Look, we need a new attorney general... get that "masculine toilet" guy! ( Laughter ) At my age, every time I sit down, the whole golf bag ends up in the water trap, if you catch my drift. ( Audience reacts ) Ooh, hes a lawyer too?" Thats just gravy. Jon: Needs medical attention. ( Laughter ) Stephen: Besides, Trump says hes cooperating with the special counsels office. Your team is preparing written answers to questions about... No, no, no, not my team. Im preparing written answers. My... I... im the one that does the answering. Stephen: Its true. And we have one of his written answers right here: "No colushun, Bob! For a good time, call vlad. Space force!" ( Cheers and applause ) ( Piano riff ) ( Laughter ) Theres one person who doesnt believe trumps appointment of Whitaker was accidental: The next house intelligence committee chair, and man whod mistakenly thought his temperature would be taken orally, Adam schiff. ( Laughter ) Congressman schiff said publicly that Trump installed Whitaker to hobble muellers investigation. So Trump responded in a measured tone: "So funny to see little Adam schitt talking about the fact that acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker was not approved by the senate, but not mentioning the fact that Bob Mueller... who is highly conflicted... was not approved by the senate!" Yes, because the special counsel doesnt require senate approval, unlike the Attorney General. You cant just use senate confirmation to discredit anyone youve decided you want to get rid of. ( Cheers and applause ) (As Trump) "Sorry, melania. You were never confirmed by the senate. ( Laughter ) Your appointment is null and void. My new wife is Tom Brady." Hes gonna sail through. But lets not gloss over the fact that the president referred to a congressman as "little Adam schitt." Ugh, what a miserable piece of schiff. Now, for the record, according to network rules, I am only allowed to say that word when the presidents tweet appears on-screen. Like so, at which point I can totally say it. Am I going to take advantage of that opportunity? Is Adam schitt in the woods? ( Laughter ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Piano riff ) Got to! Got to! Got to! I just explained it. ( Piano riff ) This is a new high in low even for Trump, so when it first appeared, "commentators werent sure if they were looking at a typo or an insult." Its so hard to tell, usually when Trump makes mistakes he either deletes them or hosts a TV show with them. ( Laughter ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Piano riff ) Thank you. The president writing schoolyard taunts seems shocking, but lets not forgot when George Washington wrote, "these federalist papers can bite my wooden balls. More like Alexander cameltoe, if you ask me." ( Laughter ) Alexander cameltoe, whats my name! Wooden balls, the carpet matched the teeth. ( Laughter ) Over the weekend, Trump visited the areas devastated by wildfire in California. In the face of unimaginable tragedy, the president was consistent. In the fire-ravaged town of paradise, California, he said this: You dont see whats going on until you come here. And what we saw at pleasure... What a name right now. But what we just saw, we just left pleasure... Paradise. Or paradise. And what we just saw at paradise is just, you know, is just not acceptable. Stephen: Pleasure, paradise... its easy to get them mixed up. Just remember, Mr. President "pleasure" is the dancer, "paradise" is where she works. ( Audience reacts ) ( Cheers and applause ) Trump also refused to acknowledge that climate change might be causing these fires. Will seeing this devastation change your opinion at all on climate change mr president? No, no, I have a strong opinion. I want great climate. ( Laughter ) Stephen: You want learn grammar. ( Laughter ) I want new president. ( Cheers and applause ) Trump has claimed many times that californias wild fires are caused by poor forest management, and he did it again. Im committed to make sure we get all of this cleaned out and protected. Got to take care off the floors... you know the floors of the forest. Very important. You look at other countries where they do it differently and its a whole different story. I was with the president of Finland and he said, "we have a much different... we are a forest nation." He called it a forest nation and they spent a lot of time on raking and cleaning and doing things and they dont have any problem. Stephen: You know what Finland also spends a lot of time doing? Being covered in snow because its right below the arctic circle! The same reason you dont have a smoke detector inside of your freezer! ( Laughter ) When asked about it, finlands president said he wasnt sure whether he got the idea that raking is part of the routine for panging its forests. Clearly the president has just resorted to making up advice from world leaders. (As Trump) "I was speaking to the supreme imperial viking of Norway the other day, his name is Arthur Norway. ( Laughter ) And he said so many times they prevent fires by moisturizing the trees. ( Laughter ) And you know thats why they look so young... most of the nivea in Norway goes straight to their forests. ( Laughter ) No, this is true. Thats what the song Norwegian wood is about. ( Laughter ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Piano riff ) Weve got a great show for you tonight! Mill mill I Millie Bobby brown I here, but when we return, melania Trump! ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) Stephen: Jon batiste and "stay human," everybody! ( Cheers and applause ) ( Singing ) Jon, im pretty excited. One of my favorite guests will be here tonight. Millie Bobby brown is going to be right there! Shes fantastic. Shes fantastic. You know whats got me excited, Jon? Jon: Whats that? Stephen: You know "whose boat is this boat?" Right here, which are comments that dont help in the aftermath of a hurricane, written by Donald j. Trump by accident. Are we number one right now? I think were number two right now because first lady Michelle Obama, her book, "becoming" her new book is number one right now. But thats fine. Jon: Okay, I like that. Stephen: You know why thats fine? Jon: Why. Stephen: Because on this show, November 30, Michelle Obama will be joining us right there. ( Cheers and applause ) Jon: Oh, man! Thats going to be a good time! Shes amazing! Stephen: Always fun and well have the battle of the books that night. Jon: Yeah. Stephen: Speaking of first ladies, it turns out melania Trump may have more power in the White House than we previously thought, because last week she called for the removal of deputy national security adviser and woman dominating this staring contest, Mira ricardel. And while previous first ladies have called for staffing changes in private, melania made hers very public. Her communications director released a statement saying "it is the position of the office of the first lady that she no longer deserves the honor of serving in this White House." Thats very formal. It was followed by an engraved invitation to kiss my ass. ( Laughter ) After the statement, ricardel was removed from her job in the White House. And while most people were surprised by the first ladys bold move, one person close to her was not, saying "she can be a knife fighter. Shes a Trump after all." Not entirely fair. They dont let Eric near sharp objects. ( Laughter ) ( Piano riff ) Well, before we judge, I think we should hear the first ladys side. Joining us for an exclusive interview, live from the white house, please welcome melania Trump! ( Cheers and applause ) Good to see you. All right. Hello, Stephen! Stephen: Madame first lady, thank you for joining us! And also, happy Thanksgiving! Thank you! I look forward to the annual pardoning of the turkeys. The only ones in the White House who wont be going to jail. (Rimshot) Stephen: Good to see you have your own drum player in the White House. Its the whole marine corps band, actually. Theyre all here. Stephen: Well, I have to ask about Mira ricardel. Why did you call for her to be fired from the White House? She was lying, she was petty, she was vindictive... and weve already got all of that covered. So... ( Laughter ) Stephen: Okay, now some people are saying that asking for her to be fired via press release was a tad insensitive. They are? Awww, no. Stephen, you know me. You know me... ( Laughter ) All I want is to end bullying, and if you disagree with that... I will crush you like a tiny bug underneath my stilettos. ( Laughter ) Crunch. Lau( Laughter ) Mmm! Stephen: But isnt this something you should have handled with your husband in private? Oh, Stephen, I havent handled my husbands privates in years. (Rimshot) ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: This is a side of the public... the public hasnt seen this side of you before. But ( Bleep ). Stephen, are you okay? Stephen: No! Im not okay! This entire thing is very upsetting. Oh! Stephen: This is a side of you the public hasnt seen before. Before, but your friends arent surprised, one of them even called you a "knife fighter." No, Stephen. You know me: I am just an innocent, little first lady. I am only called on for harmless, ceremonial duties. Like the carving of the white house Turkey. Stephen: Oh, I didnt know there was a ceremony for that. There isnt. "Turkey" is my nickname for John Kelly. Stephen: Youve made the administration look bad. It is true. Ive issued a new statement, it is position of the office of the first lady that melania Trump no longer edeserves to they the White House. Fire me, next, Donald! Please! Let me out! Stephen: Melania Trump, everybody! Well be right back with Millie Bobby brown. ( Cheers and applause ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) Stephen: Hey, everybody! ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Lovely. Folks, you know my first guest tonight from her role as eleven on the hit show, "stranger things." Please welcome back to "the late show," Millie Bobby brown! ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) Stephen: Hi. Oh, my god. Stephen: Its so good to see you again. Its so good to see you, too. Stephen: How have you been? I have been good. Stephen: Busy. I have been really busy, so its nice to come back home. Yeah. Stephen: Good. The last time we saw you, which was a little more than a year ago. I was so young. Stephen: You were so young. You are crowned with many winters now. Since then, youve become the youngest person ever on the time 100 list, wrapped the feature film of Godzilla, monsters. Shot season three of "stranger things," and this one... this is the one that really interests me, which is youve become the youngest unicef good will ambassador. ( Cheers and applause ) Youve got the shirt. So, first of all, youre making us look bad by being so productive. So do you have time to hang and just be? Yeah. I dont have many friends, Stephen. I like my family. My family are my friends. Stephen: Thats nice. I have three best friends that I love and adore and, you know, everyone... you know, pi family, my close friends, special people in my life, I feel like, you know, thats just the most important thing to me, and I think, you know, one thing I like to do is I love to do normal things. Stephen: What is normal? Go to this, like, grocery store, you know. Stephen: Thats very normal. Like, today, I walked through New York and I just felt so normal. Its great. Nobody asked for... actually, no, they did. Thats a lie. Somebody did, but I was, like, okay, its really quiet. And I carried on and it felt great. I loved going to the supermarket. I was trying to look for my favorite cereal cook yi crisp. Stephen: Sure, quality cereal. Most of the moms post about this on grams, Millie should not be eating cookie crisp. No, its likely good. I recommend it. Stephen: Doctors say it gives you your recommended daily allowance of cookie and crisp. And it has a little crisp. Yeah, so I went in there the other day and I was buying it and I had, you know, like, five boxes and I was like, boom! And the woman was, like... and I was, like, hi. Stephen: She recognized you were Millie Bobby brown. You said that so quickly, Millie Bobby brown! Stephen: Its a fun name to say, Millie Bobby brown Millie Bobby brown! Millie Bobby brown! ( Laughter ) Anyway, shes scanning and saist, what are you doing here? I said what are you doing here? She said, you know, youre famous. And I said, no, the girls got to get some cookie crisp. I have to eat. Stephen: Youre at the beginning of fame. Later when youre most famous, you just exist on applause! ( Cheers and applause ) ( Piano riff ) Thank you. ( ( Audience chanting ) Stephen: Please, please! Im all full. ( Laughter ) Let me ask you about "stranger things." Okay. Stephen: I know you cant tell me about season three. No. Stephen: But can you clear up some stuff about the... Oh, god. Stephen:... this photo worried a lot of people. You grammed this photo right here and you scared some people with this. Is this the tear of, like, the show is over or... No, everybody is... ( Laughter ) No, im just a very emotional person. When it comes to my closest people, im not good at goodbyes. Stephen: This is the last day to have the season? Of the season, not the show. The season. In effect called me after this and said, cant say anything, im, like, okay, got it ( Laughter ) Stephen: Wouldnt you be sad? My nose gets really red when I cry. I was really crying. Thats real tears. So, basically, what happened was, right, im a very emotional person. I cant say goodbye to people, it give me serious sadness and anside. When I said goodbye to my best friend Sadie, I broke down. And catering is a tough one. Stephen: Catering? Yes. Stephen: Saying goodbye to people who do the catering? Yes, saying goodbye to people who make my food. Seriously. Thats the people I live off of, quite literally. Stephen: Again, when youre more famous you dont need any food. ( Laughter ) Very nice of you. Its an emotional time. Stephen: Can I ask you about the unicef thing? Yeah, go ahead. Stephen: On the lighter note lets talk about the united nations international childrens emergency relief fund. ( Cheers and applause ) ( Piano riff ) What are your responsibilities? How are you using this platform to do something good for the children? Well, first of all, this is a big deal for me not only because first of all im being honored. The newest and youngest unicef good will ambassador. Im the youngest, because im a kid, im a child, its very easy to talk about certain subjects about unicef just because I feel very passionate about it and, you know, advocating for childrens rights and making sure that every child knows that they have rights and just kind of being a part of such an amazing organization that let me vocalize on subjects that, you know, some people silence me on. Its an important thing for me. Stephen: Whos tried to silence you? Well, you know, sometimes its just, like, dont mention that. Im, like, you know what? Im going to do. And unicef gave me that voice. Stephen: Love your nails. Thank you so much. Stephen: Would you do me a favor? We have a bit of an issue. You aint wearing blue, and im wearing blue. So im going to have to paint the nails blue. ( Cheering ) Right, which hand? Because apparently... Stephen: I think that one. Really? Why? Why not the other one? Because its all torn up, this one. Im exposing him. Stephen: Yeah, also, I dont want to disappoint the ladies by showing my wedding ring. Absolutely not. ( Cheers and applause ) So how is your wife? I saw her at the emmys. Stephen: My wife is absolutely lovely in every way. I love her so much. Stephen: Yeah, shes absolutely delightful. Shes great. Stephen: That is... yeah. Look at that. Anyway, ive got a quick question to ask you. Stephen: Ive got a question for you, too, because it is my show. ( Laughter ) How do you feel that the spice girls have gotten back together? Because I cried. Stephen: I did not cry. I was interested when I found out, but I did not cry when I heard about the spice girls. Oh. Stephen: You really are that excited about the spice girls? I think they have been broken up longer than you have been alive. ( Laughter ) I dont think you shared the planet with a fully formed original spice girls. ( Laughter ) The thing, is right, age aint nothing but a number. Stephen: Ive heard that. So true. Youre very good at that. Thank you. I actually took online courses to paint nails. Stephen: Really? Yeah, I was bored. Stephen: Thats very normal. Which spice girl is your favorite spice girl? Well, two different questions, really, because what spice girl am I? Im posh. But what do I want to be? Scary. Stephen: Really? Yeah. Stephen: What are you? What am I? Im fairly sure that im ginger. ( Laughter ) Im ginger spice because she was the first one to quit the band. She was the first one to leave. She got a social conscience and everything, so I admired that in her. ( Laughter ) ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: World childrens day is tomorrow! Millie Bobby brown, everybody! Well be right back with Anthony salvanto! Stick around! ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) Stephen: Welcome back! My next guest oversees all polling for CBS news and is here to help us make sense of what happened on election night. Please welcome, Anthony salvanto! ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) Good to have you on. Thank you for having me. Stephen: I am familiar with your work. I never miss "face the nation" on Sundays, and you did a long study of voters all over the 2018 election to see how people were shifting around. Were you surprised at all about the results of the 2018 election? No, I think we saw a lot of this coming, you know, but I think the key was to try to explain it. You know, before the election, we put out what would happen if a lot of people turned out and sure enough they did. Stephen: Was that one of the things that was predicted that a lot of people would turn out? Predicted is a tricky word for poll sphears. We try to explain things. Stephen: Was it expected? People said they were going to show up. Stephen: Do people tell the truth? ( Laughter ) Yes, they do, actually. Yes, at a do. People ask me that all the time. Do people lie to pollsters, do they admit who theyre voting for? And I always say why would you bother to spend 15 minutes on the phone with me, with folks just to lie, to make stuff up? Stephen: Well, to feel important. Well, maybe. But I think what really happens is they might say theyre going to turn out, they might mean theyre going to turn out but things get in the way. This year, we saw people were motivated, people said they thought this election was as or more important than a presidential year, right, so they did actually turn out. You got 16 percent of the electorate said they never voted in a medterm before. We have half of the electorate actually showing up, and that was one of the keys. Stephen: What happen that was surprising? We expected the house to go this way and the senate to go that way. What happened that no one saw? I think that that size was probably a little high than people thought. I think the size to have the Democratic gains were probably a little higher. You get out to Southern California, a traditionally republican place... Stephen: Orange county, first time since 1935 or something, its all blue. Yep, all blue. ( Cheers and applause ) ( Piano riff ) And I think that a lot of people doubted whether young people would show up, whether those people who hadnt voted in the midterms would show up and, in fact, they did. The pollsters job is to explain what happened. You showed this about the emotions people were feeling, right, we were tracking all along people saying how would you feel if the other side won? They would be angry. Like it or not, that was motivating to people, it was getting people out. And the other part was the president, he wasnt on the ballot but on peoples minds in historic numbers, for and against. People say they were coming out to support or oppose the president. Stephen: He said, imagine im on the ballot, and when they lost, he said, I wasnt on the ballot. It was the highest level weve seen in the exit polls for people saying the president was on their minds, definitely a big factor. Stephen: You have a new book here, "where did you get this number: A pollsters guide to making sense of the world." Who are the hardest group to pin down about what they really think? Young people are hard to poll. Stephen: Theres no mention of them though. They have other things on their mind, not necessarily engaged in politics, busy, might not be at home to pick up the phone. Even though we do a lot of polling and interviewing on the line, you have to remind them to take it. So that part is going on. And, look. Its become hard. We keep on doing it till we get the microcosm of America. Thats what a poll sample is. Stephen: The man knows what youre thinking and why youre thinking it. The book is "where did you get this number," available right now. Anthony salvanto, everybody. Well be right back with a performance by Josh groban! ( Cheers and applause ) (Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Coming from a sold out Madison square garden show last night and now performing Billy joels classic, "shes always a woman" ladies and gentlemen, Josh groban! (Cheers and applause ) ♪ ♪ ♪ she can kill with a smile she can wound with her eyes ♪ she can ruin your faith with her casual lies ♪ and she only reveals what she wants you to see ♪ she hides like a child but shes always a woman to me ♪ she can lead you to love she can take you or leave you ♪ she can ask for the truth but shell never believe you ♪ and shell take what you give her ♪ as long as its free yeah she steals like a thief ♪ but shes always a woman to me oh, she takes care of herself ♪ she can wait if she wants shes ahead of her time ♪ oh, she never gives out and she never gives in ♪ she just changes her mind and shell promise you more ♪ than the garden of Eden then shell carelessly cut you ♪ and laugh while youre bleeding ♪ but she brings out the best and the worst you can be ♪ blame it all on yourself cause shes always ♪ a woman to me oh, she takes care of herself ♪ a woman to me oh, she takes care of herself oh, she takes care of herself ♪ she can wait if she wants shes ahead of her time ♪ oh, she never gives out and she never gives in ♪ she just changes her mind she is frequently kind ♪ and shes suddenly cruel she can do as she pleases ♪ shes nobodys fool but she cant be convicted ♪ shes earned her degree and the most she will do ♪ is throw shadows at you but shes always a woman to me ♪ ♪ oh but shes always a woman to me ♪ ♪ oh ooh (cheers and applause ) Ooh (cheers and applause ) Stephen: Thank you, Josh. His album, "Bridges" is out now. Josh groban, everybody! Well be right back. Stephen: Thats it for "the late show." Tune in tomorrow when my guests will be Michael Douglas, senator Ben sasse, and chef Jose Andres. Now stick around for James corden. Good night! Captioning sponsored by CBS captioned by 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 