The Late Show with Stephen Colbert: Season 1, Episode 15 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Late Show with Stephen Colbert 
 s1e15 - Michelle Obama/Mindy Kaling/John Legend - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Late Show with Stephen Colbert (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 15 - Michelle Obama/Mindy Kaling/John Legend - full transcript 
 First Lady Michelle Obama; Mindy Kaling (The Mindy Project (2012)). Also: John Legend performs. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The president of the united states has a completely preposterous and invented excuse for the republican losses. Speaking to the daily caller, the president said "sometimes they go to their car, put on a different hat, a different shirt, come in and vote again." The president continued, "if you buy a box of cereal, you have a voter I.D.." When I start my day I want to start it in a delicious and nutritious way. Thats why I choose odios. Thats right, odios are part of a pleat breakfast. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 So before you put that in your mouth, can I see your I.D.? What? The I.D. You used to buy the cereal. Why would I need an I.D. To buy cereal? Without an I.D., you could go out to your car, change clothes, and come back and buy cereal again! Why would I want to buy cereal in disguise? Thats insane. Oh! So im crazy! Well, im a squirrel! And things are about to get nuts! Hey, you know what? Im going to go out for breakfast. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Odios! We know where you live! Announcer: Its "the late show" with Stephen Colbert! Tonight, down in the trunks. Plus, Stephen welcomes Ben stiller, jemele hill and musical guest jorja Smith, featuring Jon batiste and "stay human." And now live on tape from the ed Sullivan theater in New York city, its Stephen Colbert! ( Cheers and applause ) ( Theme song playing ) Stephen: Hello! How are you! ( Cheers and applause ) Sure! Thank you, maam! Thank you, sir! Thank you, everybody! Please, have a seat! ( Applause ) Welcome to "the late show," everybody. Im your host Stephen Colbert. ( Cheers and applause ) Its first day of snow here in New York, but did it stop these people? No! These people are like the postal service, in that Donald Trump wishes they both didnt exist. ( Laughter ) Of course, Trump doesnt like a lot of things these days. Pretty grumpy. Reports are hes moping around the White House. One source says, "hes pissed... At damn near everyone." ( Laughter ) Wow. Being president has really worn him down. Remember, inauguration day when he was so light-hearted and filled with joy? American carnage... Stephen: Thats enough! ( Laughter ) Another former staffer says, "this is a level of insanity ive never seen before." A level of insanity this white house has never seen before. And, keep in mind, this white house has seen kanye. ( Laughter ) Current and former officials are debating the cause of trumps outbursts, ranging from his fears over his son Don Jr.S legal exposure to the prospect that house democrats will unleash investigations in January. Other theories include: The stock market, the existence of stairs, and a possible mcrib shortage. ( Laughter ) One of the things that has Trump upset is his trip to France because it did not include a grand military parade like the one he witnessed a year ago on bastille day, leading him to wonder what the point of the trip was. ( Laughter ) (As Trump) "Why did we even come here? They have a perfectly good France at epcot, plus jalapeno poppers over at the Mexico place, and Mickey leads a kick-ass military parade!" Now, there are rumors that Trump is about to fire a bunch of people including chief of staff John Kelly, but Kelly "has decided to hang in there and get humiliated day after day." I think thats actually a white house motivational poster. ( Laughter ) Kelly is the cat. ( Laughter ) And Trump has a bizarre reason for keeping Kelly on. As one insider put it, "the more the press writes that John Kelly is gone, the more Trump is emboldened to keep him just to prove them wrong." Theres your stable genius at work. ( Laughter ) (As Trump ) "The media reported I have no plans to punch myself in the nards, so strap in, Bert and Ernie, its gonna be a bumpy night!" ( Laughter ) ( Cheers and applause ) We dont know that for a fact. Bert and Ernie, I dont know. Jon: Oh, no. Stephen: But trumps not just moping around the white house, hes also moping around the Twitter... "The inner workings of the Mueller investigation are a total mess. They have found no collusion and have gone absolutely nuts. They are screaming and shouting at people, horribly threatening them to come up with the answers they want. They are a disgrace to our nation and dont dot-dot-dot..." "... dot-dot-dot-dot care how many lives they ruin. These are angry people, including the highly conflicted Bob Mueller." Hes so transparently projecting all his insecurities onto Mueller. (As Trump) "Im not out of control. Mueller is. Poor man, overweight, bad hair, big diaper tennis shorts, totally colluded with Russia, and did you see that video of him not knowing how to work an umbrella? So sad. So embarrassing. No wonder he has a terrible relationship with his wife, Mueller-ania." ( Laughter ) Thats a hard word to say, Mueller-ania. ( Laughter ) And trumps bad mood continued in print. Yesterday, he sat down for an interview with "the daily caller," and Trump came out hard against anti-fascist protesters: "These people, like the antifa youre talking about, the antifa... they better hope that the opposition to antifa decides not to mobilize. Because if they do, theyre much tougher. Much stronger. Potentially much more violent." He does realize "f.A." Stands for "fascist," right? So hes complimenting fascists on their strength and their capacity for violence. (As Trump) "There are fine people on both sides, but my moneys on the guys with the jackboots and the guns." Trump claimed victory in the midterms, but hes still stewing about the ongoing vote counting down in Florida. And he hammered broward countys election supervisor, Brenda snipes. "You look at her past, shes a disaster. When they call this woman incompetent, theyre wrong. Shes very competent, but in a bad way." ( Laughter ) Exactly. Such a good point. You never know if somebodys going to be good competent or bad competent, which is why Trump has kept his promise not to be competent in any way. ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Play it safe. Better safe than sorry, Jon. Jon: Yeah. Stephen: Better safe than sorry. And he made a strong case for voter I.D.: They try to shame everybody by calling them racist, or calling them something, anything they can think of, when you say you want voter I.D. But voter ID is a very important thing. If you buy a box of cereal... you have a voter I.D." The president of the united states thinks you need a voter I.d. To buy cereal? He must be referring to the many popular "adults only" cereals that require I.D. Like, "porn flakes," "turning trix," and "grape nuts." ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Mmm! Funny thing, they dont taste like grapes or puts, but, lord, theyre salty. Jon: Oh, my goodness! ( Laughter ) Wake up the kids at home, everybody. And with Trump in such a bad mood, no one is safe. Not even fox news host, and guy at the poker game who just realized all reds isnt a thing Sean hannity. Apparently, "trumps close relationship with hannity hasnt stopped the president from mocking the fox news star behind his back for being such a suck-up." Does hannity really suck up that much? The one thing that has made and defined your presidency more than anything else, promises made, promises kept. Mr. President, you are dealing with a lot of good economic news today. 1overwhelmingly, a lot of support for you here. I went out there an hour before the show, and the crowd is electric. What do you say to those people that love you? Stephen: (As Trump) "I would say the same thing I say to everyone who loves me, sign this n.D.A." "And get out." ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Apparently, Trump is so critical of hannity, that one source described "the president launching into a rough imitation of hannitys voice and mannerisms." I would love to see trumps impressions. (As Trump) "Hey, everybody, watch this: Im Sean hannity! Now another one: Im Jared! Heres my Nixon: No collusion. Witch hunt." ( Laughter ) I like... I like... I like to eat my apples and bananas! Literally the first thing I thought of. ( Laughter ) Of course, this news about hannity has sent shockwaves through our in-house, pro-Trump news team, "real news tonight," who now dont know how to talk about the president. Jim? Welcome to real news tonight, im Jim anchorton. And im Jill news lady. Our top story tonight, the president is great but maybe not perfect. Yes, hes a big, strong, virile jerk. Is that what were going for? This is a new energy for me. Jill? I dont know. Also, hes fulfilled so many of his campaign promises, except he never locked up Hillary. Its like some of the things he says at his campaign rallies arent true. Youve gone too far. Mr. President, your tweets are fantastic, but... Yeah and youre a spiteful demagogue whos done irrevocable damage to our people and freedom all over the world. Would you stop him before its too late? Aaahhh! ♪ ♪ Coming up next, has Trump accomplished so much that there will be nothing for the next guy to do? What do you think, Jim? I think so. Stay tuned! ( Cheers and applause ) ♪ Stephen: Weve got a great show for you tonight. Ben stiller is here. But when we return, I tell you how to raise your kids. Stick around! ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) Stephen: Jon batiste and stay "stay human," everybody! Give it up for the band right there! ( Cheers and applause ) Hows everybody over there, Jon? How you doing? Jon: Hey! How you feeling? Stephen: Very good. Very funny man Ben stiller is on the show tonight. Jon: Love Ben stiller. Stephen: Yeah, hes directing now. You know what im really excited about. Jon: Whats that. Stephen: Human beings. Human beings excite me. Jon, I dont know if youve heard, "the late show" made a book. "Whose boat is this boat? ( Cheers and applause ) Comments that dont help in the aftermath of a hurricane," consisting entirely of things Donald Trump actually said while touring hurricane damage. In north Carolina. All of "the late show" s proceeds go toward hurricane relief. And guess what: "Whose boat is this boat" just hit number one on "the New York times" bestseller list! ( Cheers and applause ) Boom! Bang! Bang! Boom! Right there! Okay! Number one! Suck it, Dan brown! ( Laughter ) And my publisher said it would be inappropriate to put in a subplot about a murder in the Vatican! Even better, were number one on the "advice, how-to and miscellaneous" list. ( Laughter ) Im so humbled. Its every authors dream to one day be considered "miscellaneous." ( Laughter ) Its the drawer full of buttons and rubber bands of publishing. Again, youre helping people. Please go buy it. A lot of people are. Number one! All right. ( Cheers and applause ) Number one, thats a good feeling. Number one. Now, folks, as a father, ive learned one or two things about rizing kids. For instance, if you let any child get near a peanut you can be tried at the hague. And being a father has not only given me knowledge, it has given me something even better: The gall to tell you how to raise your own children. ( Baby crying ) This is "the late shows Stephen Colbert: Level ten baby-master!" ♪ ( Cheers and applause ) Dont tell me what to do! Nobody tells me what to do! I tell you what to do! ( Laughter ) Todays topic: Gender reveal parties... celebrations where expectant parents reveal their babys gender in creative ways. Big crazy gender reveals are the hottest baby trend right now. Even more popular than mtvs "my super sweet sons bris." ( Laughter ) Used to be, you could reveal your babys gender by cutting into a cake that was either pink or blue inside. If its pink, its a girl and shell be encouraged to do things like baking gender reveal cakes. ( Laughter ) If its blue, its a boy, hell be allowed to eat that cake without society judging his body. ( Laughter ) But lately, new parents have really been upping their game and revealing their babys gender with elaborate stunts on social media using things like fire hoses, airplane drops or even fun and festive car exhaust fumes. Because its every pregnant moms dream to celebrate her Childs impending birth by huffing pastel carbon monoxide. ( Laughter ) Gender reveals are bigger, louder, and hellish-er than ever! People are revealing gender by firing bows and arrows, shooting each other with colored paintballs and blowing stuff up. ( Laughter ) If youre revealing via explosion, you might want to have another couple nearby revealing via fire hose. The uptick in violent gender reveals makes sense. There are no feelings more vulnerable or tender than those we have for our newborn children, which is why dads want gender reveals to sack up! In fact, "popping a balloon to have pink or blue confetti fall out, or slicing open a pink or blue cake... are traditionally feminine. So, many couples have been pioneering ways to make the reveal process more manly. Yeah, cake and balloons are not manly. Which is why your boys next birthday party should feature meatloaf and barbed wire. ( Laughter ) Clearly... Clearly, to get dads interested in announcing their soon-to-be-born childrens gender, the answer is gratuitous violence. And im here to help with some hot tips for gorier, more terrifying gender reveals that dads will love even more than their kids. First up, cakes are for cowards, but what if you replaced the food coloring with wasps if its a boy, hornets if its a girl. Either way, good luck getting them in the cake. ( Laughter ) Or how about a celebratory street riot and give the police the correct color tear gas? "Aaahhh! Its a girl! Are these tears of joy?!" ( Laughter ) ( Piano riff ) How about gathering friends and family for an enhanced reveal, by waterboarding the couple in either pink or blue gatorade. "Its a boy! I swear thats all I know! Please god stop!" But for the baddest-ass of all badass reveals, have the fathers body injected with either pink or blue dye. Then the mom can plunge her hand into the fathers chest and rip out his colored heart! Hey! Its a boy! Now, take a celebratory bite out of the heart to provide your unborn child with valuable nutrients! ( Laughter ) Or perhaps thats too far. Well, thats all for "Stephen Colbert level ten baby-master." Join me next time when I show you how, using nothing but a ziploc bag full of gravy, anyone can breastfeed. Well be right back with Ben stiller. ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) Stephen: Ladies and gentlemen, what a treat for you right now! What a treat, because my first guest tonight is an actor, director you know from "meet the parents," "zoolander," please welcome back to "the late show," Ben stiller! ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) Thank you! Stephen: Hey! All right! Nice to see ya! Happy Thursday! Stephen: Happy Thursday to you, too! ( Cheers and applause ) Do you know how I remember its Thursday? Its always this tie on Thursday. Its the Thursday tie. Stephen: My Thursday tie. Just for Thursday. Stephen: Thats how I know. Yep. Stephen: They drape this over me when I wake up in the morning and I said its my Thursday time. Reminds you its Thursday. Stephen: How are you feeling? I havent talked to you in a wheel or something like that? Yeah, feels good. Its always great to come here because of the history of this place... and you, too! ( Laughter ) Mainly you. And also the history. Stephen: You know why I like talking to you? You remind me of someone else. You know, I pretend im talking to him and im, like, this is going to be good! I was going to go further back because my parents did the ed Sullivan show 30 times in this theater. Stephen: I think I have a ticket to one of the shows. I have a framed ticket from the ed Sullivan show. Seriously. Stephen: I have a ticket to the night your folks were on. Were you, like, three in. Stephen: No, someone gave a present... go now. Yeah... Stephen: You know why I like you here? The Dutch settled this and called it new Amsterdam. I love it. Midterms were last week. I understand you got a little political. Im not political. Stephen: Now you are. I out you. Im happy to be out. Yeah, I went and canvassed for a State Senate candidate who won Andrew ginardis in Brooklyn. ( Applause ) We knocked door to door in brick Lynn. I wanted to be active and help get out the vote. Stephen: A lot of people go for the bigger, sexier positions, like... He eeks sexy. ( Laughter ) Hes cool. Hes 33 and hes doing a lot of great stuff. It was fun. I had never done that before. In 2008, I did something for rock the boat, and thats the last time I had done something. Stephen: Is that what this is? I have a little picture here. Yes, I went out with this Beastie Boys and did a couple of concerts. Yes. ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Right there. In case you cant tell which one is him, thats you right there. Yeah. Well, the idea was I would be at rock. So for his verse, he went offstage, I came out dressed as him and did the verse. Stephen: Did people notice the change at all? Yes, they did. Yeah. Stephen: It must have been exciting. It was the most nervous I had ever been in my life. Canton, Ohio, in an arena. We did Columbus, also. You know, first of all, the Beastie Boys. Stephen: Sure. Theyre iconic. Then to be on stage and to have to do a verse and be in front of people and perform and I never, you know... Stephen: This is a mccain rally? Raising money? No, it was just rock the boat. Stephen: Just rock the boat. Doesnt matter whose vote you rock, just rock the vote. Get the young people out and get them motivated. It was really fun. Stephen: But it wasnt the first time you had rocked it, I understand. Well, I was in a band in high school. Stephen: Yeah, these people? Yeah, well, some of them are in there, yeah. Stephen: Yeah. We never actually played in front of people. We played once, but we recorded an album. Stephen: Called? Called road kill. ( Laughter ) Stephen: And the name of the band? Capital punishment. Stephen: Okay. Shall we show the people? Yeah. Stephen: Heres capital punishment. Thats the band. ( Cheering ) Yes. There he is. Stephen: Yeah. Yep. ( Laughter ) Stephen: Thats good. Thats Peter zuest I. And Chris robling. He wrote all the songs and Peter is now a professor of literature at the university of London and our bass player is the chief of Arizona court of appeals. Stephen: Wow, youve achieved nothing compared to them. They do real things. Stephen: Actual culture, the law. I know. Stephen: Wow! Its hard to get together to rehearse because everybodys all over the place. Stephen: But you, are is my understanding. Somebody discovered road kill a few years ago, a real record label and they put it out, captured tracks. Stephen: Is that what this is? No, thats the follow-up album we recorded. Stephen: Is this an exclusive? Yes, ths an exclusive for this theater. Stephen: Whats this called? Its called "this is capital punishment" and its our follow-up album. Stephen: Drumming out time inside of me, hot love, grain illuminate and Shannon Rose. And I would say hot love is probably going to be the single. Stephen: Again, you played what on this? Drums. And it drops black Friday. Stephen: Awesome. Awesome. There are going to be people rushing the pictures o, breaking down the stores. We were going to use that for the cover but we went with black. Stephen: You are one to have the funniest people in show business yet you have walked away from your first love funny to make this new movie "escape at dannemora." Right, its a limited series on show "time." Stephen: Okay. What is it about? Its about a true story of this escape from Clinton correctional prison up in upstate New York three years ago, these two murderers seduced a woman who worked in a tailor shop and escaped into the adirondacks for three weeks. Stephen: All three? He was supposed to meet up with them but changed her mind. Stephen: Because they were... Well, there was a lot going on. Its a big commitment. Stephen: Theyre escaped criminals. Theyre escaped criminals but she wanted to get out of her life, and she was supposed to meet them outside this manhole but she didnt show up. But she helped them escape. She smuggled hacksaw blades into frozen hamburger meat, gave it to a corrections officer who walked it in, who didnt know that the hacksaw blade was in, buzz he wasnt supposed to give them meat anyway. Stephen: It was all vegan. Yes, the only vegan prison in New York state. Stephen: Why did you want to do this story? It was an amazing story to me. How do people escape from prison in 2015? Sawing their way out the back of a cell into an 18-inch steam pipe they squeezed into. It was a crazy story. We wanted to find out what happened and tell the real version of it. Stephen: We have a clip here. Do you know whats happening? Yes, this is del toro who plays Richard Matt and hes working in the at a roar shop that Patricia arquette ( applause ) Whom he oversees and hes working her in this scene. Did you know that in nature there are no right angles, but in here there are all right angles. Its an engineered environment. Bars up, bars down, bars across. And the people inside... they need to be right angles, too. What the ( Bleep ) Are you talk about? ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Its amazing. I didnt recognize her at all. Yeah, shes an amazing actress. Stephen: Did you shoot where this happened? We shot in the real prison a bit. Outside of the real prison we got them to open up the manhole they escaped out of. Were lucky the governor of New York state helped us get into the prison. Stephen: Andrew cuomo? Yes, Andrew cuomo himself. We were trying to get access to the prison for about a year and the New York state didnt want to help us because they didnt want to advertise what happened. Stephen: Right. Which I can understand. Stephen: Our prisons are great except when murderers escape. Or the people who work there have sex with the murderers. Stephen:. But we got a meeting with him and I said this is what were doing and he said, how can we help you? And he said, can we shoot at the prison? He said, you got to shoot at the prison. I said, okay. Great. Stephen: So few people have an impression of Andrew cuomo. ( Laughter ) Its getting amazing reviews. Whats the next comedy, though? Thats a good question. I dont know. I have no idea. ID like to do a comedy again. I would like to keep doing comedic stuff. Stephen: Good luck. Thank you! ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Good luck laughing at something. I mean, these days. Stephen: Good luck with capital punishment. Thank you. Well, thats my real love. Stephen: Dont say that at the prison. ( Laughter ) Nice to see you. Good to see you. Stephen: "Escape at dannemora" premieres this Sunday on show "time"! Mr. Ben stiller, everybody! Well be right back with jemele hill! ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Ladies and gentlemen, folks, my next guest is an outspoken journalist who spent 12 years at ESPN and is now a staff writer at "the Atlantic," please welcome jemele hill! ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) Stephen: Thanks for being here. Thank you for having me. Stephen: Well, you famously tweeted about Donald Trump. Mmm... Stephen: And if I can get straight this, this is after charlottesville, right? Mm-hmm. Stephen: And you aid Donald Trump is a white supremacist who has largely surrounded himself with other white supremacists. ( Cheers and applause ) Yep. Show me the lie. Stephen: I think a tweet that has held up like a fine wine. ( Laughter ) But heres the thing, the president tweeted back at you and said, "with jemele hill at the mic, its no wonder ESPN ratings have tanked, in fact tanked so badly its the talk of the industry." What is your reaction when you see that the president of the United States is tweeting at you? Well, number one, I was super impressed h he spelled my name right. Stephen: All right, one l. One l, three es. That trips a lot of people uh because grammar isnt exactly his thing. Stephen: No. But as a journalist you sort of live for that moment because most of us live for the day when city hall comes after us, so I was amused and took it as a really big compliment. You know what they say, hit dogs holler. Stephen: Ive heard that. I dont understand it, but ive heard it. ( Laughter ) Sports and politics have been intertwined for a long time. What... with Trump interjecting himself into sports a lot, do you think theyre more connected now than ever or is this just par for the course? No, theyve always been connected. I mean, theres a huge bastion of people who believe sports and politics dont mix. Some people dont like the veggies and mashed potatoes touching, but in this case theyve always mixed together. Jackie Robinson integrated baseball 20 years before the civil rights act, Muhammad Ali, bill Russo. Weve had these intersections between sports, race, politics and gender and usually I find the people who object at the intersection dont like the views expressed. Theyre mixing in a way that makes them uncomfortable. Stephen: Because if a member of the team said something positive about the president, he wouldnt object in any way? Exactly. I harkin back to my colleague Tim te tebow. Egave him a lot of credit because he put his name behind something he believed, one of the most divisive things in the country. I didnt hear a lot of backlash. Colin kaepernick talking about police brutality and equality, these issues arent necessarily political, some of this is just simply right and wrong. To me, politics is when you have a pro and con argument. Is anybody out there pro racism? Is anybody out there pro police brutality? So what are we arguing about. Stephen: Ill send you some disturbing tweets. Do I understand that, but its just that people have become so porlzized about issues that frankly we should all be on board with and in agreement with. ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Now, youre narrating a three-part documentary series called shut up and dribble. Executive produced by LeBron James. I should know this, but where... Who said shut up and dribble? Some woman on fox. Stephen: Im serious. I cant remember... I think it was Laura ingram. Stephen: Who did she say that? The president and LeBron were both in an uber commercial. LeBron made it no secret how he feels about the president. One of the most retweeted tweets of this year is when he called the president a bum. No 144 characters, you get four. You bum. Not even y-o-u... u bum. So LeBron made it no secret how he feels about him. That was her response. I should be thanking her. So way to give he another check. Stephen: Where do you put LeBron in the history of sports and activism, if not politics. Hes definitely near the top. Think about his story. This is one of the greatest American stories weve ever heard. Somebody who his mother was 15 when she had him, moved around a lot as a kid, came from poverty. Its funny that Donald Trump fashions himself as self-made. LeBron is the self-made millionaire when you look at everything hes done and accomplished. So with him being willing to use his voice and platform to get out his message and to tell the type of stories he feels like speak to the multidimensional layers of athletes, hes really set a tone. I always think that in every generation, whoever is the athlete of that generation, thats the one that other athletes follow. Now the two most important athletes of this generation are Colin kaepernick and LeBron James. Now you see other athletes want to be vocal and activated. Stephen: How do you think Colin kaepernick will be remembered? I think as a hero. Stephen: Do you think hell play again? No. It pains me to say this because this was somebody that was one underthrow from going back to back super bowls but I dont think hell ever play again, theyre kind of dug in on that. Remember what you say today and how that will be remembered later. 20 years ago, the n.F.L. Will have to be answered that they blackballed somebody from the league and stood for equality. If Colin kaepernick hit a woman, he would be back in the n.F.L. L but because hes not playing because of his stance on social justice and it makes the ownership and fan base uncomfortable. Stephen: "Shut up and dribble" airs Saturdays at 9:00 P.M. on showtime. Jemele hill, everybody! Well be right back with a performance by jorja Smith. ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) Stephen: And now performing, "dont watch me cry" from her album, "lost and found," ladies and gentlemen, jorja Smith! (Cheers and applause ) ♪ oh, it hurts the most cause I dont know the cause ♪ maybe I shouldnt have cried when you left and ♪ told me not to wait oh, it kills the most ♪ to say that I still care now im left tryna ♪ rewind the times you held and kissed me back ♪ I wonder if youre thinking is she alright all alone ♪ I wonder if you tried to call but couldnt find your phone ♪ have I ever crossed your thoughts ♪ because your names all over mine ♪ a moment in time dont watch me cry ♪ a moment in time dont watch me cry ♪ im not crying cause you left me on my own ♪ im not crying cause you left me with no warning ♪ im just crying cause I cant escape ♪ what couldve been are you aware ♪ when you set me free all I can do is ♪ let my heart bleed oh, its harder when ♪ you cant see through the thoughts ♪ not that I wanna get in but I want to see ♪ how your mind works no, its harder when ♪ they dont know what theyve done ♪ thinking its better they leave ♪ meaning that ill have to move on ♪ oh, I wonder if youre thinking ♪ is she alright all alone I wonder if you tried to call ♪ but couldnt find your phone have I ever ♪ crossed your thoughts because your names ♪ all over mine a moment in time ♪ dont watch me cry a moment in time ♪ dont watch me cry ♪ cause you left me on my own im not crying ♪ cause you left me with no warning ♪ im just crying cause I cant escape ♪ what couldve been are you aware ♪ when you set me free all I can do is ♪ let my heart bleed (Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Jorja Smith, everybody! Well be right back. - (Cheers and applause - ) >> Stephen: Thats it for "the late show." Tune in tomorrow when my guests will be timothee chalamet, comedian Graham Kay, and a special appearance by supreme court justice Sonia sotomayor. Now stick around for James corden. Goodnight! Captioning sponsored by CBS captioned by 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 