The Late Show with Stephen Colbert: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Late Show with Stephen Colbert 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Late Show with Stephen Colbert (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hi! Im Jeremy farblah, a life-long Georgia resident. I want you to know that this November 6, we all need to exercise our right to vote. And I will, as soon as a famous person shows up at my door. But it doesnt have to be an a-lister. Ill take any celebrity... Goose from "top gun," "stranger things" kid, flo from those progressive commercials. So, this November 6, get out and come to my house if youre a celebrity! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Also, dont park in the driveway. Im having French drains put in. Paid for by the committee for Jeremy farblah to meet a celebrity. Oh, gotta go. I think Kevin James is here. Ah, never mind. Its just the u.P.S. Guy. Oh, wait, it is Kevin James. Its "the late show with Stephen Colbert." Tonight, only the good vote young. Plus, Stephen welcomes Billy eichner. And iztkah perlman. Featuring Jon batiste and stay human. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And now, live on tape from the ed Sullivan theater in New York city, its Stephen Colbert! ( Cheers and applause ) >> Stephen: Woooo! Lets do it! ( Cheers and applause ). Stephen: Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Whats going on? Lets do another. You want to do another. Audience: Stephen! Stephen! Stephen! Stephen. Stephen: What? What? Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. ( Cheers and applause ) Please have a seat, everybody. Welcome to "the late show." Im your host, Stephen Colbert. Its Friday. Its Friday. ( Cheers and applause ) Weve earned it. Weve earned it. And the midterm elections are just four days away. Theres so much excitement, even Republicans in Georgia cant suppress it. And on Tuesday, Tuesday, this "late show" right here will be live from the ed Sullivan theater. - Of course... ( - Cheers and applause ) Big night. Big night. Jon: Were going to be right up here live! Stephen: Of course, the electorate has changed some since last we voted. Because in this election, millennials will pass baby boomers as the largest voter-eligible age group. Yes! ( Cheers and applause ) Boom! Jon: Thats right. Stephen: The torch has been passed to millennials, who immediately dropped it because its way easier just to use the flashlight on your phone. And the younglings are paying attention to the midterms. According to a new Harvard study, "young people could vote next week in numbers not seen in more than 30 years." ( Cheers and applause ) I hope so. Jon: I want to see that. Stephen: I hope so. Jon: I want to see that. Stephen: Do it. 30 years! It could be the highest turnout since the late 80s, when young people came out in force for the presidential ticket of madonna/beetlejuice 88. And the early voting numbers back it up. Compared to the last midterms in 2014, 18- to 29-year-old turnout is five times higher in Texas, five times higher in Nevada, four times higher in Georgia, and three times higher in Arizona. ( Cheers and applause ) Thats right! Three times higher in Arizona. This year, all three people who are under 30 in Arizona voted. Good are you! Jon: Yeah. Please, please, wear sunscreen because that old lady on the bench is 26. And universities are doing their part, too. The schools of the big ten have announced the big-ten voting challenge to see which school has the highest eligible voter turnout. Now, im a proud big-ten alum. And I want all my fellow Northwestern wildcats to get out there and vote and win this thing. But given the swing states this year, im also okay if Ohio state or Wisconsin just crush us. - But still, some young people... ( - Applause ) Some young... But still, some young people arent planning to vote. And "New York" magazine asked 12 disengaged millenials why. Some of the reasons are, well, reasonable, like: "Its incredibly difficult for hourly workers to vote." "Its such a tedious process to even get registered." And, "growing up, going to catholic school, everything we learned had a skew on it. I think that shaped me to hate politics." Now, as a catholic, it pains me to hear that. Our religion isnt about teaching you to hate politics. Its about teaching you to hate yourself. ( Laughter ) ( applause ) Why did I... why did I say that? Now the baby Jesus is crying. ( Laughter ) But there are dumb reasons, too, like this young man from Texas who said, "I tried to register for the 2016 election, but it was beyond the deadline by the time I tried to do it. I hate mailing stuff. It gives me anxiety." ( Laughter ) Spoken like a true patriot. As Patrick Henry once said, "give me Liberty or give me Xanax. I gotta go to the post office." ( Laughter ) Then then theres this confusing logic from a non-voter in Ohio: "My friend gave me the prince, by machiavelli. I got into hellenism. I read Cicero, livy. Later on, I got into Voltaire. I never felt certain enough to vote." ( Laughter ) Academic theory is fun, but its no excuse for inaction. Thats why I cant pay my bills with a check that just says, "money is a construct!" ( laughter ) Now, this election has been very divisive. I think we all know that. But most of us believe that deep down, we all have the same hopes and dreams. And we are wrong. Because a new survey says Republicans and democrats dont just disagree about politics. They have different sexual fantasies. You can trust the survey, because they took their time. I mean, the voters were repeatedly polled. ( Laughter ) Apparently, Republicans were more likely to fantasize about things like infidelity, orgies, and partner swapping, from 70s-style "key parties" to modern-day forms of swinging. Thats right, Republicans are the party of family values. And theyd really value a chance to party with your family. ( Laughter ) But thats not all! ( Applause ) Some very, very open-minded people here tonight. But thats not all. Republicans also reported more fantasies with voyeuristic themes, including visiting strip clubs. How uptight do you have to be that visiting a strip club is your fantasy? ( Laughter ) "A strip club? Theres no way you could randomly be in a room that also has a naked lady. But once a year, on my birthday, I do drive past one." Things are a little different on the other side of the aisle, democrats were more likely to fantasize about b.D.S.M. Activities, particularly masochism, which involves deriving pleasure from the experience of pain. Oh, oh, really? So getting their asses kicked by the Republicans was some sort of sick role-playing? "Look, look, im begging you baby, baby, baby, baby, im begging you, dress up like Mitch McConnell and obstruct me." Jon: Oh! ( Laughter ) Wow! Stephen: Its a scientific study! According to the studys author, both parties are attracted to what they consider taboo. And that stems from a psychological principle known as "reactance," which stipulates that when were told we cant do something, we want to do it even more. If youd like to learn more about reactance, you cant, because I wont let you. ( Laughter ) You like that, baby? You like that? Of course, there are some sexual kinks that transcend party. For example, I saw this headline the other day: "A professional mermaid says unwanted advances from merverts is the worst part of the job." Just like that, youve been made aware of a new profession and its very serious problems, and the word mervert. Apparently, professional mermaids are costumed performers who work at aquariums and birthday parties. And according to one of them: "We do get unwanted attention, often sexual in nature, and we call those people merverts." That is a shame, and I just want to assure you, not all men are merverts. Some of us are complete gentle-mern. ( Laughter ) But these merverts think its okay to send mermaids creepy messages like, "I love to watch you swim " and, " youre delicious, even without any tartar sauce." Audience: Ooooh! Stephen: Ugh. Ugh. Tartar sauce... Ive tolerated this injustice for about 30 seconds, and im not going to take it any longer. Listen up, you merverts and other seavients: Professional mermaids dont exist to be fetish objects in your sick, ocean sex fantasy. Professional mermaids exist to provide an unrealistic body image to young children and young fish. ( Laughter ) And I dont want this mervert problem... I dont want this mervert problem to affect your other cherished human-sea creature performers. Im talking your womanatees, your nar-maids, and your feeels... thats a female eel. ( Laughter ) Some of those are made up. ( Laughter ) Meanwhile, back on dry land, a Florida mayor is accused of soliciting sex from a constituent in exchange for speed bumps. This type of corruption is often referred to as "pay to play," but lets just call this one "humps for bumps." - ( Laughter ) ( - Applause ) I struck a nerve. That really struck a nerve. The story is speaking to people. According to Florida resident Catherine padilla, she was propositioned by mayor of lanterna and man suggesting his jacuzzi at a weird time, David Stewart. And padilla suspects shes not the only one who the mayor offered sex in exchange for speed bumps. She said, "if theres anybody out there that has had this happen to them out there, please come forward now, because its not too late." Hmm. I suggest interviewing anyone who lives on this street. ( Laughter ) All of that... is that a real street? Is that a real street? I dont know. Could be. But thats small-town politics. Im focused on the big vote that will re-shape americas political landscape: The Arizona election for state mining inspector. Its a hot race between republican Joe hart and democrat bill Pierce. And if they look like perfectly normal candidates, thats because these are just stock photos of politicians. Heres the real Joe hart and bill Pierce. Now, theres a lot going on in these two pictures, but were going to go with emergency room triage rules and start with the guy whos bleeding from his face. Thats harts mug shot after a 2017 arrest following a fight that took place between the 73-year-old hart and his 59-year-old nephew. Now, I know that sounds bad, but fighting your nephew is a long Arizona tradition. Its actually the Arizona state motto. And how did ol nephew-strangler here get into the mine inspecting field? According to him, "I knew how to push an ore car by the time I was seven years old. My dad thought if yous old enough to eat solid food, yous old enough to work in the mine." Also, "yous old enough to fight an uncle!" "Come on! Im a toddler! But im tall enough to punch you in the gem stones! Lets do this!" Now, harts opponent is bill Pierce, who, remember, looks like Johnny cash had a baby with father time. And what are his credentials? Well, according to Pierce, a fire broke out at the cotton gin he was working at, and he had to fight the fire himself, during which, he fell backwards into a seed pit, cracking his head open and breaking more than a dozen bones on the left side of his body. "They called my wife and told her I was dead. Turns out, I wasnt dead, so they pulled me out of there. I learned the hard way that a safe work environment has to be a priority, so thats why I am running." Im sorry, is he...  ( applause ) Im sorry, is he running in 2018 or 1820? We have a great show for you tonight. Billy eichner is here! But when we come back, I have an exclusive interview with the president of the United States. ♪ ♪ ( Band playing ) ( cheers and applause ) Stephen: Jon batiste and stay human. Give it up for the band! Theres the band right over there. Happy Friday, Jon! Happy Friday. Jon: Happy Friday to you, too. Stephen: Good to see you, man. Theres nothing like a Friday audience. Jon: These people are lit. Stephen: Ill tell you what. You got me excited for the weekend. Im going to go out and order some of these. This is "whose boat is this boat?." This is the... this thing right here. Jon: Thats right, thats right. Stephen: This is available... this is available... Number one book on Amazon right now? Who do we knock off? We knocked off the work. Y donkey. And Carlson tuckers book, "ship of fools." Tucker Carlson is giving his money to charity as well as we are. Jon: Which charity. Stephen: I dont know what charity Tucker is giving all of thez proceeds to. If you out there know, go ahead and tweet it at us so I can help. Because I want to help donate to whatever charity Tucker is giving all of the money from his book. Jon: Its a good thing to do. Stephen: Thats what were doing. Victims of hurricane Michael, hurricane Florence. Everybody in those states, please get out and vote. So important, okay. ( Applause ) And all of the states, all of the states. Folks, the midterms are just days away, and President Trump has been pulling out all the stops to rile up his supporters. Hes stoking fears about the migrant caravan, ordering troops to the border, threatening trans rights, promising a tax cut he cant deliver, and even trying to end birthright citizenship. He hasnt thrown out this much red meat since all of Trump steaks started going bad. Hes also appearing at g.O.P. Campaign rallies to show support for his favorite candidate: Donald Trump. Im not on the ballot, but in a certain way, I am on the ballot. Im not on the ticket, but I am on the ticket. Youre voting for me in 2018. Really a vote for me. A vote for me. A vote for me. Think of it as the same thing as me. I want you to vote... pretend im on the ballot. Stephen: "Just pretend its someone else." The same advice he gave stormy Daniels. Jon: Ooooh! Stephen: But while Trump is publicly stumping for g.O.P. Candidates, privately hes distancing himself from a potential republican thumping on election day, telling confidants that he doesnt see the midterms as a referendum on himself. Its like he does with everything: If its a success, he takes credit. If its a failure, he names it Eric. So how does he think... how does he think his campaign strategy is working for the g.O.P.? Well, here to tell us himself in an exclusive interview is the president of the United States and star of "our cartoon president," president Donald Trump. Thank you so much for joining us. Thank you. Big fans here, Mr. President. Thank you for joining us, Mr. president. Thanks for having me, Stephen. We gotta make this quick. In just a few minutes, the caravan of Guatemalans from the middle east will be here to turn your babies transgender. Stephen: Come on. Youre clearly just playing on peoples fears. Fake news, Stephen. The lying media doesnt cover the good things im doing, like the tremendous tax cut im going to give to middle-class people on election day. Your refund will be delivered to your door sometime between 8:00 A.M. and midnight. Gotta be home to get it. Stephen: Dont, dont... Hes lying. Mr. President, what are you hoping to achieve next week? Were not just gonna win the senate. Were gonna win the house, the British parliament, the world series, westminster kennel clubs "best in breed," and im going to be americas next top model. You gotta smile with your eyes, Stephen. Its called smize. Yeah. Eh? Stephen: Its... its lovely. So youre saying no blue wave? Blue wave? Its going to be a red wave. You see that? I changed the colors of the words, and now you look stupid. Stephen: Why are you so confident Republicans will win? Because theyre not voting for Republicans. Theyre voting for me. The whole ballot is basically me. I mean, its white, its confusing, and you only see it in a gymnasium once every two years. Stephen: Okay, that means if the Republicans lose, then so do you. What?! Im not on the ballot. This has nothing to do with me. If it was up to me, we wouldnt even have elections. Wed just give the nuke codes to the guy with the most aggressive handshake. Which reminds me, this Sunday, you gotta watch the "our cartoon president" election special on showtime! Its gonna be like the midterms: All about me. Stephen: As long as were plugging here, I actually have my own election special. "The late show" is live on Tuesday. Dont care. Unless it kills in the ratings, in which case, I made that one, too! Stephen: Cartoon Trump, everybody! Well be right back with Billy eichner. ( Band playing ) ( cheers and applause ) Stephen: Hey, everybody, welcome back to the show! You know my first guest as the creator of "Billy on the street" and one of the stars of "American horror story." Please welcome Billy eichner! ♪ ♪ ( applause ) Hey, guys! Stephen: Hi, nice to see you. Hi! I almost crushed you on my way out. Stephen: A little bit. I loved your enthusiasm, though. Im so excited to be here! ( Cheers and applause ). Stephen: I like your... I like your suit and shirt combination. Its very fall. Its very pumpkin spice. Im not that basic, thank you, Stephen. Its called "mustard," thank you very much. Stephen: Okay, my apologies, my apologies. Good to see you again. Im so happy to be here. Stephen: And im very excited that "Billy on the street" is coming back. Its back! "Billy on the street" is back! Stephen: Its been... how long were you off the air? We did five sea breeze on TV. You were in our very last episode on TV. Maybe you ended it. Maybe thats why... no, no, no. I ended it. Iened it about a year and a half ago. But I wanted to bring it back in a way that allowed me to do other things... "American horror story" and other things like that. So were now doing "Billy on the street" segments for the Internet. Everyone like the Internet? ( Applause ). Stephen: Im familiar... im familiar with the Internet. We do YouTube segments. We do it with lyft, the ride-sharing app. Theyve been fantastic. I thought the world is so quiet right now, not much going on, so I wanted to add noise to the conversation. I missed shouting people on the streets so im back. We have videos with Emma stone. One we just released with Tiffany haddish... Stephen: I think we have a clip of you and Tiffany haddish. What are you doing. I think I need to set this up. Halloween was this week and theres the classic holiday movie "hocus-pocus," and im a gay man, Tiffany, obviously, a black woman. We decided we wanted to do a more diverse, inclusive remake of "hocus-pocus. I would be a gay man witch, and she would be... Stephen: A man witch. A gay man witch. Stephen: Sure, a sandwich is a sandwich, but a man witch is a meal. ( Applause ). It... it depends how much meat youre talking about Stephen. But... ( Laughter ) Anyway, so, and Tiffanys, obviously, a black woman. So we hit the street to find whos going to be the third witch to round out our more-diverse cast. Sir, its Tiffany haddish. How are you. Were going to make a more diverse "hocus-pocus." Are. Were doing hocus-pocus with Tiffany haddish. Where are you from. China. ID love a Chinese witch. Me, too. Are you straight or gay? Im a lesbian. Yes! Yes! Chinese lesbian witch! Crazy witch Asian! Yes, so... >> Stephen: It has a happy ending. There is a happy ending. And, actually... I loved those ladies. So I call them "crazy witch asians." And then... and then... and then the actual director of "crazy rich asians" John chu, found the exproo tweeted at me, hashtag crazy witch Asian. So this might happen now. Stephen: Outside of your work, Billy, outside of your work, how are you? Like, how are you in your life right now? Im good. I... heres how im really feeling, Stephen. I am so ready to vote. I... >> Stephen: Right. Have never... I... >> Stephen: Its building up, isnt it? Because the hours are now counting down Stephen. Stephen: This is Friday night, Saturday, Sunday, Monday... four days. Almost election day. I have never been more ready to vote. I am going to, like, explode. I am, like, horny, but to vote. Like, literally. ( Laughter ) I just... I want to get in a room... im not kid ago and I want to vote my brains out, Stephen! Stephen: Pull that little curtain. Pull that little curtain. I want to vote and vote and vote with you until I dont have a drop left to vote with. And I want to get up in the morning and I want to vote again, Stephen! ( Laughter ) I am telling you... Stephen: Are you an early voter? I vote...  ( laughter ) ( Applause ) >> Stephen, I once voted six times in one day! ( Laughter ). Stephen: Wow! Yes, I will vote morning, noon, and night. And, Stephen, I want to vote so hard this year. And I want to make it so blue. I want it to be so blue. ( Cheers and applause ) It... it... it cant... I want our next senator to be smurfet. Thats how plu I want it to be. Stephen: Youve got blue balance is what youve got right now. Exactly. Only a blue wave can cure blue (Bleep), Stephen. Stephen: You said you want to glam up the midterms. Yes. Stephen: I understand you want to vote. How do you glam up the midterms. I started a campaign with funny or die, producing "Billy on the street" with me for years, called "glam up the midterms." I have been in Phoenix, Vegas, Houston with Gabby gifford, and march for our lives, all with one goal in mind: I want lady gaga to win an Oscar. Stephen: So youre serious. I have been talking to young voters. Election day is coming up. I saw only 12% of millennials voted in the last midterm election. We need that number to be higher. Its a staggeringly low figure. Heres the thing... millennials get a lot of crap, but, also, no young generation has done more community service and volunteered more than millennials do. Its not that they dont care about the world. Its that they dont think you can effect change through voting. And what ive been telling them is ive seen you guys out at the womens march. Ive seen you at march for our lives. You saw you at town halls saving your health care and your parents health care and your grandparents health care. We need to take that energy and march for our lives to the voting booth. Because none of it mattered... None of it mattered if you dont go and vote for people that feel the way do you. Stephen: Neem that generation may not know they are right now the single largest group of voters in united states. It used to be the baby boomers. Now the millennial generation is actually larger than the baby boomer generation. So they can make all the difference in the world. They can. They could be the most influential voting bloc. But youre not the most influential voting bloc if you dont actually go vote. Stephen: This is true, this is true. "American horror story," obviously, is... what season is this for you? This is season... my second season and its season eight. This is apocalypse. Stephen: Apocklism, okay. The director, Ryan Murphy, I have a question: Do you think he likes you or do you, he hates you? Because this is one of your two characters. Yes, thats me. Stephen: He has you doing. Thats me on "American horror story." I play two different characters this season. This is Brock after a nuclear attack. And when I... >> Stephen: Spoiler alert... Theres a nuclear attack. Yes, well, it is called "apocalypse." Thanks for watching the show. Were on episode 8, Stephen. ( Laughter ) >> Stephen: Im sorry, is that on CBS? No, youre thinking of "Murphy brown." I dont know what that means. But, yes, im playing this character Brock. This is him after a nuclear attack, and when I first looked in the mirror and I thought oh, my god I am so old and wrinkly and white I could be a senator. I look like... I literally look like Chuck grassley. I mean, this is why we need younger, fresher voic voices in congress, Stephen. Stephen: So this is one of the two. Youd think oh, surely the other one would be a more attractive character. I would think that. Stephen: There gu. ( Laughter ). Yes... so... >> Stephen: Are you playing a mediemed surf. I play a nuclear scientist who designs robots. This character appeared this week. Im wearing a crazy wig. Heres the funny part of it. Im wearing a wig but no makeup. The rest of it is me. Theres another actor on the show who I love dearly so I wont say who it is... >> Stephen: Who is it? I cant tell you. I walked on the set and they saw me in the wig and we laughed about the wig and how weird it looked, and they said, "are you wearing a fake nose? Is that a prosthetic nose?" And said, "no, its not. Thats my nose!" And then we laughed and laughed. ( Laughter ) >> Stephen: I can beat that. How you can beat that? Stephen: I can beat that. Do you remember the show "strgs with candy?" Of course,. Stephen: We shot the pilot and then were going to shoot the very first episode. When we were shooting the first episode, I believe it was the script supervisor, and I was about to go on stage... I was about to go on. I was about to walk on to shoot my first scene and the script supervisor comes up behind me and goes, "oh, my god. That is hilarious. I didnt know you were going to wear a fake ass." And I same, "im not wearing a fake ass." And she quit. ( Laughter ) >> And her name was Tina fey! And look at her. Now. Stephen: Well, Billy. Thank you. Stephen: Always a pleasure. Thank you for having me. Stephen: Help him glam up the midterms by voting on Tuesday! Billy eichner, everybody! Well be right back with Itzhak perlman. ( Cheers and applause ) >> Stephen: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to "the late show." Folks, my next guest is a grammy and Emmy award-winning violinist who performed at age 13 on this very stage 60 years ago tonight. Please welcome, Itzhak perlman maestro. Maestro, good to see you. ( Applause ) Nice to see you again. Nice to be here. ( Cheers and applause ) >> Stephen: All right, so tonight, tonight is the 60th anniversary of your appearance on the "ed Sullivan show" in 1958. What... what did that performance mean to you at age 13? It was very exciting. I remember the orchestra was sitting right there. And I was doing the mendelson violin concerto with two cellos, two fiddles and a bunch of winds. And im telling you it was okay. ( Laughter ). Stephen: Your performance was okay? Well, I think I played all right. But what did I know? I was 13. I didnt know. Stephen: Well why dont we... why dont we find out. We have a clip here. Oh! Stephen: This is from that night 60 years ago. Jim. This little boy here is iztkah perlman. Hes a violin vitueoseo of great merit. And im going to have him play for you, as he played for us in Israel. All of our great... well, you hear him. Itzhak. ( Cheers and applause ) >> Stephen: Okay? Shows what practice does. Stephen: Exactly. Did you have any notes for the kids? What? Stephen: Any boy, anything you would tell him to change? Oh, him. I have to talk to him about this. ( Laughter ). Stephen: You are known for your joy, your personal joy, your joy in your performance, but also you embody a great sense of joy. How do you maintain your joy I in... in these turb leapt times that are so... so divisive and are dark for so many people? Well, its very difficult. Its very difficult. Especially in the incident in Pittsburgh, you know, with the horrible massacre at tree of life synagogue. And all you have to do is you have to remember and you have to hope because anti-semitism is here. And we shouldnt think about it as something that happened in the past. Its here. And, you know, we have to get together and support each other. And music is just something that helps heal. Thats all I have to do. I mean, its tough... times are tough. But we have music at least. ( Applause ). Stephen: What are you playing for us tonight? Tonight ill play a little piece by vinyovski, Polish violinist, something fast. And then were going to do something slow. Its a piece by gershwin. Stephen: "Someone to watch over me"? I hope so. Stephen: I hope so, too. Well be back with a performance by iztkah perlman and Jon baptiste. Stick around. Stephen: Celebrating the 60th anniversary of his appearance in the ed Sullivan theater, now performing a medley of "caprice in a minor" and "someone to watch over me," with Jon batiste, ladies and gentlemen, iztkah perlman. ( Applause ) (Cheers and applause ) ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ (Cheers and applause ) ♪ ♪ (Cheers and applause ) ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ (Cheers and applause ) ♪ ♪ (Cheers and applause ) Thank you, Itzhak, thank you! The documentary " Itzhak" is available online now. Iztkah perlman, everybody! Stephen: Thats it for "the late show," everybody. Join me next week for our live election show! Good night! Captioning sponsored by CBS captioned by media access group at wgbh access.Wgbh.Org 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 