The Late Show with Stephen Colbert: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Late Show with Stephen Colbert 
 s1e5 - Emily Blunt/Justice Stephen Breyer/The Dead Weather - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Late Show with Stephen Colbert (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Emily Blunt/Justice Stephen Breyer/The Dead Weather - full transcript 
 Actress Emily Blunt (Sicario (2015)); Supreme Court justice Stephen Breyer; The Dead Weather performs. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ("Deck the halls" by bing cr osby plays ) Stephen: Gah! Last night I dreamt I was visited by three ghosts! There they are! - (Laughter - ) What day is it? What day is it!? ♪ ♪ oh, what a beautiful morning! Say there... boy! What? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Are you talking to me? - (Laughter - ) >> Stephen: Yes, you, boy! Im 37 years old. - (Laughter - ) >> Stephen: Wonderful boy. Charming boy. Tell me, boy: What day is it today? Its Monday, the day before the midterms. Stephen: That means the ghosts all came in one night! Of course they did. I havent missed the election. Theres still time to vote. Here, boy. Take this shiny silver crown and go buy the biggest midterms goose you can find! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (Laughter ) Do you know I can see up your nightgown, right? - (Laughter - ) >> Stephen: And up it for some midterms figgy pudding. - (Applause - ) >> Look, seriously dude, you have to put on some briefs. I... I can see all the election returns, and theyre swinging left. - (Laughter and applause - ) >> Stephen: Oh, the midterms! Oh, the midterms! Wondrous boy, wondrous boy. The midterms! Dude, let me be clear! I can see your entire penis! (Laughter ) ♪ ♪ Jon: Yeah! Stephen: Is that the jolly tune of midterms Carols I hear? No, it sounds like Jon batiste. Stephen: Right it is. That means I have a show to do! Again, you really need to put on pants. Stephen: No time! - (Laughter - ) (Cheers and applause - ) Announcer: Its "the late show with Stephen Colbert." Tonight, vote! Plus, Stephen welcomes... Jude law. And senator Amy klobuchar. Plus a special appearance by comic the insult comic dog. Featuring Jon batiste and stay human. And now, live on tape from the ed Sullivan theater in New York city, its Stephen Colbert! (Cheers and applause ) (Band playing ) Stephen: Whoo! Yeah! All right! Please have a seat, welcome one and all, in here, out there, all around the world, Mr. and Mrs. America, all ships at sea, welcome to "the late show"! Im your host Stephen Colbert. ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: You can feel it in the room, its midterms Eve. Tomorrow is like Christmas, if Santa was going to leave you either shiny new checks and balances or your stocking just has a lump of clean, beautiful coal! ( Laughter ) Its coming back! Its coming back! ( Cheers and applause ) We are just hours away from the holes opening, when Americans will exercise their sacred right to enrage each other. We will vote... and you will vote or I will find you... then, we bush ( Cheers and applause ) ( Piano riff ) We cool, baby. Then we have to wait for election officials to count the contents of that ballot box. And I think one analyst captured the national mood when he said this: Whats in the box?! Whats in the ( Bleep ) Box? ( Laughter ) Thank you for that report, Brad. Stephen: Of course, tomorrow night "the late show" will be live. ( Cheers and applause ) So tune in and join me for a brief, celebratory drink, or one very long, sad boof. Brief, celebratory drink, or one very long, sad boof. ( Laughter ) And this is the only show you need to watch. Because we will have comedy, we will have guests, and we will have all the election results down here on a ticker. Were everything cable news gives you, plus were 100% blitzer-free. ( Cheers and applause ) Thats our promise. We have the theater deblitzer-ed. Of course, in americas on-going bitter divorce, the big question is: Whos getting the house? ( Laughter ) Democrats need to flip 23 seats to win control. And theyre feeling alarmingly confident. Last week, on this very stage, Nancy pelosi said out loud they will win. ( Cheers and applause ) She then announced they were changing their logo from the donkey to the cursed monkeys paw. ( Laughter ) Nate silvers website, fivethirtyeight gives the democrats a seven-in-eight chance of winning control of the house. ( Cheers and applause ) That sounds good but lets not get ahead of ourselves. Okay, knock on wood. Give me a piece of wood. Yes, this is bourbon. But its barrel-aged. ( Laughter ) Dont go far with that. Plus, CNN just released new numbers on their generic ballot, where women favor democrats 62% to 35%. But Republicans arent worried, because they have a history of not believing women. ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Mm-mm-mm. Now, this year, especially after being burned in 2016, the prognosticators on cable news are playing it safe. Nobody really knows how its going to turn out. If someone tells you they know whats going to happen tomorrow, theyre lying. Stephen: No, youre lying! I need to know. We can figure this out. Modern statistical analysis can tell me exactly whos going to win tomorrow, so I can sleep tonight. Lets just crunch the numbers. Okay, in the midwest, Heidi heitkamp is down by nine. But Claire mccaskill is up by three. Beto orourke is in a dead heat with Ted Cruz. Then again, Andrew gillum is a sagittarius and should expect good career news this month even though Venus is in retrograde. Meanwhile, his opponent Ron desantis was born in the Chinese year of the horse, so his unlucky numbers are one, five, and day. And election day is on the sixth. But nevadas Dean Heller saw his shadow, which means six more weeks of election. Make it stop! ( Cheers and applause ) Sorry. ( Cheers and applause ) Sorry. But even Trump suspects the democrats could win the house. It could happen. It could happen. Were doing very well and were doing really well in the senate. But it could happen. And you know what you do? My whole life. You know what I say, "dont worry about it. Ill just figure it out." Does that make sense? Stephen: No, it doesnt make any sense. Nothing youve said for the last two years makes sense! You dont figure anything out! Youre the leader of the free world and you cant figure out how to close an umbrella! ( Cheers and applause ) Figure it out! Well improvise. ( Laughter ) But if the Republicans do lose the house, Trump says it wont be his fault. I think were gonna do very well in the house. My primary focus, of course, has been on the senate. Because there are so many people in the house and thats a lot of stops. But I have done some house work also. Stephen: Youve never done housework in your life. ( Cheers and applause ) Or work-work. But the president has been working hard to keep the senate. Today, he was rallying in Cleveland, where he spoke out against the Democratic candidate for governor. He was hand picked and is a disciple of Elizabeth Warren, who I can no longer call pocahontas because she has no Indian blood. She has no Indian blood! Stephen: Is this the election of 2018 or 1818? "She has no Indian blood! A caravan of freedmen are trekking north to take your whale oil rendering jobs! To say nothing of the scourge of the Irish." ( Cheers and applause ) Got to do something about the Irish. Got to do something about the Irish! And then the president introduced his daughter ivanka, but he chose his words carefully. Youre not allowed to use the word beautiful when you talk about women anymore... no, no, no, no... its politically incorrect. I will never ever call a woman beautiful again. Stephen: (As Trump) "But im happy to call them horseface." ( Laughter ) And he made this strange comment about the neighboring state of Kentucky: I wont tell you... but I, on occasion, would be known to sneak into Kentucky, because I liked Kentucky. I like Kentucky for all the wrong reasons, but I like Kentucky. I like it. Stephen: Thats weird. ( Laughter ) Do we have any idea what that is? I dont know what hes talking about. Stephen: Sounds like he either sneaks in there for sex or fried chicken. Or, more likely, sex with fried chicken. (As Trump) "I do chicken right." ( Laughter ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Piano riff ) I call it unlawful colonel knowledge. ( Laughter ) No letters. But Trump admitted, hes not perfect. Hes better than perfect. You know, ive actually kept more promises than ive made. When did you ever hear that from a politician? Maybe never. Never. Its true. Stephen: (As Trump) "Thats right. I keep more than I make: My promises exist in an unknowable quantum state. Its like schrodingers cat... is the cat alive or dead? Answer: Dead, the caravan got it." ( Laughter ) ( Piano riff ) Of course, trumps held rallies all over the country. On Friday, he was in west Virginia and he name checked Obama. I heard President Obama speak today. I had to listen. I was in the plane. I had nothing else to do. Stephen: You had nothing else to do? Youre the president! ( Cheers and applause ) You could enact meaningful climate change legislation. You could finally make sure flint has clean drinking water. For gods sakes, theyre making four "avatar" sequels... you could stop that! ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Four more! ( Cheers and applause ) Weve got a great show for you tonight. Jude law is here. But when we return, triumph the insult comic dog goes to Ted Cruz and beto orourke rallies. Stick around. ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) Stephen: Jon batiste and "stay human"! Give it up for the band! ( Cheers and applause ) As I may have mentioned once or twice, tomorrow se election day. The big race is for the Texas senate seat where republican incumbent and man who thinks this is smiling Ted Cruz is facing off against Democratic challenger and boy who wished to be big beto orourke. ( Cheers and applause ) Its been very contentious, the polls are incredibly close and both candidates are spending tens of millions of dollars to win this thing. I wanted to send a correspondent down there who could deliver a report for "the late show." Conan obrien is on hiatus but he was kind to lend us triumph the insult comic dog! Hello Stephen! Hello white liberals! Stephen: Triumph, thank you for being here. Were so happy to have you cover this story for "the late show." Yes, you are. Stephen: You are the perfect person because in the 2016 primaries you interviewed Ted Cruz. Here you are trying to talk to events. You even strapped yourself to a drone. Yes. Stephen: Which you then used to chase after Ted cruzs buzz down the highway. Yes, I followed Ted Cruz from Iowa all the way to new Hampshire, but I never got to meet him... despite being the only person in the world who wants to. ( Laughter ) Stephen: And how about this time? Well lets just say I talked to the beto-heads, the cruzers... And I even got close to the candidates themselves. Stephen: Jim? Reporting from deep in the heart of Texas I am here at the rally for beto orourke surrounded by a mob, degenerate young leftists with all one common, they all share the same Netflix account. ( Laughter ) Heres the one thing I dont know, his music. ♪ ♪ Everybody is like, oh, he was a punk rocker. Have you actually ever heard his music? No, I cant say I can. Trust me, if beto wants to stop border crossings as much as Ted Cruz, they could just play his album down there. ( Laughter ) In the back, white fairks playing a guy thats seen Ted Cruz naked. ( Laughter ) People being disenfranchised, reports of voting machines switching votes from beto to Ted Cruz. Thats right. Heres what you guys have to do. When you walk to the voting machines... because these people are after you, man... youve got to behave more white, okay? Im going to coach you. Im going to coach you. Repeat after me... have you seen the new season of the marvelous Mrs. Maisel? Its even better than gilmore girls! How many Ed Sheeran songs do you know? None. ( Bleep )! Dont say that around the polling place! Who is Ed Sheeran? Here at the polling place with beto supporters, lets see how they did. Maybe its good news. Hi, how did it go? I double checked and checked again to make sure. Take this sticker, congratulations. It says im pretty sure I voted. Wear this with ambivalent pride. I will. T says I think I just voted. So the state of Texas let you vote. Yes. And they didnt cheat. No. Congratulations, wear it proudly. Just light enough to vote. ( Laughter ) Were going to do pictures, have a chance to talk to members of the media and this dog. Ill be right here. All right, folks, believe it or not, this is not the 12t 12th an on every n.B.A. Team. This is the one and only beto orourke! Thank you, beto orourke. I love the way you are anybody but Ted Cruz. Thank you. Ell me this, beto, does it concern you half your base thinks they can vote for you through Instagram? Yeah, its going to have to turn into real votes, but were seek a huge voter turnout so far. Im worried about the voting ma cheens changing belt os name to cruise. With the uncertainty around the machines, is it now more important than ever for democrats to go out and vote twice? Vote once, thats the law. Fair enough! This is the man! What does Ted Cruz have that you dont have besides the ability to regenerate his tail? Beto! Beto! Beto! Beto! Im here at the Ted Cruz rally, or a Duke dynasty kos play convention, not 100% sure. How confident are you Ted Cruz will be elected? One is not confident and ten is the highest you can count to. Seven. In the last few years, Ted Cruz has described President Trump as amoral, a philanderer and a buffoon, but now, in a major shift, he just thinks it. Are you impressed the way Ted has forgiven Donald Trump? I guess so. For the things he said? Yeah, hes impressive. What do you think was harder for Ted to forgive, Trump for insulting Teds wife or the mongoose for eating Teds offspring? Because Ted is a reptile creature. ( Laughter ) If Ted loses, do you think hell end up with his first love the mute lady from the shape of water? Because hes a hideous fish monster, okay? We can all agree, this is beautiful. In fairness, people are hard on Ted and his looks and they call him the zodiac killer. Thats unfair, since his eplan to repeal obamacare would kill way more way, way, way, way, way, way, way more than the zodiac killer! I mean, way more people than the zodiac killer, right? Way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way more people than the zodiac killer. Way more! ( Applause ) Im not saying Ted Cruz supports racist policies but he was just given the 9:00 A.M. hour of the "today show." So where is beto in Texas? This is fun! Theyre with Ted! More individual tax cuts permanent. ( Booing ) What did he say? Boo! Raising your taxes. Not only that he voted in favor of something called a rain tax... Thats not how you put on a t-shirt. Ted! Quick question! I have a pre-existing condition that makes me vomit out of my eyes whenever I look at you. Is that in the g.O.P. Healthcare plan? You cant ignore me, Ted! Im not overwhelming scientific evidence of global warming! Ted! Welcome to Texas. How are you, Ted? I cant believe this. This is a privilege. Can you tell these people not to kill me if I make a joke or two? It depends how bad a joke. Oh, no! Okay, well try one. Ted, is it true you will defend the constitution at all costs except for when Donald Trump calls it ugly on Twitter? I love the constitution. And Twitter is Twitter. Men can talk to me, lets be civil here. We can all have a conversation. Im not hurting him, Ted, I can talk, right? I have a Cuban in my mouth, for gods sake, a Cuban! This man has the right... lets be civil here because this man... nobody should be yelling at this man in a public place. I mean, doesnt the man have the right to sit down in a restaurant and enjoy a meal that five waiters have spit in? ( Laughter ) As a Cuban American, anyone smoking a cigar cant be all bad. Two, I just want to say to triumph, my advice is walk away and just remember, it w it wasn Republicans, it was the democrats that took you in to the vet to get fixed, and there is freedom on the other side! I support spaying and neutering just like Trump did to you! ( Cheers and applause ) Thanks, Ted! Thanks for visiting! This is the lion of the senate, right? Chant along with me, lion of the senate lion of the senate! Lion of the senate! Lion! Lion! Lion! Lion! Lion! Ted Cruz! Ted Cruz! The lion of the senate! Lion comes out by itself, sounds like lion. No, I hope not! Stephen: Triumph the insult comic dog, everyone! Vote! Well be right back with Jude law. ( Cheers and applause ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) Stephen: Welcome back, everybody! Ladies and gentlemen, my first guest is an Oscar-nominated actor you know from "the talented Mr. Ripley," "Sherlock Holmes," and "the young pope." He now stars as Albus Dumbledore in "fantastic beasts: The crimes of grindelwald." Youve built up quite a little network of international contact. However long you keep me and my friends under surveillance youre not going to discover plots against you, Travis because we want the same thing, the defeat of grindelwald. But I warn you, your policies are pushing supporters into his arms. Im not interested. It pains me to say it but you are the only wizard who is his equal. I need you to fight him. I cant. Stephen: Please welcome back to "the late show," Jude law! ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) How are you? Stephen: Hello. Fine, how are you? Very well. Good to be here. Stephen: The last time you were here we talked about your show "young pope," now youre playing young dumbeldore. Yes. I got to middle age and I insisted on every part having the word "young" and its working out great for me. Yeah. Just to boost my ego. Stephen: Im going to boost your ego more in a moment in case you dont know what im going to talk about in that you have quite a few fans who have approved of the casting of you as young dumbeldore and youve gotten some nicknames. Tell me which ones you like the most. Okay. Dumble daddy. ID my kids come up with that one? Stephen: Dumble dam, or my personal favorite yumbledore. Stephen: Dumble dam, or my personal favorite yumbledore. ( Laughter ) It has a culinary feel to it. Stephen: It does. Im going to stick to dumbledamn. ( Laughter ) Stephen: You had a chance to talk to J.K. Rowling, havent you? When I got the part I thought I have a responsibility to the fans of the wizarding world. Also I wanted to meet J.K. Rowling. It seemed to be an inroad. She told me everything and it was a wonderful opportunity for an actor. I had the direct route to the detailed workings of my character. Shes a formidable smart woman. Great company. Stephen: Did you learn anything you can share with us? Of course not. ( Laughter ) Theyre very polite. Its always like we assume youre not going to share this with anybody. What can I tell you... I realize its been fun. Nymim in a rare position that played a character that I get to layer up the complexities and inner drama and turmoils and personal tragedies, even, about him. Its all in the books. We get to unpick all of that in detail now that were back in the 1920s. So its a good position to be in. Stephen: And we know from the books that he was a childhood or as a young man he was a friend of grindelwald. He had an intimate and extraordinary relationship that propelled the two of them in opposite directions and these sagas are about what happened and why it propelled them in opposite directions. Stephen: Having to play a younger version of mentor character, have you played to young Gregor. Hes the only actor that I know that has phone through. This hes an old friend, but we dont see each other much anymore. Stephen: Okay. Ill call him. I dont I did anything wrong. ( Laughter ) Stephen: The name grindelwald, they say grindel-vald in the movie. I call him that assuming I had a good friendship with him. I call him that assuming I had a good friendship with him. Eddie said I call him grindelwald. He said would you please call me grindel-vald? Im sticking with that. Stephen: Are you assuming they wont make a leak? I also just completed a film for captain marvel. Stephen: I do know this is you right there. I am looking forward to it. I thought you were marvel. Youre not marvel. I cant tell you who ai I am. Stephen: But youre not or are marvel. I cant tell you who I am. Nice try. Stephen: Okay. When youre doing "fantastic beasts," I think it might be this British American difference, with "fantastic beasts," theyre, like, you know we assume youre not going to give any of these secrets away and if you do were going to tell you not to again and we may quietly kill you. In marvel, its like dont you ( Bleep ) Ever till anybody about this! ( Laughter ) And there was a guy hired, I promise you, on set, they would say, were ready for you, and you would step out in your suit and they would say put the cloak on! Put the hood on! Hide! My children were have iting the set and they were saying, sign the n.D.A.S! Who are these guys? It was tight and scary. Stephen: So are you marvel? ( Laughter ) I cant wait for both movies. So nice to see you again. "Fantastic beasts: The crimes of grindelwald" opens in theaters next Friday. Jude law, everybody! Well be right back with senator Amy klobuchar. ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Hey, everybody! Welcome back to "the late show"! My next guest tonight is the senior senator from the state of Minnesota and up for reelection tomorrow. Please welcome, senator Amy klobuchar! ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) Stephen: Here we go! Nice to see you again. Thank you. Great to be on. Stephen: Now, the obvious question is youre up for reelection tomorrow. Why are you here? ( Laughter ) Are you not superstitious? Whats going on? First, I have a rumor you have a pretty big audience if you want to remind everyone in the country to vote. I thought that might be a good idea. ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Eshes a senator, if you dont vote, I think youve broken the law. The last time you were here, you were here with Claire mccaskill. Shes up for reelection as well. I think shes doing a great job and will pull it in tomorrow. Stephen: So you think you will be working with her in the future. I dont predict things because I dont take one thing for granted. I once ran for d.A. With no opponent and I put up 3,000 lawn signs, did 29 parade and 85 pancake breakfasts. I was the only one. So I think we have to be very careful about taking anything for granted, but the energy out there is palpable. Every corner of the state I go to, all 87 counties in Minnesota, people are psyched up and ready to vote. Stephen: How does it feel compared to... ( Cheers and applause ) Get psyched up. How does it feel compared to 2016? Ah, well, okay... first of all, major difference, in 2016, especially in rural Minnesota, suburbs, Trump lawn signs everywhere. This time there are so many Democratic signs, it looks like a yard sale. They are everywhere. The other thing, people are much more focused on the reality of. This theyre worried about their healthcare, theyre worried about getting kicked off their health insurance if they have a pre-exist condition, theyre worried about the price of prescription drugs. These are the things theyre talking to me about. I think reality has hit. The last thing they keep talking about is they want to bring decency back to your politics. ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: That will be refreshing. Yes. Stephen: How long have you represented Minnesota? Well, ive represented Minnesota, first I was a d.A., and then I have been in the senate since 2006. Stephen: Okay. Im not good at math, so, like, 40 years? ( Laughter ) Lets check your Minnesota cred. Okay. This could ruin my whole election right here. Go ahead. Stephen: Have you ever been immoralityized in butter at the Minnesota state fair? That is like our mt. Rushmore for your audience because what we have at the state fair is a butter carver who sits in her down coat in a resolving refrigerator and carves prince Kaya of the milkyway and her ten princesses and carves their heads out of # 0-pound blocks of butter. Every day she does a new one complete with tiara and that is the biggest thing in our state fair and state. Stephen: Have you ever been carved out of butter at the Minnesota state fair? Very clear. I dont want to evade your question. No, because only Princess Kay can, and ive only been miss skyway of march 1988. Stephen: You were miss skyway? I I was. Stephen: You buried the lead. What is miss skyway? Well, that is if you work in downtown Minneapolis, which I did in the past, I in the private sector, and every month theyd pick someone who worked on the skyway to be miss skyway, and you got your picture in the skyway news. The skyways, of course, are the glass-enclosed above ground tunnels that connect our buildings. Stephen: Because if you go outside in the winter you will die. Thats right, and theyre a human rabbitt trail. I got named miss skyway and a dinner for two and 12 helium balloons. But no butter carving. ( Applause ) Thank you. Stephen: Stephen: Well be right back with more senator Amy klobuchar. ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) Stephen: Hey, everybody! Welcome back to "the late show"! Were back with senator Amy klobuchar. President Trump argues with emotions versus facts. Its very effective to argue with emotions. How do you counterthat? Well, I am a former prosecutor so I do believe in evidence and correct facts, but I think you counter emotion with emotion. I mean, he has been playing everyone like the audience with tears and jeers and one liners and trying something ca new ever single day, and I think this is a moment tomorrow to be a member of the audience. This is a moment where everybody will be a citizen. The way you counter what hes been doing is with emotion. So when somebody comes up to me on a parade route with their child in a stroller and says this is my kid, he has down syndrome, I would do anything for him in the world but this is a preexisting condition andly do anything for him. Or when Doug Jones won in Alabama and this victory for decency in that state and many decided to cross and vote democrat when many had never before, that was emotion for them. Or last week when the imams stood next to the rabbis and priests and ministers in Minnesota and we all stood together after the heinous murder in the synagogue, that was a moment of positive emotion bringing people together. So when he has the angry emotion, you take it head on with positive emotion and thats how you win. ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Now, there is a chance for a record number of women to be in the senate this time around. Yes. ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: There is a good chance that 26 women will end up in the senate after election day. Whats your first-day advice to these people coming in. I think it would be to be careful where you eat. Stephen: Why? In my first day in the senate I was in the fancy dining room with the big picture of l.B.J., and I was with my soup and salad, and Patty Murray of Washington state says Amy, you just took the entire bowl of thousand island dressing and youre about to eat it. I said to her, thats what we do in Minnesota, we eat the thousand island dressing. ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Stephen: There it is. And I would say my other piece of advice to anyone in politics who on the city council or school board, student council, is to respect other people, to be willing to to find the common ground, to understand courage isnt just standing in the corner of the boxing ring, throwing insult, courage to stand next to somebody you dont always agree with for the betterment of the country and you go with where its not just comfortable but uncomfortable and thats where were going to win the midwest. ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Senator Amy klobuchar, everybody! Well be right back. ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) Stephen: Thats it for "the late show." Tune in tomorrow for our live election show with John heilemann and Alex Wagner from "the circus," and hasan minaj. Stick around for James. Good night! Captioning sponsored by CBS captioned by 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 