The Late Show with Stephen Colbert: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Late Show with Stephen Colbert 
 s1e6 - Jake Gyllenhaal/Apple CEO Tim Cook/Run the Jewels & TV on the Radio - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Late Show with Stephen Colbert (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Jake Gyllenhaal/Apple CEO Tim Cook/Run the Jewels & TV on the Radio - full transcript 
 Actor Jake Gyllenhaal (Everest (2015)); Apple CEO Tim Cook; Run the Jewels performs with TV on the Radio. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Stephen: Oh, hi there. I was just pretending to vote. What a strange couple of soarchries the last two years have been. Im glad things are finally changing... or theyre not. You see, we taped this song last week... oh, spoiler alert... Theres about to be a song. The rest of the show is live, so stick around. But right now, I have no idea who won or how I feel. ( Laughs ) Come on! But one thing I know for sure, whichever side won today, the 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 good news is Americans are all in this together. Its bad news is... Same as the good news. Jon. ♪ ♪ two years ago you voted to make things better ♪ hey, thats what I did, too turns out one of us was mistaken ♪ could have been me but it might have been you ♪ but even though some of us screwed us over back in 2016 ♪ were in this big American boat together ♪ but surprise, its a submarine ♪ we slammed the hatch there was water on the floor. ♪ It Rose so fast who built this thing with screen doors? ♪ We make may collapse from all the pressure 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ but if we do, at least well all crumple together ♪ no one agreed to bring provisions on this submarine ♪ and someone emptied out all the fire extinguishers and filled them up with gasoline ♪ weve lost all communication with anyone up above ♪ youve got no choice but to love thy neighbor ♪ theres no one else here to love. Weve all been trapped till the next time we could vote ♪ weve all held hands on each others throats ♪ and though its been only stormy weather ♪ we cant drift apart because were all stuck here together ♪ but tonight might change our minds and prove that hope is not a delusion ♪ then again, all the bad things done to humankind were done by humans ♪ why did god put us in charge of us? Were not even all believers ♪ we might be better off if we gave the controls to golden retrievers ( cheers and applause ) ♪ but we cant split up thats not what were about ♪ besides, we tried that once. And look how that turned out ♪ and so for the worse or for the better ♪ today we got to pull the lever in what just might be our last boat ever ♪ oh, damn! My feet are getting wetter ♪ but whatever happens tonight well all find out together ( cheers and applause ) Its "the late show with Stephen Colbert." Tonight, live midterm lateness. Plus Stephen welcomes from "the circus," Alex Wagner and John heilemann. And hasan minhaj. Featuring Jon batiste and stay human. And now, live on tape from the ed Sullivan theater in New York city, its Stephen Colbert! ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Woooo! Come on! Hi, there! Hey, everybody! Thanks everybody! Thank you. Thanks, everybody. Jon, whats going on? Give it up! Give it up! Audience: Stephen! Stephen! Stephen! Stephen! Stephen! Stephen! Stephen! Stephen: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. ( Cheers and applause ) What a lovely crowd of people. What a lovely crowd of people. Welcome, welcome one and all to "the late show." Im your host, Stephen Colbert. It is...  ( cheers and applause ) I feel exactly the same way. Its election night, and the late show is live! - Everything... ( - Cheers and applause ) Everything... everything you see right now is happening in real time. To prove it, I sent an intern to pick up the very latest edition of "the New York times," and heres the headline: "It is 11:36 and 42 seconds P.M. Eastern standard time." There you go. That proves it. Now, we will... we will keep you completely up to date with this live CBS news ticker at the bottom of our screen. Oh, hey, look at that one. Isnt that a humdinger? I imagine. I cant read the ticker because its facing to you. Many of the races have not been called yet, right. We have a lot still not called. But with 100% of fox news reporting, the democrats will take control of the house of representatives. ( Cheers and applause ) There it is opinion ha-ha-ha! ( Cheers and applause ) Nice. Thats sweet. Okay. So, here we have it. Thats the first news of the evening. Democrats control the house! They can now open investigations into the president. And well finally find out if Donald Trump has ever done anything unethical. Thats the banner headline of the evening... democrats take house." Everything after this is just gravy. The democrats have taken control of half of one of the three branches of government. ( Laughter ) All the g.O.P. Has is the other half of congress, the supreme court, and a president who does whatever he wants. So, so far, tonights feeling is... ( Laughter ) Yes. ( Laughter ) All, all... yes. ( Applause ) Its a hot one! Thank you, citizen. Now, apparently, voters responded to the democrats call to expand here, more than trumps message: "Latinos are coming to hit you in the face with rocks!" This victory means the return to power of presumed speaker of the house and woman treating herself to two calcium chews tonight, Nancy pelosi. ( Laughter ) You live it up, Nancy! ( Cheers ) You go, girl! This is the craziest part. This is how America find out. Around 9:30, when only 98 of the 435 house seats had been called, suddenly, on fox news, this happened: We are now ready to make one of the biggest calls of the night. The fox news decision desk can now project the democrats will take control of the house of representatives for the first time in eight years, dealing a major setback to president trumps legislative agenda. Stephen: Wait a second. Is Trump right? Is fox the only non-fake news? ( Laughter ) Are we in the upside down? Is the new senate majority leader the demigorgen? And do we have results. We have results. In West Virginia, Democratic incumbent Joe manchin has defeated republican Patrick Morrissey. ( Cheers and applause ) Manchin celebrated his victory by saying, "wait, im a democrat?" (Laughter) In the Tennessee race for senate republican Marsha Blackburn defeated democrat Phil bredesen, despite bredesen receiving an endorsement from Taylor swift. I guess tay-tay didnt have that much sway-sway. ( Laughter ) And blackburns support for the Trump administray-stray eventually outweigh-weighed bredesens support for higher teacher pay-pay, at the end of the day-day. Democratic rising star, New York senator Kirsten gillibrand, has easily won reelection to the senate. ( Cheers and applause ) Huge turn out in New York, even though it was raining very heavily here in the city. I sure hope the ink on her lawn signs is permanent and wont get washed... there you go. That makes sense. And in jerseys Senate Race, democrat Bob menendez, who was - indicted... ( - Cheers and applause ) Indicted for corruption and accused of underage prostitution, has defeated challenger Bob hugin, proving you cannot keep a good man down. Or Bob menendez. Congratulations to the devil you know. ( Laughter ) In the Connecticut Senate Race, incumbent Chris Murphy has easily defeated republican challenger Matthew Corey. ( Cheers and applause ) So Chris Murphy can get back to focusing on the very important work of no one knowing who he is. And Rhode Island democrat Sheldon whitehouse has defeated republican Bob flanders. ( Cheers and applause ) I gotta tell you, this kind... This kind of election momentum is sure to put whitehouse on the path to working in the senate. ( Laughter ) Of course, if hed lost, he had a backup plan: Starring on the new CBS show "63-year-old Sheldon." This fall. Any Vermont lefties out there, put your bong full of maple syrup down. Because voters delivered a resounding re-election victory to Vermont senator Bernie Sanders. ( Cheers and applause ) Put that back up, Jim. Sanders easily defeated his opponent: A comb. ( Laughter ) In the results... do we have the results now. Here are the numbers in the results. In the final results, Bernie won. (As Bernie) "70% of the bottom 50%, while the top .01% percent gave 30% of their donations to .0001 of the candidates. Its a national disgrace. Im honored." ( Cheers and applause ) And I am getting breaking news of one of the most important races in the country. CBS news can now confirm that Idris Elba has been named "peoples" "sexiest man alive." I did not see that coming. I did not see that coming. Did you call that? Did we... did not see that coming. Its a harsh repudiation of the incumbent, Blake Shelton, whose victory last year sent shockwaves through the sexy community. ( Laughter ) And this is exciting. On tonights "late show," if theres any breaking results, CBS news will interrupt this broadcast to bring them to you live, okay. In Virginia, former v.P. Candidate Tim kaine has defeated republican Corey Stewart. ( Applause ) Congratulations, congratulations to senator kaine on winning an election. But I do have to ask... did it have to be this one. And im being told that CBS has some breaking news from Louisiana! Lets go there live. Apologies for the interruption, Stephen, but we have a major development that cannot wait. Stephen: Scott bakula? I dont know who that is. This special agent Dwayne pride, reporting from NCIS: New Orleans." We have breaking news about the body we found in the chemical tank out by the wetlands. Turns out it belonged to a man named yeoman Bennett who was on his way to an underground poker game, run by a mysterious woman known only as "madame scorpion." ( Laughter ) Stephen: Thats really not the kind of breaking news this system is for. Do you have any actual election updates? Yes, Stephen. With 100% of NCIS field agents reporting, we are now able to project that the city of new Orleans has gone red... With blood. Back to you, Stephen. Stephen: Thank you, agent pride. Turnout was huge all over the country. There were long lines down in Georgia, here in New York, Texas, Arizona, and Ken-ducky. Some polling places seem to have been caught off guard by the large crowds. Like in fiercely contested Georgia, where voting was halted in one location because the voting machines were running on battery and the battery ran out. Sorry, ancestors who fought and died for our right to vote. Alan forgot to bring a charger. ( Laughter ) "Uh, I had to charge my phone. I was playing clash of clans." And up in north Carolina, the state board of elections said humidity appears to be causing difficulties in feeding ballots through tabulators. Isnt that kind of an 1890s problem? "We cant count the votes! The paths too muddy for the horses to pull the ballot boxes up to the counting silo!" ( laughter ) Even early voting, early voting today was massive. According to the a.P. "Based on reports from 50 states, at least 39.4 million people voted early," which "exceeds the 2014 early vote." Ahhh, the 2014 midterms feel so long ago. What were we even voting on back then, whether to add blue m&ms;? Legalizing conscious uncoupling? I cant remember. These midterms are so huge, that even Trump wasnt exaggerating when he said this at his rally last night: You know, the midterm elections used to be like boring, didnt they? Do you even remember what they were? People said "midterms, they said "what is that? What is it?" Right? Now its like the hottest thing. Stephen: Gee, I wonder why. ( Laughter ) (A s Trump) "I tell you, it used to be so unpopular to run screaming out of the pool, but as soon as I pooped in it, its all the rage." ( Laughter ) ( applause ) "Youre welcome. Youre welcome. There it goes." Of course, it wouldnt be voting day, if there werent millions of people posting photos of themselves on Instagram wearing an "I voted" sticker. Because in 2018, gramming an "I voted" selfie is on fleek. If "on fleek" is still on fleek? No? Voting is bae? ( Laughter ) Its totes venmo? Is voting "thank u next?" Someone just tell me what to say, because... so my mouth seems younger than my face. Senate majority leader Mitch mcconell voted today, and this guy photobombed him with ( cheers and applause ) Thumbsdown. I gotta say... could have been worse. Many people would have given Mitch a different finger. Weve got a great show for you tonight. John heilemann and Alex Wagner from "the circus" is here. Plus hasan minhaj! But when we return, more election results right over there. Stick around. Hit it, baby. ♪ Dont step on my blue suede shoes ♪ ♪ Lets go dont step on my blue suede shoes ♪ you can do anything but dont step on my shoes ♪ ( cheers and applause ) Stephen: Jon batiste and stay human, right over there. Come on! Oh, my goodness. Jon, there you go, folks. Jon, Jon, this is exciting. Weve got a very interesting night going on right here. Jon: Oh, yeah. Stephen: Big day for America, not just the election because today was the final official release date of "whose boat is this boat?" Available in bookstores. Available in bookstores. And im going to say marinas, maybe. Every word of this book was said by Donald Trump as he toured the aftermath of a hurricane and 100% "the late shows"" profits go to victims of hurricanes in the carolinas, Florida, and Georgia. So go pick up your copy. Pick up your copy. If youve already got one, show the world. Tweet @colbertlateshow with the hashtag #whosebook. Send us a picture of you with the book. Include it in your family hoatos. Make it look like your cat are read. Use it to balance a shaky taib. Use it as a cutting board. Whatever! As I said before when I was over there, were live right now. And if you remember...  ( cheers and applause ) If you remember what happened on our last live election show, that makes one of us. ( Laughter ) The bad news that night caught me a bit off guard, but tonight im prepared. I have a lovely bottle of bourbon right here. ( Cheers and applause ) And if for any reason I need to pormyself an emergency drink, I can merely break glass. I can break glass for glass. Right here. ( Applause ) Okay. Weve got a few more results. Ted Cruz has held on to his senate seat ( booing ) In Texas. Hold on one second. ( Laughter ) ( cheers and applause ) ( Laughter ) ( cheers and applause ) But, ahhh... ( Applause ) Save some of that to snort later. Okay. Then again, why wouldnt Ted Cruz win in Texas? Because at the end of the day, real cowboys only love three things: Barbecue, rodeo, and Canadians who went to Princeton and Harvard. So once again, Ted Cruz defeats beto orourke. Although, although by not being Ted Cruz, beto still a winner. ( Cheers and applause ) Oh! Was this excreted by an angel? ( Laughter ) With Ted Cruz holding his seat, this means Republicans have officially kept control of the U.S. senate and to celebrate, Republicans are deporting immigrants via confetti Cannon. This news is sure to bring a smile comitch mcconnells face. ( Laughter ) ( applause ) Meanwhile, in mcconnells home state of Kentucky, antigay marriage county clerk Kim Davis lost her re-election. ( Cheers and applause ) All this time, all this time she was worried about gay people getting married when she should have been worried about them voting. Now, Davis lost to a man named biellwood cawdell Jr., and in north daek, republican Kevin cramer has defeated Heidi heitkamp. This was an expected loss for height camp, despite the democrat capturing all of north daeks black vote, Todd. Jon: Oh, yeah, Todd. Do we have this. Stephen: Do you know Todd? Jon: Yeah, I know Todd. Stephen: Is he a good guy? Jon: Yeah, hes a good guy. Stephen: He must be lonely. In the Minnesota Senate Race, Tina Smith has defeated republican Karen housley. ( Cheers and applause ) So this... can we call this... the Minnesota senators will remain Amy klobuchar and Tina Smith, the most famous aimy and Tina combo in the history of the world. ( Applause ) In Floridas race for governor, republican Ron desantis has defeated Tallahassee mayor Andrew gillum. Its a tough loss. Gillum would have been Floridas first black governor. But instead desantis is Floridas historic 46th white governor. The streak continues. And in Kansas, a big win for democrats as Lara Kelly has decreted grand imperial vote depressor kris kobach. Coback, you may remember, is the guy who Trump put in charge of finding those three million illegal voters. So good news, kris. Youll have plenty of time to look for them now. Meanwhile, ought on the west coast, if the democrats can pull off... do we have this? Im told we have more breaking news from CBS. Hello, Stephen. This is N.Y.P.D. Detective Danny Reagan. I have some breaking news. With 100% of my family of police officers reporting, we are now able to project that New York has gone blue with blood. Blue blood. Fridays on CBS. Back to you, Stephen. Stephen: Thank you, Danny. Of course, Trump has been rallying hard to get out the vote. And last night, he made his closing argument... namely, that if the Republicans lose the house, its not his fault. Im not on the ticket... Although they want to put me on the ticket. I will say this... if we dont do so well tomorrow, they will put me on the ticket. If we do great tomorrow, they will say, "he had nothing to do with it. He was not on the ticket." Stephen: That is the sign of a true leader. He reminds me of my favorite quote from "braveheart," they may take our lives but they will never take our freedom. Also, if they take our lives, I was never here!" Mel is so good in that. ( Cheers and applause ) Mel is so good in that. Trump was willing to try anything to get votes. The democrat plan would obliterate obamacare. Stephen: What the hell is going on? ( Laughter ) Is Trump advocating for obamacare now? Am I finally losing my mind? "The democrats want to destroy beautiful obamacare. Also, did you know, I was born in Kenya? Yeah. A lot of people dont know that. I dont get credit for that part." But the president was not the only one trying to get out the vote. So was the first lady who tweeted... whatever this is: Someone actually sat down and made that. ( Laughter ) And I think they made that by sitting on their phone. Now, this... this is... is this true? This happened. This is huge. A ballot measure has passed in Florida which restores voting rights to more than one million former felons. ( Cheers and applause ) That is... thats huge. It restores voting rights to one million former felons as opposed to Floridas existing rule, which gives voting rights to future felons. One race... I have to take a minute to call here... in virginias fifth district, riggleman beats kochburn. I know nothing about the race, nor do I care, but we live on CBS, and I get to say the words "riggleman" and "kochburn." One can only hope. ( Applause ) One can only hope they put aside their differences and find romance because I already know their celebrity couple name, riggle-koch. Weve got a hard break coming up. I can see that? Before we go, I just... I want to let all of our viewers out there know California, Delaware, Montana... and im just naming states... south Carolina, Utah... This is a surprise... west Virginia is still a state. And well be back with more on tonights results with the stars of showtimes "the circus," John heilemann, Alex Wagner. Wisconsin, north Dakota. Maine. Michigan. Illinois. Iowa. ( Applause ) Stephen: Hey! Thank you, Jon. My first guests have been travelling the country for months while covering the midterms. Im happy they could join us here tonight. From showtimes "the circus," please welcome John heilemann and Alex Wagner! ♪ Three to get ready, go, dont step on my blue suede shoes ♪ ( Applause ) Stephen: Welcome back. ( Cheers and applause ). Thank you. Stephen: Welcome back. Thank you. Stephen: Would anyone else care for a cocktail? Or 17. Stephen: Oh, 17. Actually, I have something to say about that. Stephen: What do you have to say about that? The last time I was here two years ago, it was bad. Stephen: Yeah, I... yes, yes, I believe the term "not since the civil war" was thrown around pretty casually. I was actually thinking about the most traumatic moment on television from "the aprentice" when Rob blagojevich was on. I thought tonight things might get worse. They told me I couldnt bring my whole suitcase of contraband, but I did bring a bottle. Stephen: A bottle. This is from 2016. You can have that back. Stephen: Were live. Is this live TV? Youre welcome. Stephen: I also have black cove if anybody would like some black coffee. All right. Or everything. Stephen: Here we go. Lets break downtown results a little bit, you two. It was kind of going as expected? Yup. Stephen: What was the expectation going in, Alex? I can just say one word about the expectations? Stephen: Sure. The idea that democrats are taking back the house is a b.f.d. In 20... and I think...  ( cheers and applause ) There is a sense because the Republicans are going to hold on to the senate that somehow democrats didnt perform. In 2010, Republicans gerrymandered the national map to a degree that was unprecedented in history. The fact the democrats have won back the house is massive. It could not have happened unless circumstances are... were what they are today. But it is historic. This victory is a big one for democrats. And they should own that. ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: You guys may know this... there you go, young man. You guys may know this better than I, but I read before I came out here there is an estimate the democrats probably took the popular vote for the house by 9%. Which you have to do now because of the maps. Stephen: Maybe 35 seats, something like that, is what im hearing. They need 23. It looks theyre gog get around 35. Is that a wave? Well, look, its not a Tsunami. I think its not impossible... They could end up in the 40s. There are still, I think, 20 competitive seats out there... Stephen: California, or, Oregon... all on the west coast. Its not a Tsunami but its not a puddle. Its a pretty big deal, right? Its a pretty big deal. It will give them a functional majority. Its not like where if they lose a couple of votes they will be in trouble. They will have enough of a Marge town maybe, occasionally, get things done. But I think a lot of democrats will make Donald Trump and his cabinets life miserable. ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Because... The... the... when we talk about waves and the size of them, we tend to be talking about one shade which, is it a blue wave? One color it is. The wave is pink because the 23 seats... the 23 seats that the democrats have flipped, 15 of those are female candidates. ( Cheers and applause ) And that is a big deal. Stephen: Thats fantastic. That is a big deal. Stephen: But now the... now the democrats get the chairmanships of the committees. Right. Stephen: And now... Adam schiff, head of intelligence oversight... House intelligence committee. Stephen: He gets a rusty hacksaw to just start sawing open the White House and start asking them questions now, right? I think the advice to everyone in the White House if they havent already is lawyer up. - Because... ( - Cheers and applause ) There will be a lot of legal wrangling on capitol hill in the next several months. Stephen: Any surprises tonight? Oh, yeah. Yeah, I think... well, I dont know... this goes back to alexs point. I think a lot of democrats... And this is why a lot of democrats are going to wake up tomorrow and not heed the wise words of Alex Wagner that winning the house is a huge biele diehl. Because of the way the national media works and the way democrats like to invest their hearts and souls in big characters, the marquee races... Beto orourke in Texas, Andrew gillum in Florida, and Stacey Abrams if Georgia... theyve lost two of those, and the Abrams race is not going her way. I think there are a lot of democrats who are going to wake up tomorrow, again, who looked at those three, and they were big characters and they were promising something new exwfs unabarbed liberalism, progressive, trying to build a new coalition to do historic things... Stephen: In the south. In the south. And if they all three lose, I think a lot of democrats are going to wake up not feeling as good as they should feel about the house because those candidates who they thought as of last night they could win all three. I spent a lot of time in Florida, and I gotta say, the fact that Andrew gillum lost is shocking. But theres something else that happened in Florida... Stephen: You really thought he was going to win. He had crowds. He this enthusiasm. He had everything that you would think would lead to a victory. But something else happened tonight in Florida which could change Andrew gillums chances if he decides to run again and thats the passage of amendment four, which means 1.5 million felons in... felons who have served time in Florida have been restored the right to vote. That means 18% of black people in Florida cannot vote because of the current prohibitions on felons who have served time voting. Stephen: 1.5 million is bigger than a lot of states. Correct. And in Florida where the margins are that thin, if Andrew gillum ran in four years, he might win. Stephen: Was that a partisan issue? Was, like, democrats were in favor, and Republicans were opposed. Or were both parties in favor of it? Surprisingly it passed with I think over 60% of the vote. There was more bipartisan accord on that than who should lead the state. Its good news for me because im planning to retire in Florida, and now ill be able to vote. ( Laughter ). Stephen: Well... ( Laughter ) In hindsight, what were some of the sort of strategic triumphs or missteps of tonight, or things that you, the Republicans or democrats should have done differently over the past 1500 years of this race? ( Laughter ) I think theres going to be actually an interesting debate in the republican party over the way Trump closed, right. I mean, we saw, over this weekend, Paul Ryan and others were begging Trump to stop talking about the car expran about immigration and these kind of racist, xenophobic appears that he was making that everyone was calling out. They wanted him to talk about the economy. You noticed yesterday, he finally in the last closing hours was like, "the economy, very good." And then back to... back to racism and xenophobia, on stage with Sean hannity and Jean pirrow. But I do actually think for a lot of those, Trump decided to win the senate, and he sacrificed on the altar of that, all of those moderate house members who wanted him to talk about the economy, not to talk about this other stuff. But that was a big strategic choice Trump made. It worked out well apparently in the senate, and thats what Trump will trumpet tomorrow. It didnt work out well at all in the house. Stephen: We have one more result, shortly before you game out here. In Missouri, Claire mccaskill has lost to Josh hawley. And he was extremely loyal to Trump. Yes. Stephen: He actually sold himself as, like, the ultimate Trump loyalist, which means Trump will soon betray him way porn star. ( Laughter ) ♪ ♪ But that... that helped in certain parts of the country. Some people ran away from Trump. But the... in the senate, if you hugged him closer, it worked. Let us be very clear about what has happened to the republican party in the wake of this. Its not over, right. The votes are still being counted. But the moderates in the republican party have largely been vanquished by democrats in the house. The Republicans who are left in the senate are... they have pledged their fealty to Donald Trump. And so in effect, while the democrats have won the house, the republican party is now more than ever the party of Donald Trump. Because those that are left in the party are the true believers, are the people that have said, "im setting aside whatever reservations I may have about you. Youre my leader." This is his party now. In many ways, the g.O.P. Has gotten more extreme as of tonight. Stephen: And as these investigations go forward, theyre going to have to circle the wagons around their leader. Yes. And they will. I think Trump wakes up tomorrow and says, "I campaigned on racism, xenophobe yark fear of the other, paranoia, all that stuff. And my its punishment I suffered was I got an enhanced majority in the senate, and the two black candidates who everybody cared about lost." I mean, for him I think you head into 2020... Stephen: Its vindication. Hes going to be campaigning on, like the ebola caravan. Stephen: Were live so we have to go on a hard break here. I hope you stay around and well wrap this up. "The circus" airs Sundays on showtime. John heilemann and Alex Wagner, everybody! Well be right back with hasan minhaj. ( Cheers and applause ) ( Applause ) ♪ ♪ Stephen: Hey, everybody! Welcome back. Oh, folks, my next guest is a former "the daily show" correspondent whose new series "patriot act" is now on Netflix. Please welcome hasan minhaj! ( Applause ) ♪ ♪ Stephen: Yeah! Hey! Stephen: Yeah! Live, man! Stephen: Nice to see you. Good to see you. Stephen: Welcome to the live show, live midterm show. Yeah. Stephen: Did you vote today? Yes. Stephen: Where is your sticker. Stesticker. I did absentee. Stephen: You dont get a sticker for absentee. Thats the new democracy, you got your vaccine sticker. You got your shots. You dont do alcohol, right? No, I cant drink on camera. Stephen: I have a little sparkling... sparkling cider right there. There you go. Internet, you see this, apple cider. Stephen: Cheers, cheers. There you go. Thank you. ( Cheers and applause ) Thank you. Stephen: Big... youre young, right? ( Laughter ) Youre young. You look fresh. Sure. Stephen: You look... Thank you. Stephen: You look young. How old are you? Im 33 years old. Stephen: Thats young. Yeah. Stephen: Thats young. Im in my late 30s. Yeah, okay. Stephen: Extremely late 30s. I was talking earlier, is voting bae? I would say its lit. Stephen: Votings lit? Sure, its lit. Young people... Isnt it lit? I would say its lit. Its popping. Stephen: Speak for all young people, will you? Sure. Stephen: Are you prepared? Hit me. Stephen: Beto lost. Yes. Stephen: Very popular all across the United States. Right. Stephen: Really motivate aid lot of young voters? Yes. Stephen: Voter turnout between 18 and 30 was New Jersey Texas. Sad he lost? I am sad that he lost. But actually it isnt a partisan thing. Im just eye looked at the endorsemented. He had all of black excellence backing him, Beyonce, Travis Scott... thats weird to put Travis next to... Travis Scott, LeBron James. LeBron James had a beto hat on during a San Antonio spurs game. Do you understand how crazy that is? The greatest basketball player living right now was wearing a Senate Race hat in San Antonio. Thats as boring as it gets. And he still couldnt win. Stephen: And Willie Nelson. Yeah! Thats like if I got an endorsement from Stephen Colbert, Jon Stewart, Seth Myers, Samantha bee, John Oliver, Jay leno, and the ghost of Johnny Carson, and I still got canceled. ( Laughter ) And then, they gave the show to Ted Cruz. ( Laughter ) Thats what it would... you know how much juice that is! Stephen: Well, you will not be, because the show is great. "Patriot act," your new show. Thank you ( applause ). Stephen: It delves into topical issues. Yes. Stephen: As many of us alums of "the daily show" do. Yes. Stephen: But yours is unique. You dont do a lot of Donald Trump pup dont actually talk about Donald Trump. No. Stephen: Isnt it, like, the seventh amendment that "daily show"" alums have to talk about Donald Trump. I treat it like... you know the character in addition want Harry Potter book and a lot dont mention lord vold mer. But a lot of people in late night are saying we have to say the "v" word. For me he is the man who shall not be named. I know he exists, but I do not want to give him attention. ( Applause ). Stephen: No free rides. Yeah. Totally, yeah. Stephen: On the minhaj machine. Sure. Stephen: What do you call him? D.j.t. 45. Stephen: 45, okay. Sometimes when I want to mess around with the writers, I go, Mr. Two terms." And theyre like, "no! Aarrgghh!" and im like mart nellies. Stephen: What do you focus on? Fun stuff, like affirmative action or Saudi Arabia. Stephen: Sure. Its really... Stephen: Thats a laugh a minute, Saudi Arabia. Really, really exciting stuff, yeah. Stephen: Do you do down-ballot issues like... are you excited about people being restored their franchise in Florida? Those kinds of issues. Sort of stuff like that... we did a big thing on... you know, obviously, there are the major leagues which are the big sexy things, like the betos. And I say the dont forget about the down-ballot stuff. Your modesto nuts. Your minor league issue s. Stephen: So how many... how many episodes are you doing for Netflix this season? We are doing on our first cycle seven, but we have 32 episodes. Stephen: So, like, six and a half weeks. Were not going to do them straight. Were going to do them in batches, which will be fun. Stephen: Okay. Yeah. ( Laughter ). I dont know what that assessment gleens I do 202 a year. I was just curious how many... Oh! Oh, got tokay. To be fair... to be fair, Stephen, I dont know if youve seen the show, its pretee its pretty incredible. Theres no desk. Its just all... Stephen: No deck. No its all screens. Its like being at a Drake concert but youre learning. Its crazy. If you have been to an edm concert. Stephen: I have never been ive never been to one. And you thought, what if I could learn it tax reform right now. Stephen: While I was dropping Mollie. Totally. Thats "patriot act." Stephen: Trump obsessed about immigration. Yes. Stephen: Especially fear mongering about immigrants. Youre a child of immigrants. Should Americans be afraid of immigrants? Totally, yes, 100,000%, yes. Stephen: Should why we be afraid? You have to understand, there are the people on the caravan... We have a whatap going. Stephen: You have friends on the caravan? Yeah, totally. Stephen: I get that, I get that. Its a melanin d.M. Situation. Whats going on over there? Its pretty crazy. Do you want to come? Yeah, we should come. But for a lot of immigrants, if you think about it, theres a lot of families, children. Theyre going... these immigrant families are going to come here. These parents are gog have high expectations of their kids. Theyre going to have to live the American dream. What if they grow up and theyre supposed to do med, and then do stand movie up comedy for 14 years, their parents continue to get disappointed and they finally get a late-night show, and out of 37 late-night hosts they happen to be the first late-night host with brown melanin. It would be crazy. I was about to say the "f" word, but im not going to do that. It would be nuts. So of course people should be afraid of immigrants. Stephen: By "people" you mean me? Yeah, were stealing jobs. Slowly but surely. "Patriot act" is on Netflix now. Hasan minhaj everybody! Well be right back with more election coverage. Stick around. ( Applause ) Stephen: Thank you, Jon! All right, folks, welcome back. Welcome back. Check your calendars here. Were going a little bit long tonight, but we are back with Alex Wagner, John heilemann, and hasan minhaj. A little wrap-up of the evening. Before... before we go any further, just down in Florida, weve also found out bill Nelson has defeated... no, nope. No, no! Bill Nelson was defeated by Rick Scott. Oh, man! Stephen: Sorry! Sorry. The red card. I gotta saber the red card was the hint. Sorry, sorry. Bill Nelson was defeated. Its "la la land." Stephen: Most people have gone to bed at this point. Do we have a photo of Rick Scott here celebrating? Heres a photo of him shoakdz by the news or happy or hungry. Its hard to tell. It hammered home what we already knew, house for the democrats, senate for the Republicans. And Florida is a weird state. Stephen: And Florida is a weird state. So... so whats it mean for America? I feel like we still call this place the United States of America, but right now is really does feel... pardon the cliche... Like the divided state of America. The division that already existed is going to get steeper. And if possible, the road ahead may be even uglier than it has been thus far. In a few weeks, months, Robert Mueller is going to be dropping his report. And if there is any comedy on capitol hill, that will vanish as soon as there are... there is evidence, investigative evidence of wrong... potential wrongdoing, collusion, criminal behavior. We dont know. Stephen: If evidence of wrongdoing, collusion or criminal behavior by the Trump administration means no comedy on capitol hill, dont worry, well have it all here. - ( Laughter ) ( - Applause ). Stephen: It will be fine. But... but is this... is this... is the house in one hand, the senate in the other, is this just sort of the carbunkle of the divided American populous coming to a head right now? Its the division made visible. Do Americans want this? Do we want a divided government, do you think? Are we so afraid of each other that we dont want anything to happen? Wed is rather have nothing than something go wrong? I dont know about that. I certainly think... we have had divided governments in our history, but right now, what was driving what happened in the house were a bunch of people who were like, "Donald Trump need to have"... I dont want to say guardrails, needs to be wrapped in swaddling of some kind. Hes... there are a lot of people who think Trump needs a balance, a counter-balance. I dont think its people dont want to get anything done. I think its more a bunch of people are worried about what Trump can do, would do, will do, has tried to do with no restraint. Stephen: Is... is... do you think that the democrats being able to investigate the white house going to be part of issue of the 2020 race? Is the 2020 race happening... Does it start right now? Yes. It started about an hour ago. Yeah, 47 minutes ago. Corey booker just touched down in des moines. ( Laughter ) Elizabeth Warren is doing a listening tour in New Hampshire. And Michael avenatti is setting up a long bus swing with stormy Daniels through... through the deeper provinces of something. Stephen: But does it really start tonight? Yes. Yeah. 100%. Yeah, for sure. Maybe not tonight. Tomorrow morning. I mean its not... in the finest tradition, back in 2008, when Barack Obama decided to run for president, he had a meeting the day after the midterms and looked up and took the measure of the midterms, sat down with David axelrod and say we have to go do this. The guys running for president... There were a lot. That band, this audience, everybody up here times three is the number of people running for the Democratic nomination. A lot of them have been thinking about it now for last year, year and a half... really for two years. Theyve been waiting to see what was going to happen today, and theyre going to be... there will be people in the New Hampshire in the next... before Thanksgiving, filing. Some of them were actually already on the campaign trail under the auspices of the midterm. Kamala Harris, Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren, core booker, they were all out there. That was testing. Stephen: Two years ago as I sat at this very desk and talked to you, John bwhat had happened. It felt sort of hopeless Hassan. Yes. Stephen: As a fresh eye to covering politics live, do you have any hope? Does tonight give you some hope? I felt a lot of hope. We had two female Muslim members of congress. That happened for the first time. Two native American members of congress. ( Applause ) The first openly gay governor. Thats huge. I think thats definitely a plus. If this Mueller mix tape is going to drop, ive been waiting for it. Stephen: I want it by Friday because I have big plans for the weekend, and I have a brand new bottle of rye thanks to John heilemann. Weve got to go. Alex Wagner, John heilemann, hasan minhaj, thank you for being here, everybody. Well be right back. Dont go away! Thats it for the late show! Tune in tomorrow when Chris pine other major Garrett, and Trump the insult comic dog. Good night! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 