The Late Show with Stephen Colbert: Season 1, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Late Show with Stephen Colbert 
 s1e13 - Andrew Sullivan/Maria Shriver/Jim Gaffigan/Archbishop Thomas Wenski - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Late Show with Stephen Colbert (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 13 - Andrew Sullivan/Maria Shriver/Jim Gaffigan/Archbishop Thomas Wenski - full transcript 
 Author Andrew Sullivan; journalist and activist Maria Shriver; comedian Jim Gaffigan (The Jim Gaffigan Show (2015)); Archbishop Thomas Wenski. Also: The YMCA Jerusalem Youth Chorus and the Choir of St. Jean Baptiste perform. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A new report from the center for strategic and international studies says it appears north Korea is moving ahead with its nuclear missile program. Now, this comes after Pyongyang halted missile test launches which President Trump regarded as a success. Its "the late show with Stephen Colbert." Tonight the Mrs. Dismisses. Plus, Stephen welcomes Rachel Weisz Jason mantzoukas and comedian Demetri Martin featuring Jon batiste and stay human. And now, live on tape from the ed Sullivan theater in New York 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 city, its Stephen Colbert! ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Wooo! Hey, everybody! Please have a seat. There you go. Get the tie going up and down. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to "the late show." I am your host, Stephen Colbert. ( Cheers and applause ) Here we are, once again, Trump wants to fire somebody. But in a refreshing change of pace its not Donald because today we found out in a stunning move, first lady melania Trump is calling for the firing of departmdeputy national security adviser, Mira ricardel. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I assume melanias doing it with her traditional goodbye gift, a jacket that says "u dont really work here anymore, do u?" Apparently, the first ladys team "suspect Ms. Ricardel is behind some negative stories about Mrs. Trump and her staff." Although, an anonymous inside source is quoted as saying, "no, im not. I mean, shes not! Whatever, I got to pack my stuff." ( Laughter ) Earlier today, the first ladys communication director put out this blistering statement about ricardel. "It is the position of the office of the first lady that she no longer deserves the honor of serving in this White House." That is a classy way to diss somebody. "Furthermore, it is the position of this office that the first lady will cut a bitch." ( Laughter ) Jon: Oh, my! Stephen: Right? Jon: Testy. Stephen: Have that... have that engraved on some stationary and sent over. ( Laughter ) This story has unearthed some juicy behind-the-scenes details about the first ladys relationship with chief of staff John Kelly. Apparently, melania raised concerns with her husband earlier this year that Kelly had denied requests to promote some of her aides. The president was furious and told Kelly to give the first lady what she wanted, saying, "I dont need this (bleep)." ( Laughter ). Jon: Wow! Choice words! Stephen: Yeah. Thats kind of sweet. He quoted his wedding vows. And theres more big news... this is huge: Democrat kyrsten sinema has won the Arizona Senate Race. ( Cheers and applause ) There you go. Scratch that itch! There you go. Jon: Didnt see that one coming! Stephen: Wave! Sinema is a former green party activist who has become a moderate member of congress, which led her opponent, republican Martha mcsally, to claim she was just pretending to be a centrist. Pretending to be a centrist... That is the lamest role play. Oh, yeah, baby, you pretend to be a centrist, and ill pretend to be an undecided voter. You maintain that status quo. You find that middle ground, you here? You reach across the aisle. ( Laughter ) Sinema is the first woman elected to the senate from Arizona. Also, she will become the first-ever openly bisexual senator. For a reaction...  ( cheers and applause ) For a reaction to this news, lets go live to vice president Mike pence. That is not a still image. That is rolling video. ( Laughter ) This is just the latest in a very bad week for the president, case in point, North Korea. Back in June Trump claimed everybody can now feel much safer than the day I took office. There is no longer a nuclear threat from North Korea, because our real enemies are China, Canada, and acosta. ( Laughter ) Somebody didnt get the memo that North Korea wasnt a threat, and that somebody was Kim jong-un, because we just found out North Korea is moving ahead with its ballistic missile program at 16 hidden bases. 16! We should have known those werent actually new "Johnny rockets" restaurants. ( Laughter ) Of course, Trump disputes the meaning of these satellite images, tweeting, "the story in the New York times concerning North Korea developing missile bases is inaccurate. We fully know about the sites being discussed, nothing new... And nothing happening out of the normal. Just more fake news. I will be the first to let you know if things go bad!" Okay. ( Laughter ) (A s Trump) For instance, see that mushroom cloud over there. Not good. And trumps still getting over his big weekend in Paris, where he caught a lot of flack for skipping a memorial ceremony because of rain. And after three days of stewing, he finally thought of a good comeback. Earlier today he tweeted, "by the way, when the helicopter couldnt fly to the first cemetery in France because of almost zero visibility, I suggested driving. Secret service said no, too far from airport and big Paris shutdown. Speech next day at American cemetery in pouring rain! Little reported... fake news!" I know it seems pointless to bring this up, but Trump spelled "cemetery" both right and wrong in the same tweet. ( Laughter ) And after French president Emanuel macron ( laughter ) I think im... I trust im pronouncing that correctly? Made thinly veiled criticisms of trumps self-proclaimed nationalist policies, today the president fought back the only way he knows how: Proposing nationalist tariffs. "On trade, France makes excellent wine, but so does the U.S. The problem is that France makes it very hard for the U.S. to sell its wines into France, and charges big tariffs, whereas the U.S. makes it easy for French wines, and charges very small tariffs. Not fair, must change!" Arent you losing support with suburban white women? ( Laughter ) ( applause ) Maybe now is not the time to come after wine! Whats next, banning book club and Nancy Meyers movies? ( Laughter ) Trump also tweeted, "Emmanuel macron suggests building its own army to protect Europe against the U.S., China and Russia. But it was Germany in world wars one and two. How did that work out for France? They were starting to learn German in Paris before the U.S. Came along. Pay for NATO or not!" France and Germany are allies now... you cant just pick a conflict from history. (As Trump) "Also, France, I wouldnt trust Italy. Remember how ceasar invaded your Southern province to pay off his debts? Veni, vedi, vinci." ( Laughter ) But Trump saved his best Twitter scream for last: "Make France great again!" "M.f.g.a!" ( laughter ) I think... I suspect Donald trumps going to have a new look at his next rally! ( Laughter ) "Look, look... ah, ah, aa-ah, ah." Of course, while in Paris, the only warm greeting he got was from Vladimir putin. And its no wonder reporters were saying that trumps foreign visit was "rocky." I completely disagree. It was nothing like "rocky." At least in those movies, America stood up to Russia! But now putin is destabilizing NATO, Russia is interfering with our elections, and even Ivan drago is back in "creed 2." Well, I say it is time America fights back again. Like rocky, we can take down the Russians. ( Cheers and applause ) I was never scared of Ivan drago in the first place. He may be big, but that was mostly water weight. I could have... oh, hi! Ivan drago, everybody! ( Cheers and applause ) Ivan, I... Ivan im sorry, I didnt realize you were here. Or that you were a real person. I am here to fight. Stephen: Okay. Ill just take my jewelry off. No, Stephen. I am here to fight Russian stereotypes. Americans think we are cold and harsh. It is false impression... That I will crush. Stephen: So you think all this tension between our countries is just a misunderstanding? Yes. Cold war is over. No need for U.S. and Russia to fight anymore, except in "creed 2." In theaters everywhere next week. - ( Laughter ) ( - Applause ) Stephen: Oh, okay. Good to know. Thats great. So just in time for Thanksgiving? Duh. The movie has almost as much fighting as a family during American Turkey dinner. Stephen: Well, im glad to hear our countries can have a good relationship again. Yes. Im actually good friends with U.S.A. president, Donald Trump. Stephen: Seriously? You know President Trump? Yes. Back in 80s, we go to same parties and hung out with Mike Tyson. I really thought Mike had better chance of becoming president. Stephen: Well, I didnt realize youve known him that long. Tell me this, is that his real hair color? Does he dye his hair? If he dyes, he dyes. Stephen: Fair enough. Fair enough. If you know Donald Trump so well, what do you think about the job hes doing as president? He is like me. Hes a fighter. He looks at the treaties youve made with allies and says: "I must break you." ( Laughter ) Stephen: That was actually terrifying. ( Laughter ) Ivan drago, everybody! "Creed 2" in theaters November 21! Weve got a great show for you tonight. Rachel Weisz is here. But when we return, I bring you the less... stick around! ( Band playing ) ( cheers and applause ) Stephen: Hey, everybody! Give it up for Jon batiste and stay human right over there! Jon: Yeah! Yeah! Feeling it, feeling it. ( Applause ) Stephen: Jon, you know in this dark world of ours, some things just make you feel better. Just fill your heart with joy. One is "whose boat is this boat?." Our bestsaling book. Its breaking all records. The first ladys book just dropped, right? Were gunning for it now. "Whose boat is this boat?." Basically the same book. Jon: Its for a good cause. Stephen: Good cause, both having something to do with the White House buy it. All of our proceeds go to help hurricane victims of hurricane Michael and hurricane Florence. And ill tell you the other thing... ( Applause ) Yup, yup, people love the book. And the other thing im really excited about is my first guest tonight Rachel Weisz. One of my favorite actresses. And her new movie "the favorite" is one of the movies ive really enjoyed. Jon: Oh, yeah, you like it? Its one of your favorites, right? Stephen: I wouldnt go that far, but I would say... Jon: Okay. Stephen: Its one of my favorites ive seen this year. But favorite with an "o" "r," not "our." They spell it British with the our. Jon: Whats wrong with that? Stephen: Its America, speak english. ( Applause ) You know, there are so many big news stories every day, it can be hard to keep up with the ones I dont care about. But tonight, I care about all of them, in our ongoing segment "meanwhile." ( Cheers and applause ) Meanwhile, were all looking Forward to self-driving cars. No steering wheel means the commute will be much more efficient when we can give each other both middle fingers. ( Laughter ) Well, researchers have been studying the potential effects of autonomous vehicles and have come to the conclusion that "self-driving cars will be used for sex." ( Laughter ) Thats great news, ladies. Men refuse to ask for directions, but maybe the car can tell them where it is. ( Laughter ) Did... I dont know what that joke... I dont know what that joke means. I have no idea what that joke means. But did we really need a study for this? Let me save you some science: If you make a vehicle, people are going to have sex in it. "Were researching the effects of building a hydrogen-powered hovercra... theyre gonna bone in it!" ( Laughter ) Even the researchers themselves admit that sex in these cars is an obvious conclusion, saying "its not a big leap." It is if youre doing it right. ( Laughter ) ( applause ) Mine the gap. Meanwhile, Victorias secret is in some hot water. In an interview with "vogue" magazine, chief marketing officer ed razek, was asked why the lingerie line didnt include any transgender or plus-sized models. He responded "that trans and plus-size women do not exemplify the fantasy that Victorias secret is trying to sell." Hmmm, I thought the only fantasy Victorias secret sold was the idea that lace thongs from a discount bin are a good idea. ( Laughter ) Razek explained that plus-sized lingerie is available at other stores, and at Victorias secret, "we market to who we sell to." Sure, thats why every Victoria secret in America is overrun with 510" women struggling to fit their wings through the dressing room doors. ( Laughter ) Meanwhile, according to science, "its fall, which means its time for gonorrhea." ( Laughter ) Okay... ( Laughter ) God, please tell me that red color is trees. I know what youre thinking, youre thinking, "already? I just put away last falls gonorrhea." Apparently, new research suggests "all infectious diseases might be seasonal." Well, thats why they say, if the groundhog sees his shadow, six more weeks of herpes. ( Laughter ) Well be right back with Rachel Weisz. ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Hey, everybody! Welcome back to "the late show." ( Cheers and applause ) Folks, my first guest is an brilliant Oscar-winning actor you know from "the mummy, "the constant gardner" and "disobedience." Please welcome back to "the late show," Rachel Weisz! ♪ Rain drops on roses and whiskers on kittens ♪ bright copper kettles and can warm woolen mittens ♪ brown paper packages tied ( cheers and applause ) Stephen: Hello! Hello. Stephen: Nice to see you again. Lovely to see you. Stephen: How have you been? Very well, thank you. Stephen: Very busy because you had a baby. I did. That is a busy schedule. Stephen: Three months ago, right? Thats right. Stephen: Congratulations, thats wonderful. Thank you, thank you. ( Applause ) Stephen: A little girl, right? She is. Stephen: This is where your husband. Daniel Craig. Yes. Hed be the father. Stephen: Okay, good, good. Does the child... We say baby daddy. Stephen: We say that here, too. Do you! Stephen: You guys got that from us. Does the child take after you or Daniel? She does look very like him. ( Laughter ) She really does. Stephen: Really? Yeah, she does. Stephen: Steely blue eyes and big shoulders. Yeah, yeah. ( Laughter ) Yeah. Stephen: When you were here last time, we were talking about how you would raise the child. Uh-huh. Stephen: Because you live both in the United States and in London. Uh-huh. Stephen: And so are you going to raise the child American or British? Just... just human. ( Laughter ). Stephen: Oh, thats refreshing. Yeah, im not too...  ( applause ). Stephen: Im a big fan of humans. Im really into humans, yeah. Just from planet earth. Stephen: Thats very nice. Thats very nice. I did want to talk to you about the title the movie "the favourite." It has a "u" after the "o." Which disturbs you? Stephen: In America we dont do that. We safe favorite. We say color. Im curious where you guys get off wasting that many "u" s? You must have disowned a "u" which we came over here and settled this great land. Stephen: Yeah, its in the "declaration of independence." Get rid of the "u" s. Stephen: Exactly. I dont know why that happened. We should... we should find out. There must be a reason. Stephen: Just to save on ink, probably. It must have been. Stephen: It probably could be something as stupid as that. It is a uniform thing. Color c-o-l-o-r. Stephen: And you say civilization with an "s." We say civilization with a "z." No you dont! Stephen: We do, we do. You say civilization with an "s." Pronunciation or written. Stephen: Written, we do a "z." Seriously? Stephen: Im not joking. You cant tell because he has the ultimate poker face. Stephen: Im not joking. Am I telling the truth. ( Applause ) You raze, they would lie for me if I wanted them to. You didnt know that? Oh, year, yeah. So you do have to decide when raising your child. Ill have to look it up. Stephen: The last time you were here you were promoting "disobedience," which was with Rachel mcadams. Two great parts for women. Now you have the movie "the favourite" with three great parts for women. Its with Olivia colman and Emma stone. Eventually, is it to have a cast of all women, a female Spartacus? Yes. Next time it will be four. Do you remember the movie "a league of their own?" That was maybe 10 female leads. I dont know. Stephen: Something like that, yeah, and Tom Hanks. Oh, it was, yeah. Stephen: It was Tom Hanks. It was Tom Hanks. Youre so right, exactly. Stephen: Judges? Yes, Tom. Yes, it would be... I really like playing opposite women. Its been... up until "disobedience," ive only ever played opposite men. In fact, I dont think ive even made a film about female friendship... I should mention because "disobedience" is about... theyre love eshz the women, as they are, in fact in can the fav. Stephen: Im sensing a pattern. This takes place in the court of queen Anne, which is the beginning of the 18th century. Yes. Stephen: I knew nothing about queen Anne. Youre english. What did you know about queen Anne before going into this movie? Nothing apart from the furniture and the architecture. "Oh, yes, queen Anne-style chairs," long, thin things. Stephen: Right. She seemed extremely unhappy. Olivia colman does a brilliant performance as a very unhappy, maybe not entirely well person. Yes, yes. Shes... shes incredibly funny and incredibly moving. I think shes qoot a tragic character, queen Anne, and Olivia colman plays her tragedy at the same time as being... Shes a great comedienne, Olivia. Stephen: The thing about this movie is its a historical drama, but its also historic comedy. Its like a very interesting mix of the two. Whats the name of the director? Yorgos lanthimos. Stephen: You said that better than I would. Hes from Greece. Stephen: And you were in "the lobster." Which he directed. Its a political thriller. Its a love story. Its a comedy. Its a tale of power and seduction. Its like three women vying for power. Its kind of like "all about Eve" except Emma stone is the inge new who comes to the court and tries to steal my place. You dont get a role in a play, you get to run england. Stephen: Your character was the real Sarah Churchill. Who was related to Winston Churchill and lady Diana. She became the duchess... she knew the queen before they were both famous, before the queen was the queen, and we were kids together upon and we grew up together and were best friend and became lovers and she was the queen. From my point of view, she was a useless queen, so I run the country for her. Stephen: And she... you have a bit of a falling out with the queen in this one, which doesnt give anything away. But the real Sarah Churchill had a falling out with the queen as well. Its all true. Stephen: Really? Yeah. ( Laughter ) Yeah. I mean, there are... Stephen: I like it even more now. The story is all true. What happens behind closed doors between the women when theyre alone, who knows, right? Because we dont know... we werent there. We dont know what anyone does behind closed doors. Stephen: You know what else we dont know? What? Stephen: What it smelled like. Bad, I imagine. Stephen: Terrible. And the men are so pretty in this movie. Yeah, yeah. >.>> Stephen: Nicholas holt, and the men are so much more dressed up with the wig and the makeup. We didnt wear any makeup and the men are in wigs, blurber, Rouge, lipstick, high heels and their characters were peripheral and quite ridiculous. Stephen: There is one scene where the queen tries to apply some makeup and you complain about it. Its the only time she wears makeup and its... its... well, youll see. Stephen: Jim. Im ready for the Russian ambassador. Who did your makeup? We wanted something dramatic. Do you Luke it? You look like a badger. Oh. Are you going to cry? Really? Well, what do you think you look like? Badger. Do you really think you can meet the Russian delegation looking like that? No. I will manage it. Get back to your rooms. ( Applause ) Stephen: So nice to see you again. It was so nice to see you again. Stephen: Thank you for being here. Thank you. Stephen: "The favourite" is in theaters next Friday. Rachel Weisz, everybody! Well be right back with comedian and podcaster Jason mantzoukas. ♪ ♪ Stephen: Hey, everybody. Welcome back to "the late show." Folks, you know my next guest from "the league," "the good place," and his popular podcast "how did this get made?" Please welcome, Jason mantzoukas! ( Applause ) >> Oooh! Balcony! Stephen: I like the suit. I like the suit a lot thank you. A green corduroy suit, why not. Stephen: I could hear you coming a block away. I showed up. Absolutely, wide wail. Dont worry about it. Stephen: That is really nice. That is for the fall. Yes, it is. Come on, its Autumn guys. Its fall in New York. Break out the suits and scarves. Stephen: And that tie. Im not going to lie to you. This tie is cashmere. Stephen: May I? May I? You can fondle my tie, Stephen. Stephen: Oh, my god. Oh, yeah! Stephen: Oh! Oh, yeah. Stephen: Oh, my god. Oh, yeah. Stephen: That is like getting to second base with a llama. Oh, yeah! Which, I have done! Stephen: Oh, really? Congratulations. Listen, I dont want to talk about my past. Stephen: Of course not, of course not, but there are rumors. What I know... I dont really know much about your past. I know youre an improvisor. I am. Stephen: Youre well known as an improvisor. Why did you start to improvise. Back in the day I improvised. We both came up in improv scenes. You in second city. Stephen: Before that improv Olympics. I came up in the upright citizens brigade theater here in New York. ( Applause ). Stephen: Yeah. And for me, I just love that kind of feeling of absolute limitless potential on stage and discovery and amassing kind of people who believe in what you do and are willing to follow you to the ends of the earth. Stephen: Well, that sounds like a cult. ( Laughter ) Uh-huh. Hear me out. Stephen: Uh-huh. Hear me out. Stephen: It can be cult-like. It can be cult-lining. People can get into it on a cult-level fascination. Stephen: They try to find a guru. Listen, if theyre willing to murder for me, I cant stop them. ( Laughter ) Stephen: Technically, technically you could. Listen, I go out. I do a good show, right? Totally improvised. I dont know what I say. If I inspire people to murder on my behalf, its still just a comedy show. ( Laughter ) I bet I could convince three people in your audience to murder for me by the end of the night. ( Applause ). Stephen: Sure. Are we insured for that? Im sorry, were not insured for that. Were not insured? I was going to say get the trick is get the balcony to revolt against the bottom people. ( Applause ) Yeah! Stephen: Well, the bottom people... Right? Stephen: Wait a second, wait a second. I like this, the balcony and the bottom people. Yeah! Stephen: Youve already picked a side. Yeah! Come on! ( Cheers and applause ) Balcony! Where are am I at, balcony? Rise up! ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: No, but... no! What? Stephen: No, because the bottom people its bottom people need to rise up because they dont stand a chance... they have the high ground. These are the rich people. Overthrow the rich! Stephen: Okay, okay. Okay. You might feel a little different when you get a little older. Perhaps, perhaps. Were in it now, though. Stephen: If you were in a cult... If I was in a cult. I would not be in a cult. I would be leading that cult. Stephen: Oh, you wouldnt want to be in the cult giwouldnt want to be in the cult. Stephen: I would love to be in the cult. Really. Stephen: I would love someone to tell me how to live. That person is me. I have an update. Ive already grown the beard. Heres the deal: Take off this suit that you admired earlier, throw a burch of robes on me, half of these people walk out and theyre like, "ill do whatever this guy says." Stephen: The first thing I need to do is see "the long dumb road." Yes. Stephen: Tell us what the "the long dumb road" is. "The long dumb road" is a movie that is out now that is a classic American road trip movie alark "trains, planes, and automobiles," or any of those kinds of movies where a mismatched pair of people take a long trip. In this case, its Tony lavalori. He is going to drive to college. He picks up a drifter along the way. If you can imagine, I play that drifter. Stephen: Uh-huh, uh-huh. Im unkempt, outrageous, but very charismatic. Stephen: We have a clip of you guys in the car. We have a clip? Lets go to the clip. Stephen: Youre in the car, and do you need to set this up? You guys are talking about movies. I think this is the clip where I show my full penis. Stephen: Okay. Turn up the volume on your set and go. Yes. Okay, heres one. Whats your favorite movie of all time? "The graduate." Really? Yeah. Never seen it. "The graduate." Dustin Hoffman. Ill check it out. What about you. Whats your favorite movie? "Fast and furious, Tokyo drift." Really? Yeah, that movie is crazy like its about these guys and they race all these cars, and they drift cars. I mean, theyre... theyre all right those movies to be honest. "Fast and furious one and two?" (Bleep) Of the best movies ive ever seen. They lost their steam by the time they got to, like, six. I think theyre on eight now. Wait, there are more of those (Bleep) Movies? Yeah, theres like eight more. Are you (bleep)? Oh, my god! Thats (bleep) Amazing! ( Applause ) Stephen: Is that... was that scene improvised? That scene was improvised. Stephen: Why did you pick "fast and furious?" Heres the deal, "a," I love those movies. Unabarbedly, I think they are terrific. Here is a series of movies that began about a group of street racers trying to sell combination TV-DVD players. And now, in the last one, they raced against a submarine, and, Stephen, the rock picked up a torpedo and threw it! ( Laughter ) They are now more powerful than the avengers. Its straight crazy these movies. Also, we had to because the studios trying to market those movies and the best way they told us to market the big bloc busters is an independent film. Thats the deal. Stephen: The whole thing is just a promo for the "fast and furious. Of. "The long dumb road" in theaters now is a commercial for "fast and furious." There will be eight "the long dumb roads" now. Oh, my god. Please go see the movie so we can make more. Stephen: "Longer and dumber" will be the next one. Much dumber. Stephen: Jason, nice to meet you. Nice to meet you, Stephen. Stephen: "The long dumb road" is in theaters and available on demand this Friday. Jason mantzoukas, everybody! Well be right back with comedian Demetri Martin. ♪ ♪ Stephen: Welcome bark everybody. My next guest is a stand-up comedian and former "daily show" correspondent about to embark on his own nationwide tour. Please welcome Demetri Martin. ( Applause ) >> Thanks! Thanks, everybody. Thank you. Thanks for clapping. I appreciate that. Thats good. I got my guitar here. Im... im just going to do jokes. Im not going to play a song. Ive tried to write songs, but so far, I havent come up with anything good. I recently wrote a protest song, but it was an instrumental, so it was kind of ineffective. Thats okay. So here we go, jokes. ♪ ♪ all right. I had a great Halloween. I love Halloween. I think its a great holiday. Its my favorite holiday, because you dont have to celebrate that one with your family. You never hear, "what are you doing for Halloween?" "I have to fly back east and go trick or treating with my parents." "That stuks." "Yeah, they got a divorce so I have to bring two different costumes this year." Why doee we have half sizes for shoes? Thats kind of weird. We could have picked twice as many numbers, then we wouldnt have had to have fractions. That was for people at home. They probably pick the shoe sizes and then peoples feet got more specific or something. "Okay, were all done with the shoe sizes." "Excuse me, I dont fit in the 8 or the 9." "Youve got to be freaking kidding me." Fractions. I should have given up on the joke, but I didnt. ( Laughter ) I never went bungee jumping. The closest I did was I was born. ( Laughter ) Yeah, all right, ill take that. ( Applause ) Its okay. I want to write a book. I have an idea for a book. Its an autobiography that turns into a biography, like, halfway through. Ive never seen a book like that. I think it would be real interesting. The first three or four chapters would be about my childhood or, someun what I mean? And then chapter 4, I casually mention Benjamin Franklin. ( Laughter ) Then I say something like, "speaking of Franklin," and the rest of book is all about Benjamin Franklins life. I tell you everything I know about him. And at the end youre like, "that nerd tricked me into learning about Benjamin Franklin." I find my horoscope is more accurate if I just live less specifically. "What are you doing tomorrow, man?" "Making some choices." I love sports bars because they collect all the people I dont want to hang out with, and they put nem one room. ( Laughter ) ( applause ) Yeah. This is my crowd! All right! A tree house is very insensitive. Thats like killing something, and making one of its friends hold it. ( Applause ) I can move objects with my mind if I use my hands. ( Laughter ) A lot of people go on cruises. Thats weird. How do you market a crews to people? That seems kind of hard. Its like, "hey, do you like hotels? "Yeah." "How about one that could sink?" ( laughter ) Wo-ho! I could drown in my bedroom? Yeah, thats a vacation. I lieb that. I go to the gym religiously. About twice a year, around the holidays. ( Laughter ) I think they could probably bring fajitas out from the kitchen a little bit later. Its a lot of smoke. I think were showboating a little bit, fajitas. I have an l-shaped sofa at home, lower case. About 75% of German sheppards are dogs. ( Laughter ) The other 25%... all right, yeah! The rest are German sheppards. If youre sitting in a drum circle, I wonder if theres a moment where youre like, "im never going to be rich." Yeah! ( Cheers and applause ) Thats it. Thanks. Stephen: You can buy tickets for demetris "wandering mind" tour at his website. Demetri Martin, everybody! Well be right back. Stephen: Thats it for "the late show," everybody. Tune in tomorrow when my guests will be Ricky gervais, bianna golodryga, and chef Flynn mcgarry. Now stick around for James corden. Goodnight! Captioning sponsored by CBS there were some great reviews on Amazon, so many five-star reviews. There have been a couple of, like, one-star reviews. And they tend to say, "hey, its the you showed on television," thinking it would be something else. No, its this book. Jon: Thats the book right there. Stephen: We advertise this book. This is the book you get. No more one-star reviews for giving you the thing we promised. Captioning sponsored by CBS captioned by 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 