The Late Show with Stephen Colbert: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Late Show with Stephen Colbert 
 s1e8 - Trevor Noah/Ban Ki-Moon/Chris Stapleton - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Late Show with Stephen Colbert (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Trevor Noah/Ban Ki-Moon/Chris Stapleton - full transcript 
 Trevor Noah (The Daily Show (1996)); United Nations secretary-general Ban Ki-moon. Also: Chris Stapleton performs. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This morning, cnns Jim acosta is banned from the white house. His press credentials pulled after a testy exchange with the president. The White House press also put out a docketed version of the video by info wars, made acosta look more aggressive than he actually was. The "late show" obtained new ly released footage from the White House of the acosta accost ing. White House of the acosta accost ing. White House of the acosta accost ing. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ( Laughter ) Announcer: "Late show" with Stephen Colbert! Tonight acosta lavista, baby! Plus Stephen welcomes Billy crystal and senator Kirsten gillibrand, featuring Jon batiste and "stay human." And now live on tape from the ed Sullivan theater in New York city, its Stephen Colbert! ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Whoo! Please have a seat, everybody! Thank you so much! ( Cheers and applause ) Please! Thank you so much. Welcome to "the late show," ladies and gentlemen. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Im your host Stephen Colbert. ( Cheers and applause ) The election was just two days ago, but it feels like five years. ( Laughter ) Whats a beto? Is that a candy bar or something? And in the last 48 hours Donald Trump has points on the board. For instance hes banned a journalist. Thats very strongman. Im not saying hes Kim jong un, but hes Kim jong-ish. ( Laughter ) Heres what happened: Yesterday at a White House press tantrum, the president and cnns Jim acosta got into it, until an intern was dispatched: Do you think that you demonized immigrants? No, not at all. I want them to come into the country but they have to come in legally. Theyre hundreds and hundreds of miles away. Thats not an invasion. Honestly, I think you should let me run the country and you run CNN, and if you did it well, your ratings would be better. If I may ask one other question... Thats enough! Thats enough! Thats enough! Thats enough! Pardon me, maam. Stephen: Thats got to be the worst intern assignment. ( Laughter ) "Okay, Alan, youre in charge of coffee runs, Brad, youre in charge of making copies, and cathie, youll be destroying the first amendment. ( Laughter ) But remember, its for college credit." ( Cheers and applause ) Then last night, the White House revoked Jim acostas press pass. Oh no! Now how will he "not" get answers to his questions! ( Laughter ) A lot of people are outraged, but press secretary Sarah hucka-sands defended the decision saying, "president Trump believes in a free press and expects and welcomes tough questions of him and his administration. We will, however, never tolerate a reporter placing his hands on a young woman just trying to do her job as a White House intern." And she included this video: The intern reaches for the mic and, hi-ya! ( Laughter ) That is terrible, or would be, if it werent "fake news." Because "Sarah Sanders tweeted a doctored video." We should have known because in the same video, Trump looked like this. ( Laughter ) Looking good. And where did the White House get that video? It appears to have originated with far-right conspiracy site "infowars." ( Booing ) Now, if youre not familiar with infowars, congratulations, can we switch brains? ( Laughter ) Info wars is a far right website founded by talk show host and hot dog you forgot to Pierce before microwaving, Alex Jones. ( Laughter ) ( Cheers and applause ) Thats Sanders reliable source. "CNN is fake news, and to prove it, heres a video from a reputable news source that believes the government is putting plastic liners in juice boxes to turn our sons into gay frogs." ( Laughter ) And the fact that the white house press secretary is promoting this doctored video is reprehensible, and grounds for dismissal. Or as they call it in the Trump administration, "Thursday." ( Laughter ) Its going to be hard to trust all the other footage theyve released like: April Ryan shooting flames out of her mouth, and Jake tapper killing Han Solo! How could you, Jake! He was your father! ( Laughter ) ( Piano riff ) And yesterday, Trump got rid of Attorney General Jeff sessions. It took two long years, but Trump finally guessed his real name. ( Laughter ) With sessions gone, Trump has a new man overseeing Robert Mueller: Acting Attorney General and baby who grew up and is not happy about it, Matthew Whitaker. ( Laughter ) ( Cheers and applause ) Whitakers is a long-time outspoken critic of the investigation he will now head. Hes previously served as the U.S. attorney for the Southern district of Iowa. Then, after that, he worked for world patent marketing, which was shut down by the federal trade commission for fraud. Great! So hes an expert on federal crime because hes committed it! Now were hiring the attorney general according to "silence of the lamb" rules. But how bad could it be, its not like he was some shady hot tub salesman. Its a unique design thats going to help lots of people. Stephen: Again, shut down for fraud. So I guess you could say this guy is a hot tub lie machine. ( Laughter ) ( Cheers and applause ) But if whitakers going to shut down the Russia probe, hed better start moving because Robert muellers team has started writing its final report. ( Cheers and applause ) Yeah. Going fast. Going fast as they can. Hey, Bob, I know how you feel. Youre just about done writing something and then Trump does something crazy. ( Laughter ) And just in case you thought today couldnt get any worse, weve learned that Ruth bader ginsburg has been hospitalized with fractured ribs. No! Does she need ribs? Ive got ribs! She can take mine... somebody get me a pair of pliers and a bite stick! ( Laughter ) And if mine are no good, ive started a crowdfunding page on ribstarter. ( Laughter ) We still dont know exactly what happened, other than that the 85-year-old justice fell in her office at the court and broke three ribs. What was she doing walking around an office?! ( Laughter ) She is far too precious! Forget a black robe, she should be dressed in bubble wrap and carried down the hallway like a faberge egg! ( Cheers and applause ) At least shes resilient. In 1999, she was diagnosed with colon cancer and underwent surgery, chemotherapy, and radiation, and then a decade later, she underwent surgery for pancreatic cancer. Yet, she never missed a day on the supreme court bench. ( Cheers and applause ) Thats bad-ass. That is tough, period. Jon: That is tough. Stephen: That is a tough lady. I once called out of work because I was going to sneeze, ( laughter ) But then I didnt sneeze, but I was like, its going to happen. I better sit this one out. And this isnt the first time that shes broken her ribs. She also broke two ribs in a fall in 2012. Come on, Ruth! Youre 85 years old! Its time to let go of your extreme sports lifestyle. ( Laughter ) For gods sake, no more alligator wrestling, and I have to insist you back out of your role in "creed 2." ( Laughter ) ( Cheers and applause ) Im looking forward to it. Theyll find somebody else to do that part. Fun fact: The election isnt totally over. And I lied about the fun part. ( Laughter ) As you remember, one of the biggest disappointments for democrats on Tuesday was Florida governors race between Andrew gillum and Ron desantis. It may not be over yet because Florida law... and I did not know Florida had laws... ( Laughter ) Says that an automatic recount is triggered if the candidates are within .5% of one another, and, as the final encounted ballots roll in today, the race is now at the recount range. ( Cheers and applause ) Yeah. Mm-hmm. This is very exciting. Theres no two words more reassuring to a Democratic politician than "Florida recount." ( Laughter ) Jon: Come on, now... Stephen: And after learning they had a snowballs chance in Florida, the gillum campaign put out a statement: "Our campaign is monitoring the situation closely and is ready for any outcome." The desantis also put out a statement: "No take-backs!! Dibs! I licked the governors chair!" ( Laughter ) No one knows where this will end up, but if history is any guide, the supreme court will rule that the next governor of Florida is George w. Bush. ( Laughter ) Congratulations, sir. And in the Georgia gubernatorial race, democrat Stacey Abrams is refusing to concede because there are still votes out there. Uncounted. ( Cheers and applause ) Now, youll remember, this race has been controversial because her opponent, Brian kemp, is also the secretary of state, and he purged more than a million voters from the rolls, including over 50,000 applications, predominately from African Americans, because their I.D. Was not an "exact match" to other state records because of something as small as a dropped hyphen in a persons name. Wow. Over punctuation. Although, it is refreshing to see a republican politician whos just a grammar Nazi. ( Laughter ) ( Cheers and applause ) Jon: That was right in there. Stephen: Okay. Jon: Boom. Stephen: If you need any proof that Brian kemp made it hard for people to vote, look no further than Brian kemp, because when he tried to vote, his voter card said "invalid." ( Laughter ) ( Cheers and applause ) When asked to comment kemp said "oh my god... am I... black?" ( Laughter ) Was shocking to him, too. And counting all those votes is important because right now kemp is just barely above 50%. And if he drops below, theres an automatic runoff election. On one hand, I welcome the chance for every American to get their voice heard. On the other, I dont think my liver can handle another election night! ( Laughter ) Weve got a great show for you tonight. Billy crystals here. Stick around! ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) Stephen: Jon batiste and "stay human," everybody! Give it up for the band right there! ( Cheers and applause ) Well, ladies and gentlemen, right now... Jon: We getting to it. Stephen: We are getting to it tonight, and im giddy because my first guest tonight has been entertaining you on screen and on stage for over 40 years. His latest play, "have a nice day," is a bestseller on audible. Please welcome to "the late show," Billy crystal! ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) ( Cheers and applause ) Thank you! Oh, my god! Wow. Stephen: The people love Billy crystal. ( Cheers and applause ) You could have put me up there. Stephen: We could have. Thank you all so much. My god, amazing. I have to tell you something. Stephen: Yes, sir. First of all, im really glad to see you. Stephen: Im glad to see you, too. I made my network debut in television theater 1975, it was called sniel... "Saturday night live" with Howard cosell. You never know. Stephen: Its CBS. They know. They may be too young. They tried to turn him into ed Sullivan, which didnt work, and it was my first network comedy, doing standup on network television. It was sitting right where you are, maam, and it was, like, is the morning. The guests were Ted Kennedy who I shared the dressing room with. Stephen: Also hilarious. ( Laughter ) Gwen verden, Roy Clark, me and shamu the killer whale live from San Diego. So Howard is talking to the the producers, one of which is Alan king, and the producer is yelling, let me get this straight, am I talking to the kid who feeds him the herring? Who the hell am I you canta... Who the hell am I talking to? I cant talk to a whale! Stephen: Were in the after math of the midterms right now. How are you feeling? Well, we got the house... Which is great. ( Cheers and applause ) ( Piano riff ) Stephen: It is. It is. And we need everyone to work together because the approval rating is 11, is zika virus is 20. So weve got some work to do. Stephen: Yeah, mm-hmm. Im so glad that part is over now, of course, seconds later something new happens with this guy. Im glad im not watching the rallies to watch agent orange go nuts. ( Cheers and applause ) And what would happen was I get into my car and I turn on the radio and I come in mid sentence and I hear this all the time, Trump rips Billy crystal again! I said, what did I do? Its the bill Krystal with a k can, the conservative. Ovary day, its bill Krystal... And people say, what did you say to him? Its not me! Stephen: Do you do anything to calm down? I vape. Stephen: Oh. ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Stephen: Thats very young of you. Thats very hip. Thats very... Its legal. Stephen: Oh, its legal, okay. Which means its not as much fun. Stephen: That kind of vaping. Yeah, well, there is a senior section in the cannabis store that I frequent... Stephen: Really? Yeah. Stephen: Theres senior cannabis? There is, and they have different strains for people over 65 and 70. Stephen: Butterscotch flavored. Not quite. One is called spider veins, thats a good one. ( Laughter ) Mr. Regular. ( Laughter ) Cranky men on the pore off. Theres that. Stephen: Sure. Dont hit the ball in my yard thats a good one, too. Stephen: Mm-hmm. And I find that I needed it after a day of going through what we go through, when we watch this happen to us. Stephen: Yeah. But my cravings are different than when I was, you know, back in 19-ba-ba-ba-bum. Stephen: The munchies are different. Yeah, I go, I could really like some... soup. ( Laughter ) Stephen: Thats a challenge , I gotta say. Yeah. Stephen: Delicious. Obviously, but youve set your self a challenge to munch on soup. Yeah. Chewing tomato basil soup. Stephen: Heres the thing, youre a humanitarian, involved with communities, obviously comic relief, helped millions of people over the years, but I dont associate you with politics and I understand you are now holding political office yes, I am. My wife now of 48 years... Stephen: In a row? Yeah, in a row. We married young, I was seven, she was five, it was a hasidic kind of... we never met each other before. We were just put together. Stephen: Sometimes it works we are the co-honorary mayors of our hometown in L.A. called the pacific palisades between Santa Monica and Malibu. Other honorary mayors, Vivian vans was the first one... Ethel merits from I love Lucy... Stephen: Sure,. ♪ All we are saying is Vivian vans ♪ Gavin McCloud. ♪ Love exciting and new Anthony Hopkins was a two-term mayor until he ate the police chief. ( Laughter ) We took it very seriously. We really wanted to make a a change. We basically have lived in this town for, like, 40 years and we inherited a really terrible administration from Kevin kneel Kevin neilen who is a really funny guy but he left us an absolute mess. Stephen: Yes. He had to leave office. He was caught free basing is a releto. ( Laughter ) There you go. No, kevins a good guy, disaster ( Laughter ) In our speech, we said its got to be palisades first. So we imposed tariffs on Malibu, heavy tariffs on tuna pokay, macrame plant holders and surf board wax and were stopping this caravan thats ubering toward us from Beverly Hills. Stephen: Very dangerous. Very dangerous. Stephen: I hear there are people from the middle east mixed in there. Very dangerous. Stay safe. ( Applause ) ( Piano riff ) Yeah, but we have a lot of fun because were doing it together. Thats why weve moved to this little town. Stephen: Co-mayors. Weve given out trophies at the middle school. The best one, we crowned the king and queen of the senior prom. The senior prom. You had to be 90 and prove it. ( Laughter ) I swear. It was great. It was at the ladies auxiliary. The big thing is the July 4th parade, Janice and I came as the two George Washingtons, because everything we do is equal. So here we are at the July 4th p Stephen: Nice. Co-Washingtons. Co-Washingtons. Stephen: George and George. Those are who of my grandchildren rowing as we did Washington crosses the Delaware and musical from "Hamilton." ♪ Here come the generals but it was us Stephen: Well be right back with more Billy crystal. ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) Stephen: Were back with Billy crystal. Can I ask you about somebody you knew about anybody in comedy would be jealous of, you knew Johnny Carson. You were on the show how many times? I dont know, really. 20 maybe. Stephen: What was that like to be on the show with John Johnny? First of all, all of you amazing night hosts, youre so great, really. Every one of you. Stephen: Ive never loved you more. But youre all great. Stephen: I have great respect. Its a small little club. But now its a club. Back then, it was only really one show. Stephen: He was a god. He was awesome. When you grow up watching somebody and suddenly youre on the show for the first time, it was really strange. Im behind the curtain, two stage hands are ready to page the curtain so you walk out and I I had such dry mouth. I knew my first line would be like Bob and ray, hey, good evening, ladies... it would be like a cat with a hair ball. It would be terrible. The band is playing through the commercial break then you hear Johnnys voice on the squawk box back stage introducing you. It was amazing. A young guy from New York, we always like it when young guys come outs here... my heart is going boom boom boom. Before the show, the stage manager says when you finish your bit, I will be at camera ray one. Watch me. If im like, this take your bow, look over at Johnny, you can wave to him if you want, thats it. But if you get to the panel, which I doubt, im going to go like this, boom, go over there and look like you do it all the time. But nobody goes there. So I finish my thing and im looking at him and he goes, boom and I go over next to him for the first time and, sitting on my right is Orson Wells. That was my first appearance on the tonight show. I revered him. He was a great comedian. He had this sort of iconic thing about him. He hosted the oscars great. Then I started doing the show. In 1998, we had what turned out to be the highest-rated Oscar show of all time. It was a really good show, and I had a really good night. It was one of those not everyone was great. That one you walk away from and you go, that was a good one. ( Applause ) It was the year of at a... of Titanic so the ratings were huge the opening was funny. When Leo split I made my entrance, hit me in the forehead , and started the show. But youve hosted big events, you cant get it out of your system. Its like the night after the prom. Its like you get home at 2:00, 3:00 in the morning and youre thinking why did I say that? I shouldnt have. That worked good. No. Why did I do that joke. Dont do that joke. Did you see Sophia loren? Stephen: I dont know what youre talking about. You go nuts. 6:00 A.M., im wired like crazy, fail sleep. Phone rings, 9:00 A.M., my long- time assistant Carol and goes, hey, boss, Johnny carsons on the phone. I went, really? Im thinking, its Marty short or Chris guess, someone busting me. I said are you sure? She said, gnaw, no assistant, its him. I said, all right, tell him to ( Bleep ) Off. She goes, what? I said, im kidding. Im going to hold on for 30 seconds and let me get myself together. Now im sweating like Albert Brooks in broadcast news because its like getting a call from god going im going to give you 20 more years. So I go, as cool as I could be ...Hi, Johnny. I just got to tell you... and he went on and on and said all these amazing things that you just wished he would say, you know, and he said them all, and he said, you think so... you know, I was home watching and I was there with Alex and she said why dont you call him and its not what I usually do but I want to call you and I want to get to know ya. Rodney used to say, just give me one of these, I got one these are from Johnny and it was an amazing things. ( Applause ) Stephen: Were going to take a break. When we get back, more with Billy crystal. ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) Stephen: Were back with Billy crystal. You and I have one thing in common is we both lost our fathers when we were quite young oh, this is going to be a fun segment. Stephen: Im not necessarily talking about the loss. I was ten. I was 15. Stephen: At any age its terrible, youre still developing as a person, how you communicate with the world. Comedy definitely became a way to keep my mom happy. Absolutely. But it started out before that. You start out trying to make your parents laugh. I think we all try to do that. So if I could do that with her in the darkest of those days, sorto of chip away at it, it was great for both of us. For me it was a little bit of relief for myself. Stephen: Has a purpose, too you feel kind of lost, what does anything mean. Yeah, and she was an amazing woman. She was a wonderful dancer, the voice of minnie mouse in the macys day parade for years. ♪ Im forever blowing bubbles so she had that kind of spirit. Stephen: Did she give you notes? Yeah. Earlier, because my dad worked two jobs so he wasnt at home a lot at night, so when the oscars would be on, and for some reason , even when we were kids, that show was so damn long, and I would have to go to sleep because I had school the next day, so ID go to sleep around 10:00, around documentaries... ( Laughter ) ...But when I got up to go to school, in my cereal bowl was a note saying, Gregory peck best actor, to kill a mockingbird, whoever won, and that would be from her. I did four straight and I took three years off and I came back and it was the first time I did the opening films at the we did. It took everybody by surprise. And the last little piece of that film was from the english patient, and let mineral was in the plane coming to kill me in the desert. It was amazing. He was a great sport. He crashes his plane into me and then I ran towards the camera. For the audience theyre seeing it on the screen, I ran right through the screen. It was a screen that were really slats and they were shocked. They stood up, and all I was looking for was my mom. We looked at each other and I just went like that, she went like that, and I kept thinking of the cereal bowl and where stuff starts, you know. And that was, I think, the high light of my Oscar experience was just that one little look we had with each other in the same room, you know, it was awesome. ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Well, you are receiving the friars club entertainment icon award on Monday night. Congratulations. Thank you. Its going to be fun. I hope you can make it over. Stephen: Ill try. Its from 6:00 to 11:00... ( Laughter ) Stephen: Well, I just want to let you know that, while thats a big deal, and obviously youve got a lot of other awards , the biggest award anyone can get here at the show is my former assistant now producer, she actually puts together a hunk of the day, and you were the very first hunk of the day ever here at "the late show." Harry met Sally. Todays hunk is young Billy crystal. But she couldnt let it go. She was so hunkfied on you, three days in a row, she said I will have what shes having if its a heaping helping of Billy crystal. She put up yum-yum, I want Billy crystal a la mode but not ice cream on top, strawberry, not vanilla, ice cream... if no ice cream, then whipped cream. If nothing then Billy. ( Cheers and applause ) Oh, I love it! Stephen: Billy will receive the entertainment icon award from the friars club this Monday night. Billy crystal, everybody! Well be right back with senator Kirsten gillibrand. ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Welcome back. Folks... ( Cheers and applause ) Folks, last night, there was another horrific shooting, this time in thousand oaks, California. I want to say that the pain and the horror that community is experiencing right now is unimaginable, but its become all too common. And Americans, whatever their political party, know that now is the time for action to keep our communities safe. My next guest has an f rating from the n.R.A., and she was just re-elected as the us senator from New York. Please welcome, senator Kirsten gillibrand! ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) Stephen: Senator, thanks for being here. The last time you were here was just six days after parkland. Yeah. Stephen: And here we are again, talking about another horrific shooting. Back then, you talked about the lack of action observe on... on gun control and that the n.R.A. Is outspending everybody. Yeah. Stephen: What do you think the chances are and what do you think should be done now? Whats the opportunity you... Opportunity? Its extraordinarily heartbreaking and infuriating because congress literally has done nothing in the face of gun death after gun death in communities all across this country. But... and it is because of the greed, the greed of the gun manufacturers and the greed of the n.R.A. But I do believe things are changing, and the reason why I believe that is we had candidates running this last election who ran on this issue. We had Lucy mcbath run in the outskirts of Atlanta... ( Cheers and applause ) ...Run a race, a woman very much part of the moms movement, who won a race because she lost her son to gun violence. It was very much a part of her campaign and she won. Jennifer wexton won in Virginia on common sense gun reform where the n.R.A. Is located in her district. So you saw candidates speaking truth to power on this very issue. And we need to get the money out of politics. You have to get the money out of politics because it overwhelming ly corrupts the system. Im hopefully because new candidates ran and won on these issues in places... in this district where Lucy ran, we didnt win it last time because she ran on this issue. So you have people speaking this truth and you also have people like Emma Gonzalez speaking out and calling b.S. Every time a politician gives her an excuse. So we have to flip the senate, the common sense reform. But I think this country is in a place where we will fight this and totally get it done because you need these basic reforms. ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Jeff sessions was fired yesterday, and his replacement, Whitaker, has been appointed by the president. Do you believe that whitakers appointment is constitutional? No, I dont. Because he is such a senior position, you need advice and consent of the senate. Stephen: Even while the senate is out of session? Correct. There was a succession plan, it should have been Rosenstein, they disregarded that and put someone in place who has nod had hearings and approval by the senate. Stephen: Several senators including republican Jeff flake said he should recuse himself. He should. Stephen: What are your odds thats going to happen? None. I mean, the president put in place someone who has already said publicly he doesnt believe in the Mueller investigation, called it a witch hunt. You know, hes a lackey of the president. Hes been chosen because he is a political pawn. So he shouldnt be in this role, he should have advice and consent of the senate. But I hope we can get back into session. One to have the first things we do is pass the bipartisan bill that will protect the Mueller investigation. Good luck because youre going to need it. ( Applause ) Yeah. Stephen: You have a new childrens book. Mira calman beautiful illustrator. Its called "bold and brave." Whats it about? The suffrage movement. In 2020, it will be 100 years since women earned the right to vote. Stephen: November 2. I wanted to write a book about these women because... ten vignettes about women who did the impossible work with of getting women the right to vote. Some never even got to see the right to vote themselves and as generation after generation building on what each other have done, and its stories about bravery, courage, never giving up, stick-to-itiveness thats as relative as its ever been. And in these stages, little girls and boys will see whats possible if you use your voice and speak out and speak up and if you never give up. So amazing suffragists like Harriet tubman, Susan b. Anthony thats me at 5:00. Stephen: Well, this is year of the women. Yes. Stephen: Not only running but the female voters actually made a huge difference this year lets talk about that because the right to vote is so important and we saw it in full force in this election. You have Stacy... Stacey Abrams fighting so hard today to make sure every vote in Georgia counts and shes going to make sure theres a recount and everyones voice is heard. This book is for our kids to read so chirp know how important their voices are. This right was so hard to earn and thats why Stacey Abrams is the suffragist today. Shes making sure every persons vote in Georgia counts. We are having recounts in Florida, Georgia and Arizona and my dear friend is ahead by 2,000 votes! ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: You have been saying for a long time now you dont want to talk about 2020 because youre concentrated on 2018, midterms are over, what are you concentrating on now? Is there another election that you might be concentrating on, senator? For now? Well, so I do think its an important question... Stephen: It is an important question. Thats why I asked it. Yes. ( Laughter ) I believe it is a moral question for me, and I believe in right versus wrong, and until this election I actually thought wrong was winning. And as ive traveled across my state, across the country for all these candidates, ive seen the hatred and the division that President Trump has put out into our country, and it has called me to fight as hard as I possibly can to restore the moral compass of this country. Our country was founded on the principles that we should care about one another, that we believe in h the golden rule, that I should care about your kids or your kids as much as I care about my own, and, so, I believe right now that every one of us should figure out how we can do whatever we can we can with our time, with our talents to restore that moral decency, that moral compass and the truth of who we are as Americans, so I will promise you I will give it a long, hard thought of consideration. ( Cheers and applause ) I will do that. Stephen: That close. Senator, thank you for being here. Bold and brave is available tews senator Kirsten gillibrand, everybody! ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Thats it for "the late show." Tune in tomorrow when my guests will be Alexander skarsgard, chef Flynn mcgarry, and triumph the insult comic dog. Now stick around for James corden. Goodnight! ( Cheers and applause ) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 