The Late Show with Stephen Colbert: Season 1, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Late Show with Stephen Colbert 
 s1e12 - Hugh Jackman/Sen. Elizabeth Warren/Pearl Jam - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Late Show with Stephen Colbert (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 12 - Hugh Jackman/Sen. Elizabeth Warren/Pearl Jam - full transcript 
 Hugh Jackman (Pan (2015)); Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.). Also: Pearl Jam perform. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 President Trump facing backlash for canceling his visit to an American burial ground because it was raining. To an American burial ground because it was raining. To an American burial ground because it was raining. ( Laughter ) Announcer: Its "the late show with Stephen Colbert." Tonight, Trump plays with fire. Plus, Stephen welcomes... Hugh Jackman. And Jeff tweedy. Featuring Jon batiste and stay human. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And now live on tape from the ed Sullivan theater in New York city, its Stephen Colbert! ( Cheers and applause ) ( Theme song playing ) Stephen: Whoo! Hey! H how are ya? Hi, everybody! Delightful! Delightful! ( Cheers and applause ) Please have a seat, everybody! Welcome! Welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to "the late show." Im your host Stephen Colbert. ( Cheers and applause ) I want to start out tonight by 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 saying our thoughts are with you, California. The golden state is being ravaged by three deadly wildfires in Malibu and northern California. Theres been tragic loss of life and unprecedented loss of property. We certainly hope everybody there stays safe, including and especially the firefighters fighting this on the front line. At a time like this, its hard to know the right thing to say. But for the wrong thing to say, lets check the presidents Twitter feed. ( Laughter ) Stephen (as Trump): "There is no reason for these massive, deadly, and costly forest fires in California except that forest management is so poor. Billions of dollars are given each year, with so many lives lost, all because of gross mismanagement of the forests. Remedy now, or no more fed payments!" Boo-boo ( Booing ) Stephen: I think thats called blaming the victim. ID hate to be choking with only Trump there to save me. (As Trump): "Are you choking? Theres no reason for this massive loss of oxygen, except your chewing management was so poor. Remedy now, or no heimlich!" ( Laughter ) ( Piano riff ) But Trump did offer a solution to californias frequent wildfires. (As Trump): "With proper forest management, we can stop the devastation constantly going on in California! Get smart!" "Got to be smart. Their biggest mistake is planting trees made of wood. ( Laughter ) ( Piano riff ) Rookie mistake. I will replace them with trees made out of beautiful American steel." ( Laughter ) Although, he is a well-known stickler for fire safety. With all the hairspray, hes easily the most flammable president in U.S. history. ( Laughter ) ( Cheers and applause ) Maybe Washington. Maybe not. Possible its him and Washington because of the wooden teeth. Oh, I see. Stephen: It was only a matter of time before Trump got called out by someone who actually knows what theyre talking about. Such as the president of the Pasadena firefighters association, who tweeted, "Mr. President, with all due respect, you are wrong. The fires in so-Cal are urban interface fires and have nothing to do with forest management. Come to so-Cal and learn the facts and help the victims." ( Cheers and applause ) Sure, its a good idea. Traditional. Thats traditional. But im thinking the last thing first responders need is a visit from the president. "No, sir, stop throwing paper towels! Youre making it worse. Thats kindling!" ( Laughter ) Of course, when Trump goes off the deep end, at least we can count on a response from reasonable experts like guns n roses founder and man getting thrown out of a sizzler, axl Rose. Who tweeted, "um... actually... Its a lack of federal funding thats at the root of the purported forest mismanagement. Only a demented n truly pathetic individual would twist that around n use a tragedy to once again misrepresent facts for attempted public/political gain at others expense." Wow pretty wonky, but I shouldnt be surprised. After all, the first draft of paradise city was actually: S take me down to paradise city s where the mass transit system serves all communities s regardless of socioeconomic status... S and the girls are pretty. ( Cheers and applause ) ( Piano riff ) Also, I appreciate axls continued dedication to the guns n roses manual o style. ( Laughter ) N! Of course, I dont know what axls complaining about. He could fix the whole problem with: S a cold November rain s ( Laughter ) But axl makes a good point. Because Trump proposed to cut $300 million from the U.S. Forest services wildfire fighting initiatives and $50 million from its wildfire prevention efforts. Which explains this new p.S.A.: On the other side, Florida is still a mess. Only you can prevent forest fires because were broke. You think I do this because I want to? Ill sell you my shovel! Stephen: Stay strong smoldery. Thats not smokey, thats smoldery in case there are copyright lawyers watching. ( Laughter ) Fra is still a mess. Youll recall on election night that the winners in the sunshine state were Republicans Ron desantis and Rick Scott. But the vote tally was so close that Florida has begun automatic recounts in both the senate and governors races. ( Cheers and applause ) Recount. Huge recount fans. Right now, we dont know who won. Of course, this is Florida, so once they factor the write-in votes, we might be looking at senator gator wearing sunglasses. ( Laughter ) Strong on defense. Now the recounters say theyll have results by Thursday. Thursday... This is so nerve-wracking, its like waiting for results from the doctor. "Yes, we have your lab work back, and im sorry... you have desantis. ( Laughter ) Youll want to call all your previous partners and let them know." ( Laughter ) Republicans have been skeptical of the recount. One g.O.P. Congressman said, "for all I know, theyre still counting ballots for al Gore back there!" ( Laughter ) Hey, thats not funny! They are. ( Laughter ) Hang in there, al. Hang in there. ( Laughter ) And this morning, Trump tweeted: (As Trump): "The Florida election should be called in favor of Rick Scott and Ron desantis, in that large numbers of new ballots showed up out of nowhere, and many ballots are missing or forged. An honest vote count is no longer possible. Ballots massively infected. Must go with election night!" Go with election night? ( Booing ) You cant just pick the time that was best for you. (As Trump): "My team was up in the seventh inning, then I went to bed, and when I woke up, they had lost. An honest score is no longer possible! ( Laughter ) Must go with seventh inning!" And these arent votes "out of nowhere," theyre absentee ballots. In fact: Florida accepts overseas and military ballots through nov. 16, meaning that trumps plan would disenfranchise military service members and Americans abroad. Youre not supposed to celebrate veterans day by taking away their right to vote. You celebrate by posting a picture of your hot grandpa in world war ii on Instagram and raking in the likes! ( Cheers and applause ) Meanwhile, in arizonas senate race, after trailing on election night, democrat kyrsten sinema now leads republican Martha mcsally by 1.5 percentage points. ( Cheers and applause ) Arizona has a heated race, but its a dry heat. So, pretty comfortable. ( Laughter ) Youre welcome. But unlike Florida, both sides in this election are saying every ballot should be counted. Its been slow because 75% of the states electorate votes by mail. The other 25% of arizonans whisper their vote into a dreamcatcher. ( Laughter ) Now, there was a brief controversy about what to do about some of the votes because signatures didnt match, but a court resolved the issue. Trump still freaked out, tweeting, "just out... in Arizona, signatures dont match. Electoral corruption... call for a new election?" Sure. How about 2016? ( Cheers and applause ) ( Piano riff ) The president was in Paris this weekend for the 100th anniversary of armistice day and was scheduled to pay his respects at a U.S. military cemetery. These soldiers fought tirelessly through brutal conditions, so of course, Trump cancelled his trip to the cemetery due to rain. Well, you cant blame him, hes only got one umbrella and he couldnt figure out how to bring it on the plane. ( Laughter ) ( Piano riff ) Trump did attend the ceremonies yesterday, but the other leaders said mean things, like French president Emmanuel macron: Patriotism is the exact opposite of nationalism. Nationalism is a betrayal of patriotism by saying our interests first, who cares about the others. We erase what a nation holds dearest, what gives it life, what gives it grace, and what is essential. Its moral values. Stephen: First of all, these French guys sound like girls. Second, I just want to point out that a man gave a speech about the importance of moral values and everyone says he was insulting our president. ( Laughter ) But Trump did have one ally. Unfortunately, it wasnt an ally, it was Vladimir putin. Just look at trumps face when putin arrived. So happy. I can just imagine their inner-monologues: (As macron): "I am looking into the eyes of a sociopath." (As merkel): "Mein gott, this monster will kill us all." (As Trump): S "more than a feeling s more than a feeling s when I see Vladimir walk my way" s ( Cheers and applause ) Weve got a great show for you tonight. Hugh Jackman is here. But when we return, we remember a legend. Stick around! ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) Stephen: Jon batiste and "stay human" right there! And our special guest tonight! ( Cheers and applause ) Very special. Jon... Jon: Yeah! Stephen:... you guys are sounding big and strong tonight. Tell us about the special guest tonight. We have the six string soldiers from the army army! ( Cheers and applause ) ...The army field band! ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Sound great! Who do we have over here? Staff sergeant John bradabora n. Staff sergeant Renee Bennett. Joey Bennett. Ergeant first class Thomas Lindsey. I am sergeant first class Glen robertson. Keepers. Stephen: Well, thank you for being here, thank you for your service and thank you for your finger picking! ( Cheers and applause ) We could use a little pick me up because, today, the world lost a legend, marvel comics co-founder, Stan "the man" Lee. Lee had a hand in creating all your favorite comic book characters: Spider-man, iron man, and black panther. He was a world war ii veteran, screen writer and married to wife scwoany for 70 years after they dated for two weeks and flew Torino so she could get a quickie diroars and marry Stan the same day. Thats the story. So thanks for all the stories, Stan, and I know youre hearing this a lot today, but excelsior! ( Cheers and applause ) Im a marvel fan. I got the campaigntain America shield over there I got from marvel years ago from when cap captain America died. He left his shield over there. We have to guard it every night. Jon: Yeah, you got to protect that. Stephen: And our first guest tonight, of course, is Hugh Jackman... ( Cheers and applause ) Who you know. Im not sure if you guys heard, but our book "whose boat is this boat?" Has been blowin up the charts. Weve raised a ton of money for disaster relief for victims of hurricanes Florence and Michael. Its not too late to get a copy of your own... at the local book store or billion-dollar online retail behemoth of your choice. ( Laughter ) And last week, I asked you to share pictures of yourself with the book using the hashtag "whose book." And we received a ton of responses. Lets take a look at some of them. Viewer Robbie Coleman sent us this photo of him reading the book with his dog, Sonny. Obviously, this is a joke. Dogs cant read english. A Joey silk sent us a group of eight friends from Carlton college all enjoying the book. To which I say: Good for you! Also, shame on you! Theres no sharing. Its not a pizza. Youre not kicking in for page five. ( Laughter ) "Late show" viewer "skywarn55423" somehow managed to display their copy on what will one day be the main exhibit at the Trump presidential library. And this photo from "big red nek dadie" makes me happy that wooly Willy enjoyed the book so much. ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) And viewer Gabriel ojeda showed off his copy in front of a TV playing his favorite show. Thanks, Gabriel. Pro tip for you: Both the book and my show are easier to enjoy if you look directly at them. ( Laughter ) But I have to tip my sailors cap to dawn kaminski who went the extra nautical mile and built herself a boat out of the "whose boat is this boat?" Book. This is exciting because now that we have a boat made out of books about a boat, its time for a sequel: A book about a boat made out of books about a boat. The "whose boat is this boat book boat?" Well be right back with Hugh Jackman. ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) Stephen: Hey, everybody! Welcome back! ( Cheers and applause ) My first guest is a movie star you know as Jean valjean, p.T. Barnum, and Wolverine. He now stars as Gary hart in "the front runner." Youve made calls to this woman from Kansas and new Hampshire. I make calls every day. I dont see how I would remember that was your announcement speech. You said we should hold our selves accountable to the highest possible started of integrity and ethics. Then why are we standing here on a Saturday night? Dont you think you owe it to us to be forthcoming? Oh you... owe you? You deny it? I dont owe you. Stephen: Youre going to be president. Do you know your responsibilities? I know full well. Do you know yours? Stephen: Please welcome Hugh Jackman. ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) Thank you. That was very rude. Stephen: Not at all. Im not going to let someone out hug an audience member. So your producers say do you know Andy Lee who is over there. Andy in Australia is almost as famous as you here. He and aimish... weve got some aussies here. Stephen: We shipped a full in. Andy sent me an email and I hadnt replayed. He said, seriously, dude, you havent replied? Im going to reply in a second. Stephen: This moment is huge in Australia. But here... Stephen: Well keep it. Well see how the interview goes as I was saying before, a lot of people got to know you first through your work as Wolverine. Yes. Stephen: That was created at marvel and overseen by Stan Lee. Thats right. Stephen: Tell me about meeting Stan. First of all, I love what you said, and let me just say to the family and to the legions of fan s that I remember Stan as a true gentleman who had this glint in his eye. Hes a creative genius. He thought outside the box. He created a whole universe that changed the lives of many people , mine included. But when I met him... first of all, if you want to get a real understanding of where you are in the world, you think, im Wolverine, im walking into comic-con, this is a good day for me, and I was on the red carpet and the only one on there and no one was taking my photo but a at the other end was Stan Lee, and there were about 300 photo feernsd interviewers on Stan. Stan, god bless you. Youre one of the greats. ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Absolutely. Absolutely. Created his own world along with the other people at marvel. What was it like to be integrated in that world at the beginning? We talked about the challenges. What about the first one. Youre a method actor. How do you approach a person who is a mutant in the Wolverine? Embarrassingly. I didnt know what a Wolverine was. I never heard of such an animals mall. I presumed it was a madeup name for the comic book. ID never read an x book comic. I presumed it was a wolf and I did study wolves. I watched documentaries, there was a big I "... imax movie at the time. Stephen: So you put in the hours. Yes, and I turned up for a fight rehearsal. I was incorporating wolves have their nose to the ground and look into their Ace because theyre smelling you. The director goes, what are you doing with the body? I said, I was thinking, you know , I was doing work on the wolves and... he said, wolves? Why wolves? Youre playing a Wolverine. I go, well, its not an animal. He goes, yeah, it is, out of the zoo. That was a humiliating moment and three weeks of wasted research. But it worked out. ( Laughter ) Stephen: Well, I met your lovely wife, Debra Lee. Yes. Stephen: And this is the two of you right here. It is. Stephen: Now, like your friend Andy Lee here, she is an actor in Australia and we may not have known her work up here. Shes a big deal down there. When you met her, were you a big deal? Zero. Stephen: You were dating up big time. And it was my first job, and she was the star of it. So, yeah, it was huge. I remember actually the first day I went... this is Australia, so the second assistant director picked me up and brought me to rehearsal, and... literally picked me up in his own car, took me to rehearsal. Deb was already in the car sitting in the front seat. I thought, because shed been to Hollywood and done movies, and I thought hows this going to go? Shes in the front seat, so I thought that was a good sign, you know, not sitting in the back of her show shawf... Chauffeured sunglasses. She turned around and said, hi, im deray Lee. I thought, I im going to marry that woman. Stephen: Two weeks later she I knew early on. She needed convincing but I knew Stephen: When did you get the signal that you had pressed her enough? It was sunrise and she was naked in my bed ( laughter ) No, the signal for me, I had a dinner party, and I had a crush on Deb really badly and it was embarrassed about it. I then did the thing you do which is not speak to her, so I didnt speak to her about a week shes the star of the show, everyone had a crush on her, and I invite her to dinner with about 12 other people and she got a phone call in the middle of dinner. Youre in the suburbs, she gets a phone call, and were all stopped and listening. She goes, whos at the front? Mick Jagger. Turns out Mick Jagger was in a limousine with a friend of hers out front. Mick Jagger from my favorite band growing up is outside my home in beaconsville parade and said, come on, Deb, party with us, were going out with Mick. Debra goes, you can tell Mick im with Hugh Jackman. ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Thats a signal. Thats a good signal. Stephen: Thats a good signal when a woman turns down Mick Jagger. Exactly. Stephen: The film is called "the front runner." I watched it this weekend because im special and I get to see things early. Its absolutely wonderful. Jason wrightman is the director. You play senator Gary hart who, of course, ism because I grow up here. Were you aware that he was a prominent political figure back if 1987, 88? 87, I was touring around with four other Australians backpacking. I dont remember the entire year , to be honest. But I didnt know much about it at all. Turns out a lot of people said, yeah, I remember that, the monk ey business. Stephen: They remember Donna rice sitting on his lap in front of a beat which said monk ey business, the most damn ing photograph. Which didnt appear until three pocahontas after h he left the race which most people dont remember. In political history, its a relatively small moment but a huge turning point in the way we view politicsings... politicians , public versus private, and if youre like me and wake up and wonder how did we get to where we are today, this is a cool movie that will give you a little thread to how things got to where we are. Stephen: The big debate at the time was we havent judged our presidents or their candidates on their private lives to this degree before, shall we destroy the frontrunner have you had a chance to meet him in. Yes. Stephen: I interviewed him and said I can see why hes a frontrunner. Hes intelligent, personable, astute and charismatic. What did you guys talk about? I loved it. First of all, he makes a mean Martini and is an amazing man. I called him... I call him a friend which I am blessed to do, and family. This guy is humble and really smart. Youve got to be on your game because you can talk to him about anything and hes all over it, still very, very sharp, still very involved, and hes the kind of guy in 1981 when he was a senator, he had jobs and then went back to the senate and said in 1981 we have to have computers in every classroom, we have to change our education system, everything is changing, the world is going to change. He saw how we were sort of addicted to oil the world over and how thats going to lead to problems in the middle east. He saw the end of the cold war eight years before it was happening. He actually invited gorbachev to his inauguration if he had been elected, and so many things. He saw the future, and it really makes me sad knowing him, knowing his policies, knowing how brilliant he was that his voice was lost to politics, but I admire him a lot and doing this movie taught me a lot, I have to tell you. Stephen: Well, the most famous line from him in this entire thing which includes the movie is to a reporter, look, you want to follow me around, you will be bored. Right. Stephen: People didnt get bored. Right. And I think one of the things that came out of Matts book, this book is movie on the book, is thats a throwaway line a little taken out of context, and they were already following him around. I think one thing that p must have stuck in Garys craw is for 30 years people go, I know youre the smartest man in politics but why would you invite people to narrowly you around? Esaid, I didnt, they were already following me. Theres a speech at the end where I think he speaks to beautifully about politics, about the future of politics, and is quite chilling in the end as you see where we are today with politics of the kind of things he saw. He was an amazing politician. Yeah, im biased, obviously. Stephen: The performance is fantastic. Thanks for being here, nice to see you again. "The front runner" is in select theaters now and everywhere November 21. Hugh Jackman, everybody. Well be right back with Jeff tweedy! ♪ ( Cheers and applause ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) Stephen: Welcome back again , everybody! My next guest is a grammy award winning rock star who made multiple appearances here as the lead singer of Wilco. Hes going to perform later. But first please welcome back to "the late show," a lovely man from Chicago, Jeff tweedy! ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) Stephen: Ive never done this before! Thank you, thats how the big stars do it. Youve got to hug somebody in the audience. Ive never done this before. Stephen: Youve never done this before? Ive spoken to you weve spoken but ive never done this before. This is the coolest thing thats ever happened to me. ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Uh I doubt that. It is. Stephen: Pretty cool for us nice to see you again. Weve had a chance to talk in the past on told show. Weve had you on this show a bunch. How have you been? Good. I have been busy. Stephen: You wrote a book. I wrote a book? Its called "lets go (so we can get back)" How old are you on the cover of this book here? 22, maybe. Stephen: This is you. This is you on the back. ( Laughter ) Rock and roll lifestyle take its toll. Its a pretty stark before and after. Stephen: But youre younger than I am. Now writing a memoir, youre still a pretty young guy. Can you write a memoir and still rock? Uh... yeah, I thought I would write it now before I forget everything. ( Laughter ) Stephen: Is there a possibility that it might all be gone? Its all fading, already. So, yeah... ( Laughter ) I wasnt sure anybody would want me to write a book in ten years, so I taut I would take the... Stephen: Opportunity now. The opportunity. Stephen: Strike while the irons hot. Mm-hmm. Stephen: In this book, you say you if you at a young age you wanted to perform, how did that manifest itself and how young were you when you said, yeah, im going to be a rock and roller? I dont know. My mom would say that I would stand and point at the stereo until she put a record on. Stephen: Before you could talk? Before I could talk. Yeah. Thats the story in my family. But... in the book, I talk about going to school in the third grade and playing born to run bring Bruce Springsteen for my friends and telling them it was me. Stephen: Did you bring the album in or did you... To, I recorded it off the radio. And I put my name on it. ( Laughter ) And I told them thats me. ( Laughter ) Stephen: You told them you wrote it, too? Im playing all the instruments. Thats my voice. Stephen: The town took the bones from your back? I had a lot on my mind at eight. Stephen: Did they buy it? No, they didnt buy it. It was uppt just the song either it was the whole album. Stephen: Wow. Thats pretty impressive theft. Its pretty... yeah, really terrifying ability to identify with... Stephen: Bruce Springsteen. I knew it happened with rocky , too. I went to see rocky when it came out and I came home and knocked myself out with a doorknob because I thought it looked cool to have a black eye. ( Laughter ) This has been really good for me Stephen: Sure. Im glad im having this moment to share that. Stephen: I can see why you dont remember some of this stuff. ( Laughter ) Right. Stephen: Weve got to go here. Youre going to perform in just a moment. Before we do, you came on here and did some songs from this album two years ago. Mm-hmm. Stephen: Two years ago, and the name of the album is "star wars." We didnt have a chance to talk about that at the time. Why sit named "star wars"... why is this named "star wars"? We wanted to call the album" cease and desist," and we were trying to get George Lucas to sue us so we could re-release the album as cease and desist, and it just didnt happen. ( Laughter ) He didnt bite. Stephen: You had another attempt. You also thought of releasing it like this. Other way. Stephen: Other way? Yeah. ( Laughter ) We were trying to picture the most litigious album cover we could come up with. Stephen: Didnt happen? Our lawyer said absolutely not. ( Laughter ) Stephen: Your album is called "warm." What are you going to play for from it? "Lets go rain." Its a joyous plea for the sweet relief of death. ( Laughter ) Stephen: Jeff, good to see you. Thanks for being here! "Lets go (so we can get back)" Is available tomorrow. Stick around for a musical performance from Jeff tweedy! ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) ♪ Rocky top, you will always be home for me. Good old rocky top ♪ ♪ rocky top Tennessee ♪ wished I was on rockytop... ♪♪♪ ( Cheers and applause ) ( Band playing ) Stephen: Here performing "lets go rain" from his new album, "warm," ladies and gentlemen, Jeff tweedy! (Cheers and applause ) ♪♪ ♪ ♪ oh, ive heard about Noahs flood ♪ washed away a world of sin some say destruction is an act of love ♪ and think it should happen again ♪ oh, lets go rain lets go rain ♪ again lets go rain ♪ lets go rain again ♪ now once upon a time, I was a Christian ♪ I didnt know, I didnt need to know ♪ now when the sky speaks, im going to listen ♪ and when its missin, ill just figure im alone ♪ oh, lets go rain lets go rain ♪ again come on rain ♪ lets go rain again ♪ oh, I should build a wooden ark ♪ wouldnt you rather live on an ocean of guitars ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Aw, come on rain lets go rain ♪ again lets go rain ♪ lets go rain again ♪ ♪ ♪ oooooh, oooh, ooh aah, aah, aaah ♪ maybe youre not a believer or maybe you dont have a choice ♪ or maybe its a fever that you havent caught yet ♪ cause you havent met Scott mccaughey ♪ oh, lets go rain lets go rain ♪ again lets go rain ♪ lets go rain again ♪ lets go rain lets go rain ♪ again lets go rain ♪ lets go rain again ♪ still no rain still no rain ♪ again lets go rain ♪ lets go rain again (cheers and applause ) Thank you. Worth the wait. Jeff tweedy, everybody! Well be right back! ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Well, thats it for "the late show," everybody. Tune in tomorrow when my guests will be Rachel Weisz, Jason mantzoukas, and comedian Demetri Martin. Now stick around for our friend James corden. Good night! Captioning sponsored by CBS captioned by 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 