The Late Show with Stephen Colbert: Season 1, Episode 16 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Late Show with Stephen Colbert 
 s1e16 - Ellen Page/Jesse Eisenberg/Dominic Wilcox - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Late Show with Stephen Colbert (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 16 - Ellen Page/Jesse Eisenberg/Dominic Wilcox - full transcript 
 Ellen Page (Freeheld (2015)); Jesse Eisenberg (Louder Than Bombs (2015)); inventor/designer Dominic Wilcox. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 British prime minister Theresa may is facing a political crisis over brexit. We will leave the e.U. In a smooth and orderly way on the 29 of march, 2019. ( Laughter ) Nothing short of political chaos. ♪ ♪ ( gunshot ) 007, we need you now more than ever. Whats the assignment, m? International terrorism? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Rogue agent? Stolen nuclear launch codes? We need you to fix this brexit thing! Ahh... im sorry, what... Whats happening? You know, the brexit thing! Utter chaos! Secretaries resigned, cabinet members have quit, there are calls for a vote of no confidence. Its a bloody fiasco! Yeah... I quit. What? Youre on your own. Moneypenny and I are going to open up a quiznos franchise. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Bond, your country needs you! Sorry, quiznos awaits. Mmmm... toasty. Its "the late show with Stephen Colbert." Tonight, new kids in the house. Plus, Stephen welcomes timothee chalamet and comedian Graham Kay. And a special appearance by supreme court justice Sonia sotomayor. Featuring Jon batiste and stay human. And now, live on tape from the ed Sullivan theater in New York city, its Stephen Colbert! ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Wooo! Come on! Hey, come on! Right over there! Side arm. Jon, oh, man, I need the warmth. Its a little chilly. ( Applause ) Stephen: Thanks, everybody! Sit down! Sit dune! Wow! Come on! This is an... this is an amazing audience right here. This is an incredible audience right here. You know why theyre so happy? This audience is happy they werent last nights audience standing in that snow all night, yeah. Though that was a good audience, too. That was a good audience, too. Welcome to "the late show," everybody. Im your host, Stephen Colbert. It is Friday! Im your host, Stephen Colbert. Man! What a week. Its a new reality. Democrats are in control of th house of representatives. ( Cheers and applause ) And this week, newly elected representatives were in Washington for congress freshman orientation. Its just like college freshman orientation, only in congress, the seniors are actual seniors. ( Laughter ) Now, as part of orientation, congress put out a flier with pictures of all the new faces from both parties. See if you can spot the difference. Heres the new democrats: A diverse group, looking like a cross-section of America. ( Cheers and applause ) And here are the Republicans: Also diverse, a rainbow from beige to eggshell. ( Laughter ) Now, no congressional freshman out there seems to be enjoying themselves as much as incoming New York congresswoman and reason youre cheering so loud you cant hear what im saying, Alexandria ocasio-Cortez. Shes been posting Instagram stories of her first experiences in congress, including this one where she says, "welcome to Hogwarts." ( Laughter ) Shes right. Shes nailed that. Congress is like Hogwarts. Just beware of the ancient wizard mccoldemort. Laugh meanwhile, meanwhile... im not afraid to say his name. Meanwhile, after the midterms, Trump has mysteriously stopped talking about what was once the greatest threat to America, the caravan! ♪ ♪ I came out... I came out pointing the wrong way. ( Applause ) But theres one group that cant forget about it: Its the 5,900 troops recently deployed to the U.S.-Mexico border by president Trump. (As Trump):" Wait, they really went? Thats hilarious! I was just (bleep) With you." And the conditions for those serving at the border are really not great: Theres "little electricity, no combat pay," and the troops will be on the border over Thanksgiving. So trumps extended the family separation to the troops. This was obviously just a political stunt for the midterms. Before the election, trumps military deployment to the border was called "operation faithful patriot." But recently, a Pentagon spokesman said that "we are no longer calling it operation faithful patriot. We are referring to it as border support." You cant drop the cool nickname. The next "fast and furious" movie cant star Dwayne "the guy" Johnson. But on Wednesday... Wednesday? On Wednesday, the troops received a visit from defense secretary and father-in-law watching you mow his lawn, James mattis. ( Laughter ) And on his way to the border, mattis conceded that the mission was a little vague. At the present, I do not anticipate military personnel coming into direct contact with migrants. Stephen: Yeah, cause fun fact: The vast majority of the migrants are more than 1,000 miles away still. The troops are down there for no reason! Its like if Paul revere went through the streets shouting, "the no one is coming! The no one is coming! Why am I yelling on my horse in the middle of the night? - Oh, god, I need mental help!" ( - Cheers and applause ) Meanwhile... ♪ ♪ - Meanwhile, in board game news ( - laughter ) Thats right. There is some. Monopoly is trying to win younger players with a new edition... and this is real... Called "monopoly for millennials," which they market with the snarky tagline, "forget real estate. You cant afford it anyway." - ( Laughter ) ( - Applause ) Jon: Wow! Stephen: Wow! That is cold. Jon: Yeah, thats cold. Stephen: Ice cold. Come on, monopoly! Games are where people go to escape reality. If we wanted realism in our board games, wed have "your insurance doesnt cover that operation," and "clue 2018," where its obvious who committed the crime, but somehow theyre still president anyway. In this version, the monopoly man is taking a selfie while listening to his earbuds, drinking a latte, and wearing cool shades, and a participation ribbon. Youre got to hand it to them. That is a perfect portrait of an entire generation of old people who have no idea what millennials are like. ( Laughter ) ( applause ) Jon: Now, youre talking. ( Cheers and applause ) Now youre talking. ♪ ♪ Stephen: I tell you, I did not anticipate there being a story after the Paul revere one, because I am exhausted now. And millennial monopoly really doubles down on dissing the youths. Instead of collecting money, players collect experience points by visiting the hottest destinations: From your friends couch, to the vegan bistro, to a week-long meditation retreat." Notice that millennial monopolys list of fun experiences does not include "playing millennial monopoly." ( Laughter ) ( applause ) Millennial monopoly. Millennial monopoly. But I guess this lack of understanding towards younger generations shouldnt come as a surprise, since this is the same company that brought us... and this is real... "Fortnite monopoly." Its all the fun of the video game, minus all the fun of the video game. ( Laughter ) Weve got a great show for you tonight. Timothee chalamet is here. But when I return, ill argue my case to none other than supreme court justice Sonia sotomayor. Stick around! ♪ ♪ ( applause ) ( Band playing ) ( cheers and applause ) Stephen: Jon batiste and stay human, everybody! Jon, happy Friday. Jon: Happy Friday! Were in the zone! Stephen: Come on. You can feel the Friday. Jon: The Friday zone! Stephen: Theres so much Friday here theyre sponging up the Friday here. You know what im excited about this weekend, Jon. Im excited about the book "whose boat is this boat?," that were selling out there all around the country for people affected by the hurricanes in north Carolina and Georgia. Yesterday we found out number one "New York times" bestsaler right here. Jon: Number one, thats right. Stephen: Number one overall. But they got us on this "advice, how-to, and miscellaneous" list right here. And I think "miscellaneous," thats anything. Miscellaneous could be anything. Not only is it the number one book, I think its the number one electrical appliance right now in America. Because "miscellaneous" means anything. You cant take that back. Thats "the New York times." Or is "the New York times" lying? Thats what I want to know. If were not the number one appliance, thats fake news. All right. Somebody owes the president an apology. And it aint me. Folks, the supreme court was in the news last week again. We learned that justice ginsburg was recovering after a fall. Shes back at work, and im not surprised because I know her strength. Earlier this year, I worked out with r.B.G. So, I was delighted when another supreme court justice, Sonia sotomayor, agreed to sit down with me. ( Applause ) Amazing. Second or third time. Ive talked with her before. Shes amazing. People love Sonia. She has an inspiring life story which she tells in two new childrens books: "Turning pages" and "the beloved world of Sonia sotomayor." And I recently sat down with justice Sonia sotomayor. In our nations capital. Stephen: The supreme court of the United States. In just a moment, ill be sitting down with justice Sonia sotomayor, over there, at the library of congress. They wouldnt let me film in there. Im not entirely sure why. But, thats nice, too. Justice, thank you so much for talking to me today. Its so wonderful to see you again, Stephen. Stephen: Whats been going on in the supreme court lately? I havent heard much. Anything... anything exciting happening? Just read the newspapers. Stephen: But whats the hot gossip? Whos a diva over there? We all are. ( Laughter ). Stephen: Congratulations on not one but two new books. Got them here. "Whose boat is this boat?." Im sorry... That ones not mine. Stephen: Thats not... no, this is mine. Im sorry. I apologize. Can we... "Whose boat..." I dont know why we have two copies of this. I apologize. Sorry. Stephen: "Turning pages." Thats mine. Stephen: What I like about this is not only is it the name of your book, but it also... its an instruction on how to read a book. Well, its for kids four to eight years old, so that helps, doesnt it? Stephen: I havent had a chance to read the book yet, but... Stephen, it will take you ten minutes. Stephen: Lets go through it. Okay. Stephen: Its got fantastic pictures. What message do you want kids to get from this book? Well, my success in life has happened because of words and books. Reading is what changed the circumstances of my life around and let me become a supreme court justice. And that is what the message of this book is. Stephen: Now this is a fairly unrealistic drawing. Yes. Stephen: I believe you can fly. I dont. Stephen: They must give you some sort of superpowers when you become a member of the supreme court. Not really. Stephen: We dont know anything you folks do in there. Its all closed off. Theres no cameras. You can come visit. Stephen: Its like a temple in there. You can come visit the supreme court any time you want. Stephen: And can we see what you guys are doing back in the chambers? Well, no. Stephen: We dont know whats going on. Its a secret society. I dont know what youre doing in your office. Stephen: Oh, you can come anytime you want. But you can come, and if I want to see you. Stephen: Sure. No, you can go to stephencolbert. Org, and im live-streaming my office at all times. Is that true? Stephen: Hey, Jimmy, lets cut to the live-stream right now. Hold on. ♪ You spin me right round, baby, right round, ♪ like a record baby Stephen: All right. Have you ever committed a crime? Ooooh. Stephen: Steal a candy bar or anything as a child? No. Stephen: No? But I did take a quarter from a telephone... a public telephone... Stephen: What? In my life, yeah. Stephen: A public telephone? Uh-huh. Stephen: Thats interstate commerce, because thats long- distance calls on those. I know. Thankfully... Stephen: Thats a federal crime. You know, its only a quarter, but little things lead to big things. Thats exactly right. Stephen: Thats a gateway crime. Thankfully, the statute of limitations has passed. Stephen: Hold on one second. Lets get a lawyer on that, please. Probably most citizens at some point in their life who drive have gone over the speed limit. Stephen: I have not. Thats a crime, too. Stephen: I have never. Youve never gone... Stephen? Stephen: Ive never gone... Youre catholic, arent you? Yes, im a catholic. Dominus vobiscum. Uh-huh, and you know youre not supposed to lie. Stephen: I... I do. I... I know im not supposed to lie. Tell me that youve never gone over the speed limit. Stephen: I would like to invoke my fifth amendment right against self-incrimination. ( Laughter ) Now, you have another book. You have another book... I have. Stephen:... for slightly older children. Middle school children. Stephen: Its called "the beloved world of Sonia sotomayor." Its a nice title. Could I improve it slightly for you? Go ahead. Stephen: "The world of the beloved Sonia sotomayor." Oh, thats very sweet of you, Stephen. Stephen: You seem nice. Im sorry you have to live in Washington. You write that when you were a child, you used books to escape sadness. Uh-huh. Stephen: What do you use to escape sadness as an adult? I love playing poker, so I play... Stephen: Really? Poker with friends. Stephen: And do you ever play for just, like, small stakes, or anything like that? Just a little family... Pretty much almost always small stakes. Stephen: Small stakes. Its still illegal to gamble for small stakes, just... No, because I provide... Stephen: Its not illegal in D.C.? I provide the food. The players around my table are just paying for their own food. Stephen: That is legalese if I ever heard it. Come on, thats never going to hold up in a court. Why not? Stephen: Get a lawyer in here. Why not? Stephen: Youre... youre running... youre running a gambling den. Absolutely not. Stephen: How do we know that youre in charge? ID like to see some receipts, please. Oh, thats easy for me to give you. Stephen: Okay, stealing quarters to feed your gambling problem. All right, okay. You spend a lot of your day making big calls, all right? Theres no bigger calls than deciding what the constitution will allow. ID like you to use your judicial acumen right now to make some very quick, very small calls. Okay. Stephen: Justice sotomayor, do all dogs go to heaven? Yes. Stephen: Is it okay to talk a penny if you never leave a penny? No. Stephen: Is it ever okay to microwave fish? No. Stephen: If theres something strange in your neighborhood, who you gonna call? If theres something strange in my neighborhood... Stephen: Neighborhood. If you mean "strange" by dangerous for myself or others, I would call... Stephen: Possibly. The police. Stephen: Possibly, but what if it was spooky? What if it was something spooky or otherworldly? Something strange in your neighborhood. Who you gonna call? That didnt pose me an... pose any danger to me. Stephen: It could pose a danger to you if... Then I still might call the police. Stephen: Okay, what if the police couldnt handle this particular danger? Perhaps if it was an ethereal or spiritual danger? Perhaps there were... Ahhh. Stephen: Ghosts. Who... who you gonna call? Oh, thats a fascinating question. Stephen: All of mine are. And the... and most of them are... Who would I call? Stephen: Who would you call? ID go get the police for sure. Stephen: Judges? Oh, youre the judge. Im sorry. We already have a ruling from one of your colleagues, Ruth bader ginsburg, on this, perhaps one of the most divisive issues in America today. But I want to pose it to you to see if we have a concurrence. Justice sotomayor, is a hot dog a sandwich? This is not fair, cause I watched her interview with you. And she asked... Stephen: Well, I mean, surely you see other peoples oral arguments. Perhaps... perhaps you can render your own judgments. Or are you so influenced by Ruth bader ginsburg that you cant have your own opinion, madame justice, as no one calls you? Well, I can approach the problem in a different way than she did. Stephen: All right. All right, my definition of sandwich is something between two parts of a bread, or two slices of a bread. And under that definition, a hot dog can be, because whether the breads are tied together or not is irrelevant. So I would answer yes, under those... under that definition. Stephen: So youre willing to say hot dog is a sandwich. And, by the way, I love hot dogs. Stephen: Justice, thank you so much for talking to me today. Cheers. Salud. ( Applause ) Stephen: Room temperature. ( Laughter ) Stephen: Both her books are available now. Thank you, justice sotomayor! Well be right back with timothee chalamet! ( Band playing ) ( cheers and applause ) Stephen: Hey, everybody, welcome back to the show. Folks, my first guest is an Oscar-nominated actor you know from "call me by your name" and "lady bird." His new film is "beautiful boy." Please welcome, timothee chalamet! ♪ ♪ ( applause ) Stephen: Please! Please! Maestro chalamet, please have a seat. Nice to meet you. Thank you for having me. Stephen: Last year was an enormous year for you. Thank you. "Call me by your name," "lady bird," two beautiful films, two beautiful performances. Do... I assume that people stop on the street and tell you how much they like your work. Yes. Sometimes, sometimes. Stephen: Can you... can you tell when a fan is coming towards you whether its going to be for one of those movies or the other? Yes, I can. Stephen: Whats the... Whats the tell? Whats the tell? I dont know. Stephen: Lets say someone from "call me by your name" is coming? Well, it will be much purer, like, its much more... I dont know. Theres no... if its for "lady bird," sometimes people will be like theres that douchebag... Ill get that vibe. Stephen: Your character is a douchebag. Hes. Hes figuring it out. Its a difficult life. Stephen: Hes not particularly nice to lady bird in the meantime. No, hes not. And thats not a good thing so I can kind of Gauge off that, sure. Stephen: And "call me by your name," what do you get? Ill bet, like, peaches or like... Stephen: Really? Because we had army hammer on when he said people give him a lot of peaches. You get that, too? I get that. Thats part of the deal. I would hope that would be for a long time. I would rather that than no career, yeah. Stephen: Whats the weirdest fan encounter you have ever had? It would be before those movies. Does that count? Stephen: Sure, its your life. I wasnt, like, really getting stopped for anything, and I was on this TV show "homeland" and somebody came up on the street and said, "I really hope the there are new sh of your feet this season." Stephen: Wait, what were your feet in? They werent in it. I dont know, thats a thing... Its a thing. ( Laughter ). Stephen: People wanting to see your feet. I dont know about me, particularly. I think... Stephen: Youre the only one in the story, timothee chalamet. ( Laughter ). No judgment, no judgment. Like, theyre... yeah. Stephen: I see it. You grew up not far from here, I understand. I grew up, like, 10 blocks... I grew up, like, 15 blocks from here. Stephen: Did you like being a city kid? I loved being a city kid. I got the Yankees on me feet right now. They dont neat nooed my help. They dont need my plug. Stephen: Were they kind of free range? Were your parents like go out and play in traffic. Yeah, absolutely, absolutely... well, no, I wasnt playing in traffic. But I lost a job in this building, actually. I had an audition in this building. Stephen: The ed Sullivan theater. There was an old letterman producer can I say that? Stephen: Yeah, sure. His name... anyway, he was casting a movie here. Stephen: You dont want to say his name? He didnt give me the job. Stephen: Throw him under the bus. His name was Rob Burnett, and he was a producer on the letterman show. And he was putting taight movie here called "the revised fundamentals of caregiving," and I... I didnt get it. And thats the story. ( Laughter ). Stephen: Yeah, I you know who is in this building right now? Yes. Stephen: You! Yes. Yay! ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: I think Rob may be, too. I think Rob might still... he still has an office here. Rob has a bigger office. Stephen: On the ninth floor. Oh, really gr yeah, hes heading down right now. Coming to literally kill me. Stephen: Well, the new movie is called "beautiful boy. Yup. Stephen: And its based on a true story. Whats the story? Well, its called "beautiful boy," its based on two memoirs, one is called "beautiful boy," and one is called "tweak." And its the name of father and son, and how they dealt with nics methamphetamine addiction, and I know its not the lifetime subject but I want to thank you for having me on here to talk about it. There are a lot of movies out here right now, commercial fanfare movies that arent, whatever, and maybe lift you up a bit more. And this is something people going through right now, people my age, tragically. And its called "beautiful boy." Stephen: And you... and youre doing this movie... ( Applause ) Its an important story to tell because so many families deal with addiction. Yes. Stephen: So many families... ing loving families... This is not particularly an extraordinary or out-of-the ordinary story. This is all too common. No, and I hope that... I think thats what we were hoping for, and not in the name of being general at all, but in trying to be relatable. You know, you see a family where maybe its not obvious that addiction could fracture it, and thats, ultimately, I think the learning grace of the movie. And im sure people in here or at home have experienced this, know this, addiction doesnt have a face. It can affect anyone. And its easier to think, "oh, that happens to something im night part of, " or " people who go through things I dont go through." A lot of people are going through this right now, and the first step forward is to be able to address this openly, and how unfin tes male this movie can help or me being here... ( Applause ). Stephen: Well, the story is... its all... its also, to a large draerk the story of your father and his attempt to try to help you, played by my old friend Steve carell. Yes. Stephen: What was it like for to you work with Steve? Man, what a dream to work with Steve. I was so grateful, almost just haphazardly I googled Steve carell, and Stephen Colbert, and if you Google images, it seems like you guys are in love. Stephen: A little bit. I worked with Steve, I dont know, 20 years or something like that. Second city. Stephen: We had the locker, the cubby holes next to each other on second city. And you got him his first job there, right? Stephen: No, I got him tired at "the daily show." Okay, yes, yes. Stephen: I got him hired at "the daily show." We were at second city, at the "daney carvey show." You came up together. Stephen: Yes and you had some incredible sketches I havent seen. I encourage everyone to go... Theyre like surreal videos of them online. And theres a video of you giews at a comedy conference, and you start singing the national anthem for some reason, and Steve jumps in and this really surreal thing starts to happen in the room where people start to rise and put their hands on their hearts. Itis beautiful and amaze ago. Stephen: Its beautiful, and also extremely uncomfortable to do that in the middle of a comedy conference. People go, "I guess we have to do this." Thats what happened in the video. Stephen: Exactly. And there was another one where you are play waiters... Stephen: Who are nauseated by food. Did you spend time with him off camera? I saw... whats going on here? This is you... this is Steve taking a picture of you. And is that husband daughter? Thats from a couple of weeks ago. I love that picture because you get a great impression of, like, the dad vibe Steve emits there. Hes like a parent, contorting his body for some reason. Stephen: Besides being a great actor Steve is, like, both... hes kind of like, he so talented and aging extremely well, hes kind of sexy, but hes super dorky dad at the same time. He is. But hes this... im always trying to tell him hes like an icon. And he said he visited a college campus with his kid and he said, "I was so surprised people were running up to me like Steve, youre like a sex icon." No, but... but...  ( laughter ) No, seriously. Theyre, like... im sure people... like, there are the meme online. Theres... theyll have... anyway. I dont... I dont...  ( laughter ) Im not saying anything new. Stephen: There are some memes about you online, too. Okay, all right, all right. Stephen: I dont know if youre old enough to look at them yet. Yes, yes, yes. Stephen: We have a clip here. Can you tell us whats happening? Its you on the phone. Yes, so this is a scene between David and nic, this would be in the book, "beautiful boy," as well. And nic has had a number of relapses at this point in the movie, and hes calling his father, and hes trying to tell... you know, convince husband father to let him come home, and that hell be... that hell be on good behavior. Stephen: Jim? Hi, dad, its me. Nic? Yeah. Please, dad. I know I did wrong. I want to stop. Please, please, please, please, please no rehab, all right? Just let me come home. ( Applause ) Stephen: The... the film looks expwiewfl human and heartbreaking. And I just want to touch on one other film that youve got coming up. Yes. Stephen: I know you cant tell me anything. Is it true youve been cast as Paul trades in the new "doom?" Yes. Stephen: What is fear? Do you know what fear is? Fear is the mind killer. Good luck. Thank you. ( Laughter ) So nice to meet you. Thank you for having me. Stephen: "Beautiful boy" is in theaters now. Timothee chalamet, everybody! Well be right back. Stephen: Welcome back, everybody. Folks, my next guest is a Canadian comedian making his network television debut. Please welcome, Graham Kay! ♪ ♪ ( applause ). Hi. Hi. Hi. Yes, yes, hello. Hi. Thank you. Very nice. ( Applause ) ( cheers ) I know. Yup, yup. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Good. ( Laughter ) Im. Im.>>... im doing better... im doing better now. I used to live in a 250-square-foot apartment. 250 square feet! And if you dont understand how to calculate square footage... You know, because I didnt when I read the ad... ( Laughter ) My... my microwave was my bedroom clock. ( Laughter ) Every night bifer went to bed, I just set the alarm for eight hours. On potato. ( Laughter ) Get the best sleep on potato. Doing better, though, im doing better. I got big personal news. Thats why im here. I want to talk about big personal news. I want to share it. I recently just moved in with my girlfriend! ( Cheers and applause ) Thank you, yes, yes. And... and she more recently moved out. ( Laughter ) No, no, thats how you get your own apartment, fell as. Its a life talk. You talk about a life hack, how to get your very own apartment that you cant afford in new York. Shes gone. Oh, boy. And I cant afford the apartment myself, so what I have been doing is airbnbing out the bedroom, and then I live in the living room like a man. Air bnb, what an amazing app. Isnt it an amazing yap? Because who wouldnt want to go on vacation and stay with a sad guy? Fly all the way from Europe to live with a broken man! Thats fun for them, yeah. If you dont know what air bnb is, what it is, it is uber pool for your mattress. Yeah, yeah. And I am a germ-a-phob. I should not be okay with this. Before my breakup, "hey, Graham, how much for complete strangers to come into your home and then have sex on your mattress? How much for that service?" I would be like, "oh, thats disgusting. Like the price of 100 mattresses." And now after my breakup, im like "$42." ( Laughter ) $40! $39! Please! So what I do when I wake up in my own bed, and I know im going to have a guest that night... Theyre my guest... what I do is I... I flip the mattress to the sex side... ( Laughter ) Yes, yes, the dirty little shute sex side. And when its my turn I flip it back to the cry side. Thats my side. Sex side-cry side system. Thank you. Very smart. Ooum a scientist, very bright young man. I dont want you to think im some sort of a loser, you know. Im doing better in my career. I decided to treat myself. Im like maybe ill buy my first-ever tailored suit. I tried to buy one. It did not work out. I did not know this but if you are a man the tailor will ask you when whichway do you lie? Which way do you lie? Now, I did not know what he was asking me. ( Laughter ) Apparently, he was asking me which way my penis hangs. To the right or to the left? ( Laughter ) Now, even if I did know what he was asking me, I dont know the answer by heart. - ( Laughter ) ( - Applause ) Is that something im supposed to be keeping tabs on this whole time? Like, every morning, before I leave the house, im like, "left! Hard left today! ( Laughter ) Im ready for all questions!" ( Laughter ) If youre wonder yg hes asking, its so he can leave in some extra room on that side. Give it some room! Give it some room! Give it some room! Which I hate to admit, very presumptionuous. ( Laughter ) Its always fit in there snug as a bug in a rug. Always just been a good amount of room, never been a concern, you know. In my own defense, who are these guys who are going pants shopping? Theyre like, "hope me penis fits in there. ( Laughter ) ( cheers and applause ) Thank you. Yeah. So this guy, hes like, "which way do you lie? Which way do you lie?" I didnt know what he was asking me. I thought he was asking something else more personal about me! Hes like, "which way do you lie?" Im like, "im straight." ( Laughter ) Hes like, "straight?" ( Laughter ) I was like, "straight as an arrow." You bet. Hes like, "thats weird." Im like, "I dont think it is." ( Laughter ) Then I got pants back a couple of days later... ( Laughter ) There was a big empty floppy sock in the middle. I was like what the hell is this? I have to put loose change in there to hold it down on windy days! So didnt buy eye didnt buy the suit. My name is Graham Kay. Thank you very much, bye. Stephen: His album "girlfriend material" comes out ( Applause ) Stephen: Oh, hey! Welcome back, everybody! Well, folks, the weeks just about over, and it was a week well never forget. Well spend the weekend trying. Until then, enjoy the best of this weeks "late show"." The president was in Paris this weekend for the 100th anniversary of the armistice day and was scheduled to pay his respects at a U.S. military cemetery. These soldiers fought tirelessly through brutal conditions. So, of course, Trump canceled his trip to the cemetery due to rain. Well, you cant blame him... hes only got one umbrella, and he couldnt figure out how to bring it on the plane. ( Laughter ) >> I feel good. Its always great to come here because of the-of this place. Stephen: Yeah and... And you! And you, too. ( Laughter ) Mainly you. Stephen: Do you know why I like talking to you? You remind me of someone else. ( Laughter ). Stephen: Do you think about death a lot? No, I dont care about it. Stephen: You dont care about dying? No... well, I dont care about being dead, because I wont know about it. Stephen: You dont know. That is the best thing about being dead... you dont know about it. Its like being stupid. Its only painful for others. So I dont... Stephen: What do you make of a photograph like this? I mean, can you believe this? Did you see this? It was the one time you saw the president smile. It was almost pavlovian. I mean... this is... this is Vladimir putin. Macron, Angela merkel, and this is, I think, the one smile we saw from the president. Stephen: Uh. ♪ My boyfriends back "make France great again." I suspect Donald trumps going to have a new look at his next rally! ( Laughter ) ( applause ) "Look, ah-ah-ah." "They try to shame everybody by calling them racist or calling them something, anything they can think of, when you say you want voter I.D. But voter I.D. Is a very important thing. If you buy a box of cereal, you have a voter I.D. So the president of the united states thinks you need voter I.d. To buy a box of cereal. He must be referring to the many popular "adults only" cereals that require I.D., like "porn flakes, turning trix, and grape-nuts." ( Laughter ) ( applause ) ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Well be right back. ♪ ♪ ( applause ) Stephen: Thats it for "the late show," everybody. Watch "the late show" next week when ill be joined by Millie Bobby brown, Paul Simon, and Michael Douglas. Good night! - (Cheers and applause - ) (Band playing - ) - (band playing - ) ♪ ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 