The Late Show with Stephen Colbert: Season 1, Episode 14 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Late Show with Stephen Colbert 
 s1e14 - Malala Yousafzai/Kerry Washington/The Arcs - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Late Show with Stephen Colbert (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 14 - Malala Yousafzai/Kerry Washington/The Arcs - full transcript 
 Nobel Prize Laureate Malala Yousafzai (He Named Me Malala (2015)); Kerry Washington (Scandal (2012)). Also: The Arcs perform. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Captioning sponsored by CBS the White House has reportedly create aid new strategy of policy time to get President Trump to focus on work. Policy time was instituted by chief of staff John Kelly in an effort to get the president to zero if on policy issues ♪ policy time put down your phone ♪ these are things your brain should no with Kelly the dog and pump the president we know youd rather golf ♪ policy time listen up, President Trump, NATO or the north Atlantic treaty organization was created after world war ii to prevent intercontinental war from ever 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 happening again. ( Clears throat ) NATO has kept peace for almost 70 years between European countries by making them allies. And theyre our allies. Allies means friends. And friends are good! Aaaarrgghhhhad! Its "the late show with Stephen Colbert." Tonight, post-midterm melt down. Plus, Stephen welcomes Ricky gervais bianna golodryga and chef Flynn mcgarry. Featuring Jon batiste and stay human. And now, live on tape from the ed Sullivan theater in New York city, its Stephen Colbert! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ( Cheers and applause ) Stephen: Wooo! How are you? Nice, nice, nice, nice. Please, sit down, everybody! Up there! Down here! Welcome to "the late show," ladies and gentlemen. Im your host, Stephen Colbert. ( Cheers and applause ) I dont know why youre excited, but that blue wave keeps crashing on the beach. In the last 24 hours, two tight house races have been called for democrats, one in California and one in New Jersey. ( Cheers and applause ) Jon: They call them. Stephen: You enjoy that? I enjoyed that. You know whos not enjoying last Tuesdays election? The guy who lost, Donald Trump. Sources say stung by the midterms and nervous about Mueller, Trump has retreated into a cocoon of bitterness and resentment. Yes, Trump is ending his larval stage and in a few weeks will emerge as a hideous race-baiting butterfly. ( Laughter ) One... one aide says the president is consumed by "trying to decide who to blame" for Republicans election losses. Really? Does he not own a mirror? - ( Laughter ) ( - As Trump ) "You did it, mirror man. Stop copying everything I say and do, okay." With Trump lashing out in every direction, its no wonder that "most staffers are trying to avoid him." Yes, theyre all holed up in the one place hell never go: A salad bar. ( Laughter ) But this is all par for the course. As one official who used to work in the White House put it, "the Trump administration has been so consistently off the rails that days like today just blend into everything else." Ah, just one of those typical days where each moment of hollow malice blends into the next, when the future and past narrow into a speck of dim rage racing forever into the vacuum of the presidents mangled, unquenchable ego. Mondays, am I right? ( Cheers and applause ) And its not just the election. The president caught a lot of flack for bailing on the wreath-laying ceremony in France on Saturday. And "Trump told aides he thought he looked terrible and blamed his chief of staffs office for not counseling him that skipping the cemetery visit would be a public relations nightmare." ( Laughter ) ( as Trump ) "Look, why didnt you tell me that not honoring fallen soldiers on veterans day would make me look bad? Now, if youll excuse me, im going to stick my tongue in that light socket. Nobody talk till ive done it." Trumps also getting criticized for his latest hire: Acting Attorney General and roid-rage Lima bean... ( Laughter ) Matt Whitaker. Were learning some interesting stuff about whitakers past. For instance, his 2014 run for the g.O.P. Senate nomination in Iowa. Now, he lost, but while campaigning, heres what he said was criteria for his judges: ID like to see things like their worldview, what informs them. How have they lived their life? Are they people of faith? Do they have a biblical view of justice? Which I think is very important because we all know that our government... Levitical or new testament? ( Laughter ) Im a new testament, and what I know is... is, as long as they have that worldview, that theyll be a good judge. Stephen: In the opinion of the present Attorney General of the United States, if youre not a Christian, you wont be a good judge. But its right there in the constitution: ( Laughter ) Now, I want to warn... ( Cheers and applause ) Constitution lovers. Jon: Constitution fans right there in the house. Stephen: I want to warn our viewers that have allergies that this next headline is nuts. Because today we learned that the acting Attorney General of these United States, Matthew Whitaker, is steeped in time travel and bigfoot. Now, before we go any further, I just want to say that theres serious debate over whether whitakers appointment is unconstitutional and might obstruct justice. But, tonight, daddy dont give a damn. I want to talk about time- traveling big foot man! Heres the deal... this is true... Whitaker was a paid advisor and hot-tub pitchman for a company called world patent marketing. Well, in 2013, whitakers company claimed to have "d.N.A. Evidence proving that bigfoot exists." Now, quick aside: I worked for "the daily show" way back in the day, before Craig kilbourn. I interviewed a lot bigfoot enthusiasts in my day. For instance once I interviewed a guy who said bigfoot was in dangers and we had to have breeding pairs to breed them in activity to save the species. Another time I interviewed a guy who said there were too many bigfoot. They were overpopulating and bee had to cull the herds to save the species. Fun fact: I interviewed those guys on the same day, and either one of them would make a better Attorney General than Matt Whitaker because...  ( cheers and applause ) Because I know they both believed it. Whitaker might have just been cashing a check to push this bull, because he was on the paid advisory board of this company that was so all-in on bigfoot, they had a web site selling bigfoot paraphernalia and planned a celebrity event called "you have been squatched!" But Whitaker wasnt just working for bigfoot hucksters. They were also selling a time travel, which they said could be "possible, perhaps within the next decade," suggesting users might "relive moments from your past" or "visit your future." It is possible. It is possible. Lets visit the future together. Here we go. ( Laughter ) ( applause ) And here we are. ( Cheers ) Wow! Wow! I didnt see me hosting this show. Now, you might wonder, how could anyone fall for such an odorous pile of bigfoot poop? Well, theres a video which has a lot of text in it that they used to sell the idea of time travel. Im going to read the text out loud for you as we show it. Jim: What if... Time travel wasnt just an idea but a reality? What would you do? Which way would you go? Would you relive moments from your past... or visit your douchebag future? Step into the fourth dimension. Wall street said we couldnt do it." Also, science street, engineering street, physics street, and the federal trade commission, because... because, again, whitakers company was shut down for defrauding investors out of $26 million. So, this has all been fun, right? Bigfoot, time travel. Fraud. You cant ask for more. And yet, the Matt Whitaker giveth because I invite you now to join me in viewing the best product the new Attorney General of the United States ever helped sell the world: The extra-deep "masculine toilet" for the well-endowed. ( Laughter ) Lord, I dont know what I did to deserve Matthew Whitaker, but I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart and from the bottom of my I now see feminine toilet. The idea behind this actual patent application supported by the Attorney General of the United States is that well-endowed men would dip a, lets say, toe in the water of a regular toilet. And heres the actual patent application drawing, showing that on the manly throne, the distance between the rim and the water is at least 12 inches. Now, to the men out there: If you need this toilet, youre not "extra masculine." You are in need of medical attention. Either that, or... Youre bigfoot! And this whole thing... this whole thing was just a clever plan to lure sasquatch out of the woods with the promise of a toilet that could finally accommodate his mighty sequoia. ( Laughter ) Youve been squatched! ( Cheers and applause ) All true. All true. Not make any of this up. I also want to point out that whenever I try to Google hints for the new "Zelda" game at work, I get blocked by the CBS firewall. But this morning, and this is true, the writers working on this script googled "worlds longest penis"... no problem. Also, congratulations to Jonah falcon of Brooklyn, New York. Contact the Attorney General about a toilet that might be right for you. Heres their description of, again, the masculine toilet. "The average male genitalia is between five and six inches. However, this invention is designed for those of us who measure longer than that." Did you catch that? "Those of us?" Oh, oh, did I let the cat out of the bag? By the way, its the size of a cat. ( Laughter ) You dont want to hear about the bag! Now, I know what youre thinking. Youre thinking this is great news for my penis, but does the Attorney General of the united states, Matt Whitaker, have anything for my testicles? Dont worry. World patent marketing also had a product called snowballs, cooling underwear designed to maximize fertility by lowering the temperature of your testicles and help you optimize the production of natural testosterone. Yes, snowballs make you more fertile, assuming you can find a woman willing to have sex with your ice-cold junk. ( Laughter ) ( applause ) ♪ Frosty the snowman so, how does a flim-flam man like Matt Whitaker become the top law enforcement officer of the United States? Well, obviously, the same way you sell time travel... with a video. What if? Not only did the Mueller investigation end, what if Robert Mueller was never born? Also, maybe dont have Eric? Wall street said we couldnt do it. So did Albert Einstein. Way to go, Einstein. Create your own future time travel. Bigfoot. Extra-masculine toilets. Can bigfoot stop Robert Mueller on a time-travelling, extra- masculine toilet? If you think this is a fantasy, you have some sick fantasies. Step into the 12-inch dimension. Matt Whitaker for attorney general... Of the future. We have the technology. Technology powered by Jesus." ( Title flushing ) ( cheers and applause ) Weve got a great show for you tonight. Ricky gervais is here. But when we return, Trump is about to do something weird. Stick around. ( Band playing ) ( cheers and applause ) Stephen: Hey, everybody, welcome back! Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the show, everybody. You know, what is this Wednesday? On Friday, Trump is awarding the presidential medals of freedom. Its the highest honor a civilian can receive from the president. Except, of course, never being photographed in the same room with him. The thing is, its a really weird chex mix of recipients, including n.F.L. Hall of famers Roger staubach and Allan page. Also, Miriam adelson, wife of billionaire republican donor Sheldon adelson; Senator orrin hatch; The late supreme court justice antonin scalia; Babe Ruth; And Elvis. Thats a crazy list of people ( laughter ) The only thing they all have in common is none of them know what orrin hatch did to get the presidential medal of freedom. These presidential medals of freedom are kind of like the roses on "the bachelor" in that its not normal to give them to this many dead people. And, yet, Elvis is being honored for defining American culture to billions of adoring fans around the world. Or maybe the president has secret files that Elvis is still alive, and hes just doing this to flush him out. That would explain why he left the medal under a box propped up by a stick. ( Laughter ) Youve been squatched! So, what were the criteria for putting together such a random grouping of people? Well, its completely at the presidents discretion and... Wait, im being told trumps just added more recipients, including kid rock, tan mom, guy fieri, Ronald McDonald, those fat motorcycle twins, a porn star who didnt talk, and a bucket of chicken. ( Laughter ) ( as Trump ) "Bucket of chicken, bucket... Bucket of chicken, today we honor your service to the colonel. In a divided nation, you brought together white and dark meat in an extra-value meal of brotherhood. You truly were extra crispy." Well be right back with Ricky gervais. ( Band playing ) ( cheers and applause ) Stephen: Hey, everybody, welcome back to the show already in progress. Folks, my first guest is an Emmy award-winning comedian who created "the office" and "extras." You can hear him every week on Sirius radio. Please welcome back to "the late show," Ricky gervais. ♪ ♪ ( applause ) ♪ ♪ ( applause ) ( Cheers and applause ) >> Wow. Look at this. Stephen: Lovely. Yeah. ( Cheers and applause ) Thats... thats amazing. Thats amazing. Thank you. Thats... thats... Stephen: Delightful. Dont edit that at all. Stephen: Oh, no. Thats... thats the nicest welcome ive ever had. ( Cheers and applause ) Thats... thank you. Stephen: Welcome back. Thank you. Stephen: We have not seen you in a while. Whats kept you away? What have you been doing? Getting fatter and older? ( Laughter ). Stephen: Hows the health? How are you doing? Well, its just slightly worse every time, isnt it? Thats what its like now. Im closer... closer to death. ( Laughter ) Every day. Stephen: Keep it light. Keep it light. Keep it light. Do you think about death a lot? No, I dont care about it at all. Stephen: You dont care about dying! No, I dont care about being dead because I wont know about it gr you dont know... That is best thing about deeg deadue dont know about it. Its like being stupid... its only painful for others. So I dont... Stephen: I guess so. I guess so. Ill buy that. Maybe. Stephen: Yeah, maybe. We dont know. Stephen: You dont know. Are you... I might know. You dont know. Stephen: If you were dying. Yeah. Stephen: Would you tell people, like, some people who are dying tell people. And others just sort of... some people, quite famously tell no one, and the next moment theyre gone. Would you tell people? I dont know. That is my... that is my worst fear knowing when im going to die. I dont care about dying... well, depending on how you die. I dont want to... Stephen: Fall face-first into a wood chipper or anything like that. Yeah, exactly. Or land on a spike. It just comes... ( Laughter ) Stephen: Whats this? What... are you jazz hands? ( Laughter ) Big finish! Year, the show must go on! Yeah! No, no. I dont know. But just knowing, you know... I dont... Stephen: I wouldnt... Ive told all my family individually, secretly, ive told them that im going to leave them all my money. ( Laughter ) Stephen: Each of them. Each of them year, individually, but to keep it quiet until the funeral, and then im not going to do a will. Its going to be a (bleep) Bloodbath. Stephen: You can say that, right? You can say that. That will be fine. ( Laughter ) Would you... would you describe your outlook towards death as stoic? I just think theres no choice. I cant... you cant think about it. We are going to die. Were all going to die. Stephen: Is that a British outlook, particularly British. I dont think so, I dont think so. I think most people in britain... I dont want to die! I... I love living! Its brilliant! Its the best thing ever. Right? ( Laughter ). Stephen: Yeah. Something instead of nothing is definitely better. Exactly. But I mean... and I think people on Twitter they know im an atheist and they say things like, "what was it like after you die?" And I said, "what was like the 13.5 billion years before you were born? I think its like that." I think its like tourists. We didnt exist for 13.5 billion years, then we have 80, 90 years, if were licky and we go back to never existing again so you have to make the most of it. Its amaze, life. Its brilliant. Theres so much to live for. ( Cheers and applause ). Stephen: I like the before we were here the same as after were here. Oh, thats interesting. So you say youre an atheist. Still an atheist? Has that softened in any way, your 80ism. I only believe in three or four god. No. Stephen: As you approach your final boards as they say, you dont say, may maybe ill hedge my bets and light a candle." Just in case. Like pascalls wager. People say, "why dont you pray just in case theres a god." And I say, "why dont you hang garlic over your door in case theres a Dracula." I have no problem with praying ... Stephen: If 95% of people in America believed there was a Dracula, I might hang a garlic on my door. Its not... its not the same. Exactly. It has nothing to do with the credibility of the truth. Has to do with the plafort idea. Stephen: Right, because the majority is always sane. Well, exactly, yeah. ( Applause ). Stephen: Thats the herd instinct. Imagine if you were the only person in the world to believe in god, it would be odd, wouldnt it? Stephen: Well, I would be committed. I would be committed to an insane asylum. And thats you saying, that not me. You do believe in god. Stephen: I do believe in god, yeah. Exactly. Exactly that. Its... and there are so many different god to believe in. Stephen: Yeah. ( Laughter ) If you had to... how about this... If you had to pick a god... ( Laughter ) If you had to pick a god, and has to be one that people worship. You cant say Stan Lee. If you had to pick a god, who would you pick? Thorpe. ( Applause ) Stephen: I said you cant pick Stan Lee. So why Thor? Big hammer. Stephen: Is there any part of the Jesus story that you like? I love Jesus. I thought it was great. I grew up, I was Christian until I was about eight. Stephen: Eight. Yeah. Stephen: Thats pretty early to toss out the baby Jesus with the bath water. What... what... what turned you around there, kid? I remember I was doing Bible studies and my brother came in, he was older than me, he was about 11 years older than me, and he said, "why do you believe in god?" And my mom went, "Bob." And I knew she was stopping him telling me something. And I thought about it, and within about an hour, thats how it worked out. ( Laughter ). Stephen: Thats... oh, okay. All right. Thats interesting. Yeah. Stephen: Yeah. No, I... I like the idea of it. I love the idea of them, you know, Jesus... Stephen: You like sermon on the mount. I like Jesus, not because he was half-god or whitewater? Stephen: Half god. Well, I dont know, do I? I dont know. What was he, all god, wasnt he. Stephen: God from god, light from light. Its just a... its just a parlor trick. Its just a parlor trick. Its a crowd pleaser. I do the nicean creed to warm up the audience every night. Well do confession of faith and everything. I like the idea of it. I like the fact he was a kind person and all that. But as Gandhi said, you know, "I like your Christ. I do not like your christians. They are so unlike your Christ." And I think the problem is... do you know what I mean, though? Stephen: Sure. Im a Christian. Im totally un-chist like. There are good and bad christians, and there are good and bad atheists. And I think god has nothing to do with whether you are good or not. Stephen: If god doesnt give you comfort, what does? Dogs. ( Cheers and applause ). Stephen: Thats lovely. Yeah. Stephen: I... I believe... I believe in dogs. Stephen: Its god spelled backwards. Dogs are amazing. Dogs are amaze ago yeah, exactly. Stephen: They are, that unconditional love. Yeah. Same as... same as your guy. Stephen: Right, right, yeah. ( Laughter ) But if you dont love dog back, it doesnt burn you in hell. It still loves you. It licks you. Stephen: It might be upset if it can tell you dont love it. It might just be sad. A dog... a dog loves you more than it loves itself. Stephen: Yeah. And thats why I worship dogs. ( Laughter ) ( cheers and applause ) Stephen: You have a new... You have a new... you have a new... new? Is it new the Sirius show? No, its been going for a while. Its me chatting to... it started off with the highfalutin ideas when talking to Richard do, in and the astronomers and its me and my mates. Stephen: Its called "deadly Sirius." Yes, and its me and a bunch of comedians talking about the big issues: Why are we here? Whats the point? Stephen: You talk with people you enjoy talking with, comed expansion all that. Yes, its funny. Stephen: You have never invited me on. Youre welcome. Next time... you are very often. Stephen: How often do you do it? I do about 30, 40 a year, so next time... Stephen: And where do you do it? I do it in London and new York... Stephen: I cant do it. I can travel. I can do it in New York. Stephen: I would love it come on. Well have an hour debate about the meaning of life and why were here. Stephen: Okay, that would be great. And whats going to happen. Stephen: Because we can only do 10 minutes here, unfortunately. And thats going to be cut. Stephen: Yeah, were definitely taking out the part where they cheer for you. ( Laughter ) Good to see you. His Sirius radio show is called "deadly Sirius." Ricky gervais, everybody! Well be right back with the new host of "CBS this morning," bianna golodryga. ♪ ♪ Stephen: Hey, everybody, welcome back to "the late show." Folks, my next guest is an accomplished journalist who recently became a co-host of "CBS this morning." Please welcome to "the late show," bianna golodryga. ♪ ♪ ( Applause ) Hi! This is exciting. Thanks for having me. Stephen: Welcome, welcome to "the late show." Wow! Ive made it in life. Stephen: Well see. Well see. Well see how it goes. Stephen: Congratulations on being named new cohoist of "CBS this morning." Thank you. - >> Stephen: Whats that... ( - Applause ). Thank you. Im... im biased, but I think its the best morning show on television. Stephen: I would say... I would say the same or else theyd shoot a dart into my neck. But I happen to believe it. I watch it every morning. I see you every morning from 7:00 to 7:20. Where was John dickerson this morning? John dickerson had the day off. The first day I think hes taken off in 150 days. Stephen: Hes such a diva. Hes such a human. Stephen: He is, exactly. The hair and makeup time that that man requires. Its unbelievable! Stephen: You did g.M.A., weekend g.M.A. For years, right? I did. I did for four years. Stephen: So this is like water off a ducks back. Rolling up on the of the bed again. Stephen: What time do you have to be there in the morning? I get about there about 5:15. I get out of bed at 4:20, shower, dress, dress a little bit for the show, ear buds in my ear, and get in the car. Stephen: Does any of that go out the window? Like, does showering have to wait until tomorrow? There are a few nights gli dont do my show until 5:35 at night, and sometimes I dont have time to bathe, either. Luckily, luckily, we have a great hair and makeup team that are prepared for emergencies like that. Stephen: Today, the white house responded to cnns suit over Jim acostas press pass being pulled, and fox news, I think, filed an amicus brief. Yeah. Stephen: On their behalf. The White House said that they can use broad discretion as to who is allowed into the white house. How do you think that the press should respond to that... that attitude from the White House? I actually think this is an issue that weve been grappling with since this presidents been elected, if know while he was campaigning, before the election. You dont want to be the story as the media. And there have been times where I think too much of the attention has been focused on us, the reporters. And by CNN going the route of saying, you know what, were not going to cover Jim acostas press pass being revoked on a daily basis hour after hour, but we are going to handle it legally, because this is our first amendment right. And as an immigrant to this country, I appreciate that first amendment right more than most people do and can understand. So I think they handled it correctly. Stephen: You... immigrant to this country... From the former Soviet union. Stephen: From the former Soviet union. Are... what do you think... you read Russian, right? I do. Stephen: You do read Russian. What is the... in Russia, what do they say about the relationship between Donald Trump and Vladimir putin? Well, the best thing about it for Vladimir putin is that it takes the focus away from domestic policy and domestic issues there at home. And theyve got a lot of problems. Stephen: Is he liked there? Is putin liked in Russia? He is liked, though I would say his approval rating is declining significantly since hes won re-election... "Re-election." ( Laughter ) ( applause ) Its true. Its true. Stephen: Why "re-election?" The president called him and congratulated hoim his re-election? And who did he run against? Stephen: Some dead guy, im guessing. ( Laughter ). You know, this is... this is something that the Russians are having a hard time grappling with, trying to understand this president, his administration, his policies. Stephen: Our president. Our president. Stephen: And why are they having trouble understanding that? Because, on the one hand, if the president says something fawning about Vladimir putin or you have Helsinki, case in point, where they had a two-hour meeting that nobody still to this day knows what transpired, then they say okay, hes clearly in our favor, on our side. But the next day, they can arm the Ukrainians, issue new sanctions. And then say they, "listen, whats the tactic here? We dont really understand. Oh, we know. Hes beholden to the democrats. He really isnt as powerful as our presidents here." Stephen: In Russia, do they believe theres a deep state over here? Oh, sure. Theres conspiracy... conspiracy theories go back before putin. They go back decades in Russian media. Stephen: What do you make of, like a photograph like this? I mean, you can believe this? Did you see this? It was the one time you saw the president smile it was almost pavlovian. You see macron... this is Vladimir putin. Macron, Angela merkel, and I think this is the one smile we saw from the president. ♪ My boyfriends back really happy. ( Applause ) Well, so nice to see you. Nice to see you. Stephen: Ill see you tomorrow morning at 7:00 A.M. ( Applause ). Thank you. Stephen: You can see her on "CBS this morning" weekday mornings at 7:00 on CBS. Bianna golodryga, everybody! Well be right back with chef Flynn mcgarry. ♪ ♪ ( Applause ) Stephen: Hey, everybody, welcome back to "the late show." Folks, my next guest is a chef who is called a prodigy by "the new yorker" when he was just 13 years old. Now at the ripe old age of 19 he has his own restaurant in new York called gem. Please welcome chef Flynn mcgarry. Nice to meet you. What are we making today? Were going to make beats. Stephen: I love beats. First im told we have to pout these goggles and gloves. Stephen: These are buzz kills. Which is a great way to start cooking some root vegetables. And gloves. Stephen: Now why... why do I need to wear goggles to cook beats. You dont want the red in your eye s. Stephen: All right. So, essentially, we have beats, theyve been braised, soaked, and dried and we do that to them twice. Stephen: Wait a second, theyve been braised, smoked, and dried and we rehydrate them, dry them again, and smoke them again. Stephen: Okay, they are hard to kill, evidently. Yes. So that is the beat we have here. Stephen: Theres the beat? Youre going to take your pair of tweezers. Yes. Youre going to stab the beat. Stephen: Done. Youre going to dip it into the liquid nitrogen. Stephen: We have liquid nitrogen? Yes. Its freezing just the outside of the beat. Stephen: Okay. Now youre going to pick it back out, and dip it in this, which is bees wax. Stephen: Excellent now, why did I do that? ( Laughter ) Because I do not associate... and im sure this is going to be delicious. Yes. Stephen: I dont associate beeswax with deliciousness. It turns out it is. Goggles off now? Goggles off. I think were safe. Essentially we do that. Its a very traditional way of preserving things. We do that and let them age for two weeks. We hang them... Stephen: Wait. So I dont eat this for two weeks! You dont eat this for two weeks. You have to wait two more weeks. Stephen: I understand I shouldnt eat fast food, but thats ridiculous. After two weeks, we have them here. Stephen: Theyve been in there for two weeks. Now why, why, on gods green earth did I wait two weeks to eat it? To eat this. I cant really tell you. But it sounds really good. Doesnt it? Two-week-old beat. Stephen: You are a guest, so I will say yes. Essentially what, its doing is... is the sugars in the beat are being pulled to the outside, and its... the flavor is intensifying, and when we caramelize it later it creates awe crust on it. Stephen: Wait, you mean were not done cooking this damn thing yet? This has not died yet. Stephen: I didnt have girlfriends that lasted as long as this damn dish. I dont usually use a mallet but were on TV so it seems like we should use a malgillette the mallet was our idea? The mallet was a discussion. They said, "Stephen likes mallets. Stephen: Ive broken it off. I get all the wax off because we dont want the wax? You dont eat the wax. The wax... the place were getting the wax from, its bees that eat a lot of blackberrys, so it has this sort of... you get these black Berry notes from the wax. Stephen: This wax is... Dont eat the wax but... Stephen: I wasnt going to. Its black Berry-flavored wax? Somewhat. It could be said. You get subtle notes of black Berry. Stephen: I feel like youre punk meeg this entire time. For the actual dish, we have the Greens from the beats that weve wilted with a little bit of cream. Stephen: Okay. Same two-week-old beats? These are fresh beats. Were going to season these with a little bit of lemon juice and a little salt. Stephen: That liquid nitrogen... See, you can put whatever you want in that and it makes it... It makes it fun. Stephen: Yeah, there you go. Let that sit there... I dont think youre allowed to do that without the goggle s. Stephen: Im doing it anyway. Its my (bleep) Show. So now we get some really hot butter. Stephen: Okay, great. Were Browning. Stephen: Oh, its au burnier. I can be fancy, too. You just need the one. This is the final one. Stephen: My lemon is frozen. Stephen: Your lemon is frozen. ( Laughter ) Stephen: I do like mallets. You do like malets. Malets are very dangerous things. Stephen: Lets plate. Youre going to plate. Im not plating. Stephen: I come over here. This is your plate. This is what youre trying to make. Stephen: Thank you very much. Thank you for not breaking my plate. I brought it. A little spoon full just like that. Stephen: Which goes first, this? That is first, it goes right there. A little bit less but thats fine. Dont take it off now. Stephen: Im a hungry man. Grab your beat. Shake it a little bit. Stephen: Tuck it like that? Tuck it next to it. So far, sod if good. Put that back in there. We mack a orubdelais, like reduced fat and meat and very flavorful stuff. We made with the beats. Instead of a beef bourdelais, its beef bourdelais? Exactly. I start on the beat usually. Stephen: Well I do it the other way. Get your own damn show. And a little bit of this action? A little bit of that on there. Stephen: Okay. I mean, not quite like that... Thats a lot. Okay. Thats fine. It is your show. You can put however much salt you want. Stephen: Take that off. Great! I dont know... I dont know if people... Stephen: Can I try it? Yeah! Stephen: Can I try it? Go for it. Stephen: Do you want to trite other half of it? Im okay. Stephen: Youve had it. Ive eaten this too many times. I dont really like beats, but... ( Laughter ) ( applause ). Stephen: Now how long went into this beat? Lets recap this. How long ago did the process of cooking this beat start? About two and a half weeks ago. Stephen: For... For that. Stephen: Okay. ( Laughter ) Its a good beat. Stephen: Thats the best damn beat ive ever had. ( Cheers and applause ) Flynn, the documentary about his life, "chef Flynn" is in theaters now. Chef Flynn mcgarry, everybody. Well be right back. That was fantastic! Stephen: Thats it for the "late show." Tune in tomorrow when my guests will be Ben stiller, jemelle hill and musical guest, jorja Smith. Now stick around for James corden. Good night! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 