Crisis: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Crisis 
 s1e9 - You Do Not Know War - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Crisis (2014): Season 1, Episode 9 - You Do Not Know War - full transcript 
 When President Devore pays a visit to FBI headquarters, Director Olsen allows Dunn and Finley to share their theories on the kidnapping with him. Gibson sends a parent on a mission that ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Crisis... Those feds, Finley and Dunn, have Clarenbach. I still need him. How do you know it's Gibson? The program we were in... there was a massacre. Widener put Gibson's name on it, and he put a laser dot on his daughter's head to keep him quiet. - Widener threatened to kill Gibson's daughter? - Yeah. So it's personal. I want to see my kid. Think it's time for you, Agent Hurst, to go into the hole. You said I could see my kid. Hurst? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You know where this place is? Yes, Agent Finley... and I can take you there. Clarenbach is crucial to the pharmaceutical side of this. You cannot let Gibson get him. I need Clarenbach. Another Ballard student, - Emma Vries, has been released. - If it is Gibson, he took his own daughter. He had his finger cut off, and he made her watch. - Francis. - Jonas. - I've been here before. - Yes, we both have. Are you ready to get to work? 1x09 - You Do Not Know War As the Ballard School kidnapping marks its seventh day, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 there may at last have been a breakthrough. Sources tell us that the FBI has received new information regarding the location of the hostages. A massive ground operation is currently underway as search teams focus their efforts on an area of Southern Maryland. Sir, the last house on foxtrot number 78 is cleared. It is negative as the kidnapper's location. How many grids left? 23 square-mile grids are contained within the area designated by Agent Finley as a possible location. We've eliminated nine of them. What's the time frame on the remaining 14 grids? - 16 hours. - We need to go faster. Every boot we have is already on the ground, sir. We need more boots. - When can I see my father again? - Soon, Emma, but, uh, we need to talk to you first. But he's going to jail because of what he did for me. None of this is your fault. Emma, you can help us. We need to know... everything that's going on inside the mansion. - Are your classmates okay? - I don't think any of them got shot. - But somebody did get shot? - During the attack. What attack, Emma? Did someone attack the place - you were being held? - Right. You don't know. There was a sustained firefight for at least 20 minutes. Very controlled, lots of three-round bursts. I only heard MP-5s, you know, like the guards carry. You sound like you know a lot about weapons. My father's idea of bonding usually involves a firing range. The place got shot up pretty good. Some of the guards died. - How many? - I don't know. Three or four. How many attackers? Do you know? Just one. I think just one. But it was Kyle who killed the guy in charge. - Who did Kyle kill? - Agent Hurst. He was about to shoot Mr. Gibson. Kyle had to do it. We're going to show you some photos. Maybe you can help identify the attacker for us. Let's go. Just a sec! It's all yours. Secure radio chatter indicates they've eliminated a target close by. - How far from here? - Nine and a half miles. National Guard is mobilized. Clarenbach helped get them close. They'll knock on every door now. With the geometric search pattern they're using, they'll be here in less than six hours. I need 12. Open a line out. Do we know the origin of this attack on the kidnappers? Emma Vries identified the attacker. It was Thayer, sir, one of the soldiers we pulled out of the Pakistani Embassy. Widener got him into the mansion somehow. - The CIA got a man inside? - But just one. I don't think they know the location of the kidnappers, or they would have taken Gibson out. You need to be prepared to explain this to the president. - We're going to the White House? - No. He's on his way here. Whose phone is that? { Mother-in-law, did you get a cellphone? } { You know I don't like them. } { It's not mine. } Hello. I know who you are. I know what you do. I-I work for the consul. I am just an attach?. That is why I need your wife. My wife? She's a colonel in your foreign intelligence service. I need a spy. What do you want? If I do that, it will start a war. sync & correction by f1nc0 ~ Addic7ed.com ~  Agent Hurst is dead. How are you doing with that? I want to know how Kyle is doing. - Mr. President. - And how are you doing, for that matter? - I'm fine. - Widener's guys went after you and your sister pretty hard last night. Hard? They killed Wilson and dropped Keegan off a bridge at the end of a rope. I'm fine. Please, sit. I'm told my son killed a man. Is that true? Yes, sir. No disrespect, Bill... but I don't want any filters, not today. You two have been the tip of the spear on the this case. I want you to tell me what's really going on. I don't care what you think is safe to tell me, I don't care what you can prove. I want to hear what you believe. We believe the kidnapper is a man named Francis Gibson, sir. Gibson. But he's one of the hostages. They hung his finger from the White House fence. We can't prove it, but we believe he orchestrated a disinformation strategy to deflect his responsibility. Let's say that's true. What does he want? Gibson was a CIA analyst. They dismissed him 18 months ago. As far as we can tell, this is about payback. - Why was he fired? - We're not sure, sir. We believe Gibson was involved in the creation of a secret CIA death squad. And because you're taking this to me instead of the Attorney General, I'm assuming you have no evidence for this, either. Gibson sent Congressman Wirth inside the CIA to steal a video. - I saw a piece of it. - You did? What was on it? American soldiers intentionally massacring civilians. Evidence. What did Director Widener say about this? He's stonewalling me, sir. Or he's being careful, which is his job, Bill. Still, I want to hear his response to this myself. Tell Gabe Widener I'd like him to join us here. Now. Sya, I do not understand. You are my wife. How long has that been there? You are not the only one who works for our government, Meng. { I'm still your wife. } Stay here, and I will save our son. They've cleared another house. Three miles away. That's the closest they'll get for a while. Jonas. - I'm glad you're here. - You're glad? It's been such a long time. Yeah, I suppose it has been. - What do you want from me? - I'm gonna save your life. I don't want to kill you, Jonas. Widener does. And he will, eventually. - Unless... - Help me get Widener. Widener? If you wanted to kill him, there are easier ways than kidnapping dozens of kids, and you certainly don't need me. I'm not gonna kill him. I'm gonna destroy him, and I need you for that. Help me, and I can solve both our problems. Make your choice fast. It's happening now. Dad, what's going on? They had me in the back again for questioning. I think they're afraid they're about to be found. They've been weakened, and they're nervous. If we can exploit that, it's our chance to escape. I'm gonna need your help, though, both of you. - Think you can do that? - Anything. - Yeah. - Okay, first we need to quickly spread the word to the other kids; we need their eyes. Guards were killed in that assault. They've changed their patrol pattern. If we're gonna move on them, I need to know how many there are. - Understood? - Yes. But, Dad, i-if the cops are getting close, wouldn't it be smarter just to wait to be rescued? The kidnappers' plan's falling apart. Dangerous people are desperate, Beth Ann. If we're gonna escape, we need to move fast. Mr. President. - You wanted to see me. - Congressman Wirth took a video from the CIA, uploaded it from his phone just before he died. What was on it? I can't speak to that, sir. When the congressman's phone was examined, it had been erased. So maybe there's proof of a CIA death squad and maybe there isn't. - That's gonna be a Senate hearing. - Yes, sir. - Yes, sir. - But me? What I want to know right now is, what does Francis Gibson have to do with the kidnapping of my son? - From what we can tell, nothing. - Mr. President, please. - Agent Dunn. - We've looked into it, of course, but there's no evidence to suggest he's anything other than a hostage. Your men kidnapped me and my sister yesterday. Agent Dunn! You need to step out. I heard about what happened to you. It must have been horrific. You should be commended for even coming to work today. We've lost the network, sir. All the computers are out. - Status. - What the hell was that? Mr. President, it appears to be a massive cyber attack... - all our systems are down. - This building or the entire FBI? Not just the FBI, sir... anything connected to the Internet. Banking systems, power grid, air traffic control, emergency services. The virus will spread into them all. Cyber attack? Are you sure? - Yes, sir. On a massive scale. - Gabe. We should go to INFOCON 2, sir. - Bill? - Something this aggressive, this fast, I agree. - Take us to INFOCON 2. - Sir. - What is INFOCON 2? - That means we're under attack and we're gonna shut the country down before someone else does. INFOCON 2 is established, Mr. President. Critical computer networks are cutting outside links. Conventional communications are out. We're establishing a point-to-point laser comm link to the White House and Pentagon, sir. Up in two minutes. Shouldn't they get POTUS to the White House? The FBI is a highly secure facility. Safer to stay here until we understand the threat. Secret Service will designate this "the Castle." It becomes the president's location in an attack. This is the last position to fall. Finley, I think we do understand the threat. This has to be Gibson. Generator is up. We have power. How long will we be blind? A day. We'll have no communications. We'll have no access to surveillance systems. But neither will our enemies. We will have enough time to do what needs to be done. - Are you ready to get to work? - Doing what, exactly? Mr. President, we've confirmed this is a cyber attack. The virus is passing from node to node, crippling networked computer systems as it goes. We don't know who launched it, but we know it began here in D.C. and it's spreading. The Eastern Seaboard will be crippled in the next few hours. Sir, they've identified the code as a variant on a known Chinese military virus. If this is intentional, it's an act of war. When the secure links are up, I want a threat assessment from you, the Joint Chiefs and the National Security Advisor. Yes, sir. Mr. President, this may not be a military action. This could be a parent working for the kidnapper. - What makes you think that? - Sir, we have units searching for the kidnapper all over Southern Maryland. We believe we're close. But now our communications are down and those units are being pulled out to handle emergency situations. And you don't think that's a coincidence. No, sir. One of the parents, Mr. Meng Liao, is a cultural attach? for the Chinese Embassy. And it's a Chinese virus. Agent Finley, I just put our bombers on 15-minute notice. If this is a parent trying to save their child, I need you to find out before we lose control of this situation. Understood, sir. You want me to make more chemical supplement? - Francis, I can't do that. - You have to. Why would you want me to make more of this poison? I mean, you can't give it to just anyone. You need soldiers who've been conditioned - and you don't have them. - Freeing those soldiers is the next step. And when the time comes, we will do that together. But without the supplement, they're of no use. You're the key to this whole thing, Jonas. Why do we need to do this? To destroy Widener. Which is the only way you're free of this forever. How much do you need? Mr. President. DOD is hooking you into their communications intelligence unit. The National Guard is mobilizing to maintain civil order, sir. Hospitals across D.C. are running on emergency generators and handling the increased flow of shutdown-related injuries. Which is good news, because traffic control systems are going down in many parts of the city. We've got street cops directing traffic at key intersections. We're adapting as best we can, falling back on older, non-networked technologies wherever possible. These will work, they don't depend on a network. You can talk to each other or talk back here to the base. - You got a ten-mile range, got it? - Thanks. Assuming this is Jin Liao's parents, how do we find them? The cell networks are down; that won't work. Address book works just fine. Jin, we need to talk. Better do it quick. They just took my proof of life pic. - I'm going home. - Maybe. What do you... what do you mean? I really hope you are, Jin... but they took Amber's proof of life pic and she's still here. My dad's preparing a plan to get us out of here. No, no, no, no. Don't do anything. Don't screw this up for me. Hey, we want to get out, too. They only let my mother have one child, Beth Ann. Me. I can't screw this up. I'm all she has. Fine. I hope you get home. But don't say a single word about our plan. My son... I will never see you again. By the time you get this, Jin, I will be in prison or dead. You will hear many things about me. You will hear... about the secrets that I kept. I want to tell you the only truth that matters: I am your mother, and I love you. I have only done what I must to save your life. - Are Mr. and Mrs. Liao inside? - Yeah. They haven't left today. How long until the network is back online? We're trying to figure that out. We need one of you guys out here, the other one around back. - Do not move! - Put the gun down, Mr. Liao. I have diplomatic immunity. Mr. Liao, diplomatic immunity will not stop a bullet if we fire on you. Put the gun down. We don't have time for this. Where's your wife, Mr. Liao? Is it true? Is today the day? Yes. Central command contacted me. We have been activated. Today our nation strikes first. - What are my orders? - The Americans will try to find me. Stay here. Make sure they don't. Clear. Mrs. Liao is not here. Did you receive a call from the kidnapper today? I have nothing to say to you. Mr. Liao, our countries could go to war. We need to find your wife. Where is she? Do you understand what she's done? You could lose your wife and your son today. How can I lose my wife? I don't even know who she is. - You didn't know she's a spy? - 20 years. A son. I gave her my life. She gave me lies. Please. Just tell us where she is. She did not tell me. If she had, it would have been a lie. Even so, for Jin's sake, I would not tell you. { You are a fool. } { This matter is not for you to decide, Mother. } { You do not know war, Meng. I do. } My daughter-in-law does not want me to live here like a mother should. My son is weak, so I live in an apartment. Sya put on some of my clothes and took my key. She went there. - Did she take anything with her? - Ma, stop! She had a bag for a computer. The fix for all this could be on that computer. Where is this apartment? Ian, we're doing it. We're getting out. What? How? Mr. Gibson's making a plan... he thinks the searchers are close. We're gonna get everyone out when they come. But we need your help. Yeah, I can help. I know something Mr. Gibson needs to know. - What? - I was in the downstairs bathroom. I just wanted to be by myself. I didn't want to see these guards or this place... Mr. Nash getting killed. Yeah. I know what you mean. There's a section of the wall that was loose, so I lifted it off, and there was this hole in the wall behind it on the other side... it was the kitchen. - Are you serious? - Yeah. I saw the headquarters, or whatever. - It's like a secret way of getting back and forth. - Wow. That could be perfect. - Who else knows? - No one. I was sitting here deciding whether I should tell you guys or just... run by myself 'cause the odds are better. You didn't run; you told me. And this will help Beth Ann's dad get us out of here. - You should be the one to tell him. - I'll find him. Do you smell that? Finley, in here. The attack came from this. Forensics will never be able to recover anything from that. This thing is still smoking. Wherever she is, she hasn't been gone long. If she's gone. If Sya Liao works for the Chinese, she's probably with the Ministry of State Security. Sya Liao will have underground connections. How do we find her? FBI databases are offline, Metro PD... Freeze! Secret Service! It's not Mrs. Liao. Where is she?! Where is Sya Liao? This guy's not gonna last long. We're not getting an ambulance here today. - He's gonna bleed out. - We have to get him to a hospital. He's the only line we have on Sya Liao. Let's go. With the power and communications grids continuing to fail up and down the Eastern Seaboard, American military activity has increased dramatically in the East China Sea. High-placed naval sources now confirm that the U.S. is readying a military response to what is a Chinese cyber attack. And with the USS Ronald Reagan currently sending its F-14s to the very edge of the Chinese Republic's airspace, armed conflict seems imminent. Gas mains are computerized. - The system crashes, and they overload. - The virus is spreading. How are we supposed to find one woman in this city when all of our systems are crashing? You won't. What's he saying? You won't. He's saying we won't. I'm trying to avoid an international crisis. Just do it. I just put the Seventh Fleet in park so I don't provoke a shooting war with China. The Joint Chiefs are telling me that if we don't strike now, we're gonna lose the ability to do so later. Someone give me a better option. I think we should get Putin on the telephone, get him to mobilize. He's not a fan of the Chinese government either. And push us closer to a land war instead? With a country that's got two million soldiers? Anybody else? Excuse me, sir. - Dunn, that you? - Yes, sir. - Do you have Mrs. Liao? - No, sir, but we can confirm she's behind the cyber attack. It's the kidnapper, sir. - She's doing this for him. - Where's Liao now? Not sure, but she has help, possibly from the agents she's running. They might think that she's doing this for China. Sir, she could be anywhere by now. We're not gonna find her without help from the Chinese. Understood. I think I know how to get the information you need. - I'll get back to you. - Copy, sir. Sir, I have an option I believe we have to take, - but you won't like it. - Shoot. Agents Finley and Dunn have confirmed that this is, in fact, a parent mission. Specifically, that Mrs. Sya Liao is a Chinese spy. Well, that's damn good work if it's true. Unfortunately, we've lost her in the mayhem. Her agents are helping her. The only way we'll find her in time is if the Chinese themselves give us her espionage network. Give up a clandestine intelligence network in D.C.? The Chinese are never going to agree to that. They will if we trade them our best asset in Beijing. And that will get that man killed. This city is shutting down. By tomorrow, it will be the country. By tomorrow, our cyber defenses will have identified - and eliminated the virus. - Do any of us want to see what this country looks like by then? Gabe, do we have someone valuable enough to make it worth it to them? Yes, sir. We have an asset very close to the premier. But it's taken us decades to get someone that close. Mr. President, if we're gonna stop this attack, Sya Liao is the key. - We need to find her, sir, now. - I'll consider. Go. Gunshot wound. He's critical. I need you to keep an eye on him. - What's the status here? - The generators are powering life support, but trauma cases are coming in fast. We're gonna run out of fuel. If we don't find Liao fast, it'll be Hurricane Katrina around here. Death toll's gonna go up fast. - This is Dunn. - I have the location. It's a Chinese government safe house. A church, actually. 2211 Draper Street. Got it. That's not far from here. I don't know when I'll be able to get backup there - given the conditions. - We understand. I hope your people are up to this. We sacrificed a good man to get that intel. Don't pretend you give a damn about personnel, yours or mine. Easy now. We're on the same team here. No, we're not. You ever heard of a team that kills their own players? Don't go there. You don't have evidence to prove that. You don't have evidence to prove a single damn thing. Maybe not. But I know it was your guys that killed my agents, I know it was your guys that worked over Agent Dunn. We're working together today, Gabe, but when this is over... I'm coming for you. - Remember, we have to take her alive. - That just got a lot harder. Finley, we can't let her get out of here. I'll go in. You go around the back. We don't need to do this, Mrs. Liao! Put down your weapon! I don't want to hurt you. Please. Put your weapon down and come out. We can't waste time on this guy. Olsen said this is the place. We have to find her before she runs. Sir, blackouts and fires have spread to Delaware. I-95 is shut down south of Philadelphia by a refinery explosion... computer failure again. Eastern Seaboard is cut in half. And, so far, our confirmed death toll... is 75, and rising fast. I am not armed. - Can the virus be stopped? - It will not be. You got a call from the kidnapper this morning. - Yes. - You uploaded a virus for him? Yes. My government is not responsible for this. - They'll court-martial you. - You mean they'll execute me. Yes, but I've only done what I must to save my son. - This ends now. - I've been trained to withstand torture. Whatever you do to me, I can hold out as long as I must. I'm sure you think so. You're asking me to kill my son. I'm asking you to save many sons. What happened? This is too soon. Jonas! - How long until your work is done? - At least two hours. What's wrong? Mrs. Liao's the only one who could have stopped that virus. She was told to keep them blind for 12 hours. She failed. The most important parent mission is still to come. That parent must know the price of failure. Who's there? Mr. Gibson? You're... You're one of the kidnappers? It wasn't a dream? I did not want to do this. - Your parents failed, Jin. - Oh. Please. Please, please, don't. Please. You don't have to do this. No. I do have to. Don't you see? They made me... They made me do it. The region is recovering, sir. Network systems are coming back online. The power grid has been restored. Hospitals are returning to normal. Communications for emergency services are back up. So we didn't burn our agent for nothing. No, sir. The sacrifice paid off. Your team is packed up and we're returning to normal operations. When does the grid search for the kidnappers resume? The units are already redeploying back into the field. We're gonna find the kids, sir. Mr. President? Abby Hurst is here. Sir, I don't believe Agent Hurst was a part of the kidnapping. - Not of his own free will. - Al Hurst? Not a chance in hell. You and I both know that. But now... we got to tell Abby my son killed her husband. Abby. Thanks for coming. - No... - Abby... Is my husband dead? I was always afraid I was gonna be a hero's widow. That's not what happened, is it? Oh... please. Find my daughter. Fine work, both of you. Thank you, Mr. President. I have to clean up today's disaster. I'm not happy with what I heard today, Gabe. Our conversation's not over. Find my son. - Find all of them. - Yes, sir. As the national grid continues to come back online, the president issued a statement that the government of China was not responsible for today's system failure. When asked about the unconfirmed reports that this was connected to the Ballard kidnapping, White House spokesmen replied, "No comment." Search grids are back up. We're closing in on the hostages' location. I want to be there when you go in. You will be. You've earned it. Director? You should see this. It came over the Internet, sir. - Every news outlet has it. - Okay. That's the video Congressman Wirth had. The one he took from the CIA. Widener. Hello, Gabe. Do you see it? Yes. I'm coming for you. Say good-bye to everything you love while you can. sync & correction by f1nc0 ~ Addic7ed.com ~  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 