Awake: Season 1, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Awake 
 s1e12 - Two Birds - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Awake (2012): Season 1, Episode 12 - Two Birds - full transcript 
 Detective Britten doesn't know who to trust when the truth behind the accident begins to reveal itself and a high-ranking conspiracy threatens both of his realities. In a moment of frustration, Britten decides to take the law into his own hands and goes after Detective Hawkins, putting himself and Bird in the crosshairs of the conspirators. Captain Harper is instructed to clean up the mess. Later, when questioned about his partner, Detective Vega begins to have concerns about his Captain's intentions. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously, on "Awake"... When I woke up I realized that I hadn't gone back at all. - And that's never happened before. - No. It doesn't make any sense. Why would it suddenly stop now? Why am I seeing you? I don't know. Why can't I get back to Rex? I don't know. Could you just leave me alone for a few minutes? How can I leave you alone if I'm you? How do I explain that one of my officers ran through traffic and then ran away from the scene 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 of the resulting accidents? I'm sorry. They're going to hand down a suspension pending a full investigation into your actions. Dad! Rex! What is it? There was no accident. That's what I had to understand. They were trying to kill me. So seeing Detective Hawkins at this carnival triggered memories of something that you have been unwilling or unable to remember: The accident itself. So to understand these memories you present them to yourself 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 in a language that you've become familiar with: The language of this ongoing dream. You're missing the point. Dr. Evans, what-what I had to force myself to remember, what I had to find... there before I could come back to here was that it wasn't an accident, that this Hawkins ran me off the road, that he was trying to kill me. Have you found any evidence that he tried to kill you? I'm still looking. Don't you see? That's why I couldn't wake up there. I had to stay here until I remembered. Is it possible that you're not actually remembering this, but inventing it? No. It isn't. Are you sure? Accepting the responsibility for the accident that killed your son might be so unbearable that you created a scapegoat. Seeing Detective Hawkins at the carnival led you to the memory that he was on the scene that night, that he was helping you, but your mind twisted and distorted that memory to help you cope... ...creating a paranoid delusion that you believe that he ran you off the road. It's not what I believe. It's what I saw. It's what happened. Except that there's no evidence to support your theory, is there? I'll find the evidence. In your memory, you saw Detective Hawkins before he hit you. As he hit me. How did you see him? In the mirror. Your side mirror? Yeah. Has it been your experience that you can see faces of the people driving the car behind you... He switched his lights off so that I wouldn't see him when he pulled up alongside me. So you saw his face in the dark. Look, doctor, I know what I saw. I'm sure that it does feel real, detective, but our memories are notoriously unreliable, especially in the face of trauma. I'm sure that you've dealt with eyewitnesses who are certain of what they saw, only to be proven wrong. You know the studies of subjects who defend their memory of an event even after being shown videotape evidence to the contrary. Let me ask you this way: As a detective, if a witness were telling you this story, would you find it credible? I am a detective. I know what I saw. And you're not answering my question. Think about a case where the key piece of evidence, a piece that everything hinged on, was one split-second glance in a mirror in the dark. Now, do you think that that's a case you could win? This isn't a hypothetical case. This is not a study. It's not my imagination. Detective Hawkins ran me off the road and destroyed my family. He is the reason we'll never all be together again. I'm as sure of that as I've ever been of anything. Detective, where are you going? I should never have called you. I'm sorry. I have work to do. So tell me how this works. I'm awake with my wife, and I close my eyes, I open them, I'm awake with my son. And this has been happening since the accident? So you begin working on one case here in reality, and then suddenly you begin working another case there in your dream. It all feels completely real to me. You can't tell whether you're awake or asleep at this very moment? Well, I can assure you, Detective Britten, this is not a dream. That's exactly what the other shrink said. Sync & corrections by into-the-light, www.Addic7ed.Com My mom says I can go as long as I finish my essay. How far are you? Just trying to figure out my conclusion. It was a good book. You should read it. Mr. Clark would never assign catcher in the rye. He thinks American literature peaked Moby dick. I meant you read it, like, on your own. Maybe I will. Well, I better get back to it, but assume I'm going. All right, cool. It's gonna be perfect beach weather. Text you when I wake up. Okay, bye. Sounds like you and Emma are getting on well. Yeah, finally. Whenever you do that, it usually means I'm in some kind of trouble. No, you're not in trouble, but I-I do need to talk to you about a, about a case I'm working on. A case? Is that what you've been doing in the garage? Yeah. You've been stuck in there, like, the last two days. Why haven't you been working from the office? It's complicated. Look, things are... Might get a little rough for me over the next few days. While I'm dealing with it, I'd rather you weren't around. Why not? 'Cause I'm going after a dangerous guy. Not that he would go after you, but I'd rather be on the safe side. What about you? Oh, I can handle it. I just don't want to be worrying about you, so your aunt Carol's been going on about wanting to spend time with you up in Visalia. She's on her way. She'll pick you up in an hour. I just made plans to go to the beach with Emma tomorrow morning. I know, and I'm sorry, but you're gonna have to push it. She already changed her plans for me once. I'm not gonna make her change them again. Rex! Listen to me. I need you to go to aunt Carol's. This guy you're going after... what did he do? Doesn't matter. You're kinda freaking me out. I'm sorry. Look, it's all gonna be fine. You're gonna be okay. I'm gonna be okay. I need you to go pack a bag right now. All right? Hey. Hey. I love you, kid. I love you, too. Captain's all over me to close out the Chapin case. I need Michael's follow-up. He's out sick. Again? Call him. I've been trying him for two days. He usually gets back to me. You try his house? What do you think? Okay, I'll do the follow-up. This is Michael Britten. Please leave me a message. Hey, Mike, it's me again. Uh, this time, I'm calling from your house. You know, your car isn't here, so I'm becoming concerned. Give me a call as soon as you can. All right, bye. Detective Freeman, come in. Thanks for seeing me on such short notice. Well, you said that it was important. I'm concerned about Michael, and I'm wondering if you can tell me if I have reasons to be. Why don't you sit down? Now you understand that I am not at liberty to talk about the work with my patients. Unless they present a danger to themselves or others. In that case, the law compels you to tell the police. How much do you know about why Detective Britten started seeing me? Well, Mike has some memory issues after the accident. Got into a couple of temper flare-ups. Captain said he needed to see a shrink if he wanted to stay on the force. Then you realize that if I share any doubts about Detective Britten with captain Harper, it would end his career. I'm not captain Harper. Maybe if you could-could be more specific about your concerns. Okay, Mike's been out sick the last couple of days. I been trying to call him. He hasn't returned my calls. Uh, I went to the house; He wasn't there. I'm looking around; Then I go into his garage, and he has this collection of police reports, photos. I mean, everything surrounding his accident, and then he has this whole other bunch of files about some... Detective ed Hawkins from the Western division. I mean, case work, personal information. Now, look, if there's something that I should know, you need to tell me. You're putting me in an impossible position. If I have something to worry about, I want to know. The fact that you're here right now answers your question. So if you're considering some kind of intervention, you might want to do it sooner than later. Put your hands up now. Britten... What's going on? That's what you're gonna tell me. Look, I'm sorry, but I'm a bit confused. Why don't we skip the part where you pretend you don't know what I'm doing here. You murdered my family, you son of a bitch, and I want to know why. We all know you've been having some issues. I have your attention now? You need to get me to the hospital, Britten. Here's what I'm gonna do next. I'm gonna shoot your knees out. Then you'll never walk again. Don't! Please! Three, two, one... It was Westfield! The Westfield case, Michael. It all starts with Westfield. Westfield? I never found anything at Westfield. Heroin. We've been taking evidence the narcotics division confiscated and selling it off ourselves. Kept it at Westfield, until you started asking around. Then we had to move our shipment and sit on it. That's when they decided you had to go. Who's "they"? I just did what I was told. I had nothing to do with this. Who?! They will kill me! I'll kill you, you son of a bitch. Who is "they"? Take me to the hospital. Call IA, get me protection, I will tell you everything. So you can go back to saying you don't know what I'm talking about? I swear, I won't. I have evidence. Where? My laptop... it's on the table. There's a file in it. There's a file. What's the file called? "Lease agreement." It's in the "records" folder. Password? How do I know you won't kill me? You don't. Bird. What the hell are you doing? He came after me. But this is his house. I'm telling you, I had no choice. I know what you've been doing. I saw the garage. Talked to Dr. Evans. I'll explain everything. But first, you got to give me your gun. Michael... Bird. I'm not asking, I'm telling you. Give me your gun. Or what? You gonna shoot me, too? Michael, we can figure this out. We can go back to the station, and you can tell me what happened. I'm not going in without proof; I just shot a cop. Proof of what? Hawkins and his partners were running drugs out of Westfield. That's why they tried to kill me. Hey, he just admitted it to me. You broke into the man's house with a gun. He'd have told you whatever you wanted to hear. I have evidence on his laptop. There's a locked file. I don't have the password. Okay, then we still need to go to the station and have the techs take a look at it for you. I don't know who else is in on this. That thing gets into the wrong hands, forget it. Okay, so what's your plan? I'm gonna find someone to unlock the file. Who? I don't know! All right? What if you're wrong? I'm not wrong. What if you go into this file and don't find what you're looking for... I'm not wrong! Will you then go into the station with me? You remember that weird dude from Angelino Heights? Uh, Francis... whatever. You know, he helped us with the identity theft thing. The kid who left Google? Yeah. Yeah. Well, I have his number in my phone. Call him. Really? Where's your phone? Right pocket. Ting) Where you going? Uh, I just, uh, I got something I got to do. What do you have to do? Uh, it's a-a case I got to close up. Michael, you're suspended. Why don't you just take some time off? Where's my gun? You turned it in. The one from the closet. Michael, you-you haven't been yourself these past few days, and I got worried, so... I moved it. What do you need a gun for, Michael? I don't. Listen... can you do me a favor? Can you stay out of the house today? Call me before you come back. You're scaring me. What's going on? I'll call you. Hey, what's up? Are you alone? Hey, give me a sec. Hey, sorry, man. I was meaning to call you. I heard Harper put you on leave. Yeah. Listen, I need you to meet me. When? Right now. Now? Look, I got to go interview a witness downtown. Now, Bird. Okay. Well, I guess I can get Hawkins to cover for me, so... No, no. You can't tell anyone you're meeting me, especially Hawkins. Why? I'll explain it to you when I see you. The park on Sixth and Curson. Hot dog stand? Yeah. On my way. Okay, mom, I'll get there as soon as I can. All right? Pain in the ass. What? Everything all right? Pipe burst in my mother's apartment; I got to go help her out. Can you cover the witness for me? Sure. Thanks. I'll get there as soon as I can. Okay. What the hell's going on? What did you tell Hawkins? That I had to go fix a leak at my mom's. Why? Do you think he bought it? I don't know. Hey. What's going on? Hawkins? No way. Not possible. I'm telling you, your source is wrong. I can prove it to you. How? There's a file... an encrypted file on his laptop. I need you to copy it and send it to me. Mike, that sounds crazy. I know what it sounds like, but once you see the file... Look, I'm not stealing from another cop's computer. Bird... He's my partner. What was I? Huh? What was I? And for how long? I know you're going through a rough time, and a suspension on top of it... It's got nothing to do with the suspension. This is about a man who tried to kill me and he killed my son. All right, so for Rex's sake, for our sake, for all the years we spent watching each other's back, I'm asking you, trust me. One last time. Get me this file. Bird... I'm begging you. Please. You better be right. They could've been talking about anything. Why would he lie about where he was going, who he was meeting? What's this he's handing him? I don't know. Again, it could be anything. Britten knows. No, we don't know that. He's having sketch artists draw pictures. He's chasing Hawkins down the street... And he's suspended. You think he needs a badge to bring this down? They got to go. They? Look at these pictures. You want to risk everything on the hope that they're just talking about the weather? If Britten tells Bird anything, Britten disappears and Bird finds out, Bird's gonna be all over this. We got to clean this up once and for all. You're talking about two decorated police officers. No, I'm talking about one decorated police officer and one suspended, mentally unstable police officer. We can make this work for us. How fast can you move on this? Say the word. Hi. Hi. Hey, perfect timing, man. Look... I'm on hold with a repair guy for my mom, and there's nobody else in the bullpen. And I been dying of thirst. You think you could, uh, pick up a soda? Okay. Thanks, man. You know, I been on there for a while. They'd probably pick up and hang up if I run away. Blah, blah, blah, blah. You know how it is. Right, right. Diet soda? That's funny. Appreciate it, though. I got your back. You know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know you do. All right. Where's my soda? Broken. Ah... Cutbacks. Everything all right with your mom? Yeah, you know, you fix one thing and then ten more give you problems. I know exactly how you feel. It's downloading right now. You're doing the right thing, Bird. You mean lying to my partner or risking my job? Look, wait till you see the file. I promise you, you'll understand. So either my new partner's dirty or my old one's paranoid. I'm not paranoid. You'll see. Either way, it's a lose-lose situation for me. I'm sorry. Promise me you'll get help if you're wrong. I'm not wrong. How you gonna access the file? It's encrypted. Remember Francis, the weird kid in angelino heights? The Google guy? Yeah, of course. He's my guy. I'll call you from there. Mike... Who is it? Francis, this is Detective Britten. I was Detective Freeman's partner. Open up. I need a favor. I don't do favors. It's a job. A private job. I'll pay you for it. Francis! You look like crap. Thanks. What kind of job is it? You gonna let me in? I don't know yet. You don't know. I'm not gonna know until you tell me what kind of job you're talking about. I need you to decrypt a password-protected file. It's on a disc image. What do you charge for that? It depends. On what? If the password's five characters, I can crack it in an hour. Six, it's gonna take 24. Seven characters... Whew... two weeks. Two...! Two weeks. And that's twice as fast as the next guy, so you're welcome to... All right, I got this. Here, for a down payment. It's a rolex submariner. It's got to be worth at least... I know what it is. What, did you steal this from evidence? No. Okay, then how's a cop afford a timepiece like this? He inherits it from his father. You must really want to get in this file. Whatever you're working on, put it down. We got a rush job. These local merchants are right on the street. They know what's going on out there better than anybody in this room. But they're starting to tell each other... I gotta go see my mom. Damn plumbers cost more than them plastic surgeons. And they don't even show up. Right. ...your cars, if you're driving by, they look out the window, you look in then? No, you don't; You keep on going. You find anything? Yeah. Hawkins isn't as smart as he thinks he is, or he would've used more characters in his password. Did you find something? A lease agreement for a self-storage facility, dated five months ago. Am I missing something? The lease started the day after Westfield shut down. The day after. So you're saying that Hawkins moved drugs from Westfield into this storage facility. Well, he moved something. And then they tried to kill me the same night. You think the timing's a coincidence? Well, unless we find drugs in the storage container, the lease doesn't prove anything except that Hawkins rented out space. Well... he's in this with at least one other cop. Who? Kessel. Carl Kessel. You sure? Well, I'm looking at his signature on a scanned copy of the lease. He's the captain over here. Think about it. It makes sense. Kessel would've assigned Hawkins to you to watch over you, see if you knew anything. Okay, then we better find out what's in the storage container. What time do you get off? I'll meet you at your place. 6:00. If I'm not there, you know where the key is. Thanks, partner. Don't thank me yet. If the store owners don't feel safe, then we can't count on their cooperation, which is crucial to what we do. So I need every one of you to start getting out of your cars, and putting in some face time with these people. Make sure they know we're on their side. So your father... He really give you this? Yeah. Where'd he get it? His father. Hey, just... take it. Rather have you owe me. It should have been me... Not you. Not either of you. But I swear to you both that I will find the people who did this... And I'll make them pay. Bird, you home? Bird! Oh, God. Oh, no. No... Let me see your hands. You son of a bitch. Now! Just having a few beers... With my partner. Watching the game. You stormed in. Going off about some crazy conspiracy theory. Bird tried to calm you down, and you shot him. So I fired back. Self-defense. No one's ever gonna believe I would hurt Bird. We'll see. IA knows about the storage unit. That's not true. You're lying. I took the file off your laptop. It had the lease with your name and Kessel's name on it. You're lying. Then how do I know your password's "tulip"? I'll start by confirming what most of you know already: Just over an hour ago, our former colleague, Detective Isaiah Freeman, was murdered by one of our own... Detective Michael Britten. Like many of you, I worked with Isaiah for years. He was an excellent detective, but, more than that, he-he was a friend. This is a tragic loss, and I am... saddened. But right now, everyone in this room needs to focus on finding Michael Britten before he can harm anyone else. This is our responsibility as officers of the law and as colleagues of Isaiah. Detective Britten's psychological health has been in question for some time now, and at this point, we can only assume that he has crossed into psychosis. He's also extremely well-trained, armed, and dangerous. If, at any point, during the course of apprehending him, you have to choose between putting your own life at risk or using lethal force as far as I'm concerned, there's no choice at all. Do what you have to do to protect yourself and the lives of the people around you. Brief me every half-hour until we find him. Let's make this right. That's all. Detective... My office. When did you last hear from Britten? Not since he was suspended. I called him a couple of times. And he didn't call you back? No. Okay. Can you think of anything that he said to you, any possible insight into where his mind is at? If there is, you need to tell me now because it could save lives. Yes, ma'am. But I really can't think of anything. Did he talk about any crazy theories? Theories? I don't know. I mean, I'm not the one who had a psychotic break. Did you notice any change in his, in his behavior? Did he express any paranoid delusions, talk of conspiracies against him? No. Captain... For the last few months, me and Britten had worked a lot of cases together, and, yes, I have seen him do some weird things. But you get to know someone, and I swear, there is no way he'd kill his old partner. It's just not possible, and I keep thinking to myself, there's gotta be other explanations... No, you can just stop right there, detective. Captain... We had a veteran officer murdered in cold blood in front of an eyewitness. And you sit here and you make excuses because you and britten had a few heart-to-hearts? I'm giving you my honest opinion. Based on what, your vast experience? You save your compassion for detective Bird and his friends and family, not his killer. We're done. Attention, all units: Respond to a 187, corner of spring and 803. Bird. Thank God. For what? Just that you're here, brother. Well, I wish I wasn't. Not under these circumstances. Look, uh, I'm going to give you some advice as a friend. Just keep your mouth shut. All that crazy stuff about Hawkins killing Hannah for heroin and... Just keep that to yourself. It's only gonna make things wor... Are you listening to me? Where's Hawkins' laptop? What? I know the password. Tulip. The password to the encrypted file... I know it now. Look, you've been out cold for the last half an hour. How you gonna know something you didn't know a half an hour ago? Because I do, okay? I... Come on! Look. You know the last few months there have been things that... That I couldn't know. But I know them anyway. Right? This is like that. Just trust me. The password is "tulip." J-just try it for me. All right. It's in that folder. Tulip. T-u-l... Look, I know how to spell "tulip." Open the third document down. That's the lease agreement for a storage unit where they moved the drugs the day of my accident. Look at the name of the company it's leased to. Westfield distribution. Right. See who signed it. Carl kessel. That's Hawkins' precinct chief. Oh, now, h-how did you... Doesn't matter. It's proof. Let's go and show it to who we need to show it to. Let's go and find out who killed my wife and why. I'll need to take another look at this before you send it to district. Thank you. Yes, ma'am. Come into the office. What happened to you? Why is he in cuffs? Because he shot and killed the Detective Ed Hawkins from the Western division, but before you even think about charging him, I think you want to listen to what he has to say and take a look at what we found in Hawkins' house. The accident that killed my wife wasn't an accident. It was an attempt on my life. The reason I was targeted because I received an anonymous tip about heroin being distributed through Westfield distribution center by at least two dirty cops. You've got nothing. I got a full confession. From who, Hawkins? The detective that you shot dead? Did he sign something? No... yes, he signed the lease for the storage unit with his captain, this captain kessel, on the day he tried to kill me; Isn't that enough? How does signing a lease agreement prove that he stole heroin from narcotics division and was selling it? I-it doesn't. That's what I'm saying. That's why we gotta open up the storage unit before kessel gets a chance to move the drugs. Michael, you know, I'm struggling to understand. Why? What, all of a sudden, brought you to these people? My memory. Your memory. I remember. Hawkins... My memory's coming back. If you open this storage facility, you'll see that I'm right. And does your memory tell you about anyone or anything else? No. I mean, not so far. There must be someone in narcotics obviously. Did Hawkins say anything else? No. Who else did you tell about this? We came straight to you. And Hawkins' body, you just left it there? Yeah. All right. I need to send a team over there. We've got to secure the crime scene. No, no, you can't. Look, if captain kessel finds out Hawkins is dead, that's it. He'll move the drugs or-or get away. Hawkins... he's in his house. The door's locked. He's dead. He's not going anywhere. Tricia... I'm telling you, these bastards killed my wife. Believe me. Captain, we're gonna have to look into the storage facility eventually. Why not let me get a small team together and go check it out. Okay. Thank you. I don't know why you're thanking me. You'll be waiting in a holding cell, and if Bird doesn't come back with something better than your word against a dead cop's, I don't know how you're going to get out of there. We will. Mike... I don't know how you know what you know... But I damn sure hope you're right. Me, too. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 