Awake: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Awake 
 s1e6 - That's Not My Penguin - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Awake (2012): Season 1, Episode 6 - That's Not My Penguin - full transcript 
 The hospital psych wing is taken hostage by patient Gabriel Wyath III, who will only negotiate with detective Britten. Inside, he discovers the man has a dead man's switch just in time to prevent a fatal SWAT intervention. Gabe's only demand is to find his 'kidnapped' sister, his last kin and support, but she's dead. The psychiatrists feel the way Mike handles this is crucial to his own mental condition, even ignoring he now has delusions featuring a giant penguin. Trough his family-committed girl friend, Rex is made to realize he only has his father left to confide in now mother is dead and must meet the workaholic half-way. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Gabriel Wyath, 26. Engineering student... diagnosed about five years ago. Delusions began to grow increasingly vivid and violent, eventually requiring hospitalization. Gabe has successfully masked his issues for so long that by the time that anyone was aware of the extent of his problems, his delusions had convinced him to try and blow up a government building. So what are we looking for 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 when we make a diagnosis of schizophrenia? Steph? Well, many patients develop a routine to help them maintain the illusion of control. Double Americano. Extra shot. Skim milk. Extra hot. Thanks. Black coffee? Despite this, they outwardly exhibit disorganized or odd behavior. I don't think that's what I ordered. Which can lead to confusion 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and agitation. Where did you put the Alderman file? Who the hell is Alderman? See? Right where I said it was. They might suffer from coexisting sleep disorders, including insomnia. The majority of cases become unstable without medication. Good. The issue lies in what happens when a patient refuses treatment. Many will endure confusion, anger and risk harm to themselves and others, all in an effort to cling to things that only they see and understand. That's what makes these patients so dangerous. The delusions that drive them also convince them to try to hide the depth of their problems. Our challenge is to... try to find a way to help someone who doesn't want it. The risk lies in... the damage they can do if we fail. So tell me how this works. I'm awake with my wife, and I close me eyes, I open them... I'm awake with my son. And this has been happening since the accident? So you began working on one case here in reality, and then suddenly you begin working another case there, in your dream. It all feels completely real to me. You can't tell whether you're awake or asleep at this very moment? Well I can assure you, Detective Britten, this is not a dream. That's exactly what the other shrink said. AWAKE S01 Ep06 - That's Not My Penguin Sync and corrected by dr.jackson for www.addic7ed.com Dad, the school says they don't have the permission slip. You told me you turned it in. How am I not the account holder if my name is on the bill? N-No, don't put me... I gave it to the teacher, the guy with the... thing on his head... I'll call him. You can't call. They had to be cleared last week. And I'm sorry, I'll take you to museum myself... how's that? It's not about the museum. It's about the fact that now I have to spend the day in study hall because you didn't turn in a simple piece of paper. I'm telling you, I'm pretty sure I gave... the guy something, unless I gave him the phone bill. Well, no, no, no. I'm talking to my son. Don't, don't... Listen, how could it take you three days to switch the service back on when you have my money today? Hold on a second. Yeah? I'm on my way. Hello? Hello? All right. You ready to go? I told you yesterday, Cole's dad is taking me. - I'll text you when I'm out. - No, you won't. Your phone's not gonna be on for three days. What?! It's gonna be back on on Wednesday. The phone company messed up. I'm sorry. Vega. Those prints come back? You asking me, Detective? Mike, glad you could make it. Len's waiting on us; the prints came back. Really? They originally made it for the astronauts. I'm telling you, I sleep like the dead in this thing. I'm not spending half my pension on a mattress. Half? We're talking about an astronaut bed, man. I'm pretty sure I spent my whole pension and probably a little of yours. What? Well, first of all, there's coffee in it. Look, Len... I dropped the thing, okay? - No. There's also a ring missing. - What? Yeah, there's one... two-fingered brass knuckle ring, with the word "WILD" inscribed on the top. Look. No, no, no, no. See, I picked everything up and put it all back in here. I made sure. This is why I tell them not to let you guys take it out of the property room. Do me a favor... it's a ten-cent knockoff. It's got nothing to do with the crime. Could you do some... Lenny magic, make it disappear? Just don't do it again. Okay? - I owe you a large beer, my friend. - Y-You owe me a ring. Never should've got out of bed this morning. You know, I had that same feeling, but it's 'cause I was very comfortable. That astronaut bed... ooh. Come on... I wasn't the one who was too tired last night. Ouch. Just eight minutes of your precious time. Eight minutes? It takes me eight minutes to get these clothes on. Six. No. You're going the wrong direction. How about 12 minutes and a police escort? And that is my final offer. How about lunch? - Lunch? - Yeah. Sure. All right. But tomorrow we stay in bed all day. Deal? Deal. There was totally a sign there, and you blew right through it. There was no sign. - Let's go back. - I'm eating. Because you know it was a stop sign. No. When we get to the station, I'm gonna write you a ticket. All units, Code 3. Possible hostage situation. Vista Psychiatric Hospital. 11347 Vista Heights. Seven William 43 and 45, responding Code 3. Come on. It's okay. Come. What's up? Guy claims to have the whole place wired with explosives. He's got himself barricaded in there with about 15 other patients, doctors and nurses. We've set up a perimeter and already started evacuation. This is the head nurse in charge. He is a patient. His name's, uh, Gabriel Wyath. He just started screaming he was gonna blow the whole place up, and then he locked down the high-risk wing from the inside. You see these explosives? They look real to you? He's got a bunch of acetylene tanks with wires sticking out of them. Detective, - he's on the phone. - Who? The patient. He wants to talk to whoever's in charge. You're the senior officer. This is Detective Britten. Who am I talking to? It's Gabe. Okay. It's Gabe. You have to stop the noises. Stop the sirens. Okay? I can't hear my thoughts and I need to hear what I'm thinking or... Okay, Gabe. Hold on a second. I'll see what I can do. Let's have all units respond Code 2. Seven William 45, have all units respond Code 2. Hold on a second, Gabe. All right. How's that? Gabe, is that any better? Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. N-Now, which one are you? Raise your hand. That's me. Right here. You got me? I see you. You look okay. Thanks. All right, Gabe, listen. Here's what I need you to do: I need you to let all those people you're holding walk out of here. No! No! Don't, don't... Hold on. I tell you what I need. Okay? That's how this works. Okay? - That's how it works! Okay? - All right. All right, Gabe. I'm sorry. So, what do you need? I need you to bring me my sister. Okay? I know they have her. I know all about it. Okay? I-I just need to see her... talk to her. Okay? I-I just need to... to see her. All right, Gabe. Give me a little time and... Gabe? What did he say? He wants to see his sister. Christy. - You know where I can find her? - You can't. She was murdered about four years ago. Great. We estimate there are 25 hostages. He's got them locked behind these sally port doors, here. Here we go. Everyone, this is Dr. Lee. He's worked with the patient extensively. We're just trying to get a thumbnail of what we're dealing with here. Well, what we're dealing with is a very intelligent and very troubled individual. Gabe... was actually a rising star in a government research lab when his condition started to become apparent. He lived with his sister, Christy, until four years ago when she was murdered in a dispute with an ex-boyfriend. Gabe responded to her death by creating an elaborate conspiracy theory in which his sister was not murdered, but abducted by agents from the lab where he used to work. Despite our best efforts, he's... he's grown increasingly delusional. Doctor, bottom line: Is this a guy we're gonna be able to reason with? As long as he's allowing his actions to be dictated by things only he sees or hears, it's unlikely. Very well. This is a high security building. Apparently, Gabe has overtaken the command room. So, he can use all the measures designed to keep the patients in to keep us out. Realistically, we're looking at 12 to 14 hours to try a full breach. Our only immediate option is to try sniping him through the small western window. But if we're gonna get a clean shot, we're gonna have to maneuver him into position. The negotiator's trying to work out a trade to get one of our guys inside. See if we can't... - direct him. - He won't let anyone out, but he's agreed to let someone in that can help him find his sister. - We can work with that. - There's one complication. He's saying he will only take the officer who helped him with the noise. - Detective Britten. - Absolutely not. How else are you gonna take the shot? Once you're in, ease him toward the west side of the drinking fountain. That's where we've got the best shot. Excuse me. Honey. Babe. I know you're gonna think I'm crazy; what if we try that Lebanese place again? No, I can't. I know, but they say that the lamb's gotten so much better. No, no, I mean, a situation came up at work. I... I got to take a rain check. Okay, well, what about dinner? Dinner would be great. You know that I love you, right? Yeah, I love you, too, babe. I'll see you tonight, all right? See ya. ...not have been evacuated, which all over a dozen people that remain inside this building. Apparently, one officer has been admitted in and is attempting to reason with Wyath. no comment. We don't know what his demands are. No stranger though, this man, to this sort of violence, Wyath was arrested in late 2008 when he entered a municipal building with explosives strapped to his body. Shortly after this, he was transferred to the high-security wing of this facility... This is Detective Michael Britten. Please leave me a message, and I'll call you back as soon as I can. Vega. Efram... y-you're not at this hospital scene I'm watching on TV, right? Okay, listen to me... Where is he? Where's-where's-where's Michael? We had a situation, and he didn't want you to worry. My God. My God! Sh-Show me you're clean. I got nothing on me, Gabe. Just like you told me. Okay? So let's stay calm. Just sit down. What did they tell you? They told me to come in here and help you find your sister and bring her to see you. Did they tell you that I'm making it up? Because that's how they dismiss you. How they try to get rid of you. Yeah, they did. I'm not imagining things. My sister is real, and she's alive, and whatever they told you, she doesn't deserve this. She's the only one that ever understood. When they tried to split us up, take me away because they said that I was sick, that I wanted to hurt people, she wouldn't let them. She fought them, and instead of letting them haul me off to a place like this... ...she took me to one like this. She looks nice. She protected me. I let them take her. I should have protected her. And I didn't. But now I need, I need to get her. I need to get her back. And that, that's what makes me sick? Don't you think I would be crazy if I wasn't trying to save her? Yes. Look. Look at this. No! No, no, no! No! No! Okay. They think that I can't see through this? I mean, but it's practically obvious. Gabe, can I ask you something? What is that in your hand? I know you're there! This? Yeah. This is a dead man's switch. It's what triggers the bombs, Detective. I let go... boom. It's how I'm gonna keep them honest. As long as I don't let go, everything's fine. But if they try something... No! No! Excuse me. This is how we'll find her? This map? That's where Dr. Wilde has her. Dr. Wilde? Two-fingered brass knuckle ring with the word "WILD" inscribed on the top. He's holding her. He's got her in this secret underground location. They think that she's gonna talk about my research, but I keep telling them that she doesn't know anything. But they won't even admit that they have her. How can you reason with someone when-when they say that she's not even alive? Right. Will you shut up! I'm trying to tell him where Christy is! Shut up! Please. Shut up! Shut up! - I said, shut up! - No! No! No! No! Get away from the window! Sierra One, I have visual on suspect. You got a green light on the shot. Shut up! Let go! No, Gabe. Calm down. You tried to kill me! No, no, I'm trying to help you! The switch... I can pull the wire from the transceiver, and it's the same thing as letting go of the button! - Don't-don't do any... - Do you want me to do that?! - No, no, no. Okay, I'm not touching it. - Let go! Get away! Shh-shh-shh. Stand up! All right, let's just calm down, okay? Gabe? Turn around! Okay. I need you to stay calm, Gabe. If we're gonna try and help you... Shut up! I can't think! I can't have you causing this kind of trouble. All right, let's just slow everything down, okay, Gabe? Gabe! Let us out of here! Gabe! Gabe! No! Come over here and talk to me! Gabe, don't! That'll kill him! Gabe, don't do it! No, Gabe! It's me. That missing ring turn up? The one that said "WILD"? Sorry. Your dad didn't notice you carrying two bowls? I don't think he would have noticed if I'd had two heads. He's acting weird lately. Why? Why? I don't know. You don't ask? It's none of my business. Sure it is. He could be getting fired. Or, I don't know, he has a tumor. Or he could have an eating disorder. He doesn't have an eating disorder. No? How would you know if you don't ask? We just... don't talk about stuff like that. Would you know if your parents had an eating disorder? Totally. We practically tell each other everything. Yeah?... Where do they think you slept last night? In your bed. You're serious. Yeah. They practice progressive parenting. As long as I tell them the truth, they trust me. They must want to kill me. No. They'd be more mad at you if they found out you were giving me this. A lot of processed sugar. So you're allowed to sleep over at your boyfriend's, but you can't have Cap'n Crunch? Progressive parenting. See if the cleaning crew found the ring, will you? No need. Guy pled guilty this morning. Case closed. Really? You sure? Yeah. He took 18 months. After that, well, I'm sure he'll be a model citizen. There's something wrong there. We got to find the ring. Need to find it? Why? I mean, you said yourself it's not important to the case, okay? We got enough real work here. I don't need you out there hunting, looking around for cheap jewelry. Now, if you feel bad, you can send the guy a carton of cigarettes. Look, can you ask them to keep looking? Okay, look, I'll ask 'em, all right? Mike, you still there? Yeah. So when you coming in? No, I, I got to stop and see someone first. Tell me about psychiatric drugs, the kind you inject. Something that might cause hallucinations. An anesthetic like ketamine, for instance, could have that effect. Why? The last thing I remember before I woke up this morning, I got shot up with something... maybe ketamine. I don't understand how... There's this guy, a mental patient, he's taken some people hostage in a hospital, and I was sent in to diffuse the situation. He attacked me and injected me with something, and-and... You mean in your dreams. I don't know what's going on now. Are you experiencing hallucinations? No. This ring that you're missing, you said that it wasn't important to the case, and yet you feel compelled to find it. Why? The guy's looking for a after a Dr. Wilde, and the ring's got "WILD" inscribed on it. I see. And this psychiatric patient, what exactly is the nature of his illness? He's a schizophrenic. Would you say that you're frightened of him? He's got the building wired to explode, and I'm inside it, so... you know, so I'm a little bit frightened. What if I told you that that sounded like a positive step? I'd say that's not exactly how it feels. Through this missing ring, you have linked yourself with a schizophrenic, a man who's unable to distinguish fantasy from reality. But in this situation you've created, your own well-being depends on neutralizing him, on defeating him. And on some level, that means that you've acknowledged the danger presented when someone refuses to see things for what they are. You're saying I'm dreaming to tell myself to stop dreaming? I'm saying, right now, it's a missing ring, it's a permission slip, it's a phone bill. But what you're really afraid of is what all that might point to. You're having a nightmare about madness, Detective Britten, because somewhere inside, you fear that if you continue to deny the reality of your situation, this is where all that could end. What are you doing? You see a ring around the house? Like, a two-finger gold thing with the word "WILD" written across the top? No. Why? It's evidence; I got to find it. I'll let you know if I see anything. Rex! Get down here! Come here. Did you take the ring? I asked you a question. Did you take the ring? I, I... I didn't think anyone would notice. It's evidence in a murder trial, son. You can go to jail. I could lose my job. I figured it wasn't important. And that's a good enough reason to steal? I wanted to give it to my girlfriend. Your what? She likes that kind of stuff, and I can totally get it back. What girlfriend? You don't have a girlfriend. Yeah, I do. Since when? I don't know. A few months. No. You would have told me. You told me about the last one. The-the, the blonde one. I didn't. Mom did. Right. I know since she died, you want us to suddenly be, like, all cool, wher. But you're, you're still my dad. What does that mean? I don't know. We just... We just don't talk about stuff like that. So you were gonna, what, send me a wedding invitation? Look, your mother's not here. We don't have... your interpreter any more. It's just you and me. And if we want to make this work, we're gonna have to put some effort in. I'm-I'm doing my best. You got to do it, too. Okay? So, tell me something about her. She got a name? Emma. Emma. She worth stealing for, this Emma? I'm sorry. I'm supposed to see her tonight. If you want to get the ring back, you could, you know... meet her. Is it wrong that I still think it's romantic? Yeah... a little bit. But he's gonna get you something he has to actually pay for, right? Yes. You kids still wear those big clocks, right? I like him! Why haven't I met him before? Yeah, Rex, why not? I don't know. All right, that's enough torture for one night. You're not staying? No. I got what I came for. It's nice to meet you, Emma. It's nice to meet you. Okay. Sorry, that's the way we do it in my family. It's just, Rex and I are still at the, the high-five stage, but we're working on it. Just wait till you get home? Dr. Lee, what are you doing in here? They convinced Gabe to let me in. You got a pretty big dose of ketamine. You'll probably feel the residual effects until it wears off. You'll stabilize in a couple of hours. Easy. How is he? What's he doing? Well, he's been... What? What's going on?! What are they doing?! Yeah, they're coming in. They cut the power off. Means he can't control the doors or cameras. Who turned off the lights, Turn the lights on! Turn them on! Turn the lights on! What does that mean? It means SWAT's trying to find a way to come in here... and shoot a man who's wired to explode. Why won't they just bring her to me? Gabe, I need you to let me to make a phone call or they're gonna come in here. I won't let that happen. I can still stop them. Please? Look, you want answers to your questions, don't you? If they come in here and everybody dies, then you don't get any questions answered. So, please, let me make a call. Vega. Tell SWAT to stand down. Gabe has a dead man's switch. - Tell SWAT. - Stop! Stop! Let's break 'cause the guy's got a dead man's trigger. We shoot him, the whole place goes up. Stand down. Stand down. Everyone hold your position. For now. Okay, they're holding. What do we do? I-I need you to look into a couple of things. Gabe says his sister's being held by a Dr. Wilde. Is there anything on file? Dr. Wilde? I don't know. I'll check. And see what you can dig up on a trip he took with his sister just before she died. Trip? To where? To a beach or something. Okay. Thank you. All right, I'll see if I can find anything, and I'll get back to you. It's gonna take a little time. You know, sometimes I see her. Here, in my room or... she'll just be beside me walking down the hall. I know she's not... I-I know she's not really here, but it just feels so good to be around her again. They keep saying that-that I... see things that aren't there. But that's not my problem. You know what my problem is? No matter how hard I try, eventually, I stop seeing things that aren't there. That's why I had to do this. I don't want to imagine seeing Christy any more. I want it to be real. All right? Yeah? I've got no reference to Dr. Wilde anywhere. Not in the lab where he worked, not where he went to school, no one he's ever seen for treatment, nothing. The only reference to Wilde in the file at all is the Wild Rose Cemetery where Gabe's sister is buried. He's holding her. He's got her in this... secret underground location. I also don't have anything about a trip in '07. All the records say that at that point, he was in pretty heavy therapy and afraid to travel. All right. Keep looking. They're getting somewhere. Just need a little bit more time. Okay? Doesn't make sense. What? Vega says there's no way this guy took a trip in '07. Maybe that's not what it refers to. Maybe. Did he find out anything more about Dr. Wilde? No, Wilde's not the name of a doctor holding Christy underground, it's the name of the cemetery where she's buried. There's got to be something here. Detective Britten, this is a huge step. The fact that he's taken this detail and put it into his narrative, it demonstrates that, on some level, he remembers burying Christy in that cemetery. On some level, he knows that she's dead. If guided properly, we can help him to understand that there is no sister to bring to him. We can end this standoff. You want me to tell him his sister is dead? Isn't that exactly what you've been doing for years? It's different this time. It's not you telling him, it's him telling you. These glimpses of-of a healthy mind buried under layers of delusion and denial are rare. It's up to us to properly seize them, to guide him. I don't know. I don't think... What are you talking about? All right, look, Gabe... I wasn't completely honest with you before. I do have information about Christy. Do you know where she is? Since your wife's funeral. There's no world in which your son survived the accident. She escaped. Nobody was meant to know, because this place they were holding her underground was meant to be inescapable. Honestly, they thought it was impossible. But she did it. Christy got out. She beat them, Gabe. And-and she managed to leave a message for you. And Dr. Wilde, of course, was trying to keep the whole thing a secret. What did she say? She wanted you to know that she was okay, that she was free and happy, and she was never gonna let anyone catch her again. And she promised that someday, someplace, you will see her again. The last line just read... "I love you, Trip." She's okay. Yeah. She's okay. How did you know his sister called him Trip? I didn't. I saw it on the picture, and his name was Gabriel Wyath III, so I figured I'd give it a shot. I don't understand. Trip. As in triple. Nickname for third. So you had the opportunity to help this patient see the truth, but you chose instead to perpetuate his denial. Why? How would he be better off, thinking of his sister in the ground somewhere than-than thinking of her free, liberated, waiting for him? Explain to me what exactly is so great about seeing reality for what it is? You've more or less summed up the reason why every major religion has some version of an afterlife. You built a story about the costs of living with fantasies, and you allowed it to point you back to all the things that get lost in the shuffle between these worlds, like this relationship of your son's. But when you came face-to-face with the larger revelations, you backed down. You retreated into a-a scenario where you save the day, you play the hero, win the affection of the wife you've feared losing, and the approval of the therapist who's expressed doubts in you. Just like Gabe, you hold the keys that will tell you what's real and what's not. But for the moment, you're unwilling to turn them. What's that? My God, I remember this. You and Mom used to read this to me, like, every night. For years. Gabe didn't need to be forced into some kind of revelation for his story to turn out okay, so why are you so eager to do it to me? Detective Britten, you are comparing yourself to a schizophrenic whose delusions led him to be institutionalized. I'd strongly prefer if we find a way to help you before you get that far. Well, didn't you feel frightened? Frightened? Yeah, of course. Who wouldn't? Didn't you? Absolutely. But then, I wasn't inside like you. After I advised you on-on how to approach Gabe, they put me in this secured van, in case I could be useful. Dr. Lee? But as it turned out, you did fine without me. Are you all right? Yeah. I'm sorry, I feel a little... strange. It's probably the drugs wearing off. I think you're finally making some real progress. At this point, the best thing is probably for you to just... get some sleep. Sync and corrected by dr.jackson for www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 