Awake: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Awake 
 s1e4 - Kate Is Enough - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Awake (2012): Season 1, Episode 4 - Kate Is Enough - full transcript 
 While investigating an alleged suicide during an upscale yacht party with Detective Vega, Detective Britten runs into Rex's former babysitter Kate (guest star Brianna Brown). 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (Grunts) Hey, come on, guys! Come on! Hey! Hey, hey, get off him! (Grunts) (Crowd gasps) Cole: What's wrong with you? I'm so sorry. I didn't mean it. What the hell's going on? He used one of my rackets without asking and he broke it. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 So you tackle him? I already said I'd pay for it. You use my racket all the time. What's the big deal? Whoa, where do you think you're going? Principal's office. Isn't that where you were going to send me? (School bell rings) I said I'd apologize. What else do you want from me? I'd like to know what the hell happened out there. Rex: He broke my racket. That's an excuse. That's not an explanation. Look, this isn't like you. How do you know? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And if you think you're going to suspend me from the team, don't bother. I quit. No one wants to see you quit. - Rex. - What? Come on. Can we just go? (School bell rings) Evans: Now you understand that anger is a typical response for a child who's experienced something as tragic and unjust as losing a parent. Well, he's acting out in other ways. He's missing school. He's dropping grades. How are you handling that? Not well. I mean, I try and help and... He won't let me in. And, uh... (Sighs) I feel... What? ...helpless. Evans: Has it occurred to you that part of why you're finding it difficult to help your son is because you haven't truly accepted what he's experiencing. Of course I have. Do you believe your wife is dead, detective Britten? Evans: I wonder if this isn't why you're having such difficulty connecting with Rex. Now how can you expect to help your son through his loss when you're in denial over that same loss? Britten: Why's the media so interested in this? Well, yacht belongs to a couple of guys who own some tech firm up North. One of them is engaged to a famous lingerie model. She and her model friends were on board when the victim drowned. Paparazzi hear someone died next to a celebrity, this is what you get. Vega: She friends with whoever was famous? Bryce: No, her names Annie Yang. She worked for one of the guys who owned the boat. They were a couple Miles offshore partying, doing 17 knots when she jumped from a stateroom. Couple crew went in after her but, uh, she was dead by the time they hauled her in. Anyone see her go over? No, all anyone saw was when she actually hit the water. How many are we talking about, and why are they getting off the boat? Almost a hundred, but we're holding them all at the end of the dock for you. A hundred witnesses who didn't witness what may or may not be an actual crime. This is shaping up to be a great night. Lee: So tell me how this works. Britten: I'm awake with my wife, and I close my eyes, I open them, I'm awake with my son. And this has been happening since the accident? Lee: So you begin working on one case here in reality, and then suddenly you begin working another case there in your dream. Britten: It all feels completely real to me. Lee: You can't tell whether you're awake or asleep at this very moment? Evans: Well, I can assure you, detective Britten, this is not a dream. That's exactly what the other shrink said. AWAKE S01 Ep04 - Kate Is Enough Sync and corrected by dr.jackson for www.addic7ed.com All right guys,  give me some space, please. Thank you. Oh. Wow. Ugh. Looks like she had trouble keeping everything down. Guess this is where she went over. Yeah, they said the gate was opened when they came up. Vega: What? The handle's clean. Okay. She opens the gate, but she doesn't leave any kind of print? Not even a smudge? Well, maybe she bumped into it. Maybe she... she didn't mean to commit suicide after all. She was was wasted. You know, hit it. Went in. Yeah, or maybe somebody opened it for her, and wiped it down afterwards. Isn't that a reach? Detectives, we got the guys who own the boat. We've taken their statements, but if you have a few minutes to sit, they'd like to talk to you. Bryce: Gentleman, detectives Britten and Vega. I'm Cameron Fuller. Darin, Darin Knox. Uh, Ms. Yang worked for you, right? Not me. Annie was my assistant. We were also sleeping together. Except he neglected to mention that to the officer who interviewed him, so I told him, he better tell you. Why didn't you mention it? I was ashamed, okay? You're the one that's engaged to this celebrity? Yeah, that's correct. Britten: So, what happened? I told Annie this morning that... That we need to end things. And, uh, she seemed okay. But tonight after she'd been drinking, it was pretty obvious that she wasn't. What was she doing? Embarrassing herself. She was all over camera. I told him to take her to a stateroom and put her to bed, where she made it worse. And was that difficult? Did she resist? No. The opposite, actually. She thought I wanted to sleep with her. Uh-huh. I told her that I couldn't and we argued for a bit, but she was so drunk. When I left, she was asleep. So, I thought she'd be fine. And where were you when she went overboard? I was on the deck with Monique. That's...? My fiancée. And about 20 other people. And I was talking to some investors when... I wanted to jump in after her. I did, but the crew... they asked us to let them handle it. Yeah. She said she couldn't live without me. And I just thought she was being dramatic, you know? I never imagined... I shouldn't have left her alone. Look, this is a... Terrible situation and obviously something we'd prefer to keep quiet. I know you guys have a job to do, but if there's any way you can, (sighs) limit who you tell. We're a growing company, but we're a young company, and, uh, bad publicity is something we just can't afford. Well, we will be as, uh, discreet as we can be. But thank you for coming forward. I want to see the toxicology report. Mr. Britten! (Woman chuckles) - Kate? - Yes! (Chuckles) Hi. Hey. Hi. What are you doing here? I was here for the party until, you know. You work for the company? No, no. I live in New York now. I'm an investment banker. We, uh, funded these guys. - Mm-hmm. - Wow. I know. Long way from being (Chuckles) Rex's babysitter, right? I'm so sorry. I... I was out of the country when it happened. I meant to call. I just felt... sure. We hadn't seen each other in so long, I felt weird. It's okay. Look, I don't suppose you know how long they're going to keep us. I mean, I'd be happy to help if I saw anything, but I wasn't even outside. I was coming out of the bathroom when I heard. What happened there? Oh, that's actually how I heard. Darin, one of the guys who owns the company... yeah. He was totally freaked. He was running down the hallway, yelling that someone had jumped and slammed into me and spilled his wine. I've had a long day. I'd just love to go back to my hotel. Sure. Well, let me, uh, let me ask a couple of questions, see what the situation is, and I promise I'll try and get you out of here as soon as I can, okay? - (Laughs): All right, thank you. - All right. (Laughs) Bye. Um, aren't you gonna introduce me? - Absolutely not. Don't even turn around. - But she looks... - She's a babysitter... - Don't even turn your head. Bird: Name's Charlie Simmons. He had quite a reputation as a professional partier... Drugs, girls, full-time fun. Depends on your idea of fun, I suppose. Can you give us a minute, please. Neighbor said he heard something that sounded like a gunshot, but figured it was just another one of Charlie's parties, so he didn't call it in. Housekeeper came in this morning and found him as such. Look like he's been pretty much executed. - Hey, check out the fingers.  - Ooh. He's not gonna be playing the ukulele in heaven. Bird: Charlie definitely had a rough night. Come on. Let me show you why. Bird: So they tied him up, go after a couple of fingers, get the combination, take whatever's in there out, and decide they don't need a witness. - We have any idea what was in there? - Nope. S.I.D.'s gonna get back to us. Well, it's behind a panel. Maybe they knew it was here. So let's start figuring out which of Charlie's friends was close enough - to know he had a safe. - Ooh. That's gonna take a while. Charlie had a lot of friends. Hey, look at this. See the handle on the safe? - It's all marked up. - Yeah. I'm saying, before they got the combination from Charlie, this idiot thought they could hammer their way in. We're not looking for a genius. I can narrow it down even more. Alarm company says that Charlie set the alarm that night, but it was shut off 20 minutes before the murder by someone who entered a guest code. So Charlie knew his killer? - Likely. - All right. Let's find out how many people had guest codes. I know of one so far. It was a shame. I mean, he could be such a nice man... When he was himself. And when he wasn't himself? Well, it was the drugs. They made him angry. Did he ever take that out on you? No. Actually, the parties worked out okay for me. Mr. Simmons would feel so guilty about the state the house was in, he paid me extra when I came to clean. Where were you Saturday night? Playing bingo. Till what time? Like, around midnight. I was with my niece. She won $200. Nice. We'll gonna need to speak to her. Okay. Of course. This is the, uh, code you use for the alarm to get into the house when you're cleaning it for Mr. Simmons? Yes. Do you know who else had access to it? His stepbrother, Mark. Now he would stay sometimes and watch the house when Charlie was out of town, but, um, well, they haven't talked in a long time, so I don't know if he still had the code or not. Why not? Why aren't they talking? Something to do with Charlie's father dying, I think. Anybody else you can think of? Girlfriends, ex-girlfriends? Amber. Amber? They were not good together. Where would we find this Amber? She's some kind of actress. Lives in Hollywood. (Dogs barking) Here it is. (Knocking) Amber Blue? Kate? Kate? Uh, what do you want? We're with the LAPD. We need to ask you some questions. What for? Kate... it's me. It's Michael Britten. You used to babysit my son Rex. When did this happened? We found him yesterday. It wasn't an OD? No. He was murdered. What about you and Mr. Simmons? How did you meet? We met at a party. Uh, he said he liked my work in some film. It was a terrible film, but I think he actually meant it. And, um, we started dating or something. Or something? Guys like Charlie... They're just sort of looking for younger girls to have around. They take care of you, buy you nice things. He let me move in. (Clears throat) When was this? A little under a year. But he cut me loose about a month ago. What happened? He went to rehab. He dropped out after a week, but that was it. Not that I blame him. I mean, we were both a mess by the end. All we did was get high together. And what have you been doing since? Well, I've been looking for work. I signed with a new agent, and he's got some things lined up. Where were you on Saturday night? Kate? Kate... Where were you on Saturday night? Uh... in the ER. I passed out in a club. The cops didn't know what to do with me, so they took me to the hospital. Let me sleep it off. (Sighs) I have the discharge papers if you want them. That would be great. - Sure. - Okay. Hold on. What can you tell me about Mr. Simmons' stepbrother Mark? Not much. He's some, uh... Rocky wannabe. Always in training or something. They weren't speaking when Charlie and I started hanging out. Uh, he came over once with some papers Charlie had to sign. He didn't like me very much. Why is that? He thought I was part of Charlie's problems. Kate, what are you using? Nothing. Right now. I know a really good program and I know the people there pretty well. Why don't you let me help you get you in there. Believe it or not, I was doing just fine 20 minutes ago when I'd forgotten you existed. I don't need your help, Mr. Britten. I just need you to leave. Lee: Seeing this woman Kate in reality, and then dreaming about her where her life has unraveled, what comes to mind? I don't know. Things... Well, things are, obviously, they're different. You've created different versions of everything in order to protect yourself from the discovery that this is reality. The fact that this Kate person shows up in the world in which you see Rex proves that that's a dream. How? Would you have dreamt of running into someone you haven't seen for ten years, and then the very next day she just happens to show up in reality? Isn't it far more reasonable that you ran into her here in reality first, on the boat, and then your mind carried her over into your dream? Evans: You said that Kate was Charlie's girlfriend, right? Yeah. So I'm willing to bet that there's something in the house, a-a picture, some mail, something that you subconsciously noted that drew Kate to your mind, and you called her to life in your dream. Lee: That picture isn't real. You went back and placed it in your dream to try to continue to spin endlessly on the question of where Kate appeared first. Every time the answers become clear, you try to find ways to cover them up. Evans: I think what's more relevant to the question of which Kate is real, is why you're seeing her in one world and reflecting her so differently in the other. I don't know. It's not like she's... Well, either of them aren't particularly central to either case. Well, is it possible that these diverging Kates have less to do with the cases you're working on, and more to do with Rex? Rex? Yeah, think about it. Kate was someone who used to take care of Rex. Maybe her appearance in both worlds is telling you something about the difficulty you're having connecting with Rex. Guess who I ran into yesterday. - Who? - Kate. - Babysitter Kate? - Yeah. She was, like, the Rex whisperer. He loved her. He did, didn't he? If Rex had a tantrum or he was moody, she would make this amazing paper airplane. It could, like, stay in the air for five minutes. Rex would stand there and watch it make these wide, lazy loops, and forget anything that was bothering him. I'm pretty sure I put one in his scrapbook. Where did you run into Kate? I took her statement. She was, she was at a party where something happened. I always wondered what happened to Kate. I think she did good. She's some big cheese investment banker in New York now. Good for her. Yeah. I'd heard she struggled with loss of her sister. Her sister died? Yeah. I told you that when it happened. It was awful. It was some freak surfing accident in Mexico. Wow. I completely forgot. Yeah, she went through a really rough time. Huh. Something must have really turned her around. She's like the Rex whisperer. She would make this amazing paper airplane. It could, like, stay in the air for five minutes. I'm pretty sure i put one in his scrapbook. What are you doing? You don't remember this? These little planes... You used to make 'em with Kate. Found it in the scrapbook. Kate? Your babysitter Kate. You remember her? Kind of. Not really. I was, like, five. I talked to Cole's parents last night. They called you? No, I called them. It's been two days, and you haven't apologized to Cole. I will. When? Soon. Soon isn't good enough. Dad, I have a Spanish test first period, and you've been telling me to get my grade up. Can we not do this now? (Door closes) Charlie and I we're never been close. But we did okay until his dad Ben died, my stepdad. Ben and I... We just clicked. He and my mother... they got divorced about five years ago so it wasn't like he had to hang out with me. We just got close. And what happened after he died? I've been trying to get into UFC fighting, for a few years, and Ben's been staking me. He was paying for my trainers, giving me an allowance to live on so I could focus on the fighting. But when he died, Charlie got everything. He just couldn't wait to cut me off. You two have words about that? I went down to him, I said, "look, this is what Ben and I were into." Maybe you and I get something going." He laughed at me. I figured, all right, it's his call. When I started seeing where all Ben's money was going, to the big parties with the hookers and the drugs... Meanwhile, I'm struggling to get a job so I can stay in my apartment. So I sued him. How did that go? Got dropped. I had a decent attorney file the papers, but I couldn't afford him after that, and... After a while, I just gave up and moved on. When was all this? Maybe two months ago. Saturday night... Where were you? I was here training. I had a match early the next morning. Why? Can anybody confirm that you were here? No. I was here training by myself. All right, thanks. That was the D.A. Just went through the father's will. Victim was next in line. In the event that anything happened to him, guess where the assets go. To Mr. MMA himself, Mark Hudson. Exactly. So he kills his stepbrother, tries to make it look like an amateur robbery, hence the hammer marks on the safe handle, and he's all set. We go search his place? He's got a brain in his head, then he's gotten rid of the gun by now. If we find a fingerprint or a fiber at the house, he'll say it's from a previous visit. So how do we put him in Charlie's house on Saturday night? The old-fashioned way: We go play detective. ♪ So how's it going with Rex? I don't know. I can't get a word out of him. Can't even get an opening. Don't you find that ironic? I mean, here you are, this big-time detective, you can get killers to turn, but you can't get two words from your own kid? Man: What is it? We're with the LAPD. We'd like to ask you some questions about an incident at your neighbor's, Charlie Simmons. I already told the officers I didn't hear or see anything unusual. Uh, we're following up on information about a particular individual and a vehicle that we think may have been in the neighborhood that night. If we could have a couple of minutes, please, sir. Hold the pictures up for the camera. I can tell you in two seconds. There you go. Nope. Sorry. Didn't see either. Is that it? Think that thing can see the street from here? Yeah. Sir, is your camera linked to any kind of recording device? Yeah. Why? Open up please or we'll get a warrant. Your security system just became evidence in a murder investigation. Hey, sleepyhead. Hey. I was gonna let you sleep in, but Efram's on the phone. He said you'd want me to wake you up. Thanks. I'm making French toast. Hey. What's up? Banks called. Said he got the blood work back on our jumper. Thought we could meet over there. All right. I'll call you when I'm on my way. All right. Banks: We found a pretty large amount of a benzodiazepine in her blood, along with the alcohol. Probably something like alprazolam. Medical records show she had a prescription. So Cameron tells her the affair is off. Because? Because he realized he's engaged to a lingerie model. She gets drunk, eats a bottle of her pills and jumps in the ocean. Sounds pretty suicidal to me. Banks: Yeah, well, with everything floating through her system, my guess is she would've been sluggish enough to drown in a kiddie pool. So, we're calling it? We recovered her phone, right? It was in her purse? Yeah. We went through it, but nothing jumped out. Let's go through it again. Why? Because something should've jumped out. Great. Thanks. I-I'll call you if I have any more questions. No, no, you were very helpful. So that was the last of Annie Yang's five most contacted friends according to her phone records, and not one of them had any indication from her she was having an affair with Cameron Fuller. Well, having an affair with your boss isn't exactly something you advertise. I mean, it's supposed to be kept a secret. Yeah, well, apparently she kept it a secret from herself, 'cause I've read all the texts to Fuller, all the texts from Fuller; There's nothing other than completely professional communication. Maybe she erased the juicy ones. Everyone knows texting is how you get caught. Everyone? Everyone my age. Why would Fuller make it up? When you see the papers, his fiancée's dumping him over the affair. Lie to the cops and ruin his life? Maybe to give us a reason why she might have jumped and stop us looking for a reason why she might have been pushed. There's a totally obvious reason why she would have jumped and no evidence that she didn't, but you're not ready to make the call. All right, well, if you're so sure it's an open-and-shut case, why don't you stay here and erase some of your juicy texts? Where are you going? I'm going to Annie Yang's apartment. Britten: Vega. - Vega: Yo. - Anything? There are some pictures of Annie and Fuller. Together? No, just some group shots from work. Uh-huh. Anything else... e-mails? They all look professional, but for all we kw they could have set up dummy e-mail accounts or deleted everything as soon as they got it. Sure. I'm telling you, I've seen people do some serious stuff to hide an affair. Look, you're the senior detective and I'm the rookie, but we've been here for hours and we've torn this place apart. Not only do we not have anything, we don't even know what we're looking for. So don't take this the wrong way, but how much longer do we do this? (Sighs) Just give me a minute. Where are you going? What are you looking for? I have no idea. Men's shaving cream. Well, there's your evidence she was sleeping with someone. (Can rattles) (Sighs) A safety deposit key. All right. Let's get another warrant. Hmm. What is it? It's some kind of research document. The real question is, why does a personal assistant have company documents in a safety deposit box, and why does she feel the need to hide the key in a can of shaving cream? I don't know, but I'd still like to know what made you look under that sink. When you've been doing the job as long as I have, sometimes you just have to follow your instincts. All right, let's get this stuff to Len, see if he can make head or tail of it. All right, thanks. He says they're materials research papers. Why would she tuck them away? Apparently the company found some way to manufacture silicon chips at a fraction of the normal cost, and all the funds they've raised over the past year were to get this off the ground. These papers show it wasn't working. So I'm guessing she confronted her boss... lover... Fuller... And asked him why he was hiding this from the investors, and suddenly he's got a reason to toss her overboard or make it look like she jumped. Except Fuller was in front of 20 people on the deck of the boat when she went over, so... Well, the research papers weren't just bad for him. They were bad for the whole company. Okay. So he had help. Do you recognize that woman? She's one of our bankers... Kate something. Kate Porter? Right. She says that seconds after Ms. Yang went overboard, you bumped into her in the corridor, spilled a drink on her dress. That ring a bell? I-I don't know. I mean, I-I remember yelling, someone had jumped. I was panicked. Do you remember what the drink was? No, I-I honestly don't. Because we had the, the stain tested. It was red wine. With traces of a benzodiazepine called alprazolam. Britten: Which is exactly what the toxicology report said was found in Ms. Yang's system when they fished her out of the water. Even if you could prove my client was carrying that drink, so what? He could have picked it up anywhere. Even if you could prove he gave it to her, he could have been trying to calm her down. Right, that sounds likely. Doesn't it? I got your partner in the other room, and he knows what you did up in that stateroom. Well, he was part of making up the whole story with you and, uh, putting on that wonderful performance on the night. If you think that he's going to keep quiet, take the rap rather than save himself, then you keep hiding behind this slick-talking young man here, but if you want to trade the truth for any kind of leniency... Darin, now is your time. Here's what I can do. I can tell the D.A. you cooperated. That could change your life. But it's up to you. You help us close this case, tell the truth, tell us what we need to hear, and maybe you might end up in a minimum security facility. I liked her. I did. She was with me from the start. She believed in me. When she found out about the research results, she just said we should come forward. She wasn't threatening anyone. I told Darin, and he... Look, you have to understand, he's been my partner since college, okay? I just had some ideas. He turned them into a business. Settled all the problems. Like Annie? Yeah. He talked to her the morning of the boat party, and he offered her money, but she wouldn't take it. So... He came up with the boat idea and... And the affair story. Who came up with the drugs? He did. And then who gave them to her? - You? - No. No, I... Darin. (Sniffles) We combed the security footage on the block for the six hours before and after the murder. - Mark Hudson's truck? - Yeah? Never showed up. But I did find a car that I thought just didn't look right in the neighborhood. Well, people who live in these big homes, they hire a lot of help. Except the timing in and out of the neighborhood matches the murder exactly. Did we run the plate? Yeah, belongs to a Katherine Porter. Kate. I told you, I was in the ER. Until 9:00. Charlie Simmons was murdered two hours later. Well, I went home after that. I can't believe you think... Mr. Britten, tell him that I didn't do this, please. You're telling me you didn't go to Charlie's house that night? - No. - You're sure about that? I think I know where I was. Okay. Then help me out here. 'Cause that must be your car driving itself. Please, Mr. Britten. I used to take care of Rex. You know me. I do know you. And that's why... I don't want you to make this any harder on yourself than it already is. Hey, if you tell the truth, I promise you I will do whatever I can to help you. Okay? Kate? It wasn't supposed to happen like this. Liam was just going to... He was just supposed to take the money. Who's Liam? (Sighs) Liam Tell. He's some guy I know who knows some other guys. What kind of guys? Is he a dealer? I was broke, and I hadn't had a hit in like a week, and I... I thought I was losing my mind, and I knew that Charlie kept a lot of cash in his house, so I gave... I gave Liam the alarm code. But I swear, he said he was just going to go in and scare Charlie... And get him to open the safe. This wasn't supposed to happen. I'm so sorry. (Camera shutter snapping) You said that Kate lost her sister, yes? This way. Britten: Yeah. She drowned. Lee: And from that one loss, you've imagined her life going in two very different directions. Thank you. What do you make of that? It's like everything else. Things are different, but... Equally plausible. So, if you find it just as realistic that a tragedy can strengthen someone or destroy them, what I'm wondering is what you think makes it go in one direction or the other. Britten: How did it come to this? I don't know. For a long time, I couldn't stop thinking about that day. There was a big storm, big waves. We both grabbed our boards and rushed to get into it. Uh... (Sighs) But when we got there... My sister got nervous and said that maybe we should sit it out. But I talked her into it. The waves were horrible. The riptides were vicious. We both... fell. We lost track of each other and... That was it. And for a long time, I was so angry at myself and at the world. I didn't see the point in anything. (Sighs) And it's not like people didn't want to help. It's just that when a thing like that happens, you don't know how to let them. I skipped work. I didn't talk to my friends. My mom kept trying to get me back out there, telling me it would make me feel better. But I kept telling her that that was the point. I didn't want to feel any better. Eventually, she just let me be. After that, I started finding my own ways to deal with the pain. She just wouldn't let me be. I don't know how my mom did it. I mean, she was just as sad and hurt as I was. Somehow she had the strength to not only stay on her feet, but to get me back on mine. And she must have tried a thousand times to get me back into my life, and I just kept saying no. I guess I'm lucky that she was willing to try a thousand and one. We have to talk about what happened. Again? Well, you haven't really told me anything. Not really. Cole broke my racquet. I got mad. End of story. He broke a couple of strings. Come on. Why would you go after him like that? He's your best friend. Forget it. Doesn't matter. It does matter. It matters to me. Look. Hey. I know you're going through a lot. I know it isn't easy for you. I get that. Now, I don't expect you to tell me every little thing that's going through your head, but you have to talk to me because I'm all you've got. And I'm not going anywhere. I'm right here. I'm your father, and I love you. Cole shouldn't have used my racquet. He says he'll fix it. - He can't fix it. - Why not? Because it was mom's. I never used it; I just... I liked to keep it in my bag. Made me feel... like something. Now it's gone. Well, he didn't know. I know. I know that. He wants to be nice. Everybody wants to be nice. But I can't help it, okay? I think about mom... And I just get angry all over again. Well... You know, it's okay to be angry. I get pretty angry, too, sometimes. (Chattering) ♪ Sync and corrected by dr.jackson for www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 