Awake: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Awake 
 s1e9 - Game Day - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Awake (2012): Season 1, Episode 9 - Game Day - full transcript 
 In both of Michael's realities, an L.A. university plays a football game against a Seattle rival: one team wins in one, the other team in the other. In the world with his wife, the movers are coming soon. Right after the football game, a belligerent young man rooting for Seattle is found murdered; his younger brother identifies the body and helps Michael find a suspect. In Michael's world with his son, someone torches the dry cleaning shop of a gambler heavily in debt; a woman dies in the fire. Michael suspects the gambler first then his bookie. Michael's son wants the truth from his girlfriend. One world illuminates the other. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Subtitles downloaded from Podnapisi.NET and we want things to go as trouble free as is possible. I want check-points at all the major intersections around the stadium. And extra patrols at potential hot-spots. If you see anything, step in, making nothing before it has a chance to become something. History is an indicator, these bowl games, they get pretty unruly. There's small space, huge crowd, an ocean of alcohol, and some die-hard out-of-town fans who have come a long way to root for their team. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 L'Jacks. L'Jacks. Yeah, okay. L'Jacks stink, dude! Hey, who threw the ball? Huh?! Come on, you big bulldogs, throw it in my face! Rob, can we just go inside, man? Hey, what'd I say about being a puss?! You got to stand up to these people. Who threw it?! Seattle sucks! Huh?! Who wants to diss Seattle to my face?! Whatever. Your job is to make sure the only thing 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 newsworthy about this game is the score. You heard me... A hundred on Seattle. Man (Over phone) You sure you can cover it, John? Something happens to your other arm, you won't be able to run your business. Don't worry. I've been following this one. This one's good. I've got you down for Seattle, minus one. Hundred thousand. Whatever happens, John, I better not have to come looking for you. Just make the bet. (Phone beeps off) You're kidding me. You're actually going? Of course. It's a huge game. Yup. But, uh... Oh, wait, you find it so unbelievable that I'm a sports fan? (Chuckles) Oh, certainly I'll be watching. The pageantry, the struggle, the victory and defeat. A sport is a link to our tribal past. I'm surprised you're not more interested. For me, every game could go either way. So, it's kind of hard to... Keep track or care any more. Announcer (On TV): And here we are in the forth quarter, ten seconds left on the clock. The kicker's lining up, the ball is in motion. (Men cheering) The kick is no good! Los Angeles has won! (Announcer continues indistinctly, all cheering) Announcer: Los Angeles has won the game come on, Britten! With just ten seconds left. Come on! Announcer: ...An easy kick. L.A. wins over Seattle. What an excit... (Cheering continues) Announcer (Over TV): And here we are in the fourth quarter, ten seconds left on the clock. The kicker is lining up, and the kick sails right through the uprights. Seattle has pulled out the victory over Los Angeles. Yes! Huh?! ...stunned Los Angeles team... Britten: In one world, the field goal misses by inches, in the other, it's good. - Bulldogs suck! Yeah, you. - That's right. It all just feels so arbitrary. Oh, I'll remember you. Is everything okay? Yes, fine. Frankly, now that I can see how easily it can go either way, I wonder why we get so wrapped up in it to start with. (Indistinct radio transmission) I mean, when you really think about it, does it ever really matter who wins or loses? Lee: So tell me how this works. Britten: I'm awake with my wife, and I close my eyes, I open them, I'm awake with my son. And this has been happening since the accident? Lee: So you begin working on one case here in reality, and then suddenly you begin working another case there in your dream. Britten: It all feels completely real to me. Lee: You can't tell whether you're awake or asleep at this very moment? Evans: Well, I can assure you, Detective Britten, this is not a dream. That's exactly what the other shrink said. AWAKE S01 Ep09 - Game Day Sync and corrected by dr.jackson for www.addic7ed.com When was the last time when you saw your brother? What? - Your brother. - Uh, um... Uh, just bef... just before I went to go get the car. Um, we parked far away and, you know, and, um, with the cast Rob was so slow, and so... You know, I left him at the entrance. When I came back, he wasn't there, you know. I looked for like a half hour or so and... Then I called security and, uh, and, uh... Yeah, I-I... I guess I shouldn't be that surprised. What does that mean? Rob, you know, he's... He's always getting into fights, especially after a few beers. (Chuckles) I mean, he didn't listen to anyone. And who did he get into it with today? (Chuckles) I don't... everybody. I mean, you know, he spent just as much time screaming at the people in the stands as he did the players on the field. Still, I never imagined, uh... Where were you guys sitting? Um... G20. - Can I keep that? - Yeah. All right, we're going to pull together some of people who were sitting around you, might have gotten into it with Rob. You think you'd be able to identify them? I don't know. Like I said, you know, it wasn't like one particular guy. Rob was sort of a walking brawl. We have to start somewhere. So we'll arrange accommodations for you for the next couple of nights. Then when we have something for you to look at, we'll call you in, is that all right? All right, officer Harbin will take care you. Officer? Thank you very much. Bird: You really have to piss somebody off to get them to cave in half your skull. Sounds like he specialized in pissing people off. Wonder what broke his leg. Britten: Hey, look at this. Look at the green on his ear. Somebody left some decoration. - Home team colors. - Bird: Great. (Music playing) (Lowers volume) Rex, come on. I got dinner downstairs. Rex, come on. Let's go. I'm not hungry. I know you don't want to hear this right now but you have to trust me. There will be other girls. Who said this was about a girl? Nobody lies in bed all day listening to depressing music because they have a stomach cramp. I'm a Detective. I know when people are lying. Then why'd you let me stay home? I've wanted the occasional day in bed myself. But you get one free pass and this is it. Tomorrow morning, you're back at school on time. You understand? All right, move over. All right, you want to talk about it? What? What, I don't know, whatever happened with Emma. I think I just need some more time to myself. Okay. I got to go to work for a few hours anyway. So there's food on the counter if you need it. Hang in there, kiddo. It's going to be okay. I'll see you later. (Music stops) (Phone line ringing) Emma: Hey, it's Emma. Leave me a message. (Beep) Emma... Come on. Just call me back, text me, something. Woman: This place went up really quickly. The dry cleaning chemicals are very flammable. Victim appears to have died of smoke inhalation. Got her name... Sabina Fernandez. Her neighbor said, uh, she worked here. Britten: So we don't think she could have started this fire? No, it was definitely arson. Someone played with the fuse box, tried to make it look like a short. We recovered a piece of plastic tubing that contained some sort of accelerant. We'll run a chemical analysis, let you know if we find anything that might tell us where it came from. All right. Thanks. Vega: So what's our next move? Uh, well, you tell me. Well, uh, we check the streets for security cameras, ATMs, any video from the time of the fire. Yeah, and then? Well, then we interview the victim's family and friends, see if anyone wanted to hurt her. Like boyfriends, husbands... Come on, she's living alone in the back of a cleaners. If you wanted to kill someone like this, you go to the trouble of setting a fake electrical fire? She's not the target. She's just unlucky. So, an insurance job? Sometimes, if it looks like a duck and it quacks like a duck, it's the guy with the big knife. - The owner. - Yeah. What do we have here? There's a possible reason why. What do you see here? A lot of red numbers. They're bets. Look, it's a ledger. And you don't write things down in red when you're winning. How much do you think he owes? I don't know. Hello. Look that this. Last bet, Seattle over L.A., 100 grand. Well, if he would have bet on L.A., she'd still be alive and we'd both still be home right now. I don't know. I have a feeling which ever way the game went, we'd still be working a case somewhere. So, uh, you haven't said anything, and I haven't brought it up. The calendar says that your last day is coming up soon. That's when the movers are coming. I'll be around; I'll close this case out. And then what? You're just gonna pack up your desk and go? And leave without saying good-bye? I'm not huge on good-byes. So what if me and some of the guys put something together? What do mean, "put something together"? (Doorbell ringing) Well, after all the time you spent on the job, the least we can do is take over a bar, give you a proper send-off. Maybe. Is that like a "yes" maybe or...? Sure, fine. Good evening. Detective Britten and Detective Vega. LAPD. We're looking for John Koh. Sabina was part of our family. She worked for us for the last seven years. She opened the store every morning. She was always the last one to leave. But she never gave you any indication that she was staying at the property? No, she... She was a private person. Mrs. Koh, could we have a few minutes alone with your husband, please? We'll be taking a statement from you, too. Thank you. How do you think this could've happened? (Sighs) I... caught some neighborhood kids vandalizing the store once. Had to call the police on them. You think they would have done this on purpose? No, I suppose not. Huh? Are you insured? Yes, of course. For how much? Uh... a million. You recognize that ledger, Mr. Koh? How much did you owe? How much does he owe, Detective? $487,000. That's also a lot of money. - Detectives, I'm telling you... - Britten: Well, I'm telling you: Miss Fernandez's death makes this a felony murder case. And we know the fire was no accident. Now, here's what I think happened. I think you got yourself in trouble, you dug yourself a deeper and deeper hole and you panicked. You had no idea miss Fernandez was living there, and you went for the insurance money. No, I swear to you, I had... nothing to do with this. Look. I'll take a lie detector test. All right? If that, if that's what you need. - Oh, we can arrange that. - All right, good. I'll do whatever it takes to prove to you that I didn't do this. Let's assume for a second that you're telling the truth. Somebody wanted that insurance money. So who do you owe? I can't. You're scared? Can you imagine how scared Sabina was trapped inside a burning building she couldn't escape from? This person you described as a family member. Now, let me ask you again. Who do you owe? - Solomon Kang? - Yeah. What is this? We have a warrant to search your premise in connection with the fire at Koh's Imperial Cleaners. Don't know nothing about that. - Do you have any weapons on you? - No. Mind if we pat you down? (Sighs) You got the wrong guy. Yeah. The guy who did this left traces of an accelerant. Turned out to be nitromethane, which is a fuel used for tuner cars. Well, you knew that 'cause you manufacture it right here. Come on, man, I sell that stuff to anyone who comes in here. You arrest me, you might as well arrest everyone with a souped-up ricer in L.A. County. I don't think that they all take bets from John Koh and I'm sure that they did not break his arm. Look, I'm telling you, I didn't torch his place. It's not my style. Look, we're talking about reasonable doubt. Unless you put him on the scene, we don't have enough to make the case stick. For all you know, he didn't actually do it himself. He may have sent one of his guys. Well, what do we do with him now? Well, then we'll file for the illegal gambling. While we hold him we'll see what we can find. Don't get more, it'll get plead down to a misdemeanor. Vega: Yeah, but the fuel from his shop started the fire. Now the lab says the chemical signatures are identical. It's practically a fingerprint. But Kang told us a lot of people had access to the fuel. Figure out how it got from point a to point B. Until then... You caught a bookie not a murderer. - Thanks, Marco. - Yeah. Let's pull the tapes from the store up the street from the cleaners. Um, but there's no angle on the cleaners. - It's just traffic going by. - Yeah. That's what I want to see. Why? Kang's got a tuner car place, right? Blends his own fuel. What do you think his boys drive, Buicks? There. That one. That's about the right time frame. Yeah. All right. Can we get a plate on it? Vega: No. He just zips right by in profile. - This is it. - All right. Let's print it out. Custom paint job like that is almost as good as a plate. Let's get patrol to start looking for it. Put together a list of everyone in Koreatown that does custom paint jobs on tuner cars. Where you going? Home to bed. It's 1:00 A.M. Don't you think I'd like some sleep, too? Fair enough. Rex: Dad. Dad. Hey. What's going on? Emma's lying to me. There's no way she broke up with me because she caught me staring at Cassie Andersen. Right. How do I give her one of those polygraph things? Well, um... Giving your ex-girlfriend a polygraph is not one of your better ideas. There's something she's not telling me. You said you could tell... When someone's lying. How do you do it? (Sighs) Son... Seriously, how do you know? Uh... Well... Liars tend to, uh, stiffen up. You know, their body language, their arms and feet become, their movements become minimal. They cross their arms or they... Touch their nose or their throat. They'll avoid eye contact. They generally get defensive. You know, if you're telling the truth you're on the offensive. Um, okay. Yeah, thanks, this is good... H-hold on. W-wait a second. Before you go off conducting an interrogation into a breakup, can I ask you... What do you hope to find? I just want her to tell me the truth. (Phone buzzing) Yeah. No, hold on. Rex! Hey, hold on! I'll see you tonight. Bird: Man, what's going on? You don't want to know. All right, what's up? I think we might've got lucky. - Yeah? - Yeah, a motorcycle cop spotted a car in a ditch this morning about 7:00 A.M., and the driver was passed out in the airbag. I don't know how long he was here, but it did not sober him up. He still blew a .28 on the breathalyzer. So you got a drunk guy in a ditch. Why is he our guy? Well, his license matches the name on the season ticket holder manifest for G20. Was he even at the game? Well, the odds are pretty good on that one. Keep the wheel of car as you **** Be right back with the cones, and, uh, we'll do some parallel parking. Okay. First you skip homeroom, then you don't answer my calls. Why won't you talk to me? You know why. There's no way you broke up with me because... You saw me talking to Cassie Andersen. - You stare at her all the time. - Everyone looks at her. She's gorgeous and she dresses like she's in a rap video. - Rex... - Please. Tell me to my face that you dumped me because you saw me looking at Cassie Andersen. Is that really why? Yes. You're lying. - No, I'm not. - You did it again. Did what? Lied to me. How do you know?! Does it matter how I know? What matters is that I'm right, and we both know it. Hey! Hey! Emma! Emma, what are you doing? You won't even talk to me. Emma, please! I don't want to talk about it! And trust me, you don't want to know. Trust me, I do. Please just tell me the truth and I swear I'll leave you alone. Kenneth: I don't know. Britten: Well, he was painted green. And since your brother had traces of green paint on his body, we were curious if maybe... He got into a fight with somebody who was painted green. Yeah, there was this L.A. fan who did the whole green thing. You know, my brother got in this guy's face, they start shoving each other... They threw a few punches, but security broke it up really fast. Does that look like the guy? I mean, I didn't really get a good look at him. Um, I mean, he was green. Okay. Thanks. Britten: What do you do for a job, George? (Sighs) I'm an investment banker. No wonder our country's going in the toilet. Our people of high finance are painting themselves green. Who did you go to the game with? With some buddies from college. It's why I had the green paint on. It's kind of a tradition, an alumni thing. Look, guys, what's going on? It's a little overkill for a dui, right? Is it? Recognize this guy? No. Take a good look. His name is Robert Jones. Never seen him. Bird: Funny. When I get in a fight, the guy I'm fighting with usually makes an impression. Don't tell me he's pressing charges. So, you do remember him. We got into it in the stands. It was no big deal. Britten: No big deal. No. What? He didn't humiliate you? In front of your friends? In front of your banker buddies? - Your college buddies? - No. What happened? You put him down? Did he put you down? Punch each other? You scratch each other? Pull each other's hair? What was it, George? Did you follow him outside, George? No. Britten: See, the good news is, he won't be pressing charges. The bad news is, he was found beaten to death in the parking lot. What? Those are some ugly bruises on your knuckles there, George. And the blood on your shirt... Where's that from? Wait. You... You guys think I had something to do with this? Britten: We're just trying to work out how it went from a fistfight in the stands to a dead guy in the parking lot, and you passed out a couple of miles away in a ditch with a blood alcohol level three times the legal limit. It looks to us a lot like you were trying to leave the stadium in a real hurry. No. No. I, um... No? Okay, tell us what happened, George. I can't. You... can't? Why is that? I don't remember. You don't remember? That's what you're going with? I mean, seriously. The amnesia's not the great legal smoke screen you might think it is, George. You have to come up with an actual story. Look, I was hammered. Blacked out drunk. But I wouldn't kill someone just 'cause L.A. lost. Oh, you packing or reading? Movers are coming tomorrow. Just reading up about yesterday's game so I don't embarrass myself in front of the guys at work. I tell you Vega's organizing a going-away party for me? Wow. - I'm amazed you agreed to go.  - Why? 'Cause I just know how you hate being the center of attention. Oh, he's like a little puppy dog. I didn't want to hurt his feelings. (Phone buzzes) Oh. Your ears must have been burning. I don't know about my ears, but my eyes are pretty tired. I got two hours of sleep. But I had patrol hit up every paint and body shop in Koreatown, and finally found the one that painted the tuner car that we were looking for. Well, it's registered to a Korean kid named Jinsung do. Uh, got some priors... One for gun possession. Got dropped to a misdemeanor because he's a minor. - Any connection with Kang? - Vega: Yeah. He's one of Kang's runners. Can we go talk to him? All right, I'm about to leave the station. - Want me to pick you up? - Where does he live? Koreatown... With his grandmother. (Music playing) (Buzzer sounds) Woman: Hello? Britten: LAPD. Is Jinsung Do home? Ma'am, I understand you want to protect your grandson, but we have a warrant for his arrest, so if you want him to be safe, I need you to open this door now. ♪ ♪ Clear. Clear. (Music stops) He's running. Take the back. (Engine revving, tires squealing) Stop! Stop! (Engine revving, tires squealing, clinking) (Tires squealing, horn honking) Stop! (Gasps) This kid has the shoot girls. Yeah, 8:00. If we had the whole place, it's going down. All right. That was Danny. Danny evidence, Danny Motor Pool? Evidence. Says his sister works at this restaurant in Hollywood, has this amazing roof deck. Says she's gonna give us a deal to rent it out tomorrow night for the party. Oh. Mechanical bull. Does it sound like fun? Sure. Woman (Over P.A.): Dr. Brand to cardiology. You keep staring at that thing like it's gonna tell you something. Detectives? He's got a few broken ribs and a subdural hematoma, but he's stable. - Can we interview him? - Yeah. Just keep it short. Thanks. Hey, Jinsung, remember us? We have enough evidence linking you to the fire that killed Sabina Fernandez, with a secure conviction for murder. Now, you're a juvie, but you'll get tried as an adult, so, that's gonna get you 25 to life, or a death sentence. So this is a serious conversation. It may be your last chance to do something good for yourself for a long, long time. Now, I don't think you acted alone, and I'd like to be able to tell the D.A. that you cooperated. And maybe he'll go easy on you. But you have to tell me who hired you. And don't worry about Kang trying to hurt you or your grandmother. He's not gonna be able to touch you from prison. This is your last chance to help yourself. Kang's not the one who hired me. No? No. Okay, then, who hired you? (Doorbell rings, woman speaks indistinctly on TV) It's the police. Detectives, please come in. Britten: Thank you. Can I get you some tea? No, we're good. Thank you. We have a suspect in custody who confessed to setting the fire. I think you know him. His name is Jinsung Do. (Sighs) Kang sends him around every week to settle my account, to pay out or collect. Mostly to collect. So, you were right about Kang. He sent Jinsung to burn down my store. Not according to Mr. Do. But he works for Kang. But he says he was working for someone else that night. You want to tell your husband, or shall I? Tell him what? That you hired Mr. Do to burn down the store. Me? That's crazy. That you promised him $25,000 of the insurance money. He's making this up so Kang doesn't hurt his family. He's lying! Is he lying about the three calls you made to his cell phone last week? Because that's what the records show. I understand you were trying to dig your husband out of trouble, save the business. I suspect you did not know Ms. Fernandez was sleeping on the property, but I promise you that lying to us now will only make things worse for you. Su Mi? I begged you to stop, but you wouldn't listen. Even when they hurt you, you wouldn't listen. What other choice did I have? Sabina died in that fire. And I'm the one who has to live with that. If you even call that living. - I keep seeing her face...  - Su Mi... - again and again! - Ma'am, ma'am. (Panting) Stop it! - Mrs. Koh, please don't resist! - (Yelling): Stop it! We're placing you under arrest for the murder of Sabina Fernandez. You have the right to remain silent... Hey. The victim's mom and surviving son are waiting to claim the body, wondering what the holdup is. Frankly, so am I. I had to pull this from sid. Why? 'Cause I think we have the wrong guy. I'm listening. We found this next to his body, so we assumed it was his, right? And it's also his team. Look at him. Big, beefy guy. So what? So, I knew something was bothering me, and I realized this morning what it was. Put it on him. - That's no way that's his. - Okay. So, if it's not the victim's hat, whose is it? (Crying) Then will you please call Aunt Sue? Please call her. It's not gonna do any good... I'll be right back. Look, guys, I don't know what's going on, but, um, my mother... she's been through a lot, okay, and, um... And I should take her home. I'm afraid she'll have a lot more to go through before the day is over. You can tell your mother whatever you want, but we have to talk to you now. Why am I here? Why do you think you're here, Kenneth? I don't know. Let me tell you what Detective Bird here thinks happened. We know your brother, Rob, was violent, that he got in everyone's face. Yeah, I know, I know; I'm the one who told you that. Yeah, but you didn't tell us that he was abusive to you. We have witnesses at the stadium said he was pushing you around. That must have been humiliating. Must have made you feel small and weak in front of a crowd like that. Sure, he-he was hard on me, but, you know, that-that's what big brothers do. Oh. You said you went to the car afterwards, you couldn't find it? I couldn't. That's not what we think went down. Here. Do me a favor, and, uh, put that on. Put it on, or I'll put it on for you. It fits, right? It fits like a glove. See, we found it next to your brother's dead body. After you killed him, you grabbed the wrong cap. No. I have the same hat. Different sizes. You took his, you left yours. Kenneth? We already pulled hair samples. We know you killed your brother, and you were going to let an innocent man take the fall. Here's the only question left: What do we tell your mother? She's outside, waiting to take Rob's body home. When this all comes out, and it will all come out... Mm-hmm. ...we can tell her one of two things. That she raised a cold-blooded killer. Or that her son made a mistake. That he's human. That he was provoked. That he was bullied, and that for once in his life, he stood up for himself. I didn't mean to kill him. Okay? I swear I didn't. During the whole game, he kept slapping me in the back of the head and calling me a girl because I wouldn't stand up for him during those fights with the other fans. And then after... After the game was done, it got really bad, you know? We were... we were walking back to the car, and-and-and I told him to stop, and he wouldn't. Then he pushed me on the ground, he got in my face, and he called me a pussy, and I-I... I felt this-this loose brick underneath me, and I just... I grabbed it. And I... (Sighs) Okay. (People talking, phones ringing) Dad. Hey. What are you... What are you doing here? Is everything okay? Can I talk to you? Yeah, sure. You want to sit down? I'll get you a soda or something? Is there, like, someplace more private? Okay, what's going on? Dad, I got her pregnant. Oh. Oh. How far along is she? She lost it. She never told me. This whole time, I've been acting like an idiot, and she's been dealing with this and the whole thing. I-I mean... It-it's all my fault. Well, you're both responsible. No, she was always smart about... Protection and... I know when it happened. In the very beginning, and I didn't have anything, and I... I told her it would be okay, and she wasn't... Rex... She wasn't sure, and-and I promised her it would be fine. And it wasn't. All right, how is she? I don't... I don't know. I mean, she says she's fine, but she hasn't told anyone. She's just been dealing with it alone. She said she didn't think I could handle it. And she was right. What's wrong with me? There's nothing wrong with you. You're a teenager. You just reacted like one, that's all. Don't be too hard on yourself. How do I fix it? Well, you have to let her know that when she needs anything, if she needs anything, that you will be there for her. I can do that. Let me grab my bag, and I'll get you home. Mrs. Koh: Did you watch the game? They almost won. There was this one play, this one field goal, and it missed by a few inches. Just that one little thing. One tiny, little thing, and this could all be different. I just texted her, and she said she wants to come over. Hey, listen, uh, you know how you said that you knew when it happened? Back in the beginning? When was that? Just before mom died. Emma said she found out just after the funeral. Why? Where are you going? I didn't want to wake you. I got to go out for a while. The movers are coming up to start packing today. I know. I'll be back. (Indistinct talking) Emma? Emma? Hi. Hi. Uh, I'm, um, Michael... Yeah, Mr. Britten, hi. I-I was at the funeral. Could we, uh... I'll catch up with you guys after. Girl: Bye. See you later. What are you doing here? Uh... I want to ask you a question, and it might be completely... Inappropriate. Are you... ...by any chance... H-how did you know? It's Rex's. Mr... I-I thought about calling you, I just... It's okay. It's okay. It's gonna be okay. - Hey. - Hey. Oh, can you tell them how to get the ladder up into the attic? Guys, can you give us five, please? Just give us a minute? Thank you. What's going on? There's something we need to talk about. Sync and corrected by dr.jackson for www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 