Awake: Season 1, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Awake 
 s1e13 - Turtles All the Way Down - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Awake (2012): Season 1, Episode 13 - Turtles All the Way Down - full transcript 
 Michael's realities now involve memories and events before the accident and plunge him into an investigation of fellow officers. He uncovers a cocaine operation. In the realm of his son, he may catch some of the bad guys and be vindicated, while in the realm of his wife, he's seriously wounded and on the lam. With his psychiatrists in a rhetorical duel, things tilt toward the surreal. Vega in a penguin suit gives Michael a vision of what went down. Then, Michael's two selves converse, and Dr. Evans stops in mid-sentence. Where is he? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (Sighs) (Phone beeps) Carl: Yeah? I want to see you. Is something wrong? I've missed you. I've made a reservation at the silver saddle motel. Check in. I'll meet you in 45 minutes. I'm swamped this morning, Tricia. It's not gonna happen. I will see that you don't regret it. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What the hell is the silver saddle motel? A place where no one will complain about the noise. I'll see you in 45 minutes. (Clicks and beeps phone off) (Footsteps approach) (Key rasping in lock) (Knocking) (Kessel laughs) Yes, sir, officer. (Chuckles) (Chuckles) Carl, Britten knows. What? He knows about Hawkins. He knows about you. He knows about Westfield. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He knows about the storage locker. What?! What are you talking about? Come out here. He shot Hawkins, Carl. He's dead. Even if we move everything, the Hawkins investigation would lead them back to you. And then what would you do? What do you mean, "shot Hawkins"? Get out here! Take these cuffs off of me! You'd tell them about me. Trish, what are you doing? Tricia, no! I'm sorry. (Sighs) (Gasping) Sync & corrections by into-the-light, www.addic7ed.com Resync for WEB-DL by Norther {Pub}(Key turning in lock) (Door unlocking) Bird: So, somewhere in the neighborhood of 200 keys. It looks like a shipment narcotics seized early last year. And we also raided Kessel's home and office. And everything's preliminary, but the forensic accountants say it looks like he and Hawkins moved a lot of money into offshore accounts. What's Kessel say? We haven't found him yet. Why not? Where is he? I did my best to keep the operation under wraps, but he's obviously got ears everywhere. Word is he "stepped out" just before we raided the storage unit. - All right, here's what we should do... - Everyone with a badge is already looking for him. There'll be something at Hawkins' house. IA's already searching the scene. It'll take some time, but when they're done, they'll need to talk to you. - Excuse me, captain. They found Captain Kessel. (Siren blares) (Camera shutter clicking) Hey, guys. Looks like he saw the walls were closing in, took the easy way out. Desk says he checked in under the name of Ed Munte right around the time you and the boys were gearing up. And the place is pretty empty around 11:00 A.M. And the neighborhood isn't so great, so even when they thought they heard a gunshot, they didn't guess it came from one of the rooms. Maid found him about 30 minutes ago. You wanted to catch him. No. I wanted to kill him. We just started to dig through Hawkins' records. Thought you'd like to see that. What is it? It's a repair estimate for Hawkins' car. A week after your accident. Damage to the right front quarter panel. I wish this could all be different. I wish I... I wish I could go back and stop it. It wasn't your job to stop it. When I needed your help... You listened to me. You took a risk. Thanks. We should be thanking you. Without you, we would have missed all this. It's gonna be rough for a while, but when the dust settles, I want you to know I'm gonna do everything I can to make sure that you receive the proper commendation. - I don't want a commendation. What do you want? I want my family back. That's what I want. We're so proud of you, Michael. Yeah. Hannah would be proud of you, too. (Sighs) Hawkins' voice: Get up. Get up. (Hannah panting) Hannah and Hawkins: Get up. Britten: Hey! Hawkins: I don't know. It looks like he lost a lot of blood. Harper's got a team working on Bird's body right now. They're gonna need you to paint a picture for 'em pretty quick. Well, I could put him down right here. Yeah, okay. Get him over to our area first. I'll make sure you get a friendly investigation. Okay. I got it. It's almost over. Then you can go be with your boy. Hey. (Tires screech) (Hawkins grunting) (Car alarm blaring) (Horn beeping) (Grunting) (Grunting) (Gasps) Yes, we need an ambulance at park and Western. Michael, please. Please. (Grunts) (Women shriek) (Grunts) (Women shriek) Man: Go, go! (Men clamoring) (Classical music playing) (Glass breaks) (Music stops) (Cat meows) (Sighs) Pele... What did you do? You have a medical degree, right? {Pub}Detective Britten, I don't have the right supplies. Just do it. Listen to me. This shot goes all the way through. You've lost a lot of blood. You've got a high fever. You're probably already septic. Just patch me up. Can you tell me who shot you? Hawkins. Detective Hawkins? The man that you dreamed was responsible for...? I didn't dream anything. It's the man who admitted to me that he killed my son. Okay. He framed me for killing Bird, and he was about to kill me, and I just managed to get away. Bird's been killed? They-they knew we were closing in on him, so they had to get rid of us. Who's they? Hawkins and his area Captain, Kessel. So, now an area captain's involved? Don't talk to me like I'm crazy. I can prove it. I did prove it. Why do you think Kessel killed himself when they came to get him? - Kessel killed himself? They're giving me a commendation; You're talking to me like I'm a lunatic. Wait. Who's giving you a commendation? Harper, my captain. I thought that you were being suspended. Not here. At, at, it's um... Over in... Look... believe me. I know what I'm talking about. I am not the bad guy here. I believe you, detective. I do. No, you don't. No, you don't. You're not even good at faking it. I believe that this is all real to you. I believe that you've been trying to keep two sets of facts straight, one that is happening and full of painful realities, and one that you've imagined in response. And I believe that under these conditions, anyone could begin to lose track of which was which. But the truth is, I don't know what happened last night; I really don't. I just know that you've been seriously injured, and it sounds like other people have been as well. We need to get you help, and once we get you that help, I'm sure that all this is just gonna sort itself out. So I'm just going to step outside here... I have help. You're my help. I don't think you want to shoot me, Michael. Where are your car keys? Where are we going? You're going to get your wish. You're going to turn me in. Detective, it doesn't look like we're going to a police station. I never said we were. Can you at least tell me what we're doing? We're going to break into one of the storage units. Why? 'Cause there's 200 kilos of heroin in there. And when they see it, they'll know I've been set up. Take my cell phone and tell them I abducted you, where you are, and they'll come and get me. But first, I want you to see what's in there. You can say that you saw it. (Grunts) No. I saw it. They must have moved it. Detective... I saw it! You understand? I saw it in there! Why don't we just...? 911. What's your emergency? No, no, no. (Grunting) No! No! Shout when you hear people. They'll come and get you. No. No! Detective! Detective! (Ringing) Hello. Vega. Where are you? Listen to me. The whole department is looking for you. What are they saying? They're saying you shot Bird. Do you believe 'em? If you're telling me that's not what happened... I trust you. It's not, and I can prove it. But I need your help. Tell me where you are. It's not important. I need you to pull some records for me. No. If you want me to trust you, then you have to trust me. Tell me where you are, and I'll come and get you. I will make sure you're safe. Let's work this thing out together. Michael. Michael, we've got to get you to a hospital. - No. - Look at you, Michael. Look at you! - I trusted you. No hospital. Drive. They must have moved everything out of the unit last night. I didn't see any cameras, but see if the security cameras overlook the part of the building. People going in or out. Then, uh, get the phone records for Hawkins and Kessel. How am I supposed to do that? Ask Harper to help you. You want me to tell Harper? She's the only one we can trust now. {Pub}Captain, I need to talk to you. We're in the middle of a manhunt. (Phone rings) I need to take this. Michael sent me. Close the door. The storage unit was taken out in Kessel's name a few days after Michael visited Westfield. The storage unit that was supposed to be full of drugs? Yes. He said that it must have been moved once Hawkins realized that Bird and Michael were onto them. Stop. Just... just stop. There's someone that you need to meet. (Door lock beeps) Detective Vega, this is Dr. John Lee. He's been Britten's therapist since the accident. This morning Britten broke into Dr. Lee's house and took him at gunpoint to the very storage unit that you're referring to. And once he saw that it was completely empty, he locked him inside. - Captain, he's trying to lead us... - He had become delusional, Vega. - He says... - Detective Vega! I understand how convincing Detective Britten sounds, and that's because everything that he's telling you is something he's completely convinced of himself. But the truth is, he's unable to separate what's real from what's in his imagination. This vast conspiracy, these missing drugs, these people who were trying to kill him and his family, it's all in the mind of a man experiencing a complete mental break. - But Westfield... - No, he checked into Westfield last summer. There was nothing there. A fractured psyche like Britten's can take a host of real details, weave them into an incredibly elaborate story, and then constantly adjust it to sweep away the holes and inconsistencies. Add to that the disorientation caused by the blood loss and his injuries, and you have a recipe for flourishing delusions. He's incapable of understanding that he's making all of this up. He needs our help. Whatever he's told himself, whatever he believes, it's led him to fixate on Detective Hawkins, kidnap and nearly kill him, and in the process, he killed Detective Freeman. I know that you care about him... we all do... but that's why we need to prevent him from hurting himself or anyone else. Efrem, where is he? (Shivering) (Footsteps approaching) What is that? I don't understand. Officers: Hands! Hands! Hands! Hands! Hands! (Gasps) (Grunting) Vega: Hey, be careful! I know I should never have trusted you. I'm sorry. It's for your own good, Michael. - This is a mistake! I can prove it to you! - Michael, I'm sorry. No, no! They're setting me up! You did the right thing. He's gonna get the help he needs. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ (Grunts) Michael... Just give us a few minutes. How you feeling? How am I feeling? I-I don't understand what I'm doing here. Michael, I am so sorry. I really thought that letting you come back to work would make things easier for you. No, it's got no nothing to do with me going back to work. I'm... This isn't some paranoid delusion. I'm-I'm the same as you are. Just get a warrant for Kessel and Hawkins' phone records and bank records. Mike, stop. Just... just stop. I don't want you to make this any worse for yourself. You'll see that things are exactly how I'm telling you. I just need you to look into it. Okay? Please. Tricia, okay? For me. Just look, please. Michael... We're gonna get you the best help that there is. Why aren't you listening to me? And I want to reassure you that Hannah is gonna be taken care of as well. She's not gonna be alone on this, all right? (Phone rings) Desk says he checked in under the name of Ed Munte right around the time you and the boys were gearing up. What is it? What? You. I'm sorry? Ed Munte. That's the name that Kessel used to book into the hotel. Kessel's calling you. Michael, you're not making any sense. That's why they knew I was on to them 'cause... 'Cause you told them. You killed Rex. You killed my boy. (Muffled gasping) (Electricity pulsing) (Gasping) She killed my son. She killed my son. {Pub}(Door opening) You have a visitor. (Gate opening) (Door slams) ♪ ♪ Hello. Hello. What do you want? You know what we want. We need to get Harper. The clock is ticking. You hear it? (Footsteps ticking) You understand? What is that? What does it mean? It means she's getting away. Wh-what can we do? I can show you. We can still stop her. If that's what you want. You have to be sure. I'll do anything. Okay. Okay. (Door opening) (Door creaking) (Indistinct whispering) Evans: This is fantastic. Lee: This is madness. (Indistinct whispering resumes) This is the sort of breakthrough I have been waiting for. He's finally accepting the truth, revealing what's been a dream and what's been reality. He's not accepting reality. He's fleeing it, allowing it to fold in on itself. If he continues to fracture his psyche in this fashion, there will not be a way out. That is alarmist garbage. Let him make his own choices. Choices have consequences, Dr. Evans. Oh, now you're questioning my credentials? You don't exist. I'm not particularly concerned with your credentials. Were I his creation, it would simply show that even his imagination is a better therapist than you. I am the one who has been trying to prevent a full-scale break of exactly this variety. Tied up in his own head with his guilt. Enough! (Air hissing) (Knocking) Now, pay very close attention to this part. You've seen a penguin before. Don't look at me; Look at them. Okay. Here it is. And there. Do you see it? Look. There. There it is. Now, this is the part that's just... (Muffled): Tricia... No. (Gunshot) mean. Do you get it? (Door opening) Sorry, buddy. (Piano music plays) Hey. Aren't you gonna sit down? Isn't this place amazing? It reminds me of that time when we were in New York, and I pretended to be... A food critic. Yeah. What's wrong? I'm afraid... of never seeing you again. Of what's gonna happen to me when all this comes to an end. I know. I have to get her, but I don't want to leave you. Just give me one last kiss good-bye. Now go and get her. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ (Inhales) (Exhales) {Pub}You surprised me. The press is having a field day with this. Did IA keep you here late last night? No. I told them this morning. Mm. Won't be pleasant, but we'll get through this, and we'll all be the better for it. Truth is, this is the best thing for the department. You know, clean it up, put it behind us. Everything okay? What happened to your shoe? What? I'm sorry? Your left heel makes a click when you walk. Hmm. The tip must have fallen off. When did that happen? Any idea? (Laughs) No. Why? The thing is, the phone log at the silver saddle motel shows the room being reserved to the name of Edward Munte, about an hour before Captain Kessel picked the key up. So I called around hotels and motels. Turns out Edward Munte's been reserving rooms all over town for a while. (Lock clicks) The calls don't come from Kessel's phone. They come from an anonymous VoIP account. It was billed to a credit card. Yours. How long have you known Kessel? Hmm? Before you shot him in the head? Years. 20 years. I've taken a bullet for you or your family. And I'm struggling to understand how you could so easily destroy mine. I just want to know why. (Doorknob jiggling) Bird: Mike? I want to hear it from your mouth. I'm sorry, Michael. You're sorry?! Mike, open this damn door! (Doorknob jiggling) I shouldn't let you leave this room. Bird: Mike! Nothing that happens to you when you walk out this door can ever be bad enough for me. (Pounding on door) Bird: Mike! Mike, open the damn door! Mike, open the damn door now. (Pounding on door) (Pounding on door) (Pounding on door) (Sighs) Captain Harper, this is Detectives James and Bushwick from Internal Affairs. They're going to need to ask you some questions. You need to come with us. Go home. I'm fine. I didn't say you weren't. I said go home. Be with your boy. I'll call you as soon as they finish with her. Mike... I have a lot questions about the last couple of days. Things I'm going to need your help to understand. Britten: I can't tell you how many cases I've closed. You know, most of the time I think it's the ex-boyfriend, it is the ex-boyfriend. Sometimes it's almost miraculous how you untangle something, but neither way, you feel... I don't know, not satisfaction. Closure, I guess. And this doesn't feel that way? No. How does it feel? Like it doesn't matter. I want a time machine. As much as we... we often wish that life were otherwise, it only moves in one direction. And the good news is, you finally realize that this is life. It's not about imaginary partners in penguin suits. You're letting yourself see this other world for the dream that it's always been. And that is an enormous step towards the very closure that you're talking about. No, I don't want closure with my family. I believe that you're fine that allowing yourself to invest fully in one real life is ultimately going to be a richer experience than dividing yourself between two. What if I just had a dream? I don't follow. I mean, everything else feels real to me right here and there. - Mm-hmm. - Everything obeys all the laws of physics, logic, and... Why can't I just... have had... A normal dream? Are you saying that... That you were having a dream while you were dreaming? Detective, the last time that you truly came face-to-face with the fact that you had lost your wife, it split your reality in two. And now you're on the verge of remedying that. The world with Hannah is a dream. And you saw that. You know that. Hannah is gone. And it's time to come back to living in one world and not run off seeking a third. I'm not seeking anything. I'm just saying, wh-who... Who knows the rules? Who's to say? Help me to understand this. When you go home tonight, go to bed, what do you expect to see? I don't know. And here I was thinking that... That we had taken a giant step forward. Detective, I'm afraid it's just turtles all the way down. If you could... Doctor? (Door opens) ♪ ♪ ♪ You wore a heedless sweatshirt ♪ ♪ On your bed that night ♪ ♪ With black leggings ♪ ♪ I've never seen ♪ ♪ Your face so white ♪ ♪ Your honesty ♪ ♪ Was killing me ♪ ♪ The monsters in the room were all dancing ♪ ♪ To the music ♪ ♪ All around. ♪ Rex: Morning. I was beginning to think you'd never get up. What... what time is it? 8:30. You gonna drive me? What? Registration's at 9:00. Oh, yeah. Sure. I was just... Look at this. He lives. (Chuckles) Hannah: Hey, Rex, could you grab me a water? Rex: Yep. Dad? Michael? You okay? Yeah... I'm good. (Laughs) I'm perfect. Sync & corrections by into-the-light, www.addic7ed.com Resync for WEB-DL by Norther 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 