Devs: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Devs 
 s1e5 - Episode #1.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Devs (2020): Season 1, Episode 5 - Episode #1.5 - full transcript 
 Kenton pays Jamie a visit to guarantee his silence, while Katie covertly exploits the Devs system for her own ends. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ("Oh I Wept" by Free playing) ♪ Oh, I wept ♪ ♪ For days ♪ ♪ Filled my eyes ♪ ♪ With silly tears ♪ ♪ Oh, yeah ♪ ♪ But I don't ♪ ♪ Care no more ♪ ♪ I don't care if ♪ ♪ My eyes get sore ♪ ♪ I take my seat on the train ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ And let the sun Come melt my pain ♪ ♪ Come tomorrow I'll be far away ♪ ♪ In the sunshine Of another day ♪ (♪♪♪♪♪) ♪ A worried mind ♪ ♪ Makes it so hard to bear ♪ ♪ Hard to live ♪ ♪ And hard to care ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ But I don't ♪ ♪ Care no more ♪ ♪ I don't care if ♪ ♪ My eyes get sore ♪ ♪ I take my seat on the train ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ Oh, yeah ♪ ♪ And let the sun Come melt my pain ♪ ♪ Come tomorrow I'll be far away ♪ ♪ In the sunshine Of another day ♪ (♪♪♪♪♪) - (music fades) - (gurgling, indistinct shouting) (gasping) So, Jamie. Tell me... What exactly is the story between you and Lily? Actually, don't tell me. I'm gonna guess. You're a puppy dog. And you're devoted to her, forever and ever. And you'll do anything she wants, in case she chucks you a bone. I hit the bull's‐eye, didn't I? (gasps) (gurgling) (gasping) (whimpering) (breathing heavily) (snorts) Okay. You're good. Let's talk. So, in case you don't know, my name is Kenton, I'm the head of security at Amaya. And I've got a problem. My problem is I have to contain a very complex situation. But the situation is refusing to be contained. In fact... (chuckles) it's cascading. Once a cascade starts, the impulse is to panic. You feel like you're standing in front of an avalanche with a fucking bucket and spade. (sighs) But I'm not panicking. I'll tell you why. Long ago... (inhales sharply) when I was about your age, (exhales slowly) maybe a little older, I was in the CIA. I was based in Hong Kong, and we were working towards what we called "The American Century." (sniffs) The Twentieth Century was all about war in Europe and Communism in Russia and Asia, but the Twenty First Century was going to be all for the stars and stripes. Things seemed to be going pretty well. The Soviet Union had collapsed, Europe was nicely weak and stable, and on my beat, a popular uprising had started on mainland China. The focus point was Beijing. Hundreds of thousands of demonstrators had occupied Tiananmen Square. Wouldn't fucking budge. And at a certain point, my bureau chief called us into his office and said... China was finished. Whatever the government did wouldn't make a difference. The protests would spread across the country, the system would collapse. The tipping point was reached. The cascade was unstoppable. You know what happened next? The Chinese government sent in soldiers and tanks to Tiananmen Square, shot everybody they could. Took the revolution by the neck and crushed the fucking life out of it. Today, China is the most powerful force on the planet, the most powerful force the world has ever known. And it turned out to be the Chinese Century. (inhales sharply) Story over. My point? Everything's containable. But only if you're willing to do what it takes. I'm willing to do what it takes. Do you believe me? (whimpering) You are a dissident, I am a tank. Do you believe me? (shuddering) Yes. I think you believe me. But I need to be sure. ‐(bone cracks) ‐(screams) Shut up! Shut up. Shut up. Whatever you and Lily were doing, whoever you were talking to, whatever you're planning, it stops right now. Unless you do exactly as I say... no one you care about is safe. Are we clear? Yes. Good. (distorted whimpering) (whimpering continues) (sound distorts to static) (speaking Mandarin) (whirring) Oh, Jesus. (music playing over radio) (man speaking indistinctly) Hey. Are you okay? Sorry. Yeah. I'm fine. If you want to be left alone, that's okay. I can leave you alone. It's nothing serious. No one died. You just broke up. Well... that counts as serious. I guess. So... yeah, I feel like shit. Presumably you broke up for a reason. Uh‐huh. Because he's not the right guy. Yeah. So, it is what it is. That was blunt. You're absolutely right. I"m... I'm sorry. You know what, I was talking to myself. Not you. What do you mean? I'm in the same boat. Except a few months further down the line. And I've become seriously expert at beating myself up. So, I say shit like "It is what it is," because it makes me feel like I am assertive... instead of a punching bag. In other words, ignore me. Actually, to be honest, you're right. It is what it is. Don't worry. Break‐ups aren't all bad. It means you have the endless pleasure of dating ahead of you. Christ. What a thought. Seriously, however bad you remember it, it's so much worse. I mean the app thing is out of control. But there's no choice if you want to meet someone. And I don't mean meet someone special, I mean, literally, meet anyone. Well, I think I've done enough cheering you up. Yeah. Great job. (chuckles) I'll see you around. On Tinder. No. No, me neither. I'll see you around here. Sure. (door closes) ‐(static) ‐(distorted chatter) (indistinct chatter) (sighs) MAN (through laptop): Look down there. Would you really feel any pity if one of those dots stopped moving forever? If I offered you 20,000 pounds for every dot that stopped, would you really, old man, tell me to keep my money, or would you... calculate how many dots you could afford to spend? Free of income tax, old man. Free of income tax. Lily... (exhales sharply) I'm in love with you. Whoa. It's the first time either of us have said that. You are creative, you are unexpected, funny, clever, hot. Awesome in every way. So, yeah. I'm in love with you. I'm in love with you too. (sighs) Really? Mm‐hmm. (chuckles) Cool. (laughs) MAN (through laptop): you can save money nowadays. MAN 2: Lot of good your money'll do you in jail. MAN 1: That jail is in another zone. - (Sergei breathes deeply) - (film continues indistinctly) MAN 2 (through laptop): I should be pretty easy to get rid of. MAN 1: Pretty easy. Gun. Barrier. Sensor. The dual slit experiment. I'm sure you are all familiar. A stream of single quantum particles, let's say photons, are fired at two slits in a barrier. Now, mysteriously, the single photon appears to pass through both slits at the same time, as evidenced by the interference pattern that starts to appear when the photon hits the back sensor. We conclude that the single photon is somehow interacting with itself. And now we have prima facie evidence of the superposition of quantum particles, that they can exist in more than one place at the same time. That idea makes us uncomfortable. We're not used to things being in more than one place at the same time. It's in conflict with our direct experience of the world. I am not in a superposition, I am standing only here. And you are not in a superposition, you are sitting only there. So, we decide we need more information, we place a detector on one of the two slits, so we can tell when the photon is passing through. But as soon as the detector is activated, the interference pattern on the back sensor disappears. The superposition photon has suddenly collapsed to a classical single position. The photon is now only in one place. The act of our observing the particle has somehow changed it. It's a complex problem, which leads to a simple question. - What the hell just happened? - Now watch. I asked the professor to provoke her. LECTURER: There is no shortage of proposed answers to that question. The Copenhagen Interpretation, which states that the act of measurement affects the system. Please. The Penrose Interpretation, which suggests that the wave function collapse is caused by space‐time curvature. But I wanna talk to you about the Von Neumann‐Wigner Interpretation, which states that human consciousness is the key modifier in decoherence. Are you fucking kidding? Katie? You're offering a lecture on Von Neumann‐Wigner? Eh‐‐ Are you serious? Half the people in this room are undergrads, they might actually believe what you're saying. There are many interesting conjectures within the theory. It's dualist bullshit. Which is the worst kind of bullshit. - You would prefer... - The Everett Interpretation. - Which you didn't even mention. - Ah. Everett. Whose interpretation states that there is no change to the superposition of the humble quantum particle. Rather, there is a change to the entire universe It states that the macroscopic superposition exists. And just so we're all clear what that means... it means the universe is constantly splitting, like the trunk and branches and twigs. Of an infinitely large tree. And on that tree, all possible worlds will exist. All possible events will happen. All histories, and all futures, a near infinite number of times. It's deterministic, it's supported by the math, and it's supported by the experiment. But it's not supported by the real world. Whatever. (clears throat) Enjoy, dweebs. - MAN 1: (laughs) Bye. - (clears throat) (indistinct muttering) (sighs) Von Neumann‐Wigner. A fucking joke. FOREST (echoing): Katie? Katie? Katie? Katie... Yes? Uh, one of your professors is a friend of mine. She's told me you're the best student she's had in years, perhaps ever. That's nice. She also told me... your family can no longer cover your college fees. I want to pay for your college fees... and offer you a job when you graduate. Who are you? Do you understand what I'm asking? Yes. I do. Is it madness? Is there a world in which it could work? (indistinct chatter) (vocies harmonizing) (keyboard clicking) Whoa. This is way better than last time. My sugar cube doesn't have a single error package. LYNDON: I got a few here in the shell. KATIE: Are those errors? I think those are actual gaps in the structure. Oh... yeah, you might be right. The skull is good too. I'm now at 1.2 times 10 to the power of 18. Still clean. I mean look at these sucrose molecules. My sugar is sweet! I think the mouse is sweet. - STEWART: The mouse is dead. - He's still sweet. He's got a cute little face. Forest. I think we're good. We can try to extrapolate inwards. Cool. So do it. Okay. (typing) Let's see. Silence from the team. So, it worked? Yeah. (chuckles) It worked. - Keep going. - Keep extrapolating? You mean outwards? Why not? We'll run out of memory pretty fucking quick, but, yeah, why not. No harm it can do. (typing) (choral music playing) Fuck. And he made a house called a cocoon and he stayed in there for, like, two weeks. More than two weeks and puff, and puff, he was a butterfly. A beautiful, nice, beautiful butterfly. The end. - FOREST: Is that the end? - AMAYA: Yes... the end. (birds chirpin (dog barks) Hey, sweetheart. Just wondering where you are. The milk. Shit. No, totally forgot. I was going over papers all morning and... Uh, anyway, yeah, I forgot. Are you? Yeah, I see you. So, look, bring Amaya back, and then I'll take the car and go to the store. I'll get stuff for dinner too. I don't know. Pasta? (laughs) I know we can discuss it in 30 seconds! - We can also discuss it now! - (car horn blares) (glass shattering, car rolling) (car horn blares) (dog barking) No. No! No! No! (sobbing) No. (shouting) No! No! No! No! No! No! (sobs) Do you think any of them understand what we're really doing here? I'm not sure. I'm not sure you even understand what we're really doing here. What do you mean? I think Devs is how you've put yourself on trial. It's judge and jury. If it works, determinism precludes free will, and you're absolved, you did no wrong. But if it doesn't work, you had choices. And you're guilty. And if it doesn't work, I'm damned. Yes. Pretty much. What's my place in this trial? You're a witness. No. I'm the lawyer for the defense. I'm gonna make my opening argument. Are you ready? Um... no. Yeah. If I, uh... If I asked you to do me a favor, but I couldn't tell you why, do you think you could trust me, and not ask any questions, and just do it? Ne... I'm being serious. Okay. So, I need you to get Mom. And get Lucy and Tom and their kids. And take them to the place we used to go on vacation when me and Lucy were kids. Ne, the hotel by the lake. For one week. And I don't care what any of them say about school, or jobs, or feeding pets, or anything, I just... They have to do it. You have to make them do it. I said I can't tell you why. No, Dad, you... You know how I work for an internet security firm? Well we've been subcontracting for the NSA and a foreign power hacked our system and got all our personal details. So, the NSA instructed us to... to make sure our immediate families were safe, until they made everything... okay. Yeah, we've got major protection here. Guys with guns, you name it, 'round the clock. So, will you do it, Dad? Jebal. Thank you. Yeah, I'm totally fine. (laughs) I love you too. All you guys. Okay, Dad. I've got to go. Ye‐‐ Yeonlaghallkeyo. Okay. Bye. (grumbling) (shudders) (sighs) So I need to add an important caveat to our working relationship. I'm not going to prison. Do you understand? You need to fully take that on board. You don't need to worry about going to prison, Kenton. I disagree. I killed a guy, I put his girl in a nuthouse, and I terrorized her friend into silence. Hopefully that does the trick. But if it doesn't... and I feel this shit is catching up with me, then the terms of our deal are null and void. I will act in a self‐interested manner. What does that mean? I just told you. I'm not going to prison. You can't fuck me without fucking yourself. Lily Chan is a threat. It's not in your power to kill her, Kenton. Have we met? I didn't say you lack the ability to kill her, I said it's not in your power. Well, I'll tell you what. You just let me worry about that. (door opens, closes) (sighing) LILY'S FATHER: (mutters in Mandarin) (sighs) (speaking Mandarin) ("Oh I Wept" by Free playing) (sighs) ♪ Oh, I wept ♪ ♪ For days ♪ ♪ Filled my eyes ♪ ♪ With silly tears ♪ ♪ Oh, yeah ♪ ♪ But I don't ♪ ♪ Care no more ♪ ♪ I don't care if ♪ ♪ My eyes get sore ♪ ♪ I take my seat on the train ♪ ♪ Oh, yeah ♪ ♪ And let the sun Come melt my pain ♪ ♪ Come tomorrow I'll be far away ♪ ♪ In the sunshine Of another day, yeah... ♪ (♪♪♪♪♪) Lily? Lily? I'm getting you out. ‐(mumbles) ‐What? I love you, baby. I wish you did, but you don't. It's just the dope talking. Come on. Let's go. ♪ Now I've left It all behind... ♪ That's it. There you go. Okay. ("Oh I Wept" continues) (guttural vocalising) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 