Stargate SG-1: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Stargate SG-1 
 s1e5 - The First Commandment - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Stargate SG-1 (1997–2007): Season 1, Episode 5 - The First Commandment - full transcript 
 SG-9's anthropologist Frakes is captured during a mission on a planet of cave-dwellers, where direct sunlight is unbearable, and killed by their own Captain Jonas Hansen, who became a murderous tyrant after being treated like a god by the primitive inhabitants, drunk with power, and has them build a temple in his honor well beyond their primitive means and manpower. His escaped team mate Lieutenant Connor refuses to return with SG-1, which soon finds him captured and tied up in the sun with other non-collaborating team survivors. Captain Samantha Carter allows herself to be captured trying to free them, so she can talk to Hanson, an ex of hers, who claims the temple should save the people when he as 'their god' installs an old goa'uld device he expects her to repair. When Teal'c hears about it from local escapee Jamala, he warns hat technology can only create a field between two devices, so SG-1 must find a second one, then overpower the false god... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 www.tvsubtitles.net Come on, Frakes, let's go! Connor! Connor! I dropped my remote! Got it! Frakes! Frakes! Go. Go! Frakes, Frakes, Frakes. I'm disappointed you, my son. So, Connor got through. What about this one? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Burn him. For a planet with a UV radiation as high as this one is supposed to have, ...the plant life seems to be doing very well. Apparently Abydos was the exception, not the rule, as far as tree's are concerned. Well that makes sense, ...for a plant to support human life there must be some sort of Carbon- based vegetation, right? It is no accident. Many Stargate worlds were terra- formed by the Goa'ulds, centuries ago. Okay, let's take a quick look around the gate, before we move out to find SG- 9. It's can't be that far. I don't know, this Stargate is literally out in the middle of nowhere, I doubt it plays an active role in anybody's cultural. Is there a problem Dr. Carter? No birds. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 There should be a road up here or something or... Jack? Guys? Ahh! Okay, okay, don't shoot. That's very sound advice. Colonel O'Neill. Lieutenant Connor? Alright, alright, come- on. Alright Connor, what's going on? Command received your signal six hours ago, and no one came through. Why? - Hanson. - Where is he, we need to talk. - No, don't. - Why? Frakes... he... Connor, I need to know what happened. Permission to speak freely about a superior officer, sir? Yeah, go ahead. He's lost it, he's out of control. - Captain Hanson? - Maybe it was the sun, radiation. - Wait, are you saying the sun did this to Frakes? - No, sir. Captain Hanson did that to Frakes. - What? - For trying to get back through the gate. I don't buy that. Sir, we were trying to warn command about what's really going on, ...the people here, they believe he's their god! - Because you came through the Stargate? - No, no, you don't get it. Hanson believes it too. I want you to take Connor back through the Stargate, ...report to General Hammond what's happened here. - No, sir. - No, Sir? If you are going after Captain, I should go with you, I can get to him. Look, Captain, ...either were bringing him back to face a court marshal, or not. - I think we both know what the'not' means. - I know him, Colonel. Yeah, that would be the problem. I gave him back the ring because I know him. I know how he thinks, how he operates. How he likes to play god? Look, I don't understand how that could happen, ...any more then you do, but if SG-1 is going after him then I am going with you. Wait a minute, you, you, you can't do that, there hundreds, probably thousands of them. He's their god. They'll die for him, they'll kill for him in a heartbeat. That's not your problem, ...now I need someone to report back to the General, and that is you. - No, sir. - No sir? Dose it say Colonel anywhere on my uniform? I know the planet, the situation, I think it's suicide. But if your going, I'm going, sir. But you are not physically able. - Frakes was my friend. - This isn't about revenge. Maybe not for you. We got to move now, in daylight. Well, we're off to see the wizard. I hope you packed lot's of sun block. Well, were mostly undercover. The probe's data indicated that shade, even heavy cloud cover won't protect us, ...it can be pouring rain, and we'll still burn. She's right. Then why on Earth, are we traveling during the day? Were not on Earth, ...people here live in caves. I think they used to be mines; ...they only come out at night. There probably still after me, sir. To OZ. Your right, they sent SG-1. - This taste like chicken. - So what's wrong with it? It's macaroni and cheese. - Teal'c? - The premature is established. Perfect. If any little rocks sneak up on us, we'll have plenty of warning. So, any ingenious Lion's, tigers, or bears I should lying awake worrying about? The plant life is all that seems to live in the sun. You know how could something like this actually happen. The SG teams are supposed to be made of well- trained professionals. Well when we first met the cave dwellers, they immediately bowed down to us, ...thought we were gods. Well that's a fairly common phenomenon, I mean uh, it happens. Except Hanson didn't deny it. Told us it might be safe if we allowed them to believe he was god for a while. He said it was the system of government they needed to retake their world. And, ...you were okay with that? Frakes was our anthropologist, ...he agreed with Hanson, that might be safer. But the longer we stayed here, the stronger they believed. On our forth or fifth week here, a young child wanted out of the caves, ...and must've gotten lost, Hanson went on after him, ...he was gone for two full days before he came back. Carrying the child, barley alive in his arms. - The cave dwellers must have loved him for that. - Yeah, they did, - ... he wasn't the same after that. - Your saying that's what sent him over the edge, the sun? It want any one thing, ...if it was, me and Frakes, we could of seen it coming. Done something about it before... Before what? There were a few cave dwellers that got the ides the Hanson was just a man, ...like they were, ...thanks to Frakes and I. He had them tied to stakes and left out in direct sunlight, ...if they lived seven days, they were allowed back in the caves. A number of certain Biblical events took place over... ...the course of seven days. By then they were blind. Giant bleeding burns all over them. Just took them a little longer to die. Personally, I'd rather eat a bullet. I'll take first watch. Hey, Colonel, I'll take watch. Let's go, we've got company. - Are you sure? - Pretty sure. They appear to be gone. The temple is taking too long to build. - There working as hard as they can. - But not as long as they can. Divide them into shifts, day and night. - You can't. - What? They'll die. Sacrifice. Their way to salvation. They were probably instructed just to take Connor. Send us a message that Hanson's in Control. Sounds familiar. - Witch part? - He likes control. Oh. What did you see in him? I don't know. I guess I've always had a soft spot for the lunatic fringe. He was... he was charming. That's good, charming is good. I don't know. I should be more surprised by this then I am, but I'm not. You know, he had this in him, Daniel. Too many years of Black Ops. Well that's typical of our government's evaluation of soldiers. The crazier they are, the more extreme situation they seem to be put in to. He wasn't happy when I broke off the engagement, ...but he seemed like he really pulled himself together when we met up a Stargate Command. Apparently not. - What do you got Teal'c? - This way. The road out of the valley, passed the mountain. - I'll be back in 30 minutes. - If your are thinking about... - ... rescuing Connor... - Not yet, Captain? When the time comes I'll need your help getting in the front door. I'm prepaid for that, sir. There will be none left to worship if this continues. Like Abraham. - Who is Abraham? - A biblical figure. Believed to be the father of man, The God... ...tested his faith by instruction him to make a great sacrifice, his son Isaac. Did he sacrifice his son? He gave it a good shot before an angle stopped him. At the last minute. Get up! He's worked straight through the night, he needs rest. Shut up! Do I have to make an example? Do I? Hey, look over there. - Whoa. Where are you going? - I can't just stay here and watch him beat that man to death. You will be captured. You think that's a plan. Daniel, I can get to Hanson, that's what the Colonel was talking about. Well can you at least wait until he gets back? A man could be dead by then. - We should have stopped her. - We would have failed. Well, that was refreshing. Connor looks bad, there are two guards who... Never mind. It's probably are only way in without a fire fight anyways. Alright, alright. Well, it's about time. Hello Jonas. And you never thought I'd amount to anything. Quite a leap isn't it? From Captain to... What's happened to you Jonas? Please, sit down. These caves were once mines... ...they primate the hillside for miles. But these people have been multiplying like rabbits. They don't have the technology to dig themselves more space, ...they don't have the courage to leave the caves. It's like a third world country in a bottle. - And you think yours saving them? - I know I am. These people, their human beings. They're like us. How can we turn our backs on them? Kidnapped from Earth, forced into slavery for centuries! - We can't change that. - Yes we can, we must help. Well how is posing as a god and slowly working these people to death going to helping? I hate that word, stop using it. I'm not posing! It is a matter of definition... ...my people need me. They believe in me, ...and because they believe they work. To death. We're building a civilization, Sam. There are going to be sacrifices. It's better then rotting in caves, ...living and dying in squalor like you've never seen. I'm creating a great people. - In your image? - Yes. It's going to be wondrous! You'll see, ...you'll see. Alright, were going to have to get one of them alone, talk to him. They could give us away. Maybe not, ...maybe not. I think I've got just the candidate. I really wish I understood these drawings. Why don't you ask your people? All knowing. - You knew I would come didn't you? - How could you not? Healer of the emotionally wounded. I was your one failure. The bird with the broken wing that wouldn't heal. You seem to be flying well enough on your own. I hoped that you would understand. I do understand, your sick and you need help. - That your idea of help? - Yes, you're coming back with me. Well, your gonna have to use it, Sam. Go on. It's still loaded, pull the trigger. Do it! So help me, that is the only way your going to stop me. What's a few deaths compared to the survival of MY people? Killing their savior might irritate them a little, but at least I'd be gone. Don't make me do this. Go on, ...pull the trigger, one more fraction of an inch. You had the gun. You appeared to have all the power. Yet, I was in control. That is the strength of a god. My name is Jamala, Jamala. Please don't kill me. - No, we won't. - Jonas said you would come. Devils with power like him here to destroy us. No! No, were not devils. Were men like yourself. I'm Daniel, this is Jack and this is Teal'c. Hi! - Is ha a Jaffa? - Yes. - Don't kill me! - No! It's okay! He's friendly, he's a friend. Smile, look friendly. Your going to have to work on that a little bit. How do you know he's a Jaffa, have you seen one before? No, just stories from when I was a young boy. Long ago. He is a servant of the old gods, yes? Well yes and no. He's from another place. So are we. - Another place? - Earth. It's way, way out there, ...where we're from, Jonas too. See he's not a god, he's just a man. A crazy man, granted, but... Okay, Okay, Jonas is bad. But it's alright, he can't hear you right now, he can't hurt you. But he will if you and your people continue to believe in him and follow him. - No, he will save us! - By laboring you in the sun until extinction? If we finish the temple, Jonas will make the sky orange. It will be safe to come out in the light. - There will be no more sickness. - The sky, orange? The sky. Up there. Yeah, I know what the sky is. Why? When the sky's orange, it's good. There's no more sickness. And Jonas can make the sky orange? Yes, he can. - How do you know? - He say's he can. - Do you know what he's talking about? - I believe so. It's going to be magnificent. Isn't it? What's the point Jonas, ...by the time it's built there'll be no one left to worship you. Please. Mere survival for these people will require unquestioning faith, pure devotion. They must believe in me, if I'm to lead them into the desert, ...to the promised land. I'm merely separating the wheat from the chaff. Besides I'm supposed to be crazy, right? - I never said you were crazy. - But you think it don't you? That's alright. I still have faith in you... ...even if you don't believe in me, yet. - You'll come around. - I don't think so, Jonas. Come here. - What is it? - It is something I have seen the Goa'ulds use. It creates an energy force high in the air. What, protection from the radiation, like this planets sun? The device I saw appeared to turn the sky orange. The cave painting tells of this. They show this symbol. Have you ever actually seen one of these things he's talking about? Where? What is it? Looks like something the Goa'ulds left behind. What I gathered from the local folklore is that... ...the ancient gods used it to make the sky orange, ...to protect the people from the sun sickness. - Some sort of shield. - Yes. - You don't know how to work it? - Not my area of expertise. You never cared about me coming here because you wanted me, Jonas, ...you just wanted me to figure out how to turn this thing on for you. Oh no! That's not true, I sincerely hope that one day... ...you will agree to be my goddess. - Turn it on. - What if I won't? The we will watch every last cave dweller die in the sun, ...before I kill us both. He hath not failed one word of his good promises. I've been carrying this for years. All along I've been looking for God. And here I am. So you betrayed your gods, as I am betraying mine? The beings I betrayed were not gods. They had power, but power alone does not make one a god. Do you understand? Can't leave Connor out there another day, he'll die. We also have to do something about Captain Carter. But if Teal'c can turn on this device, we could seriously undermine Hanson's power. There is a problem with your plan, Daniel. Wait, don't tell me you don't no how to turn it on. Yes, I can turn it on. But there must be two. What are you talking about? The shield technology evolves a force field, ...being bounced back and forth between the two devices. I have only seen one, in his cave. Hanson may not no, he needs the second device. This is the valley. Here is the Stargate. Here is the temple. - Good drawing. - Thank you. Where was the first device found? Then the second device is... Your assuming the Goa'ulds just shut them down and left them in place. - That is correct. - I'm sorry Teal'c. Your calculations could be way off. Connor doesn't have time for us to be wrong. I'll go after him. You try to find that second device. I'll try to meet you back here. This place is like where the other one was found on the far side of the temple. This is like solid rock, well never be able to get through this. Stand aside. I just hope it still functions. Kill me. Are you sure? I've come all this way. - Can you walk? - Yeah. Let's go. Think we can pick up the pace a little bit here? Hey, how you doing? You know we'd love to stick around but some brain- dead sycophant... ...left my buddy out here to die. So were out of here. Move. The control board seems to follow the same basic circuitry patterns... ...as the gate technology. Just turn it on. What is I can't? Colonel O'Neill. Captain. I see everything's working out just as we planned. Shoot him! No! Alright I'll... Wait, your going to turn this thing on in here? Do it now. If it works, I'll spare him. It's beautiful. Will it work? I do not know. Everyone is being forced to gather at the circle of the gods. The Stargate. My children. Today is a great day! The sun stood still in the heavens, ...and hasted not to go down about a whole day. I have the power to help, ...and to cast down. But fear not, ...stand still, ...and see the salvation of the Lord. Today, ...we will bury the doorway, ...that brings forth demons who threaten to undo us. But first... I will send those evil... ...undoers who have already invaded our world, ...back to the hell from whence they came. Fear not, for I the lord your god, control... ...the gateway to the underworld. You said you wouldn't kill them. I'm not, I'm sending them back to Earth. Without sending the signal to open the iris they'll die. Please Sam, I'm having a moment here. I am the lord your god, ...there is nothing I cannot do. No one is greater then I. No one is more powerful then I. Throw them in. Wait! Stop! Back away! Listen to me, ...no matter what Jonas has shown you or done for you, he is not a god. Don't you listen to him! They are demons, agents of the devil! I am your savior! Were not demons, for crying out loud. This... This is not magical power. It is called a gun, and it is a machine. Do as I say! Or you will all die! Do as he says and you WILL die. Do not betray me, ...after all I have done for you! I promised you I would bring you out of the caves, into the light. Today... I fulfill that promised. Behold... ...the magical power that belongs to your god! I give you the sun. I give you the world. - What's wrong? - I don't know! - Fix it! - It's a machine, I can make it work, and so can you, just like Jamala there can fire that staff. Now I'll show you how, there are two devices. And both must be turned on for the shield to work. Watch. I'm taking you with me! Uh, I think we're ready. Think we should tell them to bury the gate after we're gone? Teal'c seems to think the Goa'uld won't be back. ...maybe we should come back and check on these guys. I think we've done enough, don't you? Something else on your mind? I had the chance to end this, Colonel, he literally asked me to do it. Killing a man is no badge of honor, captain. I know. Look, I'm no expert on this thing. I generally read one commandment, and I think it's the first. I am the Lord your God, and you shall take no other God's before me? Okay, so it's not the first one. I'm talking about the "No Killing" one. No matter what the reason, every time you break it, ...you take one step closer to Hanson. Thanks. So, you going to be alright? Yes. The world outside the caves... ...it's very big, yes? Yeah, it's bigger then you can imagine. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 