Stargate SG-1: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Stargate SG-1 
 s1e4 - The Broca Divide - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Stargate SG-1 (1997–2007): Season 1, Episode 4 - The Broca Divide - full transcript 
 SG-1 visits a nameless planet which fascinates Daniel as a casus of the "Broca divide", the cohabitation of stone - and bronze age people: the Touched, aggressive cavemen, and a Minoian urban civilization, the Untouched, but with a twist: it's one population, a disease can turn anyone of the Untouched, who is then banished for life, to prevent contagion, even the king's daughter. Dr. Jackson's frustration when Jack decides to return, because no goa'uld threat is found, won't be repeated as the President has added scientific research to the prioritary objectives, but in this case they didn't leave fast enough: very soon members of the team get symptoms of reversal to an animal state, infecting others on the base. General Hammond is forced to have the whole mountain quarantined. As both Teal'c and Daniel and found to be immune, they return to get a blood sample from the Untouched, while Dr. Fraiser searches frantically for an explanation and cure... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 www.tvsubtitles.net When we completed interviews of all the refugees you brought back from Chulak, ten of them identified the final four symbols the Goa'ulds used to escape through the Chulak Stargate. When we disregard the last one as point- of- origin... ...that leaves three to work with. Captain Carter's computer model has thus far extrapolated only one set of symbols from the Abydos cartouche that contains these three glyphs. Let me guess... that's where we're going. Very good, Colonel. Thank you, sir. I pride myself on my deductive reasoning skills. In one hour, you will go through the Gate to the planet represented by these symbols. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It has been designated P3X- 797. Couldn't we call this planet something that's a little easier to remember? Uh, it's based on a binary code the computer uses for extrapolation. Which makes it *much* easier to remember. We sent an M. A. L. P. probe through thirty minutes ago. Atmosphere is breathable, no detectable radiation, temperature approximately 40 degrees Fahrenheit. Can we see the video playback, sir? There is no playback. Why no playback? It appears to be very dark where the Gate resides on this planet. Well, the MALP probe has lights on it, doesn't it? We think they were... broken during transport through the Gate. This is crazy! We don't know what could be there waiting for us when we come through. Don't you worry, boys. That's why the SG- 3 Marines are coming with. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You can count on us to watch your backsides. Actually, it's more my *front* side I was worried about. "Chevron four, encoded!" "Chevron five, encoded!" You're late. Put these on. Doesn't look like my prescription. "Chevron six, encoded!" Thermal night- vision goggles. Hey, here's a question - why doesn't the MALP have a set of these? "Chevron seven, locked!" SG-1 and SG- 3, you have a go! Repeat, you have a go! Okay! We'll take point! Ah. We'll go through first. You watch our lovely backsides, remember? Have it your way, flyboy. Are you out of your mind? If Skaara or Sha're are on the other side, those jarheads'll open fire on them as soon as they see the light of their eyes... if you know what I mean. You want that? Give us ten count, then come on down! One- one- thousand... Two- one- thousand... Fan out. Fire! I'm real glad it was you who took point! No, I'm okay. Thanks for asking. Everybody else? I think so. What *were* those things? I haven't the slightest idea. THE BROCA DIVIDE Johnson! Daniel! What are they? Well, they don't look completely Homo sapien. Uh, the larger brow ridge would imply Homo erectus, but then again, they'd have canine teeth... ...uh, they could be Australopithecus, but the brow ridge would be less prominent... You don't know, do you? No. Why does that one female look different? She looks more human. We have to stop him! No, that's - how prehistoric males probably had sex. Forcibly. The strongest male gets to mate; that's survival of the fittest. Well, I call it rape, and I think we should stop it! Carter! Where are those rocks coming from? There! Makepeace! You and your men take the wide left flank. We'll take the right. Copy? Let's go. Don't move! All right, hold your fire! Lower your weapons! They could be Goa'ulds. Just keep'em covered. There's no entry scar. They're not Goa'ulds. Lower your weapons, kids. Any idea what they are? My lord, we are the Untouched. I am High Councillor Tuplo. We are pleased the gods have deemed us worthy of a return visit. Gods. Ah... Only the gods come through the Stargate. I think they're talking about us. We should probably start getting used to this kind of treatment. Oh, for crying out loud, we're not gods. Get up. Please. Perhaps they wish us to treat them as mortals. A test? Please. Let us take you to the Land of Light. Love what they've done with the place. I was going to do my living room like this, but... it didn't go with my other stuff. Looks Minoan. Welcome. Please, come. Sit. Is she all right? I do hope. She... is my daughter. What's her name? She is called Melocia. I can only hope we rescued her in time from the hands of the Touched. We must now wait to see if she has been cursed by them. The creatures that took her - what were they, exactly? They are the Touched. They were unfortunate enough to be cursed by the hilk'sha. Hilk'sha. There's a word like that on Abydos. Is that'gods of the earth? ' Gods of the underworld. Evil gods. The hilk'sha needed only to touch the unfortunate among us, and they would become possessed. Pure evil, like wild animals. So these... 'Touched' people used to live here with you? They were us... until they changed. They became too dangerous and we were forced to banish them to the Land of the Dark. And where are these evil gods now? Oh, they do not show themselves. We know only of their presence because of their actions. When was the last time the good gods came around? Well, if *you* are not them, then it has been at least a generation. A generation. Okay... um... will you excuse us for a moment? Ah, no... please, no. Wait. Sounds like the Goa'ulds aren't here and haven't been for some time. That is my assessment as well. Daniel? Carter? I agree. In that case, gear up. We'll move out in fifteen minutes. Wait a minute, move out? Yeah. Back to the Stargate, back to Earth, terra firma, home, you've heard of it? Uh... well... uh... we should stay a while longer and study this society learn how they've evolved from a Minoan culture. I mean, you see those statues over there - those are bulls. The bull is all throughout Minoan culture and art, but we never really knew why. Hey, I'm a big fan of all this stuff. But art appreciation is not what this mission is about. Get your gear together. Find anything? Uh, no, sir. Yes, sir. Uh, actually, sir, we found a whole hell of a lot. Sir. Some beautiful decor, nice folks. Nothing of strategic importance, sir. All right, get cleaned up. Mission debriefing in half an hour. Yes, sir. I'm sorry, sir, I know I'm a guest at this party, but I have to protest. Let me guess, Doctor, this is the science versus military discussion again? Well... yes. This mission was a perfect example of my argument. We should have stayed on that planet longer; it was the perfect opportunity to study Minoan culture. Not to mention primitive man. This really isn't necessary, Doctor, as I've already - Sir, would you let me finish, please? Ok. Um, the people on the dark side are pre- Stone Age, but the people on the light side are clearly from the Bronze Age. So what better opportunity to study the Broca Divide? The what? Excuse me. The Broca Divide. Pierre Paul Broca was a 19th century anthropologist. He founded modern craniometry to study craniums and brains and to compare the divide in intelligence between early species of mankind. Fascinating. Should I start the debriefing, Sir? That would be a good idea, Colonel. Now, just, just... wait a minute! Dr. Jackson, you're wasting your breath. You've already won the argument. But I have to insist you... what, what, what, what? I've already won? The President agrees with you. He's asked that we evaluate the scientific and cultural value of each mission from now on. Oh, for crying out loud. He has. That's great! Wonder how that thing in your gut would like his neck ripped in half? Please release me, Lieutenant Johnson. Johnson! Let him go! Not until this *Goa'uld* apologizes. Lieutenant Johnson, take your seat now. No! General, I would prefer to not hurt this man. What is your problem, Marine? Take him to the infirmary. Tell them to keep him in restraints and check him out. So what do you think that was all about with Johnson? Beats me. Maybe he was drunk. I don't know. It didn't quite seem like inebriation. What the - - What the hell's going on? - I don't know! I didn't see anything! We need medics, section C, stat! Two men down! Carter! Uh... sorry, didn't know you were in here. Mmph! Hey! What the hell's going on? I want you. Why? I mean, no! Carter, this is a little out of line, don't you think? You want me? No, no - not like this, not like - Carter! What's gotten into you? It's about time you saw a doctor, Doctor. Keep her from hurting herself until the sedatives take effect. Is this pretty much what Johnson has? Oh, I'd say so. And the other members of the team. This is the strangest thing I've ever seen. Come on. Let's take a look. We converted DEFCON - 1 living compartments from when this place was a missile silo into isolation chambers. You never know what you're going to bring back through the Stargate. Notice the swelling of the brow ridge? Some are even developing new follicle growth. Any idea what's causing it? Wish I knew. I've got calls in to every specialist in the service, but - I've got one hand tied behind my back because of the need- to- know classification of the Stargate project. And it's spreading. We got two more in an hour later. I've never seen a behavioral disorder like this. All the victims are acting like animals. You think Carter has the same thing? Mmm- hmm. The behavior fits. All the victims are behaving like primitives. Most female low- level primates tend to choose their sexual partners according to who would give them the strongest offspring. The leaders of the pack, or a tribe, were usually the prime choice. You should be flattered. Oh, yeah. I'm honored. Jack! There you are. Going on the Internet to do a little research on Australopithecus, and wow, what happened to you? Oh, I - got in a little wrestling match with Carter. Why? I guess she's got whatever Johnson's got. Had to drag her off to the infirmary. What, did she start a fight with you, like Johnson did with Teal'c? No, she, uh - tried to seduce me. Oh. You... poor man. No, it wasn't like that. She was like a wild animal. She was nuts. Well, is she all right? I should go see her. Why? What do you mean, 'why? ' Because I care about her. You care about her? What's that mean? It means I care about her, she's my friend. Now let - go! She's not yours to care about. What the hell are you talking about? I'm talking about Samantha. You just stay away from her, okay? Okay, Jack. I think you should come with me to the infirmary, okay? Just let go of me and - let go of my - Security! Get in here! Are you okay? We've managed to isolate an organism in the victims' bloodstreams. Organism? Like a parasite? More like a- a parasitical virus. And from what I can tell, it seems to feed on aleens and colenes, chemical transmitters in the body. That includes neurotransmitters. As they're depleted, all but the most primitive parts of the brain seem to just... shut down. That why they act like animals? Actually, the organism seems to release a hormone that stimulates the primitive regions of the brain that are normally dormant. I.. I have never seen anything like this on Earth. Exactly. 'On Earth. ' That would explain the Touched. Beg your pardon? That is what the primitives were called on P3X- 797. The Touched. But I think, given recent events, I think it's safe to say that they aren't born primitive, they must have this very contagious disease. And we came in contact with it, isn't that special? So... the question is, why haven't you and Mr. Teal'c come down with the symptoms? Um... Mr. Teal'c - Teal'c's symbiote probably protects him. That would be likely. Well - what about you, Dr. Jackson? Well, that beats me. You're the doctor, Doctor. Uh, maybe I have a natural immunity. Perhaps you will develop symptoms later. Thank you for the moral support. I am checking both of your blood for the presence of the organism, and I would bet that you both have it. This appears to be highly contagious. Are you saying we could have brought a new plague to this planet? Yes, sir, that's exactly what I'm saying. Well, that's it. I'm ordering this mountain sealed off. No one comes in or goes out until we get a handle on this thing. He is going to damage himself. I've been pumping him with sedatives to control him, but they wear off fast. Help me give him some more. Go, go! Yes, sir, this is General Hammond. Sir, I'm afraid I have a serious situation here. It appears we've brought a very contagious disease through the Stargate. Yes, sir, that's right. No, sir, I've ordered the mountain sealed off, but I think you should order in an armed division to set up a second line of defense. Well, sir, my recommendation is that anyone attempting to leave the mountain should be shot on sight... and the body burned. Good news, General. I could use some of that about now. What is it? These gentlemen don't appear to have the organism in their system. Now if we can just isolate why they've been able to resist it. Perhaps we should ask the Untouched how they avoid contracting the disease. Maybe they know something we don't. I could use a blood sample from one of the uninfected. Maybe they have something in their systems to protect them - something we can synthesize. All right. Either of you know how to draw blood? Doctor, teach them. You go through in half an hour. Gear up. W- w- w- w- wait! Wait! Just the two of us? You're immune! I don't know anyone else who is! Do not worry, Daniel Jackson. The Touched were easily frightened by your loud Earth weapons. We can easily subdue them. That's easy for you to say. Teal'c! It's Melocia. She's alive. It appears she is afflicted. So they just - dump her out here? We dump them in a small room. To protect them. To protect everyone else. There is little difference. You know, you're right? They're like lepers. And the dark side's a leper colony. What is a leper? Oh my God, never mind. We have to help her. Are you planning on helping me? It is a long journey. We should leave her. No. No, let's - go! Teal'c! Fire your weapon! It will frighten them off! Daniel Jackson! Daniel! Daniel Jackson! Sorry, Colonel O'Neill, but your private room just became semi- private. We're running out of places to put all the victims. We've used the brigs, we've used the temp quarters, some of the storage rooms. Doc... doc... Did you say something? Give... more... What? Give more what? More... An injection? You mean you want more sedative? You've already had more than the maximum safe dosage, twice as much as anyone else because you've been more violent. Give. No. It's not safe. GIVE! Give. Why are you so insistent? Must have been in a lot of pain. Doocc! Colonel O'Neill? So you are still in there somewhere. Dream... dream? I'm afraid not, Colonel, it's very real. This is interesting... sedative must knock back the primitive mind. Colonel, listen to me. I am not going to be able to keep you at this level for very long. It is too dangerous. It could cause permanent brain damage. What? Wha- what is it? It's a parasitic virus. All we can tell is that it seems to mess with body chemicals - all of them. Testosterone levels skyrocket, thus the aggressive behavior. It's a histamine- alytic, which means it breaks down histamine. - Experiment. - Wha- s Experiment. On... me. Experiment on you? No, sir, I can't do that. Use me. Welcome back, my Lord. Where are your friends? My friends are ill because of this place. They have joined the Touched. They were cursed by the hilk'sha. It is not a curse. It is a disease. I lost my friend on the dark side of this planet. You must help me retrieve him. Why? So he can give you the curse? So he can give all of us the curse? No, no! He is better off where he is. He does not have the disease. He is immune. He is not cursed. Then by now, he is gone. He had your daughter with him. Melocia... is dead. No. She is out there. On the dark side. I have seen her. Help me retrieve her and my friend. She is among the Touched. She can no longer... function amongst us. Therefore, she is dead. She is not dead. If I believed otherwise, do you not think I would help my own daughter? Many of us have loved ones among the Touched. My own father is there. But we accept that we cannot help them. Therefore, they are dead to us. How can you be so without heart? I must ask you to leave. If you will not help me find my friend, then I must have a sample of your blood. Our blood? Blood is our lifeforce. I assure you it will cause you no harm. I cannot abide this... *one* in my presence any longer! You are not welcome here. When we return, I expect to find you gone. I am sorry. "All personnel, be advised that the mountain is now under a Code 5 lockdown. " "The mountain is now under a Code 5 lockdown. " Thank God you're back. What happened to Captain Carter? She was stabbed by her roommate. Don't worry, it's superficial, she's going to be okay. We've run out of space. We've had to start doubling up on the iso rooms. I have retrieved the blood sample you requested. Good work, Mr. Teal'c. Colonel O'Neill. Teal'c? I am afraid I lost Daniel Jackson on the dark side of the planet. I am sorry. Colonel O'Neill? I think I might have something. I was examining the blood sample that Mr. Teal'c brought me, and then it hit me. There was very little histamine in it. If the people on that planet are human as you say, they have to have histamine in their blood. How does this help us? Well, as I said before, this microbe is a histamine- alytic. It feeds on histamine. The Untouched have no histamine in their bodies, so the organism couldn't survive in them. I do not understand. It is the Untouched that become the Touched. If they have none of the substance of which you speak, why then do some of them change? Because only some of them have this low histamine level - which means that there's probably a naturally occurring antihistamine in their diets. The ones who don't eat it eventually contract the organism. Which is what gave me an idea. I checked the files. Both Dr. Jackson and I have acute rhenitis caused by severe allergies. Explain. I take strong antihistamines every day. So did Dr. Jackson. I have no histamine for the microbe to feed on. Just like the Untouched, the organism starves in my body. Does this mean you have a cure? We have to try mega- doses of chloropheniramine malleate on someone and see if it works. Me. I thought you might say that. Now the dose required to completely clear the body of histamine for a long enough period of time could be harmful. You're sure. Now all we can do is wait. You'd better lock him up again. Teal'c! Doc! Open the door! Teal'c! Colonel O'Neill? Lucy, I'm ho- ome! I am not Lucy. I know that. It's a reference to an old TV. Never mind. Open the door. I will summon the doctor. No, come on. I'm fine. I'm back to being myself. Just open up. I cannot be certain that you are back to being yourself. You referred to me as'Lucy. ' Oh, for crying out loud, will you just open the door? This stuff works. Let's find Doc. Chevron three, encoded! Chevron four, encoded. The guns are loaded with tranquilizer darts filled with chloropheniramine. Now a direct hit on a Touched man or woman should knock them out long enough in order to starve the disease. Good luck. Thanks, Doc. Are we going to try to tranq all of the Touched? Just the ones that get in the way of us finding Daniel. We'll leave the rest for the Untouched. You think he's still alive? "Chevron seven, locked!" Let's find out. Guess the antihistamine wore off. Daniel, you dog. Keep this up, you'll have a girl on every planet. Just let me give him an injection. What are you doing? You must not bring the Touched among us! Leave now. Just hear us out, please? We found a cure. And we can bring back Melocia. And your father. Put him in the isolation circle. We will hear you. Let him pass. If you are not gods, how did you destroy the curse? As we've been saying, Tuplo, it's not a curse. It's a disease. A sickness. Jack! There's our boy. Where are we? The light side of P3X- 797. I thought we were going to give it a better name. He's back. He's normal. Explain. We know how to... lift the curse. Huh! If you are not gods... Come out there with us. We'll show you. Father! Oh, oh... You have done it, my lord. Thank you. We'll teach you how to take care of the rest. Uh, sir? Yeah? About my earlier behavior... I wasn't myself, and- Oh, Carter, I don't even *remember* your earlier behavior. You don't? No, I was infected too, remember? Right! Good, I'm - I'm glad. By the way, how's the wound? Wound? I understand you got stabbed in the stomach? Oh, yeah, that - that was nothing. With any luck, there won't even be a scar. Well, good. I was concerned. You were? Sure. If it doesn't heal properly, you'll never wear that sweet little tank top number again. Subtitles: Ledik & bundaboy 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 