Warrior: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Warrior 
 s2e2 - The Chinese Connection - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Warrior (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 2 - The Chinese Connection - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Whenever you're ready, I'm betting I can help. I don't need any help. Saw these guys at the fight pit. They call themselves Teddy Boys. Chinese scalp is your way in. If you can't find me one fucking swordsman‐‐ I'll get someone to come. Give me something I can use. Don't overestimate how much I'll suffer to keep your secret. Speaking of secrets, have you gone to see yours? I did everything I could to keep you out 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 of that tournament. Then you ordered my death. We need a local source we can trust. The mayor's wife has 100 coolies. You understand the position you're putting me in? Is he stable enough to move? Fuckin' cunt! Floyd! Get back here, you bastard! I‐‐I think you broke my fucking ribs. ‐ Yeah, well that's nothing compared to what the Fung Hai'll do to ya. ‐ Now pay up. ‐ Okay, okay. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ‐ God, you fuckin' stink. ‐ That's for making me run. ‐ This deal had better work. If this guy fucks us we won't have a dime left to buy from China. ‐ Father Jun won't start treating you like an equal till you make him see you as one. ‐ Why are you pushing this so hard all of a sudden? ‐ I thought this is what you wanted. ‐ Yeah, maybe. But it's starting to feel like you want it more. I'm just saying, if there's a fuckin' agenda here, I want to know about it. ‐ I'm the one who lost that fight and let Mai Ling in, so I guess my agenda... is to kick her the fuck back out. ‐ Okay, I can get behind that. And you may have lost that fight, but Father Jun should never have agreed to it in the first place. ‐ You're late. Happy Jack doesn't like to be kept waiting. ‐ He's in the back. ‐ They're with me. ‐ You're late. ‐ Happy Jack? He doesn't look so happy. ‐ You didn't say anything about tongs. I don't need that kind of headache. ‐ Just hear them out, okay? ‐ What do they need me for? They have their own sources. ‐ If he doesn't want to take our money we'll find someone who does. ‐ Look who speaks the King's English. ‐ Oh, he's not my king. 200 a crate. That's the going rate, right? ‐ Maybe. ‐ We'll need a dozen to start. ‐ To start? You vouch for them? ‐ I wouldn't be here if I didn't. ‐ And we'll need you to store it for us. Somewhere we can pull it out in pieces. How's 210 a crate? Three. ‐ For 300 I can keep getting it from China. ‐ Then maybe that's what you should do. ‐ Jack‐‐ ‐ I import it, I sell it, I deliver it. I'm not in the storage business; too much risk, so you're going to have to pay extra for that. ‐ 250. If this works, the orders will get bigger. ‐ You have the cash? ‐ I've got half on me. ‐ Leave it. Come back tonight with the rest. ‐ I don't have all fucking day. In or out right now. ‐ Guess now we know what makes him happy. ‐ There you are. I've been doing some thinking. ‐ In a minute. ‐ The first victims‐‐ Morgan and Davis‐‐ they had a history of harassing the Chinese, right? They beat those poor bastards to death, got off in court, were killed soon after‐‐ one beheaded, the other disemboweled. ‐ Jesus, Lee. It's 8:00 in the morning. ‐ A quarter past, actually. Now we have these Teddy Boys, the dead hooligans from the other day. Also known to attack the Chinese and in their case take their queues as trophies. ‐ Where the hell are my cigarettes? ‐ In the months between Morgan and Davis and the Teddy Boys now, we have had three other instances of murder by sword, all of which makes sense in a Chinese vengeance scenario. ‐ Okay, okay. Lee, you're standing there spewing information that I already know, so I assume‐‐ ‐ Timmons and McCormick. ‐ The real estate tycoons. ‐ Yes. Neither had any business dealings with the Chinese or were ever known to express any anti‐Chinese sentiment‐‐ not publicly, anyway. They were businessmen, capitalists who no doubt approved of coolie labor. ‐ They don't fit. ‐ No, they do not. ‐ Did you even go home last night? ‐ Look, I spent the last few days going through Timmons' business dealings, bank deposits, property records, looking for any other inconsistencies. ‐ What the hell are you doing that for? No wonder you're still getting headaches. You're a cop, not a fuckin' accountant. ‐ Just listen. The last deal Timmons made was to sell a piece of property in Spring Valley to a Leonard Patterson for $5,000. ‐ So? ‐ So that property was originally listed at just over $2,000. That's less than half what Patterson paid for it. ‐ Mornin'. ‐ And the deal was signed over on the same day Timmons and his partner were murdered. ‐ Your theory is that this Patterson discovered that he'd overpaid and in a blinding rage he grabbed his trusty sword and disemboweled the sellers. ‐ Maybe. Look, I'm just saying there's something fishy about that deal. ‐ So, um... I guess you'll wanting to talk to this Patterson. ‐ Never get the lard unless you boil the hog. ‐ I'll take your word for it. ‐ You must have property insurance, Leland. ‐ Against fire, flood, and theft. Not dynamite, for god's sake! Not sabotage! ‐ Penny. This is a closed‐door session, dear. ‐ This is an emergency meeting for business owners, is it not? ‐ Correct. ‐ Now, Leland. I'm sure we can find some tax relief for you that will soften the blow. ‐ An interest‐free loan, perhaps. ‐ Yes, we'll get you back on your feet as quickly as possible. ‐ That's a generous offer. Does it extend to everyone in this room? ‐ Of course, the first order of business will be to ensure this kind of attack doesn't happen again. I spoke with Chief Flannagan this morning. His men have already begun scouring the city for those responsible. ‐ We already know who's responsible and unless you're prepared to arrest all of Leary's workingmen‐‐ ‐ Well, that's hardly possible‐‐ ‐ Mrs. Blake is right. We'd be better served with those same officers guarding our work sites. ‐ Yes, but‐‐ ‐ According to Chief Flannagan, the force is already overextended as it is. ‐ You spoke to Flannagan? Well, that's hardly appropriate. ‐ The real question is will this office do anything to protect the city's industries from Leary's thugs? ‐ Mm‐hmm, yes. ‐ I like that. ‐ Fuckin' chink. ‐ Chao. ‐ Claire. It's light. Work has been little hard. New dress? Very nice. Expensive, eh? ‐ Lady can't come up in the world if she doesn't have a proper dress. I haven't been entertaining, if that's what you're wondering. You give her this, hmm? ‐ Hannah? ‐ Don't. ‐ Hannah. Look who's here. ‐ Hello. Bah. Huh? ‐ What do you say? ‐ Thank you. ‐ Thank you, what? ‐ Thank you, Papa. ‐ Not Papa. Friend. Just friend. Understand? Good. Okay, go. Don't do that. ‐ I just thought‐‐ ‐ Don't think. ‐ Truth is, I never met Mr. Timmons or his associate. All of our business was conducted through the bank. I was shocked when I heard what happened. I mean, it's a terrible thing. ‐ Mr. Patterson, the bank records show you paid more than double the asking price for the Spring Valley property. Do you mind if I ask why? ‐ Well, Mr. Timmons listed the property rather low. There were multiple bidders. Didn't take long to drive the price up. ‐ Even so, sir, I checked quite a few properties in surrounding areas with similar acreage. They don't price at anywhere near what you paid. You must admit, it's exorbitant. ‐ Like I said, there were other offers. And I knew a substantial overpayment would assure me the sale. I took a risk. The land has good long‐term prospects. Well, if that's all, gentlemen. ‐ Ever do any business with the Chinese, Mr. Patterson? ‐ Why would I do that? You never know what those people are gonna use the buildings for. ‐ Now, if you'll excuse me, my next appointment will be here shortly. ‐ Lee. Thank you for your time, Mr. Patterson. ‐ Well? ‐ I've played enough poker to spot a bluff when I hear it. ‐ The man's definitely hiding something. ‐ I've also met enough murderers to know he doesn't have the stones. ‐ No. You never know what a man might do to protect his fortune. I reckon we dig into his business a little more. It'll lead us somewhere. ‐ Well, to financial crimes maybe, but to a Chinese swordsman? It's a reach. ‐ We're onto something here. Just gotta find the Chinese connection. What? ‐ Well, every so often, it feels good to actually do a little police work. ‐ Miss. ‐ You came. Jacob told me you were back with the Hop Wei. ‐ Did you ask me here just to disapprove of me? 'Cause honestly, I'm a little busy. No. Of course not. I‐‐I‐‐I'm sorry, um... Would you like some tea? ‐ Um... How about you just get to the point? ‐ Leary's goons are still harassing my men. Every day. And as I'm sure you've heard, another factory that hires Chinese workers was blown up last night. My guards have quit and I can't seem to find anyone willing to replace them. ‐ Okay. ‐ I can pay you. And your... associates. All you need to do is keep my workers safe and my factory secure. ‐ You can't be serious. ‐ I'm dead serious. ‐ You called me a criminal. ‐ I was angry. ‐ And now you want us criminals to work for you? ‐ I need protection. ‐ Which, if you think about it, makes you a criminal. ‐ It's to protect your own people. ‐ Don't. Even if this wasn't a terrible idea, which it is, for a million reasons, your father would never agree to it. ‐ My father is dead. That day when they attacked the factory, he had a heart attack. ‐ I'm sorry. ‐ I don't need your sympathy. I need men. I'll pay a fair wage. ‐ Why don't you just hire the Irish and be done with it? ‐ What, Leary and his thugs just... win? ‐ It's good to see you, Penny. ‐ So that's it, then? ‐ Yeah, that's it. ‐ San Francisco Police. This is a raid. Johns out. ‐ Oh, come on. ‐ San Francisco Police! ‐ The hell is this? Already paid you guys! ‐ Fuck down. Move! We good here? ‐ You should be arresting these men. ‐ My orders were to take you in and take you out. Go get your girls. ‐ While you get your kickback. ‐ Tell you what. I won't tell you how to be a bossy rich widow, and you don't tell me how to be a cop. ‐ Oh, come on! ‐ Shit! ‐ Oh, God. ‐ Got the money? ‐ You hold it. Otherwise you'll have to pry it out of my hands. I still can't believe I let you talk me into this. ‐ Let's go. ‐ From the minute you came into the world, you carried on. Screaming and crying all day and all night. Kept your mother awake for days at a time. ‐ My mother? ‐ She couldn't handle you. So at four months old, she left you here. "He's your problem now." She saw your stubbornness as a curse. I didn't see it that way. I saw a born fighter. But the stiffest tree cracks easiest. Mai Ling will learn that the hard way. While we will survive by bending with the wind. ‐ But we're losing, Father. There's a difference between bending and bending over. ‐ All my life, I've never backed down from a fight. But we must pick our moment. You're the only one I trust. But now I need you to trust me. We uphold our end of the treaty until I say otherwise. Get me? ‐ I get you. ‐ What the fuck are you talking about? We had a deal. ‐ Then give us back that money and we'll find another source, how about that? ‐ That's not how it works. Your order is already in process. ‐ Ah. ‐ It'd be a shame to waste that beautiful hairdo on a corpse. Now everybody calm the fuck down. I have your shit. But the cops have been cracking down. They raided two shops in the area today already, and I cannot get caught holding. So you can walk out of here empty‐handed and broke or you can tell me where you want the opium delivered before I turn around and find somebody who will. ‐ Bit thicker than usual. ‐ Long Zii used to say you always want your partners to be fatter than you. ‐ Fatter is fine, but that wasn't the goal of our arrangement, was it? Your little truce with the Hop Wei is starting to try my patience. ‐ That truce has allowed us to increase our share of the molasses trade. And yes, business is good, but the other tongs are getting restless. It's only a matter of time before they get greedy and make a move. Until then, enjoy the spoils. ‐ You're assuming that I have the luxury of time. And worse, you're assuming that you do. I need chaos, and quickly. Mai Ling‐‐ never make the mistake of thinking that this arrangement makes us partners. I sell, you buy. That's the market we find ourselves in today. Tomorrow could be a different story. ‐ Hey. ‐ What can I get you? ‐ Uh, whiskey. With a little something extra in it. ‐ Extra what? ‐ You got laudanum? ‐ You got money? ‐ Keep going. ‐ I can't make change for that. ‐ Keep it. ‐ Hey. What's your name? ‐ Why? ‐ Look, friendly warning‐‐ you don't wanna be walking around alone out there when that stuff kicks in. Why don't you... come in the back? I got a place you can sleep it off. Or if you don't feel like sleeping... We can talk. I'm Abigail. You okay, honey? ‐ Nora? What‐‐what'd you do to me? ‐ Don't wake the kids. ‐ To hell with 'em. ‐ You seemed to enjoy that. ‐ Can you blame me? Not having to do all the work around here for a change? ‐ Last time you made love to me like that, you gave me twins. I swear, Bill O'Hara, if you put another baby in me, I'll kill you. You have my permission to do so. But before you do‐‐ ‐ What's this? ‐ It's jewelry. Goes around your neck. ‐ I've seen a necklace before, Bill. I'm asking what are you doing with it. Please tell me this isn't poker winnings. ‐ Have you ever known me to win anything? ‐ Come on. You've been strangely flush lately. ‐ Well, put in a few extra shifts. There's a chink swordsman on the loose, if you haven't heard. ‐ Enough shifts to buy something like this? ‐ Fine. I'll take it back. God forbid your husband should try to do something nice for you in once in a while. ‐ Hey. I love how badly you want to give us everything you never had. I just want you to know that I don't need jewelry or steak. I just need my husband to come home at the end of every shift spent in that godforsaken place. ‐ Nothing is gonna happen to me. ‐ It better not. ‐ Here. ‐ Hiyah! ‐ What's this? ‐ The Suey Sing have apparently decided to start selling opium now. Quietly. In back alleys and brothels. ‐ Who told you that? ‐ He did. After our men caught him. ‐ The Suey Sing are too small to take on the Hop Wei or Long Zii. Why would they risk it? ‐ The Hop Wei had a stranglehold on the molasses business for so long, now that we've broken it, it makes sense other tongs would see what they could get away with. ‐ They're not a threat. ‐ No. But we have an opportunity here to send a message. ‐ A message? ‐ That the Long Zii will protect what's ours every bit as much as the Hop Wei. ‐ Mai Ling. Their leader is young. Lao Che can be reckless, but he's not stupid. Let me talk to him. ‐ Li Yong. Bring Zing with you. Let them see who's behind us. ‐ Are you reconsidering my offer? ‐ Why are you doing this? ‐ This? ‐ You could easily sell it. Go back to your painting. Why go to all this trouble? ‐ I tell my sisters it's our father's legacy. And that's true. But the real reason is actually more of a lie I tell myself‐‐ that this place means I don't depend on my husband's money. So, uh‐‐ I can offer you protection. But... what can you offer me? ‐ Eight guards should do it. Let's say $4 a week, per man. ‐ Seven. ‐ That's above market rate. I can't afford that. ‐ As long as we're here, no one will touch this place. You know that. ‐ Five. That's as high as I can go. ‐ I'll be back in an hour with the first shift. ‐ We are watching the slow, relentless decay of our hard‐won democracy. We cannot allow anxiety and dread to become the law of the land. We cannot stand by and watch our moral fiber be compromised. Yet here we are in the throes of uncertainty, living in a time when people feel the need to blow up buildings in order to be heard, when the yellow peril is spreading faster than your mayor can contain it. And your police chase their own tails while citizens continue to be cut to shreds by Chinese swordsmen? Where, I ask you, are hardworking, God‐fearing Americans like you supposed to turn? Send them back! Send them back! ‐ Send them back! Send them back! Send them back! Send them back! ‐ Look at him pandering to the labor class like he's one of them. And they're lapping it up like hungry dogs. They'll vote for a fuckin' millionaire and then wonder why they're getting fucked. ‐ Politics. I would think you'd be used to it by now. ‐ But now he's denigrating my fuckin' office, Bill. Do you see why that's upsetting to me? Especially as I can't point to any fuckin' progress. ‐ We're working a lead. ‐ I don't care who you have to shake down to get an arrest but find me a fuckin' swordsman so I can shove it down that bloviating bastard's throat. ‐ Friends! I have done all I can from the State Capitol. All I can. Soon it'll be your turn. Use your privilege as Americans and send me to Washington where I'll have the authority to draft laws‐‐ laws that will send them, all of them, back to China! Yes! Send them home! Get them out of here! ‐ Well, look who's decided to grace us with his fuckin' presence. ‐ Back to China! ‐ Good morning, Chief. ‐ The hell it is. ‐ God bless you, sir! God bless you all! Get out and vote! Back to China! Get 'em out of here! Yes! Yes, sir! ‐ Rough night? ‐ I'll live. ‐ So this is the notorious Banshee. Yeah, I believe my father actually came in here once. ‐ Somehow I doubt that. ‐ No, I'm sure. He, um. Came in here to hire workers to lay track for the cable car. ‐ Your father was Byron Mercer? ‐ I imagine you didn't like him very much. ‐ Well, to be fair, he didn't like me very much either. What do you think he'd say if he saw you in here? Well, I don't much care. Which was usually the problem between us. ‐ That's Beethoven, is it? ‐ "Moonlight Sonata." You like it? ‐ You're very good. ‐ I'm sloppy. I never gave it the time it needed. My teacher, Madame Le Claire, said I was awash in the stink of wasted potential. At least I think that's what she said. I failed French. ‐ Finishing school, huh? ‐ I dropped out. Which, I suppose means I'm unfinished. ‐ Thank you, Mr. Leary, for letting me play. ‐ Fuck me. ‐ That fuckin' snake! Why the hell did he add fuel to that fire? And throw me on the pyre of process? ‐ I don't know, Mr. Mayor. To motivate you, perhaps? ‐ Motivate me? He embarrassed me. ‐ Well, if embarrassment is your concern, perhaps it's your wife you need to be dealing with. ‐ What? ‐ You can't pretend to be against Chinese labor while your own wife is hiring coolies. ‐ I'm trying to keep the city from burning down and you're talking about my wife. If the people of San Francisco were truly aware of what happens in Chinatown on a daily basis‐‐ how close they're all living to the ninth circle of hell‐‐ they'd be up in arms. We wouldn't be able to contain them. ‐ And we'd have no trouble getting the Exclusion Act passed. ‐ Sometimes I wonder who you work for, Buckley. ‐ The people of San Francisco, Mr. Mayor. As do you. ‐ Idiot. ‐ Mr. Nichols, I presume. ‐ How'd you know that? ‐ I know a lot about you, Mr. Nichols. I know you worked for the Pinkertons. And I know why they fired you. ‐ Then you'll know I'm not interested in whatever it is you're selling. ‐ I'm not selling. I'm buying. I hear you still do a little private consulting. ‐ The Pinkertons won't work for a Chinese gal. That it? Even one who speaks English as well as you. ‐ Walter Buckley. ‐ The Deputy Mayor. What about him? What do you need? ‐ Insurance. ‐ It's bullshit. He sold some old shit he found in his back pocket. We're not dealing. ‐ He's lying. ‐ Oh, fuck you, Genghis Cunt! ‐ I don't need your confession, Lao Che. It just has to stop. This is the only warning you'll get, do you understand? Listen, Li Yong‐‐ ‐ Shh. I only need to hear two words. ‐ I understand. ‐ Let's go. ‐ I don't know why you even bother with these bottom‐feeders. This onion just lied to your face. You Mongol dogs think you can come into my house‐‐ ‐ The hell is wrong with you? When Mai Ling finds out about this‐‐ ‐ Do you really think she didn't' know what would happen? Huh? Why else would she send me with you? ‐ Miss Davenport. You not come back here for many months. I think maybe you finally give up. ‐ Well, there were other establishments that required more immediate attention, but I've been meaning to come back. ‐ All my girls very happy, as always. ‐ I'm sure it helps to tell yourself that. ‐ They choose this life. I give them job. Bed. Clean clothing. ‐ Ah, Miss Davenport. Here to save world again. ‐ Oh, no, just your people, since you're too busy exploiting them. Well, someone has to. ‐ Save them or exploit them? ‐ Yes. ‐ So? ‐ My girls can go any time they want. I own no one. ‐ May I visit with them? ‐ Of course. Whoa, whoa, whoa. ‐ You've played that same fucking song three times tonight. Do you know anything else? ‐ I'm sorry, Mr. Leary. I could play you "Olde Irish Rose" if you like. ‐ Jesus, no. I'm sick of that one. My struggle life, it is over! This thing between you two, or whatever it is, we're all gonna suffer for it. And, what you are doing, it's smart business. What the f‐‐ ‐You must trust. ‐But trust goes both ways. This isn't gonna end well. I'll do whatever he wants. I did what I had to do. This isn't the time to lose your nerve. Two hundred a crate. That's the going rate, right? Maybe. I'll need a dozen to start. In season two, Ah Sahm and Young Jun are looking to expand the opium business by getting a domestic supplier, which Father Jun would never do. Vega introduces them to Happy Jack, who's one of the prime opium dealers of the time. Because Happy Jack is such a big presence in the Barbary Coast, a very menacing presence, too, and he runs the majority of the opium dealings in the Barbary Coast, Vega knows that Ah Sahm's in good hands with Happy Jack. He will still have a shroud of secrecy around his opium dealing. Ah Sahm is very confident about this deal. And although Young Jun agrees with him, Young Jun has more reservations. However, if Ah Sahm who's been a brother‐in‐arms through a lot of battles, thinks it's the right move, let's do this. If Ah Sahm and Young Jun let Father Jun do his thing, they think that maybe the Hop Wei would just gradually be taken over. They think they're doing what's best for the Tong. Jacob told me you were back with the Hop Wei. Did you ask me here just to disapprove of me? Because honestly, I'm a little busy. Penny and Ah Sahm, I mean, they've been through a lot. In season one, they dared to hope there may be a world in which they could be together. They've each been through so much in the interim and they're fighting their own battles right now. At the end of season one, Penny and Ah Sahm have gone their separate ways. When we meet them back in season two, Penny probably thinks that she would have nothing to do with him. Until she's in a situation where she needs him. Leary's goons are still harassing my men. Ah Sahm is finished with Penny. He got caught up with that. And that's not what he's supposed to be doing right now. I need protection! Which if you think about it, makes you a criminal. You see her morals being questioned and her whole kind of sense of right and wrong, and he represents that for her. He's like, "Now you want my help?" She kinda has to just get on the knees and just say, "Yeah, I need help." San Francisco Police. This is a raid. Jaunt out. The scenes that really surprised me this season, in terms of my reaction to them, were the scenes in the crib brothels that Nellie goes and busts and saves these, you know, these young Chinese girls from. Being there on set, I was surprised at how affected I was by seeing these young actresses play out these dark, hopeless scenes that these young Chinese girls really did have to go through. Nellie Davenport, who's based on the real‐life Donaldina Cameron, is a woman of wealth from white mainstream society who makes it her mission to rescue sex slaves from crib brothels. Miss Davenport. You not come back here for many months. In coming across Ah Toy, Nellie challenges Ah Toy, calls out any element of hypocrisy she sees about Ah Toy, and in doing so I think it forces Ah Toy to look at the choices she's made and maybe the justifications she's made for the world that she's built around herself. My girls can go anytime they want. I own no one. The Suey Sing have apparently decided to start selling opium now. We have an opportunity here to send a message. A message? That the Long is able to protect what's ours. Every bit as much as the Hop Wei. The first few episodes of season two, you meet Mai Ling in a place where her guard is up and there is a mask that she has to wear to protect herself. You see her break for the first time and she is vulnerable with Li Yong. We can tell that Li Yong is trying to bring Mai Ling back on a path that he believes, "This is the right way‐‐" Right way for her, right way for Tong. Of course, Mai Ling has her own perspective of where the Tong is gonna go. And then, you know, it reached the point that to do something to save her, to save Long Zi, like‐‐ Kaboom! OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 