Mr. Iglesias: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Mr. Iglesias 
 s1e1 - Some Children Left Behind - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Mr. Iglesias (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Some Children Left Behind - full transcript 
 On the last day of class before summer break, Gabe learns several of his students are being transferred out of Woodrow Wilson High School. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 All right, it's the last day of school. We got five minutes to go over all of American history. Wiped out the indigenous people, oppressed the blacks, did some good stuff around World War II, and now the sun is setting on our empire. Yeah, I guess we did cover it all. Yeah, and even some stuff that didn't happen. - Like... landing on the moon. - Come on! I really gotta get you off Reddit, Lorenzo. All right, I see everybody gazing, looking out the window, ready to go full Braveheart on everyone. "They might take our lives, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 but they'll never take our freedom!" Sorry, Ms. Thompson! I didn't mean to scare you! Oh, that's not gonna end well. Of course, England did take Scotland's freedom, and they've had it for over 700 years. Don't tell Mel Gibson. Wait, Mel Gibson lost? Yeah, it was kind of the beginning of a long losing streak for him. All right, bonus points. What did America have that Scotland didn't have, besides men who wear pants? This is coming from a guy wearing shorts. I got this. Weapons. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Seriously, Walt? You... You think the Scots got to the battlefield and were like, "Hey, Angus, is there something we're forgetting?" "Oh, no, I got my charger and my Bluetooth speakers." "What're we forgetting?" "Weapons!" America was basically a castle with a 3,000-mile moat. It's called the Atlantic Ocean. Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding! Marisol is right once again! Oh! You're always right. You're worse than my ex. All right, look, you guys. It took the British two months to sail food all the way across to here, all right? They could've just called Domino's. Ooh! I'll split a Meatlovers. My man. Okay, lightning round. Who remembers the Monroe Doctrine? Anyone else? Go ahead. In 1823, James Monroe declared any intervention by external powers in the politics of the Americas a hostile act. So smart. James Monroe! Yeah, Mikey, real smart. Okay, now, while Monroe is best remembered for his doctrine, I think he really should be remembered as the first president with enough courage to say, "Enough with the powdered wigs." I mean, seriously. Aside from RuPaul, who thought this was a good look? Our country was founded by a bunch of dudes who woke up every morning asking their wives, "M'lady, have you seen my wig? I... I can't seem to find... And my powder, I cannot find my powder! Where is my powder?" Anyway, we went 200 years without such a bizarre hairstyle again. Until now. We went from powdered wigs to one wig dipped in Cheeto dust. ♪ Mr. Iglesias ♪ ♪ Mr. Iglesias ♪ At ease, y'all. Oh, hey. Mr. Iglesias is the cool teacher. Why can't I be the cool principal, hmm? - That's not a real question! - Oh! Hold on! Hold on! Before you run off and ghost ride your whips, play dominoes on your stoop, drink your sizzurp... What is this old beat talking about? I want you to tell me something you learned this year. Grace, you wanna make me look good in front of Principal Madison? Grace talks in front of people now? I thought she had social anxiety. Uh, she does, but she learned how to talk using the computer. She's still a little shy, though. I learned that Principal Madison sometimes cries in the parking lot in her Ford Fiesta. Not shy enough. And for the record, it is a Hyundai Elantra. And for the record, Grace's Wi-Fi just went bye-bye. Gabe, I will see you in my office at 11:15. And some of you, I will see next year. - Hey, wait, what do you mean, "some"? - We just became sophomores! Yup! Yup! PE requirements, done! Everybody have a good summer! Stay outta trouble! Don't get caught! Can I talk to you, Mr. Iglesias? Being that I'm the only person you speak to out loud, I have to say yes. I... I wanted to warn you, Paula's probably a little cranky. She hasn't been getting a lot of pokes on her dating app, if you know what I mean. I know what you mean, but do you know what you mean? Grace, we talked about your hacking problem. How about you? Are you on any dating sites? Uh... I, uh... Just one. It's called, uh, "taking time to reflect on my personal mistakes... dot com." Have a good summer! Oh, this is sick! - 1962 VW Bus. Hippie not included. - Ah! You can put it on your dashboard for your summer trip. Oh, thank you. Dashboard? What do you mean, dashboard? No, I'm putting this in a safety-deposit box. You know, this is officially the nicest thing I own. God, I hope you're kidding. But you deserve it. Thanks for a great year, Mr. Iglesias. This is cool! "Hey, come on, man, let's go!" "I'm hungry." "Well, let's go to Chipotle!" "Hey, you know that's not real Mexican food." "I don't care, I'm high." - Tony! - Hey, bro. Dude, were you just stealing out of the basket? No. Come on, man. This is the GoFundMe for Mr. Hayward's new hip. I had another bad year at the track. Oh, big surprise. You know who doesn't have a bad year at the track? The track. Well, you know what they say about gambling. "Just keep trying." Eh, sounds like your dating life. Yeah, well, anyway, my losing streak... means I gotta teach summer school. That freakin' sucks, man. I wish you could go with me on this road trip. Yeah, man, it'd be like Thelma & Luis. Ah, there she is. Rookie of the year. Oh, I don't know about that. Come on, Abby, you're the only new teacher this year. If you don't win, that's just sad. But I can be the strong-but-tender shoulder for you to cry on. Ooh! Now I really wanna win. So, are you excited for your road trip, Gabe? Yeah. My bus is all gassed up, got my '90s Spotify playlist ready with a lot of R&B.; Yeah. ♪ I would never find another lover ♪ ♪ Sweeter than you Sweeter than you ♪ ♪ And I would never find another lover ♪ ♪ More precious than you More precious than you ♪ You guys are adorable. - Yeah, well... - Yeah. You know who's gonna love you? My fiancé. Ah, "fiancé," man. Yeah, that's French for "don't put your fry in her ketchup." - Abby? Nobody's told you? - Hmm? What? No relationship survives moving to California. No. You gotta find that special someone... - here. - Oh. I hate to agree with him on this one, but yeah. You know those things you found charming back in South Dakota? Ah, they just won't measure up here - in the big leagues. - Uh-uh. Oh! So, you two are the big leagues? Yup. Us and Ryan Gosling. Hey, Mr. Hayward! Gabriel. When are you going to start calling me Ray? What would've happened if we called you Ray - when you were our teacher? - I would've whipped your asses. Hey! Hey, who's been dipping in my hip money? You know, my grandmother had a hip replacement. Yeah? How's she doing? Oh, she only used it for a month, so... we got most of our money back. Hey, you got another year left in you, Mr. Hayward? The only way I can get out of here without a goddamn party in my honor is on a gurney with a sheet over my head. - Great, have a nice summer! - Yeah, yeah. ♪ And all my life ♪ ♪ I prayed for someone like you ♪ ♪ And I thank God ♪ ♪ That I finally found you ♪ ♪ All my life ♪ Don't look at me, boo. ♪ I prayed for someone like you ♪ I gotta get a date. - Do you have any brothers? - Two. But they're married. Not to each other, that would be weird. Well, marriage is not necessarily a deal-breaker. Sneaking around can be an aphrodisiac. So is honest communication with your partner. Ah, the history department. Ms. Spencer, an outstanding teacher. Aw! Gabe and Tony, also teachers. Aw! Now, if you'll excuse me, I have some letters to deliver. You'd fit right in as a mailman. Dogs already don't like you. Captain Tennille, my Bichon Frise, would beg to differ. Did you rescue him? No, he rescued me. So, Helen Stone is taking early retirement this year, and one of you will be getting her honor students section this fall. I'll do it. I can have a syllabus ready by the end of lunch. And Gabe drives a silly-bus. Well, I guess that eliminates Tony. Not yet. All three of you take your lunch hour and come up with a mission statement as to why I should pick you, and I'll make my decision at the end of the day. You know what I like doing on my lunch hour? Lunch. We all know you're gonna go with Abby to teach the honor students. Aw! Well, I like to think that all of our students are honors students. And I'd like to think Idris Elba is at home, waiting for me. Come on, Tony, surprise me. Don't suck so much. You know, when a coach picks on you, that means you're the star player. Hmm. Sometimes, it just means you're bad. Come on, Paula. We both know you should go with me. No one teaches history like I do. I know. You're good. That's why I let you slide with the dress code. What? You can't hide these calves from the rest of the world. Oh, that hurt. You got your assignment, Gabe. I'll see you after lunch. I can't get my leg off. You okay? You need some alone time in your Elantra? My kid is graduating from middle school next week, and my ex-husband, the first one, is going to be there. You meet the love of your life at Freaknik, and you think it's gonna last. Gabe, he's bringing his young wife. I've been looking for a guy all year, but apparently, I'm giving Southern California carpal tunnel from swiping left. You still got it. You're smart, you're pretty, you're strong. You're an amazing administrator. Is this all a part of your mission statement? If it's working, then yes. Mr. Iglesias! - Oh, hey, Walt. - Great news. I'm graduating early. Graduating? What're you talking about? Check it out, I got a letter from Mr. Hernandez. "Counseled... out." Walt, you're not graduating, you're... you're being expelled. Well, I think we can agree, the important thing is, I don't have to come back! School didn't want me, and I've never wanted it. This is a no-fault divorce. Just like my folks. So, what next? Goldman Sachs? Foot Locker. I'll make those stripes look good. Yeah, I doubt that. I used to work there. Heh. I looked like a fat barcode. I think you can do better than Foot Locker. You know what I'd really like to sell? Did the state of California legalize it in 2016? I was gonna say custom rims, but I like your idea way better. Thanks, Mr. Iglesias! Uh, wait, no... Uh... You know, I was thinking shoe... - People need shoes! - Not as much as they need weed! Yeah, but they need the shoes to get to the weed! Hey, Tony. Any of your students get this weird letter? Maybe. We're not that close. Hey, can you help me with my mission statement? Sure. I can't believe I'm still doing your homework. Just get me started. All right. Uh... Why do you wanna teach the honors program? Because it'd be way easier. Lead with that. You know, Tony, have you ever had a student who was afraid to try? Yeah, that's half my kids. Yeah. And they worry that if they try their hardest then fail, they can't ever use the excuse that they weren't really trying? Yeah, I see it all the time. Well, this isn't about my students, this is about... Oh! I see what you did there. Gabe? I know we're competing against each other, - but would you proof my mission statement? - You too? Charts? You got charts? And a bibliography? Yeah. Is it tacky that I cited my own grad school thesis? Yes! - Wait. Is this PowerPoint? - Mm-hmm. You really do speak the language of the honors kids. Oh, thank you! I also speak French. Tu es très gentil, mon petit chou. - What did that mean? - I don't know, but I've never been called "petite." Hey, Mikey. You got a letter, too? Ah, it's probably just a bill. At my house, we don't open those till the one after final-final notice. Yeah, I get it. You know, growing up, we were on a first-name basis with our repo man. Yeah, Hector the collector even came to my graduation. - Are you gonna pay that for me? - No, but someone is gonna pay for this. Yo, yo, wait up, wait up! I got more bills! ...to say... - We're in a meeting! - Yeah, and I'm in it too. Hi. What do you want, Gabe? What's up with these letters? And what the hell is "counseled out"? It's a nice way of saying to our underperforming students, "Dear dumb ass, get lost. Kmart is hiring." "Attention Kmart shoppers, pay no attention to the idiot on aisle five." ...aisle five. Gabe, we are a public school. Our funding depends on meeting certain standards: grades, discipline, attendance levels. And the easiest way to improve those averages is to counsel out the kids who are hurting the numbers. What do you call this program? "Some Children Left Behind"? I don't hate it. This program could make our school the educational pearl of the district. Yeah. All you gotta do is swipe left on a bunch of kids. What's "swipe left"? The story of my damn life. - Ah, Mr. Hayward! - Hey! Have you heard about these "counseled out" letters? The "not our problem anymore" letters. Yeah, sure. Always easier to juke the stats than reach the hard cases. Something tells me I need to sit down for this. Gabriel, when I was about your age, I got a job offer at a private school. You know, where the students wear cardigans with the crests on them. Hogwarts. Yeah. Then, at lunch, a couple of kids got in a little scrap. As I was stopping the fight, one of the kids hit me, and that's when I knew I needed to be here. Hit you so hard it gave you dementia. No. See, I knew what that kid was dealing with at home, and I knew what would've happened if that kid had hit any other teacher. If you had left, you wouldn't have been here when I was on the ropes. You were one of the kids that let me know I was doing the right thing. Wow. I wonder where I would've wound up without you, Mr. Hayward. Well, you'd have been in some low-paying job with lots of stress, long hours... Hey, there she is. Always reading something. Yeah, my obituary. No way. Oh, they've gone too far now. You're not just my best student, you're my favorite student. We know you say that to all of us. Yeah, I know, but when I'm talking to you, I'm not lying. Letter says it's 'cause of attendance. I kinda missed some afternoon classes. - Like how many? - Like all of them. I work to help my family, but I did the assignments. I'm gonna take this to somebody who can help fix it. Oh, my God, are you gonna have Hernandez jumped? No, but I like your idea much better. Mm... I can't find any central database for the kids who got the letter. If I can't access the list, I can't change it. And believe me, I need to. Wait, you too? Well, why did you get a letter? For doing stuff like this. That's right. That's... That's why I called you here. Um... I need your help getting Principal Madison in a good mood. Just get a pitcher of appletinis in her. I don't even wanna know how you know that. It's on her profile. "Just get a pitcher of appletinis in me, and let the magic happen." You know, Grace, I want you to know how proud I am of you and how far you've come this year, in case I get fired. Fired? Why would you get fired? You're the best teacher in the school. Which, let's face it, that's a low bar. You think maybe you can, uh, hack back into Principal Madison's dating profile? Hmm... Which one do you want? Uh, Bumble, Tinder, UrbanSwipe. She's on everything but FarmersOnly. Oh, wait, she's on that one too. - Yeah, girl is rocking that cowboy hat! - Huh. I'm going with... Gabe! Mother-flowers! I mean, uh... Congratulations, Gabe. I just, you know... Wow. Hey, Abby, that is why you should never try your hardest. Ooh. Yay, me. What's the matter, Gabe? You won! I figured right now you'd be doing your touchdown dance. You know... ♪ A little salsa, a little salsa ♪ ♪ A little salsa ♪ You know, like a dab or two? Come on. Do your thing. You know, I've been thinking... instead of giving me the teach-approved kids, I don't know, why don't you give me the kids that got the "counseled out" letter from Hernandez? You know, the world's worst pen pal? Okay... Carlos, can you come in here a sec? Locust, boils, darkness... Hernandez! Hey! We're just talking about you. Carlos, Gabe has volunteered to teach the kids we've counseled out. - Marisol Fuentes is my best student. - Her attendance is unacceptable. She works. She has a real job. You should try it! We're just putting every student in a position to succeed. Look, so many people have turned their backs on these kids, and I don't want to be one of those people. We're not turning our backs on them. It's turning our faces to the good students. Look, Hernandez may think that these kids are invisible, but I see them. All of them. It's done. Hold on, Carlos. Yeah, hold on, Carlos. "Invisible," you say, Gabe? Did I? You know... a woman gets to a certain age, and she sure knows what that feels like. People of color know what that feels like. - Preach, sister. - Shut up, Carlos. You know, it's the damnedest thing. I got a message on my dating app a little while ago from this fine-looking, young Denzel-type who wants to buy me an appletini. Denzel? Is that even your type? I'm alive, aren't I? Mm... He even quoted Invisible Man. That's my favorite novel. You know, I've been meaning to read it. "I am invisible simply because people refuse to see me." Wow, sounds like a real catch. And then, you come in here, and you refer to these kids as invisible. That's quite a coincidence. Or maybe it's a sign. You know, if we don't see these kids now, no one ever will. All right, Gabriel. You got this summer to turn 'em around. Grades, discipline, attendance. No screw-ups. So, Gabe has to waste his summer teaching the drip tray, and then I get to kick them out. I can live with that. Well, you live with yourself. You can live with anything. We can't save them all, Gabe. I know, but who are we if we don't even try? Ooh! He is fine! Wait a second, this is Denzel. This is a picture from The Pelican Brief. Somebody photoshopped a cowboy hat on his damn head. Gabe! Okay. Some of you are here because of your poor grades, poor attendance, disciplinary reasons, or all of the above. Messed around and got a triple-double. Yup. I gotta say, it was a good day. All right, so I got some good news, and I have some bad news. The good news is no one is getting counseled out. Yes! Yeah, the bad news is... we're gonna have to do summer school. Wait, those are both bad things! I don't know, now I've got something to do this summer. Yeah, I got something to do this summer too, and it's not school. "Yay, Mr. Iglesias saved the day! We love him and his hat!" What about your trip? Eh... Who wants to roll around in a cool Volkswagen bus, listening to '90s jams and going to wrestling events? I'm gonna guess you? Yeah. Yeah. Maybe I didn't think this through. Whoo! Rookie of the Year! That's right. As it turns out, it's a real award. It's got your name engraved on it and everything. - Aw! You guys are the best! - Mm-hmm. Oh! There's only two Bs in Abby. Heh. Bro, you had one job. Ah, thank you. I see you got my text, Katie. Your appletini - and your back-up appletini. - Mm-hmm! How about you, Gabe? The usual, ginger ale on the rocks? Yes, can I also have a lime in it? I ain't driving. Ooh! Not to pry, Gabe, but is there a specific reason you don't drink? Well, if we're being honest, I kind of like remembering what I did and who I did it with. Well, that's why I drink. I like to forget what I did and who I did it with. Don't worry. Eventually, you'll forget it all. Only the grinding hip pain will remain. Bone on bone. Hey. Here's to the future, huh? Whoo! - Whoo! Bone on bone. - Mm! All right, Paula. - Who is the new honors teacher? - Oh! I'm going to go with... you, Tony! Oh, suck a dictionary! You know, somebody better teach this young gal how to swear, or she's gonna get laughed out of Long Beach. I'm sorry, I'm just not a very good loser. - No practice. - Mm-hmm. Abby, you can bring the kids up to your level. I'm hoping the honors kids can bring Tony up to their level. Well, thank you, Paula. So, what kind of raise are we talking about here? I'm not gonna fire you. - I do it for the kids. - Mm-hmm! To surviving another school year! Whoo, yay! ♪ The only one, my everything And to you, this song I sing ♪ ♪ And all my life ♪ ♪ I prayed for someone like you ♪ ♪ And I hope that you ♪ - ♪ Feel the same way too! ♪ - ♪ Love me too! ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 