Christina on the Coast: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Christina on the Coast 
 s1e9 - My Perfect Paradise - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Christina on the Coast (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - My Perfect Paradise - full transcript 
 Christina and Ant take on an ambitious backyard remodel for their newly blended family to enjoy come summer. However, as they rush to create a perfect paradise, it seems they may have bitten off more than they can chew. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm christina. You may know me  from flipping houses. Every time I walk in,  I just can't get enough. It's a sexy house. That is just plain beautiful. But there's a lot more  sides to me than that. I'm a mother of two  with a new man... It's perfect. ...And a new house. I just love coming  home to this room. This is hands down the best house in newport. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But with summer  just around the corner, it's time to focus  on the backyard. Aah!  Oh, arch! I want to create the perfect  outdoor space for my family. It's like modern meets bali. What do you guys think  about the slide so far? It is ginormous. You build that cabana, I'll bring you every  cocktail you want. Really?  Yeah. there's something wonderful  about reinventing your space for the people you love. Oh, god! this one looks like  a mermaid's tail. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Is this  your favorite part? It's perfect! It's been a crazy year,  and it's about to get crazier. we're hanging at  a friend's pool party and it's perfect timing, because we're finally done  with the inside of our house. So now we're thinking  our pool needs a makeover. And this yard is  an awesome inspiration. Cannonball! Our pool's so boring. Whoo! Look at them!  Look at their smiling faces! I know. Ah!  Oh, arch, arch! Can you not find a towel?  How cool is this pool? - I love the slide.  -No. I know!  You're having fun? Come on, dude! Oh, man!  So you're liking it? Yes.  I like the slide. I know, it's so big!  Hey, freddy! Oh, his gone! we need a slide.  I'm gonna go back. Oh, you're going?  All right. Okay. She's obsessed  with the slide. Yes. Like, obsessed with it. Yeah, because  kids love a slide. Well, it's not just the kids that love a slide. I mean,  I love a slide. Who doesn't  love a slide? Oh, my gosh, I am  absolutely soaked. Look how much fun  this pool is. Look how much fun  the kids are having. Yeah,  they're loving it. We have a pool with no character  and no deep end. have you seen our kids  swim like this? No comment. It's so important for me to  have a family-friendly yard. We are in  southern california. The weather's  always amazing. We have four kids in  this blended family, and we want our pool  to be fun so it's a yard all  our kids can enjoy. But not this style, because this style is very  spanish mediterranean. It flows with the house  so nicely. So I'm not thinking like  big rocks and boulders, 'cause that doesn't  with modern farmhouse. So what's our wish list? Clean lines,  more modern. I think the thing that  the kids love here and what I loved as a kid  would be a waterslide. Okay, so let's just add a slide. We can't with  the current design, because  there's no deep end. Okay. What else do you want? I love this grill area and  how everyone can hang out, have an adult space. That's key. I think that it  would be a great idea to get a landscape architect  out and get a proper bid. Okay, 'cause this kind of sounds expensive to me. I mean, anything to do  with pool modifications... Swimming pools.  ...Could get  a little pricey. I've worked with  jesse escalera on at least a dozen flips, and I think he is perfect  to design our backyard. He came over last week  to take measurements and get some ideas. He has done some crazy  things in the past. I mean, we're talking dinosaur  bones in the rocks of a pool, amazing fire features,  and outdoor kitchens. And I'm sure he'll take  our backyard over the top. get him, cash! Get him, cash! worst guard dog ever. Hey. How's it going?  Hey. How you doing? all right. I've got a few ideas. So we need, like,  an outdoor kitchen, right? Right here, I'm thinking  covered outdoor kitchen with a barbecue,  like a big bar, a dining area,  lots of seating. Now I get to cook outside. All right, well. I was thinking about  maybe, possibly rearranging the shape  of the pool. Mm-hmm.  A little bit. Have you been  conspiring? No,  no one's conspiring. Great minds think alike,  you know?  Okay. So when you're talking about redoing the shape of it, are we gonna potentially get a bigger deep end? 'cause that's one  of my concerns is that the deep end  is so small. Yeah, sure, because, look,  we can almost, like, double the size of the pool and create, like,  a huge deep end. And we'll add  a smaller baja shelf for lounging in the water  on a hot day. Okay, I like that. So you're talking  about cutting the pool and into the spa. Yeah. Just the spot, like, where  the spa is right now, the area where it is,  it's kind of weird. I'd like to put it  sort of on the backside. Like, you're talking  over there. I feel like that's  the focal pot from the house, right?  Right, yeah. So we need this  really awesome-looking spa that's going to compliment  the look of the house, that kind of  matches the look. In that space there? Yeah, I think over in  that direction, yeah. So picture a raised spa  with a roof, then a window to  match the house. It'll feel like  a little outdoor room. - Cool. - Perfect. And we want to add more  fun stuff for the kids. Maybe like  a tree house here, and then possibly like a crows  nest over here with a bridge... Bridge?  ...Going to the slide from the crow's nest  into the pool, maybe? Look at her face!  Yeah. Okay,  I like that. The really important  thing here is keeping the integrity of what we already have going here, which is like  modern farmhouse. Oh, yeah, no, for sure.  It's got to look like it's an extension  of the house. Like the same guy  touched everything. Yeah. And it's really gonna  look amazing at night. Yes, lighting --  all about the lighting. We're gonna add a ton  of ambient lighting, including a chandelier  over the spa. The whole yard is  gonna be glowing. This all  sounds amazing. All right.  All right, I'm excited! Jesse's design plan  really nails our dream yard. But it's a huge project, and it's gonna take  a really long time to get all that work done. And with the noise  and all the chaos that comes with construction, it's gonna be tough to keep  the kids cooped up inside with no yard to play in. Fingers crossed  we all keep it together. first thing we do is  take the water out and then bring  an army of tractors with hammers attached to them to break up the concrete  to remove the old pool. This is a massive undertaking. It takes over a week. In the meantime,  I need christina's help in designing the new  pool shape to her specs. As a pool contractor, I need  my client's input at all times so they get exactly  what they want. What do you think? It's a war zone  out here. you guys made  a lot of progress. You see the red mark, right?  Yes. So that's exactly where the old pool used to be. Okay.  So what's this white thing? Now that this is all broken up, we can now shape  the new pool. And what we do is we take these flexible pvc pipes, and we'll just, like, kind of make the shape, and we can easily  manipulate them. Once we get it  the way we like it, we stake it  on the ground. So there's a couple things  I know I don't want. One, I don't want  the baja shelf to be so big that there's, like,  nowhere to swim. 'cause that's awkward.  Yeah, yeah. I also don't  want it to have that really weird ear shape,  like it used to have. Yeah, no. Yeah, no. Then also, I need  a bigger deep end. Yeah, you're gonna have it. We're gonna start t by putting  a couple stakes over here. This is the spa. This is generally  where I was thinking about putting the spa,  right here. It's a nice focal point  for the house. So why don't you  guys come over here and put a couple stakes in  so we can get started. Yeah, that looks  like a good spot. So christina, you want to  take that end of the pipe and put it on the other  side of that stake. There you go.  Perfect. Now take the other end and stick it on the other side  of the stake. So we can get that  curvature going. Yeah, okay, cool. Hold the pipe back a little bit,  christina, right there. Just, like, maybe past the drain pipe. Yeah, so that's  probably good. Go ahead and drive  a stake in there. Now, christina,  you come over here. Like, this is kind of  like a transition. It's gonna transition  back in. And then I'll pull this side  back over here and drive  a couple more stakes. now, this side,  it's another apex. So then we got to  push that in. Like, let's push this  side in this way, push it in towards the pool a little bit. Push it in.  Yeah, that's good. Hey, christina,  why don't we -- why don't you stand up there  and watch me and then we'll finish  this side of it so we get the shape all done.  Okay. And then we'll start messing  with it from there.  All right, cool. is this whole area right here gonna be deep end? Because we need a big one  for the slide. There's gonna be a lot of  deep end over here, yeah. I like it. Hey, guys, we have  a bit of a problem. We're doing the demo,  and we came across like, a bunch of, like,  really super deep extra concrete  and rebar. Like, there was a second pool,  and it was a monster of a pool. What? we're doing the demo  and we came across, like, a bunch of, like, really super  deep extra concrete and rebar. Like, there was a second pool,  and it was a monster of a pool. What? So we have a pool  within a pool. Yeah. Remember, like, before we bought this house and I was going back  and looking at when this house had  sold previously, there's all those  pictures online of when this pool was, like, a huge rock structure, like, huge rock formations everywhere? That would explain that.  So when they -- that makes sense. When the previous owner redid this pool...  They didn't do it properly. ...They didn't get out  the other pool. It's gonna cost us  a lot more to get it out. I'm scared to ask,  but how much? It's like doing it twice. It's like 14k, 15k. you could save the money and leave the concrete  in the ground, but if you do that,  then we can't expand the deep end  for the slide. We're this far in it already,  and there's -- I really don't want to leave the old pool shape. So I feel like...  Yeah. ...We don't really  have a choice. All right.  All right. Now let's just hope that it  stops raining for a few days so we can keep it rolling,  all right? It's, like, seriously the most  rain that we've ever had. How has it affected  this thing? I mean, we're probably behind  like a week or two. A pool this size should take  about 12 weeks to complete. But with unforeseen issues  like this, it really slows us down. And then you throw  rain into the mix, and we're dead in the water. I really want to  finish this pool by summer. Ant's kids are coming  back from England, and I just want  the kids to be able to enjoy splashing around  in the pool together. weather is crazy. I know. All right, so, how are you feeling  about $215,000? It's a lot of money. In fact, it's too much. We need to scale it back a bit. We've started making progress,  but the unexpected cost of removing the old  pool frame was a shock. Jesse gave us  an itemized bid, but everything isn't  totally spelled out. We've got to find a way  to save some money. What has to go? The one thing I feel like  could go is the tree house. It's something that the kids  will really like now. And then quickly grow out of it. But we still need  a waterslide, so maybe we can build  a more modern one. All right, so what are we gonna put in that space, then, if the tree house  is out? I think, like, a deck. Like a sun deck. With a cute umbrella,  couple lounge chairs, something that we're  actually gonna use. why don't I just call him,  try to negotiate. Yeah, bring on that. Hey. Hey, how's it going? Pretty good. So,  I'm sitting here with ant and we're going over  the budget, and we're trying  to make it work, and we feel like we want to get  rid of the whole tree house, so I was just hoping...  Okay. ...That you can come up with  a different waterslide design, something that goes  with the house style, but isn't totally taking away  from the whole view. It was gonna come  from the tree house, but we can make it come  from the upper yard and go into the deep end.  Yeah. If we cut the tree house  out of design, we're nna be at  about $180,000. I mean, that's a huge structure with, like, the bridge to the crow's nest. It's gonna save you  like 35k. Okay. Tell him about the decking. Oh, yeah, yeah,  last thing. So you know where  the tree house was going? We're thinking of putting,  like, a nice, you know, wooden, modern deck  right there that we can put some  lounge chairs on. Yeah, cool, that's a good space  for that right there. It's kind of up higher  a little bit. Couple hundred bucks  for wood, no big deal. All right, sounds like a plan.  Thanks! You got it. Bye. I feel a lot better. now that we have a break  in the weather, we're finally able to get  all this excavation done. so we're digging the trench now  to install the pool plumbing. and we're pouring footings  to hold everything in place. next, we create a rebar mesh  to reinforce the concrete. we use a process  called shotcrete, where we spray concrete at high velocity  into the rebar mesh. this is where the pool  really starts taking shape. it looks amazing! This is the biggest pool ever! I know, and it's deep as well.  Go down there! I love it.  I'm so excited! The kids are gonna be obsessed! Can't you just picture all of them playing? This whole thing is  their playground. So this is gonna be tiled? The only tile that I think  we should do is the waterline. I think we can pick  something really pretty, something kind of shiny,  mosaic. But nothing too crazy. Like, me and jesse have  been having text battles about, like, what he thinks  the waterline should be and what I think  it should be. And you know who's gonna win. So glad I'm not involved  with any of those. No, but you are.  We're going shopping! No, but I'm not involved with --  okay. Oh, my god,  it'll be all day. So, we also need to  decide if we want to do like a straight edge or a  bull-nose, like a rounded edge. So right now, it sort of has  that straight edge look. I like the straight edge look. It looks really clean  and crisp. Yeah, it's more modern, and it  matches the look of the house. So these little fountains  here -- it'd be nice if they had -- imagine, like, some brass  outlets so the water flowed. That's so funny  you just said that. Why? 'cause jesse literally sent me a picture of brass spigots. Jesse chose brass? Yeah, you guys are like -- you guys are on the same page. You guys are on the same wavelength. That's a worrying place  to be. so most importantly today, because I know that  this waterline tile has to sit for a certain  amount of time, right? Yeah, it's got to  sit and cure, mm-hmm. So we got to make  up our minds, yeah. This is what -- all right, so we have to choose tile today. Yes, this is why  we're here. Oh, that's easy. Oh!  Let's go! All right. what you got? Have to wait and see.  What have you got? I'm not showing you. Yeah, well, I already know. All right, I'm done. All right,  what have you guys got? Who's going first? You.  I'm going first? Yeah.  Okay, right. You're gonna like this one,  because I know you. You have a bit of  class about you. Uh-huh.  Oh, yes. I hate iridescent tile. it looks rusty,  like an old car. Okay,  that's option number one, 'cause I like this rusty,  plus, when the waterline hits it,  it's gonna shimmer a bit. And then I love this.  Oh, wow. Look at that.  Oh, god! that looks like  a mermaid. He's like full-on kidding. This one looks like  a mermaid's tail. It looks like  a scaly fish. Guys, you know  I'm right here. No, it's very nice. all right,  what have you guys got? You're gonna like  this one. Oh, god! that looks like a mermaid. He's like full-on kidding. This one looks like  a mermaid's tail. I looks like  a scaly fish. We're shopping for waterline  tile for our new pool, but ant's picks  are way out there. They may not match that  modern farmhouse look that we're going for, but at least  he's tried his best. I mean, that is legendary.  Whoever came up with that. Honestly, these are cool. None of them can go underwater,  I'm pretty sure. But very nice choices,  though. When it comes to picking tile, it's every man for himself. This one's  really pretty. You like that?  Yeah. Again, like,  trying to be fancy, but just keep it  simple again. Choosing every single  tile in the shop. This is a no. This, like --  this doesn't make sense. Not my favorite. This is my least favorite. Yeah, too colorful.  Not really into color. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.  This is the maybe pile, of all of them, like, these two are  mostly my style. So we're on  the same page. Okay. These are the ones  I was leaning towards. Something  more like this. So when it catches the light it gets a little  bit of a shimmer. Yeah, just shimmer  that under the light. Keep going. Oh, no. come on.  It's a tough one. Which one  shimmers the best? Oh, man, it's a tough decision between those two, yeah. Sounds like, you know, winner winner chicken dinner. We all knew that was  gonna happen anyway, so we're just  having a bit of fun. All right,  I'll get this ordered. So we're going with  that one?  Yep. Okay. Definitely not the scales? Not the --  we can use that  somewhere else, like you can put  it in the garage. In the garage. The modern  square-edge coping has been shaped,  and it's hardened. And now jesse's crew is  installing the waterline tile. On the other side of the yard, the outdoor kitchen  is being built. And it'll be covered by  a post-and-beam design that'll match the modern  look of the house just like the covered spa. so we're gonna have two adult areas, if you like. There's gonna be  the bit here. Right, we could put  some lounge chairs there. And then a cabana. Oh.  Where's the cabana going? We just tuck it  in there. Where? Just between  these trees. Nice and shaded, right near the master bedroom, overlooking the pool. I like it.  It's a great spot for it. I reckon the distance between you bringing me  a cocktail from there to here,  it's not bad. Ah.  You build that cabana, I'll bring you every  cocktail you want. Really?  Yeah. Shake on that. Well, I'm sure  we'll save some money by you building it, too. right, cabana time. So what I'm thinking is, if I make a base for the cabana, but I'm gonna do it  so it's floating, so the base is gonna  have hidden legs inside, so it just hovers  above the ground. And then the bed frame  will sit back, but that will also  have hidden legs. So the bed frame is gonna look  like it's floating as well. So now  it feels like a boat. This looks  very complicated. It's actually quite  straightforward, but I want it to  have the feel of, like, imagine a modern  kind of cool boat. So it's got -- a modern boat? That way -- I feel like I'm, like, talking to jesse right now. I just pictured, like,  a four-poster bed with, like,  a pretty tarp. No, no, no, this is  gonna be so much better. Look. Okay, to be totally  honest with you, this kind of scares me, but when you make something for the house, like the wine rack... Cool. ...It looks amazing. The light in our room.  Cool. It looks great. Our bed frame scared me at first, but looks wonderful. So there you go. Tell you what.  I'm just gonna make it. Okay. Love you. There we go. This is the rainiest  winter ever. Since el niño. Are you kidding me? This is like british barbecue weather. British  barbecue weather? Yeah, trust me,  in England, we're firing up  barbecue in this. This is actually  kind of fun. This is like  a normal Wednesday. I can't believe this rain. This is very unusual  for southern california. We're already a couple  weeks behind schedule, and the work  has stopped again. At least we can come up with  a plan for the kitchen. I'm gonna be grilling. We need  to clean that up, though. Yeah.  We're gonna cover these? Yes, so -- 'cause I kind of like  the raw concrete. I know, but I'll tell you why it's not that great of idea. I like the raw concrete too, but its really porous, so like for example, if we spill, like, red wine or something --  which will  absolutely happen. Yeah.  I say that we go completely kid-friendly,  adult-friendly, that we don't have to worry about stuff like that. I think it'd be really nice to do the same counters as the kitchen, which are super durable, and that's  the white quartz. Clean, crisp. Okay. Which leads me to this area right here under the countertop. The front  of the counter. Yeah. I think it' would be really nice to do like a decorative tile here. So, remember we installed that really pretty tile in the kids' bathroom? There's a bunch left over. It's been on the side of the house... Yeah? ...For about six months. So let's go see if it's salvageable. We've been living in  a construction zone for what feels like an eternity. And luckily we have extra tile  from a different project that we can use. But when the tile guys left it  on the side of the house, I had no idea it was gonna  be pouring rain like this. These ones?  Yeah. uh-oh. Uh-oh. that looks great! It does look good. Oh, my gosh. I can't even believe how  brand-new it still looks. How does it make a cross? I'll show you. Let's take it back  under the cover. We'll take -- how many do you need? Just bring  the whole box. you have to remember,  I'm used to this. This is --  feel right at home? Yeah, this is a british summer. oh, a white cross.  Ah. Yeah. Okay, so do you like that? I think it's epic. Yeah, I love it. And I love the black  and white theme. It matches the house. And best news ever, we just saved $2,500! And we definitely  got enough? We have enough, yeah. Which means we got to check  every single box. They're all fine. Look at them. They've been buried in mud. You can check  every single box. Jesse will  check the boxes. Hey! that was mean. this looks amazing. I can't believe how quickly this all happened, jess. You know what, this stuff  is gonna go off soon, so we need to make  a decision, okay? Okay. That corner there, we should put a joint there, like going across. To stop it cracking. To stop it cracking. How does the joint  stop it cracking? Well, here's the reasoning for the joints, okay, and why we're putting them where we're putting them. Concrete is constantly, like -- well, its curing, right? But hot, cold, hot, cold expansion, contraction, right? Oh, it's kind of  like you. So anyhow, okay, so, we need to give it somewhere to have a relief. And th's what these relief joints are for. I just want them to be  as uniform as we can to the old ones. This span from like here to there won't match, but it won't crack if we put a joint there. And there's gonna be a table there later. Yeah, exactly. It'll probably be fine. Okay. Hey, guys, we're gonna do a joint right there. oh, no, cash! Oh, sorry. You naughty boy. Let's go wash your paws. Now that the concrete has dried, the crew can move forward  with the outdoor kitchen. We were able to salvage the tile  that was buried in the mud, and it's finally going in along with the new  quartz countertops. the weather has  been so up and down, and I just really hope  that the sunshine holds so that we can finish  this project by summer. Ah, such a nice day. It's about time,  is it? Right? Ant and I are taking a brake  from the construction zone and enjoying the sun at the lido marina village  in newport beach. I brought you here for a reason,  but I'll explain that later. Is this the angle, is it? Because of the shops? Well, there's a two-part. One is... One is the shops. ...It's good shopping.  Two, I just love the decor. There's a lot of design ideas  I want to steal from here. I love this  teak-y color wood. Right, okay.  I think, like, some  color like that would be really cool  behind the grill and where the spa is. Some of this furniture, just like that real  california contemporary. I love those black chairs  over there. Those ones?  For where? By the fire pit.  Okay. I love the string lights,  and how cute are those letters? Yeah, the letters are good. I love those,  so cute. I can feel that our garden's gonna have this kind of, like you say, californian coastal vibe. 100%. Yeah. hey.  Hi. Hi. What you got there, tay? Is that a little piggy?  It's a baby. It's a baby.  Oh, that's so cute. Mwah! Such a cute baby! Thanks! Can't you wait till your  baby has grass, and you can play with him  again? Yeah. Tay,  do you like this so far? Yep. What do you think, tay? Does it look all right,  yeah? Imagine yourself eating up here,  jumping in the pool. I can't wait for the pool  to be full of water. Do you think the pool's big enough? Yeah.  Yeah? It's really big. So, what do you got there? A surprise for me or? Yes. Okay, so friend of mine  owns a flooring company, and he is willing to give me a really good deal on this. So I thought we could  incorporate it into the backsplash. Some type of really cool pattern back here like a chevron. I'll just put some  fire-retardant varnish on the wood to make it  heat resistant. And then let's also carry that same look over to the spa. Yeah, good idea. Anything else? The next thing to  happen is, like, we're going to, like,  plaster all this smooth. It's gonna be  smooth white.  Nice. And then, you know the cushions  are gonna go in, right? It's gonna be awesome! All right.  Say bye, tay! Bye. Thank you.  See you. all right, jesse,  what's up? There's a pump  that's overheating. You can see even, like, how it's, like, turning yellow. See, look at that.  Yeah,  this stuff's really old. At least 10 years old.  At least. Older than that even.  Yeah, maybe 20. I would replace them both, but for sure this one's  on its way out. I would replace the pumps, the heater. The panel works, but if you're  gonna want, like -- update it and put, like, salt chlorinator, smartphone controller, you know,  stuff like that. Well, now that you mentioned  it, something -- jesse! Something that I really  do want is a salt pool. The chlorine  just hurts your eyes. It's harsh on your skin. Feel like now is the time to  just upgrade everything. In order to do the salt, the heater is not  gonna work anyway, so we should do  a bigger heater and make it a stainless-steel  guts heater... Yep.  ...In order to  handle the salt. All right.  If we do all the new stuff, the panel, the heater,  the pumps, what are we  looking at? Like around $12,000. I would replace the pumps,  the heater. In order to do the salt, the heater is not  gonna work anyway, so we should do  a bigger heater. All right.  If we do all the new stuff, the panel, the heater,  the pumps, what are we  looking at? Like around $12,000. I feel like it's  one of those things where if  we're gonna do it, should just do it now.  What do you think? I agree. While the garden  looks like that, this has to be redone. It's a lot of money. Yeah.  All right. Bye-bye, old stuff. Upgrading the pool and adding a whole  saltwater system is a big expense,  but it's worth it to make this pool top notch. We're redoing our rear  garden for two reasons. Firstly, a place the kids  can have some fun, but also,  a space for us adults to kick back and maybe  have a cocktail or two. So I'm gonna build  the cabana from hand, and I'm thinking of  using some really strong four-inch box "x" in steel,  weld up a frame. And I want it to look  like it's floating, so I'm gonna put  some hidden legs underneath the platform  so the platform hovers about six inches  above the ground. Then some hidden legs on  the mattress platform so it also looks  like that's floating. should be pretty cool. the mobile office. This is  the mobile office. Jesse invited us  to sit down in his "mobile office" to talk  about plaster for the pool. Plaster is  super important, because it affects  what the color of the water  is gonna look like, but I feel like  maybe he's trying to impress us  or sell us on something. Let me show you sort  of, like, some examples, of what pool plaster  looks like in a pool. Because looking at  these things right now, this is not  what they look like. So let me show you, by  showing you pictures of stuff. So, this is gray. So gray makes  a dark blue. What? I know.  It's kind of cool. Have you got  that sample here? I do. So, let's see.  Gray -- this is gray. See how weird that is? So that produces  a darker shade of blue. So what matters to us  is what we see from inside the house,  'cause we have those big doors, so we want to see  a certain color pool from the rooms inside, and depending on  the plaster we choose, we're gonna get  a totally different color. What is that,  witchcraft? There must be some sort of science involved. Well,  water acts as a prism. So what color do you want to see from the -- crisp, light blue. Now, you want light blue,  but that's white. Now that's nice.  Yeah. It's crazy that  that makes that. Right. I like that.  Yeah. That's nice. This is so us,  and so our style house. Like, I just want that very  crisp, modern farmhouse look. Well,  we know the answer. White.  It's white. Comfortably white. So what are our options  for white? The most cost-effective one  is the regular smooth plaster. Then there's like  the pebbles, like the mini pebbles  and stuff, and those are -- which is that, right? Yeah, the one you  were just looking at, the one that ant has,  that's mini pebble. That's like double the price  of regular plaster. Why? Pebble is supposed  to last, like, you know,  another 30%, 40% longer. All right, what are we  looking at price wise? Regular smooth plaster is probably like $7,000 to $10,000. You can just double it  for pebble. It's more durable, but twice the price. I love the pebble. I like the feel of it.  I love the look of it. I like the bright white.  You good with this? Yes, we're all  in agreement. Sweet.  Weade a decision. That was easy. the white pebble pool surface  that we chose is going in. And the roofing over  the spa and kitchen is being completed. It's really cool  how everything's gonna flow together  with the look of our house. I'll have to say, that was  one of my major concerns in the beginning,  and jesse nailed it. This pool's  absolutely amazing. I'm so impressed with  everything. Aww. I'm a tough critic too,  and I'm obsessed. Thank you.  Like, I love it. I've got goose bumps.  It's exactly how  I envisioned it. I'm so happy you're happy.  Yeah.  When does the water go in? Tomorrow, right after it gets acid-washed. When can we swim in it? You can swim in it,  like, in two weeks. What? You don't want to  swim in it, dude. When does  the water go in? Tomorrow, right after it gets acid-washed. When can we swim in it? You can swim in it,  like, in two weeks. What? You don't want to  swim in it, dude. It's gonna be full  of, like, powder. The plaster needs time  to cure, and the residual powder  needs to be filtered out before anybody  can swim in it. That usually takes  a couple weeks, but the rest of the yard  is gonna take like a month. Come and look in here,  christina. Oh, my gosh.  The best spot ever. Dude, how big is this thing? The kids stare at it  every day. Are you serious?  They're dying to come in. Jesse, isn't there supposed  to be a window in here? We're gonna finish  up this wall mount, maybe today, and then we're gonna fill it with concrete, and then we're gonna cut a -- when it dries, we're gonna cut a big hole, and then put the window in. That's gonna look  so cool. Then we need to install these lights, and, actually, I want to talk to you about that today. I'm looking at  the wicker ones. Yeah.  The thing with  the wicker ones is, 'cause they're kind of  small, we'd have to do maybe like five. How big are they?  Show me. Like this?  Oh, really? Like they start  like this, to this. I quite like  the idea of a bundle. I'm not opposed to doing multiple.  Yeah. They need to be visible,  too, so they need to kind of hang down, like, past the beam. Yeah, that's why I was thinking  like five of them, like two small,  two medium, and one big. I'm totally about it. So yeah, they can  hang low, I guess. It is massive. Do they have these  in England? We have running water,  electricity. You have these?  You have these big spas? I've never seen one  when I visited. My god. My house is 60 years older  than california. okay,  so what do you think? It's perfect. Tiles are perfect as well. So just fresh  and clean, has that modern  farmhouse look. It looks  absolutely beautiful. Basically, the slide's gonna  start over here somewhere. Originally,  the pool slide was gonna shoot into the deep end  from the tree house. But since we eliminated  that idea to save money, we're planning on  having it curve around the spa. Right, so, what, up here, yeah? It's gonna have to swoop around, obviously avoid the roof, curve down, and drop into the deep end. Right.  Yeah, it's perfect. we're supposed to be done  with the yard at this point, but with all the rain  and construction delays, we're a few weeks behind, and we're cutting it  really close for summer. What do you guys think  about the slide so far? It's really cool. It is ginormous. You think it's gonna be fast?  Uh-huh. You think  it's gonna be fun? Uh-huh,  but it's so big. I'm excited. I can't wait  for you guys to try it out. I can't wait for the ladder  and the hose so me and my friends  can play on it. We can make  a choo-choo train. I know. I can't wait. All right, you ready? Come on, bray bray. the frame that ant made for the cabana is being delivered today. And from the looks of it,  he took this very seriously. He made it out of steel, so  it's gonna be really sturdy. We don't want it  to feel industrial, so he's using the same wood  planks for the decking that we used behind the spa  and in the kitchen backsplash and bamboo for the roof  for a really romantic, tropical feel. It's gonna be a great  adult space. Wow. No, it's too soon. You're not supposed  to be looking yet. I like the bamboo. Do you like it?  Yeah, it's cool. It's like modern  meets bali. I like how it's built  back against the palm trees. Feels very lush and tropical,  very pretty. Do you like the fact that it's floating, though? It's definitely  one of a kind. Well, that is the point. We got something unique. And if we didn't  do the platform, we'd have ended up with this,  kind of -- imagine a bed just this size, sat on either a piece of mud or we'd have to have done something with the landscaping. I'm really glad  that it's white, and I like the wood. It kind of goes with  our inside vibe, so, no,  it looks really good. Cool, but you're happy? Yes, it's beautiful. All right, give me one of these. Right, well, it's a cabana,  and we want to have a kind of a private, mature, adult space, so imagine, they'd probably only hang from about halfway, so I reckon  if I just quickly trap these up here, and let's not forget what you promised? Cocktails? Cocktails in the cabana. I got you. Now imagine that's  gonna be held back by some -- a bracket there, and then we'll put some -- you know, a little table and obviously a mattress, hang something on here. Fancy.  Oh, you like it? Yeah. I love it. Yeah?  Yeah,  it looks beautiful. Plus it's a great spot to be  able to watch the kids under some shade. It's very beautiful. And these angel wings,  are my favorite. yeah, they kind of suit you, but not so much an angel. Adds a little bit  of color, plus great photo shoot  opportunity. It's turning out so nice. Yeah.  Love it. I'm glad she likes the cabana, but I've got a surprise for her. When we went shopping  in lido, there was these  letters on display, and she really loved them,  and it's given me an idea. Can I get really big letters? Fact is, actually,  it's quite difficult. So I figured I might as well  just make them. So, I've used some 2-millimeter  aluminium sheet, I wanted them to look  like those, kind of, old cinema sns, so  from close up you can see all the rivets and lines,  but far back, they look really  clean and simple. promise me no peeking. So don't turn around,  don't have a look. What do you mean?  I just want to  show you something at the end of the garden. We're walking backwards  to the end of the backyard? Yeah, yeah, 'cause I don't want you to peek, so, don't look over your shoulder, just trust me. Oh, my gosh. Let's navigate  these steps. Oh, my gosh. I'm building this up  really dramatically. Yeah, I know.  Okay, there's another  step there. Are you ready? You're squeezing  me really tight. I'm so sorry.  I'm nervous, because this took  a little bit of working out, but I wanted to do this  for you as a surprise. I hope you like it. I wanted to do this  for you as a surprise. I hope you like it. ohh. that's so sweet. I was  really worried. It's quite a big, bold statement  for the garden. I'm, like, blown away. They're so cool. It really adds, like, a whole new dimension to the yard. It personalizes it. Like, this signifies everything that I want for this house. Everything that's gone into the house, inside and out, and it turned out perfect, and when I walk in I really do  feel just love. Aww. You're amazing. Now it's just time to get this place furnished. so, are these exactly the same as the chairs that you saw? They are. Thank god  for online shopping. They totally have  that, like, modern farmhouse vibe  I was going for. you wanted lighting. I love these lights,  and I'm so glad we found them  in white, too. Gives it like, such -- kind of like a romantic, really cool vibe. My favorite part is the fact that it all matches. It now feels like  we can spend time inside and outside the house. I love the color scheme. The black, white,  gray, and the teaks, like, the natural wood,  so cute. I think most importantly,  we have a fun yard. and what about the barbecue, though? This is exactly what  I want it to look like. So cute.  Yep. Just reflects off  the main house perfectly. I want to see you by the grill.  Go walk over there. Oh, yeah, you want to kind of visualize me cooking. That's like --  that's -- that's sexy. This space is perfect,  isn't it? It's a beautiful space. I love that we were able to save this tile, 'cause it worked perfectly  right here. And we saved some cash. Can't wait to try your grilling. Spa -- when do we  get to try the spa? Let's heat it up. Turn the water on. Ooh, fancy. I kind of like the noise. Me too.  It's relaxing. turned out  really good. I like how  it's just set back, and it's kind of romantic.  It's just beautiful. The hanging lights are great.  It fits the house. aren't you so glad  that, in the end, it sort of worked out  that the pool had to be expanded so big? Like, this is the size that is meant to be for the yard. Yeah,  it really fits. Big baja shelf --  it's just awesome. I absolutely love it. It feels like  a holiday retreat. and think about it,  the hot tub -- it was buried somewhere around here, and it was that kind of weird shape, looked like a kidney. It was totally  separate from the pool. The deep end was tiny. Yes, and now it's deep enough for even me to bomb in there. Yeah, and the waterslide  flows right into the deep end. It all looks amazing. I even like this place. It's cute. I love how there's just  all these different areas for people to hang out.  It's a perfect party house. But is this your  favorite part? It really is, yeah. it's my favorite part,  too. Is it?  Yeah. ahh, this is where  I'll be all summer. It's perfect  because we can still keep an eye on the kids,  but so relaxing, it's shaded,  so romantic. Oh, yeah, it is. So comfy. you owe me a cocktail.  Deal. not gonna lie, it's a little chilly. This has ice in it. You're warm?  Yeah. Thank you. This is nice. Yeah, it's good. Much deserved. Come here, cashie. The kids are loving it. I think that's the longest  I've ever seen them in a swimming pool.  Yeah, this is perfect. The whole backyard, it is just transformed. It's stunning. I know.  It's hard to top this. can't even bribe  the kids with food. They're having a blast. Professionally. - Cheers.  -Cheers. It's beautiful. As you're reviewing  our house. the backyard is gorgeous. It's just so calm  and peaceful. Finishing the pool  and the backyard is a big moment for us, because we're finally done with  all the renovations. Now our family can thoroughly  enjoy this home for years to come. Life is good. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 