Christina on the Coast: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Christina on the Coast 
 s1e8 - Wedding Special - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Christina on the Coast (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Wedding Special - full transcript 
 The house hunt begins after Christina and Ant decide to move in together. The clock is ticking as they rush to renovate and move into their dream home before hosting a secret wedding. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 On this episode of  "christina on the coast"... What do you have  to have in a house? Must have a garage. - How many car garage?  -Seven. - Seven? the view is just amazing. Yeah, that's epic. I appreciate modern  architecture, I just wouldn't want it for everyday living. - Oh  -oh, wow. The ceilings are amazing. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Wow. I mean, that's what  you're paying for. That's beautiful. - I have some really good news.  -What? - We got the house.  -What? Christina, are you engaged? Shh, we wanna keep it  a secret. There's a few issues  with the house. It's like straight out  of a freaking episode of "flip or flop." I want all of our  friends and family to show up thinking  they're at a housewarming party when really they're gonna  walk into a wedding. they're getting married. surprise. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'm christina. You may know me from  flipping houses. Every time I walk in,  I just can't get enough. It's a sexy house. That is just plain beautiful. But there's a lot more  sides to me than that. I'm a mother of two with  a new business venture... -We're embarrassed of this area.  -Okay, we're gonna change that. ...A new man... - It's perfect.  -Whoo. ...And a new point of view. We need help. We will make it  so you both love it. I'm helping people create  beautiful new spaces to spend time with  their families. - This is incredible.  -It's beautiful. I love this. And branching out  into some new spaces of my own. It's time that  we're gonna sell the house. I can imagine being  in the kitchen and checking out the view. Very zen. I know, hello, bali. There's something  wonderful about reinventing someone's world. - Oh...My...God.  -Wow. Christina, I love you.  This is amazing. - Thank you so much.  -You're welcome. And so far,  I'm loving the ride. I'm so excited that we're gonna live together. - I know, right?  -Yeah. oh, I marked you. After my home in  yorba linda sold, I moved into  a short-term rental and I was looking for  a home in newport beach for me and the kids. But then ant and I decided  to buy a house together. So we're basically starting  the home search all over again. I'm so glad that we made  the decision to do this before I bought a house without you. Buying a house together  totally makes sense and I can't wait. But now I also have to take  his wishlist into account which could get interesting. Minimum of 4 bedrooms, that way the kids  all have space. The important thing for  the british side of it is that my kids have a space  that feels like theirs. Yes, of course. So when they come,  it's their second home. Yes. I would love to have a pool. Pool would be a bonus.  Not a necessity. See it would be nice  to live by the water. Yeah, agreed.  It's beautiful. Literally right there you walk to the right, and you're on the bay, and it's so beautiful. You walk to the left, you're on the ocean. The con is, you have very small lots, very expensive,  not much privacy. Go a little bit inland where it's a little  bit less expensive. We can have a yard and then we can ride our bikes to the beach. We're looking to buy in  the newport beach area, but the exact neighborhood is something that  we haven't quite agreed on. Ant wants to be  close to the water, but I've been an agent in  this area for a long time and I don't think we're gonna  both find what we want on the water. I think we need  to go more inland. What's on your wishlist? What do you have  to have in a house? I think a bit of space.  It just has to be private. Must have a garage. - How many car garage?  -Seven. - Seven? I've really got to have  a three-car garage. Not only do I want  a space to park a car, but I want a space to  be able to work on a car in the evenings. I've always got  a project on the go. - It's got to have closet space. I'm sorry, it's true. Either that or a spare  four bedrooms for your shoes. It's got to have closet space, and thank god you don't take up much because... oh, look,  this is an open house. Oh, wow. Should we run around? Kind of a little  bit modern looking.  Yeah, let's go look. It's not really cape cod. It's all right. I don't even know  what cape cod means. It sounds like lunch. When we find one,  I'll show you. Love a good open house. I don't really love  the modern look, I like more cape cod  or farmhouse style. I don't mind the modern look. You know,  I like big open spaces, the industrial feel,  metal accents. And this has  a three-car garage. - Hi.  -Welcome. Hi, I'm john cain.  Hi. Christina,  nice to meet you. Hey, I'm ant. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you guys,  thanks for coming. Thank you. So the house itself is about 2,600 square feet. It has 4 bedrooms,  3 baths, over 10,000 square  feet on the lot. So take a look around, let me know what you think. - What are you listed at?  -Just under $3.7. Okay, cool. - Thank you.  -Enjoy, thank you. There was honestly  a time when looking at houses in this price range  felt like a total fantasy. I've worked really, really  hard to get to a place where this is even  a possibility. So I'm grateful for  where I am today. Seeing these houses  has really reminded me of how far I've come. Where do you want to start,  inside, outside? I want to go  straight to the pool. Oh, okay. wow, I mean, that's what  you're paying for. That's beautiful. Yeah, that is beautiful. It's a bit of a trek,  though, isn't it? To the beach? Maybe two miles. - I love this.  -The infinity edge? I love it. I feel like the lot  feels smaller than 10,000, but they really  packed everything in. You have, like,  a little golf course, you have a pool, a spa. It just feels so cramped. You can see right into the neighbors gardens. Yeah, there's a little bit  of a privacy issue, I mean... - I can just see it.  -Us in our bathing suits, "hi." I think it would be great  to be next to the water, but I don't really want to  be on top of other neighbors. You definitely give up privacy the closer you get to the water. - You mean "priv-acy."  -privacy. But it's pronounced privacy, and here in the usa  you speak english. Right. - Badly. looks like a sauna? No, that looks like  a hippie room. There's a little area  for the kids to play. Oh, hello. Oh, yes.  This is right up my alley. - This is am -- you do it on  the outside, yeah. this is pretty cool,  you know it is. Yeah. What a pleasant surprise. I like it.  What do you think? That's the most antisocial seating ever. I'll sit here. See you there. it's, like, it's...It's small. I mean,  it's not what we're used to. There's gonna be six of us and I can't picture that  as, like, our family room. Aren't open houses supposed to have cookies? No, not all.  I thought  that's the whole point. What's the point of  going to an open house that doesn't have free  chocolate chip cookies? I never have cookies when I have an open house, sorry. Oh, this is cool. Wow, it's completely different. I mean, the kids can have their own zone down here to chill. I like the fireplace. Like, I actually prefer to really make it our own anyways. It would be easy to change this back wall and the flooring's not super modern, so we could keep that. I appreciate modern  architecture, I just wouldn't want it for everyday living. I kinda like the modern  vibe of this house, but christina's  not really into it. I think I'm starting to realize that we're probably  on different pages. Bedroom number one. It's a little small,  there's no closet. We'd have to add a closet  and then it'd be really small. Yeah. Although that could be the bathroom for it. I just feel like we should be a bit closer to the beach. At least be able to walk there or cycle there. Yeah, you want to be  closer with this view? $10 million. All right, here's the master. I mean, you can see all the way to the ocean. It's like a picture. Wow, check that out. It is beautifully done. Okay, so this is probably  my least favorite part of the house. This is, like,  really too modern for me, but I really don't mind doing a little bit  of a remodel in here. What's this? Oh, well,  that's a pleasant surprise. It's a nice closet. Wonder if there's another one, though, 'cause it's only  gonna fit my stuff. yeah, that ain't  big enough for you. Guest bathroom. It's quite funky isn't it, everything around here. It's a very modern design. Yeah, look at that view.  Can you see it? No, but can you see it?  Can you see it?  No. No, I'm being serious. No, I'm not tall enough. - Then I'll show you.  -Oh, my god. Oh, wow.  That is actually really nice. You can see that  from your height? - Of course I can.  -Oh. Shorty. Come on. Oh, this is cool. This would be like a really  nice design studio space. This room has the best  view in the house. It is amazing. Oh, it shares the balcony. - Oh, that's cute.  -I like it. Love the balcony. You know what would have been really nice? If the master would have been on this side of the house 'cause this is a less busy road and this has a way better -- look at the view.  -The view's unbelievable. The view is unbelievable. Yeah, this is my favorite  part of the house. But wait, there's only one bedroom up here, besides the master. So we'd actually have to convert this room back into a bedroom. Well, it would have to be  because -- one of the kids would have this amazing view. You know that'd be taylor  trying to claim it.  Oh, yeah. what did you guys think? It's a beautiful house. But between the two of us,  we have four kids. Yeah, a bit more of, like,  living space and then also the bedroom situation. - It's not gonna work?  -It's beautifully done. hi. Hey, how it going,  what are you up to? - Hi.  -Hi, cashy. - Some exciting news.  -What? Could be a good thing. So, I got this email  from a local agent who has a pocket listing  that is not on the market. Before we decided  to buy together, this would've been  totally out of my budget. But this house is  pretty incredible. It's on a half acre lot. - Yeah, where is it though?  -It's outside dover shores. - It's right there.  -In newport? Yeah, and it has  a three car garage. you had me at three car garage. How much is it? $4.5. So it's a lot. It is the absolute  peak of our budget. It's a bit over the peak of the budget.  Yeah. There's not a lot for sale. There's not a lot for sale. Who knows, maybe there's  room to negotiate. And I think  it's worth taking a look just because it looks like  such a unique property. Over the past few  months before ant and I decided to buy a house  together, I looked at a ton  of houses for sale. Oh, wow. I can work with that. - Is there a pool?  -Nope. I wonder if there's  room to add one, what do you think? I like the vibe. It's not a very good layout. I could definitely get  used to waking up to that. The only thing is,  that and the front yard, that's all you get. You're paying for the ocean. I was also showing ant  a lot of these houses that were for sale  along the way. So we have sort of  a head start in knowing what's for sale right now. Having seen a ton of houses  that just weren't right I feel like we really need  to look at this latest place. Finding a home for sale on  a half acre lot on the beach is practically unheard of. We have to take a look. - When are we going?  -We can go tomorrow. open sesame. I do like the fact  that it's gated. And it's close to the beach. But then it's  really not private. Because everyone can  just see right in here. Yeah, but I can fix  those gates. How? - I have my ways.  -What are you gonna do? - I can fix the gates.  -You're not handy. - You're kidding me.  -I'm just kidding. It's big, isn't it? Has a three-car garage. Which means I need to get two more classic cars. okay. - Oh.  -Oh, wow. Oh, my gosh.  The ceilings are amazing. It's a 4-bedroom, 3-bath. So this is like an office  or a sitting room? Study? What is this? Currently it's like  an office or playroom. But I feel like this  should be a bedroom. Then you'd have  a five-bedroom house or... Or something else. Like a game room  or movie room. Oh, what is that? - That's the biggest island.  -The world's biggest island. Don't you think it's, like,  maybe a little bit weird? I like it. And it needs it 'cause look at the size of this. It's a little bit... It doesn't need a lot either. - It needs a lot.  -Oh, no. What? No, it feels a little sterile. And it feels very hipster and that's not my style. We want this house to really reflect us and I want something  more farmhouse, more contemporary, it's just not my style. I can't argue with that. Oh, my gosh, can you imagine  the kids playing out there? That's so much better  than any other house. The yard's probably, like,  seriously, four times the size of any yard we've seen. The pool's  maybe a little plain. But you can add things to that. What the heck is going  on past the pool? It looks like a jungle. I know but that  can be dealt with. Think about it,  this is newport. You're never gonna get  a house with this much space. Imagine the kids, come on. You got space here  for the kids to have dinners, play with  their friends, then there's a pool  which is amazing. And then beyond that,  I can already see a space -- beyond that is a whole 'nother yard that's gonna cost a fortune to deal with it. We're already looking at spending a lot of money inside just walking through. No, no, you're spending  a lot of money inside. This is expensive. I know but if you -- okay, so make it  low maintenance. - Fake grass.  -Low maintenance? Yeah, but if you get  rid of all this jungle... Fake grass costs a fortune. I know, but once it's in,  it's there forever. Oh, my god, it's perfect  size for a soccer pitch. Oh, my gosh, it's so messy. All this needs to be majorly trimmed back. And plus, it's on a flight path. Yeah, but newport's on  the flight path here. If you want to buy  a house in newport, you're gonna have  to swallow the planes. The privacy is amazing. That's "priv-acy." the privacy. No, it's privacy,  you know it's privacy. You brits pronounce  everything wrong. What are you talking about?  We pronounce it correctly. If you think about it, we're  speaking the queen's english and we gave it  to you americans. We don't have a queen here.  Say, aluminum. "alu-min-um." you just added a syllable for no reason. I know but it sounds better. Say herbs. No, no, the h isn't silent.  It's herb. What's the first  letter in zebra? - It's a zed.  -Zed-ebra? It's zed.  So alone it's a zed. Point proven. - Together it's a zebra. there's a lot of  privacy in the garage. There's privacy in the garage. No, it's "gar-age!" --got you. This is the master?  This is amazing. Oh, it's incredible. I think this is  the most amazing -- look. What is that? There's a loft  inside the master? It's like bigger than  a whole bedroom up there. This is the best bedroom I've ever seen. This doesn't even  make sense to me. - What would you do up here?  -Oh. It just seems like  a waste of square footage. I've seen your wardrobe. this would probably accommodate for half of it. - This is can be my closet?  -not a chance. Yes, thank you. Oh, my gosh,  now you're thinking. oh!  Oh, my gosh, obsessed. Oh, my god, the shower. - I like this.  -do you like brass? - Mm. It's all right.  -Oh, my gosh. I love brass. I've always wanted  brass fixtures. it's a bidet. - oh.  -Ooh. Yeah, that creeps me out. Oh, I like it. Watch. Oh, you see, it washes you. And dries your bumper. Oh, I don't like that. I'll be honest,  I don't like it.  I love it! You don't have to use it.  You can use the other toilet. - Kid's room.  -Oh, it's nice. It's really cute. That's lovely, I love the barn door. I love how every single room  has these amazing ceilings. I do love the ceilings. The bathroom's interesting. taylor will not like this. And I also am not really  sure about a door being in the bathroom to go  outside it's kind of weird. Especially if this is gonna be the kids' bathroom.  Yeah. Then they can't have  that door there.  Yeah, that's weird. So, cha-ching. Bray's room. A little small,  but it's perfect for him. I had a jack-and-jill  bathroom growing up and actually really liked it. - There's another bedroom.  -Oh, so cute. This bathroom is adorable. This is exactly how  I would design a bathroom. I love every single room  has high ceilings.  I know. This room is so cute. Oh, my gosh,  I love the balcony. This house has enough space for when ant's kids  come to visit. So the layout  really works for us and the yard is amazing. We're just gonna have  to figure out the price, but at least we both love it. Whenever you walk into a home, you know straight away. Do you feel like  this is a home? I can definitely see us  living here together. Great location. Great family home. We can cycle to the beach. And it's private. So let's calculate how much the major job's gonna be and knock it off the four and a half. I'd say we have to put  100 grand into it. But then we're gonna do more because we're gonna  want to make it our own. Because it's you. - No, because it's you.  -Okay, because of me. You can be quite persuasive. Exactly. All right,  let's give it a shot. all right. No, it's exciting,  it's good news. Yeah, I'm gonna  tell him right now. All right, thank you. All right,  we'll talk soon, bye. What? I have some really good news. What? what? I have some really good news. What? We got the house. Oh, my god. - it's crazy, right?  -Well, that's it for real? Yeah, they accepted our offer. So hang on a second, let it just sink in for a second. So that's it, we got the house? Well, okay, okay, I mean,  yes, they accepted the offer. So now I need to set up  the home inspection. Right. Meet izzy out there, have him make sure  everything's okay. But we are officially  in escrow. Oh, my... We could close in, like,  three weeks. It's gonna be amazing. - You happy?  -Yeah. I'm kind of shocked, actually. It's like, it's a real home. It doesn't feel real, no. - hey.  -Hey. Come on in. This is great. - Yeah, it's cool, huh?  -Oh, yeah. Please inspect it thoroughly. Inside, outside, anything you see let me know. - hey.  -Hi. Oh. Tell me  there's good news. Wow. A lot of house. There's a few issues  with the house. I was up in the attic and it looks like your experiencing some termite damage there. - Might have to get it tented.  -Tented? Yeah.  Oh, gosh,  this is a big house to tent. $6,000 to $8,000. Oh! Plus, if the termites got to the beams under the house, you might have to take  out all the floors. Oh, my gosh.  Okay, what else? I needed to actually show you a few things outside. Okay. it's cute hearing  the kids play outside. The neighbor kids. This whole fence is all dry rotted here. All along this side to the end. - And all along that side.  -That side, too? Yeah, it's just odd. It's a wood fence, it rots, and it's just that time where you gotta replace it. And what are my options? You could go stucco, kind of like what you have for the garden walls and the planters. But that could run  $60,000 to $80,000. Oh! Okay, no, what are  my other options? What about just to  try to repair this? We're just gonna put  bandaids on there. Kind of like what's been done for the last 10 years.  Uh-huh. 3 grand. Okay,  something to think about. That's a lot of money. - Anything else?  -Yeah. Okay, so I need you to look at this here. Okay, what do you see? Eh, it's crooked. Exactly. So it's crooked and it's ready to fall over.  Yeah. So you're gonna have  to tear that out. The whole thing's gotta go. The whole thing has to go 'cause everything's attached, it's just one piece. how much is that? Oh, the tear out's gonna be a couple of grand. But the biggest thing is what do you put back there? 'cause one I tear that out, that concrete's gone. Oh, yeah, you have to  replace it with something. - Exactly.  -And I feel like, yeah. Oh, okay. So what looked like "oh, great, I got an outdoor kitchen," you really don't have  an outdoor kitchen. And for a space like this, something you might  want to consider. Yeah, any buyer  who buys this house is gonna expect that  to be functioning. Yes. - Anything else?  -Yeah. It looks like you might  have some rodents. Rodents? Yeah, that might be coming in. Okay, so here,  you have red tape. Yeah, I was wondering  what that is. Usually that occurs  because you're having mice, rodents, will be getting  inside the house. I mean,  to safeguard everything, that's a few grand. Wow. Okay, I mean, this is way more than I thought. Yeah, I just have  one last thing. What? - Just one last thing.  -Izzy. So this is pretty much  just shot right here. - This is all shot.  -Oh, my gosh. I would actually  redo all the piers. Make it safe, get rid of all the dry rotted  girders underneath. And just build it and put a new railing up here. How much is that gonna run? $7,000? - Oh, jeez.  -$7,000 to $10,000. you have a little over $100,000 worth of repairs. - $100,000?  -Yes. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Yeah. What a nightmare. I'm gonna have to  go back with a major request for repair  from the seller. I absolutely cannot buy  this house for that price. This is way more work than  I thought it would be. If the seller won't provide  the 100 grand in credits off our offer, I don't  think we can make this work. - All right.  -All right. - Thank you.  -Okay. what? What's happened? What's happened? Okay, well, that was the realtor. The seller will not even budge and give us any money towards the credits. What, not a single penny? No, she's refusing. That's crazy,  that's a lot of extra work. At that price,  we didn't plan for any of that significant work. Now it's like we're buying a fixer. I think we need to back out. the seller will not even budge and give us any money towards the credits. What, not a single penny? No, she's refusing. Even after that list,  you and izzy did? Yeah. And at that price,  we didn't plan for any of that significant work. Now it's like we're buying a fixer. I mean, the list is huge of problems. I think we need to back out. You want to back out? I don't think we have a choice. At that price, by the time we put all the work into it, it doesn't make financial sense for us. I agree. So walk away. It's the right decision. Looks like we're  back to square one. - hi.  -I'm brad. - Hi, brad, nice to meet you.  -Nice to meet you. Hi, christina.  Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Come on in, so it's  4 bedrooms, 4-bath. Sits on a 3,000 square foot lot. Take a look, let me know if you have any questions. - Awesome, thank you.  -Thanks so much. Thanks. One good thing about  losing that house is that we can still consider  something on the water for ant. I found this place that  only has a two-car garage, but it's right on the water. Wow, check out that view. I really like the style, it's very modern, very clean, it's very coastal. Talk about waterfront. It's literally  right on the water. - I love the doors.  -Oh. You know what will be so cute? Imagine having a little boat and just walking down the dock and hopping in and going to dinner? - It's adorable.  -Yeah. - It's not very private, though.  -Yep. There's not a lot of  space for the kids. I would be actually terrified that brayden would just try to hop on a boat and sail away. --right? What, becomes a pirate? He has his captain's license and he's out. It's beautiful, but... This place may not be a fit, but I'm trying to  keep an open mind. Plus as an agent,  it's always helpful to see what things  are selling for. This might be the master. - Oh.  -Great master bedroom. Love the high ceilings. Do you know what?  I'm actually quite surprised. I thought it would  be a lot smaller. Yeah, I think the high ceilings  makes it feel a lot more grand. The view is just amazing. Wow. - Yeah, that's epic.  -Really nice. This is kind of interesting, so you step down  to the restroom. Shower's cool,  you love a bathtub. It's very modern,  though, isn't it? Very modern. I like it. Surprisingly,  pretty big closet. For you, it would be better  that this was the closet and that was the bedroom. oh, funny guy. - Guest bathroom? - I tell you what's really weird. There's parts of it that's your kind of style. And then it all goes really ultra modern. Yeah, they did go with  very modern bathrooms. Everything's angular. A little too modern  for me probably. Bedroom two. Here's the thing,  these rooms feel pretty small. That's because they are small. I wonder if we're gonna be able to see all the way to the ocean. You know what, I'm a little bit disappointed. You can't really see  anything up here. it's like a box on  the top of a roof. Yeah. So this one's on the water, but you give up a yard, privacy, and a three-car garage. Plus there's no extra bedroom  when my kids come and visit. So you're agreeing, we look more inland.  Agreed. - Let's go grab lunch.  -Ooh, hamburgers? salad. You must be joking. good, I'm driving  and I just got a crazy call. It's a call from our agent  about the house. The one where we're  negotiating with the seller about the credits. You're not gonna believe  what he just told me. good, I'm driving  and I just got a call from our agent about the house. Tell me. They changed their  mind when they realized that we're gonna back out. And they accepted  our counter offer. They dropped  the price by $300,000. Yep. It's exciting, huh? All right, well,  we'll celebrate tonight. All right,  I'll see you tonight. Love you. oh, my gosh. This is ours. I can't believe it. oh, my gosh. I'm speechless. It truly is amazing. Come on. Oh, my gosh. All right, crack it.  Crack this open. - whoo. My favorite champagne. - can you believe this is ours? - happy?  -I'm so excited. - Are you happy?  -I'm so excited. - You know what it feels like?  -It feels like home. - It feels like a fresh start.  -Yeah, it does. so quiet. So peaceful, right? We can sit there  and have coffee. Maybe a nice hammock  right here. Tons of string lights. Lighting everywhere. I'm talking about lighting this place up. - Speakers so we can listen --  -chairs around there. Chairs around there.  Speakers for music.  Oh, it's perfect. Let's go look inside. I want to show you what I have in mind. - Just one or two things.  -What, more? - Yeah, more.  -My, god. This is our dream house. So I have izzy coming over  and we'll set a deadline. In here, there's something  I'm really excited about. - See that small refrigerator?  -Yep. I'm gonna close off that door  and do a massive refrigerator. Really a showpiece. We'd have to close  off the laundry room, and we'd have to do  a door through the hallway because this is gonna  be one big wall. - So block that door.  -Uh-huh. - Big fridge.  -Big fridge. It'll be all clean and cute. - Over here... I'm thinking either we paint these white or we do cabinets because this just feels harsh and very --  cabinets. - Cabinets.  -Cabinets and keep it tidy. Yeah. How about we just celebrate  moving in?  Okay, well, I'm just excited. Just for, like, 30 minutes. - I have so many ideas.  -Hit me. One project  I'm really excited about is making the front room  into my design studio. I'm thinking  herringbone floors, storage for all  my fabrics and samples, and then lots of cool  art to inspire me. I'm gonna have that seriously it's gonna be demoed tomorrow.  Okay. Start working on  the kids' rooms. Yard? - Lots of work on the yard.  -It's gonna be tons of work. So are we gonna go for  a soccer pitch at the back? Yep. So I'll fix the gates.  Make them more private. The rest, I'm afraid,  is in your court. - good luck with that.  -Oh, my gosh. I've got a lot to do. - hi.  -You've gotta be super careful. I'm not wearing  appropriate shoes. Yeah, yeah. You've gotta be very careful. Right off the bat,  we have a problem. Izzy was right about termites  getting into the floor beams. Luckily,  we didn't have to tent, but we did have to  rip out so much more of the flooring than  I was planning on. How scary does this look?  It looks horrible. Yeah, we removed  all the plywood. Right. Then once we pulled  up the subfloor, we had to replace  the structural girder. Why? It was all --  tons of termite damage. So termites underneath the house ate the biggest beam? Yeah, so you got  a structural beam. We had to replace that. It's like straight out  of a freaking episode of "flip or flop." - I love the herringbone.  -Yeah. I can actually  see the vision now I think for the first time yet.  -Mm-hmm. I'm so glad  we're doing the theater and the kids don't know  so it's a surprise. Yeah. This is, like, the one thing  that they really liked from the yorba linda house  so I'm glad that we did this. Aw, that's great. So that when it's all carpeted  and the theater seats are in, then we have some  surround sound, get rid of the wallpaper,  black out curtains. I can smell the popcorn already. - Right?  -Yep. So this room  we have the good plan. So we got the tile  going on in here.  Yep. - And it's gonna be white grout?  -Yep. In here, this is brayden's  room as you know. Yes. I ordered a closet  so he'll have a closet. And...Hi, guys. New tile about to go in here,  it's gonna look so nice. So the sink tile in here, we're gonna run it all  the way through here.  Yep. And the window  looks really good. - Yeah, I agree.  -Thank you. So all this is being wired because I'm doing a smart home and I'm doing cameras and a security system and obviously I need all that stuff, so nacho will have  all the cabinets in by the 28th as well. - We're also building this out.  -Mm-hmm. This is the part nacho's doing and I'm doing drawers that pull out, 'cause obviously there's all --  okay. ...This wasted space  under there, so don't worry about that, but just know that  that's going on.  Okay. ♪ I'm gonna let  you have it, boy ♪ - hi.  -Hi. - How are you?  -Good, how are you? Thanks for meeting me. Of course, I got you a water already. Such a beautiful day. It's gorgeous, I love coming down here so much. I know, it's so nice. The reno is a huge project  but I have something even bigger planned that  nobody knows about, yet. Of course, the first  person I'm gonna talk to about it is  my best friend cassie. How's it going at the house? - It's a hot mess.  -Yeah. Construction war zone. I don't know why I decide  to always do this to myself. It's like I like punishment. I think you like living amongst a little bit of chaos at times.  -I think I do. It's a lot,  but we'll get there. I actually am working  on a special project I wanted to show you.  -Oh, good. what? I actually am working  on a special project I wanted to show you.  -Oh, good. what? christina. Are you engaged? Shh. - Yes.  -What? - Yes.  -Congratulations! Oh, my god! I can't believe it. Oh, my god. okay, the reason why  I said shh is because we want to keep it a secret. Oh, my god, I can't wait to see the ring. Where's the ring? - I can't wear it in public.  -Oh. It's at home hiding.  I'll show you it later. All right, wear it around the house? It's beautiful, yes,  I sleep with it. - Oh. also, I want you to help  me plan the wedding. Oh, absolutely, you know I'm gonna plan the whole thing for you. So not only do  we want the engagement to be a secret, we want  the whole entire wedding to be a secret. So I want all of our friends  and family to show up thinking they're at  a housewarming party when really they're gonna  walk into a wedding. Oh, my god. I think... How much time do we have? Like six months? A year? Like we want it at  the end of the year. We have to do it quickly  because I'm worried that we can't keep  the secret that long. Six weeks to plan a whole wedding, cake, vendors, caterers,  your wedding dress. Well, if anyone can  pull it off, it's you. All right, let's do it. You're lucky I love you. Do you think your house will be ready by then? That's a little risky. We have to get to work. Yeah, we got  a lot of work to do. My god, we're planning a wedding. - Love you. - Love you, too, congratulations. Thank you. with the wedding just  a few weeks away, everyone is pushing  to get the renovation finished in time,  including ant. so excited. Ant's been working hard  on these gates for me and he's finally done. - Hey.  -Hey. Oh, my gosh. - Happy?  -Perfection. You're the best. They look amazing. izzy's finishing the flooring  in the rest of the house and ant and his friend  chris are installing a custom railing in  the master bedroom loft. If you want to lay all  of these out like... Yeah, we'll just carry them up. say, can you put that  in the living room? You can just lean it against the wall for now. everything is really crazy  right now and it all feels like it's happening at once. This is chaos. Moving in,  finishing up the reno, and planning the wedding. Cassie's even pulled  some dresses for me to try on because going to  a bridal store right now isn't an option and we want  to keep this wedding a secret. --dress number on. Oh, my gosh.  You look beautiful. You really do. What do you think of  the dress? The dress... It doesn't have that,  like, wow factor.  Yeah. I feel like what's weird is that it looks like it's see through on the hips  when it's, like, the fabric shouldn't have been --  -yeah. ...And it just -- it needs lots of alterations.  It does. I do have one more option  that we were able to pull some strings, that I think that you  really will love. Okay, let's get you in there. Okay, ready? turn around. ready? turn around. - oh, my god.  -This is fancy. Ooh, I love the back. - Isn't that beautiful?  -Yes. I think this is... - The sleeves.  -This is so beautiful. This is, like,  made perfectly for you. It really does fit,  I mean, barely. Well, you don't have much  time around the corner so. I absolutely love it. I love the back,  I love the sleeve. It's like it was made for me. I just couldn't be happier. It's perfect. Well, that was a big to do  we just checked off. - Yes.  -Dress is done. Invitations are out,  catering's done, the vendors booked, we have  all the lighting coming in. We have things being built  out specially for the day. Do you think anyone knows? I don't think anyone knows. You know,  every day I check my email, I go online  and I pray that it's not online or someone's broke the news  so if we can just keep it going I think we're gonna  be good to go. This was a big step, getting the dress done and not being caught trying on a dress is huge so take one last look. This is definitely the one. - This is the one.  -I'm so excited. - all coming together.  -Sure is. I'm so excited to  have clients here. Ready for clients. One of the elements that  I'm most excited about in this house is  my new design studio. I transformed the living room  in the front of the house into my new office, a great  place where I can meet with clients and work  with my design team. It's a perfect spot, when people  walk in to meetings. Everything looks great. Love it, I love these doors  too and how open it is. - It's really nice.  -The trees. It really came together, you did a fantastic job. Thank you for all your help. My pleasure. - hi.  -Hey. Hey, champagne! - I brought your favorite.  -I like your style. You haven't seen the place fully dialed. - What do you think?  -I'm so happy for you. - Izzy, how you doing?  -How you doing? - You're bearing gifts.  -Yes, sir. That's a good man,  what do you think?  It's amazing. izzy did such an amazing job and I cannot believe how much  this house has transformed. And I'm really proud  of how my design for the house came together. So there's major teamwork  in this house. The flooring was definitely the biggest, boldest decision that we made here. Like, it's my favorite flooring that I've ever done. Yeah, yeah. The fact that that little fridge was there before and then it had that  open wall that went to the office and then the laundry room. There was just way  too much going on so it just feels  so much better. And now that you have  the theater room, cheers, which is like their favorite room in the house.  Cheers. It looks amazing, I'm obsessed. - Welcome home.  -Thank you. Home. I want to show you what  we did with the master. All right. - The master's my favorite room.  -Nice. So ant actually built  this bed and the light. This is nice. Huge transformation. I just love coming  home to this room. - I think she's happy.  -Yeah. - Well done, man.  -Yeah. What really makes  this home a fresh start for all of us is  that this is where ant and I will be married  and start a new life together. But finishing the house  is only the beginning. We still have a surprise  wedding to pull off. Okay, it's early afternoon,  the day before the wedding. Load-in has just begun.  I'm super excited. That's where the tent is going so the guys have  been working hard already last hour. Isn't that beautiful? The chandeliers. - Very, very, very.  -Are you excited? - No one even knows.  -No one knows, huh, tay? Everything's getting  set up for the big day. I'm so excited for the wedding. it's christina  and ant's wedding day. It's been crazy but everything's  really coming together. I can't wait to see the reaction  on everyone's faces once they realize  it's not a housewarming party. The invitation asked everyone  to dress up for the night so hopefully they listened. So I show up in my fancy suit thinking I'm going  to christina's party. And I start seeing the chairs, all the people  and then I see the altar and I start realizing this is ant's  and christina's wedding! they're getting married. you may now kiss your bride. I'm so glad we were able  to get married at home, seeing our parents  and our friends and everyone  we love in one place. There's nothing better. Well, it's a top secret wedding. I never believed in fate  before I met christina. You are the single  most amazing person I've ever met. so ladies and gentlemen,  mrs. Anstead. cassie, come here.  Come here. I really, really want to thank  this girl right here, cassie. kept it a secret on top of  everything else that you do for every single  other person on this planet. You're absolutely amazing  and I love you so much and I appreciate you so much. Our wedding was amazing. Everyone was so surprised. The tent was gorgeous,  the meal was incredible. I'm so thankful we were able  to pull this wedding off. It was the perfect  housewarming party and we're so excited to  start our lives together in our new home. And now,  an hgtv exclusive sneak peek. On season 2 of  "christina on the coast"... Life has been crazy busy. I have a ton of flips going on. I'm in the middle of reno  with a few design clients. - Hi, boys! - Hey! - Thank you for coming.  -You! Hi, good to see you! I'm sure there's  things that you want to change. Want to change?  There's things she's changed. - Oh!  -We have fish tanks. I love fish tanks. - That's, uh, beef.  -You know all their names? You know, you're kinda complaining about the fish tank, but, um, you seem more into it  than michelle. Yes, yeah. what was it like working  with christina? What do you mean how --  it's amazing working with me! Am I ever moody? I am not in a chance  answering that question. All right, you guys ready? - Yes!  -Oh, my gosh! - Welcome home, pandos! - Wow! This is one of the most  unique homes I've ever done. The fish tank -- have you  come up with any names yet? I'm thinkin' that yellow one  right there... - Oooh.  -...Is christina. thank you! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 