Christina on the Coast: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Christina on the Coast 
 s1e5 - Sweet Master Suite - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Christina on the Coast (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Sweet Master Suite - full transcript 
 A couple who has been steadily renovating their Huntington Beach home has only one room left to conquer. They hope Christina can turn their cramped, dark master suite into the bathroom of their dreams. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm christina. You may know me  from flipping houses. Every time I walk in,  I just can't get enough. It's a sexy house.  That is just placed beautiful! But there's a lot more sides  to me than that. I'm a mother of two  with a new business venture... -We're embarrassed of this area.  -Okay we're gonna change that. ...A new man... - It's perfect!  -Whoo! ...And a new point of view. We need help. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We will make it  so you both love it. I'm helping people create  beautiful new spaces to spend time  with their families... - This is incredible.  -It's beautiful. I love this! ...And branching out  into some new spaces of my own. It's time that we're gonna  sell the house. I can imagine being  in the kitchen and checking out the view. - Very zen.  -I know. Hello, bali. There's something wonderful about reinventing  someone's world... - Oh, my god!  -Wow! Christina, I love you.  This is amazing. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Thank you so much.  -You're welcome. ...And so far,  I'm loving the ride. - hi!  -Hi! Oh, hey, cash. - Cashie, look who's here.  -Cash, come here. - You want to say hi?  -Hi! A lot of people think that  I have a whole staff helping me run my busy life, but the truth is that  I handle it all myself except for a little help  from my best friend and publicist, cassie. - How are you?  -Good, how are you? Good.  I'm so glad you brought cash. I know. Sorry I'm late. - It's okay.  -Crazy morning. You know, I know you have a lot  on your plate, and I hate to add more to it, but, you know,  we've got a lot going on. - I'm gonna get my phone out --  -all right. Perfect. ...And see what we're missing. Okay. So I have three flips  going right now. One, we just started.  Two in progress. Taylor has parent-teacher  conference. We have those two interviews  we need to do, too. We can probably do them  by phone. - Phone would be good.  -All right. We're doing that big promo  shoot at the beach. - Are you excited?  -I'm actually really excited. It's sounds like  a really fun one. - Yeah.  -Also, so you know me and cara are writing the nutrition  book together.  Yes. In the next couple weeks, we need to wrap that up. On top of that, I just picked up a new client for design in huntington beach. They've done the rest  of their house, and the only thing left is the master bathroom, and they just don't want to deal with it so...  I'm sure. They're hiring me  to help with that. - Well, that'll be fun to do.  -Yeah. - What's going on with you?  -Things are going good. How's that matchmaker  I set you up with? oh, my god.  I think it's... Come on. You got to give me  a little fun today. I'm sweating.  We'll see, you know? - I love you.  -I'm looking for a partner -- yes.  ...A life partner,  travel partner. Okay. You guys hear that? - oh, my gosh!  -Hi! - How you doing?  -Hey, I'm charla. - Nice to meet you all.  -Nice to meet you, too. Thomas, nice to meet you. Oh, my gosh.  Is this a dog or a horse? He's an irish wolfhound,  the biggest breed in the world. - What's his name?  -Frankie. How old is he? - He'll be...  -Almost 2. Oh, my gosh! Ah! all right. Are we friends? Yeah? These are, like,  the exact same houses as my parents' neighborhood. - Oh, really?  -It looks very familiar. We got this house about eight years ago, and it was a foreclosed house.  -It's beautiful. - Yeah.  -Did you guys redo everything? Pretty much. In the kitchen, all the wood was taken up. There was mold. It was just a nightmare, so... Not to mention, like, look at the cabinets  and the countertops. - Yeah, just, yeah.  -Awful. Yeah, my parents used to have  that kitchen. Actually, they kept  the cabinets, and they keep, like,  refacing them. - Sorry, mom. we also did our backyard. We own a pool-construction  company so we did a little infinity-edge pool,  some firepits. Oh, so pretty. I love, like, the sound of the waterfall. That's so pretty, and I love  the reclaimed wood. Thank you. And I like how it has, like,  a lot of different elements and the way you tied it together.  Thank you. Yeah, it makes for a great  entertaining area. Yeah. Since being in this house, we've been in a constant state  of construction, so we decided to go ahead  and give ourselves a treat with this last piece  being the master bathroom. No offense, babe,  but it looks like a guy... It does, very masculine. Very macho.  Yeah, very masculine. It's very dark in here. - Yeah.  -So the tile is uneven. We have this digital scale, and certain tiles you could be 15 pounds lighter here  than over there. I mean, this tile right here, you don't have to go to the gym. You feel light. - You're -- it's -- you're good.  -I know. The tub, I don't use it. I'm in this thing, like,  three to five times a week. I love my bathtub. Obviously,  it needs to be redone. Do you use the jets? - No.  -No. I never use the jets,  and then as far as, like, this area over here,  I am a former hairstylist. I really have a passion  for all things beauty. You know, skincare, makeup, and this does not serve  my purpose. I can definitely relate  because I am a big fan of all those things as well, and the struggle is real  for women when it comes to our stuff. When I see these bottles  and brushes, it just drives me nuts -- - yeah.  -...So I'd just like to see clean, things are in proper order. We could attempt to sort  of declutter a bit. - Decluttering, I like it.  -Yeah, thank you. As far as the shower... It feels very cavernous  in there. It makes you feel  just kind of closed-in. So because you have this  really nice natural light  from the skylight, if we remove this wall  into the pony wall and just did all glass  right here, I feel like that alone  would make a huge difference,  you know? Yeah, that could work. I think we could remove all this  and do a really nice tub that's more up  to your guys' style.  Okay. For the vanities, bring the sinks closer together, and then we can extend  the makeup vanity, and you can actually sit down  and do your makeup. Sounds beautiful. Okay, so I think a good idea is to get everything demoed out, and then we can come back  with a fresh start and really design  this place. What style were you  thinking in here? Just clean, zen -- - mm-hmm.  -...Spa-like. - I just -- I'm a guy. log-cabin style,  that would be what he wants. We'll see what christina  comes up with.  Okay. This makeover is tough  because thomas and charla have two very different  looks they're going for. Charla wants bright.  Thomas wants dark. Charla wants feminine.  Thomas wants masculine. It's going to be a challenge, but hopefully I can make  both of them happy. - Start the demo.  -All right. Let's go! It's gonna look awesome. you guys ready to say  goodbye to your bathroom? - We are!  -I was ready years ago. Batter up! Here you go. Perfect. We're good. - Avoid the pipes!  -Don't hit me! - Ooh!  -Whoo! Ah! all right. - Come on in.  -Wow. It's looks so much bigger in here just having this wall gone. It feels so light  and bright in here. Yeah.  It looks great, great. So I have this huge piece  of white tile. - Well...  -What's going on with this? That's your flooring. Hand me that one, and I'll show  you the rest of the design. - Okay.  -Ooh, love the white. Cabinets, white oak. I love that. A little light, but okay. That's so beautiful. That has a masculine element. It's, like, a little bit teak. - Okay.  -Countertops. - Ooh.  -Clean, crisp, white quartz. Yep, that's exactly what you  want in a bathroom countertop. Very white. Shower walls, I was thinking  instead of doing a usual brick set,  we can keep it more modern. Do straight set  with white grout. - White grout?  -White grout. All the white's  kind of killing me. Is there anything else in your bag of tricks? all the white's kind of of killing me. Is there anything else in your bag of tricks? Well, I have more stuff. - Ah, there we go.  -Whoa. - That's awesome.  -That's so pretty. - Very nice. - So what are we doing with that? What I was thinking is doing  an inlay with it. So imagine the white tile  surrounded this, and we'll carry this tile like a rectangle,  basically, in the room. That's great. I love it. The white-and-black look,  I think, will add a really, a little touch  of masculinity in here -- sure. ...A little bit  of a darker element. That's good.  Yeah, that's gonna be  a neat element in here. And the shower pan,  my personal favorite. There's the dark color. - Yay!  -Yeah. I love that. That's great.  Oh, my god.  I love that tile. I'm using white tiles  for the shower walls and bathroom floor to give it a clean look  while the darker colors will bring drama  into the space. The wood cabinets will help  blend the styles, and we'll do a modern  backlit mirror to highlight charla's new makeup vanity. This whole  color combination together -- timeless, classic, modern. yeah, I like that, so it's not too light. - Good compromising.  -Yeah. That just comes together  so perfectly. This is gonna look beautiful. you guys want to help us  make banana splits? - Banana splits! yeah! Lately, free time is few  and far between, but I'm excited  because I have a moment to hang out with  my nutritionist friend cara, who I'm writing a book with. But I know that any minute  cassie is gonna call me because she's already warned me that she's gonna turn  my schedule upside down. You guys can start adding your toppings. - excuse me.  -Hey, cass. How's it going? Good, how are you? - We're making...  -Banana splits. ...Six kids healthy banana  splits over at cara's house. Well, I hate to  interrupt the fun, but I just had a few things I was hoping you and I  can go over really quick. Okay. So I heard back regarding  the promo photoshoot that we need to get done, and they came back to me  with three new dates, but they're all  within the next week. Next week? Oh, jeez. Thursday I'm... Well, I was planning  to fly to vegas with ant for a car show,  but I can push that to Friday. If you can push your flight  to Friday morning that would probably be best because I think we can make  the shoot happen on Thursday. Okay. All right. Well, that's what  I'll have to do. I'll do it. Let me reach out to them  to confirm now. - Okay, bye.  -Bye. Do you have everything worked out with the kids, or do you need help?  -No, I'm good. - Life of a working mom.  -I know. Well, maybe if you survive the week we should get massages, or at least schedule them, get them on the books. looks good, looks good. we have a friend! Come on. Let's go say hi. - Hi!  -Here comes trouble. - Hi!  -He is so cool. - You like your new cabinet?  -This is amazing. Oh, my god. I love it. I can totally visualize myself  sitting here, doing my makeup with a nice  beautiful mirror behind there. The shower is looking great. I really like the bottom tile,  and it's looking sharp. - Yeah.  -Frankie, you fit! - Yeah.  -The inspector did call us. He doesn't want drywall  going around the tub. - He's worried about mold, so...  -Got it. What if we take this tile and we  wrap it all the way around? That way, it kind of adds  a wainscoting effect. Just keep it in the same lines going in a straight stack,  and then, I think, actually, it's gonna make the space even feel bigger. - It'll look nice.  -Yeah. - It's a hit.  -I like the idea. Unfortunately,  it's gonna cost extra. If I had to put a number to it, I'd probably say maybe around 1,500 bucks. Ooh. It is what it is. I mean, the inspector is not  gonna allow it, so... - Yeah.  -All right. - Ready?  -So we're a go on the tile? Yeah, yeah, let's go ahead  and do that. - Yeah.  -Okay. Next step is gonna be  picking out a tub. I kind of like an oval  sort of shape. so I was complete opposite. So I was thinking, like,  just rectangular, very masculine and round and... Yeah,  I just don't think that you should have a say-so in this  because you'll never use it. I might if I had one  that I liked. I'll pick a good store  that has a lot of options. - Yeah? Go shopping this week?  -We have to go shopping then. - It's gonna be fun.  -Okay. All right. Frankie,  come on, dude. Let's go. - Come on, franks.  -Get out of this bathroom! Let's let the boys do their job.  Come on. I don't know how I feel  about this one. It's a little bit too egg-like. Yeah.  These are kind of cool. This one's really pretty. I like how it's kind  of softer edges. He's not gonna use the tub  as much as I will, so I'm pretty sure  that whatever it is that I choose will be  our choice together. This is a definite no for me,  too feminine. Needs to be more manly. I don't even know why you even  have any input on this. This is a definite no for me,  too feminine. Needs to be more manly. I don't even know why you even  have any input on this because it's not like  you're ever gonna use it. I might jump in every once  in a while. I don't want a girlie tub.  I want, you know, I've kind of given you your way this whole time so it'd be nice to have my way. I like this one. It's got really nice  clean corners. That is very modern. - Yeah.  -Very modern. A little too sharp for me. Too sharp for you? - Yeah.  -This one is nice. I like this one. I really, really like this one,  a lot. It's rounded, but it also has,  you know, shape. - My edges.  -Yeah. - My masculine edges.  -Yeah. It'll definitely fit perfectly with the design with have going. I think it's modern,  but not too modern. And then when we add that matte black fixture, I think that's gonna really tie it all together. It's gonna look awesome. - So we're in?  -Yep, we're in. This is it!  All right. Let's get it ordered. Okay. all right.  Let's throw on the yellow. Which is our favorite yellow? So today is the day  of the promo shoot. All right, boys. You don't have to go home,  but you can't stay here. It was a little crazy getting my schedule totally cleared for it, but it's gonna be  so much fun. Tay, when he says taylor  you have to run, okay? Action, taylor! go! life is crazy right now but days  like this make it all worth it. I love this part of my job.  Today was so much fun. Looks beautiful. - whoo!  -Looks so good. I'm glad you guys went  with the white quartz. - I am, too.  -This looks better. It's really clean and crisp, and I think with  the black hardware --  ooh. Ooh, that's what  I'm talking about. That's a dude handle right there, if I ever saw one. - That is! - I love your bathroom.  -Yeah? I am gonna be sad  to part with this one. things are moving along  in the bathroom, but we keep walking through  the bedroom to get to it, and it's nice,  but I keep thinking it could use  just a little help, and I definitely think  I can help them out with it. I think there's just a few  simple things that'll make a big difference. One is the paint. Light gray would look  really nice, and then I think even just  painting the beams white, I think it'll soften it. - See that hardware?  -Mm-hmm. If you paint that black,  it'll kind of give it, like, a cool, edgy factor. Yeah, I like that. As far as changing out  the furniture, I feel like it just feels,  like, a bit dark and bulky. Why we got all this furniture  in the first place, was to kind of go  with the bathroom originally. - Mm-hmm, totally.  -Mm-hmm. So I do feel like some changes  need to be made. Yeah, we could use a new bed.  Why not? Yeah, we'll go shopping. A four-poster would be  really cool. Black would really incorporate the black and white  in the bathroom nicely. - Mm-hmm.  -Yeah. - I could totally see that.  -That's cool. I think you could be all-in  for only about $1,500, and I think it would  totally transform this space. - Yeah.  -That sounds reasonable. - I think that's worth it.  -Okay. - Yeah, I agree.  -Let's do it. - Cool.  -Awesome. so this is where the screw  or the bolt threads in. - Nice.  -There you go. And you just slide it back  and call it. Cute. It didn't take a lot of changes  to make it just change a lot. Like, the way the beams  blend in now, the whole black and white theme, the bed looks perfect in here. It's awesome. What do you think?  You like it? Are you excited? - wow.  -Whoa! - Fancy.  -Wow. Oh, that looks really sharp. - Oh, my gosh.  -I like that. I got my pedestal tub. It's so, like, modern-elegant. very just sharp and crisp. Yeah, and I love the color  of the faucet. - Wow.  -So rugged and manly. - Yeah, and...  -Very rugged, very manly. I love how normally the faucet goes right in the center, and we have this one off to the side to not obstruct, you know, anything going on in the corner. Ah, looking good. This is such  a glamorous bathroom. You gonna just chill  in there all day? all right.  I'll leave you guys to it. - hey.  -Hey, mike. - How's it going?  -Good. - We got a problem, though.  -What? The backsplash is  a little too high. Yeah, I'm a little bit nervous about what the height of the mirrors are gonna be. Sorry. That's my fault. So when the fabricator  was here, I asked him  if it would be possible if we could use  the extra countertop to make the backsplash  a little bit higher. I didn't realize that there was  gonna be any problems there. Sometimes one decision that  a homeowner makes can unfortunately affect  many things down the road. It's like a domino effect. Put that one up there. Now, imagine you're trying  to get ready, and then you're in the chair  and, like, I can only see my eyebrows. - That's not gonna work.  -Yeah. I am so sorry, you guys. Oh, man. Do I have to take off  the backsplash? We would have to remove  this portion so that we could put the mirror down here. Worst case, we break something,  we scratch the countertop. - Well, there is another option.  -Okay. So because the mirror  is backlit, and it already kind of looks  like it's coming off the wall, what if we built it out  and that way the mirror was sitting in front  of the backsplash? Like that? Yeah, so we could frame it out and then just paint  everything white behind it so it just blends in, and I think it still looks cool.  I do, too. I think that's probably  the best option. - Kind of fur it out?  -Yeah, yeah. - Okay, yeah, that works.  -Yeah? - Yeah.  -That's an easy fix. All right.  Let's keep moving forward. pillows for the bed. I think the master suite  turned out beautiful. It went from being kind of dark  and rustic to supermodern and chic. Beautiful. My goal for thomas and charla  was a spa-like bathroom, and I achieved it. I know they're gonna love it. How's my big boy? Oh, I'm gonna miss you! - Wait, oh...  -There he goes! Ah! Go down. You guys haven't peeked,  have you? Nope, not at all. It's like torture. --wow. This doesn't even look  like the same room. It feels so light  and bright in here. - It looks like a model home.  -Definitely. This is a model home that I would want my home  to look like. Between the bed frame  and the paint, we only spent $1,500. - That's, like, a huge change.  -That's crazy. And the best part of all is it  matches the bathroom perfectly. - Wow!  -Oh! before it was just so closed in and dark. This is, like,  a real-deal spa. It has, like, a zen-like feel. very relaxing, it matches  with your bedroom so nicely. It's just so you guys. This is definitely a place  I could spend a lot of time in. It's so peaceful. It's got some masculine stuff in here. I dig it. The little details of black  really do add a masculine edge to it, and just removing  this wall alone opened up the space so much. Oh, my gosh. I'm in love. Can you visualize yourself  in the tub -- - absolutely.  -...Candlelit, a book. Yes.  Okay, can you guys leave? Sorry, sorry. The finish on the cabinets,  I think, are my favorite. It's just clean and elegant. - Ah, that's really cool.  -Ooh! This light is amazing. It makes you look beautiful. really, I know. I just want to carry it around with me everywhere. Oh! I seriously cannot wait to get  my vanity all set up. Thank you. It's just been such a pleasure to work with you both, and you guys are such  an amazing couple. This has been such  a positive experience, so thank you so much  for all of this. Yeah, thank you. Doing this type of design  business is super rewarding. I'm officially gonna give you  your bathroom back. - All right.  -It's all yours now. It is gonna be sad to part. Frankie, I'm gonna miss you. - Aw.  -Bye, big guy. I've just grown so close to each  and every one of the clients -- thank you.  I hope you guys love it. ...And we just have all created  a different type of bond. It's just fun. I love it. - Bye, frankie!  -Bye! And now,  an hgtv exclusive sneak peek. On season 2 of  "christina on the coast"... Life has been crazy busy. I have a ton of flips going on. I'm in the middle of reno  with a few design clients. - Hi, boys! - Hey! - Thank you for coming.  -You! Hi, good to see you! I'm sure there's  things that you want to change. Want to change?  There's things she's changed. - Oh!  -We have fish tanks. I love fish tanks. - That's, uh, beef.  -You know all their names? You know, you're kinda complaining about the fish tank, but, um, you seem more into it  than michelle. Yes, yeah. what was it like working  with christina? What do you mean how --  it's amazing working with me! Am I ever moody? I am not in a chance  answering that question. All right, you guys ready? - Yes!  -Oh, my gosh! - Welcome home, pandos! - Wow! This is one of the most  unique homes I've ever done. The fish tank -- have you  come up with any names yet? I'm thinkin' that yellow one  right there... - Oooh.  -...Is christina. thank you! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 