Christina on the Coast: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Christina on the Coast 
 s1e2 - Master Suite Makeover - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Christina on the Coast (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Master Suite Makeover - full transcript 
 A couple's dated master suite is very outdated and desperately need of a makeover. Christina rolls up her sleeves and turns the rundown room into a chic and functional space. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  I'm christina. You may know  me from flipping houses. Every time I walk in, I  just can't get enough. It's a sexy house. That is just  plain beautiful. But there's a lot more  sides to me than that. I'm a mother of two with  a new business venture... -We're embarrassed of this area.  -Okay, we're gonna change that. Christina:  ...A new man... It's perfect. Whoo. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ...And a new point of view. We need help. We will make it so  you both love it. Christina:  I'm helping people create  beautiful new spaces to spend time with  their families. This is incredible. -It's beautiful.  -Ah, I love this. Christina:  And branching out into  some new spaces of my own. It's time that we're  gonna sell the house. I can imagine being  in the kitchen and checking out the view. Very zen. I know.  Hello, bali. ♪ this is just the start ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 christina:  There's something wonderful about reinventing  someone's world. -Oh, my god.  -Wow. Christina, I love you.  This is amazing. Thank you so much.  -You're welcome. ♪ we've just begun ♪ christina: And so far, I'm loving the ride. ♪♪ [ cellphone ringing ] -hey, how are you doing?  -Good, how are you? Ant: Good. Enjoying  the weather. Christina:  I have some great  news, I was going to wait to tell you, but  I'll just tell you now. You're pregnant? [ laughs ]  no. I got a new project to  work on in fullerton. Their names are matt and ryan and this is the first home that they've bought  together. And it's a master bedroom and bathroom remodel. Oh, wow.  That's great! So I'm gonna go check it out, and get to meet them. We'll celebrate  tonight over sushi. Love it, can't  wait. See you later. All right.  Love you. ♪♪ christina: Matt and ryan's whole  house has been remodeled, except for the master  bedroom and bathroom. I can't wait to meet  them and get started. [ door knocking ] -hi.  -Hi! Welcome, come in! Hi, christina.  Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you.  This is matt. -Hi.  -Hi. So nice to meet you! Who is this?  -This is bandit. Hi, bandit,  aren't you cute. Come on in.  Welcome to our home. -Hi. Thank you, it's so cute.  -Thank you. When did you  guys move in? We just moved in  a month ago. Yeah,  it's very pretty. We tried to mix it  up a little bit. A little different textures with a little of  our photography, matt's pictures here  so a lot of pictures. -I love it.  -And ryan's picture behind you. -Yeah  -oh, wow. You did that? Ryan: Yeah, that's from  our yosemite trip. Oh, my god, that's beautiful!  That's mcclaren meadow. ♪♪ and then here's our kitchen. Christina:  I love your kitchen.  It's so cute. This is a big reason why we purchased the home. Matt: The kitchen and the guest  bathroom are perfect. They're great, they  are very much our vibe with the modern industrial  style that we love. Yeah, but the master  bedroom is just a disaster. Interesting, this does  not match the rest of the house at all. No. "interesting" is  a very good word. Yeah, the closets...  -1950s right? Not necessarily the look  that we really enjoy. -Yeah, it's not your style.  -No. So this room,  you really... There's no door and  you have a toilet? Matt: Number one requirement  would really be a door. Some boundary is good. The second thing  that we really wanted and I mean this is  what you really want. -Is the double vanity.  -Yes, yes. Please, christina. And it just happens  to tie into whatever this thing is over here. It's a  water cubicle. Well it's tile  on tile on tile. Tile, yes. We've seen worse  on "flip or flop." sure, some of those houses you guys got. I mean, this is  disgusting, yeah. So I have some ideas,  but what's through here. This is a door  to unused space. -Watch your step.  -Okay. If you don't use  this space then, might as well close  off this door. That would be great. I like it. Christina:  By shutting this door,  we can create the dual vanity that you guys like.  -Okay. I'm also thinking extend  the shower out to here, so we can put a bench  on the other side. Oh, cool! And then depending  on your style, we could do a barn door.  -Whoa. [ laughs ]  this is getting better. I'm excited, let's do this. I love how excited  you guys are. ♪♪ whatever you do, don't let  this fly out of your hand. Yeah, this better break because if it doesn't break I will never  hear the end of it. [ laughter ] matt and ryan have  $35,000 to spend here. I talked to izzy, and he  said he's gonna make it work. I like to do layout  before design because it's much easier  to envision the project with a fresh start. [ banging ] whoa, you  really went for that. All right. Let's let  the pros finish it up. But you did  a decent job. [ banging ] ♪♪ shannon:  What's going on? Christina:  I've got three flips  going, so doing those and I just  started a new client, which I'm super excited  about in fullerton. Matt and ryan, I'm doing  their master suite. It's more of a  challenge like doing it for other people  versus what I'm used to which is flips where I get  to pick everything, you know. Shannon:  Now you actually have to listen  to other people's opinions I know, it's hard work for me. I know. Wait, so what's the  latest on this house now? I really want to sell it, and I'm ready to get it listed. But part of me  is thinking, "shouldn't I find  a place first?" especially with the kids and everything. Yeah, that's  kinda scary. What does ant think,  have you talked to him? -Yeah, that's a good idea.  -Yeah. I have one more question  though, long or short today? [ laughter ] -easy, long.  -Yeah, long. We got to do long. ♪♪ [ cellphone ringing ] hey, they're filming  you, so look pretty. How's it going? Good, what  have you done? I'm so frustrated. Why? Because there's no  houses on the market. There's  nothing at all? There are  nice houses for sale, but they're  so over priced. You've got  too much going on, why don't you just focus on selling the house and sorting out matt  and ryan's place, and you know, the rest of it you'll just figure out later. Yeah, you're right. One step at a time, I'm  just so ready for a change. [ sighs ] anyone who's been  through a divorce knows that staying in the  house, it just -- it holds a lot of old emotions. It'll come,  be patient. Listen, I've got to go.  -All right, love you. -Love you, bye.  -Bye. Selling the house is  gonna be a big step in my own independent direction. ♪♪ izzy: There's no raccoons  down here, is there? Or rats? So when we demoed the  shower, there was traces of galvanized plumping. I got to go under the house  to see if there's more there. Oh, wow. Galvanized plumping sucks. It's something that they  used to use years ago and I see it all  the time in flips. -Izzy....  -[ groans ] are you okay? Christina:  Now we use copper pipes. The bad thing about  galvanized pipes is they rust, and over the years,  they can get corroded and it's just kind of gross. I wish I had better  news for you guys. You see all  that rust in there, you don't want that rust going in through your shower so this has to be replaced, plus all your wiring is just like your plumbing, that has to be rewired, as well. I'm afraid to ask how  much this is gonna cost. ♪♪ izzy: I wish I had better  news for you guys. Found some galvanized plumbing  underneath your bathroom. Plus all your wiring,  it's all old and that has to be rewired, as well. Christina:  What do you think  we're looking at? $2,400. Ouch. Unfortunately  this is something that I've come  across so many times and it's the kind of money  that you have to spend on stuff that you'll  never actually see, but it is something  that you definitely need to replace  for safety reasons. We knew we had to have a backup plan to address costs, if and when they come up, but that cost is a lot.  -Yeah. -Okay.  -Let's figure it out. That's the right attitude. -All right.  -Let's do it. And you can get  out of the hole. Yes, it's so hot. ♪♪ -all right.  -All right. -Okay.  -Oh, look at this! Christina:  You have all new plumbing,  all new electric. But now's my favorite part.  -All right. Talk about putting  it back together. -Oh, I like it.  -I like it. When you're flipping a house, it's really just me  designing the house for the masses, and I can  pick whatever I want. But designing for a  person, I have to really be intuitive about what  style they're going for and people have  their own opinions. And I guess potentially,  they don't like what I pick, so it's a little nerve wracking. I actually have this in  mind for the shower walls. -Oh, okay, okay.  -Ah. That'll be really really cool. I think it has that like  industrial modern look you guys like, and the  color is so pretty. -The texture, you see that?  -Yeah, the texture is amazing. So this is what I had in  mind for the shower pan. I like it. -Now, my favorite part.  -Uh-oh. Yeah, I like where it's going.  -Oh! That's cool. Coring. Christina: A glass door on this huge shower will keep the space  open and bright. And we'll bring in  industrial hardware to complement the wood  grain tile and penny rounds. But it's the patterned floor  that's really gonna tie in the modern look  that matt and ryan have throughout the house. It's tough  to envision, right? I mean, right now  we're at this point where it's bare studs around.  -Yeah. But I love where this is headed. It's amazing.  -Yes. So let's get it installed,  and then once it's in, we'll go shopping  and pick a vanity. -All right.  -Perfect. ♪♪ ♪♪ brayden, look.  Ooh, strawberries! My strawberries. Oh, such a good sharer. Do you wanna play war?  -Mm-hmm. Do you want  to deal them out? I'm excited to tell  taylor and brayden that we're gonna move. Ooh, war. Yeah.  -Ugh I think part of taylor is  gonna be a little bit nervous, but I think overall it's the  best decision for our family. Hey, we've talked  about it a little bit, but it's time that we're  gonna sell the house. I'm just gonna miss  this house a lot. I mean, I've lived in this  house for four years. So how about when I go  start looking at houses you can come with me 'cause  you have the best taste. Okay. When you get a new room,  you can help me design it. Maybe, ocean themed. That's cute. Aw, you got my king. Taking that to go? Bye. Love you, tay.  -Love you, too. ♪♪ so, now that this bathroom's  coming together... Yeah, that's great. Let's talk making you  guys a little more of a luxurious master. The closet...  It's gonna go. It would be really cool  and unique to create, instead of like  a basic closet, kind of like  a furniture piece. Yes. Demo it out. We're gonna get  something more functional, more modern.  -Oh, yes, you hear that? Why don't  we grab izzy's guys and get this thing  out of here. Yes. ♪♪ matt: You got it? Yes, I wasn't really prepared for this in my sandals. But you got to do  what you got to do.  You got it. ♪♪ [ glass breaking ]  oh, my god. ♪♪ [ glass breaking ] oh, my god. Ryan: Matt, christina? Oh, my god,  what happened? I was lifting it and it just  crashed into the window. Yeah, I'm just so  thankful that you're fine and no one got hurt.  -I'm good. Thank you so much. Christina: I think we should just  all get out of here, we'll clear out the space, we'll secure the window, and I will order  a new window. -Yeah, let's go that way.  -All right. ♪♪ izzy, have you happened  to replace the window at matt and ryan's yet? Izzy: I have not, but  I did put a piece of plastic on there  to secure the house. Okay, perfect because I think  they want to make it a door. Izzy: Okay. Christina:  They want access  to the back yard, and it will be easier with  the dog and everything, so do you think you  can go over there and give them  price and timeline? Perfect, I'll let them  know you're headed over and we'll go from there. Izzy: All right, great.  Have a good day. Christina:  Thanks. You too. ♪♪ just keep in mind that  it's not gonna be as simple as just popping in the door and  then we're walking away. What has  to happen then? -So you got drywall work.  -Okay. -You got framing.  -Okay. Then, building code is  gonna require us to have the light  on the outside. So we're gonna have to  run electrical somewhere and then you're going  to need a landing. So dollar sign, dollar  sign, dollar sign. Yeah, that's  all I can hear. At least $5,000. That's a little more  than we expected. Fortunately we had set aside some money for doing other things in the backyard and that makes it a  lot more manageable for us to go forward. Let's just get it  all done. -You're good with that?  -Yeah. -Decision made.  -Yes -cool.  -All right. ♪♪ ♪♪ -oh, you're cleaning?  -Yes. Oh, thanks for helping  me clean up, buddy! Okay. Mommy really does need to clean up. Having the first open house at the yorba linda home  is really exciting. [ door bell chimes ] oh, is he here? Okay, we're gonna leave  in like 30 seconds. [ dog barks ]  hi! Hey, christina, how  are you doing? Good. How are you? Good, good. Are you ready for big showings today? Um, yeah. If the house sells fast,  and I'm not in escrow in another house, which  I'm not currently, well, looks like I'll  be renting for a bit. I'm gonna take off  with them, that way you guys can have some peace  and quiet during the showing. Oh. All right, have  fun with the kids.  Thank you. C'mon tay, c'mon. ♪♪ wow. I'm really excited to have  people come through the house because I really think they're  gonna like the design. We're definitely  going to have to change  the tile for sure. It's getting real, like  there's real buyers in there looking. Oh, my gosh, look  there's a water slide. I don't think anyone's really  comfortable with open houses look at  this refrigerator. -I feel bad opening it, but...  -Plenty big. I don't really like  people in all my stuff, but I got to sell this  house, so here we go. ♪♪ ♪♪ -thank you.  -You're welcome. Is there any that  we can't step on? Yeah, for sure, just  these four right here. -Okay, so watch your step.  -Awesome. -All right.  -Got it. Ryan: Whoa, look at this! This is the most unique  and definitely one of my like top three favorites I've ever done. -Only top three?  -Yeah, that's a lot. Yeah, that's true. You've done a lot. I think I've  done like 150. You've done a lot. What do you guys think about the floor? Mentally I'm grappling  with how striking the light  and the dark color is. I figured that you guys might be a little bit thrown off when  you first saw it. So don't forget, one, that the vanity is going in, so you're not gonna have this much flooring  that you can see. I think it looks  amazing, but I can tell that matt and ryan are  a little bit skeptical. So it's my job to really  help them feel comfortable and to help them visualize  what the end project is gonna look like. Matt: You're gonna notice  this floor. -Yeah, you are.  -What did we even have before? I don't  even remember. -We're almost there.  -Yes, we are. ♪♪ all right,  vanity time. Just feel them out.  -Okay. See if anything  jumps out at you. Ryan: Oh, okay, here we go.  This is nice. It's a little traditional  though, right? It is  a little traditional. What's this? These are very,  very modern. It's kind of fun. I don't think it's  gonna match though. This is nice. I...  Do like the wood. How about we grab a  couple sink options. We can put them on top.  -See the whole thing? -Makes sense.  -Okay. I love this vanity. Ryan: I like the look, but you know what I'm realizing? This might be a little  too tall for me. I'm good on this  side of the table. I might be a little -- standing up. Okay sometimes we  have to make choices, design or functionality,  and it's really up to you guys, do you prefer  for it to look super cool or do you want to be  functional and easy to use? I don't know. Looks super cool. I mean,  this is our one time to design  the master bathroom. But I can't use it. ♪♪ christina:  It's really up to you guys, do you prefer for  it to look super cool or do you want to be  functional and easy to use? I don't know. Looks super cool. I mean,  this is our one time to design  the master bathroom. But I can't use it.  [ laughs ] I have an idea,  hear me out. Okay so you can still  get this super cool look. However, we can under mount it. And you're still  gonna see that it's that like really  unique square edge, but it's gonna be built in.  -Okay so we get function and  you get design still. Yeah, it's gonna lose  some of the edge to it. But then at least I'll  be able to use it. Thank you. There's stools. -There's stools!  -You hear that? No, I'm not gonna put  a stool from there, no. I can tell I'm gonna lose this one, aren't I? Yes, we're gonna have to  go with functionality. ♪♪ ♪♪ make sure  fingers are clear. Cash! Get off the couch. Go outside. C'mon, cash, c'mon.  [ telephone ringing ] -hello.  -Hey, christina, we got an offer  on your house. Wow. All right. That's great news. When I listed the yorba linda  house for sale, I didn't anticipate that  it would sell in a week. -Is it a good offer?  -It's a great offer. Having an offer on the  house is very exciting. It's also stressful  because we currently don't have a place to live. Will you go ahead and  e-mail it over to me so I can take a look, and then  I'll call you with questions. Dean: You got it, we'll  send it right over. All right, awesome.  Thank you. But I'm excited it's the  next step in moving forward. Guess what? We can make a mess again. Ooh, mommy, yeah!  [ laughter ] ♪♪ christina:  The small details really  help make the space feel like it's a home. I'm so excited for matt and  ryan to see the finished space, they're going to be  obsessed with it. All right, guys.  Let's do this. You're going to get  your house back. -I know.  -Let's do this. Oh, my gosh!  Wow, it's perfect. This is awesome. ♪♪ christina:  So matt really wanted to  do something extra special for you, ryan. Oh, my gosh!  This is awesome! So we got together  and printed this, and I think it looks  absolutely beautiful. Look at this!  It's beautiful. -Yeah, you did that.  -Thank you so much. There's bandit,  there's our family. I absolutely love the way  the closets turned out. They really do look like  pieces of furniture. Ryan: Awesome.  Oh, yeah, look at this closet. They're beautiful  and functional. Yes! I love the cut corners.  That really works. And we had  the window incident, but I think the door  looks absolutely amazing. Yes! You guys ready for  the real reveal? The master bathroom. -Yes, we are!  -Yeah, let's look at it. ♪♪ wow! Look at this. This is so cool. It's amazing. I'm just floored,  I'm floored because it's  everything we wanted. Christina:  I like how here there's so many different elements going on, you have like  kind of like almost rusticky wood tile, but then I like the modern textures with the penny rounds.  -Yeah. The floor tiles,  my favorite ever. -Yes! Compared to before.  -The tile really stands out. When we first saw  it, it was a lot. -Scared you guys.  -It was a lot. It was a little scary.  -But it works now. It's beautiful. Closing off  the door in here, was a game changer.  -Oh, yeah. Closing it off created a dual vanity, which I know was so important to you guys. Check mark we got  it. Check mark. You know the big  thing that we got? -What's that?  -We got a door. I mean, that --  we love it. Look at that.  That's beautiful. -Privacy.  -I love it. ♪♪ christina: I'm so glad this  project was a success and matt and ryan  love the space. It just made me feel so good,  and I was so happy for them. Thank you for this  wonderful retreat. You're so welcome.  It was a pleasure. I absolutely loved every second  of working with you guys. Group hug.  -Group hug, yes! Thank you so much.  You did amazing. As for me, my  house sold so fast, that now we have to hustle  and get everything out. And the kids are  gonna officially have to say bye to the house. I'm not even sure how  that's gonna feel, but no matter what, our next  chapter has officially started. ♪ this is my battle cry ♪ announcer: And now,  an hgtv exclusive sneak peek. Christina: On season 2 of  "christina on the coast"... Life has been crazy busy. I have a ton of flips going on. I'm in the middle of reno  with a few design clients. -Hi, boys!  -Both: Hey! -Thank you for coming.  -You! Hi, good to see you! Christina: I'm sure there's  things that you want to change. Want to change?  There's things she's changed. -Oh!  -We have fish tanks. I love fish tanks. -That's, uh, beef.  -You know all their names? You know, you're kinda complaining about the fish tank, but, um, you seem more into it  than michelle. Yes, yeah. ♪ this is just the start ♪ what was it like working  with christina? What do you mean how --  it's amazing working with me! Am I ever moody? I am not in a chance  answering that question. Christina:  All right, you guys ready? -Yes!  -Oh, my gosh! -Welcome home, pandos!  -Both: Wow! This is one of the most  unique homes I've ever done. The fish tank -- have you  come up with any names yet? I'm thinkin' that yellow one  right there... -Oooh.  -...Is christina. [ laughs ]  thank you! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 