Christina on the Coast: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Christina on the Coast 
 s1e4 - Tore Down from the Floor Down - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Christina on the Coast (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Tore Down from the Floor Down - full transcript 
 A couple wants to update the master bedroom and bathroom in their Costa Mesa, California, home and need Christina's help to merge their tastes into a cohesive design. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  Christina: I'm christina. You may know me  from flipping houses. Every time I walk in,  I just can't get enough. It's a sexy house. That is just plain beautiful. But there's a lot more sides  to me than that. I'm a mother of two  with a new business venture... We're embarrassed  of this area. Okay.  We're gonna change that. ...A new man... -It's perfect.  -Whew. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ...And a new point of view. We need help. We will make it so you  both love it. I'm helping people create  beautiful new spaces to spend time  with their families... -This is incredible.  -It's beautiful. [ gasps ] I love this. Christina: ...And branching out  into some new spaces of my own. It's time that we're gonna  sell the house. I can imagine being  in the kitchen and checking out the view. Very zen. I know. Hello, bali. ♪ this is just the start ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 christina:  There's something wonderful about reinventing  someone's world. -Oh, my god.  -Wow. Christina, I love you.  This is amazing. -Thank you so much.  -You're welcome. ♪ we've just begun ♪ christina: And so far,  I'm loving the ride. ♪♪ ♪ hey ♪ ♪ who got the power,  we got the power ♪ ♪♪ -wow.  -How are you? The new store looks  so beautiful. -It's really coming together.  -So many new products. And even more to come out soon. Christina: Jesse and missy own  a flooring company. I met them about five years ago  through flipping houses, and throughout the years, we've  become really good friends. Missy asked me to come  to their store today to discuss some renovations  they're doing on their house. Downstairs is totally demoed. You guys are totally  in the war zone right now? We are war zone. Yeah. There's nothing left. Like... No kitchen, no bathroom, nowhere to sit downstairs. -We're in two bedrooms --  -mm-hmm. ...About ready to condense into one with our daughter. It's stressful, especially  when kids are involved, and they feel  out of their sorts. Absolutely. And you guys are all  over each other, and you know,  I've been there. So if I can live through it, then I have more money to spend on the remodel. You guys are living there  through it. We are. Have you picked out a design  for the kitchen? Yeah, we have.  It's very modern. If I let jesse keep taking  the reins, I feel like my master bedroom  and bathroom is gonna be really modern. That's, like, my sanctuary. It's smart to kind of  bring somebody else in. It kind of softens the blow. What are you looking to spend? We have $40,000 set aside to spend on the master suite. I would love if you could come and help us put that together. -I would love to.  -I am so excited. I just feel, like, this big sense of relief right now. -It's gonna be fun.  -Okay. All right.  Well, now that I'm here, and there's so many options, want to help me shop for a flip? -Absolutely.  -All right. What's flip budget? Basically everything on these walls over here. ♪♪ -hey. How you doing?  -Hi. What do you got going today? Today, I'm driving cars fast. What kind of car? It's a little british car  called a ford capri. -Capri?  -Yeah. -Never heard of it.  -You don't know those, do you? -No.  -Yeah, it's awesome. Does it have ac?  It's hot outside. No air-conditioning, no power  steering, no audio system, no leather seats.  It's rubbish. What? [ laughs ] no. It's an epic car. -Awesome.  -Yeah. What are you up to? -You know jesse and missy?  -Yeah. They gutted the entire downstairs of their house. They're about to tackle  the master bedroom and master bathroom project, so I'm gonna go over there and hopefully work my magic. It'll be fun. Well, I'm going to  leave you to it. Have a good day. -Love you.  -Bye. Love you. ♪ yeah, get ready to run ♪ ♪♪ -hi!  -Hi! -What's up?  -How are you? -Hi. Good to see you.  -Hi, you, too. -Wow.  -Come in. "wow," is right. -Big-time construction zone.  -Yeah. You guys are living here  during this? We are. It's been rough.  I'm not going to lie. Yes, exactly. I've seen this before  when people take on a huge renovation,  and it's a lot. I've been there. If I can come in and take care  of the master suite, it'll let them continue  to focus on the downstairs. So we've been in the house, working through construction  for about three weeks. We're kind of going with more  of my modern thought process, but, of course, missy wants to do more  of the rustic stuff, so it's really, really hard. We're not arguing, but we are. That's why we're excited  to bring you in to kind of help us out with the master  bedroom and master bath. I'm excited. You could dress it up and make that a little more comfy and girly and... -Comfy and girly?  -Yeah. -Okay.  -Yeah, girly. Just giving you a hard time. We will make it so you  both love it. So you're redoing the steps? -Yes.  -Everything must go. -Exactly.  -Everything must go. Okay. Oh!  Was this the kitchen?  This is the kitchen. Okay. This is our makeshift kitchen  that we cook, clean dishes. Actually, dishes are being  currently done in the jack-and-jill bathroom. -Nice.  -Yep. So you can see right now,  we don't really have a style. And that's why we wanted you  to be here, to kind of change up everything. Okay. Master bathroom? -Classic '90s look.  -Yes. What do you like?  What don't you like? To me, the vanities  seem kind of awkward. I hate the shower. It is so small, and we've never  even stepped foot in this bathtub  in 4 1/2 years. The fact that you don't need  the tub is actually, like, a major victory, and we could do a really nice  oversized shower basically where the tub is,  and for the window, a slider and do  a really nice tile work. From there,  do a double vanity right here and then do, like, a really cool  makeup vanity over here, and I know that  you're more rustic, and you're more modern.  -Mm-hmm. And I think that you could  easily combine styles up here. -Okay.  -And then we can go from there. -Let's do it.  -Let's get started. All right, time to clear out  of the bathroom. ♪♪ ♪♪ christina: Hello? -Hi.  -Hey, christina. -Hi!  -How are you? Looks so good.  I know.  We were just saying that. We haven't really spent that much time in here, so it's huge. So I brought these  flooring options. I brought this one  for the shower pan, and I think this combination  is killer, but what do you guys think? I'm totally feeling  that gray one. I love the way  it looks together. The colors match really well.  It looks amazing. But I'm really curious to see what other selections you brought that may be a little bit more on the rustic side. Of course. ♪♪ I'm really curious to see what other selections you brought that may be a little bit more  on the rustic side. Of course. I mean, this is -- it looks like concrete. It's super modern. I do think, like, these two look  really nice together, and I feel like  this look softens it and because your shower pan  is so big, that could work  really nicely together. Do you like this combination? I do, and I'm really, really drawn to this. I just feel like -- yeah, I do like it, but I like how it kind of brightens the concrete floors up.  -Okay. So let me show you some options  for shower walls. Missy, I brought this one  for you. I think you're gonna love it. Let's just look at it  really quick. Now, that is just  plain beautiful. -I absolutely love it.  -It's starting to grow on me. -It's still modern.  -Yeah, I know. It's looking really good  on the wall. So there's the option  to carry this tile all the way around this wall and the back wall  above the vanities to give it a super modern  really unique look. -I think it's an amazing idea.  -I want to do it. That's doubling the rustic. -Good decision.  -Let's do it. Okay.  Now we can talk about cabinets. Okay. Definitely rustic. I'm just thinking maybe with  so much gray, maybe we do something  a little bit lighter. -I love that.  -Now we're talking. -More modern.  -Yes, exactly. So with that, I brought  this countertop, calacatta marble,  just to top it all off. I feel like it is the perfect  mix of rustic and modern. -I love that.  -It is so pretty. Christina: I think these materials would be a great blend of missy's rustic  and jesse's modern styles. The floor tiles and floating  vanities are modern, and the shower tiles  are a little rustic for missy. I think they're gonna love it. Your eye for this is amazing. Thank you, again. I am so excited.  Thank you. ♪♪ ♪♪ bang, bang, bang, bang,  bang, bang. -Whoa.  -[ laughs ] jeez. I need extra padding  in these things. I know.  You were fooled, huh? Here we go. Here we go.  Right. Being in a temporary rental  while starting my new business and keeping  the flipping business going is really starting  to stress me out. I try not to let that show, especially at work, so normally, I try to go for a run or take it  out at the ring in boxing. Bang, bang, bang, bang. Christina: And thankfully, ant  has been super supportive, too. He really helps me put  everything in perspective and is such a good  shoulder to lean on. -Take care.  -See you next time. [ line ringing ] -hey. How you doing?  -Hey. I just took out a little  aggression in the ring. Hey. Why don't we take  the pressure off? Why don't we go  for a little trip? A trip? I'm thinking I take you  to london. I mean, it sounds amazing, but there's just so much  going on right now. Don't talk yourself out of it. You can take a little bit  of time off, and we can just go and travel. How about we just wait,  like, a couple weeks? And then there will be  a break in the project because that'd be  a much better time. All right, I'll delay it, but I will go  and book something now before you change your mind. All right.  Sounds wonderful. -Love you.  -Love you. ♪ da, da, da, da ♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ it looks amazing.  It really has  a lot of character. -Hey, guys!  -Hi, guys. Christina: Oh, my gosh. It is so unbelievably beautiful. I couldn't have even imagined it looking this good. And imagine it going all the way  up and on that back wall, too. -It is fabulous.  -I love it. -Love it.  -I'm stoked. What do you think  about the flooring? Oh, I'm obsessed. This really looks like  real concrete. It gives it, like, a subtle, like, really cool modern element  but at the same time -- but it's still rustic  because it's --  ...It's still rustic. -I can't wait.  -All right. Well, speaking of floor, I've  brought a flooring sample --  all right. So let's talk  master bedroom floor.  Sweet. -This is real wood.  -Okay. I think it has a nice balance of different textures and tones. -What do you guys think?  -I think it's beautiful, and I would love to do a herringbone floor in here. -Yes.  -For sure. We really want to do  a natural oak in a herringbone pattern  in the master bedroom. Installing a herringbone pattern  is more expensive, but at least since they own  a flooring company, they get the flooring at cost. -How much extra would it be?  -About $2,500. I think herringbone would look  absolutely amazing. I mean, this is  our master bedroom. This is where all  the magic happens. I love the idea. Well, this is where  the magic happens. -How can you say, "no"?  -[ laughs ] let's also talk barn door. I like the barn door thought,  but it's way too rustic. We've actually fabricated some  steel barn doors in the past, but it'll introduce  a little bit of that industrial look back into it. -What do you think of that? -I think it sounds super unique. It sounds expensive, though. I'll give to you guys  at my cost for $1,000. We might as well go for it. I know everything is adding up. I do have one more idea  I just want to throw out there. What if we did a shiplap  on the back wall, kind of give it a more modern  flair and run it vertical? We can use a cost-friendly  material. -We can do it out of mdf.  -How much is that? -What are we talking?  -It'd be right at about $1,100. I think the shiplap  is a really good idea. -I like it a lot.  -I do, too. But it is our master bedroom. We'll be spending  a lot of time here. -I like your thinking.  -I love clients like you guys. -Perfect.  -Dream come true. ♪♪ ♪♪ the brave. This is a nonalcoholic shot. It's a healthy shot. It's called the brave. It has ginger, garlic, oregano, oil, turmeric, and lemon. We probably need that  with all the dust that we're inhaling right now.  -Uh-huh. -Cheers.  -Cheers. -Cheers.  -To being brave. -Whoo.  -I liked it. -That was different.  -It's so spicy. -It actually made me sweat.  -[ laughs ] are you guys excited to be  out of the house? Very much so. Well, that's why I wanted to take you guys to breakfast and just talk about  what's going on.  Yes. Everyone that walks through  our front door is like, "well, what are you doing  with your huge 20-foot wall  that goes upstairs?" yep. Well, I wasn't planning  on doing anything, but now that everyone  has pointed that out, I feel like I need  to do something on that wall. ♪♪ ♪♪ everyone that walks  through our front door is like, "well, what are you doing  with your huge 20-foot wall that goes upstairs?"  -yep. Well, I wasn't planning  on doing anything, but now that everyone  has pointed that out, I feel like I need  to do something on that wall. I actually just did a job, and there's a ton of extra  material, but it's brick. I would give it to you  for free. -Brick?  -It's rustic. Kind of almost feel, like,  lofty, which is modern. Yep. Why don't I bring  some samples over? We can put it up on the wall, see what it looks like and then go from there.  Cool. Okay.  One more thing to check off  my list of worries. Yes. Sorry. You guys probably haven't eaten,  like, all day because you have no kitchen.  -[ laughs ] ♪ together, we are strong ♪ ♪♪ ant: Just pack light. -Light?  -You're not taking that. -Yes, I am.  -We're gone for six days. We're not moving in. I'm a girl, which means I like  to pack a lot of stuff. Like, I feel like all girls  overpack. What's the temperature  gonna be? Well, it's England,  so it's likely to rain. Plus, I have a little  surprise for you because we're not  just going to England. Where are we going? I'm not telling you, or else  it wouldn't be a surprise. Okay, but -- okay. Do I need, like, a nice dress? Yeah, you'll need a nice dress  for the evening. Okay. So I need a nice dress.  I need warm stuff. I need cold stuff, and you want me to pack light. You're not honestly  taking that whole suitcase. Oh, my gosh. What? I could put my bag  in your bag five times. Are you gonna have extra room in your bag? Yes.  In fact, I'm nearly done. Perfect, because  I'm gonna need it.  [ laughs ] ♪♪ -I brought the brick.  -Awesome. ♪♪ it's definitely rustic. Some of it's a little bit  broken, jagged. -It's used.  -I love it. You can have the material.  I have it in a warehouse. It's all yours,  yours for free. -Awesome.  -This is a big wall, though. -What is it, 20-foot ceilings?  -Yeah. For labor and installation, you're probably looking  at about an extra $5,000. Whoa. Okay. When it comes down to it,  I want her to be happy. -You want to do it?  -Let's do it. -Let's do it.  -Okay. I will have the material brought  over and let ross know.  Perfect. ♪♪ ♪♪ I can't wait to see it. Oh. As a family of three living  through a whole house remodel all crammed  into one space, that's really tough,  so it's important that I keep jesse and missy  focused and excited about how amazing their master  suite is gonna look. Missy: Doesn't it feel  so much bigger in here? Christina: It feels magical,  but my favorite part is definitely carrying  the tile all the way through. It looks amazing,  and the floating vanities, you can tell just how cool  they're gonna look. -Let's talk about the bedroom.  -Love, love, love the master. The floors have become  my absolute favorite thing in the house.  -It's so pretty. How do you feel about  floating nightstands that tie in  with the floating vanities? I think I could dig that. I think that would look  really cool. There's just something that's really bugging me. -It's this wall.  -Don't like it? I mean, the shiplap,  it looks cool, but it's looking  very farmhousey. I think there's definitely  something that we can do it to carry it to a little more  of a modern rustic element. Yeah. And I think it could be  as simple as painting it. It'll definitely feel a lot  more modern with a dark wall, and then with  the floating nightstands, that'll tie in a modern element,  and then don't forget, we have that really  cool metal barn door, which will also incorporate  a much more modern element. Now you're talking to me. That would be perfect. All right.  Rustic-modern. We're back. ♪♪ ♪♪ -how are you?  -Good. You? I'm good.  When are the floors going in? They're starting today. They'll be going  in this weekend. Oh, nice.  Well, that's a huge step. The goal is move back in the next couple of weeks. -Yeah, couple weeks?  -Yeah. ♪♪ christina:  You're so close. Jesse: The goal is to move back in the next couple of weeks. Cabinets look great,  and the counters look absolutely beautiful. I like how this is kind of, like, teak and natural, and then the marble countertops  are timeless, and then this is just so super modern and cool. It really is rustic-modern. I absolutely love it. I mean, it's at the finish line. It's just crazy push  to get everything done. -Two weeks?  -That's the goal. It's going to happen. ♪ let's go ♪ christina:  Jesse and missy have been totally involved  with the transformation, but I'm keeping them away  right now because I want  to surprise them with decor that's totally going to fit  with this rustic-modern style. Look what I got. Ooh. So cute. And then you like to tuck them in or leave it hang? No, let's tuck it. -More pop of color in here --  -yeah. I think they're  gonna love it. -What's up?  -It looks so good. -How are you?  -Oh, my gosh. I'm, oh, amazing. After living in one bedroom for  months, today is the big day. I can't wait for them  to see the master suite I designed, but first,  I have to give jesse and missy props for the design  they did on the ground floor. They did a beautiful job. -I seriously --  -oh. ...Every time I walk in, I just can't get enough. When you walk in here,  it looks like a new york loft. -It's a sexy house.  -Thank you. I like the fact that you guys  did the waterfall countertop with the black cabinets. The bricks look amazing. It all carries together  so nicely. -It has so much character to it.  -It really looks awesome. Christina:  The attention to detail that you guys did  is beyond amazing. I mean, I can stare  at this all day. But are you guys ready  to go upstairs? -Yes.  -Let's do it. Okay. -Oh, my god.  -Wow. This is unbelievable. I'm so glad you guys went  with herringbone. -It looks perfect.  -Yep. So just like downstairs, there's so many  different elements in here, but it's just the way  that everything ties together. It's that whole industrial  modern, rustic-chic look. -It's so beautiful.  -I love everything. The black just looks, like,  super cool and modern. -So much to take in right now.  -I know. I still can't even believe  this is where I get to sleep  every single night. Oh, what about this? I've never seen anything  like it. Ross knocked it out of  the park on that one. It's such a different element. -I'm stoked.  -I am so stoked. I could've never put this  together like this, ever. You killed it. The decor really blended in  with that space to make it look way beyond what we were expecting. I love this door. -My god.  -Wow. This is insane, christina. It feels like a spa. It just all ties together  so nicely. It's so unique.  It's just beautiful. And I swear our bathroom feels  twice as big as it did before. Literally, I've never in my life had a spot where I can actually sit down and get ready. You have your space there,  or you have the double sink. You have tons of countertop.  You have a huge shower. Like, there's just  a ton of space. -Look at how big this thing is.  -I know. It's crazy. So I know we were really trying  to achieve the rustic-modern style,  and I think we definitely did. Everything came  together so well. I don't even know what to say. I think it was worth  every single penny. ♪♪ the overall outcome  was amazing. This is something we're going to love for years to come. Thank you.  Thank you so much. Thank you so much,  christina. -I really, really appreciate it.  -Thank you. Being able to help my friends  with a home remodel has been  an amazing experience. I know they'll love  their new master suite, and it's really  brought us closer together. ♪ oh, oh, oh, oh ♪ ♪ all the world is my stage ♪ ant:  How heavy is your bag? -Heavy.  -Oh, my god. Christina: This me and ant's  first big trip together. I'm just thinking that  we're going to london, but then he surprises me  and tells me we are headed  to ireland to a castle. We did all this random stuff  like horseback riding and high tea,  bow-and-arrow shooting. Ant: If you hit the yellow,  I'll do a dare. In the lake? No pressure. -Good?  -Right. -Oh, yeah!  -You did it. -Whoo!  -[ laughs ] oh, yeah. Whoo! I knew I was gonna hit that target, aimed it and bull's-eye. In the lake, you go. ♪♪ [ gasps ] cold? Good times. Ant is like a big kid, and life feels so much  more positive with him in it. He really helps ground me. ♪ whoa, oh, oh, oh ♪ announcer: And now,  an hgtv exclusive sneak peek. Christina: On season 2 of  "christina on the coast"... Life has been crazy busy. I have a ton of flips going on. I'm in the middle of reno  with a few design clients. -Hi, boys!  -Both: Hey! -Thank you for coming.  -You! Hi, good to see you! Christina: I'm sure there's  things that you want to change. Want to change?  There's things she's changed. -Oh!  -We have fish tanks. I love fish tanks. -That's, uh, beef.  -You know all their names? You know, you're kinda complaining about the fish tank, but, um, you seem more into it  than michelle. Yes, yeah. ♪ this is just the start ♪ what was it like working  with christina? What do you mean how --  it's amazing working with me! Am I ever moody? I am not in a chance  answering that question. Christina:  All right, you guys ready? -Yes!  -Oh, my gosh! -Welcome home, pandos!  -Both: Wow! This is one of the most  unique homes I've ever done. The fish tank -- have you  come up with any names yet? I'm thinkin' that yellow one  right there... -Oooh.  -...Is christina. [ laughs ]  thank you! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 