Christina on the Coast: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Christina on the Coast 
 s1e3 - A Colorful Kitchen Makeover - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Christina on the Coast (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - A Colorful Kitchen Makeover - full transcript 
 A couple's dated master suite is very outdated and desperately need of a makeover. Christina rolls up her sleeves and turns the rundown room into a chic and functional space. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  I'm christina. You may know me  from flipping houses. Every time I walk in,  I just can't get enough. -It's a sexy house.  -Yeah. That is just plain beautiful. But there's a lot more sides  to me than that. I'm a mother of two  with a new business venture... We're embarrassed of this area.  Okay. We're going to  change that. ...A new man...  It's perfect. Whew.  ...And a new point of view. We need help. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We will make it  so you both love it. I'm helping people create  beautiful new spaces to spend time  with their families... This is incredible. It's beautiful. Woman: [ gasps ]  I love this. Christina: ...And branching out  into some new spaces of my own. It's time that we're going  to sell the house. I can imagine  being in the kitchen and checking out the view. -Very zen.  -I know. Hello, bali. ♪ this is just the start ♪ christina:  There's something wonderful about reinventing  someone's world. -Oh, my god.  -Wow. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Christina, I love you.  This is amazing. -Thank you so much.  -You're welcome. ♪ we've just begun ♪ christina: And so far,  I'm loving the ride. ♪♪ [ phone line rings ] -hello?  -Hey, izzy. How's it going? -Hey. What's happening?  -I'm super excited. I just got a new project  to work on. Yeah. Yeah.  Let's hear it. So I'm headed to meet sam  and hana lee, and I saw pictures of what  they're currently working with. Their whole house has been  redone except the kitchen, and it's straight  out of the '70s. It's like someone did this  weird paint job to the cabinets and counters, and it just needs a lot of help. So I wanted to find out  what your availability is like. Later in the week, I'm good.  Okay, perfect. I'll keep in touch with you,  and then we can make a plan. It's definitely going to be  a good project. Sounds good. Yeah. Let's do it.  Can't wait. [ phone beeps ]  ♪ tearing down walls ♪ ♪ and I'm breaking through ♪ ♪ oh ♪ ♪ what, what, what, what ♪ hi. Hey, christina.  How are you? How are you? Good to see you again.  Good to see you. Good to see you again. Oh. I get to see reagan. Reagan, say, "hi, christina." -hi.  -"hi, christina." -hi.  -Oh. Look at you in a good mood. Are you excited to go  with grandma? Guess what?  [ gasps ] are you ready to get  a new kitchen? "yeah."  you want a new kitchen? Yeah! There's my baby girl,  big old smile. -All right. You ready?  -Okay. -Have fun with grandma.  -Bye, grandma. -Say, "bye."  -both: Bye. Hana: Bye, reagan.  [ door closes ] all right. You guys excited?  Yes. Yes, we are. Okay, so we have  a very similar style. I love the gray flooring  and the gray walls, and I love how you have, like,  a really chic look going. -Thank you.  -Yes. It is so cute, and then  it just leads right into -- dun, dun, dun. It's a disaster. I know. Yeah,  it's not our favorite room. The salmon on the brown,  I just -- I'm not really sure  what look the previous owner was going with.  Mm-hmm. You know, we moved in  about 6 months ago, and my wife was pregnant, and by the time we got to the kitchen, we just ran out of time, and the baby was born, and we just didn't know what to do with the kitchen. Yeah.  Right, makes total sense. And it is really good timing  that we met. -Yes.  -Yes. Thank you. Regarding this door... It rattles every time  we open. [ door scrapes ]  yes. So it wakes up the baby? Yeah, and when you close it, it gets even louder, so... [ scrapes loudly ] yes. There it is. How do you guys open  and close this? [ hana laughs ] yeah. It gets -- [ grinding ] yeah. There it goes. It almost sounds  like a lawn mower. -Okay.  -So not baby-friendly, exactly. No matter what,  the door has to go.  Both: Yes. So describe for me, like,  how you utilize the space, so I can kind of envision  what the best plan would be. Well, I'm usually  about right here, and I'm looking at the tv while I'm having  my morning breakfast. -Got it.  -Goes on -- we live here. Like, this is a lot of family time spent right here. -Okay.  -We love to host parties, and so we'll keep  our guests over there, and then if they ask  for another drink, I'll usually volunteer  to rush over here, grab a couple drinks  and rush back 'cause we're embarrassed and super shameful of this area. Okay.  We're going to change that. My suggestion is to bring  the kitchen out maybe to about  right here, and then over here,  this whole back wall, basically a pantry, and put  a nice cabinet right here. Center this, and then do  the uppers right here, cool? -Yeah.  -So we plan to keep this. No.  Just kidding. This is actually  nonfunctioning. It's just for looks.  The oven doesn't work. This is the original from  the '60s, I believe, right?  Yeah. Wow.  From the original owner. That's why it doesn't work.  Yes. If we could possibly get  a gas stove in here, I think that would kind of  just be the cherry on top of everything.  Yeah. Okay, so I think the reason  it is electric is because  there's no gas line. Izzy, my contractor, will definitely get you  a bid on that, and then you guys  can decide from there. Okay.  Awesome. The lees have $38,000  to spend on this project, and if nothing big comes up, I think we can  get it done for that. So izzy and his crew will be  here bright and early Monday, and we're going to  demo this baby out.  Yes! Nice. I'll help.  [ laughs ] ♪ la, la, la, la, la, la ♪ ♪ la, la, la, la, la ♪ so there's certain things that I'm going to be loading up at the same time that I'm going to take to my rental.  Okay. I never thought that when  I listed the house that it would sell  this quickly. It listed and sold  in just one week. I'll be putting everything  in the car while you guys  package up the rest. -Okay.  -Thank you. ♪♪ and while I'm super excited  to just close this chapter of my life after the divorce,  it's also bittersweet. There are just so many memories  wrapped up in it. You want to sit down  with your teacup? You want to sit  in the big chair? [ speaking indistinctly ] brayden was born in this home. It's really the only house that taylor knows and remembers. I know that it's going to be  really hard on taylor to move as well. There's been a lot of change  for her over the past couple years. So I'm going to pack  really sentimental things like photographs and some of her favorite cards  and favorite books just to make it feel  as much like home as possible. ♪♪ mm. Can't forget the night-light. Mm, I love this room. ♪♪ so the movers came over and got  everything out of the house, and that was hard to watch, but now everything  is going in storage. Taylor wanted to go back  the next day and say bye to the house, so I had to walk her  into a completely empty house. She did cry, and it was  heartbreaking for me as a mom  to watch her go through it. So while it is going to be an  amazing fresh start for us all, it's also very emotional. ♪♪ because I haven't found  the right home to buy, I'm doing a short-term rental. It's a small three-bed, two-bath, but it's by the beach, and it's going to be fine  for the short-term while I look for a place. Hopefully, we won't be there  too long. ♪ I smile ♪ ♪ that's what I do ♪ ♪ that's what I do ♪ ♪ can't steal my happiness ♪ ♪ can't steal my happiness ♪ ♪ can't steal my happiness ♪ ♪ oh, oh, oh ♪ oh --  yeah. Oh, my god! ♪♪ I'm just going to wait  over here. Ugh!  [ laughs ] ♪♪ buh-bye. ♪♪ -hi, boys.  -Hey. How's it going, chrissy?  Wow. -Hey.  -Hey, christina. It looks so much bigger here already. -Yeah.  -All right. So what is the news  on the gas stove? So in order to get that line,  which is totally on the other side of the house,  I've got to break out walls. I've got to break open  ceilings, got to run it all  through here, and then on top of that, I've got to put it  all back together, but you won't see  the gas line, and that's going to hit  your wallet for about $4,200. [ sighs ] ♪ la, la, la, la ♪ ♪ look at me now ♪ all right. So what's the news  on the gas stove? To bring it in  through the wall and through the ceiling,  it's a total nightmare. You're looking at  about $4,200. [ sighs ]  is there any other way? There is another solution --  running it through the outside, bring it underneath  the patio cover, and then shooting it  straight through that wall. It's not going to look as clean  as the first option. How much is that option?  $1,700. -I don't know.  -What do you think? We can paint it, right, so it matches the house? Definitely. I think honestly, it's just  going to disappear. You're going to have your gas stove, and for $1,700, I think that's the best way to go. -Sam: I agree.  -Let's do it, izzy. Done.  Got your gas stove. Hana: Thanks, izzy.  It's a big day. Sure.  Yes. It's a victory. I'm excited for you guys.  ♪ hey ♪ ♪♪ ♪ hey ♪ ♪♪ ♪ hey ♪ christina:  You guys are actually living  in a full-on construction zone. I remember these days.  [ laughter ] yeah. It's a little like world war iii, but it's okay. Yes. I remember the days  of the zip and keep the debris out.  [ laughs ] it'll be over soon. Oh, wow.  Looking good. I see the vision.  Yes. Okay, so I pulled some samples  I think you're going to love, and I'm super excited  to show you.  Yay! -White shaker cabinet.  -I'm already in love with it. It's really going to brighten  up the space. Yes! And to go with  the white cabinet -- white quartz counters. [ hana gasps ] it already looks like  our dream kitchen. Perfect. Backsplash -- I know that  you love a white subway. I hear a "but" coming. But I'm thinking, why don't we add  a little color? -Okay.  -Can you roll with...Navy? Oh, my word.  That's pretty blue. The color makes me a little uncomfortable just because the house  is so...Neutral. I think with this house  and your decor, you can add small pops of navy in,  like, throw pillows, blankets, and it's really going to make it  feel very farmhouse chic, and I think it could be amazing to carry the backsplash  up around the window to really frame it out  and look like a work of art. My only thing is, I just want it to look like that modern farmhouse look. Okay, so I have an idea.  We can go shopping. We'll explore a bunch  of different options. Yeah.  Let's do it. I mean, that's why we have her  here, get her expert opinion. It doesn't hurt to look.  Yeah. Come on. It doesn't hurt to look.  All right. ♪ are you ready ♪  ♪ hey ♪ ♪ are you ready ♪  ♪ hey ♪ ♪ are you ready for this? ♪ ♪ bring it, bring it,  bring it on ♪ ♪ are you ready for this? ♪ ♪♪ [ doorbell rings ] hi. Hi. Hi, kashi. Hi, baby. Hi. -Home sweet home.  -This is so cute. Yeah, it is cute. Oh, my god. I love it. Do you like it?  Yep. It works. I'm just a little stressed  moving in, but... -Hi.  -No, it is cute. -I miss you.  -I miss you too. All right.  Welcome to my room.  Come in. I feel like I kind of know why it became available. Why? Because they're rebuilding the house right there. But, I mean, the location is,  like, so amazing. I wouldn't even have thought  about that. Because it's a short-term  rental, like, all of the owner's stuff is still in the closets, and, you know, none of this stuff's mine, so -- like, look how much  shoes I have. I know. I mean, what do I do? Do I leave them in a box? Do I unpack them? Do you really want to unpack  and repack everything? Mostly, I just want to find the other one of this. This is what I want  to wear today. Oh, my god.  It's right here. -Oh...  [ both laugh ] stupid. So have you found anywhere that you're, like,  interested in? Like, it is price shock. You know, I came from  a big house on a big property, and here, I'm looking  at smaller houses on way smaller properties  for twice the price. -Yeah.  -It's a whole 'nother world. There's, like, so many cute houses. Want to start looking with me? Are you kidding? I love house-hunting. I'm going to take the kids  to the beach later. In the meantime, want to  help me put some away? Yes. I will. ♪ if you want it,  come and get it ♪ ♪ if you want it,  come and get it ♪ ♪♪ christina: All right. We're getting put back together. -Hana: Yes.  -What do you guys think? Hana: It looks so good so far. So the kitchen  is coming along. It's looking absolutely  beautiful, but I think you guys can agree  that the fireplace, it's just  totally an eyesore now. Yeah. It's not our favorite  part of the house. Okay, so I want  to whitewash the brick. -Sounds good.  -Sounds good. There's no right or wrong, just whatever feels good  to you guys. Just put it on. This is kind of therapeutic. I actually really  enjoy painting. ♪♪ this is such a big improvement  from just, like, the old red bricks.  Cool. Once we get a couple more  coats on this, it's going to look amazing. Yeah. That sounds good. I'm glad you're happy.  I love it. Awesome. ♪ hey ♪ ♪♪ ♪ hey ♪ ♪♪ ♪ hey ♪ so let's pick a backsplash that really makes  that kitchen pop. Why don't you guys  start over here? I'll go that way.  Sounds good. It's overwhelming.  You got this. I actually like that style. -The herringbone?  -Yeah. When I'm picking tile  for a flip, it's so much easier because we're designing  for the masses, and there's no one telling us that we like it  or don't like it. Sam: But I think that's more  like a bathroom. That's more like no. Christina:  Designing for a client, you really have to pay attention to what their style is. You have multiple influences  involved. It's a whole different  ball game. All right, christina.  I know this is really bold. But at least, like,  it's a statement. I really like it. The only thing is that it could feel a little vintage when you do it very black-and-white.  Mm-hmm. But...  Okay. So I went with a blue. Look. We're sort of matching.  See? Look at that. Oh! Well, you're winning so far.  I know. See? This was a competition.  [ laughter ] so how did we do? I did say that I want to see some color in the kitchen, so I chose a wild card, but I don't know how you're going to feel about it, but... I'm really excited  about this one. Let's take a look. ♪♪ ♪♪ so I chose a wild card. It's not my favorite.  [ laughs ]  yeah. You don't like this? It's not the style  we're going for. I was just kidding.  Okay. Thank god.  Oh, my gosh. But I really do have a wild card. It's bold. However, it has a very modern farmhouse look. I think it's geometric, which makes it  a little bit more modern, but at the same time,  it's distressed. I like it.  I can see it. I like it a lot. So you're looking  at around $600. I don't know. It just gives it  that, like, special pop. Yeah.  I do want something unique. In the long run, I think  it's a good investment. It's going to look nice,  I think. I'm so glad.  [ laughs ] all right. Perfect.  Let's do it. I will let them know, and we'll ring it up. Ah.  [ laughter ] ♪ I'll take you somewhere  over the rainbow ♪ ♪♪ -the grand entrance.  -I know. Ooh. -Wow.  -Wow. -So zen.  -Very zen. Shannon and I are checking out  a place in corona del mar. The schools are amazing, and  the neighborhood is beautiful. I'm just really hoping that  this might be the house for me and the kids because I just hate  the feeling of being unsettled, and we're just so ready  to have a home. If you have any questions,  just let me know. Thank you. Wow. I can feel the ocean breeze.  Oh, my gosh. Welcome.  I know. ♪ ah! ♪ the view is amazing.  Wow. The fireplace is very unique. I do see something that I love, and when you see it, you'll know it's me. What? Oh, the crystals!  [ both laugh ] ♪ ah! ♪ I really love the energy. Well, that's one part of the  house that was made for you. I know.  At least it has energy already. Oh, my gosh.  The kitchen's huge. Yeah. Wow. It is.  The cabinets are interesting. Let's go look at this side  of the house. Oh. Oh, my gosh. [ gasps ] hello...  Oh, wow. Very zen. I know. Hello, bali, right?  I know. While I like the vibe,  it's not a very good layout. Not only that, but, like, taylor and brayden  shower in my shower... [ laughs ] oh, my god. Yeah. It will be a mess. I mean, this whole thing  would be covered in water. Yeah.  Like -- yeah, not good. It's pretty, though. Here's the bedroom over here.  Did you see this? I think this might  be the master. Ah. Ah.  No big deal. I could definitely get used  to waking up to that. The only thing is --  that in the front yard -- that's all you get.  You're paying for the ocean. I don't think the kids care about the view as much as we do. ♪♪ it's so peaceful.  I will say this -- -when I'm older and retired...  -Yes. -...This will be my view.  -Yes, definitely. So serene,  so, like, peaceful. This house is nice, but it's definitely not the house for us. I don't want to get discouraged, so I'm just going  to keep on looking. All right. Well... Yeah. We tried. Bye, house.  Yeah. ♪ aim high, dream big ♪ ♪ we got to make it  top of the world ♪ ♪ this is our empire ♪ christina: [ gasps ]  what do you guys think? Do you love it? Hana: I'm in love. It was kind of hard  to imagine before, but now that it's on the wall,  it's nice. It is so pretty. You know what makes  a big difference? The slider. It looks like  a different house. I feel like it's so light  in here. Yeah.  I also think that we can  add a pendant light. I think that will just look  a lot better in this space and also more your style.  I'm in love. And I feel like these are going  to make a big difference. Do you want to help me  put them on?  Hana: Yeah. There it goes.  All right. Hana: Oh, I love it. Maybe we could put, like,  a light stain on it... Yeah.  ...To just darken it  a little bit. So cute.  I like it. Some let's talk pull handles  and fixtures. Yay!  Okay. Most people go  with the brushed nickel. This is something that I would probably choose. Or we have the brushed brass. Hana: That's so beautiful,  so much better than this. Okay. I get it.  I get it. Yeah. I get it. I get it.  Yeah! [ laughter ] I love it! And to go with it -- brushed-brass faucet. -Look how beautiful it looks.  -Yeah. Oh! It looks really nice. It's totally that modern  farmhouse style. I think it looks  absolutely beautiful. This totally is my jam  right here, yes.  Magical. ♪ oh, oh ♪ ♪ oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪ ♪ oh, oh ♪ ♪ oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪ ♪♪ nice work, guys.  Thanks. What do you think? Yeah, I'm not a big fan  right now. What is throwing you off? I think the height's  a little low. It's definitely right  at eye level. It looks kind of weird  being bunched up. I don't think it goes  with the kitchen. ♪♪ christina:  What do you think? I don't think it goes  with the kitchen. Yeah. Hmm. I agree. Doesn't quite look  like the picture, and I didn't know  it was this color brown.  Sam: Yeah. What do you like  and not like about this? I don't like  the bunched-up-ness. I really like that  edison-style bulb, but I think it matches with our theme of the kitchen. Okay.  No problem. We will take it down, and I will  send you guys some photos, and we will get  a new one up. Bye-bye, light.  Sam: Awesome. -Thank you.  -Awesome. I'll take it down. ♪♪ I'm so excited that  it's reveal day for sam and hana's kitchen. I can't wait for them to see  the house all put together. I think they're going  to love it. All right.  You ready? Oh, my gosh! Whose kitchen is this? This doesn't even feel  like our home.  Oh, my gosh. ♪♪ ♪ oh, oh ♪ ♪ oh, oh ♪ oh, my goodness.  It looks really good. It looks so amazing! The entire space looks bigger.  It's amazing. It's come a long way from brown  faux finish and salmon. I don't even want to think  about those days. I know we had issues  with the light... [ hana laughs ] ...But at the end, I think  it turned out so cute. It adds a little  dramatic flair, and it just looks awesome.  Yeah. This one is way better, and the open shelving is perfect. Yeah. I agree. I can't keep my eyes  off the backsplash. I absolutely love it. And I like the fact that we have  an appliance from this decade. With your designer's eye, it really all came together. With all the combinations  that we did here, it works perfectly. And how fabulous  does the family room look? Hana: I know. I love  it ties in so seamlessly, which is what we kind of  were going for. It actually feels even  brighter in a way.  Mm-hmm. ♪♪ I just can't believe  that this is our kitchen. Christina: I'm glad you guys  love everything. I have a surprise for you, so if you don't mind, I'm going to have you  stand right here. I'll be right back. What's the surprise?!  [ both laugh ] surprise.  Aw! Oh, my gosh!  [ laughs ] that is so cute.  Christina, thank you. That is so thoughtful of you. Oh.  [ sam laughs ] it is so cute. Oh, my gosh.  I'm gonna cry!  [ laughs ] I don't want to cry! Thank you for just bringing  the kitchen together and for this  beautiful gift. I think it could not have  turned out better, and I'm just so happy  you guys are happy, and it's officially time to give you back your home. What?! You guys can get settled. I hope you have some amazing parties here and create  awesome memories. Christina: I'm so excited that  the lees' house is finished, and they love it, and they're  so excited to entertain now and not be embarrassed  about their outdated kitchen. I still can't believe  this is our kitchen...  Yeah. ...That we're going  to come home, we're actually going  to use this. Hana: I mean, it was just  so sweet of her. [ laughter ] christina: This is a new start  for hana, sam, and their baby, reagan. As for me, I have just  8 more weeks in my rental, so the clock is ticking  on the house-hunt. Woman: ♪ hey ♪ announcer: And now,  an hgtv exclusive sneak peek. Christina: On season 2 of  "christina on the coast"... Life has been crazy busy. I have a ton of flips going on. I'm in the middle of reno  with a few design clients. -Hi, boys!  -Both: Hey! -Thank you for coming.  -You! Hi, good to see you! Christina: I'm sure there's  things that you want to change. Want to change?  There's things she's changed. -Oh!  -We have fish tanks. I love fish tanks. -That's, uh, beef.  -You know all their names? You know, you're kinda complaining about the fish tank, but, um, you seem more into it  than michelle. Yes, yeah. ♪ this is just the start ♪ what was it like working  with christina? What do you mean how --  it's amazing working with me! Am I ever moody? I am not in a chance  answering that question. Christina:  All right, you guys ready? -Yes!  -Oh, my gosh! -Welcome home, pandos!  -Both: Wow! This is one of the most  unique homes I've ever done. The fish tank -- have you  come up with any names yet? I'm thinkin' that yellow one  right there... -Oooh.  -...Is christina. [ laughs ]  thank you! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 