The Hour: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Hour 
 s2e3 - Episode #2.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Hour (2011–2012): Season 2, Episode 3 - Episode #2.3 - full transcript 
 Freddie takes Camille to El Paradis but Kiki is not there and noone seems to know her whereabouts. Some nights later he returns alone and,although he is ejected,he spots Kiki and follows her home to an opulent flat. Whilst she will not speak to him he suspects that Stern is keeping her. He also finds out that the flat is owned by Pike,his own landlord who is driving out sitting tenants in order to bring in immigrants and charge exorbitant rents. Freddie realises that Cilente,the shady owner of El Paradis,has Stern in his pocket and tries to convince Hector. Whilst Hector finds it hard to think badly of an old friend he chairs a discussion on the government's failure to decriminalize homosexuality. Stern is speaking against its legitimacy and Hector uses the opportunity to claim that he believes the police force is condoning heterosexual vice. At the office party Hector and Marnie put up a show but Bel ends up kissing Bill. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hector's been arrested and accused of beating a girl. You wouldn't believe what some of these men get up to. I didn't bloody do it, Laurie! Why is this woman lying?! What did she do to get beaten like that? Maybe just that. Swear to me you will never do that to me again. You're telephoning to flaunt your sad attempts to poach my staff. Mr Madden is the best out there. You'll ruin his career. I thought Hector was a friend of yours. I will say whatever is needed to preserve my position. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 From now on, what you do with your time is of no interest to me and what I do is nothing to do with you. You don't love me. What? You love your stupid Hour! I wish you'd told me. Married? And what would you have done? Never underestimate how much I know about your business practices. Are you trying to blackmail me? When it is you asking me to look after your whore. When Hector enquired how well I knew Mr Brown I said, "Not at all." Please don't make me lie to you as well. Dove or a swan? Who did it? JAZZ MUSIC PLAYS 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Mr Lyon, what a wonderful surprise! Mr Cilenti. We are honoured that you join us tonight. Seems we're in good company. I've seen four cabinet ministers and Tommy Trinder and it's barely ten o'clock. Vous etes tres belle. Qu'est-ce que vous faites avec lui? Je suis sa femme. How did you know I was French? Two things define the greatness of a country. The beauty of their women, the taste of their wine. Are you meeting someone? No. Simply curious. Enjoy your evening. My regards to Miss Rowley and to Mr Madden. He's normally in by now. He never learns. You like oysters? I'll send some over. We have a new chef. Also French. Charmante demoiselle. Stop flirting. Impossible. Save me a glass. RADIO: '..is the outstanding issue of 1958, 'what to do about the hydrogen bomb? 'Can the nations effectively ban all nuclear weapons, 'or must we hopelessly rush towards destruction 'crying out that the East/West arms race must go on? 'For, make no mistake, Great Britain is in the biggest danger of all. 'Our cities wide open. 'My legislators hope that, in the world peace efforts, 'something will turn up. 'Slowly, ordinary people are realising that with bomber bases 'crowding this island, Britain is nuclear target number one.' Excuse me. You don't know me but I think you may have met my colleague? Miss Rowley? From The Hour? This is probably not the best place to talk. Miss Delaine. I don't see her here tonight. I was actually hoping to speak to her if I may. She's not in tonight. Might she be in tomorrow? Miss Delaine has been very badly hurt. Does that not concern you? What of Mr Cilenti, do you know what he thinks about the attack? None of my business. I'm going to offer you a light. I'm sorry, sir. I'm not on tonight, but I'm sure one of the girls can help you out. I'm trying to find out more about the man you work for. You know how to find me if you change your mind. Mashed. Mmm. Roast for Sundays and Christmas, chipped for schools and prisons, mashed for every day. Potatoes, parsley, butter and, um, nail varnish. Pearl swirl. Yes, it gives a nice sheen over the top. This is television, Alistair, not the village fete. It doesn't matter what goes in, it's how it looks under the lights. Yes. Oh, Alistair, you wicked man! No, I will tell! MARNIE LAUGHS Oh, police report. Miss Delaine's accusations against Hector. How did you get hold of this? Feminine guile. Five bob and a pint. Well? No-one's seen her. She wasn't at the club last night. Then, where the hell has she gone? Why would she do this? Page three, paragraph seven. I've marked it. "You wouldn't believe what some of these important men "get up to in their private time, "not caring about the consequences". It sounds like a threat. It certainly backfired, no-one at the club wants to talk about her but I did speak to... The dark girl. Yes. She declined a conversation but took my card. Camille fared better. A bottle of champagne and several oysters and she discovered that the cocktail waitress was from Lyon. In fact, the girls seem to be largely French or Spanish. If you want a set of artistic shots taken, then Mr Hawtree is your man. Did she get a number? And an address. She is good. Ten minutes, ladies and gentlemen, editorial conference in ten minutes. Good morning, Mr Madden. What news from Washington about the terms? The terms, Barnaby. Yeah, the terms. Bad line? The line is fine, it's the stringer. He's deaf as a post. Had a chunk out of his head at El Alamein. Another bottle over there. Thanks. I'll replace it. Don't encourage him. He hardly needs encouragement. Yes, Macmillan might well be saying that this is all to prevent a war but we're putting our defence eggs in the nuclear basket. One is left feeling rather nervous. Whatever happened to good old-fashioned war? Barnaby McDonald? Barnaby, what I...Barnaby? Damn. He's gone. Unchanged, unhinged, and concerned about the agreement to house American weapons here. If MacMillan is biting Eisenhower's hand off somewhere above the elbow, the rest is surely not far behind. We may yet find ourselves grateful. Grateful for what? War. It narrows the aperture, insists on focus. We dwell on things we cannot bear to leave undone. Ah, will you be partaking of the mince pies and jollity this evening, Miss Storm? No, Mr Brown, bah, humbug is more my style, although the children are very sweet. Indeed. Do you think Tommy Steele will be there? Tommy Steele? No. No, I imagine the calibre will be more the Secretary of State for Coal and Steel, but in either case I promise to report in full. Oh, Sissy, does Sey know anyone who needs a flat to rent? The Goldmans have given notice. No. Why? They say they want a garden but really they're fed up with having their window boxes smashed. It's quite clear what Mr Pike is up to. Driving out sitting tenants through intimidation so he can move in immigrants and charge them whatever he likes because he knows they've got nowhere else to go. One way to build a ghetto! Right, everyone. End of term meeting, let's get on. Running order. To lead, the Wolfenden Report, or the Vice Report, as the popular press are now calling it, had its first debate in Parliament last week. Mr Wengrow? The Committee's major recommendation that "homosexual acts between consensual adults in private should no longer be a criminal offence..." Oh, darling, you shouldn't have. "..it was rejected by the Government with scarcely even a discussion." After three years of deliberation by the Committee, the Government simply shut down the matter in one afternoon. Adultery, fornication, lesbianism... ..all are considered sins but not crimes. Male homosexuality, on the other hand is considered both a sin and a crime and will continue to be prosecuted. As discussed, it falls to us to ask why. No Home Secretary wants to go down in history as the man who legalised buggery. Contributors? No, no-one. There must be someone. You won't find anyone from the Government coming out in defence. An actual homosexual on The Hour, that would be novel. We broke new ground with the fascist. 200 letters of complaint on that alone. So? Let's do it. My interview? Let's decide when we have a contributor, shall we, Mr Madden? Good, great. Er, anything else? Yes. I'd like to talk... Er, well. No. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Run through is tomorrow at three. Hello. I wasn't going to come. Erm, shut the door, Freddie. I've not come to talk. I've not... You're all right here. I'm only here for Miss Delaine. I haven't heard from her for a week. Cleared everything from the flat, dressing room, scraped off all her make-up and... Have you been to the police? You don't know anything. Happens all the time. We had a girl from... Didn't speak a lot of English. Drank too much, made a scene in front of the guests one too many times, and... KNOCK AT DOOR Erm, sorry. That was it, gone. We're all dispensable and we all stay silent. Excuse me. Brilliant. Thanks, Hector(!) What are you doing? How the hell did you get this? We all pay for information at some point in our careers. She was going to talk. Marvellous. Of course, the testimony of a showgirl, always bona fide. Miss Delaine is missing. Look, can't you just leave well alone? Aren't you even curious to know why she did what she did to you? Oh, for God's sake. This is your idea, isn't it? You've spurred her on. And now you're pulling Kiki's friends in? Well, as a friend, she certainly seemed worried for Miss Delaine. Convenient, she's out of the way? Well, she's hardly good for business, is she? I get the sense the management of El Paradis feel the same. Mr Cilenti is a businessman, so don't let your imaginations carry you away. She'll be fine. If she's got any sense at all, after the lies she told, she'll go home to her family and her parents. As far as I can tell, she doesn't have a home, just the club and her flat. I was hoping to draw a line under all this for the sake of my professional life, to say nothing of my marriage. Hector. What she did to you was appalling but, please, this is simply not a story we can afford to put down. This is not a story! Certainly not for The Hour. Not yet. But it might be. A vice business left to flourish, the legitimisation of a known criminal and a system that allows it to happen. Well, at least let me read my own bloody police report. What next? Mr Hawtree? He might know where she is. KNOCK AT DOOR Yes! Some of the very best radio men I ever knew often behaved as you do, but then they never got what you get. What's that? The peculiar adulation that attaches to a recognisable face. Who would have thought the medium would produce stars? It really is terribly... Valuable. To any broadcaster who wants to attract viewers. Distracting. And disastrous to someone of your disposition. And what disposition is that? It is not my primary consideration whether or not you're going to defect, Mr Madden. Recent pressures may have affected your focus, but you remain a first-rate journalist... and you must decide what's best for you. Journalist? I thought you considered me a mere frontman. No. That, I think, is what you consider yourself. PHONE BUZZES Hector Madden for you, sir. Hello, Hector. Laurie, look, I'm sorry to bring this business up again, but the woman, the one who accused me, she's missing. Missing? What do you mean? I've no idea. It's Miss Rowley's conclusion. Mr Lyon's been looking into it. No doubt he'll ferret out what's happened to her. It's left me exposed. An officer has sold my team the police report and now they're asking questions. What questions? Well, perfectly good questions, truth be told. The sort of questions any good journalist should be asking, but the whole incident is throwing the light on El Paradis and its clientele and now they're asking themselves, as am I, if it wasn't me who attacked the girl, who the hell was it? Are you there? Yes, yes of course. Whatever my feelings for that woman, I don't wish her any harm. No, of course not. Don't spare me the truth. Is there anything I should be afraid of? I hope not, Hector. But as I explained to you before, El Paradis, for all its allure, has its price. My officers have been watching Mr Cilenti for some time. He is not a man to be toyed with. The extent of his influence in criminal activity should not be underestimated. Leave it with me, and I advise you to tell Mr Lyon to do the same if he's got any sense. Thanks, Laurie. As ever, I knew I could count on you. Now, tell me, are you going to break away from the mundaneness of your day and sneak out for a drink this evening? I have the invite here on my desk. Along with a pile of dire paperwork that needs to be signed. You're not the only one whose autograph is revered, Hector. Well, I'll see you later. Don't be late. I plan to start as early as I can. Bye. Miss Rowley, Mr Kendall called asking if you were going this afternoon? Thank you, Isaac. Did you know Isaac was writing a play? I did. Mr Mackie in drama has reported. What's the verdict? He said it was less kitchen sink, more fitted carpet. Pithy. That's good. Yes, that's what I said. Pithy is the bit you spit out. Mr Kendall called. Whose move next? Yours or the merry widower? Not biting. Damn Wolfenden. I've asked everyone! The usual mavericks? Everyone! Um, I don't suppose you have a spare pair of stockings I could borrow? Yes. You're welcome to any or all of these, but don't blame me if they end up rolling around your ankles. I'm positively Amazonian compared to you. How do you work with that looming over you? We all work with that looming over us, or have you forgotten there's a dead dog orbiting above our heads? By this time next year, every one of those countries will be committed to nuclear armament. The repercussions will be felt by all our children. We don't have children. No, but I have a strong inkling that one day you might. Enjoy the party. Good afternoon, sir. I'm sorry to disturb you, I'm looking for a Mr Hawtree. I'm Hawtree. Does that help? You did a lovely job on this, sir, if I may say so. Oh, my goodness. I'm sure that's nothing to do with me. No, no, I work for the client, sir. I'm here to pick up the next batch. Usually he sends a coloured fellow. Do I know you? Well, to tell the truth, sir, I'm actually not here on behalf of the client. I'm looking for one particular girl. Police? No, no, no. She's my girlfriend, we fought. I'm just trying to find her. Her name's Kiki Delaine. I don't suppose you've photographed her recently? Not recently, no. But I'm more your portrait photographer. Can I see her pictures? I hope you're not the jealous sort. These are very elegant. Yes. Though he prefers them less risque. Who? Mr Cilenti. Red ticket 95. Lucky lady. Congratulations. Well done. Yellow ticket 83. Hello. Hello, Freddie. Why do I never get asked to give out prizes? Better to collect them, I find. Mmm. Now that is an exhilarating team, of which you own 50%. With eyes on the other half. And we were having such a nice time! He'd be advertising Brylcreem in a week if he went to ITV. Red ticket 112. Ladies and gentlemen, don't be shy. Ah, Commander Stern. Congratulations! I am officially one of life's losers. Don't despair. I've spent the last few years of my life losing every tombola that my daughter has dragged me to. You've got children? Singular. She's eight. Delightful. Bel loves children! Bill! Jonathan. I haven't seen you for so long... He's obviously charming. Very. And a daughter? Do you calculate in advance how to make me look a fool, or does inspiration strike you in the moment? Oh, deflection, Moneypenny. Very, very revealing. And I said, "Alistair, I'm not going to serve fish roe "masquerading as caviar to a man with a CBE". Darling! I thought I'd lost you. Darling! Oh, excuse us. You're drunk. Sponsors. Advertisers. I was invited here by ITV, the people I work for. Now why don't you go and do your job and let me go and do mine? Hang on. I have earned this, Hector. I'm here in my own right. Not as your mannequin to be unveiled and put away at will. Don't you dare spoil this for me. Oh, aren't you pretty today! What's your name? Angela. Angela. I stole it. Yes. Returned now. Thank you. It is odd, when we've known one another as long as you and I have... Don't particularly want to... It's a conversation. It's simply a conversation. The past... Festers if it's never spoken of. You see, I have lied to you... ..in a way. Not lied, but... ..there's a form of deceit in my return. Please... Have you ever looked for her? I'm going now. Because I have. I do not want to talk... I do. There are practicalities. I don't have her birth certificate. I presume you registered her in Spain. So I started in Granada, then I moved to Madrid. There's a... Barcelona. I registered her in Barcelona. After... After that I took her to Paris. Right. Do you still have it? It would be a help to see it. We did what we had to do. Civil war is no place for... After you left, what was I going to do with a baby? Return to England, an unmarried woman with a child? I did what I had to. I live with it. Do you ever wake up at four o'clock in the morning and wonder if she thinks of us? Wonder what her life was? I do! That's what I live with. And it suddenly occurred to me I don't have to, so I am looking for her. And I am asking you if you wish to look for her too. And if you don't, the least you could do, if you have the birth certificate... DOOR SLAMS She'll make a wonderful mother. Won't she? Just not with me. Oh! I bet you all look wonderful! Miss Rowley and Mr Lyon seem to be enjoying themselves. They're still preoccupied with that bloody girl. I had to pull quite a few strings to get you off that sticky wicket. It seems wholly unnecessary to open it all up again. You know, the wonderful element to news is, as important as it is in the moment, it's just another story by the next day. Interest always wanes. Ease off the whisky, eh? You never learn. There were more. When did he last see her? Not recently. This isn't a call girl, this is a girl keen to move up. We're dealing with a gangster who could still hurt her. If you knew she had more to say you wouldn't want her running around town bad mouthing those she once worked for, would you? I'm going to show it to Miss Ramirez. See if it prompts anything. This seems a very serious conversation for a Christmas party. I thought it was an opportunity to, erm, show the caring side of us all. Yes. Hector tells me you're still looking into that business with Miss Delaine. It's rather a murky world. It's probably best left to the police. Best for whom? I'm sure Commander Stern imagined he was at a party. No, no, I don't mind being candid with you, Mr Lyon. Vice is the greatest challenge facing the Metropolitan Police today. Our progress is somewhat disheartening, but... What do you know about El Paradis and its proprietor? Raphael Cilenti is very charming, very successful and very discreet. He undoubtedly has a chequered past but he's not engaged in anything criminal at the moment. Excuse me. Mr Stern. One more thing, and then I promise you can relax. What's your position on Wolfenden? Well, I happen to agree very strongly with the Government's stance. Homosexuality is, of course, a crime. Vice is not something that can go unpunished. It would be very useful to have your perspective on the programme. If a man of your standing could speak out with the passion you've just displayed, Mr Stern. Appeal to my vanity? You'd be surprised how often it works. Wouldn't have to wear make-up, would I? You'd be fine just as you are. Why not? Oh, you won! Yes. Lucky ticket. Wonderful to see the children enjoying themselves. Hector. Good to see you. "The great pity with London is that, with all its vivid flavours, "a man like Mr Madden can be so easily led astray". Yes, don't quite follow you. Rather think you're on a frolic of your own there. Don't mock me, Angus. And don't feign ignorance. No, I assure you I never feign. My ignorance is 100% genuine. I read the police report. You sold me down the river. Would you excuse me just for a moment? I merely declined to become involved in a mess that had nothing to do with me. We must all take responsibility for our actions, Hector. Oh, must we? And what were you doing that night, McCain, hmm? Haven't you heard the Government rejected Wolfenden? So if there's anyone the police might be taking an interest in for that night, it was you. Diabolical, Hector. Diabolical. We're planning to discuss the subject on the programme tomorrow. Would you oblige? The Government wants to keep the status quo but I wonder whether you might have an alternate view. You are drunk. And you're a bloody hypocrite! Now, when I walk, I want you to walk with me. Come on. Come on! Splendid. Leave it, just leave it off. You leaving? Delightful though it was. Are you really leading with Wolfenden? How did you know that? From hearing phrases like "sexual intercourse" and "buggery" coming from your general direction. I know a chap who's been instrumental in campaigning for civil rights for homosexuals. I could give you his details. But if it's such a good contact why don't you use it yourself? Do you want it or not? Think of it as payback. If we do get Mr Madden. His contract's not up yet. And after his display tonight... He'll sleep it off. Well, thank you. For that act of self-sabotage. I don't see it as that. You see, I believe that journalists who share their contacts are ultimately rewarded. I think I'd like to call in my reward now. If that's all right with you? You need some coffee. Laurie, would you be so kind? Yes, of course. Come on. Let's get you to bed. Come on, sailor. You're a good pal, Laurie. Yeah, yeah. You are. Someone will be a very lucky woman when she reels you in. Yes, well, I think that might be a matter of opinion. No, I won't hear that! You always lacked confidence with women. It's always the same. Those God-awful brothels in Italy. Oh, I should never have left the army. Don't be ridiculous. If I'd had even the first idea what it was like on civvy street... I'd give anything to go back. So would you, admit it. Well, there is no going back, there's only forwards. Urgh! You need to get yourself a girl. You got a girl, Lieutenant? Never know with you, you keep it all so closed up. Locked. Yeah, well, you're drunk. Love. You ever loved? Yeah. Once. Did she love you back? No, I think not. But you can't let her go? No. That's it. Locked. Those girls in Trieste. Do you remember? Benedetta...Juliana... Come on. Lie on your side. Evyleena. No, it wasn't Evyleena. Go to sleep! What was her name? Juliana, Benedetta, Eva... Emeline. I'm so lost, Laurie. I'm so bloody lost. Go to sleep. Thank you. He is better than this. Hmm, he'll be fine in the morning. Coffee? Better not. Duty calls. Something like that. Miss Ramirez. I've got a two minute change. What do you want? I don't know when it was taken but she obviously had ambitions. Is there anywhere she could be? Miss Ramirez, she could be dead. She's here. She's more than fine. You might catch her if you're quick enough. She's wearing very nice mink. JAZZ MUSIC PLAYS Miss Delaine! Mr Lyon. This is a nice club. You're very welcome here but I ask all my clientele, please, leave your work elsewhere. Sorry, but my work is everywhere but elsewhere. This is neither the time nor the place. Goodnight for now, Mr Lyon. But do become a frequent visitor. I encourage you to make yourself at home. Though a word of advice to you and your friends at The Hour. Drink my champagne, eat my oysters... Hey! Here! ..but don't think for a moment you won't pay. Come on. Sir, madam, very nice to meet you. You're looking extremely well. Very well, thank you. OK? Thanks. Goodnight. Ready? Yeah. Great. Can you follow that car, please? Um, can you take me to, er, Notting Hill now, please? KNOCK AT DOOR Bel. Oh, sorry. No. Come in. No, um, I don't want to disturb you. I was just looking for Freddie. I don't know where he is. I thought he was with you. Um, no. Um, sorry. I'll go. No. No, really. Please, come in. Brandy? It's very nice. Are you enjoying it? Casino Royale? It's ridiculous, I can't understand any of it. Really? I think it's one of his best. I hate it. Horrible, horrible, horrible. And so pointless. I think that's the point. DOOR SLAMS Hello? Freddie. Where have you been? Er, been at El Paradis. And? What are you doing here? I, er, I didn't want to be alone. I think someone's been in my flat. It's from Cilenti. How do you know? I just do. I found her. Miss Delaine. She's alive? Very much so. Well, tell me. Tell all. You're shivering. I'm fine, go on. Well, I followed her to a townhouse in Mayfair. I didn't wake you up. No. You smell of, um... You bought it for me. Nearly finished the bottle. You staying? Erm, no. No, not tonight. I just wanted to make sure you were safe and sound. Always. Oh! Merry Christmas. Oh, I love it. Really? Come and lie with me. All right. Freddie. Here. Plenty of time to find another tenant. Please reconsider. It's not worth it, Freddie, not at our age. We're joining the migration north. Where to? Colindale. It's deserted. Absolutely nothing there. We can't give in to intimidation, Mrs Goldman. Please, take this back. Come on. We can't let them win. I'm sorry, Freddie. DOOR CLOSES Had some upsetting news, Mr Lyon? I think you know my wife, Mr Pike. She'd like an apology. What for, Mr Lyon? I haven't laid a finger on her, certain I'd remember if I had. You paid Trevor to assault her. Yeah, I wouldn't believe a boy like that. Well, we're not going anywhere. He who resists change... I was born here! There's no such thing as birthright any more, Mr Lyon. You should know that. No, not at all the place it once was. The one of your memory, Mr Lyon, that's long gone. Mrs Hassan, the money? Thanks, Peter. I heard there was a scene. Oh, no, no, nothing like that. It was enough. Mr Lyon will anchor this evening's programme on his own. Are we agreed? Won't viewers be surprised if Mr Madden is completely removed? Like it or not, he is one of the main reasons that people watch The Hour. It's a debate. We need sharpness of mind. That does not go hand in hand with dehydration, nausea and waves of self-loathing. And Hector? He should be shunted into the sidelines until... Until? Contracts are up at the start of the new year. KNOCK AT DOOR Miss Delaine... Miss Delaine! Stop banging! Go away or I'll call the police. What for? This time? Come on, Miss Delaine. Just five minutes. Please. Miss Delaine. If Mr Madden didn't hurt you, why did you tell the police that he did? Oh, it's done now, isn't it? And I can't take it back. He's all right. I watch his wife on the TV. I hate cooking, but she's beautiful. Is he your boyfriend? The man at the club? They all think they're my boyfriend. Oh, you're someone's. It's a pretty powerful clientele at El Paradis. Mr Cilenti's all about people. I'm going out in a minute. Do you know how worried Miss Ramirez was about you? Well, she can see I'm all right now. Yes. Yes, you are. You're better looking in real life. I'm here to help. No, you're not. You're here for some story, for your programme. I don't really watch the news but I've seen you. You're going round investigating me. But I could say you'd done something to me this second if I wanted. And why would you do that? Anyone can say anything, can't they? There's value in an important man like yourself, a famous face. Value for who? You're asking stupid questions and I can set you straight in one. You do what you have to do in this world. You make your move and you get where you wanna go. Even if you have to take a beating along the way? He hurt me that day, but it all healed up. Look, can't see nothing. Who? Who hurt you? You think I'm stupid. But I'm not. Really I'm not. Look where I am. Why would I betray him for the sake of giving something to you? That's very pretty. Present. Really? They look very much in love. Can you go now, please? I want you to go. Glad to see you walking straight today. Just about. Hello. Well, well. This is suitably glamorous. In here please, Mr Grey. Who's that? An actor? Peter Grey. Co-founder of the League for Homosexual Law Reform. A homosexual? Yes, Mr Wengrow. Remarkable. Looks just like you or I. On the programme? Mr Wengrow, if we were making a programme about birds, who would we contact? The Royal Society for the Protection of... Birds, exactly. But we would not go on to assume that the spokesman they sent us was themselves feathered with a beak. Hector in? On time, for once. Um, Sophie, could you...? Thank you. How to get revenge against a man who beat you. Accuse his best friend. What's this? Shakespeare? Don't tell me you're complicit. You can't be. Otherwise he wouldn't have let you sit in that cell for so long. What are you talking about? I have just been with Miss Delaine. She is being kept in some style. Who might that be by? I don't know what you are talking about. Think about it. You know the man. I want you to be honest with yourself. A powerful man. A man with contacts. A man with influence. A man who would use that influence. No. I won't hear it. Commander... Laurie would never... He would. He has. The prize he won, remember? That bloody horrendous ornament, now in pride of place on Miss Delaine's mantelpiece, Hector. How? KNOCK AT DOOR 15 minutes to air, everyone. What do you want from me, Freddie? Mr Stern is having an intimate relationship with a woman who as good as belongs to Mr Cilenti, which can only mean your friend must be turning a blind eye to the man's misdeeds. Must be? It's organised crime, Hector. Police corruption. Cilenti's got a leading Police Commander in his pocket. On what evidence? Oh! He's a hero in your eyes so you don't want to believe it. You know it's true. A man errs. A man errs so badly, it's quite impossible to square it with the man you knew before. But stupidity, reckless stupidity... No! How do you know? He helped me. I could have gone to prison. He helped you to help himself. I'm sorry, Hector, but it's true. You know it's true. Everything all right? Yes. So, Mr Lyon, I'd like you to lead with Wolfenden. Pick up NATO and, Mr Madden, you can have the Home Secretary round up of the year. Perhaps it's for the best. Debating the rights and wrongs of a permissive society? How can one trust him? How can one trust anything he says now? We can't have him on the programme. We can and we will. Fine, but I interview him. Sorry. Hector should present Wolfenden. What? You'll have to trust me. It's 12 minutes to air, Freddie. A live debate. Even if I didn't trust you, Randall would never allow it. He wants Hector out. But you don't. So defy Randall. Is he half-cut? No. He won't let us down. Isaac, I need you to find the landlord of this address. Who pays the rent? Whether it's a freehold? Soon as possible, please. Thank you. Er, Randall. I, um, I thought of translating it for you, then I seem to remember your Spanish is pretty... Appalling. I'll muddle through. Hmm. Let me know. I'd like to know. Thank you. Places, please. All right? Thank you. What's going on? Mr Madden is presenting Wolfenden. I specifically said... Mr Lyon is insistent. You are overruled. Which is my privilege as producer from time to time, is it not? Why is Mr Lyon throwing him a lifeline? I don't know, but let's give him the benefit of the doubt, shall we? Overruled I am. Standby, everyone. We're live in 20. Cue grams. Mr Madden has rather a green pallor tonight, wouldn't you say? Five... Four... Three... Two... One... Good evening, and welcome to The Hour, the most important 60 minutes in your week. This week, the Government has rejected the recommendations of the Wolfenden Committee that acts of homosexuality between men no longer be considered a criminal offence. We ask is this something that the Government should have done? Joining us for a debate in the studio we have Mr Peter Grey, the co-founder of the newly established Homosexual Law Reform League. Opposing him, is the man charged with keeping our capital city free from the scourge of vice. Commander Laurence Stern of the Metropolitan Police. Good evening, Commander. Good evening. Mr Grey, your organisation must be disappointed that the Government has refused to relax the law. The current law ruins lives. You see, most arrests are got through blackmail. One person threatens to report another for homosexual activities, but rather than going after the blackmailer, the police invariably pursue the man who has done nothing more than engage in an act in private, which causes no other person harm. Well, society is harmed. Homosexuality is a crime with no victim, Mr Stern. It's blackmail that destroys lives. Acts of unnatural vice are never victimless, Mr Grey. Indeed. But what of these people who live in fear of being accused, Mr Stern? What do you imagine life is like for them? Well, the morality of this is black and white. The law cannot be altered to accommodate perversions. That way abuse lies. Abuse? Perversions? Who is it that defines what these things are? Parliament. That's what we're here to discuss. Where the hell's he going with this? I don't know. ..police officers have a great deal of discretion as to which perversions they pursue? Well, our officers do exercise a great deal of discretion, yes. But, in fact, it's notorious in the police force. This particular offence is seen as an easy target. One for the arrest record. Yes, well, I have never seen evidence of that procedure. Well, we have the evidence right here in the Wolfenden Report. Past five years have seen a surge in arrests for homosexual offences. Arguably a purge. Well, there has been progress, yes. But the police has not enjoyed similar success with other kinds of vice. Can you offer an explanation for that, Mr Stern? Well, as you know, the Government is currently considering legislation to take prostitutes off our streets, so obviously that will have a major effect on vice numbers. Surely a tip of the iceberg? While vice is allowed to continue underground, with call girls and club girls, and young women vulnerable to the sexual whims and abuse of men. What's being done to police that crime? I mean, how is it that the police... Pull back on camera one, pull back on Mr Madden. Um, there's something not right here. No! He's never been so good. Tighter, go tighter on Commander Stern! Tighter on camera two. Which would you consider the greater crime, Mr Stern? The abuse of women within the vice industry or the private acts that take place between consenting men? We all have our weaknesses, Mr Madden. Most of us manage to keep them within the boundaries of the law. And if that fails? Could you contain yourself? It is not our failure that reveals us, Mr Madden. It is the manner in which we pick ourselves up. Thank you. And now we go to Frederick Lyon, with news on the aftermath of the NATO summit. The Prime Minister has made no secret of his enthusiasm for Mr Eisenhower's deal to house American missiles on British bases, but at what cost to the nation? Down the line now from Washington, our correspondent Mr Barnaby McDonald. Good evening, Barnaby. Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen, and a happy Christmas. Hector. Mr Lang? I got you a name for the landlord of that flat. Thank you. It's owned by a Mr Pike. A Mr Norman Pike. Find out what else he owns, please. Quick as you can. BRASS BAND PLAYS "God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen" Those whose contract is up and may be thinking of asking for an increase in salary should tread carefully. Nothing like an annual review to kick-start the year, Mr Madden. It's organised crime. Systematic organised crime. Greased by a deep level of police collusion. You're talking about a man who will ruin both of us. Your entire team, if he has to. I can't betray him. He's a corrupt officer whose handiwork almost cost you your career. Cilenti conceivably could have information on half the men in London. What has happened at Downing Street in the last few days could well bring down the Government. Can't you just be pleased? Must you always be the one to get the scoop, Freddie? You didn't come because you were worried about Miss Delaine. I suspect you were also worried for yourself. Get out while you can, Kiki. You can get free from all of this. They've found her. What? My contacts, they think they've found her. Why do you think I work every night late, trying to deliver the most truthful perspective I can? Because it's easier than to be here. I love you. Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 