The Hour: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Hour 
 s1e6 - Episode #1.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Hour (2011–2012): Season 1, Episode 6 - Episode #1.6 - full transcript 
 Lix tells Freddie that Peter Darrell and Tom Kish were secret agents sent to Egypt to assassinate the president Nasser and that Ruth,who was in love with Peter,went with them,hence MI6's need to kill her. Though ordered to toe the party line on Suez,the evening's live broadcast contains footage of opposition to the Suez war by members of the public and the American president,as well as a satirical sketch by Isaac. As a climax Freddie gets Lord Elms to give a deeply personal interview explaining his loss of confidence in the government. The point is made but the show is pulled. Afterwards Hector tells Bel he is going back to Marnie,after an ultimatum from his wife whilst Freddie learns the identity of the actual Soviet agent in the BBC,who listed him as a Bright Stone as a decoy. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Um, maybe a little higher. Freddie? Your mystery guest. He will be here, won't he? Because if not, I have that bore from the British Communist Party talking about the fall of Hungary and the effect on its members. Freddie? Let's hope so. The footage of the demonstration, I want it in my hand in less than five minutes, Freddie! What's the map for? Uh, Admiral Green, logistics of a land invasion. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Fact, not opinion, Bel. - Of course. What's Ron doing with a bookies board? Isaac's sketch. It's suicide. - It's satire. - Satire is comment. Clarence, what would you have me do? I have one piece of footage of a demonstration on which we cannot pass comment, a reasonably dry interview with Admiral Green and coverage of the American elections, the result of which will not be called until after we are off air. Freddie has an idea mid-programme. I have 60 minutes to fill. No. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The last 24 hours have been an exercise in how to air a news programme that is taking place in less than two hours when one can't discuss, analyse or debate the news. I am allowing you to take this programme to the edge of acceptability, so have your maps, if you must. But Isaac's sketch does not play tonight. Is it not our duty as journalists to present balanced news frankly, fearlessly and reasonably? Life is about compromise. The country is at war. We cannot show dissent, we cannot show... News! On a news programme! It's absurd! Hector, sweetheart, have we been swimming? You two really need to sort this out. You've missed a bit. Sissy! Coffee in my office now, please. He slept in his office again, which, by the way, is my perk. Two nights. Ah, Sissy, just the girl. Can you type this copy up for me? Thank you. Have you seen Isaac? I typed up his script again. He keeps changing it. He's ever such a perfectionist. I've done the best I can. I cut back the footage of the demonstration, removed the image of the police officer attacking that man as he tried to... Clarence wants to cut Isaac's sketch. Every broadsheet is raising the issue of collusion. I said that. But if we say that Britain colluded with Israel and France in an illegal war to get the canal back, then we're effectively saying... Eden lied to his cabinet, his party and the Commons? Yes. But we don't say that. We just acknowledge, as the rest of the world is doing, that it is an intelligent possibility. If you use the word "collusion", even in a sketch, then that's treason, isn't it? They could take us off air. Put the policeman back in. Tell Isaac to take that hat off in case Clarence sees him. Whoo! Christ! Hector! I'm sorry. You can't sleep in your office. Right. You need to go home to Marnie. Right. Aren't you going to say anything else? I love you. Is that the best you can do? For the moment, yes. What does that actually mean? It's pretty self-explanatory. It isn't. It really, really isn't. Explain. I'm sorry. You love me. Well, is this a proposal? (CHUCKLES) Ooh, how exciting. When were you thinking? June? Why are you doing this? Because you would want me to play bridge and stop working here, the place that I love, doing the job that I have waited my whole life for. I'm not asking you to marry me. So what are you asking me? You want me to stay as your mistress? Oh, it's heaps of fun having a mistress. Heaps of fun being a mistress. It's just what every marriage needs. - Well, I have done it once too often... - Enough! I don't want to be a mistress any more. And I'm... I'm certainly not waiting to be anyone's wife. You need a wife. (DOOR OPENING) Have you seen Freddie? No. Shouldn't you be down on the floor? Excuse me. Please follow me. Freddie. I know, I know, I heard. I'll be down in... My office, if you wouldn't mind. Why, to... These gentlemen work for Her Majesty's government. Really? They wish to ask you a few questions. I hope that is acceptable to you, Mr Lyon. Do I have a choice? We note you didn't do national service, Mr Lyon. No. We've been aware of your activities for some time. We understand you have been pursuing the death of Peter Darrall. Yes. And that you've approached an eminent peer and his family as part of your investigation. As you are aware, they have suffered a recent loss. I'm sure they would prefer to be left alone in their grief. You're very sure. Thankfully, I have been given reassurance by your editor that you have now closed your investigation, that there was no story to be found. Is that it? Is that how it works? Am I being signed off? I suppose there are worse ways to go. Robbery, heart attack or suicide, I've heard. Is it true? Please forgive Mr Lyon. He's very, very tired. None of us have slept more than a few hours over the last few weeks and we do have a programme to get out. I am impressed. I wasn't sure if any of you could talk. Well, time is moving on. Mr Fendley has kindly vouched for your good character. We will not bother you again. Did you kill her? Did you murder Ruth Elms? Freddie. Good afternoon, Mr Lyon. Mr Fendley. Good bye. - Is that really it? - They are merely collectors. They collect information and pass it on to their colleagues, who verify or deny what they have found. They are seekers of truth in their own way. I've been following this story for months! With you silently encouraging me, Clarence. And now I am quietly asking you to stop. I had to ask Douglas to use his considerable influence in Whitehall to get them off your back. - I'm on a list! - Shh! Close the door. What list? Of potential KGB recruits. Brightstones, they call them. "Revert to Brightstone." Was Peter Darrall giving someone the nod to find a new Brightstone to replace him? What, you've seen this list? No, but I've spoken to someone who has, someone who would be willing to come on the show tonight, maybe even to talk about Ruth's death. The Elms case is tragic but it is not news. It's time to terminate it. Terminate? Too personal a story. What is the news if it's not personal, Clarence? It's all personal, otherwise why write about it? If it doesn't matter to you personally, then what kind of person are you? I'm on that list. So was Ruth. Someone put us there. Sit down, Freddie. What I am about to tell you, you can't reveal it, as there's a mole at the BBC. But it might help you lay the Elms case to rest. In March I received a transcript of a telephone call between a high-ranking member of the government and a key operative in the Secret Service. It confirms an unofficial order, bypassing the Foreign Office, going straight to MI6, to bring down Nasser by whatever means they can. To assassinate him? In the transcript, two agents are mentioned. Peter Darrall and Tom Kish. Freddie, Nasser's attempted assassination is a bigger story. I'm asking you to draw a line under this. You are at risk. Can't you see that? (KNOCKING) Have you seen Hector? I've written him a new intro for Eisenhower. Lix. I need you to telephone your man in Cairo. I need you to ask him to dig deeper. - Darling, what's wrong? You're sweating. - I need to know everything about that trip Kish and Darrall made in May to Cairo. What were they doing there? Please, Lix, just do it. Yeah, all right, all right. I just need some time. - Everyone on set now, please. - Yes. - We're on in 20 minutes. -LIX: Yeah, coming. Ron, can you move the top right? Oi, Billy Wilder, where do you want this? Perhaps behind the flat. Uh, it needs chalking up. No one said anything about chalking up. I'll do it. Isaac, can you wrap it up? Clarence will be here any minute. Marnie. Hector needed a clean shirt and suit. I was afraid that he might not have changed it all week. It's that way. Oh, good luck. For tonight. Daddy's very excited, wondering how it's all going to play. I'm sure he'll be brilliant. Hector. - Ron, can I... - It's fine, just don't worry about it. RON: Fifteen minutes, people. Fifteen minutes. I wasn't sure if you preferred your navy or grey. So I took a decision. What are you doing here? We tried the Dorchester, Savoy, Claridge's, and you don't seem to be staying anywhere. Have you even shaved today? There's some clean undergarments and socks in the bag and a fresh razor. Shall I just... just put it here? Yes, it's fine, you... Don't flap. I do hope that it didn't get terribly crushed in the Underground. Are you coming home? (WOMAN CREW MEMBER GIVING ORDERS) Your toothbrush. There's a toothbrush. Thank you. I said I'd meet Daddy upstairs any minute now. Douglas has invited us for drinks. Daddy thinks he's worried. He might have got wind of something. Apparently, a number of opportunities have been opening up for you. He can't believe how silly you've been, the damage you could have caused. Marnie... I will give you today, Hector. But if you don't come home, I will divorce you. There's only so much humiliation one girl can take. Oh. There he is. Daddy! (TELEPHONE RINGING) (RINGING CONTINUES) You all right? FREDDIE: Sissy's calling last checks. - She's dumped you. -(HECTOR SIGHS) It gets better. In a couple of months you won't feel like slitting your wrists every time you see her. You should write this down. I'm sure it would make a good novel. Already tried. You just smile and say your lines. The rest I am sure you can sort later. You patronising bastard. I've proved myself over the last three months, more than proven myself, and just because I haven't got your wit... - Aw, self-pity. -...your banter and your dexterity, your armoury of words designed to floor, to floor me. Just because I'm too polite to ask the provocative questions... - And again. - Shut up! You'll, um, need to prep for another interview. Mid-programme. - With who? - I jotted down a few questions. Oh, my God. Does Bel know? She's humouring me she doesn't but she does. He's not going to answer these questions. And I'm not going to ask them. - Fine. - Though there's one or two is all right. Do you think I'm a weak person, Hector? What? I've never been to war, I've never fought for anything. You fight every day, Freddie. Weak's not the word I'd use. My father always said a hero is a man who's too afraid to run away. If you want we can... run through those together on the floor. Freddie, I'm going to give you all your birthdays, Christmases and holidays at once. There's a story circulating the foreign press. It's all conjecture, but in May, Nasser's dentist was approached with a bribe to poison Nasser. Two M16 operatives met with him, posing as British diplomats. I know. Freddie, you need to hear this. Apparently... Apparently they had a female companion with them. Pretty girl. Blonde. Well-educated. No. Freddie, it was Ruth. She was the bait. It seems as though there was nothing she wouldn't have done for Peter Darrall. She was working with them, Freddie. I'm sorry. Hector, how did you... MAN: (ON PA) All staff of The Hour to the studio, please. Five minute introduction, factual report on the Suez demonstration intercut with footage, then we're back to the studio for military analysis of the ground invasion with Admiral Green. See if he's here yet. Next, move on to coverage of the United States, Montgomery does general assessment of the election, then canvasses opinion of the wider political landscape. - Isaac's sketch? - Miss Rowley, five minutes. Clear the set please, five minutes. Mark! Thank you. CLARENCE: Why has Isaac got a moustache? Uh, Guy Fawkes. That was yesterday. (LAUGHING) (TALKING IN DISTINCTLY) I want them off my set. We'll be watching from the executive bar upstairs. - That's meant to comfort me? - Good luck. Clarence. Mr Lyon. You're very chirpy tonight. Well, one must remain optimistic. Wonderful piece this morning in the Daily Express rallying around our Prime Minister in the midst of such sniping. I bought 12 copies, handed them out. Boosted party morale. Nothing like rearranging the deckchairs as that hull starts to tip. Do you ever tire of such cynicism? Hope you're cosying up to Macmillan. Be terribly cold for you when this is all over. Where will you go when all the dirty secrets come out? One word of dissent in this time of war and... They shot deserters for less. Freddie, see you upstairs afterwards for a drink? - Ringside seats. - RON: Mr Lyon, time. - I feel sick. - Don't be wet. WALLACE: Hector. Douglas invited me down. To keep an eye on me? Marnie insisted. Thought you might need the support tonight. RON: Mr Madden, they're waiting. That's fine, thank you. Cigarette out, please, sir. She is beside herself. This is not the time. Do you have any idea what you're risking here? I couldn't care less what antics you're embroiled in in your private life, just don't bring them into your marriage. You have only one of those, Hector. And one career. Now, you make them both work or neither will. Don't tell me what to do, Wallace. I married your daughter, not you. Don't get ahead of yourself, Hector. See your limits, like the rest of us do. Success is in your hands. Think about where your loyalties lie. Don't be ashamed to let yourself down, now you've got this far. (FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING) (SIGHS) So, Admiral, you will notice two lights, two cameras. When the lights turn red... Yes, yes, I look. Mr Madden will introduce you before you talk through your presentation. Admiral Green, delighted you could join us tonight. Very good. Uh, Ron will show you where you're sitting. Righty ho. - Hurry up, Daddy. It's almost starting. - There we are. - Uh, Clarence. - Thank you. (THEME MUSIC PLAYING) Is your guest here yet? No. And a penitent communist won't cut it. He will if you don't fill that slot, Freddie, I'm serious. I have really, really stuck my neck out for you. He'll come. What's wrong? - Tell me. - Nothing. He'll come. If he's not here by the end of the second slot, then... Ron, cue up our communist chap for the last slot and I'll give you the nod. Are you coming up? Moneypenny, whatever happens tonight, we, um, we mustn't regret a minute of it. Uh, good luck, everyone. Let's make this an extraordinary show for extraordinary times. And Ron, keep the bloody boom out of shot. (EVERYONE LAUGHING) Ladies and gentlemen, are we ready? - Oh, Angus, please. - Thank you. Best seat in the house. Oh, you got a bit of glue on you. Do you think the moustache is too much? No, it's very dashing. - Break a leg. - Hope not. No, it's just what you say when... No, no, no. I know. Yes, sorry. Funny. (exec-us) Freddie... All present and correct. You know they put donkeys in with racehorses to calm them down? You all right? Fine. Stand by for countdown. - You'll be able to see? - Yes. Wonderful team effort. I do hope it doesn't all go to waste. Five, four, three, two, one. Go straight to studio. HECTOR: Good Evening. Welcome to The Hour in this most extraordinary week. In the last seven days, Britain and France have invaded Egypt. A vast military operation is underway there. And we are fortunate to have Admiral Green with us here, one of the leading experts in tactical warfare. Admiral Green, thank you for joining us in the studio tonight. Thank you. ALL: This is the wrong camera. Wrong camera. Wrong camera. And we have this very handy map to demonstrate. Yes. Would you like to show us exactly how the French and British invasion unfolded? Absolutely. At 05:15 hours yesterday, British airborne forces were dropped on Gamil airbase, 5 miles west of Port Said. After a fierce fight, they successfully took the airfield, while French airborne troops landed south of Port Said. HECTOR: Certainly efficient. This success paves the way for advance on military targets further south. Stand by on the Eisenhower election campaign. How are we doing? Two minutes, 13. In your view, how well-planned was this operation? It's impressive, the speed with which it's been organised. Commendable. Yes. Hear, hear. And it's our duty to continue until the whole of the canal zone is once more under British and French control. DOUGLAS: Nut? Yes, why not? This is the only way to bring stability. Let's hope so. Thank you very much, Admiral. Thank you very much. So far so good. HECTOR: And now it's over to America, with news coming in that Eisenhower has taken Texas. Here is a report from our man in Washington, Robert Montgomery, who sent this from the election trail. Thank you. Certainly, canvassing opinion, it is clear that Eisenhower seems - on course to win. - Thank you. But there are those who believe his surge in popularity has been in part bolstered by his refusal to be drawn into the crisis in Suez. AMERICAN MAN: Your Prime Minister may with good intentions have defended Suez - and your economic interests. - Oh, Christ. But from an American perspective, well, we 'd be asking questions. Clarence? That's why I voted for Eisenhower, because he kept the hell out of there. Whose idea was this? Views expressed by foreign nationals do not contravene the rule. The protests in London are in response to events in Suez. And our country is divided. God, what next? We've been on streets of London this week. Stand by TC. And this is what we saw. Cue TC. We are standing in a side street by Trafalgar Square. You can see the crowds behind me. "Law Not War" is the message they are taking to Downing Street today. (CROWD CHANTING) You can hear the crowds chanting, "One, two, three, four! We won't fight in Eden's war!" as they snake their way from every corner along Whitehall. I met a man who had come down from Carlisle this morning. Also, another one from Lincolnshire. - Turn back on the sound levels a bit. - ... from Bradford, from Wales… - BEL: Time? - Twelve minutes, 14 seconds. Madam, I notice you're wearing medals. May I ask you which regiment? Royalist Cambridge. - Looks nervous tonight. - FREDDIE: Hmm. - Your husband's? - Son's. I don't want to lose another, not when I don't know what we're fighting for. I notice that you've brought his daughter here today. She never knew him. I want her to remember today. So, if Anthony Eden is sincere in what he is saying, and he may be... Um, anyone for a top-up? - No, thank you. -If he is sincere what he is saying, then he is too stupid to be a prime minister. (CROWD LAUGHING) Good on the Green interview. - I would have been harder. - You weren't interviewing. Ron, get the communist chap ready. I can't wait any longer, Freddie. He's not coming. Where are you going? Let me make one more phone call. Isaac, get ready. We're going straight to the sketch. WOMAN: The police have gone bleeding mad. They're just hitting out at anybody. There's a woman back there on the floor. No one's helping her. HECTOR: It's becoming rather heated. You can see people running all over the place. There are police on horseback desperately trying to control the fray. A little harsh. No laws broken yet, Angus. Maybe I'd better have that top-up. Time. Five, four, three, two, one, back to studio. (TELEPHONE RINGING) (SIGHS) It was Ovid who said that a horse never runs so fast as when he has other horses to catch up and outpace. MCCAIN: What now? Here at The Hour, we thought what better way to view the fast unfolding events of recent days than by our very own Day At the Races. And what a beautiful day it is, as punters place their last bets for this key race. You can see them lining up at the post. One or two are certainly frisky. There's Colonel Nasser in the red, white and black of Egypt... - Sketch? - ...nipping at the Israeli's mane. You never said anything about a sketch. There's the neigh of the Stars and Stripes, President Eisenhower. He's got the blinkers on, but his nose is set. Yes, Eisenhower's hoping for electoral victory today. And from where we're standing, it could be any man's race. And they're off! It's a good start for Rule Britannia and Mademoiselle Française, heading off at a steady pace. What is he saying? I think it's a play on horse-racing, Daddy. (CHUCKLES) You see, there's rather witty odds on Rule Britannia and Mademoiselle Française to win. - It's a bloody farce. - What fun! And there's no stopping the Colonel, he's a good nose ahead. And the United Nations are clearly flagging. Pull back a bit. Eisenhower has fallen back, his eye on the long game. Penny. Will you double-check that there are no messages for me? He's threatening to invade. He's invading. Colonel Nasser is not happy. The Israeli's in suspect form. Oh, look out. Here come the American press. And the American press are voicing concern. Two riderless horses are moving in, Man of Peace and Illegal War. Rule Britannia and Mademoiselle Française are clearly astounded. It looks like Man of Peace will undoubtedly win this race. Yes, ladies and gentlemen, this is mayhem. I've never seen the like, it is mayhem today. Illegal War will now take over Man of Peace to cross the line. I specifically said no sketch! The Steward is waving the ﬂag... just bring the bloody lights down. In a fury, there's sure to be an enquiry. Stop it. Bring the lights down if you have to, now. Ladies and gentlemen, the race has been pulled... - Now! -...as the riderless horses cross the line in a photo finish. So, this is the BBC. Where do you want me? Ladies and gentleman, all bets are off. There are no winners today. Bring the lights up on Hector. Are you completely, completely mad? I said no sketch. I specifically said no sketch! What the hell do you think you're doing? Trying to keep this show on air. We're still live. Stand by with the Communist Party interview. Counting down. Five, four, three, two, one. We're joined in the studio with a member of the British Communist Party, -who is... -(FOOTSTEPS RUNNING) Different interview. Get our comrade out. I'm terribly sorry, ladies and gentlemen. That, uh, that interview won't be happening. Um... And what do we have next? This is my programme, Clarence. You left tonight in my hands. Bel, dear. You might want to see this. Thatta boy. HECTOR: I must apologise for a technical fault, there are gremlins everywhere. But that will not stop us tonight. Our next guest, Lord Elms of Framlingham. What was Hector thinking of? This could ruin him. MCCAIN: What's he doing here? HECTOR: ...is a conservative peer of the House of Lords. I don't know. I'll find out. - Ready? - Yes. ...momentous events of the last week. The House of Lords, of course, is one of our oldest institutions and... uh... and plays a vital role. BEL: Is he bottling it? LIX: Yes. ...In making laws and keeping an eye on the actions and decisions of government. (TELEPHONE RINGING) Yes. ...In bringing a wealth of experience, making laws and legislation and public policy... I will try to find out. You're going to have to explain to Douglas why no one was informed that Lord Elms would be joining us on the programme tonight. Keep going. Tonight, Lord Elms will be interviewed by my colleague, Mr Frederick Lyon, our global affairs reporter, who has been keeping a very close eye on events. Lord Elms will no doubt have something to say - about the current situation. - Christ. - And in particular... - Ron, keep it going. Camera 2. Um... Good Evening, Lord Elms. Thank you for joining us tonight. Thank you for asking me. You have been a member of the House of Lords for many years. Yes, I also have served in both world wars and for several years I practised at the bar. And you've known Sir Anthony Eden for many years. Is that correct? Yes. And what is your opinion of the Prime Minister? I... I have believed him an honourable man. I supported the Prime Minister in the past. And what of now, Lord Elms? I ask you as someone who has believed and for many years served this government. What is your view of the government today? I find that all that I believed, all that I held true, has been turned upside-down in these last few fragile months. FREDDIE: I see. And why is that, sir? I don't care what you do, but you shut down this programme down now. Did you hear that, Clarence? LORD ELMS: I find myself... I'll call Presentation now. ...at an impasse, with a sense of loss so great one could call it a crisis of my own. Put me through to Presentation. It's a personal crisis, sir. A story that is close to you? But it is not simply personal. It is a loss of trust, a loss of belief, and more a loss of my own ability to judge what is true any more. But is it not the case, Lord Elms, that it is a personal experience that has led to this doubt? All I know is that when the authority of a government is challenged, that government will do everything in its power to ensure they are not exposed as the liars and murderers that they are. Liars and murderers, these are strong words, Lord Elms. Yes, I do not use them lightly. And what was it that made you so radically change your view? I've come to understand that it is possible, Frederick, to be a patriot and at the same time question and judge the wisdom and rightness of the government in power. Ladies and gentlemen. If we cannot debate that which troubles our society, and more importantly troubles our government, then we cannot, in all honestly, calls ourselves a democracy. If we cannot question our leaders as they embark on what has been called an illegal military action, an action publicly opposed by the United States government... DOUGLAS: Shut it down, now. ...and the countries of the United Nations Security Council... I want it off, now! If we cannot reasonably and intelligently query our politicians... - Shut down The Hour. - ...about the rightness of an action that appears at heart to be deceitful... - CLARENCE: Do it now. -...then we are not a free... You're fired. Right. I expected nothing less. For God's sake, turn that camera off. Thirty-six minutes, 39 seconds. It's not bad. WOMAN: Lord Elms, your car is waiting for you. Thank you. Lord Elms, did you realise how far Peter Darrall had led Ruth... No. You know, Frederick, when you were first evacuated to us, you were nearly 12. We sent our driver to the station to pick you up. It was only many years later he told me that you chatted all the way to the house, insisted on sitting next to him. You thought he was me. You didn't see his rough hands. You only saw a man you could talk about cars with. I've thought often of this and what a disappointment we must have been to you, I must have been. So stiff. Always sitting in the back, away from the real conversation, when all you wanted was to sit in the front and talk. I realise it's what Ruthie longed for from me. Such discoveries. All too late. We should have talked to her. Not let her stray so far. It all comes back to Ruth. That's why M16 killed her. It all comes back to Ruthie. I'll drive you home. I have my car, I can drive my wife home. Daddy, I'll be fine. Shall we talk speak tomorrow, Hector? There's a lot to talk about. - You made the right decision tonight. - I made a decision tonight, Wallace. Well, you know where I am. - Five minutes? - Hector. - Wait downstairs. - You're coming home. Please convey my commiserations to Miss Rowley. For her programme tonight. I can't go back to the mailroom. I can't, I can't bear it. The trick is to get very, very drunk. And then dance until you're sick. Fancy drink? I'll just get me coat. Mr Lyon? Well, at least you can't say your copy's boring any more. - Whiskey's finished. - Lix. Coming? No, not tonight. Tonight I just want to go home. Bravo, sweetheart. Today you reminded me why I do this job. You bottled that last interview. Ambition over integrity, Hector. Well done. Freddie needed a chance. Liar. - Do you think it's over? -(SCOFFS) Yes. - I'm sorry. - Don't be. I take nothing back. You're going back to Marnie. What if we left now? What if we just went, you and me? To France or... No, I thought not, too. Apparently, there, um... there are openings in the Natural History department. - Maybe I'll see you there. - Mmm. - Did we go too far? - Quite possibly. Most definitely. Good work, James. You, too, Moneypenny. Wait. Where's Clarence? It's over, Freddie. Clarence? Mr Lyon. We were just talking about you. (SIGHS) You really have outdone yourself tonight. Could you have done any more to undermine the future of this programme? Really? I thought we showed restraint. We could have been far more controversial. What do you mean? To reveal the government's unofficial attempts to destroy Colonel Nasser might destabilise the country at a time of war. And we wouldn't want to do that to an already weakened Prime Minister. Unsubstantiated and outrageous accusations. Who the hell do you think you are? Unofficial conversations have taken place between the government and the Secret Service alluding to an attempt to assassinate Nasser. Ruth Elms knew this. That is why they killed her. What does he mean? - Clarence... - I have absolutely no idea. - Clarence, he needs to know. - Know what? My apologies. It's been, um, a long night. Hmm. Well, I'm sure it will all look very different in the morning. Clarence. Clarence? Stupid, stupid stupid, stupid, stupid boy! What you did tonight was sabotage. Everything that I have worked for for the last 30 years, gone. - It was the truth. - The truth? Righteous enthusiasm disguised as integrity. Together, you and the entire team of The Hour have dismantled the core of everything we have built. Your positions are untenable. (VOICE BREAKING) You could not have disappointed me more, Freddie. I told you about that transcript because... What? What was I meant to do with it? Run it.just bloody run it, Freddie. That's all you had to do. You told me not to say anything. When have you ever listened to anybody who has asked you to be quiet? You normally broadcast it to the world. - And slander the whole government? - Yes. Why do you think I brought you in as part of this team, Freddie? Hmm? Because I saw something in you I once saw in myself. The courage of my convictions. If you were planning to expose us, me, yourself in that way, at least make it worth it. Save your speeches, because they don't work. You blew the story, Freddie. No, you... Worse than that. You teased us with a story that you did not deliver. I gave you the story of your career. And you ran with a personal one. You're useless to me now, you... I cannot look at you. I can't... You're no longer an asset. (COUGHING) It's you. I'm your Brightstone. What? You put me on that list. Clarence? You put me on that list, like Darrall put Ruth. "There's a Soviet agent working within the BBC, Freddie." That's why you burnt the cigarette paper. In case they traced it back to you. It's not me they're watching, is it? It's you. That click on the telephone? It's not us they're listening to, it's you. - Tell me the truth! - Freddie... Are you the Soviet agent working within the BBC? No comment. Perhaps I might rephrase that. My apologies. In June, a respected academic and Soviet spy, Peter Darrall, was murdered in London. Unfortunately, he was unable to do his drop that day to inform his, what? Colleague? Associate? --You that he'd been rumbled and that perhaps it'd be better if he revert to Brightstone, find himself a new agent. Did you have anyone particular in mind? Perhaps me? Mr Fendley, I must ask you to reply. The nation is waiting. There was a time, Freddie, when... When a man had to find other ways to defy his government. This was mine. My God, Clarence! Join the bloody British Communist Party if you will, raise a bloody flag if you must, but to spy? Why? Did you not see what Russia has just done in Hungary? That pass you by? Clarence! I don't know why they don't suspect us more, us journalists. We're thrust into world events, life-changing events. And they expect us not to be changed. Well, it changed me. It changed my view of the world. Suddenly it all... Suddenly it all made sense. But to betray your country? Was there really no better way? To defend what I believed in? I didn't think so. Not until these last few months, not until now. Not until this programme. Hope at the last hour. You're a spy. What do I do now? What any good journalist would do, you... You run it. Tell the world what I am. - For Ruth. - BEL: Freddie? Is... Is everything... I must go home, to...to Edith. Goodnight. Freddie? You all right? Do you trust me? - What? - Would I betray you? No. Yes. Big betrayal or small betrayal? I'd never betray you. - No. - I'm a good person. Yes. Do you trust me? More than anyone else. Not good enough. Missed the mark again. I hate you. I hate you. (CHUCKLES) I hate you, too. FREDDIE: Come on. We've got a story to write. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 