The Unremarkable Juanquini: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Unremarkable Juanquini 
 s1e3 - Extradition - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Unremarkable Juanquini (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Extradition - full transcript 
 When a U.S. federal agent shows up to extradite Juanquini, the local authorities - and Juanquini's family - have decisions to make. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES No more complaining. Go to school now, guys! Come here, darling. Why? I don't understand why we have to go and waste our time while this family is falling apart. This family is not falling apart, and going to school isn't a waste of time! Bullshit. Dad must think that we are all working to collect the money for his defense. Wait a minute, your dad will be happier if you go to school and do your duties. So, I'll stay and tidy this up, but please go to school - because I don't want... - No! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 No, come on! If not, you may not be allowed to go in. Come on! Take your bag. Come on! Come on! Bullshit. Come on, guys. Now what did they leave behind? Please, guys, come on. Mrs. Bocanegra. Mr. Quiroz. Good morning. If you want, I can order a coffee for you guys. Quiroz is with the magician's wife. Oh, my, that's so inconvenient. Then you're right, Captain. Morales isn't the "light being" he says he is. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What's that? Oh, my! - She's quite hot, isn't she? - No. Too skinny for my taste. Please let me show you our facilities... González, to my office. Oh, my God. Give me a break. The bosses are fed up of doing things nicely. Where is Orduz? Speak up, or I'll bash your face in. I am the one who is fed up. I've been too patient, but you guys will make me get tough. Leave me alone, or else... I'll turn you into a frog. Is that the scourer? I didn't know that you were also in that business. Yes, my daughter wants to start a business to sell it in the US. Very interesting. Mr. Quiroz, can we get to the point once and for all? We really appreciate what your husband did the day... You know exactly what your husband did and when. We want to help and make sure you have all you need while the case gets solved. And by the way, we are already working on that. Really? In return for what? It's simple. We only need you to tell us exactly where your husband sent the great Ñato Orduz. You know perfectly well that we have no idea. If you're so worried, tell the police my husband had nothing to do with it. The point is that he actually had a lot to do with it. Look, I'm trying to solve this in the most civilized way. But you are not giving me any scope for action. I wouldn't like to end up using... more extreme methods... in order to force your husband to tell us exactly what we need him to tell us. Are you threatening me? How dare you come and threaten me in my own house? Get out of here! Or I'll beat you with a scourer! UNKNOWN Hello? Mr. Lawyer Quiroz? How are you? Where are you, boss? Help! Hey, answer, it could be important! Hello? Change of plans. Don't touch the magician. I'm going to pass out. Let me introduce you to the agent sent by the US Department of State to help us in the case of Ñato Orduz. How is she going to help us? Firstly, it is top priority to prevent an information leak about Capo's escape thanks to a piñata magician's act, which anyone would find ridiculous and inconceivable. Look, girl, things are not as black and white as you say. Then we'll need to write a report explaining to the media what's happening. A report which should not agree with what has really happened. Are we going to lie? Secondly, the US government has great doubts about the abilities of this country's policemen, especially in this complex case. I have already checked all the documents, and to sum up, the government intends to take the magician to the US. There, we would surely be able to get information that you couldn't get. So, they are going to extradite our man? Give or take a few words, yes, to extradite him. Nice. Very well, Miss Morales. I loved your essay. Thank you very much, miss, anytime. Great job. Of course, I assume you did it on your own. Of course, you said it was an individual assignment. Right? - Yes. - Yes. Right, guys? I know I said it was an individual assignment. So, as your essay is so good, could you please answer a few questions? - Sure, why not? - Great, so, for example, could you tell us in which book by García Márquez is Macondo mentioned for the first time? Macondo? Macondo. Gabriel García Márquez. Well, miss, I'll tell you the truth. I didn't write that essay. I paid for it. And I know you're wondering why, so let me explain it to you. Look, miss, today we have a very important thing called capitalism, do you get it? And overproduction. And today, we need to know very well where we are in the pyramid. Here at the top, it's me, Mónica. You know why? Because I'm a goods manufacturer and a service consumer. For example, that document you have over there was a service I paid for. Because it's useless for a businesswoman like me to know about Márquez or Macondo. You can't get any money from that. Yes, very interesting theory. I think Mr. Principal will also enjoy it. But I was thinking that you have not only paid for a service, but also committed fraud. And fraud in this school is punished with expulsion. What's up, Captain? Isn't it difficult to forget those legs? Oh, my, this Colombian with a Japanese face. She thinks working with gringos makes her an American. - I think she's pretty. - No. - You know what I can't stand? - What? These people come here boasting as if we were slaves. They need a lesson. And why not, boss? Life is not all about work. I won't waste my time on that. So? - Any news? - Yes. - The magician's wife is in the prison. - Good. - She should talk to me first. - Yes, sir. Perfect. Too skinny. - So? - The principal suspended me for one week. I don't understand why you said all that if I wrote your assignment for free. Well, for this one reason. I want to be expelled from this prison. You know my opinion about school. Now that we do business with gringos, why should I come to school? To waste my time with literature? Can you imagine your mom's reaction? Prepare yourself for a sermon. I don't care at all, you know. And I haven't told you that I spoke to the multinational. And they told me they want to link us to their office in Madrid in order to internationalize our business. - Madrid? - Yes! And I realized we can't continue wasting time with Colombian businessmen. It's time to think about foreigners. Very well, dear, if you say so. What is it? Hello? Yes, this is she. Why? What? - What happened? - Okay, I'll be there. What happened, dear? My brother the psycho is also in trouble, and I think he'll also get suspended. Sorry, miss. Wait for me! How are you? Fine, I'm fine. I'm fine. I brought you some things. Look, some clothes. And take this, so that you can make some juice in the morning. The Book of the Great Disappearances. What happened? What? The Book of the Great Disappearances, that's why I'm here! Take the anti-stress balls. Relax. And look, St. Juan Bosco. And the novena. Father and teacher of the world's magicians. Thank you, my dear. Thank you. How are you guys doing? - Fine? - Very well, yes, we're also very well. The kids wanted to come, but I said they'd better go to school. Yes, that's much better. No, we shouldn't cry. My dear, we shouldn't cry. Everything's going to be fine. I'm innocent. Look at me. Please, look at me. I'm innocent. Justice must arrive, it must arrive! I've been talking with Ñato's lawyer. Okay, I can imagine what will happen. Because he also talked with me. But I've been thinking, as long as they continue believing that I know where their boss, Ñato, is, they won't do anything to us. We have another problem. Which one? Before coming here, I talked with Captain González. That asshole! - He said something I didn't like. - What did he say? A policewoman from the US arrived this morning. They want to extradite you. You destroyed all in me when you left And you took all my hope in life You condemned me to live in sorrow And there are only memories left And agony in my soul What a pain You left me in sorrow So, my brother is pining after old Miss Estela? So it seems, my dear. But that lady is an old woman. Yes, but there is no... Yes, it's awful, awful. Slit my wrists Nothing to lose Estela You destroyed All in me - I want a coffee. - Yes. González. Good to see you guys. I was told you were with the prisoner. - Is there any problem? - No, I see no problem. What's the problem? From now on, I would like you to inform me of everything related to the case. That's a problem. You must be kidding. - I want to talk with Morales. - No. No, we would need to get permission from the district attorney's office. Yes, bureaucracy. Permission you don't even have, because the office is not up-to-date. Or am I wrong? I will make this clear, Captain. I am not here because I want to be. I am here due to your ineptitude to handle the case. I know bureaucrat policemen, stuck to their positions. Like you two. And believe me, I am used to dealing with them. And they don't keep me awake. Well, it's not the first time I worked with presumptuous policemen, arrogant like you. That doesn't keep me awake, either. Well, good to know where we stand. That will save us time and energy. I'll talk with Morales. - Do I follow you? - No. I need to speak with him alone. Captain. Captain. What? What happened to you? You look as if you've seen a ghost. No way. I'm so fed up of that bag of bones. - Coffee or what? - Coffee. The US government is prepared to give you and your family new identities, a comfortable life for you all. The only thing I need is any information that could help me capture Ñato. It's an offer I won't hold for long. And keep this in mind. Your extradition order has already been applied for. It will be ready within 24 hours. You choose your way. Sweetheart. Let's think. Hey, guys. How are you, Mom? How's Dad? Well, he's fine, but we need to talk. What a coincidence, because we also need to talk with you. There is good news and bad news. What would you like to hear first? What happened? Come on. We got suspended from school. - But... - But that's bad news. The good thing is, I'll have more time to focus on business and get the money for Dad's defense. I agree with Moni. And I'll have the perfect time to create, time to provide for this family thanks to my musical hits, Mom. And I will have real time, time to work through the pain Estela left me in. I have even spoken to Samu, and I will help him with the production of his songs, just like you wanted. Okay. You don't have the faintest idea about the problems we are going through. Don't you understand how serious things are? - But, Mom... - No, don't "Mom" me, Mónica! I really need you to forget all these fantasies and start studying! Tomorrow, I want to see you get accepted again at school. And pass your school year! - But what about our business? - Forget about that business and all that! I need you to study, and once I see you're doing well, then we can talk about business. No, Mom, I can't go back to school. This pain is killing me. Estela is there. You're such a brat, Samuel! You can't always be doing anything for everyone you meet. And considering you don't give a shit about what's happening to your dad, you're more a problem than a solution, from now on you'll do what I say! Got it? All this is on Agent Smith, she wants you to be monitored 24/7. And the worst part is that you won't be able to leave your cell. Those Americans are tough. And not a bit tough, but really tough. They want no surprises. Like you disappearing, let alone being taken up there. And that place is not nice. Not nice at all. And in winter? In winter it's cold, freezing, icy. Look, if you were smart, you clown, you'd talk to me, and tell me some things. Here is much easier, I can guarantee it. Up there, you'll be confined to a two-by-two cell. You know how often you'll be able to see your family? Never. All right. I'll leave you with this to reflect on. Think about it. Then you'll tell me about it. Consider it, call me, and I'll come. Put yourself on the right side of the story, my friend. Cold. Freezing. Icy. Mom. Can we talk? What's happened now? You're right, and we're very ashamed of ourselves. Come here. Come here. Forgive us. You should forgive me. I was so hard on you, - but these days haven't been easy for me. - We know that. - Okay? - I know. Don't worry. Friends again? Friends again. Always friends. Are you going to let me continue with my business? - Mónica. - Mónica! You're planning all this as a strategy for your business. - You're driving me crazy. And you, too. - No. No, Mrs. Margot, I was kidding. Oh, guys. I need to talk to you guys, because one reason why I was worried was... it turns out.. that they want to extradite your dad to the US. Really? No. Yes. We are looking at some options that are being considered, but he wants this to be a family decision. No. - Why? - No. My little children. We have to remain strong, my children. We have to remain strong. Have you made a decision? I won't be able to help you. Neither you, the US government, my government, nor anybody, because as I said, I have nothing to do with that man's disappearance. - Nothing to do. - Nothing to do. And I told Captain González. And I told the lawyer I hired, who wanted me to plead guilty. - And I told Ñato's lawyer, didn't I? - Yes. Because he wanted to set me free at all costs. - He wanted to set him free. - He wanted to set me free. And I'll tell you again, I don't have any useful information for you, - because it was an accident. - An accident. I already spoke to my family and told them that I won't be able to help you anymore, because I don't know anything else. Do whatever you must do. Whatever you must do. We can't let them take him. They are violating our sovereignty. They are ignoring our laws. That man doesn't even have a lawsuit in Colombia. The order is already signed by the president, González, so accept it. How ignorant of the president! He doesn't give a shit about the Constitution. The gringos went a bit radical about this. Actually, they let their support against drug trafficking depend on our decision. And I don't think the Constitution will be of any help here. I can't believe that man is so important for Americans. González, there are two options. Either Morales, while abroad and due to the pressures he may have, or the offers he may get, cracks and tells them where Ñato Orduz is, or the gringos realize that the guy can actually make people disappear with his powers, which would be a very powerful weapon for any government. Or a third option: the guy is telling the truth, and he knows nothing. Well, that being the case, the guy is fucked. So start accepting the facts, because that's all we can do. Excuse me, Major. Oh, how shitty Is this life I really don't want to live anymore Life sucks What a nice song, Sami, I mean it. It's a tribute to you, Dad. It's the most beautiful thing I've ever heard. I love you very much, too. Okay, let's stop the melodrama. Nothing is going to happen to me. Come here, my loves. Come here. Come here. Come here, Sami. Someday, very soon, we will be laughing at this moment. Take care, please. All of you, take care of each other. And do as your mother says. Be strong. Be strong at school. Give me some good news when I come back. - You're coming back? - Of course. Of course I'll come back. I have St. Juan Bosco with me. Father and teacher of the world's magicians. I love you so much. - I love you with all my heart, Juan. - I know. Justice will help us, you'll see. And we'll be together very soon. Come on. Dad. I'm very proud of you. Agent Smith! ARMY OF COLOMBIA - This way. - Come on, come on. Subtitle translation by Claudia Massa 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 