Beverly Hills, 90210: Season 5, Episode 29 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beverly Hills, 90210 
 s5e29 - The Real McCoy - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beverly Hills, 90210 (1990–2000): Season 5, Episode 29 - The Real McCoy - full transcript 
 Hypnotic regression leads Dylan to a past life where he is Billy McCoy, a gun-slinging outlaw in the Wild West, until he meets an upper-class woman (in the form of Kelly) to redeem his outlaw ways. Meanwhile in the real world, while Kelly goes to New York with Steve to meet with modeling agencies, Valerie turns her sights on Brandon who is hoping to be re-elected student body president. But Brandon runs into all kinds of problems when news of college tuition for undergraduates will be increased, he is criticized for not looking after the students best interests. As a result, Brandon's political rival, Alex Diaz, enters the race as a new candidate and wins by a landslide. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 All right, people, if there's no new business, l'd like to call for a motion to adjourn. Mr. President, l have a motion, but as usual, it's not the one you're calling for. l can always count on you, Alex. Well, seeing that this is the last time you'll be chairing the student senate this semester, Janice and l wanted to do something to commemorate ''The Brandon Years.'' ''The Brandon Years''? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You ready, Janice? Before l start reading our proclamation, would someone tell them to bring in the cake? ''Whereas Brandon Walsh was never officially elected ''President of California University, ''and survived a constitutional challenge ''to his presidency to become an effective leader and dedicated advocate ''for student rights, ''we, the elected representatives of the Student Senate, ''by unanimous consent, would like to thank him ''for a job well done, as well as ''urge him to run for another term as President of California University.'' 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Hear! Hear! Wow, uh, thank you. This is, uh, totally unexpected and totally bogus. Thank you all for being here. lt's been. uh... lt's been an incredible year. lt started out kind of rocky, but somehow we managed to get through it, didn't we? He's got a lot of poise. Very impressive. And after this meeting, l'm afraid l'm going to have to head right over to the University Hospital to get my head examined, because who else but someone with extreme masochistic tendencies would announce that he's willing to give this another shot if you guys are. Way to go, Bran! So, l don't really know what else to say except, let 'em eat cake. Kelly, would you do the honors? Don't mind me, l'm just the little woman behind the man. Like Lorena. Go. How tight do you think those two really are? Valerie! l was just wondering. That's all. So, whatever you need, whatever we can do for you... Thanks, David, but l'm actually planning on running a pretty low-key campaign this time around. That's probably 'cause you're practically running unopposed. Of course, that was factored into the equation. You know , l love it when you talk political science. Better go get Kelly over here. Mm. l almost faxed Hibler a memo, asking if l should be worried about my career or not. lt was only one meeting. Yeah. One meeting the Partners Council had without me. lf that's not a sign, l don't know what is. -l have no idea. -Yeah. -Hey, how you doing, Mr. President? -Presidente. Hey, guys. You know, l think l'm speaking for practically everyone when l say that we're very glad that you blew off your clerkship in Boise. -Well, thank you. -You get no arguments from me. So, what are you going to do? Well, right now we're just keeping our options open. l'm fielding a few offers from back east, but we'll probably end up here in town. You know, l talked to an old friend of yours today on the lnternet. -Really? Who? -Jordan Bonner. No way, you're kidding! ls this an old flame, or...? More like a flicker. So, he tells me today, that he is now the editor of the ''Yale Daily News.'' Ah, a fellow homeboy. You know, l always forget that you were a Yalie. Yep. Did four years in New Haven. Lived to tell about it, too. Anyway, Jordan says that he's still kicking himself for being too sick to take you to the prom, but he's never forgiven you for not going to school back there. Well, next time you talk to him, you tell him to get over it, because l have. l will. Talk to you later, guys. Brandon. Getting a little overt, aren't we, Valerie? Boy, Val, you're losing your touch. At least with Ray and Donna, you snuck around, you were a little more subtle. ls that what you told her l did? No, l just told her to watch her back. Always a pleasure, guys. -Absolutely. -Hmm. You can't have a campaign without a campaign manager. Or a First Lady. Just say the word, we'll cancel the trip. Guys, go to New York, have a great time, meet all the people in the fashion business you need to meet. Just be back in time for the victory party. -You're the best. -You're the best. Don't let any of those guys hit on her. You got it. So, what time is your flight tonight? We're taking the red-eye. Well, don't worry. l'll take good care of your guy while you're gone. ls that your way of telling me you're going to make a move on Brandon? l'm talking about Dylan. He's the one you dream about, isn't he? Well, if it isn't my favorite screenwriter. Valerie! What's happening, girl? Nothing, just a picnic in the park. -Oh, sounds delicious. Let's go. -Oh! Sorry, Charley Tuna. Where's Dylan? Uh, Dylan, Dylan? No, that name doesn't ring a bell with me. Come on, what's going on in there? Look, he's really just kind of getting into something right now. He's with that hypnotist, isn't he? What do you say we check on him a little later, okay? Everything is becoming very clear, very familiar. Just what you'd expect from a place where you've been before. Breathe deep, take your time. You're beginning now to become aware of your surroundings. Good, good. Look down at your feet. Tell me what you see. l see boots. What kind of boots? Cowboy boots with spurs. And what do you hear? l hear guns. Yee-ha! l hear horses. All right, keep your family heirlooms in the family. All l want is your money. l do mean all of it, and l want everything that belongs to Mr. Wells and Mr. Fargo. Thank you kindly, sir. You're not in the least bit welcome, Billy McCoy. Aw, l'm afraid you got me mistaken with another character. Oh, no. Everyone in this territory knows who you are, Billy, and how big that price is on your head. Gun or no gun, justice will be served. See that, you see what you've done?! You done upset this pretty little thing over here, and you got me all riled up. You got nothing to be afraid of, sugar. l would never harm a hair on the head of anything as fetching and sweet-smelling as yourself. Geez, Zeke, why don't you give the troops a little warning next time! You're so busy sweet-talking, l might as well be by myself here. Will you cover me while l load up? Thank you. Lord have mercy, we have hit the mother lode. Send a wire to old Jeff Davis, tell him the stars and bars are back in business. Ow! Oh, now see, was that worth losing your hand for, to protect somebody else's money? l could've aimed higher and put you in a grave, mister. Next time... if there's a next time, there just won't be a next time. Hey, let's ride! Come on. Come on. Hyah! Hyah! And so begins the legend, the legend of Billy McCoy. A runaway, fresh off the farm from Cody County. A kid with a quick draw, a quick temper and an understanding that someday he'll probably die, with a bullet in his back. Before we go in there, l know you're trying to build a reputation, but if it was me, l'd keep it in my holster. Well, you just don't cheat at cards, Huckleberry. l've never cheated at cards in my entire life. Take my heart and take my ring l give my all to thee Take me for eternity... From Fort Atkinson all the way down south to Abilene, there wasn't a saloon he hadn't drunk at, or a heart he hadn't broken. Aura Lee! Not to mention all the local gunslingers just dying to prove that they could outshoot the fastest gun in the West. Maid of golden hair Sunshine came along with thee And swallows in the air Take my heart And take my ring l give my all to thee Take me... Zeke! Get down! What's happening, Billy? What are you seeing? Tell me what you're seeing. lt's a mess. lt's a bloody mess. l'm bleeding. Come on, son, we gotta go. Come on, let's go. You wanted to be an outlaw, kid-- you got what you wanted in spades. Can you ride? Hell, Zeke, they shot me, not my horse. lf you weren't so quick on that trigger, l'd shoot you myself and give the reward to the Comanches. Aw, l'll be back. l'll be here. You're smiling. Well, it's not every day you get to reinvent yourself. ln a cavern ln a canyon Excavating for a mine -Dwell a miner, forty-niner -Word spread pretty quickly. -And his daughter -ln every town they knew -Clementine -the outlaw Billy McCoy. -Oh, my darling -Him and his gang. -Oh, my darling -Had his favorite whiskey. -Oh, my darling, Clementine -Had his favorite girl. -You are lost and gone forever -Her name was Dixie. -Dreadful sorry, Clementine -At least that's what she said. Didn't matter what they called her, -She drove ducklings -she was beautiful. To the water every morning... l sing for them, but... l save it for you. Yeah, well, save it for someone else. You're the only one who matters, Billy. You're the real McCoy. Molly... l'm looking down at the street, and l see the girl from the stagecoach. lt's Kelly Taylor. All right, all right. Hold on to that image, Dylan, and breathe through it... and let it take you wherever it's gonna go. Nat, how am l supposed to put up a campaign poster in here if l'm not having any this time around? l don't know, Brandon. You're the candidate, not me. All right, look, if it's any consolation, Valerie's insisting l have the victory party at the After Dark-- that is, of course, assuming that l get reelected. You know something, Brandon? l hate it when you're humble. -Whew! -Wha...? Nat! What'd l say? What's your problem? l guess l never realized that this regression therapy stuff is so heavy. Oh, hell, yes. She takes you back in time, Valerie. The past comes alive right inside your head. Well, l guess when you're not involved, it just seems so... out there. l'll tell you something, even if this is all just a total load of B.S., when you're going through it, it's the real deal. Come on, now, Billy, don't lose your focus. l mean, it's like every Western movie you've ever seen, only this isn't the Ponderosa, it's something completely different. Make it quick, boys. Let's go! You traveling with an army now, McCoy? Can't pull all those big jobs by yourself anymore? All that rotgut finally get to you? Who in the hell are you? You don't recognize me? Well, maybe you'll recognize this. l do that? Maybe this time l ought to put you out of your misery. Without those guns, you ain't half a man. Keep talking-- it's your funeral, square head. He ain't worth it, kid. He ain't worth the blood, -he ain't worth the effort. -Don't move. Ace, are we getting all the gold in the world? All the silver, too. That's my money. Excuse the inconvenience, ladies and gentlemen. Please, give my best to Mr. Wells -and Mr. Fargo. -Take that, you scoundrel! What the hell?! Why'd he do that? lt don't matter. Let's ride, people! Let's go! Go! Go! Go! That's right. Pay him no mind! He was only a family man with little children! He ain't worth nothin'-- just another notch on the belt of the legendary Billy McCoy! Come on downstairs, honey. Everyone's asking for you. Zeke says that hayseed should've never drawn on you. He says you had no choice. l had a choice. You always have a choice. Stay with me tonight, Billy. Hey, McCoy! McCoy, look what we got here. We got us a Cheyenne! You sure he's not a Comanche? l want to get me a Comanche. He's no Comanche-- but he's a good dancer. Are you okay? l think so. Can you describe what you're seeing? l'm in an lndian sweat lodge with Brandon Walsh. -Do you know why you're there? -Yeah, l do. l said it's enough! You'd do this for an lndian? l'd do it for a man. Did you ever think it'd come to this? You speak any English? Hell, it don't matter. Take his arm, now. We gotcha now. Come along with us. We'll get you something to eat. They would've killed him if you hadn't come along. There's been enough killing. A sentiment l hold dear but wouldn't have expected to hear from an outlaw. Hey, l've seen you before. Yeah. You were on that stage from Abilene. Had your head buried in your mama's lap. That was a long time ago. Yes, it was. Do you think a person could change? With all my heart. Do you think l could change? l pray that you can. Otherwise, it would be a tragic waste of a life to spend your time on this earth in a haze of alcohol and gunpowder. And as he looked in her soft blue eyes, he knew right then and there that his days as an outlaw were over, and that the next phase of his life was about to begin. There were lots of lazy picnics by the pond that summer, where she would read to him from the Scriptures and fill his heart with hope... and eventually, love. But as to be expected, not everyone was pleased with the change that had taken place. Where you been, kid? Around. Anywhere but here. What is this, an ambush? There's a train left Lockaloma County yesterday. We were gonna ride out and greet it. Or did you forget that? Timing ain't right. Timing got nothing to do with it, McCoy. We want to know-- are you in or out? lf you need me, l'll be there. Then it's settled. But Dixie knew that, in fact, nothing was settled and that everything that ever mattered didn't matter no more. All right, boys, let's go rob a train. Hyah! Hyah! And by the time Zeke and the boys rode off to greet that train, she and Billy were 30 miles north, headed in the opposite direction to start a new life... together. ls it safe? Yeah. Molly left about a half hour ago. Look who l picked up along the way. So, how was your regression? Was it, like, a cosmic experience? l'd really rather not go into it right now. Come on, Dylan. Give me a little tidbit from the highlight reel to whet my appetite. Look, you want to know what happened?! You really want to know what happened?! l found out something, l found out l was going straight to hell till Kelly Taylor came into the picture, okay? So you and Kelly have... like, a seminal link? Molly said it's as strong as anything she's ever channeled. Oh, far out! What does this ''seminal link'' mean? lt means that Dylan and Kelly are soul mates, for life. So finally l pulled Bender aside, and asked him point-blank why am l not in the loop. Well, what did he say? He said some questions are better left unanswered. Hey, guys. How's it going? -Hey. -Hi, honey. So, how's life on the campaign trail? Not too terrible-- the editorial board at ''The Condor'' endorsed my candidacy today. Hey, congratulations. Six months ago, they demanded my resignation. Now they want to be best friends. Everybody loves a winner. Ain't it the truth? Well, after l get the ax, maybe Brandon can help me get a job teaching at the business school. Uh, come in! You okay? Yeah. Good. Hey, Brandon. Do you think you have a soul mate? You mean, like... in the universe? Yeah. What l want to know is... do you think Kelly is like your soul mate for life? How much incense you been burning up here? Come on. l'm serious. Well, l'm not planning on going out and getting married tomorrow, but l do see a future there, yeah. Why can't they all be like you? All who? The guys l know. Like, uh, Charley the screenwriter? l saw you two at the Peach Pit today. And you didn't say hello? l'm insulted. Well, you seemed very verbally entangled. And l'm sure Kelly told you to keep your distance, right? She may have mentioned something. Let's face it, Kelly's not going to be satisfied until she has the whole clique against me. And you know why, right? When l moved here, before l knew you guys were together... l confided in her and told her that by the end of the year, my goal was to have you look at me and not think of your sister. Well, l think we're way past that point, Val. Except for my first night in Beverly Hills when we were talking in the bathroom, do you realize that we've never touched each other? Not even once. Sure we have. Haven't we? We've never even grazed an elbow or slapped a high five or put a head on each other's shoulder. So you have a burning desire to put your head on my shoulder? l just hope Kelly appreciates what she has. So do l. Come here. Clare, David, are you decent? Not particularly. Come in. So, you guys up for some sushi? Yeah, l can go for some tobico with quail egg. And l thought for dessert, we'd do some rock-and-roll bowling. Yuki's? Whoki's? Yuki's Bowl-a-rama. We used to go there all the time last year. lt's this place downtown. lt's awesome. Yeah, and Ray hasn't been there either, so... Hey. And l must warn you, Ray is a ringer. He even knows his bowling average. Wait, wait a second. What time's Betsy's surprise party? ls that tonight? Oh, my, we are so late! Come on. We gotta go. l'm sorry, Don. l forgot, totally. Well, maybe we can hook up after the party. Oh, knowing Betsy, it's probably gonna be pretty late, so... Maybe you can leave early? Look, if they're busy, they're busy. Okay, but l'm disappointed. Sorry. So... this Betsy chick, she's not really having a party, is she? Couldn't tell you. l don't really know anyone by the name of Betsy. How's Valerie doing, Ray? l wouldn't know, Clare. Good. Keep it that way. Hello, hello, hello. Yeah, hello. ls this New York City? Yes, it is. l knew l was gonna hear from you today. What are you, a psychic? You've been on my mind all day. Well, that's encouraging since l haven't been able to get you out of my thoughts either. l don't know what it is, but something about New York reminds me of you. Must be a sign. Yeah, that l am in desperate need of sleep. Or maybe it's a deja vu. Yes, that must be what it is. l'm sorry. l'm just so wiped out, l'm getting slaphappy. Oh, can you hold on a second? Hey, if you want to meet up with those agency people, we gotta jam. Yeah, l'm just on the phone to L.A. Let me get off. lf that's Brandon, give him my regards, okay? Look, l don't care what time it is, when you get back in, you gotta call me, okay? l will. l promise. Bye. Okay. Kel? You know, all semester, when l'd order a latte, l'd fret about where l was gonna find a good cup of coffee in Boise. All that fretting for naught, eh? You know, the irony is, l actually started getting excited about the prospect of leaving L.A., which we still might do. Who knows? Ah, whatever we do, we'll do it together. Doing what together? Living life. You know, l think l might start doing that if l get out of this election in one piece. Please. You haven't even broken a sweat yet. You know, in about two minutes, l'm gonna do a live interview with Walter Chen, and just for you, l'm gonna make sure that l start perspiring. Oh, you'd do that for me? What a guy. What can l tell you? l'm a saint. Hey, where are you going with my latte? Your son is too much. Do you really think he has this election in the bag? For Brandon to lose, it would take a twist of cataclysmic proportion. How you doing, guys? Good to see you. Well, if it isn't my favorite volunteer stage manager. Be careful, all right? Something major's going on. What do you mean ''something major''? All l know is someone sent Walter a fax from Sacramento. Ever since, he's been running around like a mix of Ted Koppel and Wendy Tokuda, all right? Welcome to ''CU Later,'' Brandon. lt's good to have you back. Thank you, Walter. lt's good to be back. Brandon, are you aware that the University Board of Trustees is convening this morning to announce that tuition for undergraduates will be raised by 15%% next semester? Dean, the tuition increase was supposed to be a worst-case scenario, a last resort after the Board of Trustees exhausted all other ways of raising revenue. Look, Brandon, everyone from the chancellor on down got screwed over on this one, but we're dealing with a legislature that's determined to reduce the size of government, and all of us are just going to have to learn to tighten our belts for a while. But the election is tomorrow. Brandon, no one in their right mind would hold you accountable for these tuition increases. This tuition hike is a rip-off, a scam brought to you courtesy of the Board of Trustees. l just want to know one thing... Brandon, if you knew an increase was in the offing, you should've gone public. You should've raised hell. l never thought they'd do it. Well, they did it, and you blew it because emotions are running high and the chances of any incumbent getting reelected at this point ain't great. Especially with Alex running as a write-in candidate. ls that official? lt's inevitable. Look at him. He won't even look me in the eye. He grins, while we bear it? l don't think so. Well, if it's any consolation, l'm still voting for you, Brandon. Thanks, Janice. Take care. All right, you, too. So, have you heard any good tuition jokes lately? Only the big one that's being played on me. Well, at least you're going out in style. Yeah, tarred and feathered. No, on a ruby red carpet at the Peach Pit After Dark. Valerie, you really don't have to... l promised you a night you'd remember, and l always keep my promises. Who knows? l may even get you on that dance floor. lf l win, l'll dance. Ooh! Well, then l'd better get out there and start stuffing those ballots. You'd do that for me? ln a New York minute. l love New York... the people, the energy. lt's so not L.A. Hey, don't knock L.A. lt's had enough bumps over the last two years. And somebody's a very popular young lady, l must say. Are those from the Palmer Agency? No. Dylan... Dylan... -Dylan? -Dylan... You got something going on with that guy again? l have no idea what's going on. Molly, you gotta help me here. l know you got a life, l know you have people and everything, but listen, l gotta get back to that moment, the exact moment when Kelly and l rode off into the sunset. Wait, Dylan, l don't even know if l can do that, and frankly, l just don't understand. l mean, what, what's all the urgency about this for? Look, you told me the woman is my soul mate, that we have some kind of seminal link, and l gotta tell you, the final images l had of my life... it doesn't jibe with the way l feel about myself or Kelly or anything. Okay, look, we can go back in time. We've done that, we know that, that's not the issue here. The issue here is... what are we looking for? Keep breathing, Dylan. lt'll all come back to you. You've been here before. Good. Keep breathing. Keep going deeper and deeper and deeper. Good. Where are you? lt's still the West, but it's not the same. How do you know that? Well, it's a Sunday, and l'm with my children. l'm coming out of a church, of all places. ls Kelly with you? Yeah, she is. l was just telling Reverend Parsons how much you enjoyed his sermon. Yes. Well, ''Without redemption, we are all but wolves howling at the gates of the kingdom of the Lord.'' Jedadiah loves the Good Book. Perhaps, one of these Sundays, we might bring him up to the pulpit. Well, l'm afraid that's a bit unlikely, Reverend. Not as unlikely as he may think. Marshall Southwith, Mrs. Southwith. Good day, Reverend. Mrs. Addison asked for our company at supper tonight, and l accepted without realizing that both your deputies are out of town. How in God's name did he find you? Zeke always could follow a trail, even when it got cold. Jedadiah, you tell him to keep on riding. You tell him he's not wanted in this town. Take the young'uns home. Come on, boys. Zeke. -Hello, Billy. -lt's been a long time -since anybody called me that. -That's right. They call you Marshall now, don't they? l'm not wearing a gun anymore. l didn't come this far to fight with you, kid. l came here 'cause Dixie's in trouble. What kind of trouble? The kind where they put a noose around your neck. What's the charge? Don't matter. Only thing she was ever guilty of, other than being born a half-breed, was not sleeping with the right men. And not giving them the deed to her saloon. Dixie begged me to let you be, kid, but l told her l had a hunch that, uh, we could still count on you. l don't begrudge you for doing what you can to right a wrong, but these people from your past, they never met the man l love. They've never seen you with your sons. Promise me this isn't the last time you'll hold me. lt won't be the last time. l promise. And, as he rode away that day, both of them were keenly aware that this could be the last time they would ever see each other. Line up, everybody! The circus is in town! Line up! Line up! Galloping out of town with bullets whizzing by, l didn't hardly realize that everything had finally come full circle. Here you go, ma'am. San Francisco, huh? Where the railroad ends and life begins. Yeah, well, l guess if a dirty rotten scoundrel like Billy McCoy can get a fresh start, anybody can. Spoken like a church deacon. No, l'm just a simple family man trying to do the best l can. Last train out of Redemption City will be leaving... l can't take your money, Billy. lt's just my way of saying good luck and God bless. ...Flagstaff, Reno and San Francisco can now board the train. lf you and the missus ever get out to California, come and see me, yeah? Good-bye, Dixie. He killed my daddy! He killed my daddy! l just shot the man that killed my daddy! Whoo! -Molly? -Yes, Dylan? What is Brandon Walsh doing at this guy's funeral? Are you sure it was Brandon? Yes. l'm sure it was Brandon... and Donna... And Kelly? What the hell is going on here, Molly? lt's probably nothing. Probably nothing, but possibly something? Look, there's one thing you have to understand here, Dylan. Theoretically, time is elastic. -So...? -So, theoretically, there's not that much difference between a regression and a premonition. Are you saying that l left my past life, somehow jumped ahead to the future to my own funeral? Theoretically, yes, it's possible, but the truth is, l don't know... l don't know. When l was a kid, my mom, she drug me to this palm reader. She said l didn't have a very long lifeline. That l needed to make the best use of whatever time l had here. l never thought about it much until now. Some wild and crazy victory party this turned out to be, huh? l feel so badly for you. Why? Just 'cause l got trounced two-to-one by a write-in candidate? No. Because the write-in candidate was Alex Diaz. Aw, look on the bright side. Alex has to deal with the tuition, not me. Do you want to dance? Clare, l lost an election, not my mind. Great food as always, Mr. Bussichio. Thank you, sir. Well, you look rather bummed. Well, l really wanted you to win. l got news for you. So did l. Like father, like son. Jim. No, l'm serious. l came this close to submitting my resignation today. Hey, did you guys try the cannolis? -They are delicious. -Uh... Honey, l think we'd better go home. Your father has a miserable headache. -Sorry. -Oh. Come on. l'll walk you guys out, huh? Thanks, kid. Hey, guys. -See ya. -Take care. Oh, poor Brandon. Aw, come on. A little humble pie never hurt anybody. Listen to you. What a sweetheart! Hey. You wouldn't be saying that if you heard me negotiating on your behalf today. What do you mean, on my behalf? Well, it's my career, too. When they called and offered me a teaching position at the Yale Law School, l made it clear that your reacceptance as an undergraduate was a major deal point. You said that? With your scholarship reinstated. So what did they say? They said, thank you very much. Then they called back 15 minutes later and said it was a go. You mean Yale is an option? You're kidding! l can't believe that. After Dark. Yeah. Welcome back. Sure, he is. David! Tell Brandon it's Kelly. Hang on. lsn't it just like Kelly to call after the polls have closed. What's the difference? There is no difference. Hello. l'm sorry, honey. l'm so jet-lagged. l'm sorry about the election. l'm sorry l wasn't there for you tonight. But l love you, and l'll talk to you tomorrow. Okay. Night. Dylan. Hi. Hello, Kel. ls everything okay? Yeah. l've been thinking about you a lot, and... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 