How to Make It in America: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 How to Make It in America 
 s1e6 - Good Vintage - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 How to Make It in America (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Good Vintage - full transcript 
 Ben and Cam have a hard time finding enough vintage 50% cotton t-shirts to print Crisp's Japanese order of 300 on. Ben is too often on the phone and takes time off without permission, so he ends up fired from his clothes sales job, but gets the t-shirts by inadvertently seducing salesgirl Julie. After a hot night he can't remember due to his hang-over, Darren sweetly insists on driving her to her next appointment. Warned by his confessor, René confronts Flaco, knocks him down like in their school days but end sup believing he didn't steal the cash. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Sync by honeybunny www.addic7ed.com * I need a dollar dollar * - * a dollar, that's what I need * - * hey hey * * well, I need a dollar dollar * - * a dollar, that's what I need * - * hey hey * * said I need a dollar dollar * * a dollar, that's what I need * * and if I share with you my story * * would you share your dollar with me? * * well, I don't know if I'm walking on solid ground * * and all I want is * 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 * for someone to help me * * I need a dollar dollar * * a dollar, that's what I need * * and if I share with you my story * * would you share your dollar with me? * - ( rock music playing ) - ( elevator dings ) Just gotta make this quick, 'cause I'm gonna be late. ( doorbell rings ) ( lock clicks ) It's our first board meeting. And you catered. Come on. Cameron. Gentlemen, I may not have been born cool, But I was born with an instinct for business. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And my instinct is telling me that my 15% of crisp Is gonna pay dividends in the long term And get me laid in the short. Thanks so much for this, man. Seriously. - Yeah, no problem. That's definitely enough to cover the shirts? - Yes. - Hell yeah, kapo. You are the main mango, and we won't forget it. Co- uldn't have said it better, cam. Gentlemen, to our sons-- May they have hot mothers and rich fathers. - All right. - mm-hmm. I'm sorry, fellas. I've gotta cut this short, 'cause I'm running late for work. And I've got vintage t-shirts to track down. Oh, look at you two-- all business. As a board member, I gotta say I love it! Hey, and you're still doing that thing tonight, right? Hell yeah. A launch party for crisp. I've g aot sushi chef. I've gotar btenders. I've got a karaoke machine. I just need you two to bring some girls and a d.J. - We got you. - Later, man. Yo, guys, bring some of your homies too. You know, we'll make it an uptown-downtown thing. - Ben: L alright. But no dirtbags. I don't want anybody walking off With my murakamis. - All right, man. See you tonight. My man kapo is living kind of lovely. Ur mannce when is kap - why can't kapo be my man? - Don't get jealous. - Whatever. Now you promise All 300 vintage ts today? 'cause we still gotta dye 'em-- Dye and silkscreen 'em before haraki goes back to tokyo. I'm on it. - You're gon hit up goodwill - and salvation army. I'm all over it, all right? I'm out. - All right. - It was a crazy night, huh? - Yeah, it was. I barely remember anything after that fourth shot of patron. Really? - Did we have sex in the cab rideome? - No, we did not. - Oh. - Oh shit. - What? I have to be on a train in 15 minute - What? Where? - ( groans ) - Where are you going? - I have to go to danbury. There's this flaky carpenter that I have to deal with. - Shit! I'm late. This sucks. - Look. I'll drive you, rach. It's okay. I think there's an 11:15, so I'll be okay. No, I want to. It'll be fun-- a road trip. But what about the hotel and everything? They're stripping the floors or something today. I can miss it. Okay, that's it. I'm taking y.Ou We'll stop somewhere and have bloody marys-- A little hair of the dogha tt bit you. Okay. Ah. She's a beauty, isn't she? 240,000 square feet of retail possibilities. Hi, alex. See you inside in 43 seconds. ( phone beeping ) ( ringing ) - ( beeps ) - rene. Don't tell me they let you out, man. Yeah, bro. I've been home for a minute. Do you need a crate or two of papaya s? Nah, bro. I'm not into the papaya business no more. - I'm a vicilian now - so what's going on? Nah, bro. Iyour cousin flaco, man-- bhe stole from me And I'm reaching out before something real stupid happens. Flaco? - Yeah, that puneta has 100 large of mine, man. You gotta talk htoim, joe. For rea 100 large? Listen, rene, are you sure it's flaco? Because cmyousin sha changed his yswa too. As a matter of fact, he's even working with little kids. Beci'm positivein sha chanit was flaco.Too. Rene, don't stress thi we've known each other a long time, man. - Talk to your cousin. - ( beeps ) - Ben. - Yeah? Come here for a minute, please. These are the new p.R.P.S. Japan from african cotton. They go very nicel with the limited editi yohji yamamoto adidas. - Gotcha. - Alrighty. ( cell phone vibrating ) - Ben. - Yeah? Could you put your barney's tag on, please? Uh... Always. Got it. ( beeps ) - ( whispering ) what's up, man? Yo, dude, the two places I went to-- The 50/50s are almost all sold out. Are you serious? How many do you have? - I got like seven shirts. - Excuse me. Uh, one minute. Well, did you try the goodwill on hudson? There's a goodwill over there? Cam, it's the best in the city, man. A'ight. I'll hit you afte - ben: Okay. ( phone beeps ) Alex: On the phone and ignoring a customer? Are you high right now? Would it hel e, ben. Said yes? - That's not c - Not cute at al - okay. - Now go get him. - Yeah, I'm sorry. - Here you go. - Thank you. - You're welcome. - Damn, boss. What you order? That's egg whites, cottage cheese, Whole wheat toast and a little bit of melon. - Why'd you order that? - If I'm gonna be The north american c.E.O. , I gotta look the part. - All this fried shit-- that'll kill you. - ( phone ringing ) - I hear you - ( beeps ) - Tell me something good, joe. - I wish I could, rene, But flaco-- he don't wanna listen to reason. - Joe, I ain't playing, bro. - Don't get crazy, rene. What he say? He said, "tell him to meet me at 3:00, P.S. 163 schoolyard." Bro, is that where the pansy wants to meet me? In the schoolyard? What kind of shit is that? That's what he said. He said to also tell you That payback is a bitch. - What?! - Give the guy a break. - He's got a wife. He's got kids. - He's got a lot of things And some of those don't belong to him, bro. - Rene, li-- Yo, can you believe this fucking guy flaco, ma What's wrong with him? He wants to meet me at p.S. 163 schoolyard. Well, you did sucker-punch him there. - I sucker-punched him when? - 10th grade. Nah, bro. I didn't sucker-punch the man. I beat his ass fair and square. I was there, rene. You sucker-punched him. I'm gonna sucker-punch you in a minute if you keep that shit up, man. You know, I gotta find someone who knows something, man. He wants to fight. I don't fucking fight, bro. I shoot. That's right. ( soft rock music playing ) So... About last night, - Umm-- - it was good times, right? Do you seriously not remember anything? Yeah. I remember bits and pieces of it. You kissed a dude. Wha - Where? - On the mouth... At the club. - I was hoping that was a dream. The whole thing is so fuzzy to me. Honestly. Yeah, you did a lot of kissing last night. ( soft rock music plays ) Rachel, I ha never been so wast in my entire life. I went to brown and I've seen some pretty crazy shit, But I-- darren, honestly, I just didn't expect it from you. I am so sorry. I wanted to do something with you That would be special, but clearly it did not go as planned. So you're not bisexual? - No, I'm not. - You're not a swinger? No. ( chuckles ) You're not... Into animals? I like dogs But not in that wa ( chuckles ) Uh, yeah. Not sure about how they lay. - How they lay? - Yeah, how they lay. - ( cellhone vibrating ) - they gotta lay smoothly Or they ain't for the kid. - You get me? - Yeah. No, I got ya. Well, we just got these japanese jeans in from zimbabwe. No one's got them. I think you'll really like them. Zimbabwe isn't even in japan. Yeah, I know. That's what makes them so fresh, ma Now is the kid gonna debate me on geography or is e kid gonna try 'em on? Come on, they're gonna loo great with that wool shirt. I'll bring 'em right to you, all right? - ( phone beeps ) - Cam, you're killing me, man. - Cam: Killing you? I've been everywhere and I've only got a total of nine shirts. Are you sure you even know what you're looking for? I'm not an idiot, ben. 50% polyester, 50% cotton, vintage feel-- But all the 50/50s are sold out. No. No, that's impossible. - Can you tell my friend what you just told me? The vintage stores come in and buy up all our 50/50s quick fast. They do? - Uh-huh. They're very popular. - Here's your friend back. - ( whispers ) thanks. - See? I told you. - This is a nightmare. Just meet me at beacon's closet, okay? - ( door opens ) - hey, alex. I'm really sorry, but I'm having a personal emergency. I've got to run out for, like, an hour, okay? - What's the emergency? - I don't even have time to get into it. You can't get into it? Yeah. Can't we just call it my lunch break, man? No, not today. - What? I'll be less than an hour. Y- no. Look, ben, I--all it m- no, you look, alex. I'm sorry, but my numbers are great. Clients love me. Right now I just need to take an hour to handle something Very important, okay? You're either gonna understand or you're not, But I'm sorry- I'm walking out the door. Bless me, father, because I'm about to sin Why, rene? There's a man who's taken something that's mine. - Money? - Yeah. I need that money for my busines D,an besides, I ain't gonna let a punk like flaco steal from me. We're talking about flaco from the vladeck houses? - Yeah, that's the guy. - Ah. He's a punk. Well, how shouldabout flaco I handle this, father?Ses? I've got to meet this guy at 3:00. Ask for what's owed to you With kindness and compassion. D, rene, avoid vienolce at all cost. - Can you do that? - I can try. One last thing: How did you get the money? To be honest with you, father, I robbed it. That money was never yours to begin with. It felt like my money, father. God wants you to let go of your ill-gotten gains. Look, father, god knows I'll never take anything that's not mine again. Just this once I need that money back, you know? Look. I promise you and god That I'm gonna ask for it back nicely. This is perfect. Yeah, they've got tons of them. We just need them in black though. Hey, guy let mknow if you need any help. Hey-- what was your name? Julie. - Julie, you look familiar. Where are you from? - Brooklyn. - Brooklyn in the building, ben. Well, brooklyn by the way of west orange, new jersey. All right, the garden state - She's cute. - Yo, you seen these prices? It's like $30 apiece. We're gonna be losing money. It's not worth it. Let's talk to julie. Yo, julie. We need 300 vintage 50/50s but at $30 apiece, That number still seems kinda high, don't you think? Good vintage 50/50s are pretty hard to come by. What about a bulk-rate discount? I can ask my boss. Yeah? Thanks. Yo, ben. How would I do as a pimp? Terrible. You look like a dominican ewok. - What? - Stop. Just stop. So here's the deal: My boss doesn't normally do this, But I talked her into giving you guys $1. 50 off of each shirt. $1.5 so that's like-- That's still $8550. - I hope that helps. - It really doesn't. Is that the best you can do? - It is. My boss is a lot of things- generous is not one of them. What are you doing with all those shirts, anyway? Uh, nothing now, but thanks for your help. Yo. - There's no fucking cabs in brooklyn. What the fuck is your problem? Homegirl was feeling you. - What are you talking about? - Julie was giving you the eye, bro. You think every girl we meet has to like one of us. How can th not? We've got something for everybody. Tall, short, jewish, latin, - Grumpy, cool. - You're crazy, man. I'll put three grand of kapo's money that says she was feeling you. And on top of that, you should apologize - For being kind of dickish. - I was dickish? - Julie, right? - You're back. Yeah. Look, I just wanted to apologize If I was rude to you before. I'm ben, by the way. Nice to meet you, ben-by-the-way. Yeah, see, the reason I'm stressed out Is 'cause we're trying to track down these shirts 'cause we're starting a new t-shirt line in tokyo. - Tokyo. - Yeah. Wow. Someone's fabulous. Nobody's ever used that word to describe me before, But I'll take it. Thanks. - ( laughs ) - what-- ( chuckles ) what are you doing tonight? - Umm-- - 'cause my friend, He's having this party at his apartment. They're gonna have karaoke and I know it's totally lame, but-- - I'm in. - Are you serious? - What, you sing? - Not like celine dion, but-- Hey, give me your number I'll text you the info tonight. Thank you. I appreciate it, okay? It went well? - Yeah, the piece is gonna be ready by Monday And he threw I free delivery and apples. - Ah. - Come on. Try one. - This is very biblical. - ( chuckles ) Come on, give me the key I'll get us back in an hour. - You drive slow. - Take it easy,u danica p. - Are you really in a rush? - No. Well, I don't know. I've got something I want to show you. ( bird cawing ) Darren: So this is where I grew up until I was in the 10th grade. - This is so beautiful. - Actually, behind that tree Was where I felt my first set of boobs. - Oh. - Rebecca hill, A.K.A. Becky big hills. Do you need a moment? - They were memorable. - All right. - ( funk music playing ) - * it's on! * * hit it. * I've been working out, pana. I ain't that skinny kid anymore. Rene: Congratulations, flaco. I'm really happy for you. Do- you got my money? You keep talking abo this money. What money? - The money that I had hidden In the basement ceiling over at tito's house. I n'dot have your money 'cause it wasn't up there. I didn't see it. And if I did, I would've returned it 'cause I'm not a thief like you - I run a business. - Are you lying to me, flaco? I'm a boy scouts of america troop leader. I lead by example. That's why you called me here? No. I called you here Because you sucker-punched m a long time ago And I've been waitin to settle the score. Come on, bro. We're not kids no more, you know? This is crazy. Mei an look at you. You've got a good business. You've got a nice house. Jesus, man. That watch-- Is that a breitling, bro? - Come on, buddy. - I thought you were Practicing kindness and compassion? The guy's wasting my tim with that childishness. - I didn't sucker-punch him. - What should we do now? Should I go shake the cash out of your crazy cousin and his wife? No, I'm gonna let that go, man. Maybe father dan- maybe he was right. God didn't want me to have that money. Now we've got to look into some alternative option. You know, plan b, papa. - ( rock music playing ) - ( chattering ) I will make up the time. My nametag's on. I'm ready to go, man, soe' wre all good. Give me your tag, ben. Come on, alex. Don't do this, man. You did it to yourself. Don't think oft I as " you're fired." Think of it "asyou're free." Hi, can I help you, ma'a ( soft rock music playing ) * play me a song * * sing your heart out... * So should I drop you off or are you gonna stay over? I feel leik I've gotta get he And just get my stuff together. You know. Gotcha. Hey, you know what I was thinking, actually? - What? - I was thinki maybe wd Run ov to youplace first, you could go in, Grab all your favorite possessions and move in with me. What? Wai t,are you serious? Completely. Darren-- - look. I know it sounds crazy, But I'm stju at that point in my life, Rach, when I know very clearly what I want. I'm gonna be 35 next month And I have dat enough insane wome to know how special you ar Okay, I'm gonna take that as a compliment. I wanted to ask you this last night, But the evening just took that wrong turn. We've only dated for two months. Well, yeah, but you spend half the week at my house as it is. - Right. - If you say yes now, I'll give you the walk-in closet. ( chuckles ) you're hilarious. Look. Sometimes the best things in life Are unplanne spontaneous, you know? All I'm saying I sif you can just consider it-- Okay. 100 grand? No problem. We can do this two ways-- I can give you the standard street vig Or I can u.C.C. Your business. That means that if y mouiss a payment, We own rasta monsta. I know what that means, jose. Give me the vig. - I'm gonna need to see you every Friday. I know. I know. ( hip-hop music playing ) Do you know how many restaurant jobs my father got fired from? - How many? - 11. And now he owns that many. It doesn't matter. Yeah, and the dope part about it is that you got fired. What is dope about getting fired? Collecting that unemployment, son. - That's like $400 a week. - That's what I'm talking about. We have the kitchen right here. - Nice. - Our own personal chefs. Sub-zero, viking-- all that. This right here-- this is where the magico happens. - Nice. This is pretty balla. - A hastings mattress. Frette sheets, whateve soft. - Sweet! Right here-- check this out. Watch this. - ( whirrs ) - ooh. - That's nice, right? - Okay. Oh, there we go. ( r&b; music playing ) - the mood is set. Dope, man. Yo, domingo, let me ask you a question, man. You're kinda making me nervous, dude. Why do you think I can't get a girlfriend? Hey, man, I don't even know you that well. I get girls, they come over heer and whatever, - But just-- there's no repeat business. - ( footsteps ) - What does that mean? - Woman: Hey, guys. Spicy tuna roll? - Yo, what's up? You wanna come and chill With me and my boy domingo right here? It's all right. I'm not gonna tell the host. David, are you trying to make a heather sandwich? Well-- - too bad for you boys I'm working tonight. It's so good to see you. I'll see you later. - Have a good night. - I'll be around. Whe erdo you get your waitresses from? She was dancing at scores .- Ceni. We dated briefly, but she said I was too jewey. What?! You are so not jewey. - I know. - ( reggae music playing ) - cam: Oh shit. Look who came to see you. * no pop, no style * * I strictly roots * * watch how we chuck it and ng... * Nobody creative feels their day job. At least you've got your japanese t-shirt empire to fall back on. Honestly, julie. I've got nothing. - You didn't get the ts? - No. I'm awesome. Well, umm, maybe I can help. What? You're gonna let me shoplift 300 t-shirts from your store? - Better. - Yeah? I'll tell you where we get ours. It's a little bit out of the way, but for $200 You can get all the vintage t-shirts you can carry. When are you taking me? Well, not right now, But if you play your cards right, maybe I'll take you there morrow. Now don't tease me, julie, 'cau ise'm a desperate man. How desperate? * head over heels, we're toe to toe * * this is the sound of my soul... * * I take one one one, 'cause you left me * * and two two two for my family... * * oh, here she comes, gingy! * * watch out, boy, she'll chew you up * ( recording playing ) * oh-oh, here she comes * * here she comes, she's a man-eater * - * oh-oh, here she comes * - * watch out! * * she'll only come out at night, woo * * oh-oh, here she comes * * here she comes, she's a man-eater * * oh-oh, here she comes she's a man-eater â * the woman is wild, woo * - * oh-oh, here she comes * - * here she comes... * Cam: So what exactly is this place? You know how you always se refugees in crazy places Around the globe wearing aerosmith t-irts and benetton? Uh-huh. - This is where it all gets shipped from. Jules. - Thanks for hooking us up early, lenny. Do me a favor and don't tell my boss I was here. This is her secret stash. She will literally kill me if she finds out about this. - $200, right? - That's the number. ( soft rock music playing ) - ( cam laughs ) - huh. Let's get dirty, kid! Sync by honeybunny www.addic7ed.com * gave my love to a shooting star * * but she moves so fast * * that I can't keep up, I'm chasing * * I'm in love with a shooting star * * but she moves so fast * * when she falls then I'll* * but * gave my loveast * to a shooting star * * but she moves so fast * * that I can't keep up, I'm chasing * 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 