How to Make It in America: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 How to Make It in America 
 s1e3 - Paper, Denim + Dollars - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 How to Make It in America (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Paper, Denim + Dollars - full transcript 
 While Ben and Cam track down a tailor to re-imagine some ʻ70s-era jeans, Rachel, who works at an interior-design boutique for her eccentric boss Edie, rethinks her future after reconnecting with a friend in the Peace Corps. Eager to get a bigger marketing commitment for his fledgling Rasta Monsta drink, Rene makes a buyout offer his marketing partners better not refuse. After Cam peddles some of Benʼs skateboard decks to upper-crust Manhattan kids, they round up enough money to pay the tailor, deliver the denim and launch Crisp NYC. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Sync by honeybunny www.addic7ed.com * I need a dollar dollar * * a dollar, that's what I need * - * hey hey * * well, I need a dollar dollar * * a dollar, that's what I need * - * hey hey * * said I need a dollar dollar * * a dollar, that's what I need * * and if I share with you my story * * would you share your dollar with me? * * well, I don't know if I'm walking on solid ground * * and all I want is * 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 * for someone to help me * * I need a dollar dollar * * a dollar, that's what I need * * and if I share with you my story * * would you share your dollar with me? * - ( reggae music playing ) - ( man vocalizing ) - ( chatting ) - * hey, ring the alarm * * hey, whoa, ring the alarm * * and not a sound is dying, whoa * * hey, ring the alarm and not a sound is dying... * - How are you? - Good seeing you. I'm good. Hey. You're leaving? I just sent out for more beer. I've got be up in four hours- big meeting in the morning. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Party pooper. - What are you talking about? I'm just a hard-working american trying to get mine. Forget working hard. Quit your job, Start a band with me. We'll sell a million ringtones and get paid. That's tempting. That's very tempting. - What do we call it? - Um, hey, jill! Ben and I are gonna start a band together. What should we be called? Um, the fucking awesomes. Oh. I'm so in. Let me know when we have rehearsal, all right? - Okay. Cam: Yo, what? I'm serious. - It happened. - What's up? You out? - Yeah. We've got that pattern maker - At 8:30 a.M., all right? - Yeah, 8:30, I've got it. - I'm good. - So? He's squeezing us in, so don't be late, okay? Amber, will you please make sure to set an extra alarm for me tomorrow morning? I've got a problem with the snooze button. You think you're coming home with m we met two hours ago. Come on, amber. You know we've got crazy chemistry. Your friend's been telling me bad jokes all night And calls it chemistry. - Yeah, but his jokes grow on you after a time. 8:30. ( cell phone beeping ) ( moans ) No more snooze buttons, sleepyhead. ( moans ) No. Fuck. Wait, I've gotta go. ( big band music playing ) * if you want time to show, baby, it's time to-- * Yo yo, you get my text? I'm so sorry, man. Come on, let's go. What happened? - Our meeting got pushed? - No. ( laughs ) no, you didn't. You had me on cam time this morning. Yup. - I could've showered at least. I'm not smelling so fresh right now. - ( laughs ) We really appreciate you squeezing us in on such short notice. At my age, long notice isn't such a great idea. I don't even buy green bananas. So how'd you find me? Oh, I read about you in " women's wear daily." Ah. Did they say nice things about me? - They said you cut for the best. - I cut for them all. Wow. A lot of people making jeans, huh? It's big business. Everybody wants their piece. Well, my man here isn't like everybody else. - He's a visionary. - How wonderful. Ben: You see, we want an 18" leg opening But with a narrow chain-stitch hem right here. We want to keep the 1970s essence But apply it to a modern pair of jeans. - What you think, zev? - Not a problem. - Do you like the concept? - Sure. Yeah? So how much is althis gonna cost? Bring me your denim and $1500 by tomorrow morning, I'll put you ahead of a big job I've got coming in. - Whoa. $1500? - Pattern and sample. - For one pair of jeans? - It's your blueprint. Every pair of jeans your factory makes is based on this sample. Okay, so $1500 it is. Glad one of you listens. ( pop rock music playing ) - This is not a fashion statement. - ( laughs ) I fucked up my back in yoga this morning. That's a clever contraption though. - It's cute, right? - Yeah. It makes my tits look like a present. Yes. - Where are we on essex street? I talked to miguel this morning And he says the wall unit looks awesome. - And the bolsters? - Oh, f-- shit. You forgot my custom bolsters. And here I thought you were perfect. I'll get them on the way to my lunch. Lunch? - Yeah, I told you about that yesterday. No. - Yes, my college roommate's in town for 72 hours. She's doing the peace corps in africa. I never get to see her. Well, what am I going to do for lunch? I don't want to eat alone. You can join us. - No, you guys will just talk about the crazy, fun times You had giving college boys humding And make me regret dropping out of hunter. I think you've given enough humding in your day to join us for lunch. Not ivy league. I'm insecure. Yo yo, here we go, man. - ( bell dings ) - there he is, The most handsome bodega owner on the lower east side. - Good morning, rene. - ( both speak spanish ) So how many cases today? To be honest with you-- none. Did I just hear him say none as in "zero" none? - What? - Rene, I try to help you, But the rasta monsta just sit on shelf. Nobody buy it. Well, maybe if you put it somewhere where people will see it. - Can you see it from there? - Jabar: No. Rene: I can't see it from there. ( coins jingle ) - what you got there, little man? - Red bull. - Why you buy that drink? Because red bull has wings. You ever see this rasta monsta? Never even heard of that. Amigo, here you go. Try one-- one the house. ( boy gulping ) That's good. - ( laughs ) that's rasta monsta! Hey. Yo, little man, Tell your friends all about that, okay? You got it. ( bell rings ) - nothing wrong with rasta monsta. You just gotta get the word out. You owe me $1. 25 for the kid's drink. Take it easy. I'm just kidding. It's a joke. ( hip-hop music playing ) Don't get me wrong, man. These are good, But I'm gonna have to pass. - What? Mike, do you realize the gems I just brought you here? I've got more inventory than I can move right now, guys. And truthfully speaking, I don't know if you know this yet, But everybody's rocking these. - Cam: What? - Ben: What the fuck, mike? All right. Cool. Thanks, man. I've got $220 in the bank I can put in. - What you got? - I have $1600 to my name... $1600? -...And I need $1550 of it for rent next week. Rent? Man, come on. Fuck rent. It takes months before they can even kick you out. - We need this money today. - "fuck rent"? I'm sorry. I'm not getting evicted. I'm not gonna stay on your grandma's couch with you, all right? Oh, any chance we could ask your pops for a contribution? Any chance we could ask your moms? Oh, please, man. She doesn't even say hello when I call. She says, "I've got no money for you," and hangs up. Well, I haven't asked my dad for a dollar since I moved out. - I really don't want to start now. - ( cell phone rings ) Oh, great, it's david kaplan. Perfect timing. Kapo's good for $1500, easy. No, we're not going to take any more money from him until we pay him back, man. Yo. What? - Yo, kapo, just the man I wanted to talk to. - Hey, dave. - Dave: Benito mussolini. - ( whispers ) stop it. - What's up my man? All good, man. What's up with you? Yo-- avenue. You ready to make good On your promise or what, boychick? Well, tonight is- is goth night at avenue, So I don't think it's the vibe you're looking for. But we'll do it next week, okay? - No, ben, it's not ok. The truth is I'm in a really bad place right now And I could really use a friend to talk to, But apparently I'm only cool to hang out with When you're $3000 short. But whatever. I'll just go home, take a handful of xanies And make it another early night. - Jesus, dave. - I'm fucking with you, ben! - Jesus. - ( chuckles ) - We'll do it another time. - O-- okay. - I love you, bro. - I love you too, bro. ( eps ) - wait. You guys say "I love you, bro," But you can't ask him for $1500? - He's not an a.T.M., cam. - Fine. Forget it. I'll ask my pops for it, okay? Okay! Yo, and tell your pops I think he raised a very good son And I always wished I had a father like him. And as soon as we get our first order, We'll pay him back in full plus interest. Who could say no to that pitch, huh? You the man, ben. - I'll see you at 7:00. - See you at 7:00, man. - Hi! - I'm so sorry I'm late. Oh! My god, I would've called you, but-- - I know, I know. I'm the last person on earth to not own a cell phone. - Which is why I love you. - You look amazing. Oh my god, you do. You look amazing. Oh, god. How long has it been? - Katie's wedding, I think. - Oh, that's right. Wait. What? Tell me everything. When I was in swaziland doing peace corps, We found out that truckers were the highest transmitters of h.I.V. On the continent. - That's a frightening statistic. - Yeah, so one day Myself and another volunteer just started going to truck stops And handing out condoms. The concept caught on, we got a little grant And now I am running a mobile truck-stop condom distribution service. - ( laughs ) - what? - Bizarre, right? - That's amazing. Yeah, and you know what the crazy part is? It's actually working. I mean, you have no idea what it feels like To hold a small african child in your arms And know that because of you their mother won't get aids. Wow. - But please, enough about me. How are you? How's work? How's-- Work is good. Work's good. - And what are these awesome pillows? - Oh, these are-- - I love the print. - Yeah, I mean, They're not saving anyone's life, so-- ( women chatting ) Woman: It's the parents who bring the older kids. Well, it's because they want to know where they are. - And we tell them every-- - well, it doesn't matter. Ben! Oh, honey. What are you doing here? Hi, sweetheart. - Hey, mom. We're having our teacher's union meeting today. You remember my colleagues. Yolanda... - Hi. - ...Doris, hernan. How you doing? - Ooh, gladys, he looks just like a young stan. Thanks, yolanda. I'll take that as a compliment. So what are you doing with yourself these days, ben? Oh, doris, that is a very good question. Did you eat? I have california rolls. Mom, I do feed myself. - How old are these? - Ooh, why? I don't know. They're a little bitter. - ( sniffs ) - So where's dad? - Why? What's wrong? Nothing's wrong. I've just got to ask him a question. Oh, your father is at book culture, Taking advantage of their browsing policy. - Mmm. - Is this about rachel? - What? No. - Oh. Well, how is she doing? You know what? I miss her. - Am I allowed to say that? - And I'm out. I love you, mom. - All right. If you see your father, Remind him we're having dinner with the cohens at 7:00. - Okay. - I mean, god forbid He should carry his cell phone and turn it on. ( phone ringing ) Thank you. - If it isn't the tri-state area beverage king! - What's going on? - Nice to see you, rene. Come here. How you doing, buddy? What's up with the hugs, man? Hey, it's good to see you. So what was so urgent you had to come in today? We've got a problem. Man: What kind of problem? The marketing for rasta monsta. What's the problem with the marketing? There is no marketing, okay? Nobody's buying it because nobody knows what the hell it is. Guys, what happened to our deal? - You got the posters, right? - Forget the posters, man. We've got to do this big-- Billboards, radio, even tv. Fellas-- come on, man. We've got to get the word out. Unfortunately, rene, at this point, we can't afford anymore marketing. All our money's tied up. - Yeah, in that ricky martin diet rum, right? You guys are fucked up. No, buddy. We've got a quarter million invested In the rest of the u.S. Territory ourselves. Man #2: You know nobody wants to see Rasta monsta succeed more than we do. Rene, if you want to put the money in to market your territory yourself, - Be our guest. - So, basically, You're asking me to go into my own pocket To make you guys rich? Well... We're not gonna stop you. ( rock music playing ) Yo yo, the legend is back! Wilfredo gomez returns to glory, baby! Okay. Yo, limited edition decks! $40 today, $50 tomorrow. - Get 'em while they're hot! - Yo, man, $40 for wilfredo's crazy ass? - Dude, you're bugging out. - Yo, you are bugging out, son. Yo, wilfredo gomez is the king of new york skating. Yeah? - My man is international. Check this out. You know what this is? Come on, that shit's straight photoshop. Youtube it. Taken yesterday. Dude, yesterday wilfredo chased me three blocks Trying to get a bite of my pizza. That fool ain't in china. - You saw wilfredo? - Outside supreme, But he's probably in the loony bin by now. Nobody's buying these decks for $40, Not while your boy's wilding out on lafayette. Yo, wilfredo's just a misunderstood genius. All y'all are too ghetto to understand that, - So peace out. - Your boy-- he's a lunatic. Take your corny-ass decks down to suckerville, man. - All right, man. You corny. - Yeah, all right. - Peace, dude. - Yeah, peace, man. Oh, dad, there's gotta be a better place to hide from mom and her friends. - Ben, what are you doing here? - Looking for you. Well, you found me. I'm finally getting a chance to read al gore's book. Ah. - Boy, we really fucked ourselves - With this environment. - No no, that's all propaganda. - You all right? - Yeah, I'm great, actually. Because it's been a while since you came looking for me. Well, I wanted to run something by you. Um, I've been thinking about my future. Oh, your head must be hurting. I've worn jeans every day of my life for the past 15 years. I work with them. I know what sells. I think I can be good at this. Dad, a lot of people have made a lot of money making jeans. A lot of money is great, but at this point I'd be happy seeing you just have health insurance. So what exactly is the plan? The plan is I make the jeans, I sell the jeans. You make it sound simple. Dad, I can do this. Ben, I love you. You've got so much talent. I believe you could accomplish anything you put your mind to. But quite frankly, I'm worried about you. All right, that's my 2Â¢. Now what else can I help you with this afternoon? - ( both grunting ) - cam: Yeah. - Whoo! Thanks a lot, park. - ( chuckles ) - A pleasure. A pleasure. - Yo, man, for your son or your grandson. - Thank you. - Thank you, man. Have a good day. Oh! Excuse me! Thank you so much for getting me in today, man. - I really appreciate it. - It's okay, papa. It's okay. * beat my bones against the wall... * - ( men chatting ) * staring down an empty hall * * deep down in a hollow log * * coming home like a letter bomb * * cold was the storm * * that covered the night... * I want to thank you guys For taking the time to see me today. ( mutters ) - I know in the past we've had our differences. I know in my younger wild days I might've caused some problems for your businesses And for that I'm truly sorry. But like most of you, I grew up without a father. I didn't have nobody to teach me right from wrong. You know, they always told us that america was the land of opportunity, You know? But around my way, It seemed that the only opportunity there was Was to either get shot or arrested, right? ( murmur agreement ) - there's a new thing happening now. A black man has been elected president. There's a puerto rican chick in the supreme court. And like them, I want to make a huge change for our people. It's called rasta monsta. ( men laugh ) Oh no no no no, this is for real. This is for real. ( speaks spanish ) all right? I'm here asking for your grassroot support on this. I need rasta monsta in your barber shops, In your livery cabs, in your strip joints. But most of all, I need that middle shelf in your bodegas. - ( men murmur ) - just to be clear. What's in it for us? ( exhales deeply ) How does 3% of the net sound? - ( men murmur ) - 5% sounds better. Papa, come on, work with me here. - 4.5%. - 4.25%. Good. Rasta monsta. It tastes like fruit punch, pero spicy. ( rock music playing ) - ( bell rings ) - ( chattering ) ( whistles ) yo yo, take home a legend! Yo, limited edition wilfredo gomez pro model! $40 a pop! Get 'em while they last! Yo! ( whistles ) Yo, you with the red head! Come on, I see you. I see you with the headphones. I'm gonna be right here. Who the hell is wilfredo gomez? You don't know about wilfredo? Pssh! You must not skate. I skate and I never heard of him. Wilfredo's a legend. He's the illest skater in new york city. How come I've never seen him in "thrasher"? - He was in there. - Does he have a shoe sponsor? - Nah, he's not a sell-out. - Does he have a lawyer? - My dad is tony hawk's lawyer. - What's the significance of the elephant? - The elephant is-- - what's your affiliation - With the wilfredo gomez brand? - ( boys speaking ) Wilfredo gomez is a crazy person, okay?! He could've been the best skater in new york, But he lost his mind. And you know why he's not at the x games? It's because he's running around the lower east side Shaking kids down for their pizza money. And you know what? If he rolled up on the five of y'all right now, You'd be running home, screaming, to your mommies. And your nannies. - Edie? - Edie: I'm back here. The desk bed looks amazing, you little rock star. And these two gorgeous carpenters told me they have crushes on you. What do you think? I quit. My freshman-year roommate is singlehandedly Stopping the spread of aids in africa. And I'm-- I'm picking up pillows? Rachel, I'm only going to say this once, so listen up. - Okay. - First and foremost, I love you very much. You are an incredibly talented designer And if you don't quit and move to africa, You're going to be a huge success. Thank you, - secondly, any ambitious do-gooder with airfare Can feel like they're making a difference in africa. It's africa! Parts of it are, unfortunately, very fucked up. Edie. - Okay. Obviously they're doing very important work. But think about this: Who can make a difference In the lives of the people of new york city? Every day we help hard-working americans Squeeze the most out of their tiny apartments. We keep siblings from killing each other with room dividers. We give a divorced single dad a shot at joint custody By transforming his walk-in closet into a second bedroom. So don't tell me that we don't make a difference. We are saving this city 300 square feet at a time. Are we heroes? We're design superheroes. Oh, can I have my- can I have my job back? Yeah. I mean, I still want you to go to africa and help out. Yeah. - Just do it on your christmas break. Yo yo, bert and ernie! ( laughs ) - rene, what are you doing here? Oh, I was thinking about what you guys said About me paying for my own marketing. - Man: And? - And I will do that. The only thing is, I'm taking over the rights to north america. ( chuckles ) the north american territory is not for sale. - Everything's for sale. - Man #2: Rene. Come on, man. Look, I want to buy you guys out for what you put in, All right? 250 grand, cash. And you're lucky-- You're lucky, all right? You're gonna be breaking even on this. - What is this, a hostile takeover? - Uh, it can be. How hostile? That's up to you, bro. All right, listen. I'll have your cash-- one week, okay? - One week. Adios. - Later, guys. ( people chatting ) - What up? - Hey. So you talk to your pops? You get the money? I talked to my pops and I did not get the money. What happened? He dissed us? No, I didn't ask him. I was about to then I realized "you know what? We don't even have a business plan." - Are you serious right now? - Yeah, I'm fucking serious. We need to think this one through, start to finish, Before we start asking people for money. Then we'll come up with a plan. Don't even worry about it. Well, worrying is sort of my thing, So-- cha-ching! --$1500 for the sample. Oh, shit. Let me hold that. - Yup. - Okay! - Okay. - Ladies. Ladies. It's hot out here tonight, right? Give me that. Give me that. - ( laughs ) Wait, so I don't understand. How'd you get it? This is my rent money. Step one of the plan: We make a great sample. And then-- I don't fucking know, man. We're just gonna figure out step two after step one. - I don't know. - A homeless c.E.O., though? That's not a good look for our company. Well, I'm not on the street yet, cam. Pay your rent, motherfucker. What? - I've got our sample covered. - No. - I sold the wilfredo decks - To these clark avenue kids. - They liked them that much? Once they heard wilfredo went crazy, they loved him. They thought he was like the dave chappelle of skateboarders. I can't believe you went uptown, man. Yo, you know I'll do anything for the company. That's dedication. Are you serious? Ben, I know my shit sometimes can be sort of a mess, But I think this is gonna work for us. My grandmother said a special prayer for us. She told me that crisp nyc Is gonna change our lives. ( exhales ) for the better? ( chuckles ) Hey. - Right here. - Yup. All right. Cash upfront for mr. Levy. This happens to be a beautiful denim you have. Very rare. - I told you my boy was a visionary. I'll make you a nice sample. You'll be very happy. Hey, guy, take a picture of us real quick. Zev, get in this. Come on. - This is history in the making, baby. - ( camera clicks ) Sync by honeybunny www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 