Alias Smith and Jones: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alias Smith and Jones 
 s2e3 - Jailbreak at Junction City - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alias Smith and Jones (1971–1973): Season 2, Episode 3 - Jailbreak at Junction City - full transcript 
 Heyes & Cury are deputized by the Sheriff of Big Bend,to take some outlaws to Junction City. The Sheriff there knows them by sight but a local judge may save them from the law. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 What was that? Hey, the bank's been robbed. Hey, Sweeny! The bank's been robbed. Have one seen which way they went? They rode on that way! Get on your horses! Let's go! Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry The two most successful outlaws in the history of the West and in all the trains and banks they robbed they never shot anyone. This made our two latter-day Robin Hoods very popular 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 with everyone but the railroads and the banks. There's one thing we gotta get, Heyes. What's that? Out of this business. The governor can't come flat out and give you amnesty now first you gotta prove you deserve it. So, all we've got to do is just stay out of trouble until the governor figures we deserve amnesty? But in the meantime we'll still be wanted? Well, that's true until then only you me and the governor will know about it. It'll be our secret. I sure wish the governor let a few more people in our secret. My name's Joshua Smith. You hold a telegraph for me? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 No. How about for me? Thaddeus Jones. I ain't holding a telegraph here right now for anybody. How do you spell sou? S - I - O - U - X You sent it off right away? Mr. Pat McCreedy, McCreedy Ranch, Red Rock, Texas Arrived Big Bend. No telegraph here about job. We don't have a Sioux and could use work. Please answer. Smith and Jones. Well, I'll be 60 cents. Could you trust us for it? Haven't you got 60 cents? We don't got six cents. Sorry. Come up with the 60 cents and I'll send it for you. Heyes... I'm going over there and get me a beer... and I'm not gonna worry about how I'm gonna pay for it. You get that thirsty look off your face... or they're gonna worry how you gonna pay for it. What are you doin'...? Smile and order the beers. A couple of beers, please. You got any money? Yeah, sure. The beer's are a dime each. Would we order beer if we didn't have any money? People do. A lot. You got any money? I ain't ordering any beer. No, I mean money. I'll make you bet, I can stand this egg on end like this and it'll stay there all by itself. I got $10 says I can do it. How can't? That's very good. So, I can do it without cracking the shell. You don't say. I do say. I got $10 to back me up. I'll bet you $5, he's afraid to call me. All right. I'll bet you $5 he's not. All right, my friend you're called. 10 bucks. Use that egg. Mind if I blow on it for luck? On the bar, fella! That's the bet! Oh, that's a little harder. He did, sure enough. Oh, a nice egg. As you can see there's not a crack in it. That's not a way to treat a $10 egg, Sam! Well... that is quite a trick! It doesn't work every time. It's just a sporting proposition. Yeah. You fellas just passing through? Oh, yeah, yeah. We're waiting for a telegraph about a job... ...Sheriff. Well... good luck! Thanks! Now about those two beers...? I almost hate to go back over there. I don't like the fishy way that sheriff is looking at us. When a sheriff looks at us, Kid, it comes out fishy, no matter how he's looking. We gotta go back! I saw one of the fellas that table draw to an inside straight. Now, it'd be downright sinful to pass an opportunity like that. $5.00 I believe it's up to you. I know who it's up to... I ought to raise... but well, I just call the five. Two pair, jacks over. Sorry... three little sevens. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Something smells around here! Maybe the way you play poker? He opened, you stayed on a pair of jacks. That's just asking for trouble. Yeah...? well, I've been keeping my eye on you and your babyface partner over there. The two of you are doing pretty good in this game... maybe a little too good for it to be all luck! That sounds a little bit like you think we're cheating. You didn't mean it to sound that way, did you? Depends on what you mean by cheating! Now, there ain't been any card tricks that I could spot, but I think you're playing partners... and in my book, that's cheating. Does anyone else at this table think we're playing partners? No, not me. No. Uuh-huh. No, sir. Looks like you're outnumbered. Why we just plain forget about it, huh? Because I ain't ready to play. One or the other of you is getting up and moving to another table. There don't appear to be another table right now... but I tell you what: just to keep peace, I'll accommodate you when another table opens up. That won't be good enough, Sonny Boy. I'm not playing another hand with both of you in the game. Well, there is another alternative... Yeah? What? You get up! Me? I'm losing. That's my money out there! You're the one is gonna leave... and now! Sorry. One way or the other, you're leaving this table. Well, look at it this way: I'll be taking all your money if I go. Now, you wouldn't want that, would you? You talk too much. Get on your feet, Sonny. I'm gonna stunt your growth. You're getting out of this game? I already answered that. All right. You made the rules I didn't. So pick up your money and get out of here. Well, now... I want to talk to you two. Cash in our chips, would you, Sam? I've been keeping an eye on you two. Is that right, Sheriff? Yep! You heard about that hold up over at Junction City? Where they got the bank for over sixty thousand? Hold up? No, Sheriff, that's news to me. Us. us. Well I got some deputies out, checking a tip... that we got. It may be that they're on the trail of whoever done that Junction City job. Meanwhile...I got no deputies at all here. Well, I'm sure you'll find some good men. I already have... you two! Now, I've been in and out of here all night... and you play honest poker. I got to admit, at first I thought you didn't... but you do. Besides I never saw a man draw a gun that fast in my whole life. How about you two, signing up as deputies? That's real flattering Sheriff, we appreciate that. You ever heard of Big Mac McCreedy? Pretty rancher over in Red Rock? That's him. Well now, he may have a job for us so we're waiting for a telegraph from him. And since old Mac's a friend of ours, we feel kind of obligated. If it wasn't for that... whoa... we'd snatched that offer yours right up! Yeah, I sure would love to be a deputy. Yeah, I understand, boys, I understand. Well, I tell you: if the McCreedy job falls through or something... maybe you change your minds. Anyhow give it some thought, will you? Oh, we will do that, Sheriff. Thank you! Yeah. Thanks a lot, Sheriff. Great judge of character, isn't he? Deal fell through but keep it in touch with me. May need you for similar job later. Sorry. Glad you don't have a Sioux. They can be dangerous. Big Mac You want to answer? Yeah, but you wouldn't send it. Now, which way we going? What's wrong with south? Hey, you fellas! Now we know what's wrong with south. You boys almost got away from me. Hey, I got a new proposition for you. I understand that job you's waiting on fell through. You heard about that, did you? I did, on purpose. And you boys did tell me... you'd both like to be deputies if the other job fell through, didn't you? We did say that, Sheriff and we thought about it... Naw, now we decided, that being lawmen just isn't exactly what we're cut out for. Why not? Well, that there's nothing wrong with lawman, Sheriff... in fact we were deputies once ourselves. But we resigned - reasons of health. Oh, come on, now. It ain't as if you're signing on for the rest of your lives. Just a simple little job - only take you a few days. We kind of made up our minds to be moving on, Sheriff. Yes, sir... and once we're in the saddle and on our way there ain't much can change our minds. I'll give you $100 a piece if you do the job. $100 apiece? What do we have to do? I got a couple of important prisoners to deliver to the sheriff of Junction City. That's a two-man job and you boys can handle it just fine. Junction City. Say who's the sheriff up there these days? It's an old fella named Sweeney. Why? Do you know him? No, I don't think we do... do we Jones? Hm, no, I don't think we ever run into a Sheriff Sweeney. How about it? You gonna help me out or not? Sure, wish you'll get rid of that badge, Heyes. Everytime I look over and see it I break out into a cold sweat. I was just gonna say the same thing to you. How we handle it? Them deputies sure do make easy rifle targets. Yeah... but with Hank and Ribs tied up like that... the horses are liable to spook there's no telling what'll happen. Freeze lawmen...put the hands up high. Go over and kick his friend there... maybe he goes to bed wearing his gun. Don't kick too hard, 'cause I got a double-barreled shotgun on both of you! Drop it, right there. Man, you boys may be good at robbing banks, but you do a terrible job of trailing somebody. You got the money with you? What money? Joshua you know where their horses are? Check him out, huh? Right, Deputy. And now, we're gonna flip a coin to see who ties up who. and I'm gonna take care of the loser. Say, who are you fellas, anyhow? Deputies! Not regular deputies, you ain't. No, no... we're just delivering you... and collecting a couple hundred dollars for the pain of your company. A couple hundred dollars? My oh, my. You hear that boys? A whole $200. Now me and my boys here, we got $62,000... and it ain't far away. What do you think of that? Now, I think that's an awful shame. $62,000 is an awful shame? Yep, because you can't spend a dime of it. But we wouldn't mind, letting you boys have a big chunk of it. I mean, if yours'd turn us loose we could all spend it. That's real interesting Ribs, but I don't think we could work it up. Why not? I mean we'll take you to the money. We'll still be your prisoners, 'till we show you where it's at... and then you turn us loose and we can split it up, that's all there is to it. We'd let you fellas ride off - we'd ride off... and we'd never see again? You wouldn't be waitin' around the next bend for us, right? Oh, no. We'd trust you! I mean, after all you could leave us tied up there and take it all. Now, wait a minute. That's the deal? You stay tied up until we have the money? It sure ain't. If we make a deal we trust each other - all the way. Well, there you go Ribs. Like I said, just too hard to work out. Especially when you're outnumbered two to one. And besides, we're cautious law-abiding citizens. You call lynching law-abidin'? That's what they're gonna do to us in Junction City! Why? Cause we kind of accidentally shot the sheriff. I mean, that's what stopped the posse long enough for us to get away. You mean, Sheriff Sweeney's dead? Yes, he is. We done it. It's an accident. Yeah. You took a shot at him and hit him. It was an accident, all right. You wouldn't happen to know who his replacement is, would you? Yep, fella by the name of Curt Clitterhouse. They brung him in from out of state. Well, what we're about them? They're all tied up and bedded down for the night. We got enough to worry about. Oh, yeah. What are we gonna do about that? It got to be the same fella we ran into in Colorado. Well it can't be two lawmen with a name like Clitterhouse. I know what we can do, can't let 'em go... or can we? The answer I came up with was no. You can do any better? No. We'd have the sheriff of Big Bend thinking we did just exactly what they tried to talk us into. He'd describe us to Clitterhouse. Heyes and Curry, at it again. Maybe we can make a deal with Clitterhouse. I mean, after all we're bringing in the men that killed Sweeney and robbed a bank. That'd make him a hero. If one of us was to go in and told him what we got here. Bet he'd be want to forget to even know us. Kid, that's a terrible idea - even for you! I know. You got a better one? No. So, who's going in to try and make the deal? Heyes, who has a silver tongue? Who's out there? Name's Joshua Smith. I'm here on business. Sheriff Slocum sent me up from Big Bend. It better be important. You're alone? Yeah, I'm alone, Heyes. What's this all about? Well, it's all about my making a big hero out of you in your new job. Can we talk? Sure. You know I haven't heard much about you and the Kid recently. Figured you'd sort of left the country. That's a whole other story. No, let's concentrate on what I'm gonna do for you. The Kid and I have some men you want.. and...we're hoping you want 'em bad enough... to make a deal. You mean you and Kid Curry are the deputies they sent up with those two prisoners? Uh-huh... only now I got all four of them. How? Well, Potts and Springer tried to... break loose their friends and got caught doing it. Did they have the money with him? No, no. They caged it somewhere. Well, it doesn't take a genius to figure out what you want. I forget I know you... You collect the money on Potts and Springer, right? You won't believe this Sheriff, but we just want them off our hands. You give me your word that you'll let us go and we'll bring it all four of them. You can have the reward on the two that we caught. Now, that don't makes sense! You and Kid Curry... acting like... a pair of Texas Rangers. I hate to put too much strain on you, Sheriff, in the middle of the night and all, but the Kid and I are trying to go straight. Now, what the devil for? Look, you got twenty years to serve whether you go straight or not. That's the story that I mentioned before, but I don't have the time to explain it. And I'm not at liberty to even if I did have the time so let's get back to the deal. You bring the men in... I say thanks and goodbye is that the way it goes? You give me your word and your hand on it and that's the deal. And if I say no, I don't see you or the prisoners again, right? I'm afraid that's right. That it looks like I don't have a choice. But I have. The choice of trusting you or not. That's a decision I'm still working on. When I give my word, Heyes, I don't go back on it. And I'm ready to give it. They got those bank robbers. They got all four of them! Hey, come on! Hey, get Slim! They got the bank robbers! They got the money with them? Did they get the money back? Johnny... put them in the big cell. Right this way, fellas... let's got...yihaa...let's go. Come on, come on...let's got. It's gonna be nice having somebody keepin' me company right here. Get in there! Hey, sheepherder - untie my hands. Well, well, well, that's quite a collection... I assume you're the deputies from Big Bend? I'm judge Hanley. Your Honor... pleased to meet you. Pleasure. Pleasure. I received a telegraph from Sheriff Slocum telling me you were on your way here with Hancock and Johnson, but... How did you come by the other two? Well, your honor, they started following us the first day out and we spotted 'em. as soon as they made their move... Ha, ha... that's what I call enforcing the law! That means you're entitled to $2,000 for the two you caught. $2,000? $2,000! And at a time when we have to be headin' back up north. Yeah. Well, we could always leave a forwarding address with Sheriff Clitterhouse. That's very admirable. Devotion to duty. I like that. It's also very trusting. I like that, too. Don't see much of that, anymore. Well, if you can't trust a judge, who can you trust? Yes...right...quite right. That's very good. Now, if you'll give me your address I'll see to it that you get your money. You won't have far to send it judge... they'll be right here in one of these cells. What...well, what is this? I guess they forgot to introduce themselves. Meet Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry. Johnny - get their hardware. Yes, sir! I have met some double-cross and no goods in my time... but you are in a class by yourself. Just a moment, Sheriff... I don't quite understand this. What did he mean? Did you make some kind of a deal with these men? Well, Heyes here he come up to my place last night. Wanted me to agree that I'd pretend I wouldn't know him and Curry when they brought in the other four. And you gave him your word on that? That's right, judge. When I give my word to an honored citizen ...I keep it. When I give my word to an outlaw... it don't mean one dang thing! And I'm proud to admit it! I see... seem strange they bring these men in on a risk like that. Are you sure they're Curry 'n' Heyes? I know they're Curry and Heyes and they know I know it! All right boys, in your cell. Come on. Look at the deputies! Looks like they set their own bear trap! I hear him say Kid Curry and Hannibal Heyes!? Sure did! Look at them two law-abidin' citizens! Yowee! Heyes...I told you you was no regular deputy! Heyes...? whose idea was it to make a deal with Clitterhouse? Yours Kid - all yours. I had a feeling you were making a mistake. When? When you agreed with me. Who doesn't cookin' it in this Jail? That chili and beans tasted like leftovers... ...from last summer. That wasn't beans that was buckshot. You fellas got any complaints about the supper? You ever heard of the 11th commandment? When you're in the army or in jail you never complain about the food. It was good. Real good. You got lucky Ribs, they didn't lynch you. Lucky? When you're gonna hang anyhow what's the difference? You ain't gonna hang. I ain't? No, but you are gonna break out of here though. I am? How? Make a deal! With you? No. You really didn't make a deal with us was cause the situation wasn't right. Now, the situation is right. No, you can make a deal. With who? With honest Curt Clitterhouse, who won't keep his word with outlaws. I think you got a man there you can make a real good deal with. Like the deal you made with him? No. You've got something I didn't have. You got $62,000. Yeah. What do you mean? Am I supposed to say to him... Let us go and we'll give you $62,000? He ain't stupid. Or maybe I should say... I'll tell you where the $62,000 is if you'll let us go. I ain't stupid! Yes, you are, Ribs. Real stupid. You do tell him where the money is and he lets you stay in jail while he gets it. Ain't that stupid? You tell him you're trusting him, because if he gets the $62,000... no one else in the world knows he's got it except you and your friends. And you'll start screaming your heads off about it if he doesn't let you go. That seems to make sense... but it can't be that easy. Why not? Because if there is gonna be a jailbreak, the four of us just can't break out without the two of you fellas coming with us. And good ol Curt ain't about to lose the $20,000 he's got coming on you two. Ribs...good old Curt Clitterhouse, I'm sure, appreciates the difference between $62,000 and $20,000. You know some, Heyes? You've livin' up to all the things I heard about you. You've got brains! Ribs... when old honest Curt says to you... he can't do it... because he can't let all of us break loose... without getting himself into trouble... ...what do you say? I don't know. Well, I do. No, no - you get the money first because we know you're gonna let us go. Because if you don't... We're gonna spill the whole deal, and the money won't do you no good anyhow. See? You know something, Ribs? You got brains. True... There's just one large problem you forgot about. Yeah, there's no way I can let you break out... without somebody suspecting me. But there is - 'cause I do have brains! Every night you or the deputy checks our food, right? to see if there's any guns or anything hid under them napkin. You take them India-rubber balloons that kids play with, you take a pistol and you tie it up inside and when you're checking our food you drop the gun in my soup. You got too much imagination, Ribs. Why go to all that bother, when I can just hand you a gun? You ain't thinkin' Sheriff! Now, I'm giving you a deal... that leaves you absolutely in a clear for $62,000. I mean I'll leave that balloon behind with soup all over it, which means that the cook could put the gun in the soup, or one of the waiters or anybody. Nobody will suspect you, because you'd lost $20,000. You know? That's so smart... it almost scares me. I'd knew you would appreciate it, Sheriff. Now you pick a night and you just put the deputy on late duty and I'll wait until you've gone home. Yeah. Oh, and make sure the livery stable has six horses good and fresh. Ain't it hard...to stumble... when you got no place to fall? Ain't it hard to stumble... when you got no place at all? In this whole wide world... I got no place at all. Hey you, shut up in there. I'm a stranger here, a stranger everywhere. I could go home, but, brother, I'm a stranger there. I told you to shut up. I meant it. I don't wanna hear one more peep out of you. Yes, sir. Not another peep out of me. Now I'm a stranger here, a stranger everywhere. I could go home. but, brother, I'm a stranger there. Begging your pardon, Deputy, but I understand a couple of your... prisoners want to talk to a lawyer. Name is Brubaker. I'm a lawyer. As a matter of fact, I'm the only lawyer in town. Mr. Brubaker, they'll be trying to extradite us to Wyoming. We want you to fight it. How much money do you have? 8 dollars and 12 cents. 8 dollars and 12 cents... And you? How much money do you have? 12 dollars and 21 cents. 12 dollars and 21 cents. But we've got some reward money coming. No, you haven't. Huh? I checked with the bank, on my, own you might say. They aren't going to pay Kid Curry or Hannibal Heyes anything. As a matter of fact, they almost threw me out of the bank just for asking. Heyes, you get the feeling it's being law-abiding it doesn't pay? Gentlemen. Gentlemen, come on, now, you must have some other tangible assets. Bank accounts, perhaps? No, Mr. Brubaker. No bank accounts. No bank accounts. I see. How about any real property due? Either of you have any real property? Two horses and two saddles. Gentlemen, I'm afraid there's not much that I can do for you. Good day. Thanks Ben. Soup's on, Johnny. Watch it. It's kind of heavy. You got it? Hello boys, soup's on. About time. Yeah. Hey, Ribs... Huh, what? don't you want your bread? Oh, yeah, yeah. Haven't heard too much out of you two since we put you in here. Guess we just ran out of things to say. Good - keep it that way. Sheriff, I noticed something funny. What? Nobody's complaining about the food tonight. Don't worry about that deputy. It's the best soup I ever ate. Time for you go, Sheriff? That's right. 10 o'clock, Johnny. See you in the morning. Yes, sir. Don't you worry, Sheriff - anything comes up, I'll handle it. G'night. Oh Johnny... Settle down, boys...it's late. I think what he's trying to tell you, deputy... is that something's come up that needs handling. Where'd you get that thing? It came in the soup. We got us a friend out there. Now you take that gun of yours off and put it on the desk real easy. And you get those handcuffs out of the drawer and then come back here and see just how fast you can unlock these here cages. Alright boys, it's getting late. Hey, them other two is gone. That's their problem. Sorry I can't let you go, Johnny, but I don't know what they did with the keys. What'd you come back for? I'm not sure I understand it myself. You wanna explain it to him? Naw, you've got to have faith now and then, Kid. If this works our record stays clean... just go on with me. I'm going along with you, Heyes - and hating every minute of it. What is this? What's going on? C'mon, let's get outta here! Hey, who's closing that door? It's a trap! Where are them other two guys? All right, lock 'em up. How come they're locking him up, Judge? Sheriff Clitterhouse is under arrest as a complicity in the jailbreak. I'd see to he stays locked up... unless you want to wind up in there with him. Yes, sir - What? I mean - no, sir. Heyes - you knowed that they was out there, waitin' for us! And you didn't even try to break away. I'm sorry Ribs - It only cost you $62,000. And we just couldn't go off to Wyoming... without seeing old honest Curt behind bars first! Excuse me, gentlemen. I'd like a word with you. Oh, yes sir, your Honor...come in, sit down. Thank you. Now, I received the message you sent me through Mr. Brubaker and obviously I did what you suggested. Yes, sir. I'm glad it all worked out, too. At this point I'm not sure who it worked out for. You two are Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry, aren't you? I mean there's no question about that, is there? Your Honor...if we thought we could deny it - we would - but it's too easy to check on us. I'm Hannibal Heyes... he's Kid Curry. You have me completely mystified. Why, did you tip me off this was going to happen? Well, we've been trying to clean up our record. Go straight. Well, that doesn't answer my question. You're both wanted, with sentences of 20 years waiting for you in Wyoming. Trying to go straight isn't going to take one day off those sentences. Why didn't you try to escape when you had the chance? Oh, I'm not sure we did have the chance. Our friends over there... think we're the cause of all their troubles. They're right. I don't think would have got very far from here alive. We're worth $10,000 apiece dead - those boys over there know it. I have a feeling you're leaving something out. Well, there's a little more to it, your Honor, that we haven't just mentioned - Some kind of - extra... ...which were not at liberty to talk about - but with all due respect. I see... in other words, the governor's offered you the same deal he offered Billy Brewster. I beg you pardon? The governor offered Billy Brewster an amnesty, if he would stay out of trouble for a couple of years and he did. And he's got the amnesty, now. Is that what we're talking about with your two boys? Your Honor, you said it. We didn't. The governor's deal is a secret. Well, I can understand the political reasoning behind that. But I don't understand about tonight. You haven't got your amnesty yet, that means staying here in jail tonight cost you your freedom for 20 years. Well sir... I admit it is some kind of a puzzle, but that's what we decided to do. And being law-abiding gets to be kind of a habit, your Honor. And you have nothing more to add, huh? Your Honor, I don't think there is any more. Judge - I found it, I found it! Every last greenback... under the floorboards of the sheriff's cabin. Well, I understand something about what happened here tonight. Brubaker... I'm appointing you to represent these two men here - I want to see them in my courtroom in ten minutes. Tonight, your Honor? Ten minutes, Brubaker! As you know gentlemen, I am awaiting extradition papers on you. Yes, sir. I understand Mr. Heyes that you have in your possession 8 dollars and 12 cents. Is that correct? Yes, your Honor. You Mr. Curry you have 12 dollars and 21 cents? Yes, your Honor. In view of the fact that you're not in jail on a capital offense, and since you're both costing the township money to feed you, I've decided to let you out on bail. Bail for you Mr. Heyes will be 8 dollars and 12 cents. Bail for you Mr. Curry will be 12 dollars and 21 cents. And now that you're both out on bail, let me tell you something. I don't approve of bail-jumping. In this country, as you probably know, we frequently use bail as a means of collecting fines. People put up bail, and in many cases, we never expect to see them again. Have I made myself clear? Court is adjourned. Heyes... I just want to say one thing... next time you decide to stake our lives on a hunch about another man's character, count me out. Judge Hanley? Kid...when I saw the look on his face when he heard Clitterhouse double-crossed us I knew it was gonna work. Oh, you did, did you? Well, it didn't work. Heyes, Wyoming only wants to take 20 years away from me. You just took 30 years... off my life. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 