Alias Smith and Jones: Season 2, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alias Smith and Jones 
 s2e8 - Night of the Red Dog - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alias Smith and Jones (1971–1973): Season 2, Episode 8 - Night of the Red Dog - full transcript 
 A Seinfeldesque "show about nothing" begins with plenty as Heyes, Curry, a doctor, an undertaker and a cowboy see an old man stagger and fall in the street. It takes all of them to lift him because he's carrying more than his weight in gold dust. Thinking he's dying, the old man lets his benefactors work the mine. They all make out like bandits -- until the old man shows up very much alive and orders them off his property, though he'll let them keep what they've taken so far. Heyes and Curry prepare to leave with their cache, only to find out someone else has literally made out like a bandit and stolen it. Then a snowstorm buries the cabin. The old man grudgingly lets the group stay there for the winter (fortunately, he has enough supplies for five extra people). Eager to find out who stole their gold, the boys start a poker game with the other three men. When the doctor, a bad poker player, gives hints that he may be the thief, the boys introduce a variant called "Montana Red Dog," where the doctor keeps betting big on the next card being turned over. Despite the prospector's warning that "Montana Red Dog is a game for suckers," the doctor eventually loses all his chips. But that doesn't conclusively prove that he's the thief, and Curry catches pneumonia in the meantime. Heyes nurses him with the doctor's stethoscope, and thinks of a new use for the device in the meantime. But will that stop the thief? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 There is a walking preachment on the evils of drink. Did you say walking? He's not drunk...must be sick. The darnest thing I ever saw... he dropped right down like was poleaxed. Isn't dead, is he? No, but he didn't look too good. There's are doctor's office around here? No, but there's an undertaker's establishment over there. We can get him out of the sun and send for the doctor. Let's get him up. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 He can't be that heavy! Well he is! Either that or he's nailed down! Come on. Yeah, come on...let me get a crack at 'em. All by yourself, huh? That just ain't plump natural! You help us? I think we're gonna need all the help we can get. Sure. Oh well, put him right in there, boys. Just lay 'em on the cot. I'll be right with you. All right. We're not bringing in your business. This one's alive. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I better go fetch the doc... I ain't seen nothing to beat this since the carpenter's boy ate a barrel of nails. Is that what I think it is? Yep. No wonder, we couldn't lift him... it's packing enough gold to start his own private mint. Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry The two most successful outlaws in the history of the West and in all the trains and banks they robbed they never shot anyone. This made our two latter-day Robin Hoods very popular with everyone but the railroads and the banks. There's one thing we gotta get, Heyes. What's that? Out of this business. The governor can't come flat out and give you amnesty now first you gotta prove you deserve it. So, all we've got to do is just stay out of trouble until the governor figures we deserve amnesty? But in the meantime we'll still be wanted? Well, that's true until then only you me and the governor will know about it. It'll be our secret. That's a good deal? I sure wish the governor let a few more people in our secret. Which of you gentlemen is the patient? The one lying down with his eyes closed, Doctor. Oh...certainly. That's not Doc Barton. Yeah, I know. Well, where's Doc Barton? He's up at the Fisher's place, trying to set old man Fisher's busted leg. This here fella he was waiting for the stagecoach. Dr. Chauncey Beauregard, at your service. Now, what seems to be wrong with the old gentleman? Well, it could be that he's just suffering from exhaustion, Doc. He was carrying about 200 pounds of gold around in his pockets. 200 pounds...of gold? It's remarkable. Truly remarkable. Don't believe I've met you, boys. I'm, Ralph Martin, the undertaker. Joshua Smith. Now, hi Joshua. Thaddeus Jones. Thaddeus Jones, this here is Jason Holloway, and that there is Billy Boggs. Howdy. A pleasure. What...what happened? You just lay quiet, my good man... I'm Dr. Beauregard. I'm examining you. How is he, Doc? His heart it faint, very faint. I can hardly hear it beating. Does he have any family here in town? Anyone we should notify? He don't live here. Doggone it, what do you fellas are whispering about over there? I'm sorry, but... your condition is serious, sir. Might even say it's grave. Perhaps you'd care to tell us your name. Your next of kin. Is it that bad? I'm afraid so Name's Clarence Boles. I ain't got no family. But what is this? A hospital? Nope, undertaking parlor. It's all right, Old Timer... we just brought you in here because it was the closest place to get you in and off the street. Doc, you sure I'm gonna...you know? I don't think you should talk anymore, Mr. Boles. You just lie still. Doc, take off my left boot. The left one. Look inside under the sole. What is it, Old Timer? If you'd open it, you'd see it's a map. That's what it is, all right. Shows you the place where I panned my dust. I'd hate to see all the rest of it... going to waste so...I'm giving you fellas... that there map. Mr. Boles, you stop talking. I have stopped. Said all I gotta say. And that certainly is a plain enough map. Look, he's even built a cabin there. Hey Doc, you keeping track of the time? Your stagecoach is gonna be leaving town any minute now, you know? Let it leave. I'm on holiday. I like it right here. Gentlemen, this is a clear case of a deathbed gift. It's all perfectly legal. He's still breathing, but very weak. Well as I was telling the others, this map belongs to us. Now we have to decide what we want to do with it. The first thing that comes to mind, of course is that we all go up there and see what we can do with the gold mine ourselves. About you Doc, that's what we'd like to do. So, would I. Me too. Uh-huh...me too. What do you mean, so would you? You're not in on this! What do you mean, I'm not in on this? He gave the map to us. He didn't say 'except you, Undertaker'. Oh, I'm in on this! Oh - well then, it seems we're all going. How'd you boys poked around that creek bottom yet? Well we sure did. And we liked what we saw! Delightful spot, isn't it gentleman? All this natural beauty. A good part of which we hope to take with us. Hey, well I guess we better be heading back to the cabin. I think we have a few little details that need working out. Hey, fellas! Wait for me! Gentlemen, I think that we're going to have to divide the area up into six sections... one to each man, and each one of us will have incentive, we can work as hard as we like. That sounds good. Who's gonna decide which section goes to which man? Well, to be absolutely fair about it, I suppose we could deal out some cards - highest man gets first choice, second highest second choice, third highest third choice... Uh, I think we can figure out the rest, Doc. Who's got the cards I brought along some cards and chips. One other suggestion. I think it would be a mistake for us to hide our gold dust here in the cabin. You suggesting, some of us aren't as trustworthy as we ought to be, Doctor? Uh-huh, no. No, no. Not at all... but if someone were to come along to rob us and we were all out working, and we were hiding our gold right here in the cabin, we'd all be wiped out. Makes sense to me. Then let's find our own hiding places and it's each man's personal business where he cashes is dust. Well then, shall I draw first? Unless you want to draw first to see who draws first. Well, as they said in medical school in Atlanta: character is fate. How much you figure we got now? A lot. At least 15,000 - and maybe a lot more. And we've only been here for what? Five weeks? It's a nice way to get rich: Just enough work so it feels honest. Oh Heyes, maybe we finally made it! Maybe we finally got a stake that'll get us down to South America and we can just disappear down there until there's no one telling what has happened. Kid, hard work agrees with you - you're beginning to think just like me. I'm afraid I got some unwelcome news, boys. Time we get started back - unless we want to spend the whole winter up here. And I figure I got about $30,000, and I'm satisfied. $30,000? I've got less than 20. Why don't we stay 'till the end of the week? Jake, I only got 7,000 myself but I flat out ain't complaining. What about you Doc? You never mentioned how you're doing. Well now, I just didn't want to discourage the rest of you. The fact is I'm - I'm doing quite well great deal better than the rest of you. As it brings to mind a young lad I met in medical school in Baltimore son of a very wealthy family... Doc - the last time you talked about your medical school it was in Atlanta. My dear young man, a doctor often attends more than one school. Wait a minute! Something wrong, Thaddeus? Yeah. Another horse in the corral. Not to mention a new mule. You - you know what you are? You're a danged ninny, that's what! Why, I ain't even a little bit dead! Well, don't everybody stand around with your mouths open. Come on in here - we've got things to settle! Anybody who tell a man, he's only got a couple hours to live but all he is, is tired from carrying around all that gold dust oughta be strung up! Truly remarkable recovery. I can't believe there wasn't anything wrong with you. Oh, there's something wrong with me, all right, or I've come up here a month ago and throwed you all out. I had what the doctor called a... hernia from can run all 'em sacks of gold. Laid me up for spell. Do you mean, you're gonna take your gold mine back? You're doggone right, I am! And just to make sure it's legal, I find me a claim on this place! So, you're all claim jumpers! Gosh, Mr. Boles not ain't very friendly. We've been working awful hard, you know? Well, how I tell you what. Seen as how I did give you fellas that map, I'll let you keep all the gold you panned out until now. But as of today, you're all through! So, pack up your stuff and get off my claim! Well even if we do have to leave today, we still got enough to last quite a few years in South America, don't we? Heyes - don't we? How about a weekend in Nogales? It was there last night... three sacks full. This is the right rock, isn't it? You know it is. That's just what I figured... almost $30,000 worth. Me next. You must have been dogging it son you ain't got for 11,000. Hot darn! I only figured I had 7! Oh, you're still the champion, Doc - 65,000. Our smilin' undertaker's got 30 and Jason has almost 20. Well, come on in, boys. I'm just trying to figure out how much the doctor's lamebrain diagnosis is costing me. How much gold you got? That's it, Clarence. Right around $400. 400? That's all you got? It's all we've got this morning. Last night we had about $20,000 hidden away - maybe 25. Not hidden as well as it should have been. You mean... someone went and took it? No, stole it, Billy... stole it's the word. Stole. Well, it appears to me there are three alternatives. Either it was a stranger or was Clarence here or it was one of us. You know, Doc... I'm starting to take a healthy dislike for you all over again! First of all, it wasn't me, 'cause I already got $80,000 in the bank at Wilksburg. And I happen to own this here claim like I figure is good for plenty more. And I don't think it was no stranger, 'cause what stranger coming around would would take only one cash and then go away? That's the way we figured it. If was an outsider day to stuck around with a gun and taking everybody's gold. So, you can just forget them two altercations, Doc, and get to the third. Which is - it's one of you! Well, it certainly wasn't me. Everyone knows, I was doing extremely well. Doc, you've been saying you were doing well, but we haven't had any proof of that 'till now. Now, it turns out that you did just as well as all the rest of them put together. I had the choices section of creek bottom... everybody agreed I picked the best spot. You didn't do too badly for someone who had last choice... the section everyone thought was gonna be the poorest. He's got a point there. You came out with the second highest tally. Well, I'm not so sure any of those stretches of creek bottom are all that poor... depends on how much work you put in. I put in plenty. Let's just forget it for now. I guess, we just got unlucky, partner. Yeah...I guess you're right. Kind of nippy this morning, isn't it? Yeah...durned if it ain't. Guess, you'll be glad to get the place back to yourself again after we headin' to town today, huh? What's so funny, Clarence? It's cold. Guess, I start saddling up the horses. You durned greenhorns waited too long! Ain't nobody going anywhere 'till spring! You boys weren't as dump as you could have been... with the stuff I brought up, there's a good three-month supply of grub for everybody... so ain't anybody gonna starve, anyhow. Well, that's some comfort I suppose, but I for one don't feel that this situation is very appealing, and I don't mind telling you. Nobody's wild about being snowed in for the winter, Doc... but we could be worse off. Being snowed in with amiable companions is one thing... but being trapped in a one-room cabin with a thief - well, that's something else again. You're complaining about? Nobody stole your dust. I'm thinking of the months ahead. These two unhappy lads who worked so hard, they're gonna be staring at every one of us - including me - wondering who the guilty party is. Now, that's gonna make for a long cold winter. Well, drove the horses and mules in that little valley down below us... pretty sheltered there... snow shouldn't be too deep for 'em to paw down to the grass. Well, I'm still wondering what we are gonna do, besides sit around and stare at one another all winter long. Mind if I make a suggestion? Anybody for - poker? Kings and tens. Well, six high straight. You're just overplaying that two pairs, Doc. Cards. Jason, maybe you better put me down for five hundred more. Gimme those cards. Yeah. Well, that cough sounds like it's getting pretty bad. Just tell me a good hand I'll be fine. Everybody in. I pass. I'm out. I open for 50. I pass. And me, I can't play. Hey, what's the matter? You need some more room or something? Hey, hey... what's wrong with you? Now, that's the durnest thing I ever saw, he dropped right... Yeah, yeah, I know. Just like he was poleaxed. How about give me a hand we'll get him into the storeroom it's not that drafty in there. I get that saddle. What you think you're doing? Listening to his heart. It's beating much too fast. Yeah? Let me. Don't sound too fast to me. I'm sorry but it is. If you want to compare it to a normal heartbeat, just listen to mine. Some difference. I don't even know why I'm listening to you. I don't even think you're a real doctor. I certainly am a real doctor! Doc, I didn't mean to upset you. You didn't upset me... I'm not a bit upset! You're not? Let me listen your heart again. Doc, what was the name of that town where you got your degree in surgery? I got it at the University of Baltimore. You know some, Doc? I think, I've just discovered something amazing. What's that? I'm not sure... let me try again. Yeah. You're sure, now, you're not mad at me? Of course, not - what are you doing? Doc, are you really an honest-to-gosh medical doctor? Of course, I am. You know, now, I'm really worried about my friend. How's that, may I ask? 'Cause every time I ask you a question about whether you're a real doctor not, your heart starts beating faster. And if it's not because you're mad at me, maybe it's because you're lying? I am not mad and I'm not lying. And I don't understand what you're talking about. I'm not sure I do either - but I just wish you'd leave my friend alone. Well that's perfectly all right with me... but if you were to ask my opinion, he's got pneumonia. All right - if he has got pneumonia what are you gonna do for him? Unhappily there... there really isn't anything I can do for him. Well, that's fine because I just think he's got a bad cold! How you feeling today? Better... You got to. You slept another 10 hours. The fevers gone, I think... Oh, that's good. 'Cause I sure am tired just laying here. Must have been the touch of the grippe. I guess. I feel pretty good. You sure? Oh, yeah. Let's get back that poker game. Still going on, ain't it? Oh, yeah. Just don't be in such a hurry. I think, I figured out who stole our gold dust. Who? Good old Doc Beauregard. In fact, I discovered quite a few things in the last 3 days. I discovered that when the doc lies, he gets so nervous his heart starts beating faster. I listened to it with that rubber tube of his, so I know he's no doctor. I have to use his ear tube to figure that out but that still doesn't mean took our dust. Anybody who goes around claiming he's a doctor when he isn't, is crooked enough to steal. All right - so maybe we know who did it. But that means that our dust is mixed up with his. So, how we ever gonna be able to prove that? We don't have to. I've been watching him in that game. You know something? Old Doc Beauregard is a very bad gambler. In fact, he's so bad he'd be a perfect mark for... Montana Red Dog. Heyes - I think you're right! He plays cards like the man they invented Montana Red Dog for! I tell you boys, I'm getting bored with poker. We got a long way to go. Why don't we play some a little more exciting? Like what? Well, Montana Red Dog. Hot darn - Montana Red Dog! Now that's a good one! I love Montana Red Dog! That's a pretty dangerous game, but I don't mind. What in the world is Montana Red Dog? Well, that's a very simple game, Doc... it's even simpler than poker. Yeah? I'll show you how it goes. You get five cards, same as in poker. Now I'm gonna turn over another card. But before I do, you take a look at your hand. If you think you can beat the card I'm about to turn over, in the same suit, then you've got a pretty good hand. Well, I - I feel I have a good hand. Well, then you should make a big bet. Anything from $100 to the size of the pot. I've seen some mighty big pots build up in a game... sometimes thousands of dollars. Now, you say you've got a pretty good hand, huh? All right, let's take a look at it. Now Doc, that's what I call a good hand in this game. Let's see if it'll win. I'd beat it! Well, what do you say...you won't play? Why not? All right...everybody ante up $100. Can't beat it. I thought I couldn't lose! It's easy, when you know how. Hardly. Oh, blast - I thought all those diamonds were out! All but about half of 'em, Doc. Well, how about it, Doc? Your Luck's been running pretty good so far ...how much you go for this time? I'm betting - $1,000. I don't see how you can miss, Doc. Neither did I...but I did. I don't have a heart in my hand. That's too bad, Doc. I'm betting the usual 100. Oh, look at that! Just beat it. You and your partner never change your bets- the minimum almost every time. Most of the time you got better hands than I do. I guess it's just a difference in personality stuff. Jones and me here we're pretty cowardly by nature... when it comes to gambling, anyway. Well, I'm glad you said that, so I don't have to. They can't be too cowardly. They took plenty of your money in poker... a lot of ours, too. Oh well, it's the luck of the righteous, boys. You gonna bet? Oh, yeah - 00:31:21,972 --> 00:31:23,706 How much have I got left in the 'bank'? You got 48,000 left out of the original 65. All right... what size's the pot - 5,000? Yes, right on the nose, Doc - and most of it your money, too. Doc, I got no kind feeling towards you, but Montana Red Dog is a game for suckers, and you're a sucker. Yes, siree! I can see it all happening... now most of the money in that pot is yours - so you're gonna bet the size of the pot. Next time around you're gonna be so worried who's gonna win the pot, that you're gonna bet the size of the pot again, no matter how bad a hand's you got... Clarence you're not in the game... why don't you just go sit down over there and not be giving advice to people. No - he's right - I'm gonna bet just what I have in chips - it's 300. I knew, I should have bet the size of that pot! You old meddler - why don't you keep your mouth like Jones says? I'm right sorry, Doc - I guess, I gave you a bad diagnosis just like you've done to me! How much you're writing it for, Doc? The size of the pot - 6,000. It's - it's got you, ain't it, Doc? Every time it comes around here now, you're gonna bet what's in a pot, 'cause you think I can't lose every time, and you're scared to death somebody's gonna take the pot away from you. But now you watch out, Doc. 'cause you can't go out betting the size of the pot forever. No, siree! Hush up - blast you! All of it - 12,000. The size of the pot - 25,000. Doc - you just don't living right. Ralph's, your deal. What's the size of the pot? 51,000 Doc. You can only bet 5,000. 5,000 - why? That's all you got left in the bank. That's what's wrong with your theory betting the size of the pot every time. It only works if you never run out of money. All right. All right. 5,000 It's too bad, Doc. Looks like you're broke. Joshua, you remember that loan I made you in Denver? What? Oh, oh, that loan! Yeah. What about it? I want it back, now. Oh well, you sure picked a fine time to start prodding me about that. That loan was for $12,000. You're gonna knock me out of the game. Yeah. I need the money though... and you owe it to me, so pay it back. I wanna bet what's in the pot. You know - sometimes you're kind of hard to get along with. Now wait a minute, you can't borrow from him - you've got to play what's in front of you. I'm not borrowing - he just admitted he owed me money and now he's paying it back. Oh, go on - let him make his bet. Yeah, let him bet. We're not playing table stakes. I sure hope, you know what you're doing Thaddeus. Well, I think I do. I'm gonna bet what's in the pot. And if he don't win, that means there's over $100,000 in that pot. What's in there now 56,000 - right? Well, I think. I've got just about enough to cover it. I hope, your hand is as good as you think it is. Well, let's find out. Look at this - he had a cinch hand - an absolute cinch. See...there's an ace King - and all the high diamonds are out down to the 10. I have the King of Spades... and Doc has the other three aces. You see what I mean? He just plain couldn't lose. And we let him borrow enough to take the whole pot. Well...you agreed to it, didn't you? Yep - I agreed. Gentlemen - I'm through gambling until spring. And not only am I quitting, but I want to get paid. So, I'm cashing in the IOUs and the chips if that's all right with you. Let's start first with you, Doc. I seem to have a lot of pieces of paper here with your initials on it. Jason. What? I'm sorry. I can't let you go out. Why not? 'Cause my friend and me left the cabin in the middle of the night last night and hid our gold dust again. That's right... and we don't want anybody going outside until there's nice fresh snow to cover our tracks. When it snows enough to cover the tracks, you can open the door and admire the scenery all you want - but not until then. You're a gentleman, Jason. Boys. My partner and I have a little favor to ask. Yeah. I know it is. You want to teach us a new card game, that's even better than Montana Red Dog. No, I'll save any new card games for the next time we're all snowed in together. Now what I was gonna say is... well there's somebody here we don't trust. Of course, we don't know who it is. So, we'd like to leave now, since we're the only ones with anything worth stealing anymore. It's gonna be kind of rough crossing the pass and fording the creeks for the next few days. Yeah, we know that, Clarence... but we don't mind if the rest of you don't mind staying behind. Give us a couple days head start. As long as we have your agreement that... each one of you will be the others keeper. Just to make sure, that nobody follows us and bushwhacks us on the trail. Well, sounds fine to me - and I don't mind... in fact, I'd probably do the same thing myself if I was packing all that gold out of here. That's all right with me. Now Clarence is taking his spring bath, the place is almost livable. Why, you old... We really appreciate it. Thank you. 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 Oh Kid, there's our rock. Boy, looks even better without the snow on it. Yeah. Oh, no. Kid, that's not possible - there's gotta be some mistake! Oh, it's a mistake, all right. Ours, because that's exactly where we put it. I just don't believe it! I do. I don't think God meant for us to be rich. Oh no, don't tell me... Yeah, Clarence, that's right... whoever did it, did it again. But that's impossible - you went out in the snow. Oh, it's possible, yes siree. I didn't say anything, because I didn't want to give anybody any ideas. I guess, you fellas ain't used to snow country, huh? No. Why? Well if you was, you'd know that the snow would look different where your tracks was. Just enough so anybody who's been around snow country could sweep away the snow with a tree branch and follow your tracks right to your cache. That clears me. I don't know anything about snow country either. Boys, I want you to ask you a favor. What's that? I want to ask each one of you right to your face if you stole our dust. Well, all right. Good. You bet... Well, heck - you can ask me first. You know dang well I didn't get your gold. Wait a minute, I'm not finished. I want to ask you the question with Doc Beauregard?s rubber tube in my ear. What for? Well I got a hunch about something. I'm asking you to do me a favor. Will you do it? I don't see why not. All right Clarence, did you steal our gold? Nope, I sure didn't. How about you Ralph? Did you take it? Absolutely not, boys. What do you think you're doing? I'm asking you the question, too. Me? I am your partner. Well, that's right, but... it wouldn't be fair if I didn't ask everybody... that means I ask you. Did you steal our gold? Well, you are a little weird sometimes, did I ever mention that? No, I didn't steal our gold. Thank you. Your turn, Jason. Did you take our gold? No, sir - I did not. Did you take our gold, Billy? No, sir, I did not steal your dust. No, sir. All right, thanks. Doc, did you steal the dust from my friend and me? I certainly did not and I do resent being asked. That's all, boys. No siree, that is not all. Give me that thing! What are you doing? Like you said it wouldn't be fair not to ask everybody, so I'm asking you did you steal our gold? Doggone it, you know I wouldn't steal from my own partner... Did you say anything yet. I wouldn't steal from my own partner. As I was saying, boys, thanks for your cooperation. Thaddeus, let's talk. Where are we right? No, it's not the fake doc, Kid. My theory is right it's, Jason. Everybody else's heart stayed the same when they answer that question, except Jason's. It was really a big difference? Oh, all the difference in the world. I think he's getting ready. he was looking at the stagecoach schedule yesterday and this morning. He said he might be going out of town for a couple days. Where is he, now? He just went down to the stables. Thanks, Mr. Smith. Thank you, Florence. Jason, don't tell us it happened to you, too? Answer the question, Jason. Did it happen to you, like it happened to us? Fellas... not that I have the foggiest notion of what you're talking about, but yes, it happened to me, too. Heck - I thought I was gonna enjoy a little company - been mighty lonesome up here since all you fellows went back to town. But you just gonna sit there like a bunch of lumps. Well, you know how it is, Clarence. We've been rich and we've been busted so many times the last few months. We're all kind of wrung out. I sure would like to know who wound up with that $112,000 in dust. So, would I. Just out of idle curiosity, of course. You want my opinion? It was that fake doctor. I know, Clarence. We suspected him, too. He's just naturally the kind of man you suspect, because you just naturally kind of dislike him. Didn't like him but that ain't the reason why I think he got your gold. Well, why, then? On account of because... I don't think he slept a wink after he lost that Montana Red Dog game. There wasn't a night he wasn't watching everything what happened. I know 'cause I'm a light sleeper. and every time I looked over his way, them little beady eyes of his was wide open. You didn't actually see him go out in the middle of the night, did you? Nope, then I didn't see Jason neither. Way I figure it, the doc saw you two boys go the night and hid your dust. And while he was figuring out what to do about it, he saw Jason has slipped out a couple of nights later. I'm telling you boys, the Doc's your man. He's the man you gotta find, if you ever expect to get your gold back. Yes. You're looking for Dr. Beauregard? Dr. Chauncey Beauregard? That's right. This is his office, isn't it? Yes, it is but... Well, can we see him, ma'am? May I ask - are you gentlemen friends of Dr. Beauregard? Oh, yes. Very good friends. We once lived with the good doctor. Oh, dear - that does make it very difficult then. I'm afraid I have some sad news for you, gentlemen. Sad news? Yes. You see, Dr. Beauregard passed on to his final reward. Just a little over a week ago. How? He unfortunately met his demise playing poker. Trying to teach people a game called Montana Red Dog. But if you were truly close to the doctor I'm sure you'll take comfort in knowing that something very worthwhile will come from his passing. He left $100,000 for the building of a wing on our hospital here. to be called the Dr. Chauncey Beauregard wing. Heyes, I've been thinking. What? Someday, when you and me are serving our 20-year sentence in the Wyoming State Prison, we can look at each other and honestly say: 'Well, our life wasn't a complete waste, the Dr. Chauncey Beauregard hospital wing wouldn't be there if it weren't for us.' 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 