Alias Smith and Jones: Season 2, Episode 18 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alias Smith and Jones 
 s2e18 - The Men That Corrupted Hadleyburg - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alias Smith and Jones (1971–1973): Season 2, Episode 18 - The Men That Corrupted Hadleyburg - full transcript 
 Heyes and Curry are captured by a farm family and brought into Hadleyburg. The farmer wants the bounty money, but has a change of heart and helps them escape. That puts the farmer and his wife into very hot water and make Heyes and Curry very ashamed. Help comes from detective Harry Briscoe, who's investigating a crooked gambling house in another town. Heyes goes to the house and plays blackjack, notices a marked deck at the start of the card game, and gets it replaced with an unmarked deck. He counts the cards in the old sharpie's trick and only making big bets when the deck is near the bottom and he can tell what he's likely to get on the last few hands. Briscoe watches incognito as Heyes wins $32,000. After realizing that Heyes is counting cards, the casino manager orders regular shuffles of the deck, at which time Heyes stops playing and reveals a collection of marked decks that the casino has hidden. Briscoe steps forward and busts the casino owner and dealer. With the money, Heyes and Curry go on a spending spree all over Hadleyburg, making so many civic improvements to the town that it's impossible to field a jury that hasn't been touched by their generosity (smooth lawyer Adam West helps out as well). When Briscoe is called to the stand, he testifies that Heyes and Curry came by the money honestly and are doing all this just to be nice. The judge does not direct an acquittal, rather, the farmer and his wife are pronounced "not guilty" by the jury. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ...you about finished? Prosecution rests, Your Honor. Rests? Goin' on my opinion it laid down and died! Matter of fact, your summation moves me to make a statement to this jury... Now, you people remember, a crime has been committed here in Hadleyburg. And while you are enjoying the benefits you better know where they're coming from! I got a calculation right here just how much those two highwaymen 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 spent in this town during the last week alone, and it's got to be at least $25,000 - maybe $35,000! Now, I ask you where were two notorious criminals, Curry and Heyes, get that amount of money? And I'll tell you where: they got it robbing banks and holding up trains! Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry The two most successful outlaws in the history of the West and in all the trains and banks they robbed they never shot anyone. This made our two Kansas cousins very popular with everyone but the railroads and the banks. There's one thing we gotta get, Heyes. What's that? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Out of this business. The governor can't come flat out and give you amnesty now first you gotta prove you deserve it. So, all we've got to do is just stay out of trouble until the governor figures we deserve amnesty? But in the meantime we'll still be wanted? Well, that's true until then only you me and the governor will know about it. It'll be our secret. That's a good deal? I sure wish the governor let a few more people in our secret. Kid, would you cut it out? Cut what out? Whatever it is you're doing. You're making me nervous. Well, I'm hanging around out in front of the Bannerman Detective Agency, that's what I'm doing. That's making me nervous, too! Well, it sure is. Relax. Relax? Tell me what I'm doing? I don't know what you're doing. But whatever it is - quit doing it! Yes, sir. Thank you, sir! You know, it always rests better knowing Harry Briscoe is on the job! Ladies. Harry! Look happy, Harry! You two! What are you doing here? The two of you right in front of the Bannerman Detective Agency. They've got men in there that do nothing but memorize wanted posters! We've been waiting for you, Harry, 'cause we've got to talk to you. What? Why? I can't afford to be seen with you, boys. And I'm in a terrible hurry - I got a stagecoach to catch! You don't have time to have a drink 2 of the best friends you'll ever gonna have, Harry? Sit down, Harry - this won't take long. All right - all right. What's this all about, anyway? Is that any way to talk to us? You wouldn't even have a job if it wasn't for us, saying 'what's this all about?'! What are you doing, Harry? Disguise. This is scary. I shouldn't be consorting with you, boys. I should be turning you in. What'd you say, Harry? What did you say? Joshing, Kid, just joshing! Can't you take joke, huh? We need a favor, old friend, and you owe us a big one. A big one? How big? Not fish, Harry, a favor. Yeah, yeah, I guess, I do... but honestly, boys, and no offense intended. I got a very important assignment in Colorado Springs and I got to get on that stagecoach. Harry, you remember these words? Quote: 'think how nice it would be to have a really grateful friend in the Bannerman Detective Agency.' Unquote. That was Harry Briscoe talking during one of his more desperate moments. What time does your stage leave, Harry? 4 o'clock. That's 2 hours from now! I know. I don't even know what are these you fellas want. Well, before we tell you that we better tell you why we want you to do it. Yeah...I'd like to know. When I do know I got a feelin' I ain't gonna like it. Harry, would you relax? You're gonna be on the stagecoach. Right now, just sit still and listen. All our problems started when Heyes and I were almost spotted in a saloon in Yuma. Fellow came in who arrested us once in Cheyenne a U.S. Marshal. Yeah. But we saw him first and headed out the back door before he spotted us. But the scare was so awful we just headed up into the hills... as far up into the hills as we could go... Found ourselves a nice stream with lots of fish in it. We camped out, living on fresh fish and pancakes and Heyes's coffee. It's the first time we got a chance to fish together since we were kids. What you thinking about, Kid? I'm thinking about something I've I've thought about before, but I never stayed with it too long. Made me nervous. Sounds kind of profound. Yeah. I was wondering: what was it? What made us go the way we went? How come you and I ended up with warrants for our arrest that could put us in jail for 20 years. Yeah, that's kind of funny... 'cause I've been thinking the same thing. I guess it's being way up here all alone. You might hear the answer I came up with? You mean, you actually came up with one? Maybe I'm just trying to make myself feel good... I got a suspicion I am. But... look at it this way, Kid - when you grow up in the middle of a war as bloody as that one was... how old we were anyway when it started? I don't know - ten, I guess. I remember the first time the Rebs overran our farm - listening to them tell their side of it - they were right! Just listening to them, I knew they were right. Except, when the Unionists came there, darned if they weren't right, too. All of them killing each other off, all of them absolutely right. And I believed them. I didn't, not after my folks were killed - not to mention yours. Yeah - I started having a doubt or two just about then... Anyway, it just doesn't seem like a big step, growing up in the middle of it, to where we are now. I remember real well, how I felt about it when we pulled our first job. It just didn't seem that different from everything we'd seen going on around us in the past five years. There's only one thing wrong with your answer, Heyes: if it was because we grew up during the war - how come everybody in the country didn't wind up with $20,000 on their heads? That's a good question. I think, I got the answer: the difference with us is we lost our folks when we did... So maybe, if they'd lived, we'd have grown up to be bank clerks or railroad conductors. But you grew up to be train and bank robbers, and I want you both to put up your hands! And come on now, Bess! Tommy! You boys come over here. Come on! We're gonna tie up, take you down to Hadleyburg and turn you in. They heard everything you said - about being wanted by the law. Who are they? Well, they were real nice folks it turned out. Matt and Bess Tapscott, and their little boy named Tommy. What were they doing way up there? Prospecting, Harry... Matt was a prospector. And he struck gold: us. How'd you get away? We didn't, exactly. We did get one chance to get away from them... that happened the next day. Hey, untie our feet. We can't keep our balance this way. He's right... it's not like we can do anything. We've got our hands tied behind us, you got a gun on us... it's not like we would do anything. All right, Tommy - do like they asked. Bess - I sure could use a drink of water. You watch them now, all right, Tom? Oh, sure. Why'd you do that? You could have got away. How? Our hands are tied, I can't pick up the gun. We just have to knock you out and jump off the wagon, hope your parents didn't see us. Knocking out a tough kid you are... Well, that's not easy. I never had a lady cook fish that I caught. It does make an improvement. Thank you, any compliment to the cook is appreciated. Not that we'd say anything uncomplimentary, with your husband there pointing a shotgun at us. Mr. Tapscott, isn't it a little unusual to take your family with you on prospecting trips. I guess it's kind of unusual for a prospector to even have a family. Only one I ever knew who did was Andy Potter. Andy Potter? I think I heard of him. I guess a lot of people did. Him and me went prospecting together once - Bess stayed behind she's gettin' in time for her to have Tommy. Anyhow, Andy and me come to this fork in the trail, he says to me 'Matt which way do you think we ought to go?' I says, 'I guess to the left...' he says, 'Well, I got a feeling we should go to the right.' So what happened? Two days later he hit the biggest strike this side of Virginia City. Sold out for $4,000,000. Andy - he was a heck of a nice fella, but I often wished, I'd got that feeling about going right, instead of him. Not that we need any $4,000,000. No, no - $20,000 will do us just fine... that was the figure you boys mentioned, wasn't it? Yeah. Mr. Tapscott, we're not gonna deny that we're Curry and Heyes... there's no use in doing that 'cause you heard everything we said back there. But what you didn't hear was that we haven't done any outlawin' in almost a year. That's right. If we can just stay out of trouble - and out of jail - the Governor of the Wyoming Territory is gonna cancel those warrants for our arrest and give us an amnesty. You expect me to swallow that? If you is to get amnesty, that'd be big news. Bess and me gets down to Hadleyburg we read the papers, we keep up with the world. Well, you wouldn't know about this, it's a secret. The governor is afraid of what it might do politically and so he doesn't want anyone to know about his promise. But he did make that offer. I'm sorry, boys, but Bess and me been living on dreams all our lives. $20,000... that's enough to stop dreamin' on. We could buy us a farm and Tommy could go to school just like any other kid. We heard the way you was talking about why you went wrong, but we can't let that change our minds. I'm sorry, boys. That's how it is. Put your hands out so Bess can tie up for the night. By golly - Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry in my jail! Man, I sure do thank you! To tell the truth, sheriff, I ain't so much interested in getting thanked as getting the rewards on these boys. Rewards? You know, there are rewards out on those two! Well now, let me see... Yeah, here we are... Hannibal Heyes there's a reward offered by Union Pacific, by Wells Fargo and by the Western Cattlemen's Association. You know that totals up to $10,000! That's a lot of money! Yep - and I think there's the same amount on the other one. I'll be darned if there ain't! You know the same people offering the same rewards on on Kid Curry! You know between the two of them you'll be collecting $20,000. Fine, how do I go about doing it? Well, you just notify these people by telegraph that you've got their men. In the meantime, I'll notify Wyoming. Matt, congratulations - you, too, Mrs. Tapscott. You folks finally struck pay dirt! Matt, I think, I'll take Tommy over the hotel now. All right, Bess...I'll be right along. Matt, you're gonna become mighty popular around here. Hadleyburg's gonna be famous - the town were the notorious Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry ended their life of crime. Matt, what's the matter with you? With me! What about you two... you look like your best friend just died... this's supposed to be celebration! Maybe we don't feel like celebrating. Well, why not? Everything we ever wanted we got! We're gonna get $20,000 - we'll be rich! So come on - eat! Celebrate! I don't feel very hungry. I guess I don't feel hungry, neither. I guess maybe we're all just too excited about all that money we're gonna get. You want to talk to them? You want to go in there and visit with 'em? Well, we got to know those boys pretty well, bring him in... I mean, it took four days. Just want to sit with him awhile - ain't that all right, sheriff? Well, I don't see anything wrong with it... it's just a little unusual, that's all. Well, all right, you'll have to go through the same rigmarole that everybody else does that's gonna visit a prisoner. Oh, sure... Nobody goes in that cell that I don't search first. What is that? Oh - that there's my gun. I can see what it is - but what's it doing in there, that's what I want to know? Poke down your backside like that? Well, that's where I always carry it... I mean, I'm no gunfighter, sheriff - don't carry no gun on my hip or nothing... but I always carry one. Well, I got a visitor for you, boys... Hello, Matt...! Well, how you fellas feeling? You need anything? Well, we're not feeling too chipper, Matt. They're gonna ship us off to Wyoming any day now. You know that you mention it, there is something we need. A key to that lock. Well - how's is the food? Matt - have you ever been in jail? No - I never have. Well, if you ever had, you wouldn't ask how's the food. Especially he'd ever been in this jail. Tommy wants me to say hello - and Bess does too... she said for me to say hello. Oh, that's nice - give them both our best. Sheriff - I guess we're through visiting. See ya, boys - I'll tell I'll tell Bess that you don't like the food. Maybe she can cook you up something. Thanks, Matt. I don't understand it, but I do appreciate it. Hey, look here what Mrs. Tapscott sent over for you fellas - blackberry pie! Yeah, it does look like a blackberry pie. How about giving me a piece? Well, if there's any left when we're through we'll consider your request. What are we supposed to eat it with our fingers? Gonna give me a piece? We must tell the sheriff you're soliciting bribes. Doing what? Never mind...we'll give you some pie just give us a plates and forks. Sure smells delicious. Heyes, wouldn't it be funny if I started cutting into this pie and there was a file in it? You've been reading too many dime novels. I can always dream, can I? Heyes, did I hear what I just think I heard? I think so. But I don't believe it. Deputy - we have a piece of pie for you. How is it - pretty good? I think maybe it's the finest pie ever baked. My mother makes the finest pies ever baked. No, she doesn't. I think we better wait 'till late tonight... otherwise they might be able to figure out where we got the gun. Anyway, the powders probably all wet. What difference does that make?! We ain't gonna use it... just gonna point it! Well, I sure am glad to see you, sheriff. I'm about clean wore out, just struggling to keep my eyes open. Well, now why don't you go on home and give up the struggle. Now, git out of there! I'll see you in the mornin', sheriff. Now? Yeah. Hey, sheriff, we see you for a minute? We got something to discuss with you, sheriff. Why don't you, boys, have a heart, it's going on one o'clock in the morning... Where did you get the gun? Well now, there've been a lot of people in and out here today, sheriff, you figure out where we got it. But let us out before you start figuring, all right? Are you sure, you're doing the right thing? Oh, yeah. Pretty sure. Now have a seat, sheriff. I can't see why are you trying that to me. I want you to take your bandana across your mouth. You just wait over here... I'd see it a little tighter... I still hear you! Go to sleep, yeah? Well, that's about all there was to it. It was a little scary gettin' those horses saddled, expecting the roof to fall in on us any second... But we could've spared ourselves the worry. Besides us, the sheriff was probably the only one awake in the whole town. You know... the most fascinating thing about that story? It's fact, it has nothing to do with me. Oh, but it does, Harry. You see, we want to find out if our friends are all right. Now, you as a detective in the Bannerman Agency you could send a telegraph to Hadleyburg and find out. Nobody would be suspicious about that. Just say that you're interested in finding the whereabouts of the Tapscott family, for a client. And sign it 'Harry Briscoe, Bannerman Detective Agency'. And that's all you want me to do!? That's all, Harry. Why didn't you say so?! You know there's nothing in the world, I wouldn't do for you two boys. Well, I don't know if you fellas will like the answer, but there it is. We had a right to worry... 'Mr. and Mrs. Tapscott about to go on trial for aiding and abetting escape of 2 outlaws.' Signed Sheriff Pintell. What are we gonna do? I just don't know. Hey, you could break 'em out of jail. Harry, we told you: they got a little 10-year-old son. Now, you think making fugitives out of them is gonna be helping them out? No, I guess not. Hey, you know something? I don't think there's anything you can do for 'em. But... you might be able to help me. What? What did you say? I said, you might be able to help me. Help you do what, Harry? This assignment I got. Look, will you get on that stagecoach and leave us alone to think? We've got a problem. What can you do about that? Except, give yourselves up. And even that won't help them. Now, we figured that out for ourselves Harry. All right, then... now... a very rich man who lives right here in Denver went to Colorado Springs for his health. Some of the richest people in the world - all the way from Philadelphia and Boston - go there. It's for their health, see... they got these Springs there. That must be why they call it 'Colorado Springs'. That's right! Good thinking, Curry! Anyway, this client of ours who lives right here in Denver... he's the man who hired us... Must be why they call him a 'client'. Now, come on, boys... I listened to your story! Okay, Harry. Come on, tell us. Well, anyway, our client went to Colorado Springs and lost $17,000 at the Silver Palace Casino... biggest gambling casino in the whole of Colorado Springs. Now, he thinks the games are crooked. So, he hired our agency, I'm going there to get the evidence. Harry, you wouldn't find any evidence if they put it under your pillow. A crooked gambling house in Colorado Springs? Yeah, that's what I said - the Silver Palace Casino. They gambled for high stakes there? Didn't I tell you - our client lost $17,000 there. Harry, I think we're gonna help you - 'cause it just might help us! Sorry, Mr. Langley... better luck tomorrow. What is the limit? The limit per bet, sir? Yes, per bet. $100. Is that all? Isn't possible to have a limit raised in special cases? Well the, house does make exceptions now and then - in special cases, as you say. Are you a special case, sir? Well, I happen to be Mr. Carlton Balfour of Baltimore, Maryland. Does that answer your question? Well, yes, Mr. Balfour, I think it certainly does. May I be of service, sir? I'm the manager. I was inquiring about the limit. I'd like to raise it. I see...well, Mr. Balfour, was it...? May I enquire, sir, did you intend playing cash or credit? For cash, of course. I may establish credit later but until that time, I intend to play with cash. Well, I see. I think we can accommodate you, Mr. Balfour. Raise the limit to 500 for Mr. Balfour, Cobb. Oh, dear...no, no, no... Something wrong, sir? Well, I had hoped for something a bit more stimulating... say $1,000 at the very least. All right... the limit for Mr. Balfour will be $1,000... He's a special case. Oh, by the way, since I intend to play with cash, I expect the House will, too. I see, you enjoy the chink of the golden coins, sir. Very well... anything to please - that's our motto. Thank you. Just a moment - just one moment, please! Something else, sir? May I ask your name, sir? Phillips. Well, Mr. Philips, I think you'd better check your dealers... because this is a marked deck. Marked, sir? There's no way anyone could bring a marked deck into this establishment. I beg to differ, Mr. Phillips... allow me to demonstrate. As you see I have been dealt 15... ordinarily I wouldn't hit 15. But I can tell by the back of the top card on this deck that it's under five. You see the diamond pattern along the edge? It has only about a quarter of the diamonds showing. Now when only a quarter of the diamond shows, that means it's under five... but please don't deal it to me, I understand there's something called 'dealing seconds'. Now, really, sir... Now, if it's all the same, I'd rather take the card off myself... just put the deck down. Yes. Now, I have 18, which is much better. And I certainly wouldn't want to take that next card, because the diamonds showing is almost full. And when the diamond is full that means the card is either a 10 or a face card. May I? Well, by all means... And now this next card this next card has just about half of the diamond showing... that means it's between 6 and 9. Yes... an 8, actually. I'm awfully sorry Mr. Phillips if this has embarrassed you, but it's obvious that you've had a dishonest dealer in here one time or another... not you, my good man, I'm sure... Mr. Phillips, I just happened to be with the George Bannerman Detective Agency, and I'm confiscating that deck. And I think you owe this young man a lot of thanks... for stopping the game before any money changed hands... could have meant serious charges for the casino. Very serious charges. I'm very sorry, Mr. Phillips, I had no idea there was a Bannerman Detective lurking nearby. Had I known that I would have probably spoken to you in private. Because I don't want anything interrupt my gambling. No, no, no, Mr. Balfour. You were absolutely right in speaking up. And that deck may very well be marked, but it certainly isn't one of our decks. No, sir. That's one of our official decks... and you may check it - in fact, I insist that you do so - you'll find it's absolutely straight. Yes... this is an unmarked deck. I hope you're satisfied, sir... because I am. Let us proceed with the game. $50 - same as before. 50 cents. You're having a nice run of luck. I'll bet the limit now... 1,000. Ah another winner, sir. Yes, it seems so. 50 cents, please. Thank you. You gentlemen would excuse me for a minute... You see what he's doing? Yeah - he's beating our brains out. Yeah, but he's doing something... he's playing some kind of a system. No, he's not playing any system. There cant be any system in blackjack. No, he's just having to run of luck, that's all. Wouldn't you stay with him and ride him out, you'll get our money back and more - besides... the odds are 5 % in our favor even an honest game. Yeah, I don't know he... he seems to know just when to bet and when to hold back. He doesn't win every big bet that he makes, but he sure does most of them. Yeah, will you just go back in there and deal to the man - our percentage 'll take care of him sooner or later. 00:35:57,030 --> 00:35:58,279 You're right... he's playing a system. I'll just figured it out. What's he doing? You see, never makes a big bet until you're down to only about 12 cards to deal. He's memorized every card that fell before that. So in the time you get to the bottom of the deck, he knows whether to take it or not. You see the odds are way out there for him. What can I do about it? Close the table? No. Just deal out half the deck and then reshuffle. Now, just a minute, there... what are you doing? I'm shuffling the deck. Before they evolved and dealt out? That's against the rules. I'm sorry, sir... there's nothing in the rules against shuffling in the middle of blackjack game. Not in Hoyle and certainly not in the house rules. Do you plan to go on doing it? Just as long as you continue to play, sir. I finally figured out what you were doing Oh, well... I guess, I'll have to be happy with my 32,000. One more thing before I go, though... I think we've done you enough favors, Mr. Balfour. Oh, no, this isn't for me... this is for the gentleman from the Bannerman Detective Agency. Why don't you take that key and really open the top drawer, so we can see what kind of cards you keep in there. I believe your keys are in your vest pocket. Here you are... all marked. Show him your warrant, Marshal... I think the Silver Palace just went out of business. Well, boys, every time we meet I may lose 10 years of my life, but everything seems to always come out right. Now, you're absolutely sure there's nothing more I can do for you? Harry, I'm glad you mentioned that, because there is. There is...? That's right. When you get back to Denver don't you leave town without leaving the word where we can reach you - 'cause you'll be hearing from us. Don't worry - like you said: it always comes out all right! At least it has so far. Leave my bags at the hotel, if you please - I'll check in later. I find you guilty of being drunk and disorderly... $30 or 30 days. $30? Your Honor he ain't has 30 cents he didn't spend on whiskey two minutes after he got it. And besides I don't want him in my jail for 30 days - I got no room with the Tapscotts in there, it's crowded anyway. Mighty sorry state of affairs then. The miscreants got no money to pay his fine, the town's got no facilities lock 'em up. All right, sentence suspended then. Throw 'im in the ice house and see if he sobers up or freeze to death, whichever. With all the alcohol he's gotten in, he ain't gonna freeze to death. Court's adjourned - come back tomorrow. I beg pardon, Your Honor. I only want a few minutes of your time. All right, what do you want? My name is Brubaker - I'm from Junction City. Never heard of it... or you. Well, sir - at any rate, I am engaged in the practice of law... and I've been retained by anonymous friends of Mr. and Mrs. Tapscott to defend them in their forthcoming trial. Well, you're here just in time, that trial begins tomorrow morning. That's why I'm here... to request a week's delay of trial so I can prepare the defense. A week's delay isn't gonna do any of those two any good at all, because there's an absolutely airtight case against 'em. Matt Tapscott went into that jail carrying a 1848 Colt pocket pistol stuck in the back of his pants he was trying to smuggle it in to Curry and Heyes. Opinion, Your Honor, what he intended can't be proven. I'll grant you that. That has to be a decision of the jury - but I'll also grant you it wouldn't take that jury 2 minutes to deduct it that's what Matt Tapscott was trying to do. Anyhow, the next day, a pie is delivered to the jail, baked by Mrs. Tapscott... and that night those two road agents, Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry, break out of jail, with a gun on the sheriff, the same gun that was stuck in Matt's pants the day before. Begging your pardon, Your Honor, I understand the gun is not in the possession of the prosecution, therefore once again it is a matter of opinion. Opinion, my foot - it's a fact. That gun's a relic and there isn't another one like it in the whole dang territory. Now, I know that, and the sheriff knows that, and the jury's gonna know that. So what good's another week gonna do in a case like that? I'm sorry, Your Honor, I must insist on a week's delay. That ain't gonna do no good - the jury's not gonna forget a jailbreak like that in a week. Folks around here just itching to see those Tapscotts set up for as long as the law 'll allow! 'Cause they ain't very popular here in Hadleyburg. Nevertheless, Your Honor, I must insist - All right, take your dang week. I'm not gonna have any appeals court overriding what goes on here. Thank you, Your Honor, I appreciate it. Don't mention it! Looks like Mr. Brubaker has everything going fine. Yeah - it kind of chokes you up, don't it? You mean all the good we're doing for Hadleyburg? No - all the money it's costing us. there's no doubt... well, very little doubt, anyway, that the gun used by Mr. Curry and Mr. Heyes to break jail was smuggled to them - presumably - by the Tapscotts... at least, we've heard Sheriff Pintell's testimony saying he thinks it was the gun belonging to Matt Tapscott that Mr. Heyes and Mr. Curry had in their possession that night... so whatever our personal feelings might be for Mr. and Mrs. Tapscott... I mean, disregarding the fact that they've never done a dishonorable or evil thing before in their whole lives and that they have a ten-year-old son who will likely grow up in an orphanage if his mother and father go to jail... I mean, the law demands that justice be done... so the jury must harden their hearts to the... No, no, no... Your Honor... I find myself Mr. Hanson wondering whether you're delivering a summation for the prosecution or for the defense. Are you about finished? Prosecution rests, Your Honor. Rests? Goin' on my opinion it laid down and died! Matter of fact, your summation moves me to make a statement to this jury... Now, you people remember, that while there?s a new recreation hall going up down the street at a very nice clip, and while the church has been repainted, and while they're gonna be new desks to the schoolhouse all through the compliments of Curry and Heyes, a crime has been committed here in Hadleyburg. And while you are enjoying the benefits you better know where they're coming from! I got a calculation right here on how much those two highwaymen spent in this town during this past week, and it's got to be over $25,000 - maybe $35,000! Now, I ask you where were two notorious criminals, get that amount of money? And I'll tell you where: they got it robbing banks and holding up trains! Your Honor, I must protest! You have just made a highly prejudicial statement, and I wish to reopen the case for the defense, I have a witness here who can disprove what you have just said... You have a witness who can disprove what I just said?! I want to hear some of this. Bring on your man, Mr. Brubaker. Re-open the case for the defense! I call Mr. Harry Briscoe! I do. Right here. Excuse me. Put your left hand on the Bible. Raise your right hand. You swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, so help you God? Indeed, I do. State your name. Harry Bartholomew Briscoe. You may be seated. Mr. Briscoe, what is your occupation? I am employed by the Bannerman Detective Agency. And in what capacity are you employed? Detective. I'm a Bannerman man. Do you have personal knowledge of where the money that Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry have been spending and Hadleyburg is coming from? I certainly do. Would you tell the jury, please. Hannibal Heyes won that money while exposing a crooked gambling establishment in Colorado Springs. I was later able to close that crooked house as result of Mr. Heyes' efforts. But before he exposed them he managed to win over $32,000. Oh, you're witness, Mr. Hanson. I have no questions for Detective Briscoe, Your Honor. All right, Mr. Briscoe... you may step down. Mr. Brubaker, make your summation for the defense. I'll say no more. Hey, Kid, people are running back in the courthouse. Jury must be coming in. You know this has got to be the one time in my life I've wanted to be in a courtroom with a jury coming in. We find the defendants Matt and Bess Tapscott not guilty of any and all charges! Mr. Briscoe, what the hell you think you're doing? Well - Your Honor - see...uh...I have...uh... I have a lot of sympathy for those people who are acquitted in there... and well everybody in town is celebrating so that's what I'm doing. I'm celebrating! There she goes, Heyes! Yeah, I can see it - I can see it, Kid. There she blows! That's beautiful. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 