RWBY: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 RWBY 
 s1e1 - Ruby Rose - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 RWBY (2012–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Ruby Rose - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Legends. Stories scattered through time. Mankind has grown quite fond of recounting the exploits of heroes and villains, forgetting so easily that we are remnants, byproducts, of a forgotten past. Man, born from dust, was strong, wise, and resourceful. But he was born into an unforgiving world. An inevitable darkness, creatures of destruction. The creatures of Grimm set their sights on man and all of his creations. These forces clashed and it seemed the darkness was intent 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 on returning man's brief existence to the void. However, even the smallest spark of hope is enough to ignite change and in time, man's passion, resourcefulness and ingenuity led them to the tools that would help even the odds. This power was appropriately named, "Dust". Nature's wrath in hand, man lit their way through the darkness and in the shadow's absence, came strength, civilization and most importantly, life. But even the most brilliant lights eventually flicker and die. And when they are gone... ...darkness will return. So, you may prepare your guardians... build your monuments to a so-called free world 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 but take heed... there will be no victory in strength. But perhaps victory is in the simpler things that you've long forgotten. Things that require a smaller, more honest soul. Do you have any idea how hard it is to find a Dust shop open this late? P-please! Just take my Lien and leave! Shhh, calm down, we're not here for your money. Grab the dust. Crystals. Burn. Uncut. Alright kid, put your hands where I can see 'em. Hey, I said hands in the air! You got a death wish or something!? Huh? Yes? I said, put your hands in the air, now! Are you... robbing me? Yes! Oh. - Hey! - Hyah! Freeze! ♪ This will be the day we're waiting for. ♪ ♪ This will be the day we open up the door. ♪ ♪ I don't wanna hear your absolution. ♪ ♪ Hope you're ready for a revolution. ♪ ♪ Welcome to a world of new solutions ♪ ♪ Welcome to a world of bloody evolution- ♪ Okayyy... Get her! You were worth every cent. Truly, you were. Well, Red, I think we can all say it's been an eventful evening, and as much as I'd love to stick around... I'm afraid this is where we part ways. You okay if I go after him? Uh huh. Hey! Persistent... End of the line, Red. Whoa-ho-ho! Huh? Hm. We got a Huntress! ♪ Thunder roars ♪ The hell...? You're a Huntress! Can I have your autograph? I hope you realize that your actions tonight will not be taken lightly, young lady. You put yourself and others in great danger. They started it! If it were up to me, you'd be sent home... With a pat on the back... And a slap on the wrist. Eeek! But... there is someone here who would like to meet you. Ruby Rose... You... have silver eyes. Um... So! Where did you learn to do this? S-Signal Academy. They taught you to use one of the most dangerous weapons ever designed? Well, one teacher in particular. I see... It's just that I've only seen one other scythe-wielder of that skill before. A dusty, old crow. Mmmm! Thash muh unkul! Sorry, that's my Uncle Qrow! He's a teacher at Signal! I was complete garbage before he took me under his wing. And now I'm all like... Hooowaaah! Witchaaaa! So I've noticed. And what is an adorable girl such as yourself doing at a school designed to train warriors? Well... I want to be a Huntress. You want to slay monsters? Yeah! I only have two more years of training left at Signal! And then I'm going to apply to Beacon! You see, my sister's starting there this year, and she's trying to become a Huntress, and I'm trying to become a Huntress 'cause I wanna help people. My parents always taught us to help others, so I thought, 'Hey, I might as well make a career out of it!' I mean the police are alright, but Huntsman and Huntresses are just so much more romantic and exciting and really, gosh, you know! ...Do you know who I am? You're Professor Ozpin. You're the headmaster of Beacon. Hello. Nice to meet you. You want to come to my school? More than anything. Hmmph. Well okay. Oh, I can't believe my baby sister is going to Beacon with me! This is the best day ever! Please stop. But I'm so proud of you! Really, Sis, it was nothing. What do you mean? It was incredible! Everyone at Beacon is going to think you're the bee's knees! I don't want to be the "bee's knees", okay? I don't wanna be any kind of knees! I just want to be a normal girl with normal knees. What's with you? Aren't you excited? Of course I'm excited... I just... I got moved ahead two years. I don't want people to think I'm special or anything. But you are special. ...The robbery was led by nefarious criminal Roman Torchwick, who continues to evade authorities. If you have any information on his whereabouts, please contact the Vale Police Department. Back to you, Lisa. Thank you, Cyril. In other news, this Saturday's Faunus Civil Right's protest turned dark when members of the White Fang disrupted the ceremony. The once peaceful organization has now disrupted... Hello, and welcome to Beacon! Who's that? My name is Glynda Goodwitch. Oh. You are among a privileged few who have received the honor of being selected to attend this prestigious academy. Our world is experiencing an incredible time of peace, and as future Huntsmen and Huntresses, it is your duty to uphold it. You have demonstrated the courage needed for such a task, and now, it is our turn to provide you with the knowledge and the training to protect our world. Wow! Look, you can see Signal from up here! I guess home isn't too far after all! Beacon's our home, now. Well... I guess the view isn't for everyone. It was a nice moment while it lasted. I wonder who we're gonna meet. I just hope they're better than "Vomit Boy". Oh, Yang, gross, you have puke on your shoe! Gross, gross, gross... Get away get away! Get away from me! ♪ They see you as small and helpless, ♪ ♪ They see you as just a child. ♪ ♪ Surprise when they find out that a warrior will soon run wild. ♪ ♪ Prepare for your greatest moments, ♪ ♪ Prepare for your finest hour. ♪ ♪ The dream that you've always dreamed is suddenly about to flower. ♪ ♪ We are lightning straying from the thunder! ♪ ♪ Miracle of ancient wonder! ♪ ♪ This will be the day we're waiting for. ♪ ♪ This will be the day we open up the door. ♪ ♪ I don't wanna hear your absolution. ♪ ♪ Hope you're ready for a revolution. ♪ ♪ Welcome to a world of new solutions! ♪ ♪ Welcome to a world of bloody evolution... ♪ ♪ In time your heart will open minds, ♪ ♪ A story will be told, ♪ ♪ And victory is in a simple soul! ♪♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 