Dance Moms: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dance Moms 
 s1e1 - The Competition Begins - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dance Moms (2011–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - The Competition Begins - full transcript 
 Meet dance instructor Abby Lee Miller, the Dance Moms and their daughters as the competition season begins and they travel from Pittsburgh to Phoenix. The Dance Moms will push their young ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Look at me. Your mother is not your coach. I am the coach. Your mother doesn't know what to do. If she did, she wouldn't bring you here. Do you understand that? This is where it all starts. We are preparing for the national competition. Moms come from all over to bring their children to me. I can make you, or I can break you. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 They want to be a part of the Abby Lee Dance Company. What if she fell 13 stories down and died, huh? Stop crying, it's making it worse. Nia. Shh... I can't stand her. Go ask your nine‐year‐old if she likes what she's wearing. I'm the mother! I'm an adult! Act like one! I need to go home. Nobody lives here. How many times has my daughter beat your daughter?! Melissa is sneaky, and she lies. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Christi is just jealous of me and my daughter. I think they're both crazy. Because I did your makeup. I don't really care. You don't even look good when you got makeup on. I'm the teacher, I'm the mentor, I'm the professional. If Vivi comes to me and says that she wants to play softball, I'll probably slit my wrists. ♪ Get up, get on the floor ♪ ♪ My world is with my girls ♪ ♪ Livin' on the dance floor ♪ ♪ Get up, get on the floor ♪ ♪ Livin' on the dance floor. ♪ Hello. Hi, Ab. Today is the first day of competition season. How are you? Kind of crazy in here today. Hi. You look chipper this morning. The kids are really, really excited. I'm very excited, too. I love competition time. Ready to work? We're ready to work... Okay. I am the artistic director and the chief choreographer of the Abby Lee Dance Company right here in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Sauté, coupé, chené, grand‐jeté. People around the country know me. They know Abby Lee because I produce stars. I produce amazing, employable dancers. I know how to groom these children and raise these kids, some of them as if they were my own. One, and up! Okay, stop. I told you three times in five minutes it's not a step‐out. It's a back handspring. Two feet. Do it right. Start again. Suck it up‐‐ I don't want to see those tears. I'm preparing them for a career. We do it all in my studio, so that when they get to real life, they're ready. All right, girls, it's the first day of rehearsal for the new competition season. Ladies, you all know why you're here. You are the cream of the crop in your age group, and I have lots of new ideas in store. I am going to do something that no other studio in the country does. Every single competition we are doing a new routine. Uh‐uh‐uh‐uh, girls, don't look at your mothers. I am the coach, I am the teacher. Sometimes when Abby yells, it makes me laugh 'cause her face turns red. I can make you, or I can break you. I mean, most dance studios at least practice for six months before they go onstage and perform their routines. I think it's crazy that we're going to learn a dance in a week and compete. At the beginning of each week, I have kind of like a pyramid thing, where everybody's always trying to get to the top of that. Everybody wants to be on top, of course, but you have to work for it. It goes on behavior, work ethic, attendance, as well as... have they followed all the rules? You know, all of that goes into who's going to be at the top of the pyramid and who's going to get to compete the next weekend. Everybody wants to be front and center. I hear it all the time. She puts these kids in a pyramid; it's a nightmare. It is a nightmare for a child and an adult because we have to stand by and take it. Whoever is in the front and center, they can't make a mistake. They are holding that group together. Everybody always wants to be on the top. Usually if you're on the top of the pyramid, you're in the front line. So at the top right here I have Maddie because she is dedicated and because of her stellar record last year and... And Maddie's on the top and Nia's on the bottom, and I'm a little crushed for Nia. Maddie, are you ready to be front and center? Can you handle that pressure? I always feel bad because my daughter seems to always get on the top, and the girls just, you know, they don't really like it. The moms hate it. Our first competition is going to be in Phoenix, Arizona. Ladies, I chose Phoenix, Arizona because I want you to experience some of the best competition teams in the country. We are going to do two new numbers‐‐ a high‐energy, really cute, adorable routine with Maddie, Chloe, Paige, Brooke, and Nia and then also a trio with Maddie, Chloe, and Paige. Unfortunately, MacKenzie, you're too young to compete at West Coast Dance Explosion, but you're still going to go with us anyway. Girls, we are going to win in Phoenix, and the next competition we're going to win and the next competition we're going to win, and that's all gearing up for Nationals. Everything we do from this point forward‐‐ all this training, all this competing is about the Nationals. So let's get to it. We are going to begin the choreography. Moms, you can be dismissed, and girls, let's go to Nationals and bring home the winning trophy. All right? Oh, we're back to dance jail up here. Here's what we're going to do. I want each of you to do either a chin stand or like a side shoulder stand, and we're going to hold it for eight counts. Do it from the top. Ready, and places. Go. "Party, Party, Party" is a theatrical jazz routine. It's upbeat, it's fun, classic jazz. One, two, three, four. Hold, two, three, four. Up and down. Abby sometimes has favorites in the studio, and my daughter just happens to be a favorite. These are my two daughters Maddie and Mackenzie. Maddie's eight and Mackenzie's six, and they're both dancers. Did you have a nice day? I definitely think my girls are like little dolls. I love to dress them up. There's you. There's me, there's me, there's me. My ex‐to‐be claims that dance has ruined our marriage. You're gonna be in it probably a lot more even this year, and your sister, too. Winning is everything to us. Maddie has won everything that she has done in the last year. She was undefeated last year. My boyfriend knows how much I spend on dance because he signs the checks, so... My ex calls me a crazy dance mom, but I really am not. I want our kids to be happy. That's what this is all about‐‐ it's about the kids and about them shining onstage and about them becoming stars. Maddie doesn't have a normal life. Her whole life revolves around dance. It's constant, but she loves it. You do cartwheels... I don't care, you always tap. Abby is a star maker. She is gonna make my daughter be the best she can be, and she will make her a star. And five, six... Girls, what are you doing? Those legs are about as straight as Elton John. Watch that right elbow! We are five days out from competition in Phoenix. I have a lot of work to do, the kids have a lot of work to do, and it's very stressful. Go, leap. Oh, my God, it's like we never left. I have sat up here a million times before, I've seen a thousand dances go on, and, you know, I'm just kind of hoping this year turns out a little bit better for, for Chloe. This is my daughter Chloe, who is nine. Yes, I am. This is her state title that she's won, and she's also won a national title. It's my job to make sure all those little things are taken care of behind the scenes so that she can be the star that she needs to be onstage. Because we're so dedicated to dance, we have missed so much. We had our award ceremony. For what? School. Oh, your grades, okay. I do find myself at times, you know, putting dance before school, and it's probably not right. I pay Abby $16,000 a year to teach my daughter dance, but don't tell my husband. This is Petite Miss First Runner‐Up 2010, and Maddie won. I was her... Runner‐up. Runner‐up. My daughter was usually number two, but she was always in the mix, but she couldn't quite, you know, push herself over the top. I'd say that Maddie probably is Chloe's biggest competition. I think that Chloe's biggest competition's in her own backyard. Do you think you'll ever make it to the top of the pyramid? We can hope, right? Yeah. If she wants to be the best, she has to beat the best. And Maddie's the best. I'm not a big fan of this new pyramid thing. No. Because to me, that's more like a Bermuda Triangle than a pyramid. Like... It's very divisive. Someone's at the top, someone's at the bottom. No teacher does that in classroom. Like, "You're the star pupil, and you're down here." Yeah. No. So, are we surprised who's on the top of the pyramid? My God. I would have been shocked if someone else had been there. That would have been surprising. Mm‐hmm. I'm not surprised who's at the top. I think they get mad because my kid is the star. She is the most talented girl there. And if anybody has any problems with me I'm just going to ignore it this year. I'm here for my daughter, and I'm not here to make friends. Half step. Switch foot. Good. And then we're going to take that piece from the old dance that we did last year, and let me see that hip, hip, hip. Go. This is my favorite part. When all the moms are watching our group, it's obvious that they watch my daughter, because she is the star, and your eyes just go go directly to her. What's up with Maddie? She doesn't feel well, at all. Like, she went like this. If she pukes, I'm not cleaning it. Maddie, I know you're not feeling well, but suck it up. We've got to get through this, okay? She looks green practically, - and pale. That's awful. - She's crying. From the top. Five, six, seven, eight. And hip, hip, hip, hip. Sweetie, why‐why the tears? Because my stomach's hurting. See that picture? That's the position you need to be in. You get too emotional. You have to worry about the win. Got it? No mishaps. Five, six, seven, eight. Don't tell me she's dancing. ♪ ♪ Switch. I have to go check on Maddie. It looks like she's gonna throw up. Go. Stop crying. Stop acting like this. My stomach hurts. You feel like you're gonna have to throw up? You look like you were gonna throw up. No. Okay, stop crying. It's making it worse. I want to go home. What do you mean? You never leave dance, Madd. No. My stomach just started to hurt, and I don't know why. You never miss dance. You looked like you were gonna throw up. No. Okay, stop crying. It's making it worse. Maddie wasn't feeling well. Her stomach hurt really bad. She was crying. I can't stand a child that's sick. I want to go home. What do you mean? You never leave dance, Madd. Maddie is a perfectionist in everything she does. You never miss dance. Let's go. She got sick maybe two years ago at dance, but she's never missed a day of dance. ♪ The jet will fly into the circus rock ♪ ♪ Everyone is passing 'round the Aftershock ♪ ♪ Party, party, party, hope this lasts forever... ♪ Maddie works so hard, because to make it to Broadway or to a TV show, you really need to focus on dance all the time, so we never stop. Up, down, down. Switch, split, step in. Ball change. And three, four, five. We are only three days away from competition in Phoenix. This week, Maddie, Chloe and Paige are doing a trio in the musical theatre genre. Do I understand? Yes. Knees together, Paige. You're bowlegged. You need to fix that. Come on. Five, six, seven, go. Sharper, Paige. Hit, hit. You're tall, you're skinny, you're a beautiful girl. You can do better than this. Focus on your technique. Shoulder down, legs straight, feet pointed. Let's go. People think I'm tough, and I guess I am, but I'd rather be the one that makes your child cry in the privacy of my studio instead of crying in front of 800 people at an open audition. Sloppy foot. You're right in the middle of the stage, Paige. ♪ My 15 minutes of fame ♪ ♪ I want it, I want it ♪ ♪ My 15 minutes of fame ♪ Stop. ♪ I want it, I want it. ♪ I want to be the first one that tells them. I want to fix their shoulders and their ribcage, distended neck, their turnout, everything that's wrong before somebody else in the professional world has to tell them. Paige, come here. I'd have your head on a platter, yes? Do you understand? All right. Man up. Get out there. If I see flaws that haven't been corrected, I correct them. That's my job. And sometimes, that's offensive. I think that's where the tough comes in, but it's like tough love. Here comes my baby. Oh... She makes me want to... Don't cry, angel. Abby was so... Shh. It's okay. It's okay. Don't worry about it. These are my two daughters. This is Paige. She's ten, and Brooke is 13. Improv. One, two... I'm very proud of my daughters. Brooke has been winning awards since she was six years old, and Paige, also, last year, she won first place for interview. I'm want to show you guys something. This is Mommy when she was your age, Brooke. I was a dancer when I was younger. I have been with Abby since I was two and a half. I have danced with her for 37 years, and I think that's why when I had two girls, I couldn't wait for them to be dancers. I want to try competitive cheerleading. Do you know how many kids in your class would like to be Junior Miss Dance of Pennsylvania? I don't want Brooke to quit dance, because she's 13, and that's when all the trouble starts. I mean, when you were younger, you used to get first place all the time. Like, does it matter to you that you're not getting first and second anymore? Not really. I hope that my daughters appreciate everything I do for them for dance. I mean, I put a lot of time in it, and a lot of times, they're mean to me, and don't show me that they appreciate it, but I think, deep down inside, I know that they appreciate it. That's her. That's her. Four, five, six, - seven, eight. - I'm optimistic that Nia will have a great year. I want nothing but the best for her, but I also know that Abby's looking at last year's Nia! Close and taut arms. I do worry that Nia won't have a fresh slate. New year, same old, same old. Nia has a lot of confidence, and I think Nia has a lot of ability and talent. My goal for Nia this year is really for Nia to grow as a dancer. Hi, Ab. This is Holly. I went to Carnegie‐Mellon for my masters, and I'm currently at University of Pennsylvania, and I'm also a principal. People say I look like Michelle Obama. That's awesome to be equated to the first lady. I'll take that compliment any day, absolutely. I expect Nia, this season, to have an amazing year in dance. Ideally, we would love for her to have a title win. This is my crown, but I just bought it because I had to have one. I haven't won one in dance. You haven't won it yet, but it's coming, right? Yeah. Yeah, it's coming. Nia is not a featured dancer, and that continues to be an issue, and I don't want Nia to always be the backup dancer. You're going over there. It's forward! Abby can be tough. She knows her business very, very well. I think she produces excellent dancers, but she demands a lot. Okay, Nia, Nia, let me see you. I am not a doormat, and people cannot walk over me, and they cannot walk over my child. And that's where we draw the line. Oh, give me a hug. I love you. One day, it will be her turn to shine. Pull. I have no hands. Pull. Okay. Oh, my goodness. Oh, yes. Hi. Oh, that hand's wet. Sorry. Oh, that's okay. Hi, sweetie. Hi. What's your name? Vivi. Hi, Vivi. We want to sign up for classes, and we want to do competition. Dance has been in my life since I've been three years old. My mom danced, my grandma danced, so, Vivi has to dance. I think you like dance. Five, six, seven, eight. Get it up. Two, three. I own Candy Apples Dance Center. I have been a dance instructor since 1998. And four, five. This is what you keep forgetting. Why do you keep forgetting this? Just twist, twist. Ugh! Ugh! I am absolutely loaded with quirks. I love bunnies. They're soft, and they're cuddly, and they're cute. I like carrots, too. I think carrots are neat, because they go hand‐in‐hand with bunnies. Pink is my ultimate favorite color, and I like to say that pink is not a color, but it is a way of life. I don't like pink. I'm an older mom... You. ...who is very interested in... Am I allowed to say it? Botox and Restylane. It's important that I look good, because I don't want people to think that I'm Vivi's grandma. You'll like me. I'm flamboyant, and I'm funny, but just don't push my buttons, and we won't have any altercations. With Vivi being six, and I've coached her now since she's been 18 months old, I think that it's time that we bring somebody else in, because if I say something to Vivi, and she's gonna bust out in tears, my heart is gonna break, because I don't want to do that to Vivi. But if another coach says to her, "Look, Vivi, you've got to straighten your knee on that Y‐scale..." And that's... You have no options. I own Candy Apples Dance Center. Does that ring a bell? Oh, so you're the dance teacher? I am the dance teacher. I'm sorry. And this is... your daughter? This is my daughter. So you're here as the mom? I am here as the mom. Not the dance teacher? No, I'm... You're not looking for a job? Oh, no. Okay, okay. Yet. All right. We just wanted to give her a boost. I would like to see her compete with you, this weekend. This weekend? This weekend. Um... we can do it. We can do it. Okay. Can't we? We... You go, girlfriend. We can do it. Moms come from all over to bring their children to me. They want to be a part of the Abby Lee Dance Company. They come for me. Do you want to do tricks first? Want to lay on your tummy and show me touch your feet to your head? I see Vivi having some talent. And she's extremely flexible. She's got a beautiful point. I'm hoping she has a dancer's body. How about your front limber? Uh.... Handstand. To a backbend. No. No? We actually prepared a little piece for you to see, it's just a little duo that we started this year, but she'll just do it as a solo for you? Is that okay? Okay, that's... you want to do that? Cathy came into my studio, and her daughter Vivi auditioned. I thought it was ridiculous. She demanded that she be in this competition this weekend. That's not realistic. There is no way Vivi‐Anne is ready to compete this weekend. I need to work with her a lot more before she's ready. Here's the thing‐‐ and you know this from having your own school‐‐ Yes. I have people that want to be in the dance company just to get the outfit. "The money doesn't matter, here's my kid, do whatever you want." I need Mom to step out of the picture. So I'm going to be the teacher, all right? You're going to look at me. Maybe it's just time for me to be the mom, and for somebody else to be the coach. Mom? I'll take you out front, Okay. And we'll get you signed up and ready. Oh! Okay. And you're, you're sure we're good on this? We are, we're going to get signed up? Yep. What do you say? Go give her a big hug! I think that Abby is the one that's going to really be making out when it comes to me and Vivi being a package deal. I may be just able to interject with that one little, "Well, maybe a ciseaux here would work." All right? Did you‐‐ okay. I'll see you soon, Vivi. I'm going to be able to bring things to the table. A‐five, six, seven, eight and one and two... Five, six, seven, eight and... Make sure that your supporting foot is turning out. I want everyone to watch. ♪ ♪ Dawn's daughter was called into my class for a routine that she was picked special for, and she had socks and a T‐shirt on. I don't care if you're taping; I'm going in to kill her. They were to wear tights and a leotard. I made two other children change their clothes. Because it's acro‐‐ we're doing a lot on our knees‐‐ and they have to be in their bare feet. May I speak to you a minute? I want to speak to you. You don't throw my kid out of class‐‐ I paid for class. I'm looking at every single kid out here, Abby! They all look like children! Isn't that crazy, that children look like children! She's dressed appropriately! Yes, I am a minister! Let's play the Bible game, Abby! When Jesus saw things that were wrong, he went after it! And I'll tell you what, you're not gonna do this to my kid! Out of the room. Out. Out. Regan? Good‐bye. Out, out. You're not throwing her out. Oh, yes, I am. And you with her. Go. No, you're not. Yes. Every week we put the trash out. Go. Then take yourself out! 'Cause you're the biggest piece of trash there is! You cannot take acrobatic class in socks. I told you the clothes to take are your two‐piece costume. There's a big difference. How can you remember that, and you can't remember to turn your feet out? Huh? That's pathetic. Go somewhere else. Take your money, take your kid, take your socks find another school. Does it not hit in your head that maybe you're wrong? No. Do you not get it? I don't get it. I know I'm right. Why are you right? It's my building. My name is on the front of it. So what?! You keep telling her how stupid she is. She's not stupid. She just can't read. The... the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. Oh, so you're saying I'm stupid? Are you? Well, you don't... I've got more education than you will ever have! Than you will ever have! Because I went to school. Unfortunately, you didn't. May I have your phone? Call the police! Go for it! Go for it! I'm sorry, class. There's a psycho in every batch. A psycho, yes. Her name's Abigail Miller! Hi, I need police at 7123 Saltsburg. Are you okay, Dawn? No, no, no. Are you okay? No! I'm not! Okay, shh. We have a... a parent that's out of control. I can't stand her! Shh. Pardon? She does not have weapons. Just her mouth. Call the police. Go for it! Dawn came in the studio screaming. She just was going from room to room. Pardon? She does not have weapons. Just her mouth. She was just at the brink. I don't know if she went outside. I walked into a room. My senior company is warming up in another room and I went into there. Bye, Regan. Bye. Let's go, guys. Let's get in the other room. Thank you. Sorry you had to see that. We just want you to leave the property. All right, you got to go. Take your daughter somewhere else then, if you don't like the dance company here. A little shaky. I have to get myself together. Get back into rehearsal and worry about the competition this weekend. Every weekend we go to a new competition. All this competing is about the Nationals. This week happens to be Phoenix, Arizona. West Coast Dance Explosion is an amazing convention and competition. It's a big deal. The stage, the lights, the sound‐‐ everything is top‐notch. And they're very, very qualified judges. All right, let's get this luggage moving. When we walk in anywhere for a dance competition, we're like the glammed‐up Beverly Hillbillies. I mean, we've got Dream Duffels and rolling makeup cases and light‐up makeup mirrors. Don't just stand there. Take something out, ladies. Let's go. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. No. No, no, no, no. She has two pieces of luggage, Abby. She brings it, she carries it. Remember, the competition starts right now when you walk into this building. Do you understand me? Let's go. Every time the Abby Lee Dance Company walks into a competition, they're representing a legacy‐‐ kids who've danced before them that were amazing‐‐ and so much is at stake because we don't want to be the ones who... lose. Whoa. Shh. Ladies. Library voices. Okay, listen to me. I don't want any flip‐flops. I don't want booty shorts walking through here. You make sure you are covered and dressed appropriately. Do you understand? And then Abby starts with her rules. "Girls!" Everyone straighten up. That's where I'm going. This is where I'm going. We were here first, Christi. Settle down there, hot pants. Whenever we go to competitions, it's a whirlwind of hair, makeup, mayhem. Who's going to get the best spot? Whose hair is going to get done first? Who's going to look the best? It is beyond crazy. Hey. Hi. How we doing, guys? Good. I hate this last‐minute crap, ladies. Okay, where are the hats? Can I see the hats? It looks nice. I think that's great. No, that's good. Look what Christi did. Oh, oh, okay. Listen, get them in hair and makeup and get ready to go. The fact that the hats weren't done an hour before we were going on stage is very typical. We are always stoning costumes five minutes before we go on. Or doing the hats. Everything is always last minute. Same thing, over and over, every time we compete. I told you about the nails. I don't care if you have fake nails, but the nail polish‐‐ the white draws attention to your hands. And everybody doesn't have it. Girls... I told her I wasn't taking it off. So why? Because I just paid to have them done. But you... They're French. It's not like she has pink, purple nail polish. I don't think this is where we're supposed to be going. I think I was supposed to be talking about the group and our dance. Whatever. But... It's not whatever. It's not whatever. You brought it up. Right. You need to listen to me. Then you can give me the $20 to take them off of her nails and off of her sister's nails. Can you hand me my purse? Give me 20 bucks. Did you want to get a drink? Let's sit down and have a drink. Nobody will know where we are. We're missing in action. If she screams at those kids one more time, I'm gonna lose it. I know you need to get Maddie seen, I understand, but it's like the whole goal of all of us doing anything is for that. Oh, my God. I am not getting Chloe's head shot. You spend $30 billion to dance for her, and then you get all over. Cheers. To dance. To dance. Wait, can I have another glass of wine real quick? Excuse me, excuse me, excuse me. I cannot believe it. These moms are ridiculous. They are in a bar drinking, and their kid needs to be on stage in 20 minutes. Bad Parenting 101. Good Lord. Hey, what's going on? We're having a cocktail. Am I babysitting? Do you want a drink? No, no. I don't drink while I'm working. Are you two good to go? Yeah, we're going to leave in a minute. All right. We're double fisted. It's not good. I don't double fist when I'm with my kids. I double fist when I'm in college. Oh, you guys, you're beautiful. Yeah. Go, just... let's go, let's go. All right, good‐bye you guys. Let's go. Oh, my God, we're not even allowed to talk. No more makeup, honey. You like that makeup mirror. All right, let's go in here. Let's check out our kids and let's go back. Hello. I was wondering where you guys went. Where were you? We were at the bar making friends. I should have guessed that's where you were. Brooke, stay right here. I'm going to do a couple curls in her hair and then a couple curls in your hair. I think I'm going to hold these hats hostage, and you guys each have to buy me one cocktail each for making the hats. Oh, kiss my. I already gave you your cocktail today. Oh, my God, are you okay?! What happened? Oh, my God. What happened? She walked right into the curling iron. She walked right into the curling iron. Oh, sweetie. Oh. It's okay. It's okay. What happened? She walked into the curling iron. When we were cleaning up for the competition, I was putting away my curling iron and I was wrapping up the cord. And I don't know if I turned or Paige bent down, somehow my curling iron burned Paige on the arm. Here's some ice. Here, use this. The kids and the moms were just great trying to help her out, make her laugh and you know, make her feel better. You know, Holly was getting her ice. MacKenzie. It really got her good, huh, Paige? You did really get it good. It's okay. You're going to live. I think it made Paige feel a lot better. I feel so bad. Don't cry. You did so good dancing. Today is the competition, and it's going to be hectic. I have a trio, and a group number. And next up to the stage, it'll be Junior Jazz. The judges are going to be looking for flawless technique, innovative choreography, perfect precision, and fabulous costumes. See those girls down there? Look at those girls, with the legs. You're going to be against them. So you need to step it up. We're getting ready for the group dance. And I am under a lot of stress. For parents, this is an afterschool activity. For me, it is my livelihood. Is it in? If it's not in, when you're ready to go on that stage, you tell Linda Diamond or somebody backstage that you need a bobby pin. And they'll give you one. Do you understand me? Open your mouth and ask somebody if you need something backstage. Chances are, they have it laying... or there's probably 10 bobby pins laying on the floor. It fell out when she did her side aerial, it went down. I know. But that's dangerous. What if she was at Radio City Music Hall? And the thing was open for the ice skating rink to come out, and she did a side aerial and fell 13 stories down and died? Huh? Let's go, girls. I may be perceived as a little edgy in my teaching methods. However, when you walk into my classroom, it's a professional environment, and I'm going to give it to you straight. Just like you're going to get it in the real world. Pay attention to me, yes? Yes? So turn, so tight, right around yourself and get down there. The one person that can mess us up backstage is Abby, because she just always comes back and like frustrates us. She's like, "Don't forget your dances! Straighten your legs, point your feet, and you'll be fine." And so it kind of makes us really nervous, and so we don't really like her being backstage with us. And next up to the stage will be Junior Jazz Group‐‐ "Party, Party, Party." Go, go. Go, go! ♪ ♪ ♪ Party, party, party ♪ ♪ Let's get on the subway, hold us on the runway ♪ ♪ Hope they didn't shut the party down ♪ ♪ Party, party, party ♪ ♪ Now's the time to do it, we can start a movement ♪ ♪ Me and my girls, you know we rule this town ♪ ♪ This place is stretching ♪ ♪ My cup is filled up to the brim ♪ ♪ Just once, I hear you will find ♪ ♪ A night that's filled with sin ♪ ♪ The jet will fly into the circus rock ♪ ♪ Everyone is passing 'round the Aftershock ♪ ♪ Party, party ♪ ♪ Oh, party, party ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ Come on, Brooke. ♪ Shut the party down ♪ ♪ The flashing lights are spinning 'round ♪ ♪ This isn't cool, man ♪ ♪ We just got here ♪ ♪ What's with all of the fascists here? ♪ Come on. ♪ Party, party, party ♪ ♪ Let's get on the subway, hold us on the runway ♪ ♪ Wish they didn't shut the party down ♪ What I'm thinking about is how much talent my daughter has, and how beautiful she is in that dance. I just find so much joy when I see her dancing on stage, and I know she's going to be a star someday. ♪ Party, party ♪ ♪ Party, party ♪ ♪ Hey, party, party ♪ ♪ Party, party ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ Even though the number was easy, they still did great. And our girls always win. No matter where we go, it seems like we place. Okay. So, here we go. We're going to start with the juniors. Our Junior Musical Theatre. In third place, with a scored of 274, goes to... "Party, Party, Party." A second place, with a score... Um, I was undefeated, and I won 11 competitions, and I don't really know what it's like to lose, like... I never got third and lower. I've always got second and first. Losing never really feels good. It's not the greatest feeling. I really need these girls to get their act together. If we end up third place at the next few competitions, we're going to be doomed at Nationals. "Party, Party, Party" was such a disappointment. It's win with the trio, or go home losers. We only have till the next number. We need to hurry! It had to be raining. I wore the worst shoes! Is it good? Yes, it was good. You did great. Go. Fast. As fast as you can. What am I doing? What am I doing? It was at the beginning? They've never lost. Ever. We are not used to this, it doesn't feel good. We're used to coming in and winning. I get a little nervous about the trio now. The pressure's on. They're well‐prepared. The only thing they need to worry about is their performance. If they go out and do it like you know they can do it, they'll do well. We're still a little nervous. Oh! Come on, girls! ♪ ♪ ♪ My 15 minutes of fame ♪ ♪ I want it, I want it ♪ ♪ My 15 minutes of fame ♪ ♪ I want it, I want it ♪ ♪ My 15 minutes of fame ♪ ♪ I want it, I want it... ♪ Oh, my God. Oh my God, I'm gonna lose it. Oh! She can't see! Pull your headband up, please, darling. Oh,. ♪ My 15 minutes of fame, I want it... ♪ Oh my God, I'm gonna lose it. ♪ My 15 minutes of fame... ♪ Chloe's doing her trio, and her headpiece is falling off. Oh, my God. She can't even see right now. ♪ I want it ♪ ♪ My 15 minutes of fame ♪ ♪ I want it, I want it ♪ Oh, now it's right in front of her mouth. Oh... Oh, poor girl. ♪ My 15 minutes of fame ♪ ♪ I want it. ♪ It's okay. Listen to me, you did great. She's not nervous at all, it was awesome! I know, you did great. You, you, you, get off stage. You, I will deal with later. Go! What's your deal? We need to talk. Go. It came forward. What did you want me to do? You're in the bar having a drink, and her headpiece is falling off. Her headpiece didn't fall off, It fell. Yes it did. It came forward. Whatever. It didn't fall on the stage. Whatever. She's fine. She's fine? It's my number. It's my name. It was fine. It was fine. They didn't miss a beat. Winning means a lot to me, because it feels really good, and it feels like, ooh, yay! I never get tired of winning. Okay, teams, listen up! Starting off, in duo‐trio, a second place‐‐ they scored 266‐‐ goes to "Money." Abby, mistakes happen. We're human. You are! Mistakes like that don't happen to me. I'm not going to have you treat me like this. I'm an adult. Act like one! You act like one! Get your act into shape. You're screaming at me in front of all these people. You screwed up. If you're gonna come on the trip, she's yours. Stay out of the bar, stay in the dressing room. When she goes on stage, the headpiece is sewed in the head. Do you understand? Next time, have it right. Yeah. I'm not going to put up with this. Remember, I pay your bills. You work for me. I pay you to teach my daughter dancing. I'm not going to have you treat me like this. Our remaining overall high score duo‐trio‐‐ with a score of 282 out of a 300‐‐ first place goes to Abby Lee Dance Company: Pin Up Girls! We won first place with our trio, and that means we were the best. Whoo! It'll never happen again. It better not. That's right. This conversation is over. I'm done. And you pay your bill late, by the way. I do not pay my bills late. Yes, you do. Yes, you do. We'll talk. Christi is going to be the death of me. That woman is going to cause her child to be expelled from my studio. I don't know how much longer I can put up with Abby. I don't care if Chloe ever dances again. I can't put up with this woman anymore. The new number will be hot, it's gonna be sexy. Guess she's setting us up for another Maddie‐Chloe showdown. Chloe is my biggest competitor. I think I'm a little bit better than her, because I've won many awards. That was over the top. Inappropriate for little girls. Smacking her butt? And... When a parent opens their mouth, they are ruining their child. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 