Scorpion: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Scorpion 
 s1e11 - Revenge - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Scorpion (2014–2018): Season 1, Episode 11 - Revenge - full transcript 
 Gabe puts Walter's team on Javier's ruthless Latino robbers gang, who expertly use twenty custom-made explosive charges. One of their set of five bombs during a bank robbery goes off and lands already paranoid Sylvester in hospital. Now it's personal. The teams speculates on a next bank job, but comes to realize the charges only suffice to scare banks into evacuating their cash by armored truck, which won't withstand them. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 WALTER: My name is Walter O'Brien. I have the fourth highest IQ ever recorded: 197. Einstein's was 160. When I was 11, the FBI arrested me for hacking NASA to get their blueprints for my bedroom wall. Now I run a team of geniuses, tackling worldwide threats only we can solve. Toby's our behaviorist. Sylvester's a human calculator. Happy, a mechanical prodigy. Agent Cabe Gallo's our government handler. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And Paige? Well, Paige isn't like us. She's normal and translates the world for us while we help her understand her genius son. Together, we are Scorpion. Friday's shipment was late. I know. Small snafu. I'll do my best so it won't happen again, promise. Don't do your best, Gary, do my best, you understand? Yes, sir. MAN: Get down! Everybody down on the ground! No one move! Okay, friend, we're just a safe manufacturing company. We don't actually store... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Anyone else want to explain things to me? (grunts) (music playing over speakers) (music stops) WOMAN: Thanks. (people murmuring) Don't shoot! I got it. (camera clicking) Patel, you sneaky little creep. You think a sniper rocket's gonna take me out? Once you think I'm gone, I come back! Like herpes. Couldn't you play something less violent, like Mario Bros.? TOBY: Quiet, Luigi. Get ready to feel some pain, son! Oh, wow, for a second there, I thought that Cabe was interrogating someone. PAIGE: Ralph doesn't even act like this when he plays this game. Where is Ralph? Did you drop him off at school? No. Slept at his dad's last night. Oh, that's, um... good they're, um... getting on well together; it's positive. It is. They're connecting. It's... it's really good for Ralph. And Drew. Speak of the devil. Oh, hey, guys. Hey. Dad got me an erector set. What? That is super cool. Looks like you guys had a great night. Box looks old. Well, it's a collectible. It's one of the first ones Gilbert made. I had one when I was a kid. That was nice. Yeah, he likes telescopes. But it is, um... it's cool though. You want to go play with that? Could I, um, talk to you for a second? Mm-hmm. (phone ringing) Cabe. (quietly): Um, I just wanted to ask you something. Oh, I've seen these guys build a parabolic mic out of an umbrella. If they're gonna listen, they're gonna listen. Uh... I just wanted to know if you wanted to have dinner with me tonight. Oh. I... I don't know. I'm not proposing; it's just dinner. Since I got back into town, we haven't had two minutes just... us. But you and I both know it's... it's not that simple. So let me think about it. Absolutely. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. PAIGE: Hey. Sylvester? Yeah? Any reason you're not making eye contact with me? Yes. I'm uncomfortable because we eavesdropped. Way to stay strong, Sly. It was Toby's idea. You guys fold like a card table. It's really not a big deal. His seed blossomed in your fertile soil. The emotional bond between the two of you is ever present-- it's a huge deal. What's a huge deal? Drew asked Paige out. Oh. I didn't say yes... yet, and it's really not a topic for public consumption. WALTER: Yeah, you're right. Besides, we got to focus on work. Cabe just called with a new case. We can drop Ralph off at school on the way. Sylvester, stop letting Toby corrupt you. (siren wails) SIMONE: Gallo. Well, you look the same as you did seven years ago. Not a compliment. Nothing worse than getting an insult from a lady. Thank God it's coming from you. (laughs) TOBY: That's nice-- witty banter. My favorite kind of banter. Gang, this is Agent Simone Taylor from Interpol; we worked an international task force seven years ago. Thanks for coming. You really think we're dealing with The Ghosts? Who are The Ghosts? They're an international, incredibly effective, incredibly brutal gang of thieves. Jewels, cash, artwork. If you pay them enough, they'll steal anything. And they don't care who they kill doing it. Case in point. They're headed up by Javier Acosta, out of Barcelona. He handpicked his team. Sounds like a job for law enforcement. Or Superman. Law enforcement's been on this for over a decade and have gotten nowhere. Your team is starting to get a reputation. A good one? Yes. Let me show you the crime scene. PAIGE: They make safes here? Complex security systems. High-end, top of the line, very expensive. The Ghosts stole a safe? No, they just broke into one. The system they breached, TD-9000-- brand-new technology, can be used on any size vault. More than a dozen interlocking composite-steel bolts, reinforced receiving cups, ten-gear release mechanism. This could withstand a 9.0 quake or an industrial thermal lance. Yes, but our witnesses said they got in with a glass of water. Th-They did what? This... just, um... this could be a... a theoretical long shot, but the lock you just described is as tight as a drum, which has its strengths and weaknesses. Now, water, put in a confined space, dips a little bit in the center-- it's called a meniscus. So the glass goes on top of the wheel casing, and then... And when the notches align, there's a slight release in the tension of the gears that are wound so tightly on this bad boy that release makes the meniscus move, the water ripples, which means you've hit a combination number. CABE: Some of these systems can only be purchased by licensed banking institutions. Correct. Since they couldn't test their water hypothesis at home, they came to the source. They saw they were right, and then they left. Not without killing innocent people. Now they're planning on hitting up the banks that have this system in place. That's the theory we're working on. Do you mind if we look around a little bit? No, go ahead. Okay. Same as last time-- shrapnel everywhere, but nothing in the vault that can help. Run what you found for DNA. Even though we both know what the results will be. Thank you. Fill me in. They leave small metal boxes behind in the vault-- IEDs filled with perchloric acid and oil. A timer pops, the top opens, setting off an explosion. The acid kills any DNA that might have been left behind, and the oil compromises all prints. Exactly. They're smart. Maybe. But they ain't smarter than my guys. WALTER: So, they came to the source to run a test. Scientific... method. You have to respect their process. Except for the murder part. Walter, I think that going after these types of people is not what we are best suited for. And it's not just my fear talking. It's a question of skill sets. Duly noted. (exhales) Don't touch that! ♪ Scorpion 1x11 ♪ Revenge Original Air Date on December 8, 2014 == sync, corrected by elderman == @elder_man Mr. Dodd is alive, but he's in critical condition. We've moved Mr. Dodd into surgery... Sylvester. You can call him Sylvester. Sylvester has shrapnel in his chest and abdomen. The heat from the explosion combined with the acid burned through his clothes and scalded his skin. The blunt force trauma from striking his head on the floor has caused swelling about the brain but no focal injury. H-His brain will recover though? We won't know the extent of the damage until he's awake. Do you think he's gonna make it? I don't like to speculate. Speculate anyway. I don't think we're communicating the kind of mind you're dealing with-- this man is a supercomputer. He's getting the best care possible. Excuse me. Walter. Hey, Megan. She's doing her physical therapy here in the north wing. She will be our eyes and our ears. Meet me at the car. Wh-Where are we going? We're gonna work. Thanks for rushing here. Yeah. This is so awful. How is he doing? Well, he's in surgery. But you will relay all information to me? Anything I hear. Any decisions that need to be made, anything on the fly, and you can't contact me, I need you to think like me. How would I respond, what would I ask. I'll try. Are you okay? Yeah, I'm fine. Okay. (sighs) There's a reason a cop gets taken off a case when his partner gets wounded. I'm not a cop. It infuses the investigation with anger, emotion, revenge. You get myopic, can't see the forest for the trees. See, I don't have those feelings, so if you... There is no purpose to this conversation. If you expect me to stand down... They put our boy in the hospital. There's no way any of us are gonna stand down. I'm just bringing it to your attention. Keep your focus, or it'll cost you. Let's find out who else uses the TD-9000 security system. That's gonna be the team's next target. Let's go. Drexler Bank in Agoura. Leeside Savings, Burbank. Toby. Toby? (snaps fingers) Toby? Uh, Business Bank of Sylmar. So the sophistication of the team cuts out a cash haul-- it's too easy to trace and too hard to carry. They're after something small-- jewels or a hard drive. Is there any word from your sister, Walt? I would've told you. Now please help me eliminate these possibilities. The Ghosts do not sit on their hands. Their primary strike will come very soon. Uh... okay. So maybe start with locations. Um... Proximity to freeways, airports, the escape routes. Then we can calculate the statistical likelihood of one site over another, which... is Sylvester's forte. I need to take one minute. We don't have a minute, Toby. I'm taking one anyway. I'll be right back. They need to process what's happened. No, they need to use it. Not to be callous, but they're the perfect team to be working on this. Can you think of anyone else more invested? (exhales) (door opens, closes) So what's going on, Doc? Do you think I was wrong in there? With Lord Walter? What's the... psychiatric term for crapping on one guy when you're upset about something else? Displacement. I have known Sylvester since he was 16 years old. He once sold his entire comic book collection just to cover my rent; and I always told him I'll pay him back for that one day. And you'll get your chance. Doctor, how is he? He's stabilized. But we won't know the extent of brain function till he wakes up. Oh, God. Could've been worse. The one-inch piece of shrapnel that was threatening his heart lodged in his sternum. If it hadn't, he'd be dead. I'll keep you posted. Wait. That piece of shrapnel-- my brother will want to see it. Nowhere near freeways or airports. Leaves us with 38. Can you please tell Happy and Toby to get back in here? They're trying to work through the fact their friend's life's in danger. And so are you, just in a different way. Oh. This branch was on fire two weeks ago. It's being rebuilt. Walter's doing his job, and he's doing it well. When someone's really focused like this, it's best to give them their space. Sometimes it's better to give them time. We have none. The group who wounded your friend, they'll disappear into the ether and then they will kill again. (monitor beeping steadily) I've never seen that before-- the lining. We've never recovered a piece of shrapnel bigger than a millimeter. And only metal. I'm sorry, you're gonna have to clear this hall. Too many people... (slaps fire extinguisher) Okay, we are busy here. It's okay, sir. We'll be moving on in just a moment. It's government business. Okay, abusing the fire extinguisher is another form of displacement. We deal with stress differently. You reminisce, I smash things. Happy, what do you get from this? The Ghosts need an industrial plastic liner inside those IEDs to keep the acid from eating through the metal casing. An explosion would normally melt it. Well, how'd it survive this time? It was in Sylvester. When the IED exploded, it superheated all the metal. The bits that went into Sylvester cooled down from, say, 400 degrees to 150 very quickly because the human body is good at absorbing heat. How does it help us? Polyethylene plastic is hard as hell to affix to metal. There are processes, especially used in car parts. I know a few guys who do this quality of work. But I'll have to do some research. There's no time. These guys, how long has each been in the business? Uh, one guy, 30 years, the other two about five each. Well, we'll scratch the old-timer. The other two, either one has kids? HAPPY: Neither. TOBY: How about doing time? Dirty John Tucker did a stretch. The man's name is Dirty John and he did time. What the hell are we playing 20 Questions for? Good luck with him. He won't talk. We'll think of something. We'll make him talk. (panting) (shouts) What the hell is going on here, man? All right. So, good. I... I guess now you got the guy who really knows. I can go? Shut up. The only words coming out of your mouth need to be concerning this. And what the hell is that? It's not gonna be easy to crack this guy. I got nothing to say to you, bud. Nada. (grunts) (whimpering) We've narrowed it down. One of you two guys, you built the box that this shrapnel came from. And I want you to tell me who it is. Oh, come on, man. Are you for real? I just... I just work in a plastics factory. I just want to get out of here. Please. You want to go first? No. Please don't. No. (whimpering) Tell me the truth. I told you, I didn't make any boxes... (shouts) Oh, God! (crying): Oh, God... (crying) I swear it wasn't me! (crying continues) Oh, God! Oh, oh, God! (crying continues) Okay. Okay, let's talk. Was there a reason you had a fake blood pack and retractable knife just lying around? I had to teach an old boyfriend a lesson. Okay, guys, I admit that I build stuff for shady people from time to time. Lock picks, smoke bombs. Incendiary explosive devices? Those boxes were built to very detailed specs. Such as? Heavy polymer lining used to handle powerful non-ionized acids as well as incineration under high heats. He ordered 20. In my game, it's best you don't know. Can't imagine why they call you Dirty John. We need the name of the buyer. He never gave a name. Look, he's a handsome dude. He-he spoke with a Spanish accent, but... That's him. Crazy son of a bitch. (groans) When he showed up to pick up the package, I told him I needed an extra hour. He went nuts, shoved a gun right in my mouth. Something's off. Javier's cold-blooded, but shoving guns in people's mouths sounds emotional. Javier never loses his cool. When you do that, people remember you. Exactly. He slipped up, and now we have everything we need to find their next target. How do you figure? Javier received 20 incendiary devices from Dirty John, but when The Ghosts hit the safe factory, they only used 15. Meaning he has five left. The Ghosts are nothing if not efficient. Now, if each incendiary device wipes out exactly 14-and-a-half feet of evidence, then... HAPPY: We narrow our search by figuring out which vault requires exactly five devices. Happy, we need the blueprints for every bank on that wall. Size of the vault is key. Already on it. We need to scan for spatial parameters. He really is on fire today. Fire is exactly what Sylvester needs. (monitor beeping steadily) MEGAN: Come on, big guy. Wake up. We were just starting to get to know each other. (chuckles) Just open your eyes. Come on. Blink for me. Sylvester? (monitor beeping rapidly) Sylvester? (alarm beeping) Oh, my God. Nurse! Get me two milligrams of Lorazepam, stat! Pulse is 66 and strong. Intact. No signs of dehiscence. MEGAN: That's everything the doctors have told me so far. How bad was the seizure? A grand mal caused by the swelling in his brain. And what's his status? They're not sure. No way to tell yet. I'm sorry, Walter. Okay, thank you for the update. We need to keep it together. We have to focus. It isn't healthy to pretend we're not hurting. You want to talk about hurting? Sylvester is hurting, so take a moment if you need to, and then get back to scanning those blueprints. Hey, wait. Let him take a beat. You have no idea how close we might be to catching these guys. And then what? You ever think what we'll do the day after we catch them? You can't be so driven that you don't see the next step ahead of you or what you're doing to other people while you chase your goal. For me, it's Taekwondo. But if this Good Will Hunting thing is how you vent... Whatever works. Just trying to stay sharp. I get it. There's a lot more answers on that board than there are in your friend's hospital room. You're pissed. You know, I don't, uh... I don't... get pissed. Ah. Well, you could have fooled me. Seven years ago, my partner and I were tailing Javier and his crew. When we got close, they practically cut him in half with bullets. I'm sorry about your friend. He's, uh... He's spent every day since in a wheelchair, drinking meals through a straw. (clears throat) What you're feeling right now, I still feel every day. How do you deal with it? Focus. For seven years, catching these guys is the last thing I think about when I go to sleep at night and my first thought when I wake up. I'm not saying you can't grieve. I'm saying you can't grieve now. These people can't get away. They won't. And when we finally lock them up... well, I've been fantasizing about calling my partner to give him the good news, and then finally relaxing with a stiff drink... knowing I've done my job. You know, after seven years, uh, you deserve a stiff drink. About earlier... Me, too. Let's move on. Bigger fish. Okay, what do you got? I just scanned the last of institutions with TD-9000 security. Not a one of them is small enough to be completely wiped out by five of those acid-bath canisters. Mm. Maybe we're looking at this wrong. Maybe when they hit the safe factory, it wasn't a test run. It was an announcement. They were getting word out that they cracked the TD-9000, and they were planning to hit another one. TOBY: And if you had something you knew The Ghosts wanted in the TD-9000 vault, you got to move it quick. And an armored car's cubic footage can easily be taken out by just five of these IEDs. Boom, now we're cooking with salt. HAPPY: Damn right. We start with this company. The biggest armored car service in L.A. County. Well, let's call and see who got a truck. MAN: I only had one new booking today. Safe deposit box move. Client by the name of Huertavas. Let me pull up the job details. Oh, my God. That's it. A few years back, a Venezuelan cartel boss named Huertavas hired The Ghosts to steal a fortune from his rival. They grabbed $100 million cash. Deal was, Ghosts would get a third cut. Let me guess. Senor Huertavas wasn't a man of his word. He double-crossed them. They barely got out of Venezuela alive. Probably right around the time they swore revenge. A team on a revenge mission-- sounds familiar. SIMONE: Rumor is, Huertavas converted the cash into diamonds and hid them somewhere in the U.S. A hundred million in diamonds would fit into a safe deposit box. I got it. Got it. Client ordered safe deposit box number 1840, moved out from Santa Monica Trust & Loan. And what time was the pickup? Log says it was made five minutes ago. Headed east on Olympic now, turning south on Barrington. Okay, okay, you need to call the workers. Tell them they're in danger. We're on our way. I know we want to get the guys who hurt Sylvester, but... let's not forget who we are. MAN: Vehicle 117, come in. (tires screech) What the hell?! Vasquez, DeLongpre, do you copy? (automatic gunfire) It's going to give! We got to return fire! (automatic gunfire continues) ♪ ♪ (siren wailing) HAPPY: There's two down. Animals. Homeland. You got a 20 on the perps? Three bikes fled west on Grand. Highway Patrol's setting up a roadblock at the Sepulveda Overpass. They're gonna ditch the bikes before we get there. Advantage? Three-minute head start. (monitor beeping steadily) (grunts softly) Sylvester. Hi! Oh, thank God you're awake. Where... where's Walter? Right now I think he's got his hands full. We got to get them now. Once they hit the freeway or the hills, they're too maneuverable on those bikes. So we cut them off. (horns blaring) Head down to 22nd. Everybody hang on. (tires screeching) They're headed right for you. I see them. (tires screeching) Walter, be careful! You all right? I wedged my phone in his backpack. Nicely done. WALTER: Okay, they're going down Tenth. We can cut them off on Sixth. All right, this is Homeland Security Agent Cabe Gallo. The perps are headed toward Sixth and Tenth. We're on our way. (sirens wailing) OFFICER: This is LAPD. We have no sighting at Sixth and Tenth Street location. Wait. That's impossible. The signal says they're passing through right now. They should see three motorcycles. I'm not wrong. We're half a mile from the L.A. Aqueduct. They're in the sewers. They're underground. They're heading down Pico towards Santa Fe. According to the county DWP match, there's an outlet hatch by the Sixth Street tunnel. JAVIER: We ditch the bikes, and we're gone. How the hell did he find us? Surprise, jackass! Okay, you know what to do. CABE: You take Javier, we'll take the other two. Can't keep up with these motorcycles. Let me out. What? Let me out. That's Broadway up ahead. What the hell are you gonna do? HAPPY: I'll think of something. Flushing them back down toward me. Oh, come on, come on. (tires screeching) Look out! Look out! (automatic gunfire) He dropped the gun. (engine revving) Okay. Uh... 87 miles per hour, 150 yards. Three, two, one. You move, I shoot! Oh, yeah. Sometimes you got to smash stuff. I'm gonna follow him. You head to the north side and head him off. (tires screech) Hey! Hey! (sirens wailing in distance) (tires screeching in distance) Help me. Please, pull me up. Help me! Help me. (screams) (gasps) (indistinct police radio chatter) You all right? Yeah, yeah, I made a... made a move to save him, and I couldn't. Right. Pushed him hard today. We were all trying to do the right thing. CABE: Case like this, if you don't close it, it becomes a sore-- won't heal. I didn't want him to have that. What happened on the roof... I don't feel bad about what happened. You know me, I don't... I don't have those kind of feelings. I got to go see Sylvester. Oh, there he is. Man, you'd just do anything to get out of work, huh? Hey, pal. How you doing, kid? Good. I'm on morphine. (laughs) We missed you today. Could have used you on the case. What's in the box? Oh, something I have owed you for six years. Super Fun Guy comics. First 50 issues. Silver Age classics. Toby, that's your whole paycheck. I know, and it's making me sick. I'm gonna go now, 'cause I'm a doctor, and I know you need your rest. Otherwise, I'd be staying here all night, pal. The rest of you clowns, let this guy sleep. Okay. See you tomorrow, Sylvester. I'm not gonna kiss you. (chuckles) Take care, kid. Thanks. So my sister's taking good care of you? The best. Yeah, I thought she would. Uh, one question before I go. Um, quick brain teaser, see how the cranium's feeling. Walter, the doctor said he's fine. Fire away. Okay, so if a man weighing 160 pounds, with an arm span of 69 inches and a height of 72 inches reaches down at a 90-degree angle to, uh, pick up a man weighing 200 pounds, could he lift him? That's not a brain teaser. Megan told me what happened on the roof. That weight, that angle, he would have pulled you over. Right, but I didn't know that when I, uh... hesitated. Bye, Megan. I'll see you at work, Sylvester. Okay, so... do you like to fall asleep with the TV on? Fluff your pillows? (panting) Um... I never felt safe anywhere on Earth except for Scorpion. And now not even there. How can I go back to work? You can't tell Walter. Okay. You can't tell Walter. Okay. I'll help you get through this. We'll get through this together. Hey. What are you doing here? Checking on your friend. The nurse said he'll make a full recovery. Yeah. Walter, I've been waiting seven long years for that drink I told you about. Would you have it with me? I'd like that. Yeah. ♪ ♪ Hey, you remember this? (humming tune) (laughs) Not since I was pregnant. “Drew, I need salty-sweet. I need salty-sweet.” (laughs) I had no idea what you were talking about. I had the weirdest cravings. Ralph built an incredibly realistic suspension bridge with that erector set I got him. Gave me detailed instructions on how I could help. Hmm. Maybe he'll be an engineer. As long as he's happy. You know, I think, um... a lot about what it would have been like if I hadn't left. Paige. I know you. Your mind is somewhere else tonight. I'm just thinking about... today. Walter? The whole team. Rain check? I'd really like one. ♪ ♪ I called my old partner's wife. She relayed the good news. Said she thought she saw a smile. (chuckles softly) I think your friend Paige might be right about waking up tomorrow and not knowing what to do with myself. Well, I'm confident that you'll find a new quest for, uh, justice. Thank you. Couldn't have done it without you. Anytime. You know where to find me now. My plane doesn't leave till the morning. We could take this celebration back to my hotel. (sighs) Simone, you're... you are smart, you're impressive, you're, uh... you're beautiful. I'm flattered. But, um... ...there's somewhere else I-I feel I need to be tonight. Okay. Okay. Hi. Uh, I'm here to visit Sylvester Dodd. Okay, uh, friend or family? Family. (monitor beeping steadily) Hi. You guys are here, too? Submit your sitter's bill. I'll call it research. We'll get Homeland cover it. There's the one where Super Fun Guy meets Dr. Power Pants. We saved this one for you. Thanks. == sync, corrected by elderman == @elder_man 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 