Terror in the Woods: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Terror in the Woods 
 s1e5 - Werewolf/Demon in the woods - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Terror in the Woods (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Werewolf/Demon in the woods - full transcript 
 David and Lisa investigate strange noises while camping in North Carolina; Davey and his friends find evidence of a satanic ritual in the woods near their campus. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Everybody dreams of owning a place in a remote area Where they can get away from it all, But be careful what you wish for. Be very careful. The cabin itself makes you a little bit nervous To be out there by yourself. You never know what could be up there. The fear factor went through the roof. Somebody was trying to communicate. Some thing was trying to communicate. I really think it had to be... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 A ghost. The red river gorge is located In the daniel boone national forest. I've been hiking there since I was a 15-year-old child. In the summertime, it's so green and beautiful, You don't see the forest for the trees, But in the winter, when all the leaves are down, You can see miles. It's my favorite place on earth. My wife and I go up there regularly. After several years of going up there and renting, We decided to try to find a little cabin on a hill And find a place to have a vacation home And kind of future retire -- 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We want to retire and be off the grid up there. That's our goal. The cabin sits on an abandoned logging road. So, for 50 years or plus, They have not logged on these roads out there. We got very lucky. I'll get the bags. It's small, it's on a secluded area, And, you know, we just kind of were pinching ourselves when -- When we got it. - I'll put the coffee on. - That's great. For me, it's heaven. Cheers. Everything is so easy about living in the city, But, sometimes, you just want to get away from it all. And being able to retire someplace quiet And away from it all is what's perfect. You get to the cabin, you just feel this relief. It's like that heavy sigh when the day is over And that your week could be over. And then you look at this little log cabin. Solitude -- I think that's the best answer for it. It's just...Our escape. I'll put the bag in the car. - Drive safe. - I will. So, I have a full-time job in the city, And it's only a 2-hour drive. He ended up spending a lot of time there. Because I was spending so much time at the cabin alone, I decided to get a security system. I was up there about a week. I'd put up a security camera -- Like, a 4-camera system with infrared. There is absolutely nothing up there. There's no cellphone. There's not even a phone that worked. There was literally just me and the cabin, And I could just sit by my chair And watch my little monitor And just kind of see what goes by. It was late one night, about between 2:00 and 3:00 a.M. The security-camera system gives you warnings When it picks up anomalies, And you can record it, look back at it, And it happened to pick up some strange things. There was a strange, green mist That seemed to appear sporadically. The image is very clear. I mean, it's a very good image. It looked like it was morphing in and out. I mean, I know, when I'm looking at a monitor, What is supposed to be there, what's not supposed to be there. I know things that could affect it. I know that there was nothing going on that night That would put that image in there. I mean, it's really hard to decipher. It's hard to comprehend. But the thing about the infrared camera systems is that, At night, for it to pick up an object in motion, It would have to be generating so much heat To activate the cameras. I decided to walk out to see if I could figure out What it was coming from. What was making that image on my infrared camera? I didn't see anything. What do I think it was? I wish I knew. I wish I knew what it was. The way this thing moved... ...I really think it had to be... ...A ghost. The only thing I had hooked up in the cabin Was a playstation and a television, And both of them came on. You know, I was like, "okay, old cabin, Old electrical system -- things happen," right? About 10 minutes later... ...The exact same thing happened again -- Television, playstation come popping on. At that point, I'm extremely concerned and scared. The fact that you're in a remote area by yourself In the middle of the night Put me into total shock And terror mode -- panic. And I felt like I was gonna piss my pants. I was trying to decide, Was I gonna sleep in the cabin that night or not? You know, I was even debating whether to drive back home, 'cause I was that scared. And I said, "no, I'm gonna go in my bed And lay down and see if I can get some rest." So, I lay down in the bed, And I could see the television through the living room. I remember actually pulling the covers over my head. I pull them back down, and as soon as my eyes Made contact on the television, Bam. And I remember being fearful to look at -- Even in the direction of the television. So, I pulled the covers over my head. I'm talking to myself like, "you're a 50-year-old college-graduated -- What are you doing?" you know? "man up." It's really just blowing my mind at this point. So I immediately decided, "I've had enough. That's it." The fear factor went through the roof. And bam! I get out of bed and run out of the cabin. I didn't even really have that many clothes on. It was like, "I'm out of here." I thought it could be, you know, anything. I just couldn't explain it. I spent that night in my car. And I felt safer in the car than I did in the cabin. I could not go back in the cabin that night. There was just too much going on. He started to hear some things, see some things, And, you know, with my analytic mind, I'm like, "it was probably just a noise -- The house settling, old electricity -- Whatever the case might be. I'm gonna write everything off." So, on the cctv thing, it went off. I chalked up a lot of the electricity kind of stuff To being just that -- an old house. But it doesn't make sense, something completely turning on That was completely turned off. I have seen the camera footage and the green lights And things like that. It doesn't make sense. I don't know what it was, But I was scared for him being out there by himself. You just can't explain some things. That's all I can say. Yep. I know there's some things stuck between this world And the other world... Maybe. About a week later, it was late one night. I got another warning. I'm looking at the monitor, And this ball of white light came from the ground, Slowly moved up the driveway, Did a 180-degree turn back, Went back the other way, And, like, just surveyed the area, Got to the end of the driveway, And zipped out of frame -- I mean, in a split second, it went, whishh! I was seeing it on security cameras, And I'm looking at it like, "well, it's a bug," or, you know... Kind of looked like a little fairy out there -- Big, bright ball that was kind of floating around, And you could see the wings. You know, when you look at it closer, You're not seeing anything that makes -- that make sense. It would have to be generating so much heat To activate the cameras. That's when it all went black. - For real? - Yeah. No, I'm not kidding. I say something to the locals about -- you know, I said -- I showed them the footage of it flying and moving And rotating back and then zipping out of frame. You know what that is, don't you? It's a ghost. Three of the guys were like, "that's a ghost," And they were scared. My favorite thing to do is to walk out on this hillside. I love being out in nature, So I had walked out of my backyard in the cabin. And then, I just started thinking, "well, I'm out here in the middle of nowhere," And I quickly kind of got bored. I'd seen these "bigfoot shows" and things like that, And I've heard rumors and, you know, followed it A little bit -- the history with the gorge Is filled with tales from way back when, And I didn't put any stock into it at all. And in a mocking way, I picked up a big stick. And I decided I was gonna hit a tree twice, 'cause I'd seen this guy do it on some show, And, supposedly, that alerts whatever's out there, And they get responses. So I wound up like a baseball bat. Whack! Whack! Five seconds later... Bam! Bam! Who's there?! Who's there?! There is no way it is an echo, because I know echoes, And I just about lost it. Who's there?! I went into total fear and panic, like, "is somebody out here with me making a noise like that?" Billy, is that you?! Billy?! Billy! Stop horsing around! And in my mind, I thought, "okay, this is not happening. It's got to be a hoax. It's my friend billy. He's behind the tree. He's gonna get a big laugh out of this." I was really hoping billy would pop out. Billy, stop horsing around! Billy didn't come out. I'm like, "okay, this has got to be a hoax. Call him. Let's call billy, his phone will ring, And he'll pop out from behind the tree." Billy! Billy, is that you? I said, "okay, billy, I'm not laughing anymore, And you can come out. The hoax is over. Or I'm gonna start popping a few rounds into this tree." Get out! Get out! "you better come out, because I'm scared to death right now. I'm really, really out of my mind." He says, "you need to know that I'm not behind the tree, And if you feel like you need to shoot something, Feel free to do it." I mean, I was like, "run, bill, run!" I have a good friend that likes to come up and visit. And this one particular day, woody and I went out for a hike. So, tell me about this ghost you got, then, bill. Come on. This whole place is haunted -- strange lights, strange noises. You have no idea. After we had hiked for about five minutes And made our way down to the waterfall... We discovered one of the strangest footprints I've ever seen in my life. Look at this. What do you think that is? What is that? Looks like a footprint. Yeah. Bear? Some kind of cat? I don't know. It's -- it's awfully big. Yeah. It is a size 12 to 13 imprint With four digits that have hooked claws On the two in the front and on the sides. It's huge. It's big. Look. There's another one. - It's the same kind. - That's scary. What was so strange about this print Was that it didn't drag its feet. It walked like I would assume an ostrich Or a bird of some sort would, Where it took a 3- or 4-foot stride And put its foot straight down, And then 3- or 4-foot stride and put its foot straight down. I want to take a picture. That's big. That's much bigger than your foot. The closest thing that looks like this print Is a bigfoot. Strangest thing I've ever seen in my life. Hey. Look at this. Looks like a footprint. Yeah. Look -- right there. Hey, look. Scratch marks. Look at that. I think it goes up over the hill. - Come on. Let's go. - Are you sure? We continued to track that trail For about a half a mile down that valley, Across a creek bed... ...Through some really heavy brush... Up the other side, into an overhang cave area, Where they disappear. We do know where that cave area is. We've heard some other things at night coming from that area. So, they may be connected. It's been an eye-opening experience. It's hard to get your mind Wrapped around things you can't explain. I really think it's a significant find -- That there could be something that we can't explain Roaming those woods. I'm a pretty level-headed guy. I mean, a college-educated guy. I thought I had a pretty good sense of what the world offers, And I cannot explain any of this. Are you okay? Do you want to talk about it? I told her what was going on, And she was extremely skeptical and concerned, too, Because she could tell that it was really bothering me. I mean, it was a traumatic experience. There -- there are these sounds, Strange lights. I believe he believed what was happening, Because I support that, But doesn't mean I was buying into it at that point. Some evening? Sure is. We're sitting on the porch, doing what we do -- Enjoying nature's sound. You know, the crickets are doing their thing, and it's -- It's about as beautiful a place as you can imagine. Listening to the sounds Is actually one of the things I like to do. I love to sit out there on that wrap deck. You start to feel that tranquility, that peace of mind. All of a sudden, we started hearing what sounded like Howling and -- and barking and, you know, Growls and things like that. What is that? Some kind of animal. I'm a city guy. I'm trying to play it down for my wife, Who's hearing really nasty sounds. What is that?! I don't know. I don't know what it is! We hear a totally different sound, which was a bass-y, Baritone, guttural hellhound-type sound. It was resonating. I mean, we couldn't have had an amp set up And just blasting this better than that. It sounded like a coyote pack, But the noises that were being made were insane. I was flabbergasted. And I'm trying to be cool, But it kept getting louder and louder and louder. And it was directly across from our porch. No! Come on! Come in now! Please! I looked at my wife. I said, "look. You stay here. I'm gonna go get my cellphone, and we're gonna record this." And as soon as I grab my phone, walk out the door, it stopped. Not one single sound. We have heard plenty of other animals out there, But nothing to that degree. I could not describe the sounds we were hearing that night. Something was being murdered is what it sounded like. I mean, that's the only way you could describe it. For us to sleep in separate bedrooms Because I snore and kick and put her in a bedroom In the back of the cabin with a.38 Was the last thought I had on my mind When I bought this cabin. And it's still a -- for me, it's a huge stressor. Um...Did you see that?  Did anyone? -What's that?  -Come down. Come down. -It wasn't just me, right?  -No. If you're here,  just give us... This one particular night, we were watching a ghost show. -See everything...  -It's dripping. Suddenly, it got  really white near here. It's like slime. That wasn't  here when we walked in. There are a lot of shows that are searching out The psychic answers or the ghost stories, things like that. Do you hear crying? If there's anyone there, Give us a signal. And we were watching a ghost show, And I enjoy mocking the show. Give us a signal! What was that? I love these shows. So, bill decided that he'd kind of do what the host was doing And kind of called out a spirit to say, "hey, let us know you're here." Give us a signal. If there's anyone in this house, send us a signal. Bill, what is that? What just knocked on our front door on cue So hard that it would vibrate the floor? No. He went to check out to see what was on the deck. There's nobody out here. That was definitely... The thing that shook me, I mean, 'cause it was right there, it happened right then. Bill and I were right there. And my mind is trying to tell me, "it's nothing," But then, your heart and your -- Your emotional side say differently. So, yeah, right now, it's a little scary out there -- Definitely a little scary out there. There's nothing out there. We're looking at each other like, "what was that?" What was that? I- I don't know. It was -- it was dark, but there was nothing out there. There was nothing there, but at that point, my reaction's still, "well, maybe it was a tree limb." He's like, "charisse, there's nothing out there." I tried to, you know, calm my wife down. There's nothing there. Okay. My mind doesn't want to really go that there's some entity -- Ghost, spirit, whatever -- up there playing around with us. I don't really want to go there, but... I mean, it's kind of like I'm not sure what other explanation there is. I'm like, "look, darling, we need to really kind of Get our heads wrapped around what's going on up here, Because there's a very distinct possibility That this place is haunted." Bill! I had never feared the red river gorge. I used to go out there, like, with a sleeping bag And a guitar when I was 18 years old And wake up and see where I was, And it was this beautiful view in the morning. And I never had a gun. I never had to worry about arming myself. I was never really fearful of the place, And now we're aware that there could be something That we can't explain roaming those woods. The cabin itself and where it's located Makes you a little bit nervous to be out there by yourself. There are just things we can't explain and we can't understand. And you have to go, "yeah, that's something -- I can't explain it, and let's try not to be afraid of it." We're not crazy. We're not paranoid. We're just good people that have a good heart That came up to this cabin with some goodwill. We don't have answers, and we want answers. That's the only reason that I'm sharing this story with you Is that I want answers. - Hey. How are you? - Hi. Got a minute? I have showed it to at least 150 people. I'm, like, taking my iphone in there and saying, "man, have you ever seen anything like this In your life?" "no. No, no, no, no." - No? - No. This is the footprint that nobody can identify. This is my footprint here, which is about a size 12, And it's right directly next to the print that we found. When we initially first saw the footprints, What struck me was the claws that come off the side, The weird anomalies in the front, And the huge claw in the front. Look. Look. There's another one. Look at that. Notice it's not leaving too much back here, Which indicates a downward imprint. Of course, bigfoot, you know, would be more of a bipedal, Human-looking print. Some people have emus, but it's the wrong -- It's the wrong digits, bro. It's not the same. I mean, it didn't look like cat paws or bear paws -- anything. We spent six hours together researching on the internet. I got right into it with him, and we started Looking for what it could be, And I don't see what it could be. It is something totally different. It's somewhere between a bird and a dinosaur and a big animal. I believe there are creatures out there we haven't seen yet. I think there's a lot of stuff out there that we don't know. And I just know that there's so much more way deep That there could be all kinds of things on this earth itself That we can't find or see or even understand. Even the woodsmen that I've shown could not explain this. The locals have never seen anything like this. And it continues to be a mystery that we can't explain. The history of this cabin is important. I spent hours researching what it could be. This cabin was built by a gentleman up there That built it for his ailing daughter. Her name was regina willis. And I'm like, "that's funny. My name is willis." She stayed in this cabin in the same location where we were, And she passed away in the cabin. And, of course, I didn't know any of this when I bought it. You don't feel safe getting off your front porch At night without having some sort of weapon on you, And that's not only just because of the natural dangers Of being in the forest. You never know what could be up there. You know, now that I have experienced what I consider To be serious paranormal activity -- I mean, I've looked at all the evidence online. I've looked at all the shows. I've debunked everything that I can. I've gone from a skeptic to trying to justify All these events. I probably wouldn't stay there by myself. And I do wonder sometimes if -- if, you know -- If bill were to go before I do, How late I would live my retirement years Out there by myself. Yeah. Everybody dreams of owning a place in a remote area Where they can go away and get away from it all, But be careful what you wish for. Be very careful. There's something out there -- I'm telling you -- I know there is. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 