The Client List: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Client List 
 s2e1 - 'Till I Make It on My Own - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Client List (2012–2013): Season 2, Episode 1 - 'Till I Make It on My Own - full transcript 
 As her husband Kyle (Brian Hallisay) risks being sent to prison, Riley (Jennifer Love Hewitt) faces some daunting legal challenges and tries holding her family together with a risky plan to buy the Rub. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on The Client List... Come on. Let's give daddy his presents. I'll bring my gift next time I come over. Didn't have time to shop. What? You too busy to get your big brother a present? The bank called again about our mortgage. You and me, we're gonna get through this together, like we always do, right? Yeah. Kyle? Kyle left me, and I have no idea if he's ever coming back. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Kyle's been ne a while. It might be time to let the house go. Their daddy's gone. I can't take their house away, too. Riley Parks. We spoke on the phone about the job. Oh, right. When would you like to start? Hi, Hank. I don't want to be rude, but the girls that don't give extras don't really do very well here. 90% of what we do here is legit. I have a client list for a few guys who like a little something extra. What if I was interested in something that weren't on the menu? What are you looking for? The guy on your table was a cop. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I know you... from the spa. Next time we meet, I might not be so nice. I'm not quite sure what I would do without you around here. A guy can't step in for his brother? I didn't think I'd be doing it alone. You are not alone. Oh, my God. Kyle. Can I at least peek in and see the kids? Where are we? We are in a good place. Kyle coming back doesn't change anything. I want you to run the spa. In that file cabinet, there's a little book with some very big names in it. The client list? I heard you were in trouble. ♪ The Client List 2x01 ♪ 'Till I Make It on My Own Original Air Date on March 10, 2013 == sync, corrected by elderman == Are you in trouble? Riley, are you in trouble? I'm sorry. Kyle, I'm so sorry. What? What is it? What's going on? There's something I need to tell you. Riley. Sorry about this. Me too. Kyle Parks, you're under arrest. Hands behind your back. Let's go! Hand's behind your back. Goodbye. Kyle. ...can and will be used against you in a court of law. Kyle, what the hell is going on? You have the right to an attorney. Kyle, what did you do?! If you cannot afford an attorney, one will be appointed to you. It's not what you think. I'm here to see Kyle Parks. Go to the waiting room, and we'll call you when we're ready. Wow. That is a beautiful family that you've got there. You know, I bet if their daddy was being booked for something, you'd want to be able to tell them what he was being booked for, right? Their daddy might be in that picture, but he hasn't been in mine in years. Good for you for going it alone. My guy has been gone for, you know, a year, and... Look, I really just need something to tell my kids. The state of Texas does not allow me to divulge any information till he is booked and processed. Nice to know some of them come back. Thank you. Hey, mama. It's me. Sweetie, what's wrong? Is everything all right? Oh, yeah. Yeah, I'm -- I'm fine. Um... I'm at the county jail. Uh, it's Kyle -- I think he's in some sort of trouble. That man is nothing but trouble. What's he done this time? Honestly, I don't even know what to think. Look, you may have to take the kids to school tomorrow morning. Sure thing. And whatever's going on with Kyle, remember what I always say. I know, mama. "Husbands are like pancakes. There's no shame in throwing the first one out." And I should know. I've had my share of pancakes. Okay, bye. Riley. Riley. Hey, there, sleeping beauty. I come bearing doughnuts. I'm sorry. I must have dozed off. How long have you been here? Oh, not long. I just got here. You know how it is at your house. Linette called Lacey. Lacey told Dale. Dale called me. Please, tell me this is all some kind of misunderstanding. That's what I'm hoping. I got you jelly-filled. Cream, one sugar. Oh, and if you're gonna fall asleep on a police-department bench, you should take better care of your purse. Diary's gonna fall out. Oh, you know what? That's just some accounting stuff from work. You didn't have to come down here so late. Any excuse for an apple fritter and a cup of lukewarm coffee. You holding up okay? Better now that you're here. Listen... No matter what's going on with Kyle, it doesn't change my feelings. Me, too. Mrs. Parks? That's me. Howdy. I'm, uh, Hal Burkett, your husband's public defender. Whew. Got his file right here. Parks, Kevin. Kyle. Oh. All right. Here we go. Oh. Thank you. Whew. Felony theft. Uh, your hubby -- uh...can we, uh, talk in front of this guy? Yeah, he's his brother. All right. Your, uh... Your husband allegedly stole a semi truck full of copper wire from a company he was employed by. Well, that can't be true. Like I said, "allegedly." Okay. Why would someone steal copper wire? It happens all the time on my construction sites. It's worth thousands on the black market, but...my brother? Yeah, I mean, he's a lot of things, but he's not a...thief. Well, good news is, you know, it's just one charge. If your husband pleads out -- that means "guilty," by the way -- we're not looking at that much time -- a couple of years. You haven't even talked to him. I mean, what if he isn't guilty? Uh, look, like I said, it'll go a lot smoother for Kevin -- Kyle. Uh, Kyle, right. Mrs. Parks, I've fixed it so you can see your husband now. Thank you. Do you want me to go with you? No, that's the last thing I need is you two in a room together. Hey. Kyle. Yes, ma'am. Sorry. Why are you here, mee maw? Yeah, where's mommy? She had to do some mommy errands, but she'll be back real soon. Don't you worry, sweetheart. But mommy said she was gonna help me "prehearse" for the science fair. I can help you "prehearse." I'm all ears. Now, go on, honey. Go get your report. Is daddy coming to the science fair tonight? We'll have to see about that. Kyle, I can't help you without the truth. Just...what did you do? The truth or I walk. Look, when I got clean... I couldn't come back to you and the kids empty-handed. The kids wanted you to show up. They don't care about money. Yeah, but I do. I care about providing. I care about being a man. So, you stole. From crooks. That construction company is run by a bunch of thieves. And you're different because... Well, I guess I'm not. Look, I know I did a bad thing. All right, but that money waz for you and the kids. Come on. Haven't you ever done a bad thing for a good reason? Now, I think that I may have a way out of all this. But I need you to do me one favor. Don't give up on me. I never gave up on you, Kyle. You gave up on us. I know, mama. I will be there. Just take the kids to school, okay? I just need to let my head... I don't know, get straight for a minute. I'll get the kids ready. Thank you. ♪ I don't want to be left behind ♪ ♪ Distance was a friend of mine ♪ ♪ Catching breath in a web of lies ♪ ♪ I've spent most of my time ♪ catching my breath, letting it go ♪ ♪ turning my cheek for the sake of the show ♪ ♪ now that you know this is my life ♪ ♪ I won't be told what's supposed to be right ♪ ♪ catch my breath ♪ won't let them get me down ♪ it's all so simple now ♪ addicted to the love I found ♪ heavy heart now a weightless cloud ♪ No! Are you kidding me?! ♪ I'll spend the rest of my time ♪ ♪ catching my breath ♪ no, I can't hold it back ♪ I ain't got time for that ♪ catch my breath ♪ catch my breath ♪ won't let them get me down Mama! I need to take the kids to school. Can I borrow your car? What's happened to yours? Riley, are you okay? Mom! Mommy! Hey! Hi. Mommy! Hi. I don't suppose this is the best time to tell me what's what. Now is certainly not the best time. Okay. Mama's gonna take y'all to school. Can daddy pick us up? Uh... Not today. Will he be here tonight? We're gonna talk about that later, okay? So, go on. Get in mee maw's car. So, how bad is it, on a scale from 1 to 10? I smashed my own car window. Calling that an 11. Are you going back to see him? No. I'm gonna drop the kids off and then go to work. Our family has been just fine without him for a year. Mama, he left me without even a phone call. He may be locked up, but...at least this time I know where he is. Ladies, all hairdressers on deck, please. As of today, the Curl Up and Dry is switching to a brand-new and very, very exciting business model. Which is guaranteed to suck. Each of you gets to rent your very own chair, be your own boss, make your own hours. Pay our own salary? Yes. Oh, and health insurance, but the upside's unlimited. You're right. This sucks. No, I was wrong. My friend Raylene's salon runs this way, and she makes way more money than us. We could save up. You always wanted to open your own place. I'm sticking with, "this sucks." In local news, former U.T. starting quarterback Kyle Parks was arrested last night... Not as much as that does. ...on suspicion of robbing Houston's Vandermeyer Construction company. Parks faces charges for the alleged theft of a semi truck loaded with copper wire. Parks is being held by Harris county authorities, where he will be arraigned later this week. If convicted, he faces up to 10 years in prison. Parks dominated... Kyle Parks, local football hero is being held by Harris county authorities and will be arraigned later this week. If convicted, Parks faces up to 10 years in the state penitentiary. ...Filled with copper wire from Houston's Vandermeyer Construction. Kyle Parks, a Beaumont native, has fallen far from his high-soaring days as U.T.'s starting quarterback. Mr. Parks was arrested last night and is being held at Harris County jail. The investigation is ongoing as police continue -- Well, if y'all have come for a surprise party, you are six months too late, and I hope you brought me some cake. Sweetie, I know change is hard. Mama, I really don't want to hear it. The Curl is using a chair-rental system. Do I like it? Not one little bit, but I have to face the reality of the situation. I have made my decision, and I'm hiring an attorney. Well, thank the lord. If you haven't found one yet, the guy who handled my fourth divorce was great. I am hiring Kyle a criminal defense attorney. Riley, you are not bailing that man out of trouble. I have to do something. He's the father of my kids. You can't afford to pay some fancy lawyer. You two should have seen this public defender. He couldn't even zip up his own fly, let alone help Kyle win his case. After all he's done, it shouldn't be on you. Lacey's right. This is Kyle's mess, not yours. I appreciate the input. Actually, no. No, I don't. You know what? End of discussion. Lacey, we've got to get back to work. I'm waiting in your car. I'm not gonna stand around watching her make a mistake. Well, that went well. So, you gonna stay mad at me, too? Riley, none of us are mad at you. We're worried... and angry -- at Kyle. I can't stand seeing him treat you and the kids like this... Especially when you have better options. Did I tell you that Evan showed up at the police station last night, and he brought doughnuts? Jelly-filled? Raspberry and powdered sugar. My favorite. Oh, and yours. Evan's a great guy. He's been there for you while Kyle's been out holding up copper trucks. Kyle did something illegal to help his family. I mean, how can I judge him for that? That is different. No. We're both breaking the law. What you do at the Rub might be illegal, but you do not steal. Those men...want you. It's not like you're reaching in their pockets and grabbing what's in there. Not unless it'll get me a bigger tip. Lacey, I'm kidding. Now, will you just do me a favor, please, and have my back on this? I always do. I know. You're so good that way. Riley. - You should go. - Okay. Guess you heard the news. Oh, yeah. I heard. Just... Tell me one thing. Did he do it? Well, at least this time it's not your problem. I'm hiring Kyle an attorney. You can't afford that, Riley, and why are you standing by him? Because he is... Katie and Travis' daddy, all right? And you saw that idiot public defender. Are you sure you're doing this for the kids and not you? Evan... I meant what I said to you about us. It's just... I wish we could be... selfish. Me, too. Well, can I at least see you after work tonight? I have to meet Kyle's attorney. I thought you said you weren't gonna let Kyle's problems get in our way. Hey. Now, I'm gonna call you when I get home tonight, okay? Now, I promise. Promise. Come on. Walk a girl to her car? High and dry. Now we got clients coming out of our asses. I can't believe that Jolene and Kendra just quit. And Dee Ann hurt her knee at zumba. Riley... We safe? Yes. Yes, of course. We are safe. Unfortunately, we have to stick together. What about the police, huh? They coming back here? No, that had nothing to do with the Rub and everything to do -- Your no-good husband? Georgia, you're back. And not a moment too soon. Riley and I need to have a meeting of the minds. Selena, tell the clients that they'll be comped a free massage for their patience. Oh, great. Two-for-one. Good thinking. 'Cause that's really gonna help our schedule. Still a smartass, I see. And a pain in one, too. Some things never change. Riley, are you all right? I saw the news about Kyle. Oh, I'm -- I'm hanging in there. Well, if there's anything you need -- Thank you. I'm just glad that you're back. You know, I was worried. I mean, you just dropped off the face of the earth like that. I'm fine. I just had to lay low once that councilman gave us heat. Well, we did not hear one word from that man after you left. You're damn right. I called in a favor from one of my very powerful clients, but I knew it was best for everyone if I just stayed away. But you're back for good now, right? Well, about that -- I've got a situation. What do you mean? There's this gentleman. Georgia, you met someone? Who is he? What's his name? His name is Harold. He's been on the back burner for a few months, but I must say that while I was away, our pots did boil over. Oh! That's great. Oh, look at that smile. I'm happy for you. Oh, me, too, honey. Me, too. So, what does this relationship have to do with you coming back to the Rub? Well, Harold is a good man. I don't want to have to keep lying to him about what I do. Georgia, this -- this place is your life. And it cost me my first husband. I never want to go through that kind of pain again. Harold could be my last chance at love. So, what are you gonna do? The truth? I don't know... But until I figure it out, I want you to keep doing what you're doing. Okay. Okay. So, here's the plan. We're gonna split Kendra's clients. You'll take Dee Ann's, and I'll do Jolene's, 'cause we both know that you don't want to do a legit massage. All right, if you're gonna get all high and mighty about the kind of massages we do, save it -- been there, heard that. Yeah. You wouldn't believe the things I've heard coming from your massages. Oh, and there you go with your little judge-y, pageant-queen face. Okay, here's the new deal. Whatever you and the client decide in that room is cool with me. The room becomes like Vegas. Whatever happens in there stays in there. And no, uh... Judge-y, pageant-queen face from you? And no stink face from you? You clear this with Georgia? Absolutely. She's on board. Really? I'm gonna make so much more money than anyone in this place. Yeah, I really think that you're gonna blow the clients away -- pun intended. You know, I think this is the first time I've kind of liked you since you started working here. Speaking of work -- today's schedule -- you're gonna need something to write this down. You got a pen? No, I got my phone, though. Okay, you got Nelson at 10:30. He's got a comb-over, so don't mess with his hair, and I hope you brought your pom-poms because he loves himself a cheerleader. Sergio's at 11:45. Oh, look at you. You got a "pornographic" memory. So, who's first at bat for you? Oh, you know that guy they call "Mr. Louboutin"? Yeah, are you kidding me? So, what? Just because you're in charge of this place now, you get to pick the best clients? Well... If the shoe fits. Those are not just shoes. They are a work of art. Beautiful shoes for a beautiful woman. You know what? Shoes and flattery do get you everywhere. You know, I was real sorry to hear Kendra up and quit, but...I think you and I are gonna get along just fine. Really, now? What'd you have in mind? She used to take a stroll up and down my back. Really? Kendra did that? Mm-hmm. That's a first. Look, I promise... I'll have you smiling by the time you leave here. ♪ Adeline, have mercy ♪ you don't want to break my heart ♪ Like this? ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh Exactly like that. ♪ ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ put the gun down ♪ ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ put the gun down Mrs. Parks. Thanks for meeting me here. I'm due in court in 10 minutes. Did you have a chance to go over Kyle's case? I reviewed your husband's case. He has no priors, correct? No, not even a speeding ticket. In other words, other than this... misunderstanding with his employer, Kyle's an exceptional husband and father. Yes. Sure. Well, uh... based on my experience, given that he has no priors and...if the missing semi truck full of copper were to mysteriously turn up on the streets of Laredo or any old place... I'd say Kyle has a good chance of beating these charges. All we need is a retainer of $5,000 to get started. $5,000 -- up front? Well, that's how retainers work. Well, I don't have that kind of cash on me. Cash. Uh...only my criminal clients pay cash, and you don't look like a criminal to me, Mrs. Parks. I'll get you your money. Won't leave you high and dry. Travis, your intestines look great, but the science fair's in half an hour. We got to go. But daddy's not here yet. Why hasn't he come home? Uh, he ran into a little bit of trouble... on his construction site, you know? So, he may not be home for a while. Is he ever coming back? Yes. He will. I just don't know when. Tell you what -- why don't I record the science fair, and we'll send it to your daddy so it's like he's there, okay? Okay... But I still wish he was coming with us. I know you do, baby. I know. Now, come on, you worked so hard. You don't want to miss it. Let's go. Careful. Oh, those are intestines. Hello. I'm your amazing intestines. I'm an organ just below your stomach. If you stretch me out, I am 20 -- 52 -- 25 feet long. Thank you. Ignore them. Biggest bunch of gossips I've ever met. They need to mind their own bake sale. Karina. Our sons were in kindergarten together. Ethan. He's adorable. You work at my bank? Accounts manager. I handle your home loan and the PTA treasury. I'm sorry about them. No, it's all right. Small town -- nothing's more interesting than a fallen beauty queen. Well, my son did his project on volcanoes. Maybe we can toss a few of them in there. I think the universe is gonna take care of them. Hey, mommy. Can I have a cupcake? Uh... Sure, baby. Um...here you go. Riley Parks. Detective Monroe. We need a word. Detective Dunbar, Houston P.D. You know, Nathan says to say hi. Riley. I'm really sorry to bother you at Travis' school. I'm so sorry, but do I know you? Oh, you probably don't recognize me without my helmet on. I played at U.T. with Kyle -- but the other side of the ball. Manny Monroe -- "Manny the Man"! A few years and whole lot of enchilada plates later. Yeah, a whole lot. Yeah, Mr. Triathlete here can eat as much as he wants. Well, I think you look great. So do you, as always. We need to ask you some questions about your husband's crime. Manny... You know Kyle. I mean, he's not a bad guy. But I still need to do my job. Okay. Ask away. Timeline -- so, Kyle leaves the family home last year, spends some time south of the border, comes back to get some construction work in the states. Sounds about right, as far as I know it. Did Mr. Parks ever give you any funds off the sale from the stolen copper wire? Is this one of those trick questions? No. No one has given me any money. Really? You know, 'cause I can't help notice you got a really nice outfit there. Manny the man here might be your friend, but I'm not. I'll be watching you. Well, I'll try to give y'all something good to look at. Hey. Travis, what's wrong? Samantha's mom told me I couldn't go to the pizza party. Oh, she did, did she? I'll be right back. I know. That family. Hey. You still sober? Your nose job looks great. You know, I remember taking care of both of your kids when you guys were having some problems. You know, I paid $22.50 for Travis to be able to go to this pizza party, so he's gonna see y'all later, right? That's what I thought. Look, you can say whatever you want about me and my husband, but don't take it out on an innocent child. It's just not ladylike. Who wants pizza? Me! Me! Whoo! Let's go. Come on. Ladies. Thanks for squeezing me in. Of course. It was nice to see you last night. It was also nice to see you tell them off. I wouldn't have had the courage. So, how can I help you today? Well, uh, I need to open a small line of credit on my house for some attorney fees. I understand. Riley, are you sure you want to take on more debt? Is there anyone you can borrow the money from? Any chance of taking on extra work? I don't know anybody that has that kind of cash, and...as far as more income -- look, the thing is, I need the money right now for the retainer. Okay. Let's see. Well, you've got some equity, so that should be fine, but I see you've made some large deposits in cash. I'm a manager at the spa, and so...I get tips on the massages that I give. I get it, but you know how the IRS is. They go after the most hard-working people. After we pull this line of credit, we'll figure it out. I really appreciate it. We single moms got to stick together. Let me guess. Parks family grapevine? Better than GPS tracking. So, did you forget something last night? Evan -- to call you. I'm so sorry. It's okay. Protein. Hydration. Look, I know you got a lot going on. Don't you think we deserve a little selfish time? Come on, then. Spend some selfish time with me? Come on! So, after the papier-mâché fell apart, we had to put the whole darn thing back together again using pasta and a balloon. Who knew the intestines could be so fascinating? Go with your gut -- that's what I always say. Couldn't agree with you more. Oh. Do you remember senior year when we found ourselves out here all alone? You mean when you dropped your purse in the stands here and everything spilled out? Of course I remember. Hours and hours spent crawling around on our hands and knees. Like a couple of lunatics. Yeah, we did find everything. No, we did not. We never found my lucky lip gloss. Okay. I still don't understand that. How can lip gloss be lucky? You're never gonna understand it. It's a girl thing. Well, it did get us alone together in the stadium, so maybe it was lucky. Evan, put that down. Oh, no. What do we got here? We got a brush, we got a cellphone, but where's that lucky lip gloss? Well, that's right here. Are you sure that's the lucky one? Only one way to find out. ♪ I will meet you down the line ♪ Give me that. Hello. Uh, sure. Yeah, I'll be there as soon as I can. Thank you. That was, uh, Kyle's attorney. Kyle. Yeah, I got to go. ♪ I'll meet you down the line ♪ I will meet you down the line ♪ I got your call. What's the emergency? You need to talk some sense into your husband. What's going on? I told you to leave her out of this. She hired me to get you out, and this is the only way, all right? You have to give up your accomplice. Yeah, and I told you that I can't. Kyle, if it's the only way to get you out, start talking. Look, I know that it seems crazy, but I have my reasons. You just have to trust me. Are you kidding me? You've got two kids at home. You're gonna be a stand-up guy for some crook? Why don't you be a stand-up guy for them? The longer we wait, the harder it'll be to cut a deal. I'm sorry. Talking was never our strong suit. Riley, don't walk out like that. Like you walked out on me? Do not call me again until he's got something to say. Oh, lord. Oh, hey, hey. Hey, hold up. So, Mr. Louboutin brought in a friend. You must have blown his socks off yesterday. Oh, lord. Please don't give that many any new ideas. Is he waiting on me? Yeah, in reception. You know, honey, your -- your eyes are looking a little swell, and I don't mean that in a good way. Didn't think you would. Must be my allergies. You should see me when I have hay fever. Here. Try that. Thank you. Sure. Like you said, us Rub girls, we got to stick together, right? Yeah. I said that. Right. I was raving to my friend Clyde here about that amazing massage you gave me yesterday. Oh. So, you want a tour? Okay. Well, then, let's start in my office. There's a lot of special things we offer. Have a seat. And we have a lot of special girls. Okay, so...you want to be on the client list. Well, that's...great. Here's how it works. If we accept you onto the list and you betray the Rub in any way, the guy that brought you here is responsible. You take us down, you take him down -- we all go down. Like dominoes. It's how we keep ourselves safe -- me, the girls, the clients, everyone. Now, whatever you and the girl decide, totally up to you, as long as it is 100% consensual. And the owner of the Rub gets a cut of everything. Oh, and there's one more rule. It's kind of like, um -- like the "Fight Club." We don't talk about, and we don't mention the list anywhere outside this room. There are many powerful individuals on that list -- or so I've heard. Yeah, and you're never gonna find out who they are 'cause it is completely confidential. And I promise you, they will crush whoever violates those rules. Who controls the list? I'm the manager, so I call the shots. What about Georgia? I'm gonna be taking over more of her responsibilities. Now, you have any questions? Just one. When can I start? Hey. Nice necklace. Oh. Yeah, thanks for the referral. That new guy, Clyde, loves pearls. A pearl necklace. Really? Okay. Ew. Kyle Parks, your visitor's here. What the hell are you thinking? You know, the last thing I need right now is a lecture from you. Riley was just getting on her feet. Kids were doing great. You come back here, bring nothing but trouble. I came home for my family. Yeah, they were doing just fine without you. You know, you should've just stayed gone. And you should stop standing there acting like you're some kind of hero when you're off sneaking around behind my back. You got something to say to me? Yeah, I do. I saw you with my wife. Riley needs me. You know, I've been there for her -- after you abandoned your family. Right. And there was nothing in it for you, right? What kind of man takes advantage of his brother's wife? You never did have the balls to go out and make a life of your own, did you? All right, all right, all right, all right, all right! You should have stayed gone, Kyle! You should have stayed gone! Seriously? Well, at least Kyle left you something. My window's being fixed. I figured he wasn't gonna need his truck for a while. Well, it suits you. Thanks for coming to get me. I had no idea what I was supposed to tell the kids -- that both their daddy and Uncle are in jail. Do the kids know where Kyle is? No. I wanted to wait until after the arraignment. Hopefully they'll never have to know. That's probably a good idea. They've been through enough. Got to protect them as long as you can. You know, are you gonna tell me what you two were fighting about, or are we just gonna keep dancing around it? We're brothers, all right? We got a lot of history, and we're both hot-headed. Oh, yeah. Riley, don't you see? You could leave Kyle right now, and nobody would blame you. Travis and Katie would. They would never forgive me. Look, Evan, I told you that I can't just walk away, and if you don't understand that, then I don't know what we're doing here. Buddy, you're wasting my time. Why am I here? You already made it clear that you won't give up your accomplice. I have made my share of mistakes, but I am not gonna lose my wife because of them. All right, well, I'm glad to hear that. And, so, the name of your accomplice? I'm still not giving that up. But there is something else that could help. Some things that would mean a lot more to a prosecutor than just some copper wire. Interesting place. Oh. It belongs to Harold. He's redoing it, but it's gonna be cute. I think I have a solution to your problem. With Harold? Go on. Okay, so, you don't want to lie to the man that you love, but you can't let go of the spa. Because you girls need me. Right. But what if you helped us with what we needed, but you weren't tied to anything on paper. Riley, what are you getting at? Well, I think you should sell it... to someone that you trust, somebody who knows the business. Honey, you are not suggesting -- My bills are piling up. And with attorney fees, I just don't know that I'm gonna make it. But if I was the owner -- Oh, but... There would be so much more risk. Look, I'll be as careful as I can, but honestly... ...it's a risk I just might have to take. You would no longer have to lie to the man that you love. And no more secret life. Think about it. What are those for? For being stupid. For thinking of myself and not you and the kids. Oh. It's been hard on all of us. I know it's not fair to ask you to wait. But it's what we got to do. Until things with Kyle get sorted out, I'll take what I can get. I'd regret it for the rest of my life if I didn't. Mommy! Mommy, is that you? Uncle Evan, you're eating dinner with us? Uh, yeah. Uh, I was thinking of, uh, making Uncle Evan's famous burgers and shakes. Great! Yay! Ooh, you know what would make it even better? If daddy was here with us. ♪ God blessed me, I'm a free man ♪ ♪ with no place free to go ♪ paralyzed and collar tight ♪ no pills for what I fear ♪ this is crazy ♪ I wish I was the moon tonight ♪ ♪ chimney falls as lovers blaze ♪ ♪ I thought that I was young ♪ now I've freezing hands and bloodless veins ♪ ♪ as numb as I've become ♪ I'm so tired ♪ I wish I was the moon tonight ♪ Hey, Georgia. I've been thinking -- your proposal. I'm selling you the spa. Okay. It's a deal. Deal. So, you're finally passing the baton. Hello, Judge. After 20 years in the business, it was time to move on. After that nasty business with the councilman. I do appreciate you getting him off our backs. Long as I can get off on mine. Oh, you are a powerful man. Indeed, I am. However, there are limits to my reach. A request for a search warrant? Now, I'm stalling the authorities as long as I can, but I'm not sure how much longer I can keep them away from her. == sync, corrected by elderman == 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 