The Weekly: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Weekly 
 s1e1 - The Education of T.M. Landry - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Weekly (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - The Education of T.M. Landry - full transcript 
 A tiny school in rural Louisiana attracts national attention for sending students to the Ivy League; a New York Times investigation shows that the viral success stories were full of deception, and that the truth was much darker. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [overlapping chatter] DORAIAN: I was just so stressed, I'm like, "What if I don't get in?" [suspenseful music] Behind me are my parents, and my little sister, she's standing there, like, looking over my shoulder. They have the thing where you have to have a certain chair and a certain place in a room. ‐ Wait, wait, wait, you move over. BOTH: Yeah. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 MAN: No, no. ‐ Oh. ♪ ♪ ‐ You in. ALL: [screaming, cheering] ALL: [screaming, cheering] NEWS ANCHOR: You've probably seen the viral videos of their students getting accepted to Ivy League schools. ‐ I am actually here with the founders of the school, Tracey and Mike Landry. ‐ This year we're looking to go to MIT, Harvard, Stanford, Columbia. ‐ They were getting all this attention from news channels, they were in articles. Two students went to Ellen. ‐ You're 16, and you got into Harvard... ‐ Yes. ‐ ...And you got into Stanford. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [laughter] [cheers and applause] ‐ What were you actually feeling in the moment where you thought, like, "Yes, TM Landry is the place for me?" ‐ One of my dad's friends, his son, went to TM Landry, and he had gotten accepted into Brown, and so he was like, "Oh, this is actually a system that's working. Let me just move my children there." ‐ He seemed to see in us what we didn't see in ourselves. DORAIAN: That was the second time I've ever seen my dad cry. I think he was just so proud. RAYMOND: It's a really great, feel‐good story. ‐ Let's go. Yeah, let's go! ‐ But it's‐‐ it's just not reality. [introspective music] ♪ ♪ [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ ERICA: The viral videos came from a small private school in an old factory building, here in Louisiana's Cajun Country. GPS: Turn right. ERICA: I've been an education reporter for nearly a decade, and if there's one thing I've learned, it's that many poor and black students have the odds stacked against them, especially when trying to get into elite colleges. You know, I watched the videos. Everyone watched the videos. GPS: Turn left. ERICA: They resonated with people because they represented hope. I thought the Landry's had shattered a glass ceiling, so I was shocked when my colleague Katie Benner, who covers the Justice Department got a tip about the school from a former federal prosecutor. Katie and I decided to go down to Louisiana to investigate. [overlapping chatter] [foreboding music] ‐ Come on in, guys. ♪ ♪ Sit wherever you feel comfortable. I would like to just start kind of at the beginning and go chronologically... ERICA: A group of families wanted us to know that TM Landry wasn't what it seemed. ‐ I can talk to you for hours... ERICA: They had a list of disturbing allegations against the school. ‐ She was scared to attend. ‐ I can't tell you that I had a clue the first year... ERICA: Many of them felt guilty for entrusting the Landrys with their children. ‐ She didn't really like it. But I liked it. ERICA: All of them felt cheated and deceived. ‐ ...And identify you. PARENT: I feel horrible as a grandparent that I allowed her to stay there. ‐ Everybody was drinking the Kool‐Aid. ‐ This is almost like a damn cult. ♪ ♪ [introspective music] ♪ ♪ ERICA: One of the first people I visited was Bryson Sassou. Hello. He graduated from TM Landry in 2017 and went on to St. John's University in New York City. ‐ It was a nightmare. It really was. ERICA: What about, like, your transcripts? What did that reflect? ‐ A lot of courses that I never even took. Mandarin III, and I got an A‐ in it. Um, I know nothing of Mandarin. [chuckles] Honors Biology, I got a B+ in it. Never took it. ERICA: Bryson said he didn't find out that the Landrys had doctored his college application until he already moved into his dorm and started classes. Bryson and other students told us that Mike Landry had urged some of them to make up details on their college applications that exploited negative black stereotypes. BRYSON: What he wanted was... TYLER: A sob story. ‐ A sob‐‐yes, basically a sob story. ERICA: This, he argued, was what Ivy League schools wanted to hear. ‐ He wanted the grimiest, low‐down thing. You not having food in your mouth, and you having to sell drugs or coming from a drug background, how they looked at black kids from the South. He wanted to give them that. My truth was me overcoming my epilepsy. That was my story. ‐ But you're in college now. I mean, was it worth it? ‐ Was it worth it? No. Within my first week there, I dropped all of the original courses I had. I was in courses I had no idea what was going on. [suspenseful music] ERICA: Bryson chose to speak to us at great personal risk. If he exposed the truth about TM Landry, would he get kicked out of college? ‐ A high school diploma. ‐ It sucks that your high school diploma it's a TM Landry... BRYSON: [laughs] It's just a TM Landry diploma. ‐ How did you feel when you got this? BRYSON: At the time, I was extremely excited. I really thought I graduated, 'cause we didn't know that this was a fake diploma. SASSAU: This was the cost of everything. ERICA: TM Landry is unaccredited, so its diplomas aren't recognized by Louisiana, a fact that some families said wasn't made clear to them when they signed up. ‐ As a parent, I feel I let them down. ♪ ♪ I wish I'd have known what I know now. [classical music] MIKE: I push our students to attend elite schools not for them to think that they're better than anyone else, but to change their mind... ERICA: Mike Landry, a former salesmen and Tracey Landry, a registered nurse, used aspirational videos to attract students. ‐ The culture, I would say, is one of a nurturing environment. ‐ All these kids are going to these colleges. Unbelievable, you know? So, why not? ‐ In this state, in this part of the country, for black kids going to Ivy League schools? ‐ As a parent, you go, Wow. ERICA: The Landrys had never run a school before. By 2017, 180 students had enrolled. The Landrys said they created more than a school. They created a family. ♪ ♪ ‐ What's going on here? Okay, what's the real story? Let's get behind the scenes here and figure out what really happened. ERICA: Katie and I kept digging. We interviewed dozens of people associated with the Landry school. PARENT: Mike was selling dreams. ERICA: Parents, teachers, students... PARENT: There's no grades. There's no transcripts. There's no proof of anything. ‐ Fake... What they described was an institution focused on ACT prep that offered little formal instruction. Registration fees to start the children off. Tuition for the whole year. But received hundreds of thousands of dollars a year in tuition and donations. MAN: He would pick and choose which kids would get to be in the videos. ERICA: An institution that used its viral videos to attract more students and more money. MAN: It was a misuse of publicity. MAN: It was a marketing tool, you know? ERICA: And convinced universities that some TM Landry students were more than model minorities. They were superheroes who had overcome impossible odds. I mean, and there's a reason that the Landrys came up with this scheme. There's a reason that they changed their personal statements for the kids to have more of a... a... KATIE: Bigger deficit to overcome. ERICA: Yeah. Black kids always have to have some deficit to overcome in order to be seen as valuable. [foreboding electronic music] ♪ ♪ FORMER STUDENT: He said I was in AP History. I never took History. MAN: All these classes, TM Landry doesn't really have. FORMER STUDENT: He wanted to put my mom down as a meth head. MAN: It was just so, so bizarre. JONATHAN: Let me just ask them where they stand. ERICA: We're going to be essentially identifying two students who‐‐ who are in college right now. I'm not going to lie, like, over the weekend, I had a few moments where I was like, I, like, ca‐‐can I do this? Jonathan: Yeah. ‐ Like, I don't know if I can do it. Like, I don't know. We have more than enough... If the Landrys had lied on behalf of some of the students, we worried about the backlash they could face from our story. Do you think we focus on only students who aren't in college? ♪ ♪ ‐ [mouths] JONATHAN: [sighs] I mean, look, anybody who reads this story is going to say, "What happened to the kids that got in "based on these fraudulent applications?" It's ju‐‐it's a question that we have to answer. ♪ ♪ ERICA: My fear is it's going to impact them, the kids, more than the perpetrators. [ambient music] ♪ ♪ MARY: Just eat your food, please. Nyjal, you going to eat your food. ERICA: Transcript fraud was only part of the problem at TM Landry. ‐ Oh, Lord. ERICA: We discovered that a family had tried to blow the whistle on the school back in 2017. ♪ ♪ Nyjal Mitchell was 14 when he started at TM Landry. His younger sister, Sanaa, was ten. ♪ ♪ ‐ I just really wanted to go to MIT. It was my dream to go. I wore the jacket every day, like, as a reminder of where I wanted to go. After the incident, I really haven't worn it. ERICA: Nyjal said that during his freshman year, he was playing with friends when Mike Landry walked into the room. ‐ I had picked up, like, something like a... a broom or something, I don't remember, and I started twirling it around and he came at me and he grabbed me. And he, like, had his arm around my throat, then he drug me by the hoodie, and then he put his foot on my neck. After he put his foot on my neck, he made me get on my knees and, like, put my arms around a pole. ERICA: Where in your neck did he put his foot? ‐ Here, right here. ERICA: And other people saw this? NYJAL: Yeah. [solemn music] ♪ ♪ ERICA: When Nyjal told his parents, they took him to the Breaux Bridge police, and then to the St. Martin Parish Sheriff to file reports. MARY: Mr. Landry had a private meeting to tell parents and students not to have any contact with us. ERICA: They ostracized you guys? ‐ It did my son, my children. ERICA: It must've been very painful. MARY: It was. ‐ Nobody believes you and nobody wants to help you. ♪ ♪ ‐ We got a copy of the police report. She said that Nyjal attempted to remove Mike's hand, due to him turning red. The student said that Mike stood Nyjal up and placed him against a wall and continued to choke him. Second witness statement. A parent says that her son told her that Michael Landry choked Nyjal Mitchell. MARY: Their words to me were that my case was closed because there was not enough evidence. How do you look to your son in the face every day and tell him that we've done everything that we were legally supposed to do to stop a predator from hurting you and nothing happens? ♪ ♪ FORMER STUDENT: Sometimes I would see him choke people. ERICA: More than a dozen other students told us they witnessed physical abuse at the Landry school. Students being choked... ‐ Picked them up and body‐slammed them... ERICA: And slammed on desks. ♪ ♪ In one case, a child with a disability was said to have been put into a trash can. ‐ Just go straight at you like that. ERICA: But the most common form of punishment was sustained kneeling. ‐ Get on your knees. ERICA: On a bathroom floor, on hot pavement, on rice. ‐ And I could barely stand when I got up. It felt humiliating. ERICA: Former students said that Mike Landry told them that if they crossed him, he'd block their chances of getting into college by giving failing grades on their transcripts. ‐ ...Something's wrong with that issue. ANA: I remember him saying like, "If any of y'all em‐effers try to leave this effing school, I'll eff up your transcripts." ‐ He would say that he would just make it to where you literally couldn't get into college. ‐ Tracey and Mike Landry, how's it going this morning? ‐ Oh, it's great. RAYMOND: Even the success stories are still broken in some way. So yeah, it seems like it's a tough love type of thing from the outside, that we're all getting whooped into shape and coming out better people, but we're really not. ♪ ♪ ERICA: The kids are‐‐are scarred and they're traumatized. They‐‐they'd hold them hostage. And it didn't have to be that way. A lot‐‐these kids are smart. They could've done it on their own and someone cheated them out of the opportunity to do that. ‐ I hope that he recognize that he messed with my brother, and he messed with the wrong brother. He messed with the wrong son, he messed with the wrong family, he messed with the wrong town. ERICA: For weeks we've been listening to family's allegations of fraud and abuse at TM Landry. Now it was time to give the Landrys a chance to respond. Where is Mike Landry? ‐ He's not returning our calls. ‐ Come on, man. [cell phone rings] ‐ It's him. ‐ Oh, my God. Hello? ERICA: The phone call lasted over an hour. How does that happen? If they have, you know, Mandarin III on a transcript and they've never taken a day of Mandarin in their lives. MIKE: Well, I don't know how they did that, so, uh, I can't say none of those things there and, uh... ‐ Aren't‐‐don‐‐don't you manage the transcripts? Don't you send them off and‐‐and compile them? MIKE: Yes, I‐‐I'll compile those and... ERICA: Mike Landry's answers were inconsistent and didn't always make sense. We asked him about the abuse allegations. Making students kneel on the‐‐ on‐‐on their knees for long periods of time or‐‐ MIKE: No, no, no. No. If I can think and I can identify that you don't understand, I'm going to tell you to kneel. ‐ How do you square corporal punishment in your school with this idea that you're building self‐esteem? MIKE: Uh, I'll give you that. That's a great one. I appreciate you asking that question, 'cause that changed years ago. And remember, the allegation, that was‐‐ I can't say when, but I know for sure it was probably over five years ago. KATIE: It was 2017. February. MIKE: No, no, that right here, that was‐‐I didn't do anything in that one. ‐ Okay. MIKE: I'm talking about the first time. Uh... ERICA: Mr. Landry surprised us by mentioning an earlier allegation we weren't aware of. MIKE: What ended up happening was that, uh, my cousin came in, uh... She came in and she said‐‐ she opens up the door and she says, "Mike, uh, you need to whip him. "Uh, he curses me out all the time." Because we were family. That's when I paddled him. Because the mom told me to, 'cause they were living by themselves or whatever the case is, I don't remember exactly. ERICA: Okay. This is real. ♪ ♪ ERICA: Katie looked into the allegation Mr. Landry mentioned on the phone. He hadn't told us the whole story. In 2012, a mother took her 12‐year‐old son to file a police report after noticing bruises on his back and bottom. A lot of what's in the complaint sounds strikingly similar to Nyjal's police report, but it happened four years earlier. The child said Mr. Landry choked and slapped him and stepped on his neck and stomach. He also said that Mr. Landry made him eat rat feces. Mike Landry eventually pleaded guilty to simple battery. He served one year probation and was ordered to attend an anger management class. But he kept teaching. How did the Landrys get away with this? Well, it's mostly because Louisiana allows schools to operate without any state oversight if they don't accept government funding. The reason the state officials didn't see the red flags is that to them, TM Landry doesn't even exist. KATIE: So you can just take this next right. ERICA: We wanted to give the Landrys another chance to respond before we published our story, so we returned to Breaux Bridge. We didn't know what to expect. Okay. [suspenseful music] Before the cameras were allowed in, the Landrys gathered a group of students to help defend the school. ‐ What's your ACT score? STUDENT: Thirty‐two. ‐ Twenty‐seven. STUDENT: Twenty‐seven. STUDENT: Thirty‐one. ‐ Twenty‐eight. ‐ Thirty. MIKE: Do we do everything that society says? Not even close. The state of Louisiana has more African‐Americans in prison, boys, than anywhere else in this country. My brothers were drug dealers, and I wish that somebody had put my brothers in kneeling. KATIE: How many have had to‐‐ ‐ Because maybe they wouldn't have had that. Say it again. KATIE: How many of you have had to kneel down? ♪ ♪ TRACEY: Our students, they're family. Most of them have slept at our houses. It's like trying to get stuff that isn't here. ‐ Write whatever you want to write about us on the negative side. I'll go to war every day for our students, but at the end of the day, my sister, if we get kids at Harvard every day, I'm going to fight for Harvard. They killed Jesus Christ because he‐‐ he could save the world. So I say to myself, "Who are you compared to Jesus?" Nothing. So I stick my arms out and say, "Kneel me‐‐nail me to the cross, if that's what you want." ♪ ♪ In English! ALL: I love you. ‐ In English. ALL: I love you. ‐ In Mandarin. ALL: [speaking Mandarin] ‐ In Mandarin! ALL: [speaking Mandarin] ‐ In Russian. ALL: [speaking Russian] ‐ Check this one off. Mike‐a‐nese ALL: Kneel. MIKE: Mike‐a‐nese ALL: Kneel. [suspenseful music] ERICA: You know what? It's going to be fine. These families are ready. ♪ ♪ NYJAL: I want the truth. I want it to be public that what happened happened. ♪ ♪ Whatever happens after, it doesn't matter. ERICA: Yeah, these people need to account for this. These are people's kids. [tense music] NEWS ANCHOR: Bombshell report in The New York Times says the school not only lied about the accomplishments of its students, but also fostered a culture of fear with alleged physical and emotional abuse. [moving car honking] ♪ ♪ MARY: Did you see? [introspective music] MARY: Nyjal Mitchell on the cover of The New York Times. SANAA: That handsome face, it's my brother. ♪ ♪ MARY: He thought you were weak, and he had no idea what was inside. ♪ ♪ And your voice and your strength is what is going to bring him down. ♪ ♪ ‐ I'm proud of him. NYJAL: I didn't do anything. ‐ You did do something. NYJAL: No, I didn't. ‐ You did. You conquered your fear. ‐ He didn't break me. He put me in a really low spot for a long time, but I'm fine. ♪ ♪ ERICA: What do you say to those people who for them this is just going to perpetuate a narrative that black children can't succeed unless they cheat their way, or black children can't succeed unless they're broken? ‐ I think that the thing that this perpetuates more than anything is the continual theme of black children, black parents, black people being taken advantage of by someone who has more knowledge and more money than them. So this isn't about black people not being able to succeed, 'cause if anything, I learned that black people are, you know, capable of accomplishing much greater things than people in this area would believe. ERICA: What would you tell the girl in this video that you see today? ALL: [screaming, cheering] DORAIAN: There's no reason for students to be mentally and physically abused. So what if you're getting into these colleges? It does not matter and it does not make it okay. ERICA: Some TM Landry graduates are struggling in college. Some, overwhelmed, have dropped out. PA: Eighth Street, NYU. ♪ ♪ ERICA: Others are flourishing. ‐ This is my second year actually being class president. I do belong here. Like, I'm thriving here. ERICA: That raises a fundamental question. Why do these children need TM Landry to attract the notice of elite universities in the first place? ‐ I'm, like, back in college, like, and it just feels, like, so good to be back here. ERICA: As far as we can tell, no student who was already enrolled in college was dismissed because of the revelations in our article. You risked a lot. BRYSON: I felt that if I had to sacrifice myself in order to save a bunch of other people, it was, like, a necessary thing. ALL: [screaming, cheering] ERICA: Meanwhile, TM Landry remains open. But fewer students are walking into the school where Mike and Tracey Landry still teach. ♪ ♪ MARY: If and when he ever gets his justice, fine. And if we never see it, that's fine too. Like Nyjal said, he just wants people to know the truth. The truth is all that matters. ♪ ♪ [tranquil electronic music] ♪ ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 