Hellcats: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hellcats 
 s1e9 - Finish What We Started - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hellcats (2010–2011): Season 1, Episode 9 - Finish What We Started - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm going to graduate, pass the bar up north, And work in a d.A.'s office where everybody talks In flat yankee vowels. You're applying for a scholarship? I have one now for cheerleading. Cheerleading? Oh. Hello, marti. Welcome to cheertown. I need 2 prelaw students to help me. A man been sentenced to life in prison for a minor burglary. I took this case to get a law overturned. If there's even the slightest chance that he's innocent-- 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 If you pass the bar one day, You can take up his cause. Why wait till then? My laptop was stolen from my dorm room. Hey, lewis, have you seen my laptop? I think somebody's been in here. Morgan: This is a warning from overton. Marti: Lewis and I are dating. Do you have a thing for dan? Dan and I are just buds. What was your first time like? It was high school. It was totally unexpected. Was it romantic? It was in the back of a buick. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It was in the back of a buick, Middle of nowhere out off, uh... Route 51. Route 51. ♪ 1, 2, 3, 4 ♪ ♪ move to the left ♪ ♪ move to the right ♪ www.addic7ed.com Sync by: Lunardelli The bamboos: ♪ on the line, at my side ♪ ♪ there's a weapon in my hand ♪ ♪ and I'm ready to ride ♪ ♪ they can see what you do ♪ ♪ doesn't matter when I'm ready ♪ ♪ and I'm comin' for you ♪ ♪ you're no good ♪ ♪ it's all right... ♪ Sloppy footwork, marty. Give me 5 burpies. ♪ that you ain't no good ♪ ♪ you ain't no good ♪ From the top. Let's go. ♪ can't you see that you ain't no good? ♪ ♪ that you ain't no good... ♪ Landings like that will cost us at sectionals. 5 more burpies. ♪ that you ain't no good ♪ Again, marti. ♪ ain't no good... ♪ Marti, 5 more burpies. Done. Down. ♪ that you ain't no good... ♪ Hey, uh, there's nothing wrong with marti. What's--what's up? Her head's not in it. She's hurting the routine. All right, hellcats, Take five. ♪ that you ain't no good ♪ You tryin' to kill me? This is hard to say, but it's down to the wire, And I have to be honest with you. Sectionals is only 2 weeks away, And you're holding us back. Well, I'm givin' you all I got. Why are you riding me so hard? It's not personal. It's cheerleading. You know, you've been like this since the party the other night. What happened? Nothing. Did something go wrong with dan? He's been leaving me messages nonstop. You haven't talked to him? No. I mean, my--my laptop's Been missing. I've been busy. Are you following me in the bathroom? I'm gonna keep following you Until you tell me what's upsetting you and how we fix it. This is not the place, marti. Why not? All you hellcats Know each other's business anyways. Really? Because apparently I was not told A key piece of business, That you and dan lost your virginity to each other. How did I not know That the first time my roommate had sex, it was with my boyfriend? Oh, yeah. That's because when I asked you about your first time, You lied to me, just like you lied Every time I asked if you had feelings for dan. Savannah-- oh, save it, marti. You lie a lot, to me, to your mom, to everyone else. And now I understand why. You don't have any friends, Just people you use on your way to your law degree. Don't stop on our account. That's it for today, you guys. Good work. Bye. Wait. So is that true? You and--you and dan have history? In high school. For the record, you never told me either. Vanessa, thanks for comin' by. We need to chat. What are you takin' away from us now? Guess it must seem that way, huh? I call you in every few weeks And blather on about budget cuts, And then, bang, the hellcats lose resources. You know what? I don't blame you one bit for bein' negative about it. Oh. So you're not taking something away. Oh, I am. I just don't blame you for being negative about it. I'm taking your practice facility, And I'm handing it to women's volleyball. Ouch. There. I said it. You're kicking us out of our gym? Their stellar season makes them the priority. It's good for lancer. Yeah, but bad for the hellcats. If we can't train, we can't place at nationals. And you'll lose the rest of your funding And be unable to compete. I know. Yeah. Tcch. This economy, she's a bitch. I'm sorry. Is this because alice Hijacked that magazine article about the football team? Who put this on my desk? I love this magazine. I really do. Because punishing the entire squad For the actions of one cheerleader Is extremely inappropriate. This is really good ink. It is. You know, you could use this for fundraising. That's what I was gonna do if the article Had remained focused on the football team. Do you want this? It's terrific. You could send a copy to your mom. I, uh--I really wanna clear the air. I should have told you the truth right away, And I made a mistake. Lying usually is. Do you wanna know what happened? So dan and I had been friends forever, And then we hit sophomore year, and something changed. I don't know if it was chemical, Or maybe I just lost my mind, But I started obsessing about him. I wrote about him in my diary. I fantasized, made up poems. It was-- It was pathetic. Do I look like I care? I'm trying to be honest with you, savannah. Ok? So after a weezer concert one night, I got what I thought I wanted, But it went weird, And we ended up not speaking for 6 months. Eventually we got past it. You know, it was a thing, but we never really talked about it. So what I-I'm telling you is that there's nothing going on. I-it's old news. I didn't want you to find out and get upset. And if I'm being honest, I didn't want to open that door again. It was a lie, but it was a lie with good intentions. There's no such thing. Savannah, w-where are you going? That room's feeling a little small. Savannah, what's up? I'm going home for a while. She never goes home. What'd you do to her? Is there gonna be a fight? Hey, hey, hey, hey. Savannah, talk to me. Leave me alone. Oh, there's gonna be a fight. I hate when people fight. Everybody just give her some space. Well, I need her to understand. Yeah, you've done enough. Why are you attacking me? You, of all people, should have my back. I just call 'em like I see 'em. Now, sectionals are in 2 weeks. The last thing we need is all this drama. What you're doin' is bad for the squad, for everybody here. Well, what you're doing right now is bad for us. Remember us? How 'bout a little support, hmm? When you deserve my support, you'll get it. Until then... I choose the squad. Huh. I'm actually feeling sorry for you. Believe me, I'm as surprised as you are. Savannah? What are you doin' here? My key still works. Thanks for not changing the locks. Now, don't you joke like that. Is everything ok? I missed you and dad, even charlotte. I also had some laundry. But it's after midnight. If it's a problem, I can go. No. No, of course not. This is your home. If it's ok, I'd like to crash here for a few nights. I'll go to school and practice And then come back at the end of the day. Is that cool? Yes. I think that sounds wonderful. You sure there's nothing wrong? Everything's fantastic. Come here. Come on. That's ok. Shh. Shh shh shh. You're home, and we love you, And it's all gonna be just fine. Ok? You look terrible. Well, thanks. I didn't sleep well. I had roommate trouble. Mmm. Cheerleaders. Can't live with 'em. Can't bury them in shallow, unmarked graves. Unless you have the right lawyer. Ha ha. There's obviously no cheering you up today. Oh, no. What? Look at the sign-in sheet. Julian was here to see travis. We only missed him by a half-hour. Wonder what he wanted. Professor showed up here, like, about an hour ago And asked me all about the investigative reports you had me request. He knows. He knows everything. You think we'll get expelled for this? Ok, calm down. Well, I'm not going to a safety school for you people. This was a risk we had to take. Without those records, we're never gonna get travis out of here. What'd you tell him? I covered for you, but y'all need To be a lot more careful than that. Believe me, we will. Did you learn anything helpful? Maybe. Um... Remember thornton eagan? Pharmacist. Yeah. He's the only prosecution witness Who puts you in his store the night of the robbery. Yeah, that man lied. I never seen him Before he walked into the courtroom. Here's what's weird. Eagan's original statement From the night his pharmacy was robbed went missing. Arresting officer says he lost it. Court had to rely on a follow-up report Submitted days later. And my hack public defender didn't bother to challenge it. I swear to god one day, I'm gonna meet him in a dark alley, and I'm gonna-- Come on. Stay positive. Between the pharmacist changing his story And overton bribing that homeless woman to lie, Travis has clearly been framed. If so, somebody went to a lot of trouble. Yeah, but why would they bother? I play guitar on the streets for tourists. I'm nobody. The cops didn't arrest you Until after they took that second statement. Why did they wait? Maybe someone's trying to protect the guy who really did it. It's a good theory. We need to figure out if eagan changed his story And, if so, why. I say we ask him. You're dreamin' pencil neck is never gonna tell you the truth. Oh, he will if we threaten To make his original statement public. Well, we don't have his original statement. But eagan doesn't know that. Exactly. Oh, I like that, all right. Hello, mrs. Monroe. Hello, dan. We haven't seen you since dinner that time. What can I do for you? I was trying to reach savannah. I was worried something might be wrong. Is she here? I'm sorry, dan. She is, But I don't think she wants to see you. Well, if you can just tell her I was outside-- Actually, I'm quite certain she doesn't want to see you. You should give her some space. Mrs. Monroe, please. If I-- I do hope you don't take this the wrong way, But I would appreciate it if you didn't come back here. Well, I'm not sure how to take that the right way. Heh. That's funny. Nice to see you again, dan. Char? Char, are you out here? You hiding? Absolutely. Me, too. Well, are you gonna sit down or what? I heard the cyclones qualified For sectionals. Congratulations. Thank you. Yeah, we got into the southeast qualifier, But it was expensive, and now we need money for sectionals. Yeah, we had the exact same problem. We held a date auction. Well, we got a sponsor. Really? Yeah. This rich guy owns a paper mill, And he wants the cyclones to perform At this barbecue he's throwing for these big german investors. He wants to give them a taste of memphis. Or a taste of cute girls in short skirts. Maybe, but if we help, he's gonna sponsor us All the way to nationals in spring. You could come watch if you want. I mean, if you're not too busy with the hellcats. I'd be honored. So what aren't you telling me? I told you. I'm just taking a little break. For god sakes, I'm your sister. Fine. I was planning on losing my virginity With dan. No way. You? Don't worry. Nothing happened. It was supposed to be beautiful and special, But it went horribly wrong. I found out he and my roommate marti... What's wrong? You're lucky something stopped you before it was too late. Char? I took a bunch of pregnancy tests, And they all said positive. Char. You wanna tell me who the guy was? That doesn't matter. You didn't use protection? I wasn't planning on needing it. It--it just happened. And you cannot tell mom. It'll be ok, char. We'll get through this. Oh, my god. I hate it when you talk all optimistic. Optimism is important. I'm sure it is for you. I mean, you left. You got away. You could have done what I did. After you left? Not a chance. The--the only way to have a life Was to go behind mom's back, Which got me into trouble. You were gone, and I needed you. I didn't know you felt that way. I'm sorry. It doesn't matter. You have to tell her. You know that, right? Or at least dad. No. You swear you won't say anything. Layne: Girls, you out there? Swear it. Ok, ok. I swear. Girls! I made sandwiches. You hungry? You bet. Absolutely. Come on. Marti: Hi. Mr. Eagan? Uh, it's doctor, actually, Doctor of pharmacological science. So you're a vanity doctor, Like dr. Dre. That's chronic. I'm marti perkins, and this is morgan pepper. We're students researching tennessee's three-strikes law. One of the crimes we were looking into occurred here. Sure. Uh, yes, the homeless guy. I'm glad they got him off the streets. Can you tell us your version of the events that night? My version? Well, I was, uh, in back and closed up, But he got in somehow, jumped the counter, Started taking drugs off the shelves. I came in. He, uh, shoved me, took off. So you were in back when he got in? Yes. Yes, it's all in my statement. The second one. We're actually working off the original one, The one the police took the night the crime occurred. We're very thorough. I, uh-- Honestly, it was so long ago, I don't remember giving 2 statements. Now, I've told you all I know. There's nothing more. I am really busy, so, uh, You'll have to do your, uh, homework somewhere else. Morgan: Heh. It was brilliant. Morgan: Yeah, we certainly wigged him out. Ok, I'll take the first shift. We'll see who shows up, who he goes to see. If he's guilty, he'll reach out. What makes you so sure he's gonna meet somebody in person? Isn't it easier to just text or pick up the phone? Nah. Electronics are traceable. It's always safer to meet face to face. Well, the upside of an all-night stakeout Is that I don't have to face a dorm full of angry cheerleaders. I'll come to spell you around 9:00 tonight, ok? Oh, don't forget to bring your bottle for urination. Or, for you, a bowl? Bucket? Ah, you decide. I'll do that. You ever hear of returning a phone call? After what you pulled at the party, I wasn't exactly in a mood to talk to you. Well, savannah won't talk to me either, so... Yeah. She's gone nuke-u-ler. Nuc-le-ar. Shut up. Hey, did you by any chance tell her how you lost your virginity? Yeah, but not that it was with you. Did you? Yeah, but not that it was with you. Oh. And she put 2 and 2 together. Oof. She as pissed at you as she is with me? Think so, yeah. All the bobbleheads want me dead. I'll make sure you have a nice funeral. Open casket, like you like. Single glycerin tear running down your face. Oh, they'll feel so guilty. No point in dyin' if you can't mess with the living. I want that chiseled on my tombstone. Heh. Well, since we're both persona non grata, You wanna hit up empire, drown our sorrows? I've got an all-nighter. Believe it or not, I'm stakin' out a pharmacy. Need a ride-along? You must have something better to do. I have no life. What time? Wheels up 8:45. Wanda's buick. Scene of the crime. Hey. Too soon for jokes. Never too soon for jokes. We need a place to practice. There's gotta be something else available. What about crompton hall? The old swimming pool's empty. The library stores old reference books there. How 'bout hartwell hall, the old screening room? No. The college log cabin republicans have it booked. Talent show. It's usually a lot of fun. That's everything on campus. I'm sorry I couldn't help you more. My squad is gonna get wiped out. They're gonna lose their scholarships. Look, we'll take anything. Please. Ok, not to be repeated-- Bill marsh has put the word out on campus to everyone. You and your hellcats don't get to practice anywhere. How could he do that? He's football. He can do anything. I don't know what you did, But you picked yourself a powerful enemy. Char. you nearly gave me a heart attack. Ok, this is a dumb question, But you're not actually planning on flying At this mem-kris event, right? Of course I am. I don't have a choice. But what about the baby? It's an embryo at this point, No matter what they tell us at church. See, I don't believe that. But the internet says that it's too early To worry about hurting anything. Yeah, well, the internet also says that we never landed on the moon. What if something goes wrong? Listen, I'll keep your secret. I'll lie to mom, but, please, See a doctor. This performance gets us to nationals. The squad needs me. You understand that better than anyone. I don't have a choice. Well, suppose you did. I can't believe wanda still drives this old thing. Hey, can we run the heater again? I'm freezin'. Nope. It was on long enough. Come on! 5 more minutes. No. This tank of gas has to last all week, dude. Oh, god bless you, wanda. Oh, god. Always thinkin' ahead. Heh heh heh heh. Hee! You're crazy. Mmm. Nice. oh, yeah. You could run the car that. A toast. Dan and marti against the world. Sláinte. Sláinte. Heh heh. That'll do the trick. I think violence in movies gets an unfair rap. Do you? Mmm. I think the way they encourage Stalker behavior in males is way more dangerous. Like dustin hoffman busting up the wedding in "the graduate." John cusack holdin' the boombox in "say anything..." Dude, you ever show up on my front lawn blasting peter gabriel, I will personally kick your ass. I do not doubt it. I'm serious. Hey. Hey. First timers. Eh? Totally buying condoms. Yeah, I bought mine here that night, too. That's not exactly a ringing endorsement. Didn't really go like we expected, did it? Yeah. What does? Well, it wasn't that bad, was it? No. I mean, I ripped off a toenail once. That was way worse. Ok. Wow. I'm kidding. Jeez. You know, you're my best friend. I don't know what I'd do without you. That's right. Full scholarship. You know what? Let's discuss the particulars in person. Ok. I'll see you then. Hey, coach. What's this I hear of you taking carter hall away from the hellcats? I do believe this department has a problem with gossip. You and I know damn well you take away Their practice facility, they lose nationals. Then those kids are gonna lose their scholarships. I'm not gonna let that happen. No offense, red, but it's none of your business. Vanessa and I have history, so I'm making it my business. She means a lot to me. Give 'em their gym back. Do it as a favor to me. A favor, huh? You know, I might be able to help vanessa If you help me with somethin'. I been talkin' to this hot high school qb Right here in memphis, steve switzer, Who wants to play for the great red raymond. Yeah. I been watchin' the switzer boy. I was gonna set up a meeting. Thing is his dad's been for a little cash events You know how a i feel about pay-for-play That man can sell his son To some other school. Lancer's on probation. Ncaa's just waitin' for us to screw up. Money's not the only thing. He wants to be courted by our new coach. Meet them with me tomorrow night. I'll phone vanessa right now, Tell her she can have her cheer gym back. This was for my benefit, wasn't it? You wanted me to play ball, So you went after vanessa. I was hopin' you still carried a torch. 10 years, hasn't aged a day, has she? Oh, come on. Don't look at me like that. I gotta protect the program. I can't do that if my head coach Is runnin' around, makin' up his own rules. pay-for-play is a way of life What do you say? We got a deal? Hey, dan, get your camera. Hell of a time. Hey, hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Zoom in on that. Clear. Clear. Clear. Got it. Got it. Is that overton? Who? The--the guy from the furniture store. We're think he--he stole our laptops. My god, he's meeting with the pharmacist. You got 'em? He's getting away. Where's the keys? Where's the keys? I don't know. You-- I didn't have 'em. What are you talking about? I didn't... He's gone. C'mon, keep looking. It's ok. No. This car is cursed. No, it's not. Nothing good happens here, Not ever. That's not true. 6 months, you didn't talk to me. Do you know how that felt? Any--any idea? I was scared. Yeah. If you'd gotten pregnant, Everything would have changed. Maybe you shouldn't have bought such a cheap condom. I should have stuck by you. I'm sorry I didn't. At the time, A broken condom seemed like the end of the world to me. I panicked. Momentary panic is one thing. I got my period 3 weeks later, And you froze me out for 6 months. I felt guilty. I didn't know how to face you. I was 16 years old. So was I. I was terrified, And I had nobody to go through it with. Nobody. We got past it. M, like I said, I am-- I am sorry. I really am. Does that help? No, not really. I--I didn't realize there was gonna be so many people... With cameras. Are you backing out? No. No. This isn't a competition, So it's not like I'm breaking any rules. This is totally ethical. In fact, it's morally right. You have to help family when they need you. What's your hellcat family gonna say when they find out? They'll understand that this is about being there for my sister. And we're gonna make damn sure they don't find out. Hello, kathy. I still don't like her being here. I threw out my back. I can barely Stand up straight. She's here to help. How do we know she's not here to lose the sponsorship for us So the hellcats can go steal it? Look, you are being paranoid. Doesn't mean I'm not right. We should be kissing my sister's feet for agreeing to step in. Anyway, one day of practice with us isn't nearly enough. Well, it's all we're gonna get. It's savannah or nothing. So let's make the best of this. Let's go, guys. That's how to captain, captain. I learned from the best. ♪ untouched ♪ ♪ and I need you so much ♪ ♪ see you, breathe you ♪ ♪ want to be you ♪ ♪ ah la la la, ah la la la ♪ ♪ you can take, take, t-t-take, take time, time ♪ ♪ to live, live ♪ ♪ the way you gotta, gotta live your life ♪ ♪ gimme, gimme, gimme all of you, you ♪ ♪ don't be scared ♪ ♪ I'll see you through the loneliness ♪ ♪ I want it more, more, more ♪ ♪ don't even think about ♪ ♪ what's right or wrong ♪ ♪ or wrong or right, 'cause in the end ♪ ♪ it's only you and me, and no one else ♪ ♪ is gonna be around ♪ ♪ to answer all the questions left behind ♪ ♪ and you and I are meant to be ♪ ♪ so even if the world falls down today ♪ ♪ you've still got me to hold you up, up ♪ ♪ and I will never let you down, down, down ♪ ♪ I feel so untouched ♪ ♪ and I want you so much ♪ ♪ that I just can't resist you ♪ ♪ it's not enough to say that I miss you ♪ ♪ I feel so untouched right now ♪ ♪ need you so much somehow ♪ ♪ I can't forget you ♪ ♪ I've gone crazy from the moment I met you ♪ ♪ I feel so untouched ♪ ♪ and I want you so much ♪ ♪ that I just can't resist you ♪ ♪ it's not enough to say that I miss you ♪ ♪ I feel so untouched right now... ♪ Go, cyclones! ♪ I can't forget you ♪ ♪ I've gone crazy from the moment I met you ♪ ♪ untouched ♪ The mighty, mighty mem-kris cheerleaders. I just want to tell you that we are so pleased And proud that nekritz paper is the new sponsor Of their quest for a national title. Let's hear it for them. Thank you, savannah. You're welcome. Yeah. Thanks. Now watch us kick your hellcat asses at sectionals. ♪ it's such a shame ♪ ♪ playing this game... ♪ Marti: This is great. Dan: Marti-- You--you got them both perfectly. We need to talk. About what? About what happened. Nothing happened. Marti, come on. I'm serious. Nothing happened. You're dating my roommate, Who is also the person who voted me into the hellcats And got me a scholarship. I'm not gonna let a stupid mistake hurt her. It didn't feel like a mistake to me. I need you as my best friend. Do not take away my friend, ok? Nothing happened. Lewis: Hey. I been lookin' all over for you. Um, hey, do you mind if--if marti and I just-- Yeah. No problem. We were just talking about nothing. See you guys later. Yeah. See ya. Look, I, um-- I just wanted to apologize. You do? Heh. I should have had your back. You caught me off-guard. I got mad. The squad is the squad, But, baby, you are more important than that. And I'm sorry. Don't worry about it. But I do. I--I also worry about you and savannah. You--you guys need to talk things out. Dan, too. Yeah, I know. I'll deal with it. Promise. I'm just beat. Want to get something to eat and go home. They got 2-for-1 appetizers. My mom works here. I eat free. Well, in that case, I'm buyin'. Savannah. Hi, mom. I just wanted to thank you for helping your sister. She was so heartbroken over that back spasm. I'm sure she'll heal up soon. You know, you do not have to go back there. We can get you into classes at mem-kris, And I know the squad would take you back in a heartbeat. Heh. Mom, please. All right, but it's always an option. I have to finish what I started at lancer. I don't agree, But I do respect your determination. Char, on the other hand-- can I ask you something in confidence? Sure. She has been so depressed and angry lately, And she won't talk to me. Has she said anything at all to you? She's upset because she hurt her back. She blames herself that the injury kept her from cheering. You know how important that is to both of us. Otherwise, she's fine. Well, I've been worried, So thank you. And I am so glad to have you back with us. Ohh. All right. Hey. Hi. Listen, I been thinking. I don't wanna be mad at you. Why the hell not? I lied. So did I. It's a long story, But I lied to my mom, And it was to protect charlotte. Wait. Is something wrong with charlotte? She's fine. The point is... I understand how maybe, in that twisted brain of yours, You thought you were being a good friend by not telling me the truth. Twisted, huh? Oh, yeah. Heh. I mean, you and dan hooked up 5 years ago. It's ancient history. Who cares, right? Our friendship now is what's important. Thanks, but I--I really don't deserve this. What's it your mother calls you, Marti the martyr? Yes. Ok. I--I get it. Lewis: Knock knock, ladies. Mm. Look who I found wandering On the wrong side of the tracks here. He showed up at my house and kidnapped me. Nah, no. Not true at all. Kidnappers leave ransom notes. Well, I'm here now. Let there be peace-- mmm--in the valley. Heh. Savannah, I'm sorry. I had no business going into that hotel room with you Without full disclosure. You had every right to run out, And you have every right to never talk to me again. Ok, just shut up. Listen, I buried the hatchet with marti, So how can I not forgive you? Yeah. That's what I like to see. Uh-huh. Oh, come on. Group hug. Big hug! Heh heh heh. ♪ there's a whole lot of things that I will forgive ♪ ♪ but I just can't take a liar ♪ ♪ I was by your side to the very end ♪ ♪ till you pushed me in the fire ♪ ♪ it's you and me against the world ♪ ♪ that's what you said, that's what you said ♪ ♪ if you can't be honest with me ♪ ♪ then I'm afraid this is the end ♪ ♪ hurry up, hurry up ♪ ♪ if you ever really cared about me ♪ ♪ tell the truth, give it up ♪ ♪ you sound guilty ♪ ♪ 'cause you're stutterin' ♪ ♪ oh oh oh oh oh ♪ ♪ ay ay ay ay ay ♪ ♪ oh oh oh oh oh ♪ ♪ yeah, you're stutterin' ♪ ♪ oh oh oh oh oh ♪ ♪ ay ay ay ay ay ♪ ♪ oh oh oh oh oh ♪ ♪ yeah, you're stutterin' ♪ ♪ the seconds turn into... ♪ Don't you look happy. You win the lottery? Well, I do feel lucky. Bill marsh just told me that I get carter hall and my cheer gym back. It's great news. Why do I think that you had somethin' to do with this? Maybe bill just realized That football needs cheerleading. The lions need the hellcats. Are you sure I don't have a guardian angel Somewhere in the athletic department? You know me. If I'd have helped you out, I'd have been shoutin' it from the rooftop. Heh heh. You're right about that. Nice suit. Thanks. I got an appointment. ♪ tell the truth, give it up ♪ ♪ you sound guilty ♪ ♪ 'cause you're stutterin' ♪ ♪ oh oh oh oh oh ♪ ♪ ay ay ay ay ay ♪ ♪ oh oh oh oh oh... ♪ It's a very exciting time to be at lancer. I gotta tell you. And I wanna promise you On behalf of this department, As long as steve is leading the way for lancer, We're gonna have his back. And yours. Go, lions. Hell, yeah. Go, lions. All right. Ha ha ha! Who wants a drink? ♪ if you ever really cared about me ♪ ♪ tell the truth, give it up ♪ ♪ you sound guilty ♪ ♪ 'cause you're stutterin'... ♪ You guys out for a big night? Don't y'all wait up now. Don't worry. We won't. ♪ yeah, you're stutterin' ♪ ♪ oh oh oh oh oh ♪ ♪ ay ay ay ay ay ♪ ♪ oh oh oh oh oh ♪ www.addic7ed.com Sync by: Lunardelli 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 