Hellcats: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hellcats 
 s1e4 - Nobody Loves Me But My Mother - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hellcats (2010–2011): Season 1, Episode 4 - Nobody Loves Me But My Mother - full transcript 
 Lewis asks Marti out but she turns him down. Alice tells Lewis she will stop taking drugs if he helps her get back in shape as a flier, but then after a sweaty workout the two end up having sex. Meanwhile, Savannah takes Dan to her parents' house for dinner and a fight erupts after Savannah's mom demands that she stop seeing Dan. Wanda convinces Marti to give Lewis a chance so she tells him she's ready to date but he has second thoughts. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Hellcats... The university is pulling our funding for regionals. So we can't move to the next level? Well, we qualified, so we're free to go, Providing that we can figure out how to pay for Our away uniforms, entrance fees, travel. My stomach's been in knots all day. I thought you were all excited About the big secular date. What happened? Everything you said About what a player dan is. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Ohh. This is because of me. Ow. Ow. Ow. I'm coming down. Dr. Derrick is not going to clear you with a bum wrist. My wrist is-- is fine. Ow. I need your help. Mm-hmm. I have to pass medical. You told her I was a player? I'm sorry. It was a dumb thing to say. Yeah. Now, I'm on a date with half the squad. What do you think you're doing? What'd he slip you? Lewis, let go. Lewis, let go of my purse. Lay off her, man. Is anybody talking to you? I can get you oxy and vikes for the pain, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 But you're going to want hgh as well. Cut the healing time in half, And you can practice in the meantime. Hellcats - S01E04 Nobody Loves Me But My Mother -- Sync by Rafael UPD -- www.addic7ed.com/ * everybody get down, get down * * everybody get down, if you feel me * * everybody get down, get down * * everybody get down, if you feel me * * everybody get down, get down * * everybody get down, if you feel me * * everybody get down, get down * * everybody get down, if you feel me * * everybody get down, get down * * it goes one by one, and then two by two * * everybody hit the floor, let me show you how we do * * let's go, dip it low, then you bring it up slow * * wind up one time, wind it back once more * * come run, run, run, run, everybody move, run * * see you movin' till the groove done * * shake it till the moon becomes the sun, sun * * everybody in the club give me a run, run * * if you ready to move, say move, yeah * * one time for your mind, say it, yeah, yeah * * well, I'm ready for you * * let me show you * * you want to groove * * let me show you how to move... * Campus security. What are you doing? Good morning, sir. Happy Sunday. I'm sorry. Is there a policy? Cheerleaders come from other schools, steal routines. I wish I could do what those girls do. They're so beautiful and blessed, don't you think? Yeah, they're nice. I was hoping to get some footage of the cyclones To show at my potluck next Sunday. All the girls in my church are huge fans. You see donny, the one there at the end? he's so cute. I would totally abstain from having sex with him. If you could make a teeny, tiny exception, It would really mean a lot to my church group. Go on. Get out of here. Thank you, sir. God bless. Man, their elevators are flawless. Look at my sister go. I guess her head's feeling better. They're really fantastic. I can't go half that high. It's not you. Those guys are monsters. I wish our bases had that. * everybody get down, get down * We have a bid video to make, And it has to be perfect If we want to get to nationals. * then you bring it up slow-- * You don't achieve perfection By worrying about what the competition is doing. You get there with sweat. Move! Come on, guys. Let's go. All right. Let's go. Whoo! * back off * * back down * * you're not the only one on this playground * * you back off * * and back down * I'm only cryin' just to watch you drown * * in the end, you're either friend or foe * * so draw a line if that's the way you want to go * * 'cause I'll fight till I can fight no more * * no more * * in your sandbox world * Hey, we're all going to brunch at the pub. You in? I'm actually having brunch with dan. It's a date. They grow up so fast. Yeah. It's all those hormones they put in the fast food. Do not eat that stuff. Hey, important safety tip. Right. Hey, uh, good moves out there just now. Really. Oh, well, I think I'm actually improving. Shoot. From where I'm standing, couldn't get much better. Oh. Well, thanks. Hey, so, How about after brunch, we go check out jazzfest? I already bought tickets. Like--like a date? More actually a date. Oh. Oh. Um-- What about you and alice? there is no me and alice. Which is why you got in a fistfight the other night Defending her honor? Yeah. Yeah. Ok, so I care about her, I protect her, But we are so done being a couple. Really. You know, I'd love to, But I'm kind of slammed with school, And the bid video and the law project, so-- Right. No, hey, no worries. I'll just give the ticket to darwin. Hey, we're cool, right? shoot. Dang, we're more than cool. You're my flier. Come on now. Right. Exactly. Cool. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Everybody got what they need? Yes. Mm-hmm. Good, because I have got some big news. Oh, god. Don't let her be pregnant. Oh, stop it. You, my friends, are looking at the new bar manager. All right. When did this happen? Well, it hasn't officially happened yet. But the old manager selma got fired for stealing, Which is exciting, because victor here Is going to hire one of us barbacks to replace her. Now, he has asked each of us to come up with an event this week. And whoever brings in the most cash gets the promotion. Mm. So like a contest? That's fun. I know! It will finally give me a chance To get out from behind the bar and do something meaningful. You know, I always wanted to be an event planner. And this could be a real stepping stone. What's your idea for an event? Open mike night. I have been telling victor that he needs live entertainment here. Sports, sports, sports 24-7 gets dull. They never do open mike night Probably because there's no stage. Where you going to put the singers? We'll stick 'em somewhere. Hey, you should do something. You should play some sting. Oh. Oh. My daughter's very gifted. Well, where are you going to put the piano? I mean, the drum kit? Speakers? What-- Do you have a sound system? How about promotion? Details. As planner of the event, aren't the details kind of your department? Why do you have to be so mean to me in front of our friends? Oh, our friends? I was really excited about this. do you want me to help you? Would you? Ok. Look, it's not brain surgery, ok? We can make this happen. Um, lewis, can you throw together some plans For a small stage over there with room for cabling underneath? Yeah. No problem. You can do that? He's majoring in architecture. Oh, and dan can score us some lumber from down at the docks. He can get us hardware and whatever tools we need. I'll just make a list. Oh, thank you, honey. You too, lewis. Ok, correct me if I'm wrong, But I thought you were trying to be less involved In your mom's life. Well, 2 years ago, my mom left a good office job To come work at the rat so I could get a free ride to lancer. If she's got a shot at a promotion, I got to help her. Yeah, right. What? You're so transparent. A promotion means wanda takes on more responsibility, Which means longer hours, Which means less time for her to spend bugging you. That's not why I'm doing this. Liar. I'm not! Still fibbing. Ok. Maybe crossed my mind. Half-truth. Will you knock it off! "waterloo bridge." Did your parents ever let you see any movies after 1950? I lived for pre-hays code dvds. And you're stalling, mr. Movie know-it-all. Director or star, "waterloo bridge." Uh...Carol lombard. Mae clark. That's 4. I win. How do I know you're not just making that up? I would never lie to you. Uh-huh. Besides, people tell me I'm a terrible liar, Which isn't such a bad thing. Tell me a lie. I don't like you. And as far as you're concerned, I'm not a fan. ooh. The truth hurts. Savannah? Dad. What are you doing here? Well, we have just come from church. You probably don't remember, But it's right up the block. Who's your friend? Oh, um, this is my boyfriend dan. This is my mom layne, my dad parker, And I think you remember charlotte. Yeah. Dan patch. It's great to meet you all. Hope that head's feeling better, charlotte. I'm finally back cheering with the cyclones. Mm-hmm. Against my better judgment. I've been praying for you. It's good to see you, daddy. It's good to see you, too, honey. Why don't you and dan come around for dinner sometime this week? Really? Parker, I'm sure that savannah and her boyfriend Have better things to do. No, we don't. I mean...Do we? Uh, nothing that beats fine food and good company. So it's settled. Thanks, dad. And mom. I miss you all so much. I haven't sat down for dinner with my family in more than a year, Since I left mem-kris. Maybe my mom is finally ready to let me back in. This is so good. I'm really happy for you, savannah. Family's important. Thanks. And thank you for being so polite. Hey, it's my pleasure. You know, I couldn't help but notice You introduced me as your boyfriend. Oh. Is that a problem? Ah, I just didn't expect to hear you call me that. It kind of threw me. It just sort of slipped out. Nah, I totally get it. I like you, savannah. I mean, I really do. And I wouldn't want to hurt you. But we need to make sure we're on the same page. I'm not exclusive with anybody. You're seeing other women? I haven't since we met, But I reserve the right to. And you should feel free to do the same. I keep my promises, So I'm careful to only make ones I can keep. You ok with that? Um, sure. Yeah. You'd tell me if you weren't? Every day, I get thrown high into the air And slammed headfirst onto a 2-inch mat With a smile on my face. It's takes a lot more than some scrawny irish guy to hurt me. You sure? Yeah. We're having fun. You know, why mess it up with all kinds of dumb labels? Ok. Cool. Scrawny? Really? the truth hurts. Ohh. Allergies are killing me. Yeah. It's that time of year. Mm. Mm-hmm. Stay out of my purse. Come on, you big freakin' goon! Allergies? Allergies, alice? It's none of your business. What are you doing, really? Nothing yet, ok? My wrist is healed, but it's weak. If I hit it wrong, it hurts. I always hit it wrong with darwin. I don't trust him like I trust you. I'm tentative, and you know How dangerous that can be for a flier. I know it was stupid, But I have to get my spot back. You know my dad. I can't play football like my brothers, So this is all that I can do. This stuff is going to screw you up. Please. Work with me. Help me fly, And I will flush the drugs right now. This is what gets you a free ride to nationals? Is there even a person behind the camera? You don't have to go to my parents' house with me. Why don't you want me to go? I may not even go myself. I thought you were excited to get back in with your folks. I am, more than anything. I just--I'm just not sure they want me back. I think they want the old savannah. Well, how is the old savannah different From this year's model? I go to a secular school, I live away from home, I live in a co-ed situation, I kiss boys in public. Oh. So I'm one of the issues? And sometimes, you're the entire subscription. How long you been keeping that one in your back pocket? Eons. So, what'd you do wrong, and how do we punish you? Savannah's hesitant to parade a heathen In front of her very proper parents at dinner. I just don't want them to tell me how to live my life, But I don't want to give them anything else to disapprove of, either. They won't understand about you and me. The idea of a casual relationship Would make my mom's head explode. So we don't tell them. It'll be fine. Parents dig me. He does clean up well. That's good to know. Here's the thing with families. Having a guest in the room forces The hostility where it belongs-- Seething just below the surface. So we get through this, You're going to be back on speaking terms with your folks, guaranteed. Ok. I'll call to confirm. Ok. Thanks. This means a lot. Hey, why'd she call your relationship casual? That girl wouldn't know casual if it walked up to her And said, "hey, yeah, whatever." We had the non-exclusivity talk. You didn't. It went pretty well, considering. It's the same understanding I have With rosalie... And sasha and britt, And the assembled slut legions of beale street. Dude, I have to live with these cheerleaders. I swear, dan patch, If you crush my roomie's heart-- I'm taking a little off the bottom. * whoo! * You know, I kind of pictured it More in the center of that wall. Yeah, well, there's not enough lumber, mom, And you'd just have dead space on either side of it. Oh. You sure this isn't costing me anything? Positive, victor. Ok. Thrift. That's a good quality for a manager. Hey, lewis, thanks, man. I owe you big time. Oh, no problem. Mmm. I don't think promoting this online is going to work. Well, you hijacked all the cheerleaders as facebook friends. The lady doth protest too much. All right, don't flaunt your education. It is unseemly. This bar runs on foot traffic. We need those little posters. Oh, well, this is the viral version of posters. A much wider audience. All right. All right. All right. We will do it your way as usual. Someone is checking us out, And by us, I mean you. Do not encourage him. Why the hell not? He asked me out, and I blew him off. Oh! With that body? If you're not interested, I will take a swing at that. Not if you want a stage, you won't. All right. You know what, honey? You need to open up. I mean, we all have dry spells, But you haven't dated since aaron, and that was 2 years ago, Which makes you, and I say this with love, Pathetic. Wow. Um, thanks, mom. Yeah. You really bucked me up there. Look, lewis and I are teammates, And I just-- I don't want to complicate things. Ok. That's one of the 6 lies that we tell ourselves. They talk about it all the time at the learning annex. All right. You haven't been with anyone since aaron, Which means that you have inherited my trust issues. My love life is not about you. Shh. I mean, you might as well hang a sign around your neck That says "I am sexually frustrated." I mean, marti... Are you a lesbian? Come out to momma. Ok, fine. You know what? I'll just-- I'll go out with him. Just stop talking. Please. Wow. Oh, my gosh. Fefe dobson: * there's a whole lot of things that I will forgive * * but I just can't take a liar * * I was by your side till the very end * * till you pushed me in the fire * * I tried to believe you * * but something is wrong * * you won't look in my eyes * * tell me what's going on * Oh, my god. Whoo. That felt fantastic. Are you sure it wasn't too much on your wrist? You were never too much for me, lewis. Ok. Uh-uh. See... This is just what I was talking about When I agreed to help you get more comfortable With some of the moves for the new bid video. No fooling around, all right? Just practice. Ok, boss. Yeah. Hey, let's try that new pinwheel sequence from the mem-kris video. Mmm. They do grow them fearless at your house. Daddy disowned all the cowards. So I see. all right. * you can tell me this, you can tell me that * * but don't say you don't remember * * 'cause I know you better * Whoa, whoa-- oh! Ho ho! Ahh. Gosh. * I'm crazy, I know very well... * Whoa. Wait. Hey. Hey, alice. We can't do this. We cannot. Why not? Because I do not want to get back together again. It's-- Just too much drama. I know, ok? I hate it, too. But that doesn't mean that we can't... Enjoy each other's company now and then. * you're so guilty * * 'cause you're stutterin' * * oh, oh-oh * mmm. No strings. * yeah, you're stutterin' * Alice... Alice. What-- I promise. * oh, oh-oh, oh, eh, eh, eh * * oh-oh-oh, oh, oh, yeah, you're stutterin' * * oh, oh-oh, oh, oh, eh, eh, eh, eh * * oh-oh-oh, oh, oh, yeah, you're stutterin' * Guess you worked up an appetite, huh? Hmm? You know, helping down at the pub. Oh. Yeah, no. Absolutely. How's it going down there? Uh, good. Yeah. Uh-- I'm actually heading back in a sec for a last-minute check. Um, listen, I've been thinking about your offer To go out sometime... And I'd--I'd like to. You--go out with me? I was in this big relationship a couple of years back. It didn't end well. I ended up with some trust issues. Anyways, if I can depend on you To toss me around and catch me on the first bounce, I think we should be able to listen to some music together. Brokedown cadillac is playing hi-tone tomorrow. You interested? Oh. Yeah. Absolutely. Great. We can--we can go out for my mom's thing at the pub. Great. Ok. Great. Great. Great. It's quite the spread, layne. Oh. Thank you. It's really good, mom. You must have spent the entire day in the kitchen. Oh, I did. This looks delicious, mrs. Monroe. Layne is an excellent cook. You know, my mama used to say You cannot serve ham without sweet potatoes. It's like laughter without mirth. You say that, too. Well, it's the truth. You know, I think my mama said that. I swear, you southern ladies, You got to start getting some new lines. We are all adorable. Do you spend much time at home, dan? I do. Yeah. My mom passed away 2 years ago November, So I moved back in with my dad to help out. Really? Things have been tight. It kind of made more sense to pay rent to family than a stranger. Hmm. What church do you go to, dan? Or do you just brunch on sundays? Don't pick, charlotte. Thank you. It's just a question. Do you have a church, dan? I am partial to the sunrise gospel mass At new bethel on henry street, But I haven't really settled on any one church. Guess I'm paul on the road to damascus, Just trusting the good lord's going to lead me where I need to go. Well, maybe he'll lead you to all saints with savannah one of these sundays. Well, I wouldn't be surprised. That is a great idea. Could I have some more of these amazing potatoes, mrs. Monroe? Oh, absolutely. They remind me of my mother's Ahh. He talks pretty. That he does. How's the tweeting going? Oh, decided not to bother. Too complicated. So how is anyone supposed to know this event is happening? I made up these little posters. Took me all day. I swear, you need an owner's manual To figure out how to use that inkjet printer. Which is why they give you an owner's manual. Mom, we agreed to this. Well, I changed my mind, And I don't appreciate being ordered around By my bossy boots daughter. You know what, if I weren't bossy, None of this would have happened. Not that it matters anyway, Since nobody's going to know about the event. See, now, why are you always so negative? Why are you always so helpless? I am not helpless. I just don't care about the details like you do. Which is why I let you do things your own way. You let me? Oh, wow, mom, that is so generous That you let me do your work for you With the freedom to do it however I want. No, and I thought that carrying me around for 9 months in utero Was a sacrifice. I am truly humbled. Sarcasm leads to crows feet. Well, I am sick of cleaning up your messes. I really am. Well, then you shouldn't have volunteered. Which, by the way, is what you did, And I have witnesses. Well, you know what, Now I'm unvolunteering, so good luck. Try not to screw it up. I don't need your luck! Oh. It is so good to have you home. It's good to be here. I've been doing a lot of thinking About the importance of family ever since charlotte's fall. I have been rigid and very unforgiving of you, savannah, And I am sorry. It's ok, mom. I know how bad you wanted me to stay and mem-kris. But as you can see, I'm doing just fine at lancer. Well, you are changing, though. Well, in a good way, I hope. Please. I mean, that boy out there. You don't like dan? But you seemed to really warm up to him. That boy is charming and as slick as an eel, But he's not serious, and certainly not about you. I think he thinks it's a big game or something. What makes you say that? A mother knows. Has he made you any promises? We've only been going out a few weeks. I wouldn't expect him to. Oh, but he would expect you To show that very public display of your feelings for him at that cafe. I don't think that is something you would have done if you were still here And going to memphis christian. This conversation officially sucks. Don't you use that word in this house! Savannah! Dan, we're leaving. Savannah! Wait! I do not want to fight anymore. Now we all need to make whatever compromises And sacrifices it takes to stand together as a family. "we", mom? Or me? You keep a civil tongue in your head. When you are in this house, you will abide by our rules, And that includes showing respect for the woman who brought you into this world. So I forgot how fun these family dinners could be. Layne, we talked about how this was-- Back off, parker, I am handling this. I am handling this. Now, your father and I have discussed this matter, And here is our bottom line-- We agree you can stay enrolled at lancer And you can stay on the squad there. And dan? He is not for you, savannah. We want you to move home, Spend time with boys who are like us. Mona fellow's son noah, he would give his good right arm To go out on a date with you. And if dating a one-armed zealot isn't acceptable to me? Well, then, I guess you have a choice to make. Let's go, dan. Savannah, if you go through that door, There is no coming back. That... Doesn't change the fact that I love you all. Thank you for dinner. you ok? I'm not sure yet. I think. Yes, no, I stood up to her. It feels good. You know, she'll probably change her mind. Are you ok? Me? Yeah, yeah, I'm fine. I mean, I've had more relaxing evenings. The potatoes were a little undercooked. I've never had anyone disown their family over me. Is that weird? Yes. Very. Well, don't make too much of it. It really wasn't about you. It was about me. Getting clear on who I am. Or who I want to be. I mean, we're casual, right? Right. You want to come in? It's late. I should probably go. Ok. Good night. Good night. Crap, crap, crap. Marti? What's up? Ahh. Our wifi's down again. Oh. You just need to reboot the connection to the router. Oh. Here. What are you trying to do? Get the word out on my mom's open mike night. I thought you weren't helping mom anymore. I did say that, yes. Thank you for pointing out my hypocrisy. So basically you're lewis' flier, and your mom's base. I'm just trying to help her succeed. Spoken like a true base. All right, you can stop calling me base any time now. there. Just let it log back in. Thanks. Mm-hmm. Listen... I know I get pissed, But my mom does need me. I can't just let go. Well, if a base can't let go, A flier never learns to fly. And what if you let go and your flier falls on her ass? Well, then you help her back up and let her go again. Only way she learns. Good night. Hey, uh, we need to talk. Really? Because I can think of something more fun to do. Yeah, no, that's what we need to talk about. All right? I need to make sure we're on the same page here. Now what happened between us yesterday was just a one-time thing. Well, until next time. That's how it works with us, lewis. No, not anymore, ok? No, I'm done with "us". And I'm done helping you train for the bid video, too. You and darwin will just have to Figure that out, all right? I'm moving on, alice. You've moving on to marti? Yeah, see, no, that has nothing to do with you and me. It has everything to do with you and me. Ok, whatever. Don't walk away from me! Will you stop it? God. I love you, lewis. That's why I started taking all that crap that jake gave me. So you wouldn't replace me as your flier. So we could be together again. Now you said you hadn't started taking anything yet. of course I had. God, you're so gullible. I still am. Ok, but I'll stop, I promise, if you just keep helping me, I-- I can't do this anymore. I said don't walk away! Are you crazy? My office. Now. Now you. Whatever lewis said, it's not true. He was remarkably tight-lipped, Considering you just chucked a bottle at his head. And I noticed that you threw with your bad hand. Must not be feeling any pain, huh? Lewis didn't give you up, but he's a lousy liar. I've been down this road before. I know how desperate side-lined athletes can get. I'm not touching that, that's disgusting. You're so talented, alice. But you're putting the entire team at risk. You're doing this because you're afraid of losing lewis. Am I right? Everything would be fine if I was just back flying with him. When I was your age, I obsessed over a guy. He was older and strong and powerful. Married. And I told myself that it was ok to chase him, But it wasn't. A lot of people got hurt. I lied to myself. Just like you're doing right now. And trust me-- Move on. I don't want know what you're taking, But it stops now. And I want you to take it easy for 2 weeks. What about the bid video? You can dance, but no flying. And if I don't agree? Then you can take a drug test. There's ways to fool drug tests. But you can't fool me. There is not a lie that you can think of That I haven't already told. This new phone is so awesome. It has a front-facing camera So I can be checking out how I look And people just think I'm using my phone. You've been really distant lately. What's up, moody man? Where are you going? Do you want to hit up empire? Sorry, rosalie. I need a rain check. I've been calling you. Yeah, I turned my cell off. Just had some thinking to do. Come here. I was freaking out. I kept thinking you were mad, And then I kept thinking you were with some other girl. Then I considered asking marti the names of the other girls you dated So I could hunt them down and kill them. Uh-huh. And then it occurred to me I was thinking crazy and insecure. And it was my own fault. Dan, I lied to you. About what? About me being ok with being non-exclusive. I see. I like you so much, dan. But if I won't change who I am to make my mom happy, I won't do it for you, either. I'm sorry, but it's all or nothing. Sold. What? We'll be exclusive. You better not be joking. I mean... I'm not even your type. And I'm not yours. So, hey. We got that in common, right? That makes no sense. Look, I've been thinking about this all day, ok? You gave up a lot walking out on your parents. And I've never been a part of something like that. I'm sorry you got caught in the middle of it. I was afraid I might have scared you off. Look, savannah, I can't promise I'm going to be successful with monogamy Because... I've never seen it As a viable lifestyle choice. But I've been blessed with beginner's luck On more than one occasion, So I remain cautiously optimistic. I do like optimism. Me, too. * don't have time for another game * * I don't want-- * Loving it! * I just want a chance * * one more chance * Hi, baby! Mom! This is amazing. What did you do to get all these people here on a Wednesday night? Well, there was a big fraternity party raging at the kt house. They even got hey Monday and everything. So I hung my little posters across the street Saying "first drink for free", And then I called the cops to bust up the party. Ha ha! And then, The greeks saw my little posters So they had no choice but to come here. That is genius. Hey, this is great! Congratulations, manager. Whoo! Whoo, mom! Well? Ok, fine. I will admit it. You didn't need me. Oh, the sweetest 4 words in the english language. But you did the stage, the sound system, The planning. I could not have done this without you. Thanks, baby. You're welcome. Hey, you know what, while we're being honest, Helping you makes me feel really good. It did? Yeah, there's this trust dynamic Between bases and fliers-- Whoa, don't get psychological on me. I am half in the bag. Now let me buy you a scotch Because you don't go on until the end. Sounds good. I like the way we do things. * to rock my night away * * I want * I didn't bring any pills. You keep going through them this fast, You're going to get yourself into trouble. No kidding. Today I got so wound up I smashed a window. I don't think the drug thing is for me. I flushed what was left. You flushed it? Do you have any idea how hard it is to get that stuff? Maybe I can make it up to you. I'm looking for a rebound guy. What about lewis? Flushed him, too. Do you want to get out of here? Sounds like a plan. * ohh * Hey, you. Hey. Hey, I promised my mom I'd play one song, And then I'm good to go. We're still on for hi-tone, right? Actually, I'm a little tired. Oh. Want to just grab a coffee instead? Probably, it's just best if we just.. Look, I'm just gonna head on back to cheertown, ok? Sorry. Ok, no, look. I'm sorry. I just made you Feel like crap, and that ain't right. I'm a big girl. If you're not into it, you don't owe me anything. No, I do, ok? You know, when I first asked you out, I was a free agent. Well, I thought I was. And then stuff with alice got complicated. By complicated, you mean... Yeah. Oh, lewis. I keep thinking I'm done with her, And I keep being wrong. I don't know if I'm lying to myself, But...I can't move on to something new before I figure out What the hell I'm doing here, marti. So it's not me, it's you. Yeah. Something like that. You didn't have to tell me the truth, you know. We could have just gone through with it, And I never would have known what went down with you and alice. Yeah, but that didn't feel right either, so. It's good to know I can trust you. Hello, everyone. You know, I just want to thank you all again For coming out tonight. And I have saved the best for last. I want you to welcome My beautiful and talented daughter Marti perkins. Whoo! Come up here, baby! * how many of you people out there * * are having some kind of love affair * * how many times do you swear that you'll never love again? * * how many long, sleepless nights, * how many lies, how many fights * * and why would you want to put yourself through all that again? * * how can it be that what you need the most * * can leave you feeling just like a ghost? * * you never want to feel so sad and lost again * * one day, you could be looking * * through an old book in rainy weather * * you see a picture of her smiling at you * * when you were still together * * or you could be walking down the street * * and who should you chance to meet * * but that same old smile you've been thinking of all day? * * turn the clock to zero, honey * * I'll sell the stock, we'll spend all the money * * we're starting up a brand new day * * turn the clock all the way back * * I wonder if she'll take me back * * I'm thinking in a brand new way * * turn the clock to zero, boss * * the river's wide, we'll swim across * * we're starting up a brand new day * * it could happen to you * * just like it happened to me * * there's simply no immunity, there's no guarantee * * I say love's such a force * * if you find yourself in it * * you need some time for reflection * * you say, baby, wait a minute, wait a minute * * wait a minute, wait a minute * * wait a minute, wait a minute * * turn the clock to zero, honey * * I'll sell the stock, we'll spend all the money * * we're starting up a brand new day * * turn the clock to zero, buddy * * don't want to be no fuddy duddy * * we're starting up a brand new day * * I'm the rhythm in your tune * * I'm the sun and you're the moon * * I'm the bat and you're the cave * * you're the beach and I'm the wave * * I'm the plow and you're the land * * you're the glove and I'm the hand * * I'm the train and you're the station * * I'm a flagpole to your nation, stand up * * all you lovers in the world * * stand up * * stand up and be counted every boy and every girl * * stand up, all you lovers in the world * * yeah * * we're starting up a brand new day * * you're the crop to my rotation * * you're the sum of my equation * * I'm the answer to your question * * if you follow my suggestion * * we can turn this ship around * * we'll go up instead of down * * you're the pan and I'm the handle * * you're the flame and I'm the candle * * stand up * * all you lovers in the world * * yeah * * starting up a brand new day * * turn the clock to zero, honey * * I'll sell the stock, we'll spend all the money * * we're starting up a brand new day * -- Sync by Rafael UPD -- www.addic7ed.com/ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 