Hellcats: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hellcats 
 s1e2 - I Say a Little Prayer - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hellcats (2010–2011): Season 1, Episode 2 - I Say a Little Prayer - full transcript 
 Marti is horrified when she discovers Wanda in the audience at qualifiers and banishes her from the stadium. After Charlotte, Savannah's sister and captain of the Hellcats' rival team from Memphis Christian college, falls and suffers a serious injury, Savannah is torn between going with her sister to the hospital and staying to compete. Savannah tells Marti her parents stopped talking to her when she decided to transfer from Memphis Christian to the secular Lancer University, forcing Marti to re-think her stance on Wanda attending qualifiers. Meanwhile, Lewis blasts Alice for putting all their scholarships at risk, and Dan takes an interest in Savannah. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Hellcats... You sure school is worth all this? Dan, I'm going to graduate, pass the bar up north, And work in the d. A.'s office where everybody Talks in flat yankee vowels. Mom, what is this? It says my scholarship was cancelled. Tighten up! [all yell] 6 weeks? I'll miss qualifiers. You're applying for a scholarship? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I have one now... For cheerleading. Cheerleading? [music playing] Oh. Hello, Marti. Welcome to cheer town. I voted against you. Democracy's a bitch. Apparently, so are you. Vanessa, I'm sure you remember the famous coach red raymond. So we're clear, I have a boyfriend. Things change. The hellcats are short on flyers at a crucial moment. Come Sunday, you'll get bounced. I was a gymnast up until high school. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 My mom was screaming and hooting and hollering. I'd feel her soul... sucking presence, Get wigged out and fail the routine. You must be really excited about seeing Marti at qualifiers. It would be fun to surprise her. Your boyfriend's welcome, of course. What? Dan? Oh, no, we're just buds. [music playing] [crowd cheering] Hellcats - S01E02 I Say a Little Prayer Sync by Rafael UPD www.addic7ed.com [music playing] [crowd cheering] Oh, what have I gotten myself into? The best experience of your life. Huddle up, hellcats. Do you feel it? Do you feel the weight? Today one squad will qualify for regionals. No one in their right mind thinks it's going to be us. The university, they've given us an ultimatum... Place at nationals or they will gut our program. Are you feeling the weight? [muttering] Hmm. Well, I'm not. I'm light as a feather. Because you are champions of the spirit. You ignore the scoreboard. Long odds are irrelevant. In the face of seemingly insurmountable adversity, You do not waiver. You roll, you tumble... You fly. [all cheering] Punch it! [all cheering] [music playing] First competition. Exciting, huh? It's, uh... Something. Who are those guys? Memphis christian. The team to beat. Not much for showing the skin, are they? Well, mem chris is a religious school. Jesus is the wind beneath their skirts. Savannah went there before she transferred to lancer. Charlotte, I want to wish you luck. I heard alice got hurt. Yeah, but we got this new girl. Marti. Yeah, I saw her. She's a moose. We're going to bury you, So you should probably keep that luck for yourself. I don't believe in it. Still... I wish you the best. Ok, cyclones, let's run that again! Like you mean it! 5, 6, 7, 8! What did charlotte have to say? She wished us luck. [grunting] Oh, I'll be back. Yo, dan patch! You look amazing, despite the fact That you're dressed like a cheerleader. That part's weird. It's not weird, it's perverse. Been missing your fly moves at empire. You seduce rosalie? I tried. Ended up making sweet love to myself by mistake. Happens to the best of us. What can I say? You know? I need my wing woman To keep my head on straight. I've been studying like a banshee And training 24/7 for this thing. Things settle down, you know, my time will free up. Hey, you want to come and hang with us? Sitting with the cheerleaders? Yeah. Lordie, am I even allowed? No. Just plead ignorance. P.A.: Marti perkins to admission security. Marti perkins to security. Don't you understand? This is her first cheer competition ever And she wants her mom here for support, But I can't let her know I'm here if you don't let me backstage. Ma'am, we've paged your daughter And she should be here any minute. Mom? Baby! Oh, I am so excited to be here. I hope no one mistakes me for a hellcat. What are you doing here? How did you find out about this? Alice invited me. But she's got me sitting in the stands And I really think that I should be backstage with you. So would you let this lady here know That it's ok to let me through? Is there a problem? No problem. Mom, you cannot be here. Why is dan here? I'm-I'm dating this cheerleader here. Baby, you look fine tonight. Ok, you're leaving. I just got here! Now! Come on! Why did you say we were dating? I was just taking the heat off Marti. It was a joke. Oh. I sometimes miss those. Anyway, you're dan, right? I'm savannah monroe. Yeah, charmed. I'm short on time, so please keep your answers concise. You know Marti better than I do, how much trouble are we in? There was a scene back in high school. Her mom showed up at a gymnastics event drunk. And vomited on her. Yes, yes, I know all that. So you also know what wanda did the night Before Marti took her s. A.T.'s And what happened at her high school graduation and her 21st birthday... Ok, in 20 minutes we're putting Marti out in front of a crowd. What can I do to help her? Get rid of mom. Marti's one of the most capable people I've ever met. You help get her head cleared, she'll come through. Positive attitude. I like the way you think. Good talk. I just don't understand, Marti, why I can't stay. I can't have this argument right now, please. I love you and I am so proud of you. And Marti. Marti! I wouldn't miss one of your events for the whole wide world. Look at that eyeliner. You look like a truck stop trannie. Mom! This is the first time I've competed in anything Since I quit gymnastics and my entire future is on the line. Look, I can't focus on me When I have to deal with things like being paged Over the loudspeaker to come manage you. I never asked you to manage me. She loves you but you have to go. My name is savannah monroe, by the way. Truly a pleasure to meet you. Let's walk this way. [crowd cheering] All right, tennessee. Put your hands together For the memphis christian university cyclones. [crowd cheering] [music playing] I walked your mom to her car. Ok. Now you can put your focus where it belongs... Beating memphis christian. Did you do this on purpose? If she's this easy to rattle, she is not cut Out to handle the pressures of being a flyer. ["boomin'" playing] You know you're not just messing with Marti, right? All of our scholarships are on the line here, alice. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what? I realize it's not that big of a deal to you. You know, daddy will just step right in And pay a little tuition or whatever. But it's not like that for me. For most of us. Don't play the spoiled rich girl card. I am allowed to be angry. I was in line to be captain Before perfect little savannah transferred in. Now I'm hurt and everyone is falling All over themselves helping Marti to take my place. No, no, no, no. I don't fall all over myself for anybody. You fell for me once. ♪ boomin' out the stereo system ♪ ♪ 'cause we rock for sure in stereo ♪ ♪ boomin' out the stereo system ♪ ♪ this goes out to anyone listenin' ♪ ♪ boomin' out the stereo system ♪ ♪ here to rep the most high with this one ♪ ♪ boomin' out the stereo system ♪ ♪ this goes out to anyone listenin' ♪ ♪ boomin' out the stereo system ♪ ♪ 'cause we rock for sure in stereo ♪ ♪ boomin' out your stereo ♪ ♪ portable sounds to lift me up ♪ ♪ portable sounds to take me higher ♪ ♪ portable sounds to lift me up ♪ ♪ so don't even try to get in my head ♪ ♪ we got portable sounds to lift us up ♪ ♪ portable sounds to take us up... ♪ [crowd groans] Charlotte! Is she ok? Charlotte. Is she ok? You're going to be fine. I promise. You should go with. But if I'm not here, the hellcats forfeit. I'll deal with it. Just go. Be with your sister. They're sisters? You're not the only one with a complicated family. Does this happen often? In college sports, two-thirds of catastrophic Injuries to women are cheerleading accidents. Whoa! Two-thirds? It's serious discipline for serious people. So whatever's going on with your mom, deal with it. I need your head on straight for Saturday. Saturday? I was able to swap our time slot with king college, So we'll take their place on the last day of competition. We've got another shot to qualify. I need that girl I met at tryouts. The university isn't screwing around. They will cut our program. And the scholarships? Count on it. Head on straight. Hey. Hey. How's charlotte? Things look good so far. But the neurologist wants her to stay Just for observation. Have you seen her yet? After the ct scan is finished. My mom is with her now. We're here as long as you need us. It looks like we're all set. So why don't you head on over there, savannah? Well, I've got to admit, it's handy being in love with a doctor. You get all that universal healthcare. [giggling] With benefits. Aren't you supposed to be somewhere Getting your head on straight? Hey, char. Hi, mom. I'm going to go get a coffee, sweetheart. Ok? You feeling ok? Well, mom's here. She's the best when you're sick. Where's dad? Wait, never mind. No need to answer. I know your head hurts. An accident like this really puts things in perspective. It's been what... Almost a year since we've all been in the same room together? I miss my family. I'm pretty sure... All this... Isn't about you. All set. That was quick. Everything ok? Charlotte's great. She just needs some rest. [beeping] ♪ you gotta keep smilin' ♪ ♪ you gotta keep smilin' ♪ ♪ through the thunder and lightnin' ♪ ♪ through the thunder and lightnin' ♪ ♪ you gotta keep tryin' ♪ ♪ you gotta keep tryin' ♪ ♪ don't cry before you're hurt ♪ ♪ you gotta keep smilin' ♪ ♪ you gotta keep smilin' ♪ ♪ through the thunder and lightnin' ♪ ♪ through the thunder and lightnin' ♪ ♪ you gotta keep fightin' ♪ ♪ you gotta keep tryin' ♪ ♪ because things can, things can't get much worse ♪ ♪ you take a break ♪ ♪ take a break ♪ ♪ take a day to relax ♪ ♪ get away ♪ ♪ get away ♪ ♪ get away to the sunshine ♪ Uh! ♪ throw me a lifeline ♪ ♪ when life is hard ♪ ♪ when life is hard ♪ ♪ when life is just unfair ♪ ♪ we'll have a laugh ♪ ♪ have a laugh ♪ ♪ have a laugh at the rat race ♪ ♪ we'll make a new place ♪ ♪ don't you make me cry ♪ ♪ boys will be boys ♪ ♪ girls will be girls ♪ ♪ it's a mixed up, muddled up, messed up world ♪ ♪ are you takin' the... ♪ Hey. No liquid breakfast. Yeah, yes, mom. Bagel me. Ooh, ooh. Ha ha. ♪ you gotta keep tryin' ♪ ♪ you gotta keep tryin' ♪ ♪ don't cry before you're hurt ♪ ♪ you gotta keep smilin' ♪ ♪ you gotta keep smilin' ♪ ♪ through the thunder and lightnin' ♪ ♪ through the thunder and lightnin' ♪ ♪ you gotta keep tryin' ♪ ♪ you gotta keep tryin' ♪ ♪ because things can, things can't get much worse ♪ ♪ things can't get much worse ♪ ♪ things can't get much worse ♪ ♪ ba-da-ba-da, ba-da-ba-ba ♪ ♪ ba-da-ba-da, ba-da-ba-ba... ♪ Energy. Execution. Excellent. ♪ ba-da-ba-da, ba-da-ba-ba ♪ ♪ you gotta try smilin' ♪ ♪ ba-da-ba-da, ba-da-ba-ba ♪ ♪ you gotta try smilin' ♪ ♪ ba-da-ba-da, ba-da-ba-ba ♪ ♪ you gotta keep smilin' ♪ ♪ ba-da-ba-da, ba-da-ba-ba ♪ ♪ oh, yeah ♪ ♪ ba-da-ba-da, ba-da-ba ♪ Ahem. ♪ ba-da-ba-da, ba-da-ba-ba ♪ ♪ ba-da-ba-da, ba-da-ba-ba ♪ ♪ ba-da-ba-da, ba-da-ba-ba ♪ ♪ get much worse ♪ ♪ that things can't get much worse ♪ You talk to wanda since the incident? No time. And I felt kind of bad. I really bit her head off. You need help hiding the body? Nah, she regenerates. She means well. I mean, she doesn't want to make my life miserable. Yeah, it just kinda works out that way. Manifest destiny. You know, it takes 2 to tango. That is true. And when she's around, I snap into caretaker mode And I can't help it. So, that's on me. But it doesn't matter whose fault it is. See, the end result is always the same. Wanda makes a scene and I end up blowing The spelling bee or taking my driver's test. Or face planting off the uneven parallel bars. Oh. You know what I need? Space. From wanda? Yeah. Huh! Good luck to you. Just a grace period Until I can get this whole schedule thing under control. That's teaching a pig to sing. It doesn't work and it annoys the pig. Oh, I love pig metaphors. Now, can we like slap some lipstick on it, Maybe cut off its ear and make a silk purse? Ok, family goes where it goes. You can't control it. Hell, every since james jr and I moved back home To help out, we've got 6 brothers and sisters, My dad, and his dad all under one roof. There you go being irish and all. It's a war zone. Yeah. You know, we're tripping over ourselves, Getting in each other's way. But I guess if you just sit back and you accept the messiness... You can have an excellent time. You know, I'm really glad this whole zen Master serenity thing is working for you, Dan patch, but it's not an option for me. I'll still help you hide the body. Do appreciate that! [door closes] Um, Marti... I am so glad this day is over. Marti. Oh, wait, it's not. I have 4 hours of reading to do And a paper on constitutional law. Marti. What? You've got a visitor. She brought ribs. Mom? Why are you here? Oh, and you brought food. The ribs are from cozy corner, your favorite. Mm-hmm. All is forgiven. Come here. [music playing] Ready for another? God, yes. Ha ha. Hey, it's the new coach. I should, uh say hello, right? Oh, no, no, no. Honey, honey, this is our together time. I know, but it's good to get in his radar. Do you know how much a staff football doctor makes? Coach raymond. Hey. I'm a huge fan. Really? The way in which you turned around That program down there at louisiana, coach. Nothing short of brilliant. I don't think bear brian could have done better. Flattery will get you a beer. I didn't get your name. Derrick. Derrick altman, sports doctor here at lancer. I'm actually working with the hellcats Right now while I finish up my fellowship. A friend of the hellcats is a friend of mine. Let me buy you a cold one, doc. Hi, I'm vanessa lodge. My girlfriend. Oh. Nice to meet you. Yeah, I'm hellcats head coach, so I'm sure We'll be seeing a lot of each other. Pleased to meet you, too. Actually, coach, you two have a bit of shared history. Is that so? Yeah, yeah. Vanessa here was a hellcat back when you were a coach. Small world. Yeah. Wouldn't want to paint it. I tell you what, I promised derrick here a beer And since we'll be working together, How about you sit with me and the boys? We can bond. It sounds like fun. It does, doesn't it? Good lord. Savannah, where's home? Millington. Oh. Alice? Fort worth. Oh, will you look at this? No, we're done. Oh, do you-do you see that? My daughter here thinks I can't handle my liquor. Am I a grown woman or not? This is your second bottle, ok? Louis, I look like a grown woman to you? Uh, yes, ma'am. Hmm. [chuckles] All right. Yeah, have at it. Actually, let me get you a trough. Do not talk to me in that tone of voice. Oh, wow, now you're getting parental. I'll rip you a... Let's send up a flare, why... I'm from millington, tennessee. It's about 12 miles north from here. Yeah, the same place justin timberlake's from, right? Oh, I love him. I would rock that body. [laughter] Oh, this was a delightful evening. I don't want it to end. Come on, mom. You know, I'll just walk you to the car. Is this a sofa bed? Not a chance in hell. Yeah, ok. I can't go home. I know you get lonely. I'll drive you home, I'll tuck you in, We'll watch a bad movie. No, really, I can't go home. I came home from work And there is this big padlock on the front door. You got evicted? I am not paying for that car Even if I could afford it on principle. Car? What are you talking about? You remember that flood upstairs last winter? You know the landlord, mr. Aziki? Yes, mom. I send him your rent checks. Ok, well, he finally agrees To fix the water stains on that kitchen wall. He wants to paint it eggshell. So... The wall has always been sage. It matches the tablecloth. But mr. Aziki insists on painting it A neutral color because... get this-it's easier to rent. And I'm still living there. I mean, can you imagine the nerve? So the man raises his voice... And I will not be talked to with disrespect. And I pick up that paint can. And I open the window... Does this end with you trashing our landlord's car? He said some very ugly things. Ah! Ok! Ok, you know what? You can stay. Ah. Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa. On one condition. Tomorrow you sit down with mr. Aziki and you fix this on your own. Well, how am I supposed to do that? I mean, I don't have the money to fix his stupid car. You're a big girl, figure it out. But I don't have the... Otherwise, you sleep in a motel. Do we have a deal? Oh. Hmm. Deal. Savannah! Mom? I was just going to call you. You were? Why? Is charlotte ok? Doctors say she's fine, but she's in pain And you just never know with a head injury. Your dad and I are holding a prayer circle For her on Saturday if you would like to come. Of course. I'll be there. Good. 10 a. M. Wait, that's our redo time for qualifiers. Well, your sister's not getting a redo. It's just a prayer, right? I mean, can't that be done at any time? I can make it by noon. Just a prayer? There are a lot of people coming, savannah. Pastor george is making a special trip. So,if this is important to you, you'll be here. We do hope to see you tomorrow. Hey, hon, it's me. I hope your day's going well. I got your message about picking up dinner And I just thought that... [gasps] oh, my gosh! Derrick, I'm going to kill you. You know we shouldn't be spending money on... Takeout food every night. So, um, I'm just going to pick up some veggies And make a stir fry with some buckwheat noodles, Like you like. Ok. Love you. [grunting] Again, Marti, lock your knees. Ok. Again. Oh! What's with you today? Focus. Come on. Ooh. Ah! Uh! Who am I kidding? She's going to die a horrible death without me. What? Who's going to die a horrible death? Who do you think? Marti, where are you going? Mr. Aziki, you do realize by locking my mother out, You've violated the uniform residential landlord and tenant acts. My baby is studying to be a lawyer. I could have you arrested for throwing paint on my car. We could file suit. Mutually assured destruction. But why go to the dark place? Where'd you get all that cash? Cash advance. This should cover the damage, mr. Aziki. Barely. On one condition though-paint the wall Sage-primer, 2 coats. Sage. Mm-hmm. Agreed. Thank you, sweetheart. You really came through. I don't want your thanks. I want you to pay me back. I want you to be responsible. I don't want to have to save your ass every day of our lives. Got it? Got it. Yeah, so alice was saying that you're going To get a do over for qualifiers? She was? At dinner. She said that the hellcats are going To get another chance to go in front of the judges. Um, yeah, yeah. Vanessa tried, but it didn't work out. Oh, but what about your scholarship? I'll figure out something. Well, if anyone can figure it out, it's you. Mom, come on. Of course I do. I'm sorry, but I'm going to have support charlotte in my own way. The squad is depending on me. [door opens] Yeah, well, they're my family, too. Right now they're my only family. You made sure of that. Mom? Mom? [sighs] Mom trouble? No, of course not. You? Same. [both talking at same time] You first. Well, my mom asked about qualifiers And I told her that they weren't happening. Well, when she finds out... Yeah, it'll break her heart, I know. I feel awful, but she brings it on herself. I need to concentrate on me this one time. And if she doesn't respect that, Then she deserves to get shut out. What? I got shut out. Yeah? When I transferred to lancer, It was a huge betrayal to my folks. Why? Memphis christian is my family's legacy school. My mom and dad met there. My grandfather spent 15 years as vice chancellor. And my great grandmother was the first woman ever admitted on campus. There's some serious pressure. So I went. But after my freshman year, I realized I wasn't growing. My sister and I were home schooled And it just felt more of the same. There's a whole world out there And I wasn't getting to experience it. So without telling them, I filled out a lancer application. The cheer scholarship gave me the freedom To tell them no... For the first time in my life. You're happy though, right? You should be glad about that. Lancer is a secular school. When I came here, I didn't just turn my back on my family history. They think I turned my back on god. They think I'm partying and screwing around every night. Have they met you? Have they seen your bedspread? It's a coverlet and they're not exactly open-minded. I'm really sorry, savannah. Me, too. Your mom loves you. She may not have the best way of showing it, But trust me, the alternative is worse. So, are you going to do something about it? Are you? [beeping] ♪ 'cause I never loved nobody ♪ ♪ like I love you ♪ ♪ was your number one fan ♪ ♪ number one fan ♪ ♪ so, catch me if you can ♪ ♪ catch me if you can ♪ ♪ for all the time you're with him ♪ ♪ for all the love I traded ♪ ♪ again and again ♪ ♪ again and again ♪ ♪ you probably still that I'm your ma'am ♪ ♪ well, girl ♪ ♪ kiss me if you can ♪ ♪ 'cause I never loved nobody... ♪ The bus leaves in 10 minutes. Move! ♪ like I love you ♪ ♪ was your number one fan ♪ ♪ number one fan ♪ ♪ so, catch me if you can ♪ ♪ you probably still that I'm your ma'am ♪ ♪ well, girl ♪ ♪ kiss me if you can ♪ ♪ I'm barely breathin' ♪ ♪ beggin', please try to excuse me ♪ ♪ and leave all this, can you hear me?.. ♪ I have to do something. Be right back. ♪ hey, you ♪ ♪ it's me ♪ ♪ hey, you ♪ ♪ it's me ♪ God... ♪ can you hear me? ♪ I can't be with my family right now, But know that my heart is with them. Keep them safe and happy, especially charlotte. Please watch over her. ♪ can you hear me callin'? ♪ ♪ see me fallin'? ♪ ♪ fallin' at your feet ♪ ♪ cryin' out for help ♪ ♪ I got no one else ♪ ♪ tell me, you know what I need ♪ Marti, straighten this leg and then you'll get deeper into your lunge. Hellcats! Hellcats! Hellcats! Hellcats! Hellcats! Hellcats! Hellcats! Hellcats! Hellcats! Hellcats! Hellcats! Hellcats! Now, you hellcats are always cheering so hard for us. We thought it was time to return the favor. Now, give it up! Give it up, hellcats! You like that? Ha ha ha. Gotta admit-it's a classy move. The man is truly unbelievable. [music playing] Oh, no. Hey, dude, can you move? I need your seat, buddy. Well, Marti beth perkins, What a surprise to see you here. My invitation must have gotten lost in the mail. Mom. Did you think I wouldn't find out? I am facebook friends with half your squad. Oh, my god. Who are you? I just don't understand why you lied to me. Then you're not listening. You never do. What do you mean? I'm doing a big scary thing here. My future, my law career depends on making This cheerleading thing work. And you being here makes it harder. I know that's something you don't want to hear, But it's true. Can't we change that? I am your biggest fan and I am so proud of you, baby. Mom, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Ok. Uh... You need to get out there and focus And you need to get out there and win. And... We'll deal with this later. Mom. Honey? Stay. Honey? Stay. I'm not 16 anymore. I've got to grow past this. You've got to grow past this. So sit and watch. If I can pull off the helicopter with you sitting here, Then I can do it anywhere anytime. Are you sure? Yeah. You didn't bring like an air horn or anything, did you? No. Fireworks? No. Good. Ok. Whoo! Are you sure you can handle this? Positive outcomes only. [crowd cheering] ♪ my first kiss went a little like this ♪ ♪ and twist ♪ ♪ and twist ♪ ♪ well, my first kiss went a little like this ♪ ♪ and twist ♪ ♪ and twist ♪ ♪ I said no more teachers and no books ♪ ♪ I got a kiss under the bleachers ♪ ♪ hopin' that nobody looks ♪ ♪ lips like licorice, tongue like candy ♪ ♪ excuse me, miss, but can I get you out your purse? ♪ ♪ she won't ever get enough ♪ ♪ once she gets a little touch ♪ ♪ if I had it my way ♪ ♪ you know that I'd make her say ♪ ♪ ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ ♪ she won't ever get enough ♪ ♪ once she gets a little touch ♪ ♪ if I had it my way ♪ ♪ you know that I'd make her say ♪ ♪ ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ ♪ ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ ♪ ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ ♪ ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ ♪ she won't ever get enough ♪ ♪ once she gets a little touch ♪ ♪ if I had it my way ♪ ♪ you know that I'd make her say ♪ ♪ ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ ♪ ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ ♪ she won't ever get enough ♪ ♪ once she gets a little touch ♪ ♪ if I had it my way ♪ ♪ you know that I'd make her say ♪ ♪ ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ ♪ ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ ♪ she won't ever get enough ♪ ♪ once she gets a little touch ♪ ♪ if I had it my way ♪ ♪ you know that I'd make her say ♪ [crowd cheering] Hell of a game, coach. [sighs] [crowd cheering] Sorry about that. Needed to double check the final tally. It's official, folks. We have a winner. With a score of 92 points... The lancer hellcats! [screaming] [crowd cheering] [indistinct cheering] Come on, let's hear it for the hellcats! [cheering] I opened a bottle of the pricey stuff. Aw. Thank you, mom. Thank you. You did real good today, sweetheart. I'm glad you were there to see it, mom. Me, too. A toast! Cheers! To cheers! Oh, another toast. To making it happen. Whoo! Yeah. I'll drink to that. Who! Whoo! [laughter] Cheers! [laughter] Hellcats! Hey, why the pensive look? I'm preparing myself mentally. The nationals is a long way off. Each step from here on in gets harder and harder. It's going to make the work We've been doing look like a cakewalk. Did you just say cakewalk? Yes, a cakewalk. Something that's easy peezy, a cinch. Welcome to the museum of archaic vocabulary. [laughs] You're making fun of me? Oh, balderdash! No. [laughs] Hey, savannah, you, um... You want to go out with me sometime? Is that another joke? No. Then... Ok, yeah. Oh, my number, Arm. Ok. ♪ when did the angel lose her wings? ♪ ♪ when she flew from the realms and dropped her dreams... ♪ Come on, girl. Come on, let's dance. ♪ I would go never down and the gates were closed ♪ ♪ life was revealed and the past exposed ♪ ♪ since away from the land of the dreams ♪ ♪ folks today they hope there'll be a home for the dream ♪ ♪ bet you never thought I'd get out of the fields ♪ ♪ this bread gave me life and sounds of the hills ♪ ♪ oh, oh, oh, come on back to fold ♪ ♪ just don't, don't go from the sights you know ♪ ♪ I said, no, no, no, can't sail the shore ♪ ♪ sister, oh, oh, oh, just a row-ow-ow ♪ ♪ I'm getting somewhere, I getting somewhere ♪ ♪ I'm going to be there. I'm going to... ♪ Sync by Rafael UPD www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 