Hellcats: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hellcats 
 s1e6 - Ragged Old Flag - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hellcats (2010–2011): Season 1, Episode 6 - Ragged Old Flag - full transcript 
 The girls's volleyball team challenges the Hellcats to a flag-football game. Lewis coaches the Hellcats and Red is impressed by his plays. Marti pretends to be sick so she can skip the game and attend a conference with Julian. Alice wants to cheat to win but Savannah refuses, putting the girls at odds once again. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Hellcats... You sure school is worth all this? I'm going to graduate, pass the bar up north, And work in a da's office where everybody  talks in flat Yankee vowels. You're applying for a scholarship? I have one now for cheerleading. Cheerleading. Oh! Hello, Marti. Welcome to cheertown. Marti tells me you used to play football. Freshman year. Why'd you quit? Personal reasons. Lewis know you're here? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What happened between you guys? He abandoned his team. He's a traitor. The university is pulling our funding for regionals. They're reallocating our funding for volleyball. Since we don't have the money we need, A second option is to submit the bid video. If we win a bid, national organization pays our full freight. 1, 2, 3, 4! ♪ look to the left, look to the right ♪ Ok, Hellcats. Let's do that combo we've been working on. Here we go. ♪ when I walk, I'm walking straight up with the motion ♪ ♪ when you see my hips shake, baby, look for cover ♪ ♪ you try to put me in a box, but I'm the only one ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ I'm a firecracker, boy, don't tell your mother ♪ ♪ w-w-watch me move ♪ ♪ w-w-watch me move ♪ ♪ I'll get you in the mood ♪ sexy. ♪ w-w-watch me ♪ ♪ I feel your eyes all on me, baby ♪ ♪ take a good look ♪ ♪ put it into your memory.. ♪ We're ready to practice. Why aren't you at Your special cheer gym? We were finishing floors today. We'll be done in 3 minutes. Alice. Looking good for your first day back. Good job. ♪ watch me ♪ ♪ you know what I can do ♪ ♪ I'll get you in the mood ♪ Who threw that? Who threw it? Carol? The ball slipped. What? Come on, guys. Set up the nets. Ok. This is her day back after a serious injury. How would you like me to file a grievance  with the athletic department? File away. Like I said, It was an accident. Let it go. I'm fine. You sure? Yeah. Little help? Volleyball. That's a sport for girls Who like having balls fly at their face, right? And cheerleading's another name for "dwarf-tossing." She did not just say that. Tell me she didn't say that. Down. Down, trigger. Come on, carol. Let's go serve it up. No, shut up, Betsy. I'm sick of these little punks complaining. They get their own name, their own gym, Their own special dorm, And volleyball gets the shaft. You know we had to threaten a lawsuit To get lancer to pay for nationals this year? They took the money from our budget And gave it to you! Oh, yeah. That's right. That was cool. Because you're not athletes. You're football groupies. Oh, here it comes. Take that back. Don't believe me? Ask the ncaa. Yeah, well, the ncaa is wrong, ok? You guys spike a half-pound volleyball. Our bases can throw a 100-pound girl in the air and catch her. Your guys? Fine. They're athletes. You're a shot-put with boobs. We can jump higher, run farther, Do anything better than you. We are 10 times the athletes you people are. Then why don't you prove it? Name your sport. Fine. How about flag football? Done. Ok. Wait. Hold on. Given the size difference here, I think football's a little unfair. How about we do a skills contest, Involving speed and endurance? I figured you'd punk out. Forget it. No, we're in. You speak for your team? Our captain does. You going to back me here? We're in. Care to make it interesting? They're going to flatten us. They're intramural flag football champions. This is suicide. You agreed to suicide. Ok, when you say I in that tone,  it sounds very judgmental. Ooh, I saw that game. It was a massacre. Those girls are beasts. We're playing them this weekend. Why would you do that? 'cause Alice wants to get us all killed. They're not that huge. We can beat them. Hell, if you have Lewis and Darwin and your other bases... Oh no, girls only. Lewis can coach, But none of the guys are allowed to actually play. Wow. That sucks. You don't have any money riding on this, do you? Oh, go on. Tell her what happens if they win. Oh. No wait, I'll do it. We have to cheer for them. In our underwear. Oh. Don't forget you have that cute thong That I brought you back from Mexico. Noted. It works both ways, though. I mean, if we win, they do the same. Oh. Honey, you're not going to win. I had to back Alice, ok? Especially after what happened with the bid video. What happened with the bid video? Fighting, yelling, a little punching. Conflict nearly tore the squad apart. I'm not going to make the same mistake twice. We succeed or fail together. Fail. Hey, don't assume success is out of the question. We're faster, smarter, and we have Lewis coaching. If we do manage to beat them, No one will be able to say that we aren't athletes. Athletes? Really? I like to think of you guys more as Special dancers. Yeah. All right, ladies. Come on. You're on my time now. Let's see who's got talent. Let's go! Hellcats! ♪ I got the magic in me ♪ ladies. Good. Ladies, come on. ♪ every time ♪ ♪ I touch that track, it turns into gold ♪ Wow. Wow. ♪ everybody knows Whoo! ♪ I've got the magic in me ♪ We have our quarterback! ♪ the girls come snappin' at me ♪ That's all right. ♪ everybody wants ♪ Next time. Next time. ♪ a blast of magic ♪ ♪ magic, magic ♪ ♪ magic, magic, magic ♪ ♪ magic, magic, magic ♪ ♪ a-ooh ♪ ♪ magic in me ♪ ♪ got the magic, baby ♪ Whoo! Hey, a star is born! ♪ everybody knows I've got the magic in me ♪ ♪ everybody wants a blast of magic, magic, magic ♪ ♪ magic, I got the magic in me ♪ That's right. Best athletes on campus. Hellcats. Love us. ♪ I got the magic in me... ♪ All right, Hellcats. Good first practice. We got some ballers out here. I hope you're starting to believe. I believe all the practice in the world Isn't going to make us stronger, bigger, or faster. Well, that's true. Their size will help them. But nothing they have compares to what you guys have-- Trust and focus. I'm telling you, come game time, We're going to make those volleyball  girls feel some pain, huh? Is there a box of tissues around? 'cause that speech, man, it just made me feel these... emotions I didn't even know I had. Get him out of here, huh? All right, everybody. Good first practice. That's what I'm talking about. Hit the showers. Let's go. Why do you have to provoke Lewis? You know he doesn't matter to me any more. You know, honestly? I can't help it. The guy is so full of himself. "all right, Hellcats. Trust in your  teammates and focus, man. "come game time, we're going to make Those volleyball girls feel some pain!" Whatever. By the way, thanks for coming out to my practice. Yeah. You see I'm the qb? I did. That's my girl. Congrats. And you know, the best part about beating the pants off you? Easy access later. What are you talking about? I'm coaching the volleyball girls. You're helping the other team? Yeah. One of their setters writes term  papers for me, so I kind of owe her one. No way. Tell them you quit. Calm down. It's a stupid flag football game. Who cares? I care. I want this campus to sit up and take notice That we are athletes. To do that, we have to win. Yeah. No one on campus cares about this game but you guys. So just listen-- play ball, Have some fun, and take your lumps. By the way, you're going to look Really hot out there in your shorts. The sugar train has left the station. Alice... If you're not with us, you're not with me. Oh. Fine. That goes both ways. So as of this moment, Alice, You are officially banned from my pants. Whatever will I do to while away the nights In my dorm full of beautiful cheerleaders? I'm thinking negligee tickle fights. Y'all need a camera for that? Mom, I'm home. Mom. Hello? Mama. Think fast. There's those quick reflexes. Hey, what's up, dad? I thought you'd be at work, dad. Ah, you know, union says use my vacation days or lose them. How's school? You killin' it, like always? You know it. Yeah. Not this again. That was in the mailbox? Why now, after 2 years? This has got to be red Raymond. You think so? It's the only thing that makes sense. New coach's offense isn't clicking, So he tries to pull me back into football. Man, this was supposed to be over. Why don't you just give me the  envelope? I'll take care of it. You got enough to worry about. No, this is my mess. I'll handle it. Coach? Yeah? You know who I am? Lewis Flynn. 4-5 40. 28-inch vert. Good hands. Hard to bring down. Created a stink and asked to be released From his football scholarship... To become a hellcat. Yeah. Playing by the rules shouldn't cause a stink. You know, my maiden auntie had  that quilted on a pot-holder. If you don't mind, I have a lot of film to watch And not much time for quitters. Look, man, I'm not coming back. Coming back to what? To football. Good, 'cause I don't want you back. Now, get out of my training facility Before I have you thrown out. Explain where this came from. I know nothing about this. Well, it arrived at my house this  morning, just like it used to. And I want it to stop. Dirty football is why I quit the team, coach, And I don't want any part of it. Neither do I. You didn't have anything to do with this? I did not. Then who did? Come with me. Ah. Well, speak of the devil, and he walks into my office. Well, you've always got a box at lancer. Ok. Good-bye. Governor of this great state wants you to "work on your offense," as if that's some kind of revelation. You look pretty steamed, red. We're on probation, bill. This envelope shows up? You're playing with fire. It never crossed your mind that this job might get a little toasty? Who's this? I'm Lewis Flynn. Oh, right. Didn't recognize you without a helmet. I've got some messages from your dad here. Look, man, I don't want your money, and I'm not coming back. I don't want any part of any scandal. What makes you think this envelope was for you? It was at my house. Look... You live on campus with cheerleaders. Delivering that money to the wrong address? That just seems a little foolish. So what are you saying? I'm saying that this is A matter probably best discussed amongst your family. What does it have to do with my family? Cut out the games, bill. Start with dad. I mean, I've got, what, 1, 2, 3 messages? I wonder what he wants to talk about. Wait. No, no, no. Wait. You're trying  to say my father is on the take? For what? Why would you even be paying him off? Did I say that I was paying someone off? Red, you hear me say that? No. Uh-uh. You're lying. You're lying to my face, 'cause that's what you do. Mm-hmm. This program is garbage, and you are, too. To hell with both of you. Wow. Mouth on that kid, huh? What'd I inherit here, bill? How's that, red? When I came here, you promised me  football would run clean, And clearly, it isn't. Now, if you want to keep me, You need to tell me every last bit of dirt That's still in this program. For that, I think you'll need a drink. Heads up, my loyal slaves. You have all tasted the stick. Now, prepare for the carrot. It's reward time. The most powerful party in the u.S. Is not the republicans or the democrats. It's the lobbyists. Special interests are the ones who run things in d.C. And in Nashville. And on Saturday, I'll be in Nashville Speaking with lobbyists who are  interested in repealing 3 strikes-- The naacp, Tennessee bar association, and the aclu. And all of you are going to come with. Nashville. I'm going to have that place on lockdown. It's this Saturday? Yes, ms. Perkins. This Saturday. And it's mandatory? Is your career mandatory? What's the problem? It's short notice. Well, I'm sorry I didn't send a save the date card, But I can assure you that this trip will be worth your time. We're going to be speaking with every  shaker and mover in the state. And every one of these people is A potential summer internship Or law school rec or a judge clerkship. Now, if you want to get into a decent law school, You're going to need those connections. Now, ms. Wheeler, I have some notes on this brief that you prepared. What's with the hesitation? Not that it's any of your business, but I can't make the trip. The Hellcats are playing the girls' volleyball team In flag football this weekend. Hey, don't laugh at me. You don't laugh at me. I'm sorry, but come on. A flag football game? With cheerleaders? You're going to miss out on a career-building opportunity For flag football? Look, it's not like our presence helps Travis. It's a schmoozefest. Oh, too good for networking and lining up a summer gig? I promised. The squad needs me. Sick out. Say you have diarrhea. It's the ultimate excuse. No one ever questions it. They think, "who would be willing to say they have diarrhea If they didn't really have diarrhea?" Ok, please stop saying that word. If you don't start thinking like a lawyer And stop thinking like a cheerleader, A cheerleader is all you're ever going to be. Lewis? What are you doing here? I spoke to bill marsh today, dad. He told me that money was meant  for you. Is that true? Watch how you talk to me. Is it true? Are you on the take? Don't you come in this house, start accusing me-- Is it true? I deserve a straight answer, dad. Is it true? Yeah. Wake up, lazybones. It's time to practice. Are you ok? I think I'm sick. You need hot tea. Yeah. It hurts to talk. Yeah. Feels like the flu. Oh, no. Ok. I'm going to bring you some green tea. We've got to get you healthy before the game tomorrow. We're dead without you. Just think about law school. I haven't been taking vacation days. Gibson cut back my hours at work. Everybody's hours, actually. I'm only working 20 hours a week now. 20 hours a week? But you've been  there 30 years, dad. Yeah. What does this have to do with the  lancer athletic department? Well, it all started when I... Refinanced the mortgage. Turns out, the whole neighborhood got hit With these predatory loans. The moores lost their house, And the whole rest of the neighborhood is going to hell in a handbasket. When did you guys get this mortgage? 2 years ago. And I was able to stay afloat till last January, When they started cutting back my hours at work. When the gas got turned off, I had no choice. I had to call bill marsh. They turned off the gas? Dad, where was I? At school, where I wanted you. It started off as just a one-time loan. Before I could pay it off, another envelope came. And another one came the next month. I don't know why they kept coming, but they were a godsend. It's 'cause you threatened to go public, isn't it? No, no! I said I wouldn't say anything about the pay-for-play stuff. Bill marsh said he was just keeping the lancer family happy. Keeping the lancer family-- Dad, that's called hush money. You're blackmailing him. It's not blackmail... Really? What would you call it, then, huh? You don't understand the choices  I've made, Lewis. No, of course I don't. When lancer first started the pay-for-play, You were the one who encouraged me to quit the team To become a hellcat. You told me To guard your principles jealously, 'cause at the end of the day, that's all a man has. Don't talk to me about principles, Lewis. It's easy to have principles when you're young And don't have no responsibilities. You don't know what it's like to take care of a family. And that makes blackmailing ok? Stop calling it that! They paid you cash to keep quiet. What the hell else you call that, dad? Black. Mail. You--you know what? Your mother and I were freezing. We couldn't pay the mortgage. Tell me, Lewis. What should I have done? You tell me with the collected wisdom Of your 2 decades here on earth. I want to know. I don't know. But I know this is wrong. Savannah, I thought you were at football practice. There was chicken soup at the snack bar, So I had to bring you some. Why are you packing? Um, I'm going to my mom's place for the night. I don't want to get the rest of you sick. You're planning on dressing up for your mom? ♪ everything that I said I'd do ♪ ♪ like make the world brand-new... ♪ Ok. You've got me. I am a lying liar. I'm sorry. What's going on? I have to go to Nashville with my group For the 3 strikes project. It means I'm going to miss the football game. Marti, we can't win without you. Yeah. I know. Savannah, I'm sorry. But this is my law career. I don't think you understand What a big deal this is for me. No offense, but I've never seen you crack a book. ♪ I'm standing still ♪ One day, I'm going to wear A cheerleading championship ring on every finger. I'm going to open my own cheer camp. This spirit? This teamwork? This family? I want to pass that on to other kids. Cheerleading is my major. Well, that's you. Cheerleading is just my scholarship. My law career comes first. I'm sorry. ♪ the day is gone ♪ We're going to be humiliated out there. ♪ madly on ♪ What happened to positive outcomes only? I'm an optimist, not an idiot. Enjoy your soup. ♪ the world spins madly on ♪ ♪ and the world spins madly on ♪ How's the patient? ♪ and the world... ♪ Not too good. She's too sick to play. She's going to hole up at her mom's house until she's better. Without Marti, we're screwed. I don't believe that. We can win. We'll need an angle, though. Like what? [knock on door] Alice. What are you doing here? I wanted to make sure you didn't forget about me. I thought you cut me off while I was  coaching the volleyball girls. Hmm? Just here to torture me? Sadly, I left my tools at home. Ahh. We'll have to improvise. ♪ ♪ ♪ we could fall in love, I see you ♪ ♪ know you see me, too ♪ ♪ 'cause you're slowin' down ♪ ♪ put some extra pep in my step ♪ ♪ now ♪ ♪ I'm trying to be cool, make you turn around ♪ ♪ and check me out, oh ♪ ♪ we walk by each other daily ♪ ♪ but somethin' about today says maybe ♪ ♪ the street signs ♪ ♪ the city lights ♪ ♪ all the stars could lead me to you ♪ ♪ and you know we could fall in love ♪ ♪ love, love, love ♪ ♪ we could fall in love ♪ ♪ be on the stars and moon and sky ♪ ♪ just fall in love ♪ Oh. I didn't see you there. You still got it, Vanessa. Oh, I don't know about that. What brings you to this neck of the woods? Head coach is a lonely job, And you are the closest thing on campus I have To an old friend. You need to talk? I need to talk. Wait, I don't understand. I thought that all of lancer's dirty laundry was aired Last year in the ncaa probe. Well, apparently, That didn't keep the boosters from  wanting to pay the athletes. But why? They just don't think We can field competitive teams without pay-for-play. They think if the payments stop, We're going to lose players to schools that will pay them. But lancer's on probation already. So if the ncaa finds out that this is still going on, They'll come down on us like a 100-ton guillotine. They'll give us the death penalty. And that will be the end of football at lancer. And if football dies, everything dies. Cheerleading, too. Exactly. Does bill marsh know? Looking the other way. Well, if this blows up, it's the end of his career, too. He is arrogant enough to believe that he won't get caught. And where do you stand? I'm arrogant enough to believe that I can bring home the gold on a level playing field. I want a clean program. Good. Create one. I wish I knew how. Trying to stamp out this corruption is like punching smoke. It's hard to control rich old men with envelopes full of cash. Hmm. Well, then, You have to surround yourself  with people you can trust. I got you. Yes. As a friend. Ahh. Thanks for the talk. You're welcome. And this tea, by the way? Fantastic. Well, it promotes harmony and wellness. It says so on the packaging. Oh. Can we just play a scrabble  tournament instead? Listen, athletes aren't scared of the rain. We're going to play. Oh, my god. They brought a camera. Our humiliation will live forever on YouTube. Not if we use these. Woman: What's that? Pictures of Jake?s playbook. You stole their plays? We'll know what they're going to do before they do it. We'll dominate them. Sorry, Alice. You picked the wrong day to ask me to cheat. Oh, get off your high horse. Don't you want to show up Jake? Don't we all want to show up the volleybitches? I want to kill you for putting those  plays in our lap... 'cause I really, really want to use them. But we can't. We all know that. It wouldn't prove anything. Right? Alice? You going to back me here? Really? You're playing that card? Yes. I hope you remember this moment When we're sweating our asses off  cheering for those girls half-naked. ♪ oh, my baby ♪ ♪ honey, please don't go ♪ ♪ the way I love you ♪ ♪ you never know ♪ ♪ you never know ♪ come on. Come on. It's all right. ♪ you know that's so ♪ ♪ I want to tell you ♪ It's all right. Get it back. Down! Set, hut! ♪ but it ain't no joke ♪ Run it back! Come on, ladies! Come on! ♪ don't you do me wrong ♪ ♪ you know I love you ♪ ♪ don't you do me wrong ♪ Lewis: Nice work, girls. ♪ can't stand to see you leave ♪ ♪ hate to see you go ♪ Hut! Come on! Right there! Son of a bitch! Safety, 2 points. Suck on that, pussycats. Hey, it's Marti! [cheering and applause] Thought you were sick. Must have been a 24-hour bug. All right. Get in the game, then. All right. All right. I'm impressed. You chose cheerleading over lawyering. No. You could have busted me in front of the others for faking, But you didn't. I chose you over lawyering. You're a good friend. Hut! My chemical romance: ♪ na, na-na-na, na-na-na, na-na-na-na ♪ ♪ na-na-na, na-na-na, na-na-na, na-na-na-na ♪ Yeah, come on! Go, go, go! ♪ na-na-na, na-na-na ♪ woman: Go, Marti! Go, go, go! ♪ but I'll sell what you got-- ♪ Yeah! ♪ 8 legs to the wall ♪ ♪ hit the gas, kill 'em all ♪ ♪ and we crawl, and we crawl, and we crawl ♪ ♪ give me the detonator ♪ ♪ love, gimme love, gimme love ♪ Get back! Let's go! Let's go! ♪ from your heart and I'll keep it ♪ ♪ in a bag ♪ ♪ in a box ♪ ♪ put an "x" on the floor ♪ ♪ let me tell you about the sad man ♪ ♪ shut up and let me see your jazz hands ♪ Lewis: Go, go, go! Oh, my god! Go! Yeah! Whoo-hoo! [cheering] Carol! No, you didn't see her? She's their tallest player! Who said Hellcats, baby! ♪ a swollen artery ♪ woman: Ready, Hellcats? ♪ plastic surgery ♪ ♪ na, na-na-na ♪ ♪ keep your apology ♪ ♪ give us more detonation... ♪ Time out, time out, time out. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Ok, guys. Fourth down, less than 10 seconds left. This is our last play, one way or another. We don't score now, we lose. How do you want to play it, coach? We're going to throw to savannah. Me? Marti's our best receiver. Yeah, and Jake?s figured that out. And if I were him, I'd be triple-teaming her. Trust me. You'll be wide open. But I haven't caught anything all day. Well, this would be a good time to start. All right? Positive outcomes only. Let's go! Let's go! Don't ever do that again. Hut! [cheering] ♪ and the sky opened up ♪ ♪ everybody wants to change the world ♪ ♪ everybody wants to change the world ♪ ♪ but no one ♪ ♪ no one wants to die ♪ ♪ want to try, want to try, want to try ♪ ♪ want to try, want to try, oh ♪ ♪ I'll be your detonator ♪ ♪ na, na-na-na, na-na-na, na-na-na-na ♪ ♪ na, na-na-na, na-na-na ♪ ♪ make no apology ♪ ♪ na, na-na-na, na-na-na ♪ ♪ and step the...Away ♪ ♪ na, na-na-na, na-na-na ♪ ♪ on my authority ♪ ♪ crash and burn... ♪ ♪ drop like a bullet shell ♪ ♪ just like a sleeper cell ♪ ♪ I'd rather go to hell ♪ ♪ than be in purgatory ♪ ♪ cut my hair, gag and bore me ♪ [applause] ♪ pull this pin ♪ ♪ let this world explode... ♪ You coached a hell of a game there. Come on! Let's hear it for the... Didn't realize you liked flag football. I don't, but you kept me interested. I had some great athletes. You can't fool a pro. I saw you call the game, and you got a knack. Learn to take a compliment gracefully. Thanks. That's better. Bill marsh tells me Your dad asked him to stop sending the cash. He did? Thought you'd want to know. Good game. Job hunting? Uh... Yeah. Turns out my family can't pay their bills. Ouch. Been there with Wanda. You know, we used to have everything. I mean, Put in a pool, took vacations, I had this college fund. My dad, he even used to brag about how I could afford to go to any college I wanted to. What happened? I don't know. The economy, lay-offs, Bad loans... Life happened. See, I saw what was going on. I must have. The thing is, it just started getting bad Right when I was getting accepted to lancer. I knew my parents were pressuring me To take the scholarship school. I just never stopped to think why. I figured they just wanted me close to home. They probably did. No. I didn't want to see my family hurting, so I looked the other way. I threw myself into college and never looked back. That's what you're supposed to do, Lewis. My folks only live 40 minutes away  from here, and I'm never home. I always make them come visit me here. What does that say about me? Lancer's beautiful. The campus is paradise. It's like a drug. It's easy to forget what's going on out in the world. Sometimes, I think it'd be great to just... Lock that big iron gate at the entrance  and stay here forever... Safe and clueless. But we can't. No. We can't. I can't believe y'all beat us. I've been studying your moves. Oh? Hey, bro, go deep. I'm going to huck it hella far. That's not all you studied. What do you mean? Last night, I saw you taking pictures of my playbook. Why didn't you bust me? I thought it'd be more fun to outsmart you. So I switched direction on all the plays. So if we did cheat, we'd be lined up exactly wrong. But you didn't cheat. How come? Lewis. He's just such an ethical guy. He wouldn't let me cheat. All the Hellcats respect him so much. Ugh. Forget I asked. Oh, he's just so damn ethical. Mm-hmm. Such a huge... Moral foundation. Can we stop gushing about Lewis now? His strong, bulging sense of what's right Just really gets a girl's blood flowing. You're acting like such a bitch right now. We need to go to my place immediately. Heard you stopped the money. I'm... I'm sorry you had to see me like that, son. Desperate. Scared. That's no way for a son to see his father. I'm going to fix it. Yeah? Yeah. I'm going to get a job. Start pitching in. I'm not accepting money from you. Look, dad, I wasn't there when the family was in trouble, And that is no way for a father to see his son. So you want to get a job. Yeah. Any ideas? I got this one thing I've been kicking around, so. Ahh. Your fullback tips his run blocks. How you figure that, wonder boy? Well, every time he plants his right hand, He goes left, and left, he goes right. Linebackers are just reading it, filling the gaps. See? Son of a bitch. How did you see that? I'm a cheerleader. I watch all the games from the sidelines. That's right. I forgot. Hey, you have time to watch all this game footage yourself? Oh, well, what's it look like to you? Looks like you need some help. Hire me to log tape, hmm? I'll be your eyes and ears. I promise, you will not regret this. I'll work cheap. You're damn right you will. Here. Start with these. Yes, sir. Go on 5, 6, 7, 8. Hellcats, Hellcats rocked our world. Made us look like little girls. They beat us at the football game. Now we hang our heads in shame. Go, Hellcats! Go, Hellcats! Where is Vanessa? I can't believe she's missing this. The bid video winners are about to be posted on the site. She's in her office hitting refresh over and over. You think we got a shot? We pulled together. We're going to get that free ride to nationals. I can feel it. I hope you're right. There. Happy? Not yet. Lots more room on this memory stick. Next cheer, please. Keep it going. 5, 6, 7, 8. If we're lying, we're dying. No point in even trying. The Hellcats made us smell like that, We felt that victory touchdown. Go, Hellcats. There you go, babies. Go, Hellcats. Go cats! Whoo! Go 5, 6, 7, 8. There she is. What's wrong? I just found out the bid video results. Of the 15 slots, we placed 16th. Victory, go Hellcats! We didn't make the cut? We didn't. How do we pay for sectionals, let alone nationals? That's a fantastic question. Women: Milk, milk, lemonade. The Hellcats won the game we played. We couldn't make their defense budge, So we got served their victory fudge. Go Hellcats! Go Hellcats! Whoo! -- Sync by Rafael UPD -- www.addic7ed.com/ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 