Hellcats: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hellcats 
 s1e11 - Think Twice Before You Go - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hellcats (2010–2011): Season 1, Episode 11 - Think Twice Before You Go - full transcript 
 After the incident in the car, Dan issues Marti an ultimatum either admit she has feelings for him or their friendship is over. Marti drags a depressed Savannah to a BBQ to help lift her spirits. Savannah drinks a little too much and decides to flirt with the DJ, which puts her in a compromising position later that night. Marti decides to tell Savannah the truth about what happened between her and Dan. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Da's office. You're applying for a scholarship? I have one now. For cheerleading. Cheerleading? Oh. Hello, marti. Welcome to cheertown. I need 2 pre-law students to help me. A man was sentenced to life in prison For a minor burglary. My laptop was stolen from my dorm room. Hey, lewis, have you seen my laptop? I think somebody's been in here. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 No, you're not getting this. This is a warning from overton. You're not actually planning on flying At this mem-chris event, right? Of course I am. What about the baby? This performance gets us to nationals. I don't have a choice. Suppose you did. I didn't realize there was gonna be So many people with cameras. What's your hellcat family gonna say when they find out? We're gonna make damn sure they don't find out. Did you ever tell your mom you were in love with me? No. I mean, maybe. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Yeah. We need to talk about what happened. Nothing happened. You're dating my roommate. I'm not gonna let a stupid mistake hurt her. It didn't feel like a mistake to me. I need some space. Space? What does that mean? You and me. Apart. Why, did I do something wrong? I may not be fit relationship material. [sobs] get out. ♪ 1, 2, 3, 4 ♪ ♪ move to the left ♪ ♪ move to the right ♪ [rock music playing] ♪ whoa ♪ ♪ all I want is on the road again ♪ ♪ just can't wait to get on the road again ♪ ♪ the life I love is making music with my friends ♪ ♪ and I can't wait to get on the road again ♪ ♪ I can't wait to get on the road ♪ ♪ yeah ♪ ♪ yeah ♪ ♪ oh ♪ We don't leave for 2 days. I'm aware of that, thank you. But you're packing right now. I want my head clear for sectionals. Getting the packing out of the way Allows me to maintain focus. But you do concede it's a little strange. I concede nothing, ok. I've got a lot weighing on my mind right now. It's the first night of the barbecue festival, ladies. You interested? No, thanks. Oh, come on, savannah. Greasy meat and grown men in pig masks. It doesn't get better than that. I'm not interested, ok? [zips bag] Raincheck, frankie. Maybe we'll go another night. You know, it lasts all week. We're packing for sectionals right now. But that's in 2 days. I know the timetable. Thanks. Start talking. Now. I hit dan. I'm sorry. I slapped him, actually. Why? He broke up with me last night. Savannah. I don't really understand what happened. He said he wasn't relationship material, and he apologized, Which is weird because he didn't do anything wrong. I just wish I could talk to him about it. Marti, I don't know what I did. I'm sure you didn't do anything wrong. Give him some time. He'll come around, ok? What did you do, idiot? Good health to you as well. You hungry? I told you this wasn't sitting well. I don't like being a liar. I can't stay with savannah without full disclosure. You're not suggesting telling her you and I hooked up. That would be a disaster. We're at impasse, then. No, no. No impasse. You two are good together. You need to call her and make this right. We have talked about this. You are the center of the universe, aren't you? What? It's all about marti all the time. Right down to wanting to force two of her best friends To carry on a relationship Even though one of them is completely taken with someone else. Don't say that. Please. Let's just get back to normal. Ok. Hey, it's raining. It's cold. It's a perfect day for a funeral. It's also a good day for the truth. When I'm near you And I'm not stifling the urge to strangle you like I am right now, All I can think about is being with you. Holding you, kissing you, The whole unseemly pompatus of love. That doesn't work for us, dan. Remember the first time, you disappeared. I wasn't ready then. You and me work, m. As friends. I can't settle for that. You're starting to make this feel like an ultimatum. Good. Then I'm doing it right. Forget the past. Forget savannah and lewis. Right here, right now, you tell me the truth. I'm all in. Where are you? I'm not where you want me to be. Well, there we have it. I gotta get back to work. Dan. He turned his back on me And he just walked off. Good for him. What, you're taking his side? He has been your boyfriend without benefits For way too long. See, I don't consider this supportive. Men have 2 brains. Unfortunately, they only have enough blood To use one of them at a time, Which is when all the problems pop up. Now, it seems that our boy dan, When he's around you, He performs all the functions of a close friend. Blood's where it belongs. Then there's other times when he's around you And the blood flows to his other brain. Now, men have no control over this function. It's physiological. Did you major in junk science, mom? Interrupting only makes this last longer. Now, as I was saying, Dan is finally listening to his body, And it is yelling at him to be your boyfriend With full benefits. We can't. Why the hell not? We tried once and he took off for 6 months. Oh, boo-hoo. He came back, didn't he? As a friend. That's how I learned that friends stick around And boyfriends come and go. I could have told you that. I lost dan once. I'm not losing him again. Honey, you just did. You don't know what you're talking about. He will call. He always does. Till one day he doesn't. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hey, hey. You're a million miles away right now. You good? Uh, sorry. I didn't sleep well. I'm just wiped out. That's it. I'll be fine once sectionals is over And everything's back to normal. Are you sure it's just sectionals? Yeah. Yeah. You always talk a lot in your sleep. I what? What did I say? Don't do that. What did I say? You suck. Hey, everyone. Sorry to intrude on your day off. What do you mean sorry? The time-honored tradition is a privilege. They should make it on their calendars every year. Like income tax day. I hope you're that entertaining for the boosters. Um, what's with the fancy envelopes? Well, you all are-- well, the ladies are About to take part in a grand lancer tradition. At the lion's pride ball, the gold level boosters Tell me that the hellcats delivering their season football tickets Is the highlight of their year. We go to their place of business, Have some wine and cheese, schmooze, Move onto the next booster. But just the female cheerleaders. What are we, hooter girls? The boosters serve really nice snacks. What? Am I the only one here who feels exploited? Ms. Perkins, is it? As in perky? Like cheerleading. Before you dump on a time-honored tradition, You might want to remember that the booster donations Pay for your scholarship. This is just a simple thank you to them. So I expect to see nothing less than the hellcats spirit, Which, well, you're all supposed to be famous for. Make me and lancer proud. We'll split up into small groups. We'll cover as much ground as quickly as possible. So, this half is team one, This half, team two. Marti: Overton's furniture warehouse. Could you not loom over my shoulder? What's with the face? You got something against furniture wholesalers? No. No problem. So I think I've got a way to find out if bobby overton took our laptops. See, the hellcats deliver tickets every year To big boosters, And I got assigned to his store. So once I'm there, I can break away and snoop around. He'll recognize you. I'll be in a big group of other cheerleaders. Dressed in bare midriff tops and mini skirts? Yes, that does sound inconspicuous. Hey, look, I need my laptop back. This is worth a shot. When they make our story into a hollywood movie, I'm sure the cheerleader infiltration scene Will be a real tour de force for dakota fanning. What? I'm doomed to be miscast Unless a young orson welles suddenly becomes available. I will have a spitzer. So, did you read the post on draftwatch today? They are predicting that I could go early second round If I declare for the nfl draft. Why are they even ranking you? You still have a full year of playing eligibility at lancer. Because I'm good, alice, and they know I'm good. So, are you gonna declare for the draft? I'd like to. I mean, hell, if I went pro now, I'd probably get a few million in signing bonuses. I could buy you some 24 carat gold pompoms. You'd be riding pine for a long time in the nfl. Honestly, I don't mind riding pine. I mean, tom brady was a sixth round draft pick And look at him now. True. I guess the big question is, are you ready to leave lancer? Why, would you miss me? Jakey, if this is good for you, Then you should do it. You know, a guy could really get used to you. Well, if you're gonna long distance date someone, It might as well be an nfl star. Hmm. Come on, let's go. Bye. Morgan: Try not to embarrass yourself. Go! [pop] I'll do your laundry for 2 weeks. This is weird. Ok, folded and put away. 2 weeks? I'm in. Why do you want to get into this guy's office anyway? It's a long story. It has to do with my law case, And I think he's the guy who stole my laptop. And what if we get caught? I'll worry about that, ok? Just keep the boosters distracted And no laundry for 2 weeks. Including hand washing of the delicates? Mine, too. Fine. All righty then. Here we go, gentlemen. The moment we've been waiting for. Ha ha ha! Ok, the first lucky man is... Malcolm. Right over there. Whoo! [cheers and applause] [whistles] All right, and now, this one's for solomon. Here you go. Right there. [cheers and applause] Where did you put this thing? [cheers and applause] Ok, darling. Ok. Listen, I keep the good stuff in my office. Yes. One down, one to go. Enjoying yourself? Excuse me for a second. Mr. Overton. We came all this way for you And you're not even paying attention to us. Do you have any idea what that can do to a young girl's self-esteem? I'll be right back. Ok. I checked the printer cache, The only thing overton printed off Was from my legal folder. Great. He's just interested in the 3 strikes and travis case file. This is progress. Why are you looking so glum? I'm glad we're getting closer to overton, But my laptop's still missing. And I really wish I'd had time to look for both. I don't have the cash to replace it. It's getting kind of hard working on travis' case On borrowed computers. [gulps] Perhaps you could sneak back into the furniture store Disguised as a stripper-gram dancer. You see that sarcasm there? Or a birthday party clown. That's the reason You don't have more friends. Friends are overrated. Friends don't get you into law school. You probably think you and I are friends. I don't, actually. But we're not. You and I are a marriage of convenience. We're not a marriage of anything. All our sexy banter. We don't banter. The banter stops if we're ever on opposite sides. I will cut your throat in a heartbeat. What? Legally speaking. Ok, wow. I'm done here. Lawyers can't afford friends. Done listening. They why they make the shark jokes. [sighs] She digs me. [knocks on door] Hey. Hey. Thanks for seeing me. So, I saw draftwatch. Yeah. Early second round. Not bad. Next year will be even better. Well, I was hoping we could discuss my options. Options? I'm considering going pro. Leave lancer for greener gridirons. Is that it? [laughs] Well, got to think about my future. Me, too. Only the future I think about Is this athletic program. You know I care about lancer, But this is my life. What would that life be like right now If it weren't for me? I took enormous risks with you, Put my neck on the line, But that's what family does for family. We take care of our own. You know I think of you like a son, jakey. You know that, right? Yes, sir, I do. Lancer needs you. I need you. I'm sorry, but I'm ready to declare for the draft. [beeping] What is that? I kept a little souvenir of our adventure together. Why don't you watch that video? Then we'll discuss your future With a little more perspective. I know this is my third message. Ok, maybe fourth. No, you know, the first one, I got cut off, So the first and second one are really the same message. But I just want to say that I'm sorry for slapping you. I don't know what came over me. Maybe you can call me to tell me that you got this. Ok, hope you're having fun. You want to talk? Not really. Want to smile? No. Come on, turn that frown upside down. You know, the shortest distance Between 2 people is a smile. Will you knock it off? Positive outcomes only. Seriously, I'm gonna slap you. You know what? You're asking for it. Give me your hand. [scoffs] Come on. Let's hit up barbecue days tonight, Forget about all our troubles. Don't worry, be happy. Heh. Now you're talking. [country music playing] ♪ oh, it's been getting so hard ♪ ♪ livin' with the things you do to me ♪ ♪ I see a man at the back as a matter of fact ♪ ♪ and is eyes are as red as the sun ♪ ♪ and a girl in the corner, let no one ignore her ♪ ♪ 'cause she thinks she's the passionate one ♪ ♪ oh, it was like lightning ♪ ♪ everybody was frightening ♪ ♪ and the music was soothing ♪ ♪ and they all started grooving ♪ ♪ yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ and the man at the back said everyone attack ♪ ♪ and it turned into a ballroom blitz ♪ ♪ and the girl in the corner said, boy, I wanna warn ya ♪ ♪ it'll turn into a ballroom blitz ♪ ♪ ballroom blitz ♪ All right, everyone, tuck into those baby backs, folks, 'cause guess what? It's all on the house tonight Courtesy of the prime ministers of pork, This year's bronze medal winner, east street johnnies! So-eeeee! Take it away, corri. ♪ oh, yeah ♪ ♪ it was electric, so frightfully hectic ♪ Come on, ladies. Let's show these townies how it's done. ♪ stop breathing, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ and the man at the back... ♪ Hey, do you think dan would come to something like this? ♪ ballroom blitz ♪ Eh. Not really his scene. ♪ ballroom blitz ♪ Hey, think of this as a great way To just get him out of your head. We're here now, so live in the moment, all right? Hey, wanda. Hey, mom. ♪ it was like lightening ♪ Oh, excuse me. ♪ everybody was frightening ♪ Any word from dan? Leave it alone. ♪ yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ Charlotte. Hey. What are you doing here? Same as you hellcats. I'm here with the cyclones. We're letting off steam before we leave for sectionals. Should you be letting off steam in your condition? The doctor says it's fine for me to dance and cheer, But no flying. So I'm faking a back spasm And nasty kathy's taking my spot at sectionals. Have you told mom? No. She's gonna realize when you start to show. Don't push me. Ok? All right, let's give it up for brokedown cadillac. [cheers and applause] All right, listen up, everyone, I got something to tell you. Sign up for the dance contest. We got 500 bucks first prize. Sign your name with the pigs. Hell, yeah. 500 bucks could buy me a used laptop. I am all over that. ♪ well, I'm cruising down the line ♪ ♪ and I'm thinking of memphis ♪ ♪ top down, east bound, listening to elvis... ♪ You in? Sounds like fun. Watch yourself, charlotte. Getting awful chummy with little miss hellcat here. The squad's starting to wonder where your loyalty is. Kathy, listen. I know there's bad blood between us. I don't want to get in the way. Watch your ass on the dance floor. I hate nasty kathy. We don't hate anyone. But if we did, she'd be on the top of our list. ♪ devotion ♪ ♪ touch me, sparks gonna fly ♪ ♪ better wear gloves, baby's gonna start a fire ♪ N ladies and gentlemen, We have a lot of cheerleaders here tonight. So looks like we're gonna have ourselves a showdown at the hoedown. [cheers and applause] Best dancer takes home the prize. From the northside, we have a bunch of gals From the memphis-christian cyclones. Represent! [cheers and applause] And dancing out of the southside With what may be the cutest captain I've ever seen Are the lancer university hellcats. [cheers and applause] Oh, come on, let them hear it people, Because it's your applause that's gonna settle this dual. Raise the chandeliers and let the games begin! [cheers and applause] [playing "bring it on"] Oh! ♪ I've been talking trash all over town ♪ Emcee: Hellcats! ♪ been bragging about how you're taking me down ♪ Cyclones. ♪ well, anytime, anywhere, girl, I ain't scared ♪ ♪ name the place, I'm there ♪ Hellcats. ♪ acting like you're so tough ♪ Here she goes. ♪ better roll your sleeves up ♪ ♪ you got another thing coming ♪ ♪ thinking you're the one ♪ ♪ b-b-b-bring it on ♪ ♪ you got to bring everything you've got ♪ ♪ if you're gonna hit me, hit me with your best shot ♪ Hellcats! ♪ you think you're all b-b-b-bad to the bone ♪ ♪ b-b-b-bring it on ♪ Cyclones! ♪ those words you wear aren't in disguise ♪ Hellcats, what you got? ♪ but talk gets real cheap when you're sellin' lines ♪ ♪ let your little hair toss, worry about your lip gloss ♪ ♪ girl, I'm about to knock it off ♪ ♪ mouth is saying "you can't," uhh, take it like it man ♪ Oh, think my heart just skipped a beat. ♪ b-b-b-bring it on ♪ ♪ you better bring everything you got ♪ Cyclones, what you got? ♪ if you're gonna hit me, hit me with your best shot ♪ ♪ you think you're all b-b-b-bad to the bone ♪ ♪ b-b-b-bring it on ♪ ♪ baby, bring it on ♪ ♪ you better bring every little thing you got ♪ ♪ if you can take it, we can take it to the parking lot ♪ ♪ come on, hit me with your best shot ♪ ♪ you better bring everything you got ♪ ♪ if you're gonna hit me, hit me with our best shot ♪ ♪ you think you're all b-b-b-bad to the bone ♪ ♪ b-b-b-bring it, baby, b-b-b-bring it on ♪ ♪ bring it on ♪ ♪ huh ♪ ♪ bring it on ♪ [cheers and applause] Let's hear it for the contestants. All right, my little piggies, This pigometer over here's gonna tell us who the winner is. Here are the finalists. Graham. Marti. Whoo! Kathy. Colin. Give me some, alice. How about marco? Savannah. Welp, that leaves no doubt about it. We have ourselves a winner. My personal choice, oh, yes, the vix is in. Let's give it up for ms. Savannah monroe. Aah! [cheers and applause] This little lady is $500 richer. Hey. Peter lee beauregard. But my friends call me pete. I know you're suddenly rich and all, But can I buy you a drink? Oh, aren't you nice? But I have to go see my friends. Then can I buy you a drink? Yeah, maybe. We'll see. I'll be waiting. Hey. Congrats on the big win. Thanks. Are you ok? I'm feeling kind of nauseous. I think I should go home. Do you need help? No. Ok, well, tell her. Tell mom. Savannah, stop. Marti. For your new computer. Savannah, I can't. I've been so down in the dumps over dan, And you've been such a great friend. It's the least I can do. Take it. I'll pay you back. Not interested. Hey. What do you think of the emcee, pete? He's kind of corny. Just my speed, right? He invited me to have a drink. I think I might seriously consider his offer. Or you could just go. You're right. Why wait? Dan's not showing up. [sighs] I think I should get out of my head. Hey, thanks for the talk. ♪ so she took a break from 2 states ♪ ♪ south to the galveston shore ♪ ♪ when she found out he'd been living by the beach ♪ ♪ she found the sand ♪ ♪ the fishin' birds just stared at the gulf ♪ ♪ well, I broke my heel when that girl walked in ♪ ♪ with them tight fittin' jeans, makin' every head spin ♪ ♪ I guess you could say ♪ whoo! Look at that. ♪ I get a little jealous of my guy ♪ Yippee-kay-ay, petey b. ♪ guess I drank too much... ♪ All right, will you slow down? Remember the last time you got drunk? Yes, yes. Dan got beaten up and arrested. Here's hoping lightning strikes twice. Will you stop it? God. I gave you my computer money. Be nice. Believe me, this is being nice. Hey, ma'am. Hey, lewis. Sorry I'm late. Got stuck logging tape for red. ♪ sound of the song that'll keep me gone ♪ ♪ and I think I might have got me in trouble again ♪ Playing our song. ♪ I drive all night down the... ♪ Hey, I'm gonna dance with lewis. Will you watch savannah? Sure. ♪ and I'll be chasing... ♪ Hey there, nasty kathy. Why don't you have another drink? Watch her like a hawk. Affirmative. Whoo! Oh, yeah! ♪ I bet you shot of whiskey she don't mind ♪ ♪ well, it's my own damn fault ♪ Oh, this feels right. Yeah, it does. You know what's great about dating a cheerleader? We have amazing stamina? No. No, they like to dance. It's hard to find a guy who likes to dance. I have to have the right partner. Ooh, you're so smooth. Yes, yes, I am. [laughs] [chuckles] You know, I'm really glad We decided not to keep all this on the dl. Me, too. Otherwise I couldn't do this. ♪ I'll be driving all night down a darkened road ♪ ♪ if I try real hard I can beat him home ♪ ♪ and I'll be chasing my mood with a shot of jack daniels instead ♪ ♪ oh, that moose I shot... ♪ You're alice, right? Savannah's second. And you're... Nasty kathy. I don't like that nickname, ok? Sorry. Charlotte says you're ambitious, You'd like to run the hellcats. Can I assume that's true? Assume away. What's this? A web address For a video I think you'll enjoy. What's your beef with savannah? Nothing I'm gonna tell you about. You want my help or not? Not. I am savannah's loyal opposition. Emphasis on loyal. No offense, nasty kathy, you kind of skeeve me out. Suit yourself. Always do. ♪ a shot of jack daniels instead ♪ ♪ I know my mama and dad tried to teach me right ♪ ♪ but that grown arrest is such a pretty sight ♪ ♪ dancing alone... ♪ Hey. Where is she? How could you let her leave? I had to go pee. Have you seen her? Apparently she left with this emcee guy. Marti, in all fairness, They were having a good time. She was drunk. Alice: So? She's probably banishing those memories Of dear old dan as we speak. Thank you, all. Very helpful. It would be nice if you round everybody up And help me look for her. I'll check the food booths. Thanks. ♪ I'm gonna get my groove on ♪ ♪ with a shot of jack daniels ♪ ♪ turn this night into a red hot scandal ♪ ♪ chasin' it down with a shot of jack daniels ♪ ♪ yeah ♪ ♪ oh, yeah, yeah ♪ Oh. That was nice. But I should get back. Aw. What's your hurry, darling? You're really sweet, But, um, I should get back inside. My friends will probably want to leave soon. Well, hell, if that's it, It would be my pleasure to take you home. We can spend all night together. Watch the sunrise. I don't think my boyfriend would like that too much. Boyfriend? Doesn't matter to me. I'm really sorry. I have to go. [doors lock] Gotcha. I'm just playing with you. [pulls door handle] that's not funny. Come on, let me go. See, you're not playing fair. You can't just come out here and get me all worked up And then bail on me. I wasn't thinking. Please let me go. It's not right. Get off me. Gah! Get off! [whimpers] get off! Hey, help me! Hurry up. Open up! We're kind of busy in here. Please come back another time. No, I'm serious. It's an emergency. Please roll your window down. Roll your window down. What do you want? Savannah, look away. [spraying] Look away, look away. Get out of the car. [groaning] Get out. Come on. Get out of the car. [groaning] Come on, hurry up. Everyone kept telling me to lighten up, have fun. I thought random hooking up is what people do to have fun. Stupid, stupid, stupid. Savannah, you can't think like that. I can't do anything right. First dan leaves and doesn't say why, But it's gotta be me. No. No, savannah. Then when I try to get over him, I almost get date raped. What is wrong with me, marti? I'm stupid and prude and no one I like is ever gonna like me. Savannah, stop blaming yourself. I liked dan so much, marti. I hate that who I am just pushed him away. Savannah, it's not you. It's me. It's, um... It's my fault dan left. No, it's not. Yeah. Yeah, it is. That's crazy. Savannah, I'm dead serious. I don't understand. It's not because he doesn't have feelings for you. It's because he thinks he has feelings for me. Frankie: Where'd savannah go? There she is. Why are you saying that? Hey, savannah, are you ok? Marti, tell me. Not now, savannah. Marti, tell me. Now. I'm serious, marti. Tell me. One night last week, Dan and I were, um, We were together. You mean, physically? So you've both been lying this whole time? No, no, it was a mistake. We were both drunk and everybody-- Shut up. I don't want you to think it was something-- No, I said shut up! I think you should find another place to stay in cheertown. Permanently. Savannah, I'm sorry. Lewis, lewis, lewis, let me explain. Oh, I already heard, marti. You made a mistake. I made one of those with you. What do you know about a cheerleader the name of marti perkins? The name ring a bell? Well, bobby, what do I need to know about her? She's still poking her nose into the travis guthrie situation. Hey, uh, do you know dan patch? Yeah, sure. Good dude. Quit yesterday, though. Cleaned out his locker, said see ya. Yo, charlie! Nick lowe: ♪ people are remarking on the change ♪ ♪ that's come over me ♪ ♪ it can be explained very easily ♪ ♪ out of the blue someone's come into my lonely world ♪ ♪ and now I'm walking tall ♪ ♪ and if even I can find someone ♪ ♪ there's hope for us all ♪ [indistinct] All right, lewis. Darwin. ♪ I had a reputation as a stay-at-home so-and-so ♪ ♪ 'cause when my friends would call me up ♪ ♪ and say let's hit a club ♪ ♪ I'd tell 'em, no, no, no, no ♪ ♪ I must admit there were times ♪ ♪ when all I ever did was climb the wall ♪ ♪ but if even I can find someone ♪ ♪ there's hope for us all ♪ ♪ even if my darkest... ♪ Ok, cats, next stop louisville and sectionals. We perform like we've been practicing, Then no one can beat us. Wow, must have been some night last night. Hope y'all had fun 'cause it's time to get serious. Let's go. ♪ I walked a lonely street ♪ ♪ waiting for love to call ♪ [line rings] ♪ and if even I ♪ ♪ can find someone ♪ [cell phone rings] ♪ there's hope for us all ♪ [ring] [ring] ♪ da da ♪ [ring] ♪ da da da da da da ♪ [ring] Dan: Hey, this is dan. Leave it at the beep. [beep] Hey, um... Where are you? I need you. ♪ when all I ever did was climb the wall ♪ Please. ♪ but if even I, a feckless man ♪ ♪ who's thrown away every single chance he's ever had ♪ ♪ can find someone ♪ ♪ to check his fall ♪ ♪ there must be hope for us all ♪ ♪ whoa, if even I can find someone ♪ ♪ there's hope ♪ ♪ hope for us all ♪ www.tvsubtitles.net 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 