Hellcats: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hellcats 
 s1e5 - The Prisoner's Song - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hellcats (2010–2011): Season 1, Episode 5 - The Prisoner's Song - full transcript 
 Savannah talks the team into letting Dan direct their bid video against Alice's wishes, but when things don't go as planned, Savannah may have to forfeit her role as captain. Meanwhile, Marti decides to investigate further into Julian's case, and Red tells Derrick he plans to win Vanessa back, which prompts a fight between the two men. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Mom, what is this? It says my scholarship was canceled. You're applying for a scholarship? I have one now, for cheerleading. Cheerleading? Hello, marti. Welcome to cheertown. Yo, m. Meet new people. Don't drift. Never happen. We submit a bid video Directly to the national organization. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 If we win a bid, the national organization pays our full freight. I am allowed to be angry. I was in line for captain before perfect little savannah transferred in. Now I'm hurt and everyone is falling All over themselves helping marti take my place. No, no, no, I don't fall over myself for anybody. You fell for me once. Vanessa, I'm sure you remember the famous coach red raymond. So we're clear, I have a boyfriend. 10 years ago, we had an affair. Oh, god. The school found out about it And forced him to resign. Hey. Do you want to go out with me? Yeah! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Do you have a thing for dan? What? Because if you do, I'll back off. Dan and I are just buds, that's it. I really like you, dan. I think you're really, really funny. I'm not even your type. And I'm not yours. But hey, we got that in common. Ohh! Whoa! Ohh! Oww! What the hell, dan patch?! And good morning to you, as well. What are you doing here? Oh, hi, marti. We were up late watching old movies. Ok. That's fine. I didn't know we were at the sleeping over stage. A little warning would have been nice. Oh, come on, m. You and I have been crashing at each other's places Since we were in diapers. I still wear 'em occasionally. It's liberating. this guy. Don't let him think you think he's funny. I'm gonna get some coffee. The mugs are labeled. Don't take anyone's Except mine or savannah's. And the lancer mugs are only for alumni. Except when it rains on tuesdays. I didn't laugh. But I really wanted to. Look, we need to set some ground rules. I'm still adjusting to the whole idea of you and my best friend Throwing sleep over pajama parties. Look, if he's here as your guest, He's your responsibility, ok? Understood. The last thing we want is for you to feel weird. Too late on that one. Enjoying the show? I don't like what you're implying. Human beings have 180 field of vision, If you count peripheral, which I do. I happen to be facing this direction. My eyes have to rest somewhere. I invite you to do the biological math. Marti's law partner, right? Yes. Morgan pepper. Do your career plans include making jurors like you? Not necessarily. Lucky for you. Ha ha. I'm so burned. Cheer up, morgan. I bet the prison inmates will like you just fine. Wait, you're visiting a prison? Yeah. It's for this law case that professor has us working on. This guy got 80 years for a smash and grab at a pharmacy. 80? It was his third strike. We're trying to get the law overturned. We gotta get the client to sign some papers. It's not a big deal. Hey, I'll see you at practice. All right. See you later. Did you see how territorial he was? He's obviously not used to other alpha males coming in here. Right. Hey. Hi. There you go. Traditional irish breakfast. Ooh, it's swimming in grease. Helps stick to your ribs. What's this, another bid video? Yeah. We're scheduled to shoot this tomorrow And I want to be up on the competition. Haven't you seen enough of these by now? I guess I'm just nervous. We've been rehearsing for weeks, But I still feel like we haven't gotten it yet. Well, maybe it's not the routine. You ever thought about spicing up the presentation? How so? For one thing, this is static. Would it kill these guys to move the camera? Well, there's no rule that says you can't. But you want to make sure it doesn't look fake. If you use close-ups, it could look like You didn't do your own stunts. No, I'm talking about adding a little motion To enhance the drama. You know, pump some atmospherics into the room, Maybe blast some light. You know, make the bodies glow. And the gym setting. There's no romance to it, it's bland. It's not bland. Exactly. Ok, yeah, it's a little bland. Do you want to go into practice with me? Why? Just to be a fly on the wall. Vanessa's always telling us to change things up. That's why we brought marti on board. Maybe we need to rethink. Do you mind? Sure. Why not. I'm not going to talk, though. You don't have to. I just want fresh eyes. Then you shall have them. Mmm. Thanks! Ok, so listen, if we raft the upper pigeon Right here, we are going to hit some serious class 4 rapids. I mean, you know, it's going to be A little more challenging, but-- Red raymond's here again. Oh. Just ignore him, vanessa. There are 3 pubs and a coffee house on this campus. Why does this have to be his hangout? We should find another breakfast place. This is ridiculous. Wait, what are you doing? Inviting him to come join us. what?! No. We're on campus together, vanessa. We all work in the athletic department. So we just need to, you know, Normalize our interactions. Oh, normal-- we're not normalizing anything. This will be healthy. Trust me. I'm a doctor. Hey, doc. Hey, coach. Vanessa and I saw you sitting over here alone, And we thought we'd invite you to come join us. Well, that's very kind of you. Yeah, I have to be honest-- She's been feeling a little weird with you back on campus. I mean, given your past and all. She finally told you about that. It was hard for her. But I'm sure it must be hard for you, too. Coming back, given the history. I mean, having a marriage break up. I sympathize. You're a good guy, doc, and I respect you. That's why I'm not comfortable accepting your invitation; Not without full disclosure. Disclosure? I came back to lancer with designs on vanessa. What? I'm planning on winning her back. You didn't have to hit him. He disrespected you, vanessa. He said he was going to win you back. He did? Yeah. Like you were some kind of football trophy. He was just messing with your head. Yeah, and why would he do that? Oh, I don't know, to get a rise out of you, Goad you into doing something stupid. Oh, great, so now I'm stupid? You are affiliated with the athletic department, And the university hospital. Red is a multimillion dollar hire. He's got clout with the trustees, And you just gave him justification to have you fired! So, yes, my love, You were stupid just now. You have to go back and apologize. Not gonna happen. Ok, I don't think you're hearing me. What is wrong with you? I don't like prisons. Have you ever been in one before? No. Up until today it was an irrational phobia. Mr. Guthrie, my name is marti perkins. This is morgan pepper. We were sent here on behalf-- I don't care who you are. And you don't care who I am. We have releases for you to sign To give us access to your psych evaluation And therapist records. And we do care about you. I don't need no more of julian's little doggies Coming around wagging their tails And acting like they're going to do something to change my life. Just give me the pen. Here you go. So initial here, And then there's a signature here... And there. Do you have any questions about what you're signing? Not really. Jeez, marti. Just let him sign. I'm sure he has things to do. So I've-- I've studied your case. I know you're a street musician. That's not right. I used to be a musician. And then one day I was sitting outside of williamson park And a cop come up and grabbed me, Telling me that I look like some guy that they liked for a robbery And they needed me for a line-up. Didn't take it too seriously Till he put his foot right through my guitar. Not an alex chilton fan, apparently. Who? Who's alex chilton? Hmm? get this kid away from me. Well, chilton was the lead singer of the box tops, Founder of big star. I don't listen to pop music. He went to school like 7 blocks from here on poplar. not bad. The replacements wrote a song about him. Well, now you're just showing off. You play? A little. Well, quit that, learn a trade. You don't want to be where I am, not ever. I know how frustrated you feel. But julian is smart and he's going to help you. We're hoping to get your sentence reduced. Oh, well, lucky me. I shouldn't have been convicted in the first place. I got screwed by the system. Public defender didn't care. Julian doesn't care. Nobody does, really. And that's what I call frustrating. And you, blondie, have no idea what I feel. I'm sorry. And I'm innocent. Neither thing makes a difference in my life. We're done. L.U.! We can tell you! Way to keep above it! Keep your hands up! Let's get it started! L.U., just stand up! Show 'em where your heart is! we are young... l.U.! Wait, wait, wait, wait. Why are you moving the camera? If we mix it up a little, our video might stand out more. Or it might suck. It's just a little swish pan. It'll make it interesting. Right? Don't speak. Don't speak. That's the theory. Yeah. uh, we're taking marching orders from your boyfriend? He's a filmmaker. Ohh. How many bid videos have you made? Not a one. I've made four. So I think I know a little bit more about them than you. But thanks for stopping by. Door's that way. that's pretty myopic. myopic? Who talks like that? Look, from what I hear, you guys are being forced to compete Against the best teams across the nation. Alice can't fly and marti's still a little green. The hellcats aren't showing At their full potential. On an even playing field, You lose. Ok, all savannah's suggesting Is to change up the paradigm In order to give y'all a better shot at winning. The deadline is 48 hours away. This is no time to be reinventing the wheel. He's only talking about changing up the presentation. You guys ever think about filming outside? Be more visually dramatic. Why is he talking about anything, savannah? Where'd you find this loser? Oh, right. He's marti's hand-me-down. Hey! You mean like lewis handed you down to jake? what do you know? We're all following some confused virgin getting high Just 'cause some guy actually looked at her. Well, I may not be easy like you, but-- Do we really need to be getting personal here? This is personal. There's a lot riding on this bid video. Scholarships are on the line-- yours included! Is that a joke? Since when did you ever care about anybody's scholarship? I care about the team, lewis. And that includes you. And that's why I think this should be a group decision. All those in favor of playing it safe And doing the video the way it has always been done, Raise your hands. I'm the captain, I like dan's ideas. We're doing them. I'm not going to let you bulldoze us. Where are you going? Over your head--to vanessa. Alice, don't do this. Alice! Take five, everyone! Oh, make it ten! You could you vote against savannah? I was kinda voting against you. Why? Look, I don't know what makes a cheerleading video good or bad. Move the camera, shoot it on the moon, Whatever. But I do know that if your plan backfires, The bobbleheads will blame savannah, they will blame you, And they will blame me. That's a pretty gigantic assumption. Yeah, well, I brought you to cheertown, So you're my responsibility. I'm trying to help. Savannah asked for my advice, so I gave it. Do you really think she'd ask for your advice If you weren't her boyfriend? Does it matter? See, the hellcats are the beatles. Savannah is john lennon. Alice is co-captain, So she's paul mccartney. They've got this rivalry going that has to be kept in check, Or could break up the band. But you, you're not really in the band. John listens to your ideas, Not because they're right or wrong, but more because you're showering together. I don't think I care for this particular metaphor. Sorry, dude. You're yoko. I'm not going to help you break up the world's greatest rock and roll band. See you at practice. Hmm. I had a feeling You'd come looking for me. How's your chin? It hurts. Good. I'd heard derrick was mature And level-headed, so you can imagine my surprise When he flew off the handle like that. You've never been surprised by anything. In your life. Oh, are you trying to say I did this on purpose? It occurred to me. Well, if so, that makes derrick the sucker. If not, he's a violent guy who flies off the handle when challenged. Begs the question-- The kind of fellow you want to be with? Derrick's a good man. He's a dedicated, talented doctor. He works hard. And I don't want you doing anything to hurt his career. Promise me. I promise I won't do anything To hurt his career. You have my word. Thank you. You look really good, by the way. Vanessa, we have a problem. Yeah, you. She is out of control. Looks like you have bigger fish to fry. Top of the day, coach. Ladies. Ok, my office, now! She shouldn't even be the captain. I was elected fair and square! Only because vanessa strong-armed everyone into voting for you! Well, I did not strong-arm anyone. You're delusional! People didn't vote for you Because they don't like you, alice! They never have! Ok! That's enough. This video has to be in the judge's hands in 48 hours. We don't have time to be at each other's throats. We need to work together as a team. Well, tell that to her. She's the one screwing up the bid video! That's a matter of opinion! Either approach is valid. I've seen both of them work. So you have a choice to make. Which is why we elected a captain; to unite and lead. Exactly. So you're taking her side. Ut you do have to follow the captain's lead. Put a big smile on your face. Got it? Got it. Go spread that gospel. Hold on, savannah. How close was the vote? about half and half. You're losing them. Well, it's their responsibility to keep up! And it's your responsibility to lead. Cheerleading is about teamwork. When you throw a flier 25 feet in the air, What keeps her smiling? Trust. She knows her teammates will catch her. That's right. So if the team doesn't you, The whole squad falls apart. I'd work on that. Hey, bill. You punched my coach?! Mr. Marshall, I can explain-- What the hell is wrong with you? I want your tail in my office now. Well, I'm meeting with vanessa, so-- now! Oh, hell. Lancer has a code of conduct. Faculty brawling is not the image We wish to convey to the boosters. You have dealt this school and the university hospital A black eye. Effective immediately, You are persona non grata at lancer. You are dead to us, dr. Altman. Dead as disco. Bill-- hush, red. What do you have to say for yourself? I shouldn't have lost my temper, bill. Damn right. It was extremely immature, And for that, I do apologize. I understand your position, and, uh, I'll go quietly. If you don't tell him, I will. You'll do no such thing. Screw you, bill. What's going on? Derrick, you're getting promoted. I'm--what? Thanks a lot, red. Trying to have a little fun, A little horse play with my new doctor of athletics, And you have to go and wreck it. Wait a second-- You're promoting me? Yes. You are staff. Full time, covering all sports teams Including the hellcats. I wouldn't want to tear you away from your little lady. I don't know what to say, bill. Well, you can thank the coach here For turning the other cheek And lobbying on your behalf. But when you came in, just now, your face? Hilarious. I had you. Who wants a drink? Why would you help me out like this? I kinda figure I owed you one. He "owed you one"? It's a good offer, vanessa. Big raise. This is everything that I have ever worked towards. But you're thinking of accepting? Could you do that, work for red? I'd be working alongside red, but not for him, ok? Besides, keep your enemies close, right? Yeah, he's probably thinking the same exact thing. Well, let him. I could sure handle that guy. Hmm. What's that? What? Hmm, it's a noise. You don't think I can handle Red raymond? I didn't say that. No, really, I want to hear this. He's a coach. He strategizes for a living. Well, good for him, vanessa. I ranked nationally on my college chess team. Red used to fleece the speed chess hustlers that hung out in bartlett park. Ok, you don't want to give him a chance to get in your head. Drive a wedge. Between us? You really think that little of me? I just think that we should talk about it. Just look at all the angles. Well, fine, we can talk about it as much as you want to, But right now I'm a little bit more interested In this, oh, I don't know lack of respect That I'm feeling from you. Are you feeling it? I have enormous respect for you! I love you. It's just--see this? He's already got us fighting. Oh, I believe you've got us fighting. Here are the forms travis signed. Thank you. Was there something else? Yeah. He says he's innocent. Well, they all do. But he has been tried and convicted. That part of the case is over. Yeah, but if he's telling the truth, we need to do something. Overturning a conviction is incredibly difficult, And it's off-topic. off-topic? Yeah, we're interested in the punishment, not the crime. Travis was given a cruel and unusual prison sentence For a minor offense. Yeah, a minor offense he may not be guilty of. Look, he's lost his whole life; his identity. Trust me, the man is broken. If there's even the slightest chance that he's innocent-- Doing what you're suggesting requires resources I don't have. And travis is in no position to pay his own legal bills. Are you... Volunteering to pay? No. Hmm. I took this case to get a law overturned. An unjust law that victimizes many, many people. Every year. What we're doing here is bigger than travis. Well, I thought you cared about him. Don't you want to get him out of prison? Reducing his sentence gets him out While he's still young enough To enjoy what's left of his life. Right. Now, if travis doesn't like My game plan, he's more than welcome to fire me And find another lawyer. If you pass the bar one day, You can take up his cause. Why wait till then? I can't believe you offered my boyfriend a job! you said he was talented. You promised to leave him alone! I promised not to hurt his career. And I think helping a guy Get a lucrative promotion Fits firmly within both the letter And spirit of that promise. Ok, I'm sick of the games. Me, too. But you play the hand that you're dealt. I'm with derrick. I'm not interested. Why can't you get that through your head? And you're walking away. Why are you walking away? Because you ask a fair question. Sit down. Sit down. 10 years ago, you and I behaved Badly. People got hurt. Eventually I came to terms with it. And when I got run out of town on a rail, I realized, it was probably a blessing in disguise. Best thing for me to do, put it all behind me. Lancer and this marriage I screwed up, And especially you. Moving on. That's healthy. See, the thing is, that didn't happen. I've been in many relationships since, And not one of those women had what you have. Your kindness. Your strength. Your immensity of spirit. Oh, please. I'm serious. I don't think that you realize how unique you are. But your cheerleaders do. Red... Look, derrick's got the job that he's always wanted. Success allows people to become who they truly are. And if you're with the right guy and it's derrick, You're going to know soon enough. But if he's not... Well, I'll be in the vicinity When you figure that out. You were right. This is visually dramatic. I know, I mean look at these geometric shapes. It's going to look perfect up against your pyramids. You know, cheerleading is all about spirit, So it's like an urban cathedral. You know, and the way the overpass softens the light, You guys are going to look fantastic. You really love this, don't you? Yeah, I do. Look, just one thing, though. Are you sure everyone's ok with me doing this? They'll come around when they see the finished product. I believe in you. Ok, then. Let's do this. Ok, everybody. Here we go! I'm rollin'. On your cue, yeah? Darwin: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8. 1, 2, 3, 4... ♪ windows down, pedal to the sneakers ♪ ♪ turn up the volume, blow out the speakers... ♪ Guys, let's just reset. We'll go again. All right. Action. ♪ I broke free ♪ ♪ cast away ♪ oh. Whoa. ♪ won't find me ♪ ok. ♪ and now you're never gonna break me down ♪ ok. ♪ gonna break me down ♪ ♪ this is all ♪ up. ♪ I can take ♪ whoa. Whoa. ♪ so, farewell ♪ are you ok? ♪ 'cause you're never gonna find me now ♪ ♪ gonna find me now ♪ Come on, guys. Get up. Bad idea. ♪ we are young ♪ ♪ whoa ♪ ♪ we are young ♪ ♪ whoa ♪ 1, 2, 3, 4... ♪ we drink and we fight ♪ ♪ and we love just because ♪ good. ♪ we are numb ♪ ♪ whoa ♪ ♪ we're on the run ♪ ♪ whoa ♪ ♪ and you're never gonna chase us down ♪ Guys, let's just do it again. ♪ we are young ♪ ♪ hey! ♪ ♪ dance with the devil... ♪ I can piece it together to cover it. You guys gotta hit the tricks. I just don't think their head's in it. ♪ at least I can say I tried ♪ ♪ right ♪ come on. ♪ so, fathers don't let go of your daughters ♪ ♪ we take what we want, we don't borrow ♪ ♪ think I found a message in a bottle ♪ whoa! ♪ it says, "drink me, drown your sorrows" ♪ ♪ I broke free ♪ ♪ cast away ♪ It's just too much confusion. ♪ won't find me ♪ ♪ and now you're never gonna break me down ♪ ♪ gonna break me down... ♪ come on, people. Let's work together. ♪ this is all ♪ ♪ I can take ♪ ♪ so, farewell ♪ ♪ 'cause you're never gonna find me now ♪ ♪ gonna find me now ♪ Good. Hellcats! Whoo! ♪ we are young ♪ hellcats: L.U.! ♪ we are young ♪ ♪ whoa ♪ ♪ we drink and we fight ♪ ♪ and we love just because ♪ ♪ we are numb ♪ ♪ whoa ♪ ♪ we're on the run ♪ ♪ whoa ♪ ♪ and you're never gonna chase us down ♪ ok. I can loop in better cheering. What about the smiles? ♪ we are young ♪ Nobody's smiling. ♪ young, young ♪ ♪ whoa ♪ ♪ we are young ♪ ♪ young, young ♪ ♪ whoa ♪ ♪ we are young ♪ uhh! Ahh. ♪ young, young ♪ ♪ whoa ♪ ♪ and you're never gonna chase us down... ♪ Is it bad? It's ok. I can-- It's gonna be fine. Are you ok? Yeah. It's just a little twist. Savannah, this is all your fault. Wh--I wasn't anywhere near him. Savannah, you're the one who brought us here. Ok? Come on. All right, enough. Enough. Guess what? We're done for today. Ok? And you, I want you off that ankle. Go ice it. But I don't think we have everything. Well, darwin's injured. There's no routine without him. So, we're gonna have to make do with what we have. Great. That's good. Oh, yoko. You're awfully quiet. I'm freaking out about this bid video. Not going well? Let's just say I'm worried. Savannah and dan are assembling the footage now. I just wish we weren't cutting it so close. We have to get this out before the last fedex pickup. You're gonna make it work. Well, I better get to the hospital for rounds. Hold on. I've been going back and forth about this job thing. The job thing, yes. I know how important it is. It is a big opportunity-- I already accepted the job, vanessa, This afternoon. What? I thought we agreed to talk about it some more. It's my career, my decision. Listen, I weighed it out very carefully. I did. And I just decided there wasn't much to talk about. I'll see you at home? Look, I know it's a little cutty. It's a disaster. Why all the edits? The stunts look fake. You guys never got the stunts perfect. I had to cut between performances to make it work And to remove the cursing. Everybody looks so angry. man. I've been texting you for an hour. We've been dealing with the bid video. What's wrong? I mean, what else is wrong? Look, you need a heads-up. There's a squad meeting happening over at carter hall. Alice, she's staging a coup. She's calling a no-confidence vote. "no confidence" in what? In me. Come on, man, find marti. Savannah's gonna need her vote. We all know the bid video crapped out. She'll put a spin on it, but come on. We need new blood. Did I miss a memo? The squad isn't happy. Article 3 of the ccaa cheer constitution Says that we can call a no-confidence vote. A 2/3 majority puts you out. And you in. I'm the second. You all know I've got seniority. I realize I may not be the most popular person around here, But this is not a popularity contest. This is about doing what is best for the team. And what's best is a change-- Right here, right now. Like me or not, I will put this team back on track. I promise you that. But shouldn't we actually See the bid video before making up our minds? Yeah. Fair enough. Savannah, how is the bid video? Do you have any footage to show us? Alice is right. It's terrible. She's also right about me being a bad leader. I felt like people were attacking dan, and I got emotional, And I steamrolled you all. I thought dan's ideas were good. I still do. But I failed to inspire you. I let the team fracture. So, for that, yeah. I deserve to be replaced. I make a motion to call a no-confidence vote in our captain. Do I have a second? Second. Is the video really that bad? The moves weren't there. But the worst part was is that it wasn't fun to watch. There was no heart, no joy. Can't we redo it? We can't make the deadline to fedex it. Pickup is in 10 minutes from now. Plane. What? We buy a plane ticket. One of us flies with the submission packet, And we carry it into the national office in aspen when it opens tomorrow. That's...Genius. Ok, we need to find out when the last flight takes off. Frankie? On it. Ok. Wait. You're going with my idea? It's a good idea. Yes. Frankie: Ok. So, the last flight to aspen Takes off at 7:40. It's 5:50 now. Which means no time to edit or add music. We do it old school-- Stationary camera on a tripod. Plug directly into the camera and lay the music track live. Dan has the graphics built. Darwin, how's your sprain? I've been icing it. I can probably make it through once. Perfect. We don't have time for more than once. Look who I found at the bus stop. I had a thing to do for law class. It can wait. Did I miss the vote? No, no vote. Not yet. We can do this, guys, but only if we're in it together. Agreed. And afterwards? We vote. Punch it? Punch it. All: Hellcats! All right, suit up! Every second counts! Chop-chop! Dan, please tell me you have your camera. Yeah. It's in my truck. Get it. You have 4 minutes. Audio cables now! ♪ windows down ♪ [all cheering] ♪ pedal to the sneakers ♪ ♪ turn up the volume, blow out the speakers ♪ ♪ best clothes on, goin' down on fire ♪ ♪ turn the lights off ♪ ♪ turn the music higher ♪ now! ♪ I broke free ♪ ♪ cast away ♪ ♪ won't find me ♪ ♪ and now you're never gonna break me down ♪ ♪ gonna break me down ♪ ♪ this is all ♪ ♪ I can take ♪ ♪ so, farewell ♪ ♪ 'cause you're never gonna find me now ♪ ♪ gonna find me now ♪ yeah. ♪ we are young ♪ ♪ whoa ♪ ♪ we are young ♪ ♪ whoa ♪ ♪ we drink and we fight ♪ ♪ and we love just because... ♪ How's it going? Good. Hang in there. ♪ we're on the run ♪ ♪ whoa ♪ ♪ and you're never gonna chase us down ♪ ♪ we are young ♪ ♪ hey! ♪ ♪ dance with the devil, don't be shy ♪ ♪ shy ♪ ♪ nothing's gonna stop us, we can't die ♪ ♪ die ♪ ♪ sleepin' in a bed, waking up outside ♪ ♪ at least I can say I tried ♪ ♪ right ♪ ♪ so, fathers don't let go of your daughters ♪ ♪ we take what we want, we don't borrow ♪ ♪ think I found a message in a bottle ♪ ♪ it says, "drink me, drown your sorrows" ♪ ♪ I broke free ♪ ♪ cast away ♪ ♪ won't find me ♪ ♪ and now you're never gonna break me down ♪ ♪ gonna break me down ♪ ♪ this is all ♪ ♪ I can take ♪ ♪ so, farewell ♪ ♪ 'cause you're never gonna find me now ♪ ♪ gonna find me now ♪ ♪ we are young ♪ ♪ whoa ♪ ♪ we are young ♪ ♪ whoa ♪ ♪ we drink and we fight ♪ ♪ and we love just because ♪ ♪ we are numb ♪ ♪ whoa ♪ ♪ we're on the run ♪ ♪ whoa ♪ ♪ and you're never gonna chase us down ♪ ♪ we are young ♪ ♪ young, young ♪ ♪ whoa ♪ ♪ we are young ♪ ♪ young, young ♪ ♪ whoa ♪ ♪ we are young ♪ ♪ young, young ♪ ♪ whoa ♪ ♪ and you're never gonna chase us down ♪ ♪ we are young ♪ Hellcats: L.U.! We can tell you! Way to keep above it! Keep your hands up! Let's get it started! L.U., just stand up! Show them where your heart is! ♪ we are young ♪ l.U.! ♪ we are young ♪ L.U.! ♪ we drink and we fight ♪ ♪ and we love just because ♪ rip it up and down! Hey! ♪ we are numb ♪ claws up in the air! ♪ we're on the run... ♪ do the lancer tear! Ha! Claws up in the air! Do the lancer tear! L.U.! ♪ we are young ♪ Blue and gold! You know where it's at! Come on, let's hear it for the... hellcats! ♪ we are young ♪ ♪ whoa ♪ ♪ we are young ♪ ♪ whoa ♪ ♪ we drink and we fight ♪ ♪ and we love just because ♪ ♪ we are numb ♪ ♪ whoa ♪ ♪ we're on the run ♪ ♪ whoa ♪ ♪ and you're never gonna chase us down ♪ ♪ we are young ♪ ♪ if I'm doin' this right ♪ ♪ I'll be leavin' tonight ♪ ♪ I got my bags packed tight ♪ ♪ oh, oh, oh ♪ ♪ so many reasons to leave ♪ ♪ I got my hands on my keys ♪ ♪ yeah, I'll be leavin' tonight ♪ ticket, video, Ok. All right. Great. ♪ oh, oh, oh ♪ ♪ we are young ♪ ♪ whoa ♪ ♪ we are young ♪ ♪ whoa ♪ ♪ we drink and we fight... ♪ just plotting this airport.Around traffic. Look, alice, about what I said before, About no one liking you-- save it. We're still taking a no-confidence vote. Well, for what it's worth, I'm sorry. And it's not true. I don't care what people think of me. I get things done. Ok, then. Let's go. ♪ we are young ♪ She made the flight with 10 minutes to spare! Hell, we had time to film a sequel. Are we good? Yeah. Yeah, we're good. Good. I mean, uh, look. I'm glad you're with savannah. I hope you make each other happy. But? Just be careful. If things go south with savannah, it's gonna blow back on me. I mean, are you guys gonna get serious? I don't know. But I promise you I'll be careful. Do that. I'd hate to see us lynched by an angry mob of cheerleaders. Ooh. Pitchforks and pompoms? Well, they'd soak them in kerosene, obviously. Obviously. Yeah. you off? Yeah. I still gotta run my errand. Is this errand musical in nature? Sort of. I've missed having you to myself. Call that a guitar? Hey, I'm not wealthy. They said you could play it here, But you can't take it back with you. 'cause I'd hang myself with the strings. Where's your sidekick? I left him with a baby-sitter. Hey, I want you to tell me everything that happened that night-- Everything you remember, no matter how small, Anything you didn't tell the police. Why? I looked into your case, and you were right. The public defender was inexperienced and overloaded, And I'm not convinced you got a fair shake. So, you think I'm innocent? I don't know. But everybody deserves to be heard. Does julian know about this? No. And I'd like to keep it that way. Hmm. Well, you're not gonna accomplish anything. Probably not, but I'll keep bringing the guitar. Well, that's a good deal. Hell, I could use the company. ♪ gimme a ticket for an aeroplane ♪ ♪ ain't got time to take a fast train ♪ ♪ lonely days are gone ♪ ♪ I'm a-goin' home ♪ ♪ my baby just a-wrote me a letter ♪ Both: ♪ I don't care how much money I gotta spend ♪ ♪ got to get back to my baby again ♪ ♪ lonely days are gone ♪ ♪ I'm a-goin' home ♪ ♪ my baby just a-wrote me a letter ♪ ♪ well, she wrote me a letter ♪ Time to vote ♪ said she couldn't live without me no more ♪ Yellow for Savannah, blue for Alice ♪ listen, mister ♪ ♪ can't you see I got to get back ♪ ♪ to my baby once more ♪ ♪ anyway, yeah ♪ ♪ gimme a ticket for an aeroplane ♪ ♪ ain't got time to take a fast train ♪ ♪ lonely days are gone ♪ ♪ I'm a-goin' home ♪ ♪ my baby just a-wrote me a letter ♪ ♪ well, she wrote me a letter ♪ ♪ said she couldn't live without me no more ♪ ♪ listen, mister ♪ ♪ can't you see I got to get back ♪ ♪ to my baby once more ♪ ♪ anyway, yeah ♪ ♪ gimme a ticket for an aeroplane ♪ ♪ ain't got time to take a fast train ♪ ♪ lonely days are gone ♪ ♪ I'm a-goin' home ♪ ♪ my baby just a-wrote me a letter ♪ ♪ my baby just a-wrote me a letter ♪ www.addic7ed.com Sync by Lunardelli Re sync by Bordelais for Immerse version 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 