Hellcats: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hellcats 
 s1e7 - The Match Game - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hellcats (2010–2011): Season 1, Episode 7 - The Match Game - full transcript 
 Desperate to raise funds to get them to Nationals, the Hellcats plan a date auction. However, things take a unexpected turn after Savannah's old boyfriend Noah shows up and outbids Dan, Morgan wins a date with a horrified Marti and Vanessa is bid on by a mystery man whom she suspects is Red trying to win her back. Vanessa frets over whether to tell Derrick about the date as the money will cover the trip to Nationals for the Hellcats. Meanwhile, Lewis continues to keep a secret from the team. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You sure school's worth all this? I'm going to graduate, pass the bar up north, And work in a d.A.'s office where everybody talks In flat yankee vowels. You're applying for a scholarship? I have one now for cheerleading. Cheerleading? Oh. Hello, marti. Welcome to cheertown. I need 2 prelaw students to help me. A man been sentenced to life in prison for a minor burglary. If there's even the slightest chance that he's innocent-- 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I took this case to get a law overturned. If you pass the bar one day, You take up his cause. Why wait till then? Vanessa, I'm sure you remember the famous coach red raymond. So we're clear, I have a boyfriend. Things change. That boy is charming, But he's not serious, and certainly not about you. This conversation officially sucks. You go through that door, there is no comin' back. I just found out the bid video results. Of the 15 slots, we placed 16th. How do we pay for sectionals, let alone nationals? That's a fantastic question. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I owe you one. Thanks for the save. Well, you're my new flier. Gotta look out for each other. www.addic7ed.com Sync by: Lunardelli Woman: Ever since she was a little girl, Jemma linkletter dreamt of being a cheerleader. She dedicated her life to the sport, Working each day to achieve her dream, And that dream became a reality The day jemma joined the western tennessee state mustangs. That is, until disaster struck. Court announcer: Everyone stay seated. Paramedic: Keep her still. Woman: Don't try to talk. Court announcer: She's cheering from her stretcher. What a brave little cheerleader. Hi. My name is jemma linkletter, And cheerleading is still my life. My dream to win a bid for nationals will never die, ♪ make me believe ♪ ♪ that you are with me ♪ ♪ can I believe in you? ♪ ♪ can I believe in you? ♪ ♪ well, you came back to me at last... ♪ Alice: What a bunch of sentimental crap. Those are the jokers that beat us? Nothin' like a kid in a wheelchair To stir up cheap sentiment. Savannah: Their stunting is terrible. No, wait. Look. Here's where she pops the wheelie. wow. Yeah. Can you turn that off, please? I can't take any more. Really. Oh, no. I had a broken wrist. I had a broken wrist. That could have been all of you pushing me in that wheelchair. We would never have been that cynical. Ok. Ok, let's focus, all right? Now that we've lost our free ride to nationals, We have to take the scenic route. The sectionals are in louisville In 3 weeks. If we're going, We have to get there on our own dime, Which means we need $5,000, and we need ideas. Well, hey, my gymnastics coach held a back-flip-a-thon Whenever we needed new team leotards. People would pledge a quarter per back flip. Well, do the math. $5,000 means 20,000 back flips. I don't know. Wait up. Y'all ever seen A date auction before? What's that? Oh, it's a great idea. Each of us plans her own date, And then we go out with the highest bidder. I'm tellin' you, the football team has one every year. Makes a ton of money. Really? Yeah. Well, then let's get busy, ok? Let's get that. Yeah. All: Hellcats! Hey, you goin' to that place on union to get fliers made up? Yep. They love us, and we Get stuff printed super cheap. All right, catch you later. Hey! Whoa! Give that back to me. Well, you gotta tell me, already. Tell you what? All the sneaking out at all hours, The texting, the smiling. There's a guy, isn't there? You're spying on me? Poor form, roomie. I see you deleting. No, you don't. Yeah. You were just deleting right-- No, I was not. Yeah, you were. You're gonna tell me. No, I won't. I will find out. I mean, come on. The curiosity is killing me. Oh, god. It's your little law class friend. I'm right, aren't I? What, morgan? Ugh. Please. I'm actually going out of my way to avoid him. Why? He's cute. Yeah, well, he could also be big trouble for me. What kind of trouble? Remember that law case I've been working on For the 3-strikes project? Yeah. Well, I think the guy they've got behind bars is innocent. I've been trying to prove it. If my law professor finds out I've been going rogue, I'll get bounced from the class. I don't trust morgan to not bust me. Oh. It's like "romancing the stone." You and morgan hate each other Right up to the moment where he saves you From the crocodile and your lips meet. Then it's nothin' but fireworks. You're a freak. Ok, nothing happens in the squad that I don't know about. There is no guy. Bedspreads are hideous. They're coverlets. Who let you in here? You going somewhere? Thinking of dropping by the prison? Why would you say that? Julian needed another signature From travis guthrie and sent me back there. I saw your name on the sign-in sheet 3 times, And I want to know why you went back on your own. Is the impervious morgan pepper worried A mere cheerleader will steal his thunder in class? It would be a huge mistake to try to one-up me. I've been bringing travis a guitar to play so he can feel human again. Get your face out of my room. What? Huh? Yeah. There we go. Hey, can I get an opinion on my date for the auction? Mm-hmm. All right. I was thinking of offering A personal training session followed by Couples massage at a spa. That somethin' the ladies would like? Sign me up. Yeah, you wish. I think it's perfect. I'm gonna set up An after-hours picnic at the revival movie theater. My dad knows the owner. How barfably adorable. You've got something better? We're going to the adams hotel for drinks And then up to a suite for a slumber party. Ooh. But what if someone else ends up buying your date? You're just gonna take him to a hotel room? Depends on how much they bid. If you expect your boyfriend to bid on you, You ought to think about spicing up your date plan. Guys can only go on so many picnics Before they want breakfast in bed. Ha ha! Like you ever had a guy stick around for breakfast. I want you to know that you shouldn't Feel obligated to buy my date at the auction. I know money is tight, Especially now that your family is saving for a wedding. You're sweet. You get pie. And I'm still gonna bid for you. My brother can pay for his own mistake. You're not happy he's engaged? Sure, if it works out. See, he's one of those guys who feels like Life is just a timeline of major events to be ticked off. He's known this girl long enough, And marriage is the thing that happens next, So it's happening. I don't see what's so wrong with that. It's good to make plans for the future. Yeah, if you have no interest in wherever else life can take you. Just put those blinders on and stare at the road. Forget about the possibility of a--a detour That could take you to some really amazing, unexpected destination. So does that mean you don't see yourself getting married someday? Who knows? I mean, if it happens, it happens. I'm certainly not gonna stress about it now. Cool. Yeah, I totally get it. But you're open to it, right? Is it an issue? Well, growing up, I always figured I'd wait until I was married to have sex. Oh. Heh. Don't look all disappointed. That was back when I was living at home And looked at life a lot differently. I can maybe see being with a guy, The right guy, But I have to at least know that there's marriage ahead. I mean, down the road. You know, at some point. If it all worked out, I mean. That's fine. What part of it is fine? Heh heh. Heh. Sometimes it's hard to tell What you're thinking. Marriage, sex, the future, It's all fine. Let's just take one step at a time, Not worry so much. Yeah? You know what worries me? Not knowing there's a plan. Even if we had a plan, I'd change it, Just to keep life interesting. I bet you think it's cute when you say things like that. Oh, it is. Well, it's not. It is. ♪ you gave me somethin' better to believe in ♪ ♪ with leaner times threatenin' the worst ♪ ♪ that sky was fallin'... ♪ Oh. ♪ till you walked in and shined like a star ♪ Ho. ♪ every day with you... ♪ That was close. No closer than last night When your mom almost caught us. Mmm. Don't you like the thrill of it? Hmm? Right? And the element of danger? You have to admit it's kind of fun. Eh, yeah, at first. But, you know, this sneakin' around, You know it can't last forever, right? Uh, right? What? Is it so bad? I mean, living in cheertown is like living in a terrarium. I don't like all the bobbleheads knowing everything about my life. Resistance is futile. Come on. Didn't you learn anything being with alice? From what people say, It's like you two had your own reality show. Ah, a different situation altogether. If that was different, then... Let's keep our thing different. Mmm. Oh, damn. Come on. Let's get out of here before vanessa sees us. ♪ hey, do you have rhythm underneath your feet? ♪ ♪ does the beat flow through that fine body? ♪ ♪ do you enjoy sweatin' all on me? ♪ ♪ whoa ♪ ♪ did you just bust that move freestylin'? ♪ ♪ do you do much choreographin'? ♪ ♪ you're wildin' out, boy, great timin' ♪ ♪ I like a man who can dance ♪ ♪ shake it, twist it like you're breakin' ♪ ♪ pop it like your bones are dislocatin' ♪ ♪ grind me like you're horny ♪ ♪ turn me round slowly ♪ ♪ drop me to the floor and pull me up again, honey ♪ ♪ shake it, twist it like you're breakin' ♪ ♪ pop it like your bones are dislocatin' ♪ ♪ grind me like you're horny, turn me round slowly ♪ ♪ drop me to the floor... ♪ Welcome, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you so much for coming tonight. It is my pleasure to introduce to you your lancer hellcats And tell you all about the fabulous dates that we have planned. Each date will start at $50, But, honey, come on. We all agree that these talented hellcats Are worth more than that. Am I right? Now, we are trying to raise $5,000, So we're hoping that you'll bid generously And have a great time doin' it. So let the hellcats date auction begin. First up, we have frankie. Yeah, she wants to take y'all on a riverboat down the mississippi. Go, half pint. And now we have darwin. Ain't he cute? He's so cute. What? Here comes good money. Yep, double the trouble, Louise and jen, Work it out, girls. Guaranteed good time with these two. Oh, here's lewis, y'all. Yep, and he wants to work your body. He's offering a free personal training Followed by a couples massage at a local spa. We got $50 in the front. Can I get 75? 75 in the back. Thank you. Can I get a 125? Oh, look at you, lewis. You are popular tonight. Can I get a 200? 200 in the back. How 'bout 225? 200 goin' once, goin' twice, And sold to number 62 in the back. Hey, it's all good. Well, that's new. Heh heh. I always thought silver foxes were hot. Right. At least he has good taste. Vanessa: Ok, here we have alice, And she wants to take someone for a drink At the intimate martini lounge at the adams hotel. Can you handle it? Ok, we got $50 from lancer quarterback jake harrow. Thank you. How 'bout 75? Can I get a 75? Aw, come on. This talented, amazing co-captain of the hellcats Is a steal at 75. Hey, nobody's gonna bid against the lancer's starting quarterback. Do something. Oh, no. You're right. Ok. We got a bid. It's, uh... $100. $100. Thank you. $300. Sold for $300 To number 5. I'm worth twice as much as that, and he knows it. I let him off easy. Oh, listen up, y'all. Miss marti perkins. Cheerleader, prelaw student. Body and brains. What you know about that? Work it out. We have number 38 and number 40. Ok, number 6. Confirmed. What? Are you serious? And finally we have captain extraordinaire savannah monroe. Shake your tail feather, girl. Sassy little thing. And we have our first bid. And our second. We're at 100. 150. 200. $500. Oh, my goodness. $500 To the gentleman over here in the front. Can I get a 525? Ok. Well, there we have it. Savannah's date goes for $500 To number 18. Please see mr. Gilmartin at the front. Well, this concludes our date auction. Thank you so much for comin' out tonight. Any idea what that was all about? That's noah. Wait. As in ex-boyfriend noah? Mm-hmm. I didn't know he was made of money like that. He's not made of money. I have a feeling the unsinkable layne monroe sponsored his appearance. Why would your mom do that? I plan to ask her. Well, you may be goin' on a date with noah, But you are comin' home with me. Absolutely. We're still almost $1,000 short. Excuse me. Uh, excuse me, coach lodge. Um, I have been contacted by a proxy bidder Who would like to put in one final bid. He is willing to spend $825 on a date. But the-- all the hellcats have dates already. Yes. Well, this bidder is hoping to buy a date With ar hellcat. He wants a date with you, coach lodge. who's the bidder? He insists on remaining anonymous. Well, you can give me a hint, right? I mean, is it someone I know? Someone in the athletic department, perhaps? It's not red raymond, is it? And spoil all the fun? Here are the details of your date, And if the hellcats need that money, All you have to do is show up. Well, red is on a recruiting trip, But I checked his schedule, And he's due back tonight. Come on, vanessa. Anyone could have bid on you. And listen. Even if it was red, The hellcats need you, right? Be right there! Sorry, babe, but, uh, dr. Herbert's talk is starting. You go on the date. I trust you. And I'll see you as soon as I'm back from atlanta. I love you. Ok. Love you, too, derrick. Another one, coach? Yes. Something, uh, stronger this time. What's wrong? Date auction didn't go well? Yeah. We came up a little short. That surprises me with all those pretty girls on display And, oh, that lewis. Ho. Not as surprising as a last-minute anonymous bid For the exact amount that we needed. Well, then what are you doin' in here boohooin'? That sounds like great news. Yeah, except that the bid was for a date with me, And I think the bidder was red raymond. It's for the hellcats, right? Mm-hmm. Your boyfriend'll understand. Yeah, he was a little too understanding. I was hoping he'd be at least a little outraged, I mean, even if just for show. Well, that sounds like a get out of jail free card. My advice, get all gussied up, Go out for a fabulous meal, But don't touch it. If you don't touch it, it don't count. Heh. Well, that's excellent advice, wanda, Very helpful. Comes with bein' a mom. A pleasure as always, ladies. Nicely done. Now, you all have your handout, Because we have a lot of reading to do, Savannah. What brings you here? Wanna do this in front of them? So, annie, we are at your house next week. Thank you again, everybody. Do drive carefully. Bye-bye, now. Noah campbell showed up At the hellcats date auction last night. Know anything about it? Noah's a very nice boy. You should be flattered. No. No, I'm confused, mom. Ok, the last time I was here, you didn't want Anything more to do with me, and now you're butting right back into my life. Things are said in anger that we don't really mean. No matter what, I will never give up on you. This isn't about me. It's about your reputation in the church. If your rogue daughter reunites with her upstanding ex-boyfriend, The minister's son, no less, Then maybe your bible study group will stop whispering behind your back. My friends and I talk very openly About the pain your absence causes this family. Well, your plan isn't going to work, But I'm still showing up on the date. The hellcats appreciate your generous donation. You be kind to noah. You've already broken his heart once. Good to know you care so much about everyone else but me. No. No, um, d-don't apologize. I appreciate you trying to help. Thanks. Hey. Something wrong? I just got off with the last homeless shelter Left to call that might have information on travis' ex-girlfriend. Nothing. Ah, you're gonna find her. Mmm. Girl: Marti. Oh. Um, hey, I was just telling lewis How excited I am about sectionals. Yeah. Yay. Yay. Whatever. Savannah wants you in the common room. That would have been a disaster. Is there more goin' on here than you're tellin' me? Of course not. I'm just saying it's still early, And I think we should find out If this really works before we let everyone in on it. And once it becomes part of the group, it's... Gets a lot harder to back out. Right. It's just the second we talk about us out loud, The relationship becomes real. Well, hey, if you're gettin' cold feet, Now's the time to let me know. Hmm? No harm, no foul. So what do you wanna do? Savannah: Marti! Marti! Let me get back to you on that. Marti! Which one? What are you doing? Getting ready for my date. Ok, but what are you really doing? Teaching my mother a lesson. I want noah to be so shocked That he runs home to his preacher daddy And tells him what a bad girl I am now. Why would you want that? Am I missing something? Gossip that good makes it through The church grapevine in no time. My mother is gonna be mortified. Ok, have you thought this through? I think everything through. Look, if you still have hope of reconnecting with your family, This is only going to push you farther apart. Trust me. I've tried everything with wanda, And hostility doesn't heal anything. Look, I-it's not too late. I can stall him if you wanna go change. Hey. Hi. Come in. Noah. How the hell are you? So... This is nice, Romantic. If you think I was serious When I planned a picnic at a movie theater, It goes to show how little you know me anymore. Look at this movie. Totally ironic. Yeah. Basically I'm really into irony these days. Romantic dates like this are ridiculous, And only sad sacks fall for them. Tcch. Should we have another? Uh, bring one more for the lady. Look, morgan, I--I appreciate the chivalry and all, But can we just get to it? I know you brought me here to talk about travis. You think it's all work, work, work with me. Is it so crazy that I might have feelings for you? Are you serious? Ok. Please. Don't flatter yourself. You're right on one count, though. Thanks. Figured I'd get you drunk, Get you talking. If you found a way to be a hero In our law clinic, I want you to cut me in. Share the wealth. One ambitious person to another. I can help you, marti. I'm a hard worker... Mm-hmm. I'm great with people... and you'd have access To my brilliant legal mind. Even if I tell you, you won't be interested. You've made it clear you don't care if travis is innocent. You found something that proves his innocence? Please. I swear I won't tell julian. What if I can actually help you help travis? Wouldn't that be worth the risk? What do you know? I know nothing. That's the problem. I've spent the last few weeks Searching everywhere for this jane loomis. I remember her from the deposition. That's right. They were living together on the streets When he was arrested, and she was his alibi. By the time the trial rolled around, She'd changed her story. So you got nothin'. Homeless people are hard to keep track of. Looks like you spent $250 on nothin'. Mm. Ehh. It was an old check For an account that I closed 2 years ago. It'll bounce like a superball. I'm sorry. You wrote a bad check? Yeah. Well, I'm not gonna pay to watch you eat. These drinks are most definitely on you, then. Thanks, buddy. Want some? It's straight tequila. Heh. No, none for me. Thanks. Don't let me stop you. Drink up. Come on, boots. I know this is all an act. No, it's not. It's the new me. What gave me away? There's a reason why you were always cast as a tree In the Sunday school theater productions. You're not a good actor. You always told me I was great. I liked you, Even way back then. Do you know how much bending is involved While playing a weeping willow? I can imagine. Look, I know my mother was behind this date. The dress, the alcohol, I did it to get back at her. Seriously? We've been fighting for months about my life at lancer, And I know she sent you to that date auction Hoping you'd talk sense into me. Look, you can think of layne As an evil villainess all you want, But when she came to me, All I saw was a worried mom. Well, she doesn't need to worry. I've met great new people, And I've done things in my life That have totally expanded the way I think. But because I'm outside of her bubble of control, Because I'm free, She rejects it all. What's it like? Being so unrestricted. Sometimes I don't know what I'm doing, And I feel, like, a step behind, Like people are laughing at me because I don't get the joke. It can be a big, scary mess. But I do it. There's the honesty I was waiting for. It's weird. When I sit next to you, I feel like I could say anything, 'cause you already know everything about me. We do go back a long ways. Well, here's to old friends. Heh. it's you?! You're my date? Heh. Surprise. Heh heh. But how? Why didn't you-- Early flight home. And listen, I knew that if I didn't keep my identity a secret, That you would never allow me to spend this kind of money on the hellcats. You're right about that. So it was an easy decision, vanessa. My promotion may take me away from you a little bit more, But it also came with a salary bump, And I can't think of anything better to spend the money on. Hmm. Not even that flat screen at gildays? Ok, how did you know I had my eye on that? Baby, I have to wipe the drool off your face Every time we pass that window. Yeah. Well, flat screens come and go, But I plan on staring at you for years. Oh, my god. Look at me. I'm a mess. I'm so embarrassed. Yeah, good thing you didn't show up To our first date dressed like this. Well, you know, in protesting red's date, I ran 6 miles without showering, So, yeah, I must smell awful. You... Actually did work up a serious funk, vanessa. Wow. Now, do you really think Red raymond could pull off something as cool as this? Not in a million years. ohh. Heh. I thought tonight was gonna be awful, But it turned out to be really nice. Thanks, I think. You know what I mean. Yeah, it has been really nice. Could be again. Noah, this isn't a real date. What about the connection we have? We've always had? Don't tell me you don't still feel it. I have a boyfriend now. Yeah, I know. Bad-boy type, right? All exciting. Has game. You know what we squares have? What? Stability. If we got back together, I see us dating for about a year or so. When we finish school, we'd get engaged. A year to plan the wedding, because we both wanna do it right. Then kids. I wanna grow old with you, boots. I don't know what to say to that. You don't have to say anything right now. You know exactly where you can find me. So you drag me out of bed on a Sunday morning... Mm-hmm. Take me to a strange part of town... Yep. And you won't tell me what we're doing? No. Wow. Where's your white panel van with the onboard manacles? Ehh. You should think before you crack wise. Huh. Ta-da. Pretty nice neighborhood For someone that was homeless for so long. Jane loomis? Mm-hmm. How'd you find her? I went down to social services With a tray of lattes and pumpkin muffins, Walked out with a forwarding address here in memphis. That worked? Honestly, I'm as surprised as you are. Yes? Good morning, ms. Loomis. My name is morgan pepper. This is marti perkins. Hi. We're students at lancer university. Oh. We were hoping you could help us out With a project we're working on. Why, of course. I, uh... Saw some hard times over the years, And lancer students helped me out a lot. Well, we'd like to talk to you About your ex-boyfriend, travis guthrie. Our law clinic is looking into his robbery conviction, And we found some discrepancies In witness reports surrounding his arrest. I already told the police And the prosecutor's office everything I know About travis' case, so... What about his alibi? He said that-- I really have nothing more to add. Thank you. Ok. That was suspicious. We need to look into jane, Her background, this house. Are you saying you want me in on this with you? Only if you pay every penny of that bad check back to the hellcats. Heh. That's a nonstarter. I'll pay you 10 cents on the dollar. What? No way. I'll maybe let you get away With 75 cents on the dollar, and that's it. 50 cents on the dollar, and you pay the bar tab last night. I only had a smart drink. And it didn't work. Heh. I outsmarted you. 60 cents. 55. 59. You never step foot in my dorm again. You survived your date last night? Noah wants to get back together. Yeah, I bet. One look at those perky freddies all pushed up like that, and-- Marti, this is serious. Oh. It is? Why? You're not considering it, are you? When he and I were dating, everything was simple. He knew what he wanted his life to look like, And I thought I wanted the same things. And you're thinking you might want something else now. Thinking, stressing, you name it. My whole life, I've been told That if I didn't find a boy, Get married, save myself for my wedding night, Have kids right away, blah blah blah blah blah, It would change the way that god looked at me. It would make me a bad person. And noah reminds you of how easy all those rules make everything. Exactly. I've been putting so much pressure on myself Being the free spirit that dan wants That the thought of knowing what to expect with noah is tempting. New relationships are always scary. Heh. Morgan. I'm talking about lewis. You guys are together? At the moment, I'm--I'm not sure. No way. I can't believe you haven't told me. I've wanted to keep things quiet Until we know where the relationship is going. Heh. I totally knew he had the hots for you. Hey, will you stop making such a big deal about it? Ok, ok. So what's the problem? Lewis... I don't know. He's got a problem with keeping us a secret. I mean, do we need to go around Flaunting our relationship to everyone? That's not normal. Wow. You're really scared of love. Hey, who said anything about love? I am nowhere near love. See? Scared. Yeah, well, what about you? I'm scared of the unknown, And that's dan. We need to not be scared. I don't think it works that way. Change is scary. Anything different is scary. Going to kindergarten for the first time And graduating high school, leaving home-- All those things terrified me when I did 'em. But you did them. Yeah. You have to. Otherwise, you get stuck in the same spot forever. And that would be scary. You can handle this. We can handle this. Lewis. Charlotte? And I was counting on a peaceful afternoon. I'm not here to fight, mom. I just want to talk. I've heard that before. Mom, please. come on. So I went on my date with noah last night. And was it as awful as you thought it would be? No. Do you have any idea how hard it has been For me to leave my old life behind? How would I know that, savannah? Every time I try to talk to you, You have such walls up around your choices. Fine. 5 minutes, no wall. What were you hoping to get out of setting me and noah up again? Noah has always been a very popular, inquisitive boy Who also understands that god has a plan for him, And he is gonna follow it step by step. And if I can't be that, At least I could be with someone like that. Well, when you put it that way, yes. I think it would be good for you To show you you can be whomever you wanna be and still walk with god. Right. Footprints in the sand and all that. You said no wall. I'm sorry. God simply wants us to have joyful, carefree lives, And he gives us a very clear path to happiness. But I am happy, mom. My path might be more winding than you would choose for me, And, yes, it's scary sometimes, But no matter what, I truly believe I'm gonna end up in the perfect place for me. Ok. So when you go down that road And if you end up getting lost, Just promise me you'll come home. Come here, baby. Ohh. Give me a hand with this. Lewis: Exhausting. Yeah. It was a long night. "long night." That's fantastic, really. Hey. So, um, yeah, lewis and I are dating. Oh. That was anticlimactic. Don't get too attached, marti. He's really not relationship material. Yeah, well, neither am I, So it's gonna be awesome. Uh-huh. Yes, it is. ♪ I'm feelin' lucky ♪ ♪ I'm seein' every possibility... ♪ Well, hello there. I'm sorry I didn't call after the date with noah. I needed time to think. Should I be worried? Not at all. Well, then, are you ready for the makeup date of your dreams? Lady's choice, anything you want, anywhere you want. I'm sure you got somethin' specific in mind. How 'bout we just point the car down the road And see where we end up? www.addic7ed.com Sync by: Lunardelli 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 