Hellcats: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hellcats 
 s1e10 - Pledging My Love - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hellcats (2010–2011): Season 1, Episode 10 - Pledging My Love - full transcript 
 A compromising picture of Alice is sent around school, humiliating her. Lewis feels bad for Alice and agrees to help her find the culprit. The two discover Damian, a football player, is the culprit and she vows revenge and plans to out him after she finds out he is gay. Red and Vanessa hear of her plan and set out to stop her before she does something she will regret. Meanwhile, Julian discovers Marti and Morgan are investigating Travis's case behind his back and cuts them lose from the team. Dan continues to be conflicted about his feelings for Marti so he makes a harsh decision about Savannah. Derrick decides to ask Vanessa to marry him and enlists the Hellcats to help choreograph a dance number for the proposal. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Are you sure school is worth all this? I'm going to graduate, pass the bar up north, And work in a d.A.'s office where everybody talks In flat yankee vowels. You're applying for a scholarship? I have one now for cheerleading. Cheerleading? Oh. Hello, marti. Welcome to cheertown. I need 2 prelaw students to help me. A man been sentenced to life in prison for a minor burglary. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I took this case to get a law overturned. If there's even the slightest chance that he's innocent-- If you pass the bar one day, You can take up his cause. Why wait till then? Professor showed up here, like, about an hour ago And asked me all about the investigative reports you had me request. He knows. He knows everything. I covered for you, But y'all need to be a lot more careful than that. We need to talk about what happened. Nothing happened. You're dating my roommate. I'm not gonna let a stupid mistake hurt her. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It didn't feel like a mistake to me. ♪ 1, 2, 3, 4 ♪ Sync by: Lunardelli www.addic7ed.com ♪ huhh ♪ ♪ oye como va ♪ ♪ mi ritmo ♪ ♪ bueno pa' gozar ♪ ♪ mulatta ♪ ♪ oye como va ♪ ♪ mi ritmo ♪ ♪ bueno pa' gozar ♪ ♪ mulatta ♪ Bad dream? Yeah. Yeah, you could say that. You wanna talk about it? Um, I--I don't remember much. It's ok. Oh. Good morning. Have you seen my blue striped tie? I put it in the dry-cleaning pile. Unh. Why would you do that? 'cause it was on the floor. Never recycle my ties, vanessa, Not unless it's stained or smells like something. Why don't you just stop? Take a deep breath. Hey, let's go grab breakfast, like we used to. I can't. I actually have to go in early To check on some lab results In my wrinkled tie. Why'd I ask? Come on, vanessa. It's football season. You know work is crazy. Well, I miss my boyfriend. You canceled the last 2 date nights. You're always off at away games every other weekend. Yeah, but this promotion comes with a lot of responsibility, right? And right now, it has to be the focus of my life. You said that last month. You said things were gonna calm down. Things have not slowed down one bit. Football season's gonna be over soon. Just in time for basketball season. Ok, what do you want me to say here, vanessa? Did I do something, derrick? I mean, do you not think about us anymore? You know this is really unfair, right? To do this to me when I'm in such a hurry. I know. We just used to talk about our future. We used to talk about marriage, Where you were gonna take me on our honeymoon. Been a long time since we've had one of those talks. Because I don't have time to think about anything else besides work, vanessa. And when I took this job, we both understood that. I seem to remember you making the decision to take the job. You're really gonna throw that in my face? I mean, seriously? In case you haven't noticed, nessa, I actually work really hard for our future. I work hard for us. Hmm. Well, Good relationship takes hard work, too, my love. Wouldn't you rather just take my picture? Got my own, thanks. Are you ok? I'm fine. Just so you know, We're all behind you 100%. What are you talking about? Um, ok. Have you checked your e-mail? Phone? No. Wow. This is really awkward. What the hell is going on? There were some photographs. Alice, honey, come into my office. Where did these end up? Bunch of campus e-mails, Hundred or so. The university is holding a full investigation. There are 6 images total. You wanna see them? I was there when they were taken. I don't need to see them. Can I ask you a question? What the hell were you thinkin'? I sent these to jake a few eks ago. He was in dallas on an away game. I certainly didn't know he was gonna do this, So please wipe that judgmental, pitying frown off your face. Don't get defensive. Strong, smart, independent women can do some stupid things. I know I have, and I'm not even that smart. I'm drowning in sisterhood here. Do you have a point? Uhh. My point is this isn't the first time That you've done self-destructive things, alice. I'm concerned that there's a deeper issue. Deeper issue? Please. They're just pictures. That you're naked in. I'm not ashamed of my body. Look fantastic in those pictures. Well, these pictures don't just go away, Not nowadays. This could affect your future. I mean, if you're applying for a job or-- It's not that big of a deal. It's--it's actually kind of funny. You really believe that? I wanna help you, But if you don't wanna examine your behavior and make some changes, Then this conversation is useless. Finally, something we can agree on. Are we done? You know, I wish that I had someone to talk to When I was your age. I might have made some different choices. My door's always open. Thanks... But I don't need a mentor. Alice. Alice. Alice. What? Did jake do this? Who else? You gonna go kick the crap out of him? There are naked pictures of me up all over campus. I'm humiliated. What do you think? I think you might want some help. Really? If you want. Thank you. I-- It just means a lot. That's all. I came over as soon as I got your message. What's--what's going on? Well, it's come to my attention That the two of you have been sneaking around behind my back. Don't glower at me. I didn't tell him. Been throwing my name around, harassing people? Did you really think it wouldn't get back to me? All we did was knock on a few doors, And it was for a good cause. Do you have any idea the mess you've created? Mr. Overton has contacted the school, And he's considering legal action against us for harassment. We visited his store during business hours And asked a few questions. He's got no case. He's a booster. He gives money to this university. Do I really have to draw you a map? Both our laptops disappeared from our dorms. It was right after we confronted overton, Which is more than a little suspicious. Do you have anything that's admissible in a court of law? Anything that's not conjecture or hearsay or magical thinking? Ok, for the sake of argument, Let's just assume that you did have irrefutable evidence. What then? You help one person. What I'm trying to do, Repeal tennessee's 3-strikes law, Could help hundreds. But we've been over this before, right, marti? Yeah. Look, I understand the emotional pull of an underdog. Hurricane carter rescued from an unjust prison sentence by plucky canadian amateurs-- It's a fabulous story ready-made for hollywood, But that kind of glamorization of the legal profession is dangerous. It leads to arrogance and self-promotion, And it gets in the way of the real work. In the learning environment, there's simply no place for it, Except as a cautionary tale for other students. A cautionary tale? Julian, please. You both are off the 3-strikes project, all right? What? Travis guthrie is my client. You contact him again, And I will go to great pains To make sure you regret it. What is wrong with you? Ok, first off, I didn't send The pictures, and secondly-- You expect us to believe that? Secondly, you better let go before you go to the hospital And my team goes to jail for puttin' you there. Somebody stole my phone. Seriously? Yeah, seriously. Really? Yeah. Let him go. Well, thanks, fellas. We're good here. Yeah, thanks. Yeah. Ok, none of the guys wanted to be the one to tell me, So I only found out about it an hour ago, When campus security came by to interrogate me. You don't believe me, ask 'em. So we're looking for whoever stole your phone. Any ideas? It was in my locker during practice, And after I showered, it was gone. Who would do that? I got a theory. Come on. How am I supposed to help travis if I can't even speak to him? I-if julian finds out I'm visiting travis-- I mean, he's already kicked me off the 3-strikes clinic. The only thing left for him to do is to flunk me From the class I'm taking with him. I can't risk it. There's no other choice here, right? Hey. Hmm? You're not paying attention. I'm sorry. I'm... Preoccupied. A furrowed brow, that's a new look for you. Doesn't it bother you, m? Less than a week ago, you and I are in the back of your mom's car Trying to tear each other's clothes off. Ok, we agreed to move on. I know, I know, But saying it and doing it Are 2 totally different things. This playacting, it's just-- It's not sittin' right with me. Dan, you care about savannah. I've seen how you are with her. You've never been that happy about anybody else. That's why this is so confusing to me. I made an explicit promise to be exclusive. I'm--I take a broken promise very seriously. You were human. We make mistakes. We move on and try to do better next time because we have to. This is that easy for you? Of course it's not easy. I'm as freaked out as you are, But I-it's like the flu. We'll feel bad for a week, And then everything'll go back to normal. I hope you're right. I am. You'll see. Hey, guys. Sorry. I had trouble exchanging a textbook. Everything ok? Right as rain... Just like always. Are you coming, marti? Why don't you guys go up ahead? I'm... Gonna grab a cup of coffee. Shall we? We shall. ♪ where you been? ♪ ♪ oh, who's alone? ♪ Ha ha. Ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. Ohh. Ow. Ow. Great. You havin' a rough day? Shaping up that way. Yes. Well, how 'bout I buy you a replacement, And you can tell me all about it? Heh. I'm thinkin' decaf, though. Heh. These pictures are serious business, And alice just laughed it off. She's a tough little thing, but, uh, Maybe she's just coverin' up. Well, who can say? I wanted to get through to her, but she's so guarded. I just want her to understand that The stupid choices that you make When you're a kid can follow you around for years. Heh. You and I are proof positive of that. Amen. All you can do is be there for her. I've watched more than a couple kids Throw away their talents with some bad decisions. Well, what'd you do? I tried to help, But you can only open the door. You can't make 'em walk through it. You ask me, that's the hardest thing about teaching, The frustration, you know, that you can't do more. Well, most days, it's the best job in the world, But today--uhh. I just wanna scream at the girl, You know, just wake her up. I swear, between alice and the morning I just had, I'm-- What happened this morning? Mmm. No. I had a fight with derrick, But we're not talking about it. It's off-limits. Fair enough, but I can imagine. I mean, derrick and I work together. I'm seein' the toll the job's takin' on the man. Mm, I see what you're doing there. Yeah. You're trying to dangle Inside information to get me talking. It's not gonna happen. No? Am I that transparent? Like liquid soap. Oh. That's good. I'm gonna write that down. Anyway, you were, uh, telling me About the fight you had with derrick. Ok, n-now you're just being lazy. All right, you know what? Crisp $1.00 bill could be all yours If you tell me about the fight you had with your boyfriend. Oh, my private life doesn't come cheap. Oh? Good. Got a counter offer? Let me see the wristwatch. This? It's a knockoff. I'll be the judge of that. No. It says "molex" right on the face. No, it doesn't. It does too. It does-- I should... Get back to work. Vanessa, nothing's happening here. Uh, can you just leave, please? How can you be so sure it was damian? 'cause he used to pull this kind of crap All the time, even when I was on the team-- watches, phone, cash-- They disappear when damian doesn't like you. And he keeps getting away with it? Yeah. He's one of the best players on the team, so... But you guys are buddy-buddy. No, they're not. Jake and damian got into a fight last week. Heard about it all the way down at the film room. About what? Ah, he was half-assin' it in practice, And I called him out on it. It escalated. Wait here. Hey, buddy. Hey, jake. What's up? Wanna open that locker back up for us? Why? You wanna smell my dirty socks? Lewis: No, really. Open the locker. Will it help if I say, "pretty please"? You know you have no right to do this. This yours? Yep. Hey, man, that's your phone? I found it on our bench, like, 10 minutes ago. I was actually about to run it down to the lost and found. You think the guy who really sent those pictures might have ditched it here? Lewis: Nobody's gonna believe that. Of course they will. I'm a friggin' football star. That doesn't matter. What do you think, jakey? Do football players pay for their crimes? He's right. Look, you guys wanna make an issue about this, I tell you what's gonna happen. Ok? Bill marsh is gonna make sure that the story's All about some slutty cheerleader Who took dirty photos of herself, And that bitch-- bitch? Who hijacked the magazine article for "fotogem," An article, by the way that I was supposed to be featured in, He'll ruin her. Tcch. Oh, alice, uh, are the boobs real? Couple of the guys, we just have a bet goin' on. They really are somethin'. Is there a problem here? Just boys being boys. Well, then perhaps those boys should walk away from each other right now, Before I start asking questions. Save it. A moment. I'm real sorry about what happened to you. It was nothing. It was--it was kinda funny. Anyway, uh, a word to the wise. You have a real friend in vanessa. She's hurtin' right along with you. Don't be scared to open up to her. I'm sorry. Who elected you dad? I rule by fiat. Now get your 2 x chromosomes out of my locker room. Scoot. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. I-it's a ball change, so-- Ball what? Ball change. Ball--ball what? I-it's a ball change. It's a step-step. Step-step? So it's like step, step. Ok, yeah, but on your toes. So step, step. Yeah. No, ok-- Ok, you know, you just need to relax. Ok? You can't groove unless you're breathing, So breathe. All right. Ok, let's try it at 40%. Let's get the music in your body, all right? Come on. We can do this. 5, 6, 7, 8. 1, 2, 3, 4. 5, 6, 7, 8. ohh! Ok, let's take 5. All right? Excuse me. Do we really have to video me messing up every step? You'll thank me 10 years from now when you have a record Of all the hard work you've put in. Hey. She's comin'. Oh, derrick, derrick, get out of sight. Oh. Go. Go. Vanessa, hey, I need to ask you something. Ok, I'm going over stuff for sectionals, And I'm kind of confused. What do you think the chances of me getting Out of this with my dignity intact are? Ah, slim to none. Yeah. That sounds about right. But, hey, listen. I really do appreciate you guys. You're doin' all this on such short notice. Hey, it's our collective pleasure. Yeah. Hey, wh-when did you know vanessa was the one? Oh. Um, about 6 weeks or so after our first date. Uh-huh. Yeah. Were you ever confused? I mean, you-- you ever doubt it? Heh. You're always confused, dan, And you always have doubts. It's just human nature. So now, why do you ask? Are things startin' to get pretty serious with you and savannah? Things are gettin' serious. Hmm. And so are the doubts. Hmm. You're a very lucky guy, dan. A girl like savannah doesn't come along often. She is perhaps the most genuinely Kindhearted and loyal person that I have ever met. Yeah, that, she is. Heh heh. Yeah, even if you could prove it, You're not underage, So none of tennessee's sexting laws apply. You're kidding. I'm not. What about the pictures themselves? Yeah, are they not alice's property? Yeah. They are, but you'd Have to prove that damian sent them out, And since they came off of jake's phone... So that's it? There's nothing that I can do? My advice would be to file a police report, And they probably won't arrest him, But they'll at least question him And scare the crap out of him. It's not enough. You didn't see the smug look on his face. He wasn't sorry. He was proud, Proud that there are Naked pictures of me out there For everyone to see forever. Sometimes the law's limited. I'm sorry, alice. Don't tell me you're sorry, marti. Come on, alice. She's just tryin' to help out. No, she is studying to be a lawyer. She's trying to be a part of the system That only seems to be good at screwing over the innocent And protecting the guilty. It sucks, ok? I've got an innocent guy rotting in prison right now, And I can't help him either. Sounds like a big, fat excuse to me. It is not that simple, alice. Uh, yes, it is. If it's the right thing to do, do it. Make your own justice. Hey, alice. Yes, darwin? I feel awful about what happened. If one more person tries to pity me, I will punch them. Do you wanna be punched by me? No. Listen, I know somethin' about the guy who did it, Damian, Somethin' not a lot of people know. You've got my attention. Well, last... What made you change your mind? Talked to a friend of mine. More of an acquaintance, really. Actually, she's kind of a pain in the ass, But she was right. Helping you is the right thing to do, So here I am. Here you are. Gotta be careful, though. I'm gonna have a bitch of a time Getting into law school if julian flunks me. Ms. Perkins. How did you know I was here? Oh, my eyes are everywhere. You know, I seem to remember kicking you off this project. Did you go selectively deaf during that part of our conversation? Knock it off, counselor, or you're fired. Travis, don't. No, I've had enough. He acts like he owns us. Now, you work for me, And I say she remains on my case, Or I stop talking, I stop cooperating, And you can find another guinea pig For your little 3-strikes crusade. Are you threatening me? Heh heh heh. That must feel very empowering To a man in your position. Well, I accept. Excuse me? I've been terminated. I will find someone else to build my case around. Good luck, ms. Perkins. He's your responsibility now. Now, wait. Hold on a minute now. Of course, as you're not actually a member of the bar, You can't file briefs or make motions, So I would suggest that you find yourself a good lawyer. Ms. Perkins. How's your client? I assume the conversation after I left was spirited. It sucked, thank you. I'm dropping your class. I need your signature. To be clear, I bounced you From the 3-strikes project, But you're welcome to continue Attending my regular class. Otherwise, you've wasted half a semester of work. Being taught by you, Yeah, I already consider that time wasted. Time to cut bait. You might wanna watch your tone, Given you can't drop the course without my signature. What you are doing to travis is evil. You've placed the cause over the welfare of the client. It's his cause. No. It's your cause. Heh heh. What I'm doing-- Can help hundreds of people potentially. I've heard your argument, and I choose to reject it. Ms. Perkins, marti, I have reviewed the case. The state has a reliable eyewitness Placing travis at the scene committing the crime. The eyewitness lied. If 2 idiot college kids can figure that out, Imagine what a determined lawyer Such as yourself could accomplish. You're far from an idiot. But I'm not sure you're cut out to be a lawyer either. Better I know that now. You know why I signed up for your clinic? 'cause I wanted to learn from the lawyer Who was arrested for contempt of court When he thought the judge wasn't listening And wouldn't stop shouting, Who waited all night outside the house Of an appellate judge just so he could Plead with him to reexamine a case, Who chained himself to a courthouse To raise awareness about how his-- His client was being mistreated in prison. That is who I wanted to learn from. Where is that guy? You wanna know what all that effort And all those years of hard work and sweat got me? 2 people out of jail, 2 in 15 years. You have no idea how frustrating that is. You can't tear down the great wall With a hammer and a chisel. I know. I've tried. A lawyer has to accept whatever small moral victories he can eke out, Or else stop caring so much. See, that's not a lesson I'm interested in learning. Damian: Here it is. Here it is. Here it is. Oh, my god. That was one. Aw, that was sick. Alice: He's gay. Ah heh. Who's gay? Heh heh. Damian. The enemy. Ok. No way. That, or he's a straight guy That likes to hook up with dudes. Either way, doesn't matter to me. Who told you that? Darwin. He and damian hooked up at a party last semester. Heh heh. Wow. Oh, man. No, you can't out him. Uh-uh. I'm gonna do to him what he did to me, Make something public he doesn't want anyone to see. No, see, you're violating his privacy, alice. He gave up that right when he e-mailed Naked pictures of me to the world. Yeah, granted, but in this case, The punishment doesn't exactly fit the crime. Whose side are you on? Look, damian is more than good at football. Ok? He's one of the few guys at lancer Who will actually go pro. And? And no nfl athlete has ever come out publicly while playing. I-it's stupid, but it's the way it is. Not my problem. Alice, there are a lot of unwritten rules in football, ok, Especially in the deep south. You out him, it'll destroy his career. He doesn't deserve that. He deserves to be punished for what he did. You are the 2 guys who were supposed to have my back. Instead, you've got his. No. Look, alice, I-I'm tryin' to do what's right here, ok? Screw you, jake. Let's go. We'll study tape in 10 minutes. Come on. Come on. I hate to disappoint you, But your boyfriend's still finishing up from practice. But this isn't jake's dorm room, is it? This is damian, wide receiver. You stole his key, didn't you? How much trouble am I in? Well, that depends, I guess. Let's take a walk. Vanessa: Are you sure it was damian? He was being cute with the language, but yeah. He admitted it. This kid has a really bad reputation. You know, we should take this to the disciplinary committee. damian's one of my best players, So not much is gonna happen to him in football country, Especially with bill marsh around. What if red didn't stop you? I mean, say you got video of damian with this guy? What were you gonna do? Ruin him. Ok, senior year in high school, I had a friend, tim, And, um, he was still trying to figure himself out, And he was not ready to admit that he was gay. And someone that we knew, um, thought it would be funny to out him To the whole school very publicly, And he was teased and ridiculed, And, I mean, his parents were appalled. 3 days later, he hanged himself. That really happened? Well, you can imagine how bad Everyone felt when it was all over, Even the person that outed him. Somehow it didn't seem so funny anymore. But this is different. You friend didn't do anything bad to anyone else. Damian deserves to be punished. What if he does it again to someone else? If stopping a monster means becoming a monster yourself, was it worth it? I mean, come on, alice. You're better than that. So what am I supposed to do? Just let it go? Well, first, you take responsibility For what happened to you. You took those photos, And you sent them to jake. I know. If my dad ever finds out, I'm dead. But what about damian? What about damian? Might I suggest a little frontier justice? Look, I've got nothin' to say to you. And what's he doin' here? We tell each other everything, Cheerleaders. No secrets. Even hookups. Can't keep anything to myself. I'm chatty. You hurt me, and you need to make amends. Now, why would I wanna do that? Rumor, insinuation, gossip-- It's terrible how much damage those weapons can do In the hands of a determined and ruthless enemy, Especially if the target has something they wanna hide. It's such a small school. But we don't have to be enemies. We can be friends, The kind of friends that keep secrets. And how would we do that? Well, first we have to get your head straight. I don't let just anyone be my friend. She's very picky. What's this? Your schedule for next semester. "societal exploitation of women, 1960s to present. The ethics of privacy." Are you serious? Completely. You're gonna be the most enghtened friend a girl ever had. What's with this figure studies class? Oh, um, that's nude figure studies. My coach made a special arrangement with the professor. You're the model. I'm signing up for that one. I do this, and we're cool? More than cool. We're bonded. I apologized to travis. What? And I have a proposition for you. You and morgan can stay on the 3-strikes project And continue pursuing travis' innocence. Are you serious? What exactly about our association so far Makes you think I'm prone to whimsy? I'm just trying to understand. You reminded me of myself at precisely the moment I needed reminding. I put results ahead of justice. That's wrong, and I intend to rectify that error. You'll have the resources of lancer at your disposal And whatever guidance I can give you. Oh, my god. Thank you. Wow. I'm also not a hugger. I'm sorry. So, show me what you got. Ok. Vanessa: I'm sure there's a ladies' room at the restaurant. But this is the orpheum theatre. It's historical. Whenever I'm passing by, I try to make a stop. Ok. That's just strange. Back in 2 ticks. Hey, vanessa. Derrick? What are you doing here? I'm rockin' your world! Michael jackson: ♪ ahh ♪ ♪ ho oh oh, ahh ♪ ♪ ahh ♪ ♪ my life will never be the same ♪ ♪ 'cause, girl, you came and changed ♪ ♪ the way I walk, the way I talk ♪ ♪ I cannot explain ♪ ♪ the things I feel for you ♪ ♪ but, girl, you know it's true ♪ ♪ stay with me, fulfill my dreams ♪ ♪ and I'll be all you need ♪ ♪ I know that this is love ♪ ♪ I felt the magic all in the air ♪ ♪ and, girl, I'll never get enough ♪ ♪ that's why I always have to have you here ♪ ♪ hoo! ♪ ♪ you rocked my world ♪ ♪ you rocked my world ♪ ♪ look what you did to me, baby ♪ ♪ yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ you, you, you, you ♪ ♪ you rocked my world ♪ ♪ you know you did, baby ♪ ♪ 'cause you rocked my world ♪ ♪ hoo! ♪ ♪ hoo! ♪ ♪ 'cause you rocked my world ♪ ♪ my world, you know you did ♪ ♪ the way you talk to me ♪ ♪ the way you're lovin' me ♪ ♪ the way you give it to me ♪ ♪ you rocked my world ♪ ♪ you know you did ♪ ♪ you rocked my world now ♪ ♪ hoo! ♪ ♪ you rocked my world ♪ ♪ hee! ♪ ♪ yeah, yeah, you to call mine ♪ Oh, my god. Derrick, this took so much effort. Yeah, tell me about it. Savannah damn near killed me with this dance trainin'. So am I gonna get an answer here or what? Yes, you big goof. Don't you just love love? Yeah. Yeah, love is definitely the best. Ok, let me see the ring. Ooh, it's beautiful. Seriously, must be nice marrying a doctor. I know, right? Heh heh. Hey, red. I heard about the performance And the engagement. And... I wanted to say congratulations. Derrick's a good man, And I wish nothing but joy and happiness for the both of you. Thank you, red. You know, that means a lot coming from you. Yeah. Well, I should be going. You got a lot to celebrate. Thanks. ♪ get it on tonight ♪ ♪ get it on tonight ♪ ♪ get it on tonight ♪ Dan? Is something wrong? Look, there's no easy way to say it, So I'm just gonna come out with it. I need some space. Space? What does that mean? Time apart, You and me... Apart. What? Why? Did I do something wrong? No. No, savannah, This has nothing to do with you. If this is a joke, it's not funny. I'm sorry. I misled you. I just--I've begun to realize I may not be fit relationship material. And you--you are a wonderful person. You deserve far better than what I've been able to give you so far. Get out. Savannah. Savannah. Red, what are you doing here? Sync by: Lunardelli www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 