Our Boys: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Our Boys 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Our Boys (2019): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 A kidnapping of 3 young Israeli boys by Hamas operatives unites the nation in prayers for their return home, while in the Shabak, the search is on but the odds for them being found alive are low. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Police Department, Udi speaking. -I've been kidnapped. -Hello? -Head down. -Head down! -Hello? -Head down! Head down! Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Answer me. Where are you? Hello? We interrupt this news bulletin to bring you breaking news. The IDF spokesperson released a statement that, last night, contact was lost with three boys at Gush Ezion Junction in the West Bank. All security forces are working 24/7 to track down the missing boys, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and are thoroughly searching the area. As I said, there are three boys who left this junction last night, and since then contact was lost. Mohammed! Come on! The statement doesn't elaborate on what happened to them, whether they were kidnapped or something else... The three may have been abducted by a terrorist organization here in the Hebron area. The names of the boys have been released. Eyal Yifrach, 19, from Elad, Naftali Frenkel, 16, from Nof Ayalon, and Gilad Shaer, 16, from Talmon. This burnt car that was found near a village in the West Bank, may lead us to speculate what had happened. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 They hitched a ride yesterday, but rather than taking them north to Jerusalem, they were taken south to Hebron. One of them managed to call the police, and report the kidnapping. -Police Department. Udi speaking. -I've been kidnapped. -Your head down! Head down! -Hello? The IDF and Shabak are searching for the three boys. The military has named the operation: "Brother's Keeper." Hebron hasn't seen this many troops in years. We're in the heart of the city. Good night. We're in Area A. Good night, my son. I don't know what they're doing, perhaps making arrests... It's been seven days since the abduction and there's still no definitive information that can lead to the three boys or determine what happened to them. On the ground, arrests are continuing. Yesterday, Israeli troops met strong resistance. We know and feel the enormous efforts to bring home Eyal, Gilad and Naftali. People are gathering nationwide and praying. Little children are reciting Psalms, and old people are shedding tears. We're moved and grateful and ask you to keep on praying. Keep praying, stay together. I beg you from the bottom of my heart, keep praying. Two weeks since the boys were abducted, the IDF has expanded the searches and employed new technological means, but there is still no lead as to their whereabouts. Concerted efforts continue by the IDF's finest units, the Shabak, the Israel Police, the Border Police. We all consider this mission top priority. EYAL YIFRACH 17 days since the boys were abducted, and there is still no trace of what happened to them. A mass gathering is taking place tonight in Tel Aviv, thousands of citizens are joining the three families in Rabin Square, to pray for the return of the three boys. The three families are being embraced by many attendees. Earlier we heard the three mothers asking people to pray and that's what's happening here tonight. More than 20,000 people... We are not at this rally to protest or awaken anyone. We are all wide awake. No one can sleep. There are three boys out there, children who are very much alive, they are not merely a symbol. Our boys know that we will never cease our efforts. They know no one will give up hope. These women who are met with loud applause and "Amen" after every sentence are the three mothers... The glasses were found here, 40 meters away from where we assume the car was parked when they took the hostages out. The condition of the glasses supports the assumption that they were no longer alive at this point. And it supports our claim that they are somewhere in this radius. Let me get this straight. For 17 days we focused our search on this area and now these glasses turn up and shatter our conception? -Yes or no? -No. We traced the boys' phones. -How close are we? -We're close. Get in, Yochi! Get in! I'm Simon. May you enjoy your freedom. You signed with your lawyer present, right? And Itzik explained all the technical details? Good. It must be hard, but you're doing the right thing. -Spare me, okay? -Think about it. If there's a revenge attack for the kidnapped boys, it'll be very difficult to find them, if not impossible. Unbelievable. The whole country is going insane trying to find these boys and the monsters who kidnapped them, and only you, the Jewish Division... A gang of low-lifes. All you care about is what'll happen if a true Jew finally dares to do something about it. Okay. Are you done? You're no longer interested in our arrangement? Should we call it off? No problem, you'll go back to prison, no harm done. We won't tell anyone about this. Come on, Yochi. Let's get started. Your buddies Fogelman and Miller, we have concrete intel that they're planning a revenge attack for the boys' kidnapping. Bullshit, you got nothing! You know Fogelman's brother? The soldier. Fogelman has been stealing his weapon every Saturday. He has his own firing range near Yitzhar. I have no idea, I didn't hear anything while in prison. I'm updating you now! Get a grip on yourself, Yochanan! We now go live to the Western Wall, where thousands are gathering for a mass prayer for the three kidnapped boys. Our correspondent, Sivan Rahav, is there this evening. There's an atmosphere of uncertainty. Without any information regarding the boys' fate, there are thousands here singing and praying. I hear you're not going back to the yeshiva. Yeah, I think I've had enough. That's too bad. You sure you can't go back? You'll regret it. What'll you do instead? Work? There must be yeshivas that aren't as stressful. Just go to a different one. Rallies like this are taking place nationwide, in Tel-Aviv's Rabin Square, Givat Shmuel, Petah Tikva, Beit Shemesh and many other places... Those Arab bastards are celebrating our prayers and our whining. They can tell we're weak. Why do you have to curse, Avi? "For the sin of cursing the men of Israel die young." Stop preaching, Yinon. I can't stand it when you talk like that. Hey, why are you fighting about? Yinon thinks I'm embarrassing him by cursing the Arabs that kidnapped the boys. Death to those Arab sons of bitches, may they burn, may their babies choke in their graves, amen. Am I embarrassing you? Five baguettes, five drinks. Hey, Simon. -Are they there yet? -No, not yet. God will bless and keep the missing boys, Eyal, son of Iris, Gilad, son of Bat Galim, and Naftali, son of Rachel, among our brothers being held captive, for this huge crwod is praying for them. God will have mercy on them... Okay, here are the Fogelmans. I see Miller and Rosenthal too. There's Rothstein. If any of them disappears, I want to know about it. -Alina, put Yochi on. -Okay. There they are. No way we can wiretap them. -Do we know the others? Who's the girl? -I'll check. -Simon, Yochi is on the line. -Here. -Yochi, can you hear me? -Yes. Stay with them until the evening is over. -Okay. I got it. -Itzik will be in touch with you. Do you see them? At your ten o'clock. I can't see anything. -Look up. -Where? On your left. Good luck. -Are we on them? -Yes. But it's a much bigger story, Mike. The whole country believes they're alive and... -What a nightmare. -Let's leak it out. -Leak what out? -What we already know. You can't. Mike, our message shouldn't be that we're expecting to find them alive. No one in that room will agree to put out a statement that essentially means we're looking for bodies. It's a balloon that keeps getting bigger, hope, hope, hope... Hope isn't a bad thing. It's solidarity. When we find them dead, all this will blow up in our faces. Maybe it's worth talking to the families? And tell them what? Ask them to help us calm down this mass prayer thing. If it was your child, wouldn't you want them to keep praying? If they're still alive, everyone's in a frenzy. The Jewish Division considers this frenzy as dangerous. Okay, but there are other considerations. Listen, it's super sensitive, Simon. I don't think the families should be part of it. Put yourself in their shoes. Let me talk to their spokesperson. What's his name? Matan? The families' spokeperson. I think it's essential. I'm not sure it's a good idea. A Song of Ascents Out of the Depth I cry to you O Lord For with the Lord there is mercy And with Him is full redemption For with the Lord there is mercy And with Him is full redemption He himself will redeem Israel From all their sins Among the thousand that took part in the mass service for the missing boys on the stage, it was the brother of one of the boys, Eyal Yifrach who read verses from Psalms and the whole crowd repeated after him, not only here in Jerusalem, but in Tel Aviv and other places too. Good evening. Everything okay? -Where are you headed? -Adam. -Let them through. -Go ahead. Good night. May our prayer be sweet before You May our prayer be sweet before You Please, Merciful One In Your abundant mercy... May our prayer be sweet What's wrong, Avishai? What's wrong? Why are you crying? -They'll find them, don't worry. -Avishai, they'll find them. Listen to Yosef Haim. He knows what he's saying. They're alive, they're okay. They'll come home soon. Just sing. Get the noise out of your head. Sing. Sing. My son texted me, he said he's on his way home, and then he's gone. It's every mother's nightmare for waiting and waiting endlessly for her child to come home... Since then, she heard nothing. No news, no sign of life. ...at the same time, I believe much more can be done and should be done by so many. That is why we mothers have come here today, before the United Nations, and before the world, asking everyone... -Hi, Mom. You're still up? -How can I sleep? Mr. President, I wish to ask, doesn't every child have the right to come home safely from school? It is wrong to take children, innocent boys and girls, and use them as instruments of any struggle. -You'll bring them back. Right, Simon? -God willing. We just want them back in our home, in their bed, we just want to hug them again. Bring your plate closer. -Stay, where are you going? -To the mosque, where else? What's up, Khaled? Look what I brought for pre-fast meal. Something you like. What's wrong? Are you upset I was late? Here, take this. You're tired already? Wake up, man! -I made you some coffee. -Thanks. Ricki comes to clean at 4:00, don't send her away. It's her job. Don't I clean well enough? Okay, never mind now. I'll see you at the bris, okay? Bye. TOTO: Booked a ticket? When do you arrive? Soon. TOTO: Are you coming by boat? Mohammed! The machine is stuck. Enough with the phone! Iyad! Iyad! -What's going on, Dad? -Your brother is a child. I can't trust him. Turn it back on. Enough with the phone! Turn it back on. Here, it's working fine. I'm starting a meeting, talk to you soon. -Simon? -I'm Simon. This is Itzik. Hi. Matan. I appreciate you finding time to meet us. -Of course, I'm here to help. -Well, you're already helping us. In this atmosphere, the tone used by the parents of the three boys -is certainly restrained. -Thank you. We're working very hard to keep the extremist voices away from the families. It hasn't been easy, there's a lot of rage. -Plenty of psychos to go around. -We really appreciate it. But the reason we asked to talk to you... ...has more to do with a message that the parents have been putting out there. Matan, look... Maybe the emphasis here is on the prayers. -The prayers? -I'm worried about the day after, when it turns out the prayers went unanswered. There are extremists that could react very badly. Frankel's mother clearly said, "God doesn't work for us." Those were her words. All the networks aired it. So, what exactly are you trying to say? I'm saying that at this stage, after finding the glasses, and knowing what we know, it may be best not to create a feeling of confidence in the boys coming back alive. Tell me, do you have any kids? Look, it's not my role to decide. But I won't tell these poor parents what to say. I'm just trying to help them deal with this tsunami. And I suggest to you, knowing how complicated the work in your division is, stop speculating and just find them. Damn it. It's... Just find them already. Day 18 of searches everyone is volunteering, showing the unity of the Israeli people, people are searching every inch in this heavy heat. Orthodox, secular, religious, everyone is here. Right wingers, left wingers, these boys... Let's join the searches, Avishai. What do you think? -Not today, Yosef Haim. -But it's only half an hour. I can't. I have a meeting at Grandpa's about the yeshiva. Let it go, Avishai. Why do you want to go back to a yeshiva that made you suffer? You said it's like a prison. You wanna go back to prison? You can't force someone to do something he doesn't want to do. Take me, nothing worked. -Then what should I do, then? -Come work for me. Listen to your uncle for once! I'm serious, Avishai. I need someone at my eyewear store. I might be opening more branches. You could be branch manager. Think about it. Avishai? My flight to Istanbul is on August 3rd. Mohammed! Mohammed! -What happened here? -I don't know. That's it, no more excuses. This machine cost me 60,000 shekels and you just threw it all away? -I didn't break it! -Then who did? -Maybe Abu Karam. -It's Ramadan and you're lying? I'm fasting! I swear, it wasn't me. -Ask Iyad. -Iyad? You were on the machine. I was on the roof. No trip to Istanbul! I didn't buy the ticket and I'm not going to! -But I didn't break it! -That's it! Go fill in holes with Abu Karam. Quickly! Please, dad, it wasn't me. You can't cancel my trip. I told you, you were in charge, didn't it? Did I say that or not? Mohammed! Come here! Mohammed! Clashes between Palestinians and IDF forces in the area, where extensive searches for the three boys were taking place. Our correspondent Nir Dvori is in Halhul, Yonit, as you can see, massive military forces are arriving, The area has been locked down. The military has taken control. We see military vehicles. Alina, can we have a few minutes? Thank you. -I understand you met Matan. -Nice of him to give you live updates. -He was stunned by your demands. -I didn't make any demands. I just told him about our concerns and tried to convey a message. Let me tell you what he understood, in his own words: "It's our fault again?" "Three innocent boys get kidnapped, their parents are going through hell," "and if they dare hold on to the most human of hopes" "that they'll get to see their sons come home alive," "the Shabak's Jewish Division accuses them of incitement." -I never said it was their fault. -But that's what he understood. Aren't we being a little too sensitive? He's the families' spokesperson, he's a pro, that's why I spoke with him, not the parents. But we're all the parents now, even if we're pros. Only you're emotionally detached from what's going on. I don't get it. Listen, going to him was a mistake and now I have to put this fire out. For now, focus on your usual suspects. "Price Tag." Yochi Har-Zahav, Rosenthal, Fogelman, Miller, all the hilltop boys. Forget about the psychology of the masses, that's not your job. Okay? Thank you. Binyamin. -Hello, Rabbi. -Hello. This is my grandson, Avishai. He studied at Maor Torah up until a few months ago. An excellent yeshiva. Where are you now? He's still deliberating. -God willing. -God willing. -Good luck, Avishai. -Amen. Thank you. Let's go in. I want to tell you something, and your father here can hear it too. Avishai, look at me. That student you just met? He studied with your uncle Yosef Haim at the same yeshiva. They studied together. Did you know that, Yakov? And both of them had a crisis at your age. And both left the yeshiva. And that student sat here, where you're sitting now, and cried, "Rabbi, I can't do it." And I told him what I'm telling you. The greater the potential, the greater the test. And look at him now. Happy. Look at his smile, how illuminated he is. That night I went home and talked to Yosef Haim, I said to him, "Son, I beg you, return to the yeshiva." I cried to him in tears, Avishai. But he didn't listen to me. And look at him now. Avishai, who do you want to be? You must decide who you want to be. I do want to decide, but... Last time I didn't have God's help, I was depressed. -Avishai. -You saw it. You must be strong, Avishai. And God will do the rest. You have the strength! Stop it! It's annoying! He's forbidding me from the trip I've been planning for a year. I won't give you the money behind your father's back. But he doesn't believe I didn't break it! Go settle it with him. -Where are you going? Come here. - To look for a job. Come here. Where will you find a job? With the Jews. Mohammed! Mohammed! On this day we shall rejoice. We open with praise to our host. We know the father, an outstanding wise scholar. A fine student. His father, Rami, my dear friend, loves the Torah. Never missed a day in the yeshiva. -Who is he? -Who's he? The rabbi that saved your brother's life. He's a brilliant scholar. A great rabbi. Who told you he's so great? Don't be disrespectful. Okay? If you wish to pray for the well-being of our missing boys... Naftali son of Rachel, Gilad son of Bat Galim, Eyal son of Iris. -May God protect them from evil. -Amen. This is the best time to do so. Father of the son. You appoint me to circumcise your son. I hereby appoint you to circumcise my son. Bless God Who has sanctified us and ordained circumcision. Amen. Blessed are You, God... Mazel Tov! -What's up? -Listen. When the manager asks, answer in Hebrew, "It's all good, bro. No problem, bro." Okay. This is Yoni, the shift manager. This is Mohammed. Hello. So you want to do a trial shift today? -You speak Hebrew? -No problem, bro. Okay, this is what we'll do. Give him Shmuel's name tag for now, tell him not to speak any Arabic, okay? When you're done, go back to the kitchen, okay? It won't work. I haven't lived with her since I was 10. Now it's, "Good morning, Mom, get dressed, eat." But she doesn't want assisted living, you're going to force her? -She wants to be with her children. -Fine, I get it. You're the only one with a spare room, and you're alone. Rami, it won't work. They found them. Bodies. I have to go. Send my regards and take Mom home. -Shimon, is something wrong? -Work, these are trying times. May God bless you, and give you strength, wisdom and faith to find our kidnapped boys and deliver them from darkness and restore them to their families, amen. Bye. -Itzik, where is Yochi? -At home. Where he spent the night. But we have new intel that Fogelman and Miller have left Yitzhar. Okay, send him a car to pick him up. -Now? -Yes, now. ...in this area, north of Hebron, it's the 18th day of searching for the three missing boys, and we are still under a gag order, but the assumption becomes more and more somber. To be exact, the developments are not good. Grave, grave developments. We'll get back to you. We're updating you now, with regret, on the death of the three kidnapped boys, Eyal Yifrach, Gilad Shaer and Naftali Frenkel. The whole country hoped for a happy ending, yet we're informing you now that several hours ago, the three bodies were found near Hebron. two and a half weeks after the abduction, and after the IDF embarked on Operation Brother's Keeper. The thorough and arduous searches ended in a terrible and tragic way, unlike what anyone in this country wanted. Naftali Frenkel, Gilad Shaer and Eyal Yifrach, of blessed memory. Mohammed. Can you hear me? If you're around Jews, don't answer me in Arabic. They must have found the bodies of those boys. They've got it in for the Arabs, come home now. Mohammed, where are you? Your mother said you went to West Jerusalem. Tell me the address in Hebrew. Mohammed. It's all good, bro. He really is in West Jerusalem. Go home now, you can't be here. You understand what I'm saying? Run, don't stop on the way. -Yes. -Yochi, where are Fogelman and Miller? They're all in Yitzhar. I already told Itzik. I want you to go up there now and find out what's going on. I haven't been with my family in three months. -I'll go tomorrow. -Yochi! Listen to me. They dropped off radar half an hour ago. -I need you to find them, now. -How am I supposed to find them? They have no phones, they told me nothing. -Everyone's out on the streets... -We know they're still in Yitzhar. Go up there, find them, and stick with them. You got that? The van will take you to Tapuach Junction. You hitchhike from there. Is that clear? -Yes. -And no nonsense. Remember, we're tracking you the whole time. No Arabs, no terrorist attacks! No Arabs, no terrorist attacks! -No Arabs, no terrorist attacks! -Death to the Arabs! Death to the Arabs! Death to the Arabs! Death to the Arabs! May their village burn down! Death to the Arabs! Death to the Arabs! Death to the Arabs! This is an unlawful assembly! This is an unlawful assembly! Disperse immediately! If necessary, we will use force. If you don't disperse, you'll get arrested. -Death to those Arab terrorists! -Death! Death! Revenge! Revenge! Revenge! Revenge! Revenge! Revenge! Revenge! Revenge! Revenge! Revenge! Revenge! Revenge! Revenge! Revenge! Revenge! Revenge! Over to you, Amit Segal, with a statement by the Prime Minister. Yes, his first official reaction is as follows: "On behalf of the entire Jewish people" "I say to the dear families, we weep with you." "'Vengeance for the blood of a child, Satan has not yet created.'" "Neither has vengeance for the blood of pure, innocent youths" "who were on their way home to meet their parents" "and will never see them again." And now the key phrase, "Hamas is..." Mohammed! Talk to me! Are you okay? Where are you? -Mohammed? Hello? -I'm here. Where is here? Don't mess with me, where are you? On my way home. What do you want from me? Nothing. Just checking to see if you're okay. Well, didn't you ruin my summer? Because you won't let me travel? Okay, come on home now. We'll talk at home. You promised Mohammed he could travel. You have to keep your word, even if he made a mistake. It's not like smoking a cigarette or skipping school. How is he going to learn anything in life? He did good at school this year so that he could go to Istanbul. -Now you're taking it away from him? -He should do good every year. You know what? Better for him to be a worker like Iyad. -Don't break his spirit. -I'm trying to raise him to be a man. -Stop overprotecting him! -Not like this, Hussein. -Don't be like... -Like who? Now I'm to blame? I bought him a ticket to Istanbul so he can go. Give it to him, and tell him, "Your father punished you," "but I bought it behind his back." Give it to him. -Who is it? -Mohammed. Can I come in? No, wait. He's come to grovel. Don't tell him about the ticket. Come in. I told Naji to get the crane to hang the Ramadan sign, but he wants to hear from you that it's alright. -I'll call him soon. -Thank you. Are you happy now? -Why didn't you give it to him? -Calm down. You're worse than him. Be careful, man! Watch out, Mohammed. No sign is worth dying for. It's a good deed for Ramadan, you wouldn't understand. Besides, I'm like a cat. I always land on my feet. Something's going on. Something's happening. What do you see? I don't know. Plug it in, Khaled. Let's check if it works. Move, move! Settlers tried to kidnap her son! Go home, the police will do nothing. When you left your parents' home, did you notice anyone following you? No. Did they try to kidnap you too, or just your boy? My son, Daoud. They hit me. Look what they did to him. Look. Try to describe exactly what happened. I was walking with my children. Yamen was in front of me, Daoud was behind me. Then I heard Daoud scream. I turned around to see. I found the settler holding him by the neck, trying to shove him into the car. I ran towards him and shouted and pulled his hair so he'd let go. Then he hit me over the head. Calm down, breathe. At least the boy is okay. -What car did he have? -Let me do my job. Please ask her. You're standing here consoling her. -Maybe he had a fight with someone? -Did you fight with someone, dear? No, a settler tried to kidnap him. -How do you know he was a settler? -They spoke Hebrew among them. You said there was only one person. So who was he speaking with? I don't remember. Do you remember what he looked like? What did the guy look like? Ask her what he looked like. Do you remember what he looked like? Young, his glasses fell off and he came back to get them. Let's go. It's a waste of time. A youngster. His glasses fell off and he came back to get them. If they really wanted to know, there are tons of cameras on the stores. The Shabak knows everything. They don't need our cameras. Stay with me until all the guys get here. It's gonna be long, they'll come right before prayers. I'm going to nap. So, you'll be here before the prayer? -Sure. -Don't be late. But today it's your turn to bring the pre-fast meal. I'll bring something from home. -Okay, bye. -Bye, see you. Over these past 18 days, we have etched in our hearts, in the heart of the entire nation, the images of Eyal, Gilad and Naftali. who were struck down by evil murderers. Murderers who with unspeakable cruelty, and without batting an eye, violated the ancient decree: "Do not raise a hand against the boy." A deep and wide moral abyss separates us from our enemies. They sanctify death, while we sanctify life. They sanctify cruelty, while we sanctify compassion. This is the secret of our strength, it is the foundation of our unity. In the name of God, most Gracious, most Merciful. God protect me from the accursed Satan. -What's wrong? -I don't know, I'm suffocating. God protect me from the accursed Satan. Where are you going? Go to sleep. You shouldn't stay up all night. Don't press hard, my love. I said I feel like I'm choking. -Give me your flip-flops. -Where are you going? To pray at the mosque. There's still time before the call to prayer. I'll sit outside with the guys. Where else would I go? Give them to me. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 