Our Boys: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Our Boys 
 s1e6 - Episode #1.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Our Boys (2019): Season 1, Episode 6 - Episode #1.6 - full transcript 
 [HBO] HD. 'Chapter 6: Acceptance of Silence.' (Season One) Simon turns to Dvora for help in getting Avishai to talk. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Take a look. Avishai, you better start talking. Yosef Haim and Yinon have already told us most of it, so you'd better start talking too, otherwise they'll dump it all on you, on you alone. Do you understand that? Do you understand the meaning of it? Good morning, Avishai. My name is Simon. That's my nickname at the Shabak. I work for the Shabak. So, if you want to talk to me, call me Simon, okay? I can imagine what you're going through. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And I know you're probably very angry at me. You feel like I've conned you, like I used you. Do you know why you're here? Something appalling has happened. The worst possible thing. Knowing you, I'm sure you're horrified by it too. We know that a boy about your age got kidnapped, strangled, beaten over the head with an iron rod and then set on fire. We know exactly who was there, too. But I have a feeling... I might be wrong, but I believe you didn't do it. That you were there, but you didn't take part in this act. And that's why your silence is making things worse for you. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Unless you say otherwise, you're a full accomplice to this crime. They're Ashkenazi tefillin, that's all they had here. I hope that's okay. Are you still on your vow of silence? Yes. Good morning. Good morning. It's Simon. I'd like you to come down for a brief questioning. Is it the same matter? - Come down here, we'll talk. Okay. Where? - Come to the Russian Compound. Okay, I can be there around ten. - It's urgent. I've got urgent cases of my own. I'll let you know if I can get there any earlier. Get here as soon as you can. Goodbye. Goodbye. Simon. From the Shabak. What did he want? He wants me to go down there now for a quick interrogation. Where? - At the Russian Compound. "The Martyr of Al-Aqsa" I stayed here all night to have them ready before your meeting with the president. "Martyr of Al-Aqsa"? Why? Who told you to write "Martyr of Al-Aqsa"? Iyad... He didn't die in an attack or in a protest. But all the martyrs die for Al-Aqsa! Change it. - What should I write instead? Write "Martyr of the Dawn". OUR BOYS ACCEPTANCE OF SILENCE Good morning, it's 9 AM, we have a special broadcast. Four days after Muhammad Abu Khdeir's murder, the Palestinian rage protests escalate. Riots spread from South to North. Tens of thousands of protesters in dozens of places across the country. In Negev there are violent riots and road blocks. Nazareth was blocked due to major protests including fires and stone throwing. Riots and stone throwing in Central Israel and the Galilee towns. Wadi Ara, the main route connecting to Galilee, is blocked. In East Jerusalem the clashes continue. In Al-Aqsa Mosque protesters clashed with security forces, Hamas continues rockets firing at the Southern settlements following Abu Khdeir's murder. More than 150 rockets were launched in the last 24 hours. No casualties. Netanyahu orders Army troops to prepare for ground invasion. 40.000 reserve soldiers are recruited. Palestinian President Abu Mazen urged the UN to form an International Commission of Inquiry into Abu Khdeir's murder. Abu Mazen met the Abu Khdeir family in his Ramallah headquarters. What happened to our beloved Muhammad sadly reminds us and reminds Israelis as well things that they shouldn't have done, things that were done to them during their history. If they were victims, we don't have to be victims too. And everyone will get what they deserve. The assailants of this boy will pay the price. They corrupted his face, but he is still more beautiful than them. We should announce we've arrested suspects. Maybe it'll calm things down. - There's a press briefing tonight. But we still have to tie up some loose ends on the Shelly Dadon story, because we're putting them out together. What? I don't get it. Shelly Dadon, the girl killed a couple months ago. I know who Shelly Dadon is, what's that got to do with this? Jewish terror, Arab terror, that's what. So Shelly Dadon was a terrorist attack? We'll be putting out an assessment that says we're not ruling out political motives. Not ruling it out... - That's right. You guys... It wasn't my idea. If the Abu Khdeirs hear about the arrest only through the media and that you're linking it with an unrelated murder... It'll bite us in the ass. - You're exaggerating, Uri. I don't want to start things off with this family on the wrong foot. It's crucial for the case. They're going to be under immense pressure not to cooperate with us, and I need them by my side for this trial. Fine! How much? Let's go upstairs. We have bigger issues right now. What? - Nothing. We had dinner, I played some music for my daughter, and we both fell asleep. You said you went to Sacker Park. - That's right. Sometimes I get things mixed up... Turn down the sound. This is how he's been since the arrest. He's manic, won't stop talking, but we can't get anywhere. What did he say about the wiretapes? A million stories. Different versions. And we've got nothing? Can't we push him more? What about special measures? - It's the Jewish Division. They're privileged. - I know, Simon. Still. The evidence isn't enough? - You don't have any evidence. Once the lawyers arrive... - Next. Yinon Edri. What? I'm telling you the truth. I have no idea what you want. It's time of admission for the big yeshivas, and I got in, but tomorrow I've got another test. This yeshiva only has one spot left for a Sephardic student, because it's a leading Ashkenazi yeshiva, and I'm one of two who can take that spot. What do you suggest? - I don't know, maybe... Put me on house arrest. Is he serious? There's nothing more important for them than getting into that yeshiva. Now, the third one, Avishai Elbaz. He doesn't talk. He learned something from the Hilltop guys. I don't think it's a tactic, it's a sign of distress. He continues his vow of silence since yesterday. I don't think he was directly involved. If it's true, he's our only chance to get it over with. How? Do you have a plan? Avishai, it's Dvora. I'm waiting for you. I hope you're alright. Let me know if there's been any change. Thank you. Rabbi Mintz. Please, come in. Someone cancelled. Thank you. We can do that at the end of the session. Go inside. Did you hear about last night? Rabbi Shalom Ben David's son was arrested. No. I didn't hear. Either way, if the police decides to contact you, there is no reason to tell them I referred him to you, is there? No, no reason. Please. As I told Rabbi Naftali, anything said in this room stays here, he can speak freely, right? Yes, up to a point. We got the security cameras from the eyewear store. This is the day of the murder, a few hours before they left. There's a ton of footage here. Watch this. Turn on the sound! There is no sound. It's a security camera. What can we get from this? Not much. We don't know what they're saying. Hold on, rewind. Look at our leaf in the wind. He's psyched. Maybe they're telling him about the kidnapping. Or they could be talking about the World Cup. We need audios or this is useless. Uri. - Yes. Those bastards... I'll come straight away. Thank you. - What is it? Honenu filed a petition to allow lawyers. The hearing is in an hour. - If they get their lawyers in here... It's a catastrophe. If they come before the confessions, we can shut this thing down. Did the President promise you any operative steps, such as cutting off security coordination with Israel? The President will speak to the world's leaders. They will demand the International Inquiry Committee. We shouldn't leave the investigation at the hands of Israel. You don't trust Israeli law enforcement to catch the killers? It's just talking... Will Israel bring to justice your son's murderers? Israeli doesn't care about Palestinians when they're alive. The offence is very severe. - Abu Iyad! Last question. Did the president promise you he will take operative steps politically? I repeat my question, is Abu Mazen aware of the anger towards him? It looks like he is not aware a child was murdered. From what we get from the social networks and the media, it's obvious there is a lot of anger towards the president from every direction. Whether you like it or not, this is the truth. When will you sign the Rome Statute that will enable you to sue the Israeli opressor? He who knows will never be punished will keep doing what he wants. This is why Muhammad Abu Khdeir was burnt alive! Besides the adult there are two 17 year old minors, without any ideological affiliation, no ties to any group, no record of violence. Okay. Thank you. - Wait, your honor. The Shabak interrogations are not recorded, so there can be significant human rights violations, and a fundamental miscarriage of justice. Mr. Korv? I would first like to thank my colleague from Honenu, an organization that has taken up the cause of providing pro bono legal aide to Jewish suspects of nationalistic terrorism, that I admire his commitment to human rights... Mr. Korv is risking a defamation lawsuit. We are not dealing with one of the "vandalism" cases my colleague usually represents. This isn't burning down an Arab's olive tree, torching an Arab's car, not even shooting at Palestinians. It's a boy who was burned alive. And there is no evidence tying my clients to it. The only question is the application of terrorism orders. The case is extremely severe. - Uri, what are you asking for? We see no reason to deviate from the protocol of the law. A team leader with the Shabak can order up to six days of delay for meeting with an attorney. We demand the meeting with my clients to take place now. We meet here again in 1.15 hours. Come in. Follow me. In here. This is as far as you can go. You can wait in the cafeteria. Is this an interrogation? Is she suspected of something? No, of course not. Because if there's any doubt, I want to join you. It's just for background, history, things like that. I'd still prefer it if he came in with me. I may not find my way out. You will, don't worry. I have a right to an attorney. - No, you don't. You're welcome to appeal to the Supreme Court. If anything of a criminal nature comes up, can she call me in? Yes. Come. Please, leave your phone here. Tomer. Good luck. - Thanks. Tomer, the gate. Watch your head. I'm sorry about the location. All the other rooms are taken. I can imagine. Okay... This is what I have on Yosef Haim Ben David. I don't think you'll find anything there I haven't already told you. But just to be on the safe side. - Thanks. We arrested him last night. He's being interrogated. So, how can I help? In terms of Yosef Haim, we have what we need for now. Leave the paperwork here. But we arrested two other boys along with him. From his family. You can probably imagine who. - No. I think you can. One of them is your patient. Avishai Elbaz. I know you were trying to protect him. It would have been very helpful if you'd told me about him on Friday. We know he was there, along with Yosef Haim and another nephew. We've got security footage, communications, surveillance. We just don't know what everyone was doing there. Who did what. Look, I'm... I can only imagine... If I had to guess what happened, I'd say he was dragged into it by Yosef Haim. It's unlikely he committed the... Murder. What is he saying? He gestured that he took a vow of silence. He is silent. Not saying a word. Has he done that before? - Yes, occasionally. It's part of his OCD. He won't write anything down either. So it's no longer a religious matter. I imagine he's extremely anxious and trying not to fall apart. Silence helps him with that. But it doesn't help him with this interrogation, it's only making things worse. I tend to agree with you, about his part in the murder. He's not the type. I've been following him closely for the past two days. Very closely. - Yes. The question is, how do we get him to say it? Are you asking me? I don't know in what state he is now. I don't know what he's going through. Would you like to see him? Would that help you? After looking through the Shabak investigation file and as it has been made clear that the interrogation is planned for the immediate future, I have become convinced that this action does in fact justify denying contact with an attorney for 12 additional hours. Beginning at this moment. - Thank you, your honor. Her honor surely understands that, we have no way of completing this investigation in 12 hours. I don't work for the Shabak. I'm very happy about that. - Get me something solid. You've got nothing at the moment. Good luck, Korv. Uri? - Mike? 12 hours. Very bad. Are you heading back? - Soon. I need to take care of something. Can you make it bigger? Help me get him out of this state. Are you serious? You're asking me to help interrogate my patient? It's for his own good, Dvora. If he's not involved in the murder, it's in our best interest to talk. It's not in all of our best interest. We don't share the same interest. I am his therapist. - You know what? Go in there and give him therapy! I don't want you to question him. Don't say a word about the murder. Just get him out of this state! I can't. Dvora, we're seconds away from war. You have to help me. - I don't have to! I don't! And I'd like to see my husband now. Now. Do you think he did it? Or not? - I think... I think he just followed Yosef Haim. He's so dependent, he can't say no to him. What does that mean, "just followed"? Do you think a person just finds himself in something like this? You don't know him. - I don't care to know him! I'm familiar with their education, I know the mentality... Why these generalizations? - Talk to your neighbors! They feed on hatred and racism and nationalism from day one. Who are you protecting here? Three ultra-orthodox thugs. They're plunging this country into the depths of hell. Do you even care what he did? If he's even guilty? I think... As the saying goes, "you've come to the kingdom for such a time as this." This is one of the worst crimes in the history of the Jewish people. He's my patient. You know what this means. Yes, but all you have to do is treat him, not question him. And your conversation is under complete confidentiality, they can't listen. What is the conflict of interest? Keep your son away from them. Ask him to stand next to you. Leave him be. He's angry. - He must stand by your side. My condoleances. - Thank you. Iyad, come here! Mt condoleances. - May you live a long life. Hello, Mr. Abu Khdeir. I'm Uri Korv, the lawyer handling your son's case. Can we talk? Talk. In private. Go with him. We'll stay here. Are you okay? Do you have everything you need? Yes. This is a panic button. The signal goes to me. Press it when you're done. I've removed his handcuffs and I've cut off the camera and the microphone. You can tell him that. I'm not going to tell him that if I'm not sure it's the truth. It's the truth. - Okay. Amir. Avishai. Come, look at me. I'm not with them. I'm on your side. No one can see us or hear us. They're not allowed. It's the law. Everything here is disconnected. I don't know what happened, and you don't have to tell me. I'm here to help you. To make things easier for you. I wanted us to maybe talk about what came up in our last session. Because I think there was a moment where maybe... I didn't see you. Where it might have looked like I was trying to push you to go to the Yeshiva, just like everybody else. Instead of supporting you. And understanding you. Here, drink this. Amen. Do you remember we discused about this vow of silence? And do you remember what your grandfather, Rabbi Shalom, said? That if it is detrimental to your health, your mental health, it's not just unnecessary, it's flat out forbidden. "Take good heed". Remember? On matters like these, my opinion is just like knowledge of the Torah. How about we work together for a bit, okay? Let's start, okay? You write it down, and then we'll see. Maybe we'll read it together? Emotion. Automatic Thought. No one knows about it, that's why I'm here, to tell you it looks like we caught your son's killers. Who are they, these killers? Where are they from? I can't go into detail now. But we have suspects. Suspects? You won't fool me again. Do you think I'm stupid? When will you let them go? Not anytime soon. I promise you that. The Shabak and police conducted a major operation they did a good job. Good job? Where were you? Why didn't you catch them before? I've heard you saying these things in the media. This investigation was top priority. Now we must all calm down. - Calm down? You were sent here to calm me down? We can't open our mouths. You're killing us in the streets. And we can't talk. You can go now. Go. God be with you. I didn't come here to tell you to calm down. That came out wrong. You don't know me yet. I'm here to ensure this case goes without a hitch. Then do your job. What do you want from me? Here's my number. I'll contact you soon. I am sorry for your loss, Hussein. Emotion: Depression, 100. Anxiety, 100. Automatic thought: I don't have any right to exist. I wish I'd never been born. I wish I was the one who was burned. Negative proof. Let's try, Avishai. Let's try. What could contradict this picture? I know you're in a dark pit right now. I know. I also know it's very hard to find any light in there. It's hard for me, too. But let's think. Maybe there's something. Maybe there's... Some kind of crack? Or something that can... Do you know Rabi Rashi's "My punishment is greater than I can bear"? No? When Cain murders Abel, the Lord punishes him and curses him. Cain says, "My punishment is greater than I can bear". But then Rabi Rashi says there's a question mark. "My punishment is greater than I can bear?" Yes, Cain says, I have murdered, but is there anything in this world that can speak in my favor? But I didn't murder. What did you say? I didn't murder. What? How is he? - Talk to him. He wants to talk. - Thank you. I'd like to ask you to keep me updated on his condition, okay? Is that possible? - Yes. Amir, open up. Avishai. - Yes. What's happening? - The youngest one started talking. Simon's interrogating him. I'm running off to the briefing. We need to get him out for a reenactment. I need to get a full confession, confront him with the others... Even if they confess, when the lawyers get here, they'll recant. There are no protocols, no recordings, no nothing. You have memos. Try showing those worthless pages to a judge. One line for every hour of interrogation. A suspect confessing on camera is something solid. Where will we do the reenactment now? East Jerusalem? Shuafat? It's a warzone. I'd need a battalion to go there. Anyhow, the road is blocked. I'm in the briefing. Hello. Hello, Hussein. It's Uri, the lawyer. Can we talk for a moment? Call me later, at nine or ten. It's very urgent... When do you want to do it? Tonight, it's urgent. Hello, Hussein. - Peace be unto you. I see... Hussein, are you with me? - Yes, I'll talk to you later. Mukhtar! You know the Israelis very well. I don't know what they're planning. It feels like a game to me. The Israelis are in trouble. This is damage control. They kill Palestinians every day. Why should the murder of Mohammed matter to them? Because of the horrible way he was murdered and the false statements about him. Public opinion is against them. You are stronger than them, Hussein. Thank you, Muktar. They are currently being interrogated in our facilities. They began to cooperate. - Did they confess? It's the start of the cooperation. I'll hand out the text of our official statement. Here. - Thank you. Hold on, I don't understand. - Yes, look. We want to take this opportunity to update you on the progress in the Shelly Dadon case, the victim from Afula. We removed the court's gag order this morning. The name of the murderer is Hussein Khalifa from the Arab village Ablin. Our official assessment is that it was a political crime. I don't understand. How are the Abu Khdeir and Shelly Dadon cases related? There was a breakthrough in the Dadon case this weekend. But you issued a gag order until the 14th on Shelly Dadon, why report it now? Guys, it's all in the release. We were waiting for the right time to provide maximal transparency in these tense days for national security. They're more cunning than you can imagine. This is your first time dealing with them. They caught the killers and want to do a reenactment. It's just an act to calm us down. - Do you want to cooperate? They take out entire families with the press of a button and you want to help them appear democratic to the world? I'm not helping them catch a wanted person or seize a home in East Jerusalem. Don't let them get to trial. What kind of thuggish talk is that? - We're members of the Popular Front. We always retaliate. And when we do, it hurts. Mohammed is my son. And I will decide. We open with the Muhammed Abu Khdeir case. There is no doubt, according to the police, this is a group of Jewish teenagers who decide to avenge the murder of the three kidnapped boys in the most brutal way and you, Moshe, have an information from the interrogation room. One of the arrested teenagers cooperates with the investigators. The Police and the Shabak located the car that the kidnappers used that night... A group of extremist youngsters who took the law into their own hands in the most severe way. Thank you, Moshe. Racheli Frenkel, the mother of the late Naftali Frenkel finished the Shiva and talked to the reporters about Abu Khdeir's murder. Even from the deep pain over Naftali's death, it is hard to describe our sadness over the injustice committed in Jerusalem. The spilling of innocent blood goes against our morals and the Torah. No mother or father should ever go through what we are experiencing now. We feel the pain of Mohammed Abu Khdeir's parents. Four days after the murder, PM Netanyahu condemns the Jewish murderers. Here is what he said. We will bring to justice those who comitted this heinous crime. We condemn and denunciate this crime. The security forces have also solved the murder of Shelly Dadon, the girl from Afula. The suspect is a resident of Bilin in the Galilee. We will prosecute him to the full extent of the law as well. Our latest update. Sirens are heard in Ashkelon, in central Israel, and also in Jerusalem hills. Let's hear from our reporter Nir Dvori. Start recording. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 