Dinotopia: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dinotopia 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dinotopia (2002): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 Pilot Frank Scott takes his sons, half-brothers raised by different mothers, along on an island hopping holiday, but just after spotting an unchartered yet inhabited large isle, the plane crashes at sea and unconscious Frank presumably drowns. Dardevil Karl and cautious, studious David swim ashore and are astonished to be find a society where people cohabit happily with tame, even speaking dinosaurs. Told there is no way off the island, they must set out on a perilous 'diono-bus' journey, beleaguered by wild pterodactyls and relieved by Oonu's squadron of tame 'skybax' aerial Dino's, to the splendorous capital Waterfall City, where the ruling mayor sends them to mixed school where Marion, whom they befriended o the way, teaches with her saurian life partner, erudite Zippo. David takes to it and saurians, Karl rebels revolted, yet wins a graduation commendation by cheating. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn - My dearest granddaughter, by the time you read this, you will no doubt have grown into a confident and beautiful young woman. Your journey will not be an easy one. You will be expected to show courage and face many challenges which may threaten to destroy our world. But you are not alone, Marion, and help will come in unexpected ways and from unfamiliar faces. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And as the darkness descends around Dinotopia, never allow it to overwhelm you. Instead, follow your heart and prepare to fulfil your destiny as matriarch. Find the light. - I hate flying. - This'll be a treat, David, we're gonna go island hopping, you're gonna love it, I promise. - Let's just leave him behind, dad, he's gonna be like this all day - I agree with Karl, I was happier reading back at the villa. - You're not gonna be sitting in your room reading, David, you're gonna be 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 out doing something. There, we're all set. Come on, Karl, fly the plane. Now this is very important you keep your air speed above 140. . Okay- This is so cool. - He's flying the plane. - Yeah, I see. - You wake me up 20 minutes before landing. - What? - It's all right, David, I think I know what I'm doing. What is that? - What? - That, there, what is that? You see that? Wake up, Dad, Dad! - Where'd that come from? Hang on, we're gonna turn and try and outrun this thing. Get your belts on. - Dad! We're going out of control. Pull it up, pull it up! - Hang on! It's sucking us in, hang on! Brace yourselves! Come on! Go for the door. - Open the door! Dad, Dad! - Karl! Karl! Where's Dad? - I couldn't get him out! - What are we gonna do? - Follow me. - Where are we? What is this place? - I don't know, Davey, I don't know. - Karl, what are we doing? We should have just stayed with the plane. - We didn't have a choice, David, we would have drowned. - We just left him. - I tried, there was nothing I could do. What happened happened. Now, if we can find some help, a phone, maybe there's a chance. - Where do you think we are? - I don't know, all these islands look the same to me. - I don't believe this, we've been walking for hours and nothing, no people, no houses, not even a road to follow. - Let's get going, we're bound to find someone somewhere. - Do you see that? - What the hell is that? - I dunno. Whatever it is, looks kind of creepy. - Sorry, sorry, apologies. Sincere apologies for any inconvenience, I have permission from the Volcaneum council to explore ancient sites. The hope of finding unused sunstones, it's all in order, I have the papers. Well well well, hello, boys. Sorry, you gave me a bit of a fright there. - Oh, we gave you a fright? - Unless I'm very much mistaken you're something of a rarity, eh? Have you just arrived? - Uh, yes. - Splendid! I knew it! Newcomers. - So where are we exactly? - Dinotopia. Oh, you'll be the talk of the place. It's not every day we get new arrivals. - Dinotopia? Where is that? - Listen, can I use your cell phone? - What? - You know, a telephone. We need to call the Coast Guard right away. We were in a storm, our plane crashed. Our father, he's missing. We've got to get some help. - Ah, you want a postal bird, I'm afraid I can't help you there. - Postal bird? - Postal Bird. - What were you doing up there anyway? - Oh, just a bit of archaeology. - You're the first Archaeologist I've met who uses dynamite. - Yes, well I have a number of occupations to be honest with you. I'm something of an independent spirit which can get a man into trouble around here. Mm, oh, fancy a livener? - No thanks. - Go on. Well for what it's worth and for no extra cost I offer you the eternal friendship of Cyrus Crabb, that's me. Well, wasting me time here. This place's been picked clean with a fine tooth comb. You got anything you want to swap? Rings, watches, no? Well if it's any use to you boys I'll escort you to the Chandara bus depot. I'm catching the bus there myself in about half an hour, fancy that? - Alright. - Follow me. - So, how big is Dinotopia? - Not that big. Couple of hundred miles across. - Two hundred miles? How come we've never heard about it before? - Well we're a little cut off from the rest of the world. - Look at this place. I mean these people. - Come on. - This is really... - Weird. - Well no, just... - You don't think this is weird? - Look at the signs What kind of markings are those? - What's that sound? Is it an animal? - Scalator. - What's going on? What is that? Come on! - Hey, hey, hey it's all right, come on, calm down, calm down. Don't panic. - It can't be. - It's a dinosaur. Dinosaurs died off millions of years ago. - If only, my boy, if only. - It's coming right for us. - Yep, time to say farewell, I think. Oh, there she is. I thought she'd turn up at a time like this. - Who is she? - Come on boys. - What's she doing? - Fun's over. - She must be crazy. - Easy now. - She's nuts. - Calm down, boy don't worry about her. - Calm down. What is it? What's wrong? Toothache. Wow, that was amazing. - She's Dinotopian, 20th generation. I'd love to spend more time with you but I have to catch a night bus to Volcaneum. Very important meeting. If, ah, there's anything you need don't hesitate to call. It's no bother at all. - Crabbs Curios Waterfall City. That's your store? - The finest in antiques and antiquities. And listen, don't waste your time here in the provinces, go to Waterfall City. Ah, you just pick up your tickets over there. - Maybe we'll see you there. - Oh, you can be sure of it. I know future friends when I see them. Cheerio. - I'm not sure I trust him. - Why not? He's just a weird old guy with a limp and a few sticks of dynamite. - I wonder if there's a map around here. - Well look lets try to find Waterfall City. - Maybe we can get tickets here. - Well I guess that means it's closed. - Excuse me, we need to get to a place called Waterfall City. - Waterfall City, the next bus is at dawn. - Dawn? - Great, now what. David you asleep? - What do you think? How can a place like this really exist without everybody knowing about it? Its mind blowing. - I don't know David, I don't have any answers. But I do know we have to get out of this dump. Get to that city Crabb talked about. - Waterfall City? - Exactly, we can find some help there, get search parties out, call home. - Do you really think some place called Waterfall City is going to have telephones? - What do you mean? - I think the rules here are different and we better start learning them. - No, no, screw the rules. I'm not forgetting about Dad. - Nobody's forgetting about Dad. It's just that there's just nothing we can do right now, not until we understand this place. - I don't want to understand this place, I want to get home. Look, right now we sleep, okay? And tomorrow, the city we do whatever it takes to find someone in charge. - Route 11. Better hurry, over there. - Great, thank you. - There, that should do you. - Excuse me, uh, hi, my name's Karl, this is my brother Davey. - It's David, hi. - Hello, my name's Marion. - You were pretty impressive the yesterday dealing with that whatever it was. - Ankylosaurus. - Weren't you scared? - I'm training to be a leader. I must be calm in a crisis if I'm expected to inspire others. You're not from around here, are you? - Um, no, not exactly. - We had an accident and we swam ashore. Now we are trying to get to Waterfall City. - Oh, that's my destination. - Oh. - Now I understand what's happened to you, but don't be afraid you are not the first. When you arrive in Waterfall City everything will be explained just as soon as you register. - Register? We don't want to register for anything. We just want to get home. - I imagine that's so. This way. - This is the bus? - He's a Brach, a Brachiosaurus. We'll be travelling with him across the Rainy Basin. - What's that for? - Armor, that's to stop him from getting killed. He says he much appreciates the protection. - The bus is secure. We will be leaving in five minutes. Waterfall City direct. - He won't eat us, will he? - Brachs are plant eaters. To get to Waterfall City we have cross the rainy basin. It's the domain of the carnivores. We only cross when it's absolutely essential, and then only in a convoy. But don't worry, we carry extra food to appease them. - appease them? - The carnivores aren't evil, they're just hungry by nature. - So, do you have any weapons? - We won't fight the carnivores. - He means if they attack us. - I understand. Dinotopians don't carry weapons. Weapons are enemies to their even to their owners. Third code of Dinotopia. - Wait a minute you have a law that says you can't defend yourself? - There are ways to defend yourself without using weapons. And besides it's only one in five convoys that are attacked. - Oh, good. - Now just complete this hideous picture for us. Exactly what kind of dinosaurs are we likely to encounter? - Tyrannosaurus vex, oi course. - Of course. What's happening? Why are we stopping? - The Brachs, something's scaring them. - Where's he going? - What is it? - Tyrannosaurus. - These droppings are fresh. And the tracks, there are hundreds of them. - I've never seen anything like it. - Tyrannosaurs never hunt in herds. - These ones did. - There's a small outpost at the edge of the forest. We've got to make sure they're safe, come on. What's happened here? Where is everybody? Look. - What is it? - The sunstone has failed. - What's a sunstone? - It's our source of power. It keeps the outposts and settlements safe. This one's dead. - What happened to it? - Quiet. - What's going on? - Must have been the thunder. We should get back to the Brachs. - We can't. The next outpost is more than five hours away. The Brachs will never carry us through the storm. - Then we'll have to find shelter here. Would you like something to eat? - That would be great. - Yeah, I'm starving. Any chance of a steak? A burger or some chicken? - You want a bird to eat? We eat only fruit and vegetables in Dinotopia. And you, do you eat meat as well? - Me? No, no I'm a very strict vegetarian. Why thank you. - Ugh, it's bitter. - You're supposed to peel it first. - I see you haven't lost your touch Karl. - Karl, has a restless spirit, has he always been that way? - Yeah, I guess so. I've never spent this much time alone with him before. - You're brothers but you don't live together? - No, no we hardly see each other at all. We have different mothers. See my father, he led a very active social life. We were born just a few months apart but we didn't grow up together. We just don't have anything in common so we're not exactly best friends. - I'm sorry about your father, David. - Thank you. - Did you hear that? - They're harmless. Creatures of the Rainy Basin. - Well something's making them panic. - Something's making me panic. - We should all try and get some sleep. - Karl! Karl! Karl. Karl, Karl! - What is it now? - I swear I heard something. It was like a rumble coming through the floor. - Just go back to bed. Let's check it out. . Okay- What? Can you see anything? - No, nothing but jungle out there. - I thought, well I thought. Well, you know, I thought... - You thought a T-Rex was coming to get you. - Yeah. - Outside! Run! Run! Over here quick. - Come on, keep going! - Ah! - Marion! Marion! Are you okay? - It's all right. They're Skybaxs and they're here to help us. - I am Oonu Squadron Leader, Skybax Corps. - I think you just saved our lives. - Yes, this time you were lucky. I am going to recommend this bus service be suspended until further notice. We cannot guarantee the safety of the passengers, and you, stop. No one ever but a rider approaches a skybax. These are not tame birds. If you value your life, stay back. I will provide you with an airborne escort for the rest of your journey. - What happened to everybody here. - We rescued the rest of the staff earlier. We flew them out before the storms came in, but three people and their Triceratops patrol are still missing. As yet we've had no sightings. I fear they are dead. Okay, lets go. - Right, come on, follow us. - What's the best way to fight those things? - We don't approve of violence in Dinotopia. - Even when it saves your life? That T-Rex almost killed us back there. - Our lives are no more precious than that of a Tyrannosaurus. - Come on Marion, eat or be eaten kill or be killed. That's the law of the jungle. We're human beings and that means we're at the top of the food chain. - We are recent guests on this planet. The dinosaurs have been here for 160,000,000 years. Mammals like us are only recent... - Look, I like my dog back home but he's not getting a driver's licence. You know what I'm saying? - You feel superior to them? - Well yeah you bet I do - But you're not. - Karl feels superior to everything. - If dinosaurs are so smart then how come they're doing all the manual labour? - Dinosaurs take pride in their strength. - Well they're still carrying us around on their backs. - There's many things you can learn from a Brachiosaurus. - Oh yeah? Like what? - Like humility. Welcome to Waterfall City. - I've never seen anything like it. It's a beautiful city like something out of a fairy tale. Marion, your world map's a little bit off. America isn't joined to Europe. - At the beginning of the Triassic period, all the continents were joined together in one huge super continent called Pangea. - Surprised you didn't know that, David. - Why are they all looking at us? - There haven't been newcomers in many years. You're celebrities. The mayor of Waterfall City is coming to greet you. This is the palace. - Who's that guy? He looks like a clown with all those robes on. - Hello father. - Oh Marion. I heard about the Tyrannosaurus attack, I've been so worried. - I'm fine, there's nothing to be frightened of. But I would like to address the senate on what I saw. - Oh yes, plenty of time for that. Dinner's at 8 o'clock. Quarter to nine by the time the speeches have dragged on. Oh. Now, on behalf of the people of Dinotopia, I, Waldo Seville, the 207th Mayor of Waterfall City and speaker of the Dinotopian Senate extend to you all our warmest welcome and hospitality. - Excuse me Mr. Mayor? Our plane crashed into the sea. David and I, we escaped but our father was trapped in it. - What we need is a search party. - Don't worry, dear boys. Now, the senate awaits you and we will address all your concerns. Recorded on this scroll you can see those names of those shipwrecked souls whom destiny has delivered to our land. They number thousands from all corners of the Earth, from every century. Those poor unfortunates cast away on the winds of misfortune only to find a better life, a life of harmony and fulfilment here on the shores of Dinotopia. And we are their descendants. Welcome. Please, please do sign. Welcome to Waterfall City David Scott. And a very warm welcome to you too Karl Scott. Well we would like to formally accept you into the Waterfall City Academy where you will... - What? - After training, be given the chance to become full Dinotopian citizens and find your Saurian life partner. - Saurian? You mean one of those scaleys? - We don't use that ugly term here but yes you will be paired with a dinosaur. - There's a ceremony and we take a vow. It's like a marriage. - Well thank you for the offer but we have to get home. - Our dad's still out there. There's no way we can stay here. - We understand that you both must be upset but many Dinotopians have lost their friends and families in the ship wrecks that brought them here but I'm afraid your past life has gone. - This must be a big shock to you but when you understand the truly wonderful life out here... - Marion, we have to get off this island. - I'm afraid that's impossible. Over the centuries a few have tried but they've all perished on the Razor Reef. - Well wait a minute, how do you know no one's ever made it? - Had you ever heard of Dinotopia before you arrived? - No. - Exactly. Now you can't imagine how exciting this is for us, you're the first new arrivals for many a long time, and we're all waiting to hear of the changes your world so come along, come along. Our last off-worlder was shipwrecked in 1944. So what have been the principal changes in your society since then? What? Oh yes. Are you still at war with the Germans? No, no, we won that one. - Oh, well done. So you'll tell us about the significant historical events that have followed. - Uh, significant events, let's see, hmm. There was the War in Vietnam and Watergate, um, the Gulf War the Cold War and that's when they knocked down the Berlin Wall. - They knocked down a wall? - Right. - Was there something wrong with it? - Um, that's a little hard to explain. Lets see what else uh, oh, the space program. Apollo 11, that's when Neil Armstrong walked on the moon. Technology's very advanced these days, we all have mobile phones, and DVDs, and laptops, and everybody's on the internet. - I'm sorry, I think we're a little confused. I thought you said that someone walked on the moon? - The most significant event in my history was falling out of the sky and watching my father swept away to drown. Welcome to Dinotopia. - Wow, it's just incredible, isn't it? - You'll get used to it. - I'm not so sure. I don't understand how a place this big hasn't been found before, it isn't not on any maps. - ls that so surprising? - What do you mean? - Are there no mysteries left out there where you came from? - Well no, there's a lot of things we don't know about our world. - Well this is just another one. This is the ancient library of Dinotopia. - This is your library? It must be centuries old. Look at all these scrolls. I'd love to read some of 'em. - You might find that a little bit difficult seeing their aren't written in English. - Oh. What's he doing? - Dinosaurs hate turning pages. They do their best thinking when their feet are moving. - Daretakalada. - C, B, ah, A. - Gosh, I'm sorry. - No, no, no, no it's perfectly all right. It was completely my fault. - This dinosaur can talk! - Dare-tago. - Dare-tago, madam Marion. David and Karl Scott, right? Um yes, I can speak English and French. Bonjour Mon Ami. - Bonjour. - I can understand 17 major human and Saurian languages and imitate many natural sounds. I was at the top of my class. - So how many dinosaurs can talk? - All of them. - But very few learn to speak English properly if that's what you mean. - How exciting it is to meet you. You know, I just love mammals. - I have to leave you now I'm going to speak to the senate. Goodbye. - Well wait a minute where are we supposed to go? Where are we going to sleep? Oh, I'm sorry I thought you'd been told. Zipeau has kindly agreed to give you temporary accommodation in his house. - Yes. - Goodbye. - You mean we're staying with a din... - A librarian. - Right, librarian. - Yes, hmm. - Mmm, this is delicious. - Your fork, Karl. - Very kind of you to put us up, Zipeau. - Oh no, not at all, I find you a very interesting species. I just love the way you jump about, very quick reactions, and the way you eat with your little knife and fork cutting up all the food first, I mean it's so funny. - So do you have a human partner? - I was partner to Sylvia of the Hatchery, but I was never sought another after my soul mate's death. - Wow, how'd ya score a babe like that? - God. - What? - Babe? Very colourful language. It's a spiritual union, I don't think you quite understand yet. No, I'll never meet another like her, babe. - Dare-toe camada Almasoar. - Soup's getting cold, darling. I thought you spoke beautifully to the senate. I couldn't believe my little girl looked so grown up. - The debate was very interesting but the next meeting's not scheduled for another month. - Well the Dinotopian way is the reasoned way. A good mind is a calm mind. Danad-you-sec, Almasoar. - Father, this isn't the first time the sunstone's failed, and I've never seen Tyrannosaurs running in herds. Perhaps the outer settlements are being attacked because the sunstones are failing. - Well, that's an intriguing idea. I shall send out skybaxs patrols to confirm the reports before the next meeting. - Wow very cool. - We are in the nut house. - Yeah. I know but what a place. I mean it's just incredible. - And all that talk about partners, doesn't it seem just a bit creepy? I'm mean we're talking about lizards here. - No, I mean this is some kind of utopia where everyone lives in harmony. - Yeah, well there's no way I'm ever going to be walking around with a lizard girlfriend. As for studying Saurian, whatever that is, you can forget it. - Why do you always turn against everything before we've even started. - What's the point when we're going home anyway? - Oh, and how are we going to do that? I mean you saw what the Razor Reef did to our plane, right? - You know the more I listen to you the more I think you want to stay here. - Of course I want to go home but we don't know how to right now. So, all I'm saying is we should make the best of it. - You really don't want to leave, do you? I can't believe it. - Think about it Karl, don't you see something absolutely amazing has happened to us? - No, I think watching dad die has kind of ruined it for me. - You know I didn't mean that. Well I think I know Dad what would say. You know, he'd say this was a great adventure. We should be exploring and seeing things that no one's ever seen before. Maybe we should stay just for a little while, see what life is like here. - Maybe that's because you don't have a life back home. Well I do, and I want it back. - Before your grandmother Oriana died, she gave me this. She said it wasn't to be passed to you until after your 18th birthday. - What is it? - Open it. What does it say? - Find the light. - Ah hah. - A sunstone. - This was her greatest treasure. The explorer Arthur Denison found it and give it to her at least a hundred years ago. Ah, it's almost perfect. Apart from the Prime Sunstone I have never seen it's equal. Oriana knew you were special, even as a baby. Marion, I would like you to lead the Sunstone Parade next week - Oh father, that would be the greatest honour. - I tell you my dear, there is nothing that could make a father prouder. - She's very nice to look at isn't she? Don't let the mayor catch you starring at her like that, he'll run you out of town. She's not for the likes of us ordinary people. - I was just, uh, having a look around. - Of course you were, who wouldn't on a wonderful night like this. Oh Karl, hope you don't mind me saying but that brother of yours, he's a bit of an odd sort isn't he? - Well we're only half brothers. We've never really been that close. - I'm sorry that your father's gone. - Yeah, so am I. - I'll be saying a little prayer for him tonight if that's all right with you. - Sure. - Why don't you call on me at the shop sometime, whenever you get tired of the scaleys trying to change you. - Breathe deep. - Seek peace. - I can't believe you just said that, seek peace. You give me the creeps. - Karl, grow up it's a greeting. - Others first, self last. - Others first, self last. - Do one thing at a time. - Do one thing at a time. - Ah, ah, here are your two new classmates, David and Karl. - Breathe deep, David and Karl. - Seek peace. - No way, I'm not staying here, this school's for little children. - Then you should feel right at home. - Well yes, it's beginners class - Forget about it Zipeau. - Oh no, well, I thought you'd be delighted. The visiting tutor in this class is your travelling companion Marion. - This term you will be studying Saurian. At the end of the term you will sit an examination and write your answers in footprint language. Now who can tell me the first code of Dinotopia. - One raindrop raises the sea. - Very good. I will now read to you all the codes of Dinotopia. One, one raindrop raises the sea. Two, survival of all or none. Three, weapons are enemies, even to their owners. Four, give more, take less. Five, others first, self last. Six, observe, listen, and learn. Seven, do one thing. Karl, that is unnecessary destruction of public property. And that is not how Stegosauruses reproduce. Eight, sing every day. Nine, exercise imagination. 10, eat to live, don't live to eat. Now, who know where we would find all the codes of Dinotopia written down? - In Fountain Square. - Very good, David. What? I read it in Zipeau's city guide. - And a very special significance to all Dinotopians. Ancient legend tells how it was brought up from the world beneath, tens of thousands of years ago. - What's the world beneath? - It's a mythical place where dinosaurs were said to have found sanctuary at the dawn of time. - Rule Four, give more, take less. - Very good. You can see down near the bottom here that the very last code is missing. All that can be made out are the first three letters, F-I-N. Nobody knows what the 11th code is. Anyone like to guess what the 11th code might be? - Find a way out of here. - Shh. - Did you say something Karl? - Yeah, I have to go to the bathroom. Do I need a pass? - No, but tonight's homework will be on the codes. - Homework? Forget it. - Karl, shouldn't you be at school? - Nah, I quit. - Oh dear. Perhaps there's something else you'd like to do. - Nothing. - Come on, there must be something you'd like to do. Careful with those, that's library property. That's not how you read scrolls. No, Zipeau, it's a game. - A game? Oh can I play? - Sure. Okay, we're ready. - Now what do I do? - You're at that end. - Right. - Now grab your bat. - Grab the bat. - Hold it like this. - Like this? - That's it. Okay, so you're clear about what happens when I hit the ball over the net? - I hit back. - You've got no questions about the rules? - Nope. . Okay- - Agh, oh. - One, nothing. - Yes, yes. Oh dear. - Two, nothing. Try again Zipeau. - Oh, just getting the hang of it. - Don't worry Zipeau, you'll get there. - I'm upset that Karl has left my class. Did I do something wrong? - No, no, it's not you. Karl quits just about everything. He doesn't know what he wants. I mean, I think I know, sometimes. But sometimes I'm not so sure. You seem pretty sure what you're doing. My mother's a matriarch, it's my destiny. - Is that what you want? - How can you want anything other than your destiny? You do ask the strangest things. - Well, suppose you don't know your destiny? - It knows you. You find each other, that's all. - Marion, if I... - Would you like to see the Prime Sunstone? - What? Well sure, yeah I'd love to. Let's go. - Come on. - Great. - Here we go. - Very good. Thanks. - That's it? - That's it. - How many points did I score? - None. 21, zero, I win. - Well I don't understand it, usually I have excellent hand to eye coordination. - Well there you go. - Oh, when can we play again? I'm sure I'll be able to beat you at this game. - I can honestly say humans will always beat dinosaurs at ping pong. - Aw, lets play again. - I creamed you! - But I don't mind, this is fun. I haven't had so much fun in a long time. - You know what Zipeau, me neither. Think fast. Oh, oh yeah, got you. - We'll have to race, we've only got about ten minutes. - There's 361. Come on, David, I'll race you. - Slow down, I'm dying here. - Don't be silly, this is nothing. - Maybe for you it isn't. - Are you all right? - It's just my asthma acting up. I don't suppose they sell inhalers in Waterfall City? This is fantastic, I had no idea. - You don't have cities like this where you come from? - No. I think we're a lot farther up than I thought. - This is what powers the whole of Dinotopia. It's the most powerful sunstone ever found. It's almost flawless. - What are they doing? - Every evening the prime sunstone regenerates all the other sunstones across Dinotopia. Come on, it's almost time. We can watch it from here. - So where do sunstones come from? - All we know is that they're very old. Legends say they say they're mined from the World Beneath at the beginning of time. They've been found all over Dinotopia but not for many years. - Greetings. - What are you reading? - One of our course books, why? - What's it called? - The care and teaching of humans. - And you don't find that sick? - Nope, it's a very interesting book. - Another week and then I'm leaving. - Yeah? And what's the plan? - I don't need a plan to know that I have to get out of here. You've got a week to decide whether you come with me or not. I mean what are you doing here? - Well Karl, I'm trying to study for graduation. - Graduation? What are you talking about, graduation? We don't belong here we're not Dinotopians. You're getting brainwashed, can't you see that? - Look, I don't have time to argue with you, okay? - Are you insane? There's a dinosaur sleeping in the next room. - Yes, exactly. Karl, this is the chance of a lifetime. We are the first in our generation to see anything like this. - They're screwing with your head, Dave, and you just don't get it, do ya? - Why are you so negative about everything? You know this is always what happens with you. You're stuck, and for the first time in your life no one's going to bail you out. Why don't you stop being so selfish and at least get to know this place before you condemn it. - I'm going, and you're coming with me. - Look Karl, not that you've bothered to ask, but I kind of like it here. - I can't believe I'm stuck here with you. - Well it wasn't me who was flying the plane. - What do you mean, do you blame me for what happened, do you? - Let go of me, let go of me! - If you ever say that again I'll kill you David, I swear I will. - Mammals. - Ah come in, come in. I was just closing the shop for the night. You've got a long face on you. - No, I'm fine. What is this? - Oh, that's Ogthar. If you believe the legend he ruled over a mythical place called the World Beneath. Some say it exists others say it's just stories for children. - And what do you think? - How can I help you my friend? - I want to get off this island. - I see. Well, take a seat. I was just having a bite to eat. - Everyone says it's impossible to leave. - They certainly want you to believe that it's impossible, they don't want the rest of the world knowing about their little paradise. - I don't care about their little paradise. Can I get off this island? - Well, I've spent the past 20 years collecting ships' logs charts, maps of the tides and reefs that surrounds this island. There's only one more thing I need to buy my own ticket out of here but we'll never see it. It's the captain's log of the Rebecca's Folly. - Well were's this captain's log? - In the archives in the Ancient Library. But the only one who has the keys is that scaley they've stuck you with. - Zipeau? - Yes. - So, why don't you get it? - No, no, no, no, no, no. They'd never let me near that library on account of incident to do with one of my relatives. Small fire a long time ago. Nothing to do with me but just another example of scaley persecution. But now come to think of it, it wouldn't be to difficult for you to get a hold of that book. - You mean steal it? I don't know it doesn't seem right, and the scaley's are, I mean they haven't done anything to me. - This is what they did to me. I was exploring a sacred temple when one of those ugly buggers took a great big chunk out of me leg. That's what they do when they don't agree with you. Think about that. - Did you get one of these? - Mmhm. - What's it say? - It's an invitation from Marion. - Great. What for? Hello? - Can't you read it? - You got a big mouth, anyone ever tell you that? - Only you, Karl. Here you go. - Thanks. - You're welcome. - It's quite fantastic, isn't it? You'll scarcely believe your eyes. The theme this year is the World Beneath. - So, the world beneath, that really exists? - According to legend it was the place where the sunstones were originally found, the heart of Dinotopia. - Where's Karl? - Sorry, Zipeau. - Look, oh, look, I'm so excited. Oh, the show is about to begin. - Long ago, a terrible darkness struck the Earth. The seas churned and the skies turned black, and the light of the sun was lost from the land. Our ancestors sought refuge in caves deep below the Earth where they found food and shelter, and magical stones which brought light. A young girl left the safety of the World Beneath and climbed up to the surface, a sunstone illuminating her way. Higher and higher she climbed in the darkness not knowing that this was night. - So beautiful. - Centuries passed and a great civilization evolved but no one had ever seen the Sun. Then the dawn came and she saw that the skies had cleared and that the Sun shone once again. Our ancestors followed her from the World Beneath and they brought with them the magical stones and they built Dinotopia. The World Beneath was sealed, the great ruler Ogthar decreed that it should remain a sacred place undisturbed forever more. - It's beautiful, wow, wow. - Hi. I uh, I really enjoyed the show. - It was a ceremony, but thank you - Yeah, well whatever, it was a Saurian Spectacular. - Karl, I want you to come back and finish the course. - Is that why I got an invitation? - Look, I can't do school, never have, why should I start now? - Because you're not the person you want to be. - Oh and you are? You know it all, do you? - If you can't bear school I'll spend an hour a day teaching you personally. - Really? Okay, deal. - And in return you'll sit for your footprint exam. Your graduation question is, how are we to live? You have an hour to answer in any way you wish. You may begin. - What? - Zipeau you look upset, what's wrong? - The most terrible thing has happened. A book has been, I can't bring myself to use the word. A book has been stolen. - Really? Well maybe it just got lost somewhere. - Every inch of the library has been searched. I've been through antiques, antiquities a dozen times. I mean, who could do such a thing? - Look Zipeau, books get stolen from libraries all the time. - Not in Dinotopia, it's inconceivable to steal knowledge that should be for all. It has to be here somewhere. - Stop writing please. - You said you'd help me get off this island. - Yes, yes, yes. I'm a man of my word I'll just need to study this book. Now this captain's journal charts the course of the two ships I told you about. With a little bit of patience we'll find the wreck of the one that didn't make it through. - Yeah, but I thought we were trying to find a way out. - Of course we are. - I just need to get something from the wreck. - Wait a minute you said a way off the island. That was the deal. - If you want to come with me be here tomorrow at midnight, but come alone. - I can't go without my brother. - Your brother? Follow me. Let me show you something, Karl. Horrible when it happens to kin isn't it? Seeing them sucked in. - He's still my brother. I can't just leave him here. - Was your brother. You may not be able to trust him, not any more. ' Right! So you looking forward to graduation tomorrow? - Yeah, sure. - I can't wait to here what they thought of your five minute answer. - The question we asked was perhaps the most important question any Dinotopian can be asked. How are we to live? David, yours was possibly the longest answer we have ever had. At seventeen pages your argument was an exhaustive one and you are clearly not frightened to say what you believe many times within the same document. - But the finest answer we have ever had was written by Karl. Marion will now read Karl's answer aloud for the entire assembly. - Is this the real life or is it fantasy? Caught in a landslide, no escape from reality. Open your eyes, look up to the skies and see. - Brilliant. - That's cheating. That's the lyrics to Bohemian Rhapsody. - Karl's answer was very inspiring, Marion. - Yes, it was quite special, Zipeau. - I mean, it was the way he combined fantasy and reality and then compared it with the land. - Have you ever done anything in your life when you haven't cheated? - Always been a sore loser, David? - Hey, I worked hard to get through that exam. - You're taking this Dinotopia stuff way too seriously. - What is it you've got against this place? - I wouldn't know where to start. - I think you're still trying to blame Dad's dying on Dinotopia, is that it? - Hey leave Dad out of it. - I'd be glad to. And let's face it, he left us pretty much out of his life. - Don't talk about him like that. - At least you two had something in common. He didn't have the time of day for me. - I wonder why that was? - Well, he dumped my mother, then did the same to yours, but you still worship him. - Don't talk like that. - You know what? Without Dad around, I feel free. Kinda makes you think, doesn't it? I'm almost glad he's gone. - My dear, those two were just never suitable for Dinotopian education. - But Father I really feel it's my duty to look for them. - Marion, they're gone. Now we have searched but nobody's found any sign. Now, don't forget that tomorrow you travel to Vidabba. You're due to start your habitat training. - Father, I really do feel that I shouldn't. - Marion? - I feel like I've failed them both. I should have never have let Karl go back to school. - No, no, no, no, they were in my charge, Marion. It is I who have failed them. - I must go and find them. - What? Out there? - I have no choice. My father's going to be furious. - That could be grossly understating his reaction. Well, I suppose I should go home and get my bag. - Why? - Well, you don't think I'm letting you go alone do you? - Welcome to Waterfall City's central post office. Messenger bird 371 at your service. Now I must remind you that our new rates are in effect from today. - Sorry 371. - Stay with me, we're almost there. Come on David, talk to me. - Karl! It's Zipeau and Marion! - Keep up, Zipeau. - Oh, where could they be. Do you know, I've never been so far from Waterfall City in my life. Bravo, Marion, you brought a postal bird. - Where on Earth? I must remind you there's a surcharge for delivering messages outside Waterfall City. How could I help? - Message reads, are you Karl or David? - Destination of message? - Follow the river as far as you can until sunset. - Follow the river? No responsibility can be taken for delivery of messages without precise destination. - I understand. I want you to fly as fast as you can and ask anyone you meet. Go. - In my day, people used to give you a proper message with a proper destination. - So, What do we do now? - Wait. - Where are we? - Wait here for a minute. I'm gonna check it out, okay? Hello? - Don't know where to look. Up the river? It could be anywhere. What kind of a destination do they call that? It all looks the same from up here anyway. - Remember when we drank his 1918 port? His last bottle. 1,300 dollars worth of port in one afternoon. We didn't like the taste so we mixed it with coke. It actually made it better, remember? That was a great Christmas, wasn't it. - Santa didn't come that year. - What was that? Say it again? - Santa didn't come that year. - Oh, he did. It's just that he was awful pissed. Davey? Davey, come on, Davey. Stay with me. Can you hear me? Don't fade on me, okay? I can't do this on my own. - Oh, bother. Are you Karl or David? - Karl, that's me. - End of message, postage has been prepaid, thank you. Come on, hurry, they're just up ahead this way. - Karl? David? Are you there? - Come on. - Karl? David? - Someone's here. - Karl? - Over here. - Oh, thank goodness. We're coming, stay where you are! - Oh, thank goodness. What's happened? He feels really cold. He's very far away. - What's she doing? - Well, she's listening. - Come back, David. David? - Oh, do you have another message? - Yes, now you must fly to Vidabba and tell them to send a rescue party as soon as possible. Don't stop for anyone or anything. Go: go' They're usually quite reliable. Oh, what a find, what a marvellous find. This temple has been lost for centuries. Look here, Ogthar, the great king of the World Beneath. Legend says he was half man half dinosaur. Quite remarkable. I do believe you have confirmed my research. This must lead to one of the entrances to the World Beneath. But. - What, Zipeau? - The legend has it that all the entrances are guarded by carnivores. Oh dear. If this is an entrance, the carnivores will think we are violating their sacred space. - Well, don't worry. I haven't seen any carnivores lately. Oh my god, we have to get out of here fast, come on. - But David can't walk. - David, we have to leave now. - I'll get Zipeau. - I'll wait for you. - No, Karl, take David and go. Zipeau, get out of there now! - You really must see this. These carvings are quite unique. - Zipeau, we must go, come on! - Hm, what's wrong? Marion? - Marion! Zipeau, Zipeau! - Come on, you can make it, come on. - Oh no. - Run, Marion! Marion! Come on, you can make it. Run now, now! - Jump, Marion, jump! - I'm coming, Zipeau. - Oh, help, Karl! He was eating me. I hope you choke on it! - Come on, David. Watch Full HD Movies & TV Shows with Subtitles for Free ---> osdb.link/tv  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 