Dinotopia: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dinotopia 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dinotopia (2002): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 All of Dinotopia seems to be falling apart and prey to the pterodactyls as the sun-stones, its power source, systematically break down. Zippo helps the brothers escape from arrest to meet Cyrus on a quest for stones and the way off the island a late explorer discovered. It turns out to be an elaborate trap at the old temple, where they meet up with father Karl, whom they had presumed dead, while Cyrus perishes in the explorer's submarine after stranding the Scotts, who seek their own way out. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - The senate recognizes Skybax's Captain Oonu. We are ready to hear your report. - Lord Mayor, Senators, Unabba has been evacuated. There are reports of large scale attacks right along the Eastern quarter. (mumbling) Permission to speak frankly, sir. - Please continue. - Our squadrons can no longer patrol the Eastern territories. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The Tyrannosaurus herd is destroying everything in it's path and the Pteranodons are breaching all their traditional boundaries. I request permission to reassign the corps to protect the refugees on the eastern approach to Waterfall City. - You are not the only province to be experiencing difficulty. - We must evacuate everyone in the outer settlements and bring them here to Waterfall City for protection, sir. - We cannot support the whole of Dinotopia here on this island city. We simply don't have the resources. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (dinosaur talking) - Last week, my new students graduated. I have been pushing them harder than ever before. I am not training them to seek peace. I am training them to fight and I fear, I am training them to die. - He's right. We must make an expedition to the World Beneath to find new sunstones. - Sit down. - Yes but Mayor, I... - You have spoke already. We must protect our traditions and follow the ancient codes. Just as we live by the codes of Dinotopia, so must we prepare to die. - And die we will. (dramatic music) - Lord Mayor, Lord Mayor. - Yes, yes, what is it? - They're coming, sir. - Who is coming? - The refugees, sir. A sea of them. (loud chattering) - Look at those poor souls. I could just grab those senators by their robes and shake them. Somebody has to do something. - That's called anger, Zippo. You're making progress. - The prime sunstone won't last much longer. - Wait a minute, this looks like the Temple in the Swamp. - [Zippo] Yes, of course. According to the scroll, it is called the Temple of Kora. These carvings look very familiar. - We must go back there. If this leads to the World beneath, that's where the sunstones will be, I'm sure of it. - But that's also where we'll find those prehistoric crocodiles. - Yes and my tail is only just growing back, you know. - But it's the only entrance, Zippo. - Suppose it's blocked or flooded. And maybe it's not even an entrance. We're just guessing. - That horrible Cyrus Crabb had a scroll describing another entrance beneath the sea called the Diamond Cave. I will go to the library and research it. - We haven't got time for anymore research. And what are we gonna do, just stand around and wait for the carnivores to come crashing through the city gates? - Marion's right. We gotta do something. - I'm going back to the temple, even if I have to go alone. - Well, I guess we're going back to the swamp. - Somebody's gotta stay here and look after 26. - It would an honour. - And don't leave the window open at night. At her age, she can get a chill very easily. - I think I do know how to take care of a baby dinosaur. - Oh and she likes her bread dipped in warm milk. You behave yourself 26 and don't give Uncle Zippo a hard time. - There he is. Finally. - Well, that took long enough. - What? I was just making sure she's okay. - If you're going where I think you're going, you better turn back. You'll never find the entrance. - I'm done taking advice from you. - Yes, well I paid three expeditions to explore that swamp temple. You know what? Not one of them came back for their money. - We're not afraid. - Yeah, that's right. - There is another way, Karl, a safer way. In a few clays, my plans will be sorted, if you want to come with me. - No way, Cyrus, forget it. - Don't be a fool, boy. I'm trapped on this island same as you, whether I like it here or not. - You sabotaged my boat. - Yes and you gave me a rock instead of a sunstone so let's call it evens, alright? - What's he talking about? - Nothing. - Understand, I want the same thing that you want. I want to save this hell of a place, not 'cause I like it, because I want to save me own skin. - Forget it. - Hey, Karl. Here. I don't know if it'll work. Must be 50 years old. Keep your wits about you, Karl. There's worse than Mosasaurs to worry about. - [Marion] Don't listen to him. - Come one, he's just trying to scare us. (dinosaurs whining in the distance) - Karl, I have to ask you something. - Yeah? - Is it true, what Crabb said? You stole a sunstone? - I didn't steal it. I just borrowed it for awhile. Anyway, I gave it back, didn't I? - I can't think of anything much worse you could do. It's a hatchery, Karl. - Yeah, well I heard all about your mountain trip. - And what exactly did you hear? - That you spent the night with my brother in one of those nests. - So'? - So'? So what happened up there between you two? - We got very close, that's what happened. Because unlike you, he's a sensitive soul. Zippo found a passageway leading to a hidden chamber. - Wow. (bubbling) Come on, let's keep going. - Did you hear that? - No, will you stop doing that? - I'm getting a bad feeling about this. - No, I think David's right. Something feels very wrong. We should leave. - Wait. (gun firing) (screeching) Come on, let's move. Keep going. (screeching) - [David] Karl? - No. - Come on, let's go, let's go, come on. (roaring) (screeching) - Oh man, are we glad to see you. - David and Karl Scott, you're under arrest. You'll be escorted by guard to face trial in Waterfall City. - I can't believe this. We must contact my father immediately. - Your father issued the order, Marion. - Why are we being arrested? On what charge? - It's not a single charge. You seem to have broken just about every law in Dinotopia. - Don't despair, lads. Could be worse. Could be dead. Hope you've got a good lawyer. Not that it'll make any difference. - Hey, Cyrus. That flare gun you gave me came in handy. Thanks. - There's no time to squander over past misunderstandings. We have work to do boys. A good lawyer, remember? - This court is now in session. David and Karl Scott, the charges facing you could hardly be more serious. You have brought disruption and violence to Dinotopia. In total, you stand accused of 21 violations. 22. Not only did you attempt to leave Dinotopia, which is forbidden, you also stole a sacred sunstone from a hatchery. Not satisfied with these crimes, you both violated the sacred entrance to the World Beneath and awakened the Pteranodon swarm that has guarded the temple for centuries. There is no defence for these actions. However, you are entitled to representation. Do you have a lawyer? - Present, your honour. My apologies for being late. Excuse me. Mammals and Saurians of the jury, I accept the behavior of these boys is somewhat unconventional but what heart they have. My own life was saved by an act of selfless Dinotopian courage from Karl. When I was viciously attacked by a giant Mosasaur. I would like to enter my half-bitten tail as Exhibit A. - Would you like to tell us why you were put in jeopardy in the first place? - Yes, well, because the boys had fallen over the falls while fighting at their graduation ceremony. - A disgraceful breach of civilized behavior. - Yes, yes, well I would have to agree with you there, your honour. - He is on our side, isn't he? - We will now take testimony from Skybax caption, Oonu. - Thank you, Lord Mayor. When David came to the Skybax Academy, he was one of the least promising pupils I have encountered. Yet, through strength of character, he overcame his weaknesses, trained hard and finally showed us that he is a flyer. A flyer like no other I have ever seen. I am proud to of been his teacher. - Yes, thank you Captain Oonu for that glowing testimony. Now rejoin your squadron. (dinosaurs talking) - I initially found the boys disobedient, quarrelsome, problematic. They're not like us and perhaps they never will be but how can we call ourselves Dinotopians if we only respect those who agree with us. If we are to learn, first we must listen. In spite of our differences, I have come to respect the boys tremendously. One raindrop raises the sea. - Exactly, your right. So think of what two raindrops could do. - David, we're doomed. - None of this would've happened if you hadn't sent our daughter to Canyon City. - Nothing at all would happen if it were left up to you, Waldo. - You may be happy to risk our daughter's life but I certainly am not. - Can you stop talking about me as though I'm not here? Karl and David risked their lives to save you and everyone else here and you've thrown them in jail. - They are simply being confined to quarters. They must not be allowed to cause anymore trouble. - Trouble? The sunstones are failing, that's trouble. At least they had the courage to try and find a solution. - Marion, your mind has become clouded in recent months. Those boys are not your responsibility. You should concentrate on completing your studies. Do one thing at a time. Seventh law of Dinotopia. - Eat to live, don't live to eat. 10th law of Dinotopia. - Marion. - Do you see the terrible influence these boys have had on her? She never used to be sarcastic. - If you're in such harmony, then why do you live 100 miles away from each other? - We both serve Dinotopia in different ways. And duty before personal satisfaction. - You see? It's happened again. - Again? Waldo, why didn't you tell me that this had happened before? - It's just a temporary situation. The polishers will be at work even as we speak. It usually lasts only a few seconds. - That's the prime sunstone. If it fails, then... - We are due to discuss the situation... - Discuss? We're sitting in darkness. Something has to be done. - A Dinotopian mind is a calm mind, Marion. There you see. Back to normal. Nothing at all to worry about. (screeching) - Don't despair, Karl. It could be worse. They only placed you under house arrest. - I'm too old to be grounded. - Exactly, I mean, everything we did, well, except for you stealing a sunstone, everything else like, going to the temple, I mean, we were just trying to help. So why can't the Senate understand that? - Well, the senate may be angry but I think I can get you a light sentence. - I can't believe these people can charge us for trying to help them. I mean, who are they to say what we can and can't do? - Remember to keep your closing speech short and please, whatever you do, don't upset Mayor Waldo. - All that remains before judgement are the closing speeches from Karl and David. Serious accusations have been made and you make speak freely and with candour. - Speak freely is about the last thing you're allowed to do here. - Oh no. - You do this big number about listening but nobody really listens. Well, listen to me now. I don't care about your rules and superstitions so you can do what you want with me but you should let my brother go. You're gonna need every Skybax cadet in the corps. This whole place is going to hell unless you do something about it and you know it. - Oh dear. - You didn't have to do that. - Yes, I did. And don't make a big thing about of it. (coughs) - Wait a minute. - This court has reached a judgement. Karl and David, you will both resume your studies and you will not leave Waterfall City until you have both fully understood your transgressions. Karl, you are deemed unfit to care for an infant and your Chasmosaur partner will be taken to the city orphanage for adoption. - No, no way. - [Zippo] Karl, sit down. Don't make it any worse. - We are all in accord on this matter. - We would like to lodge an appeal. - We will review the case in one year's time. - One year? - Court dismissed. - I'm telling you, I'm sick of this place. I'm not gonna let them take 26 away from me. Hey, you listening to me? (knocks) - I'll get it. Oh, no, no, no, you're going to put me in sack again. - I'm not going to hurt you. - You're not? - No I'm not. I'm here to help the boys. - You promise? - It's alright Zippo. Let him in. - Okay, but on your head be it. - I've waited 20 years for this. The final pieces of the jigsaw. The captain's log of the Rebecca's Folly which you kindly borrowed for me. And the journal of Arthur Denison, the first true explorer of Dinotopia. This is his account of the World Beneath. - [Zippo] Fascinating. - You see, Arthur Denison made it to the World Beneath and back but he wasn't alone. There was another man with him. That man was Lee Crabb. My father. Together the two of them explored the World Beneath and on their return they were promptly arrested by the Senate. Violation of ancient laws and so on. So now I know the way to the sunstone caves and the way out of Dinotopia. But I can't do it alone, not with this. I need your help boys. - I don't trust him. - What's not to trust? - So you knew about the sunstone cave all along? - You see, I've spent the past 20 years reading everything I can find on the World Beneath. The Senate would've stopped me long ago if they knew of my plans, I'm sure. But lucky for them, they didn't because now I'm the only one that can save those damn scams, no offence Professor. Do you have anything we can mix this with? - What is that? - Articas Eleusis. A rare plant extract. Now could you please take this and give it to the guards? - It won't harm them will it? - No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, just give them a nasty little headache when they wake up, nothing serious, I promise. - Refreshments. I'll just leave them over here. Enjoy. Once they find you're missing, they'll block the bridge and we'll be trapped in the city. - The canal runs under the garbage chute next to my shop. A hundred feet downstream, there's a red buoy, I'll leave a boat for you there. But first there's something I need and Professor, I'm afraid you're the only one who can help. - What, me? Are you sure? - I can get us to the World Beneath but we don't stand a fighting chance without a map of the caves down below. - There's a map? - Yes, Denison's journals were confiscated when he returned from the World Beneath and locked up in the library archives. If you can find the journal then we have the map. - And then what? - Take the boat down the Polongo River. I'll take care of the rest. - Hurry, quick. (laughing) - Good show, boys. Good luck and Godspeed. (heavy breathing) - [Zippo] Well, if it's here, it will be in this cabinet. - I thought you said the fire destroyed all the books and scrolls on the World Beneath. - It's true, the main library was badly burnt but not all the books were destroyed. After the fire, it was decided to restore the more valuable documents and place them in this archive for safe keeping. (dinosaurs talking) Oh it's no use, we'll never find it. - Hey guys, I think this is it. The journal of Arthur Denison, Victorian Engineer and Explorer, Volume ll: The World Beneath. - [Mayor Waldo] Masorah, lend me your nose old friend. - "This private volume of my memoirs "will never be published. "Dinotopians hold the World Beneath sacred "and I have no wish to offend their deep spiritual beliefs. "Nevertheless, my expedition by submarine revealed..." - Perhaps we can read it later. - Listen, "I found enormous caves "with strange phosphorescence. "I began to believe that they had been occupied "in ancient history, first by dinosaurs "and then later, human cultures." - This way, this way. Do you still have their scent Masorah? We'll get them for good this time. - Somebody's coming. - [Mayor Waldo] Guards, seize them at once. Marion, Marion, stop those two boys, don't let them escape. Marion, comeback. - Wait for me. Why am I doing this? I'll never be allowed in the library again. - [Karl] This way. - This way, hurry. - You go that way, you with me. - [David] Zippo, Zippo come on, what are you doing? - This is where he threw me in the canal and stuffed me in a sack. This is making me feel very anxious. - Don't be such a baby. - [Marion] Where's the boat? - It's over there. - [Marion] Zippo, you go and get the boat. - Yes, what me? - [Marion] Go on, go now. - Oh. - Quickly, quickly, get in. Come on Marion, that's it. Quick, quick, quick. Maybe one of my ancestors was a sailor after all. - Cyrus really came through for us this time. - Well, don't thank him yet. - Yes, well, personally I'm not quite sure about him yet. We're heading for the cargo chute. But it's not designed for Saurians or humans for that matter. - [Karl] What do you mean, Zippo? - [Zippo] Oh no, do something. Oh my god. (screaming) Oh, I think that's it now. (screaming) - [David] Does anyone know where we're going? - Uh, no. Guess we're just gonna have to go where the current takes us. - How very Dinotopian, David. - It is. Well said, David. (dinosaur screeching) - Did Crabb say exactly where he'd meet us? - He seemed to think we'd be able to find him. - Up ahead, look. - Could that be it? - Oh dear. We could still turn back, you know. - [Marion] Isn't that Cyrus's calling card? - Wait for me. Oh, slimy. (creaking) - What is it? Oh, Monosaurus, who could do such a thing? - Welcome aboard. Good to see you again. - Oh. - I trust you all had a pleasant and uneventful trip. - Did you do this? - Oh, that, oh me? No, no, no, no, no. Now you're insulting the Crabb family name. No, that's merely a small but regrettable part of a collection acquired by my father. He man was a man of many trades, much like myself. This was his store house. I'm sorry, would you like a drink? - Sure. - You'll need one where we're going. (laughing) - Gross. - Very interesting, isn't it? Rather a smokey after taste. Well, enough talk. Now it's time to show you my pride and joy. Over here. She's a beauty, isn't she? No one knows it survived. - Denison's submersible. - There is no way I'm going down there in that. - Oh, doesn't look in too bad a shape. - No. - Careful, Karl, oh dear. - Maybe not. - Oh, there you go, you can be our chief mechanic. And you can be our navigator. - Thanks. - And what about me? What can I do? - Professor, I haven't forgotten you. Those keen eyes of yours, sharper than a humans, eh? - Oh well, that's very true, thank you. - Would you be so kind as to keep look out for us? - What? Out there? - Yes, out there, go along. - By myself? - It's okay, ZiPPO- (banging) - This one do anything? - Right rudder. - This? - Woah. (laughing) - Yes, we like that. - Hey, how's it going? - Hey, you know I've been thinking about this expedition. - Yeah? - Well, the first time we found an entrance to the World Beneath it was filled with giant crocodiles, right? - Right. - Then the second time it was filled with giant bats, right? - Yeah, what's your point? - Well... - What the hell is that for? (singing) - I rest my case. - Well, the engines okay. I replaced the pistons but I can't figure out powers this thing. - I'll give you a clue. (creaking) Sunstones. - [Karl] Oh, that's why you've been stealing the sunstones. - I've tried every sunstone I could find. But none of them seemed to fit. And then I was looking at pretty young Marion here and suddenly it hit me. - This sunstone was given to me by my grandmother. - It was given to your grandmother, Oriana by the explorer Arthur Denison, wasn't it? - And the note, "Find the light." - Would you mind terribly, my dear, if we borrowed it? - This is the most valuable thing I possess. - Try the propeller now. . Okay- (clanking) (screeching) - Well, Marion, now it's time to say Bon Voyage. - [Marion] What do you mean? - Well, I'm sorry my dear by neither you nor that scaley outside, Zippo, can come. There's only room for three aboard this vessel. - The submarine is built for four. - I'm not one to tempt our good fortune, not when the future of Dinotopia hangs in the balance. We'll be heavy enough when them sunstones on board. Come on. - He's right, Marion. - Promise me you'll both be careful. I don't want anything to happen to either of you. I love you both. - We'll be alright. - Okay, let's go. - Did you hear that? She loves us both. - She was looking at you when she said it. - Hey, come on, we're wasting time. The World Beneath awaits. - Lord Mayor. - Your report, cadet? - The most recent sighting report in the case of excess of - A 100 thousand? - Of the three squadrons assigned missions today, only ours has returned. - What is of Volcanium? - Volcanium is gone, sir. There's no one left alive. - That's not possible. - If they continue on their current flight path, the Pternaodons converge on Waterfall City in less than 12 hours. - 12 hours? - I have other communities to warn, sir. - Yes, yes, of course, you're dismissed. Breathe deep. - Fly high. - This should send us down. - No, no, no, move away. Move away. Let's see, we need to a little bit of air out. As far as I can tell, we have three hours of good air left. - How long does it take to get to the cave? - About three and a half hours. (screeching) (roaring) - You okay? - Yeah, sure. - No. - Me neither. - Relax boys. We'll hear worse than that before we reach the bottom. - So your father really made it down to the World Beneath? - Ah, there and back in this very submarine. - How come you're not a rich man? - Oh, they wouldn't let him return. The sealers didn't like the idea of having their sacred place found so they confiscated his journal, burned it to ashes and locked him away. But before he died, he pulled me up very close and he said to me, "Denison also kept a journal." I've spent my whole life searching for that journal. After he died, they found hundreds of small notes, they all said the same thing. "I found them." - Sunstones? - Block it boys, block it. Can't you go any faster than that? - Without the prime sunstone, all the others will fail. This may be the end for Dinotopia. - What are we to do? - Citizens are already gathering in Fountain Square by the obelisk of codes. Will you lead the city in a prayer of hope? - Of course. But why me? - The sunstone I gave you was small but it was an almost perfect gem. Show it to the city, it will bring hope and then we can take it to the Sunstone Tower and perhaps it will bring back the light. For one night, at least. - I don't have it anymore. I gave it to David and Karl to power the submarine. - You gave those two the most flawless sunstone ever found? - I thought it was the Dinotopian thing to do. - I only hope it was worth all our lives, Marion. (screeching) - Maybe we should turn on the light, see where we are. - And drain the power? We don't want it too soon. (banging) - What was that? - The sea bed, boys. We're making progress. - It's getting really hot in here. - And hard to breathe. - [David] That's our plane. - Prepare yourselves for an ugly sight, boys. There won't be much left of him by now. The fish would have... - If you don't shut up, I'm gonna hit you. - Seen a few downers in my time, that's all I'm saying. No offence to the dead. - It's empty- What? Can't be. - There it is, boys. We've got the hit the entrance just right. (dramatic music) (laughing) Come on. - Fresh air, finally. - Come on boys, no time to waste. Welcome to the south entrance of the World Beneath. (screeching) This is Ogthar, half-man, half-scaley. Founder of Poseidos. If you believe that kind of rubbish. - So how do you get half-man half-dinosaur? (laughs) - I don't think it's meant to be, Karl. It's symbolic. Humans and dinosaurs sharing the same thoughts and desires. Living together in perfect harmony. - I'm with Karl on that one. All of it looks a bit mucky to me. - You can't just dismiss an amazing archaeological discovery because it all looks a bit mucky. - Once a scaley, always a scaley. Path splits up ahead. Let's have a look at Denison's journal. - Okay, "We walked almost a mile underground due south. "It was back the way we'd come under the mainland "and I began to realize that the World Beneath ran "the length and breath of Dinotopia. "I followed left for 100 feet "and then came to the old north gate "where the Code of Dinotopia was first carved "into solid rock." - Over there. - This is where the monument in Fountain Square came from. So that must be the missing code. - The first three letters were F-I-N. - Well that's a D. F-I-N-D. Find the light. - Look at this boys. - [David] Look at that, they carved their whole history on it. Our history. It's all right here. - This is one of those theories, right? That dinosaurs were wiped out by a meteor and the meteor caused a tidal wave. Looks like the end of the world. - Well that must be the sunstone cave. It become like, some kind of arch. It saved them. - Scaley histories. Come on, we're near. Very near. - The ancient scrolls warned of such a time. But we must not give up hope, Marion. Maybe when we least expect it, help will come. - Sunstone fragments. This must be it. - We're looking for something a bit bigger than that, Karl. This way. - But the journal says Denison walked due north about a quarter of a mile. That's north. - But he'd stay on the main path, wouldn't he? Come on. - Maybe we should split up. We'll cover more ground that way. - That's right. Let's all split up. And if you get lost, how are you gonna find your way back? I say we follow the main path, alright? Come on. - Come on. (laughing) - I think we're lost. - Great. - No need for that. Come and look what I found. This is it, we found the light. (groaning) (dramatic music) This is it. This is everything. - [Karl] It's unreal isn't it? Looks like something from another planet. - Of course, you're right. The temple pictures make sense now. The dinosaurs didn't find the sunstone cave. The meteor that hit the earth, that is the sunstone cave. - Come on boys. Let's get all these loaded. Time's running out for our friends upstairs. - [Zippo] It's the end isn't it? - [Marion] I believe it is. - I've always said that I would never seek another partner after the death of my beloved but if I ever was, it could only be you. - I am and always will be your truest friend. Breathe deep, Zippo. - [Zippo] Seek peace, Marion. (roaring) (screeching) (high pitched ringing) - [Cyrus] Hurry up, hurry up. - [David] Careful. - That should do it, boys. - You know, I don't think can take all these, Cyrus. We're too heavy. - He's right. It's too dangerous. You're gonna have to make a second trip. - I don't think she has a second trip in her. Something will have to go. - What do you mean? - Well let me put it this way, I don't want to risk losing our precious cargo so something will have to go. But I don't think it'll be the sunstones. (laughs) - You can't be serious. - I'd like to thank you gentlemen for all your hard work but if you'll excuse me, I'll be taking my leave. - Cyrus, you're not leaving us down here. - [Karl] David! - Oh, what are you gonna do? (mumbling) - I knew we couldn't trust you. - Oh, a little boxing match, eh? Well I don't think so. 'Cause I'm a street fighter and I always win. - Dad? - Dad? - Well, well, well, all this time alone in a cave and still alive, eh? Well it's time to say goodbye. - You're not going anywhere. (screaming) - Karl. (yelling) - Don't be crazy. Just let 'em go. - Good idea - Hope you enjoy your family reunion. Cheerio. (laughing) - How did you get here? I saw you drown. - I nearly did drown. I finally managed to break free when the plane hit the ocean floor. I thought I was swimming for the surface but I came out here instead. - What'd you do for food? - All in good time, I'll tell you everything. First off, I wanna hear about you two. There's plenty of time to hear about me. - Ow. - Sorry did I hurt you? Are you okay? - It's okay. - I can't believe it. Seeing you both again, it's like magic. You know, when I heard your voices, I thought, you know, this is it. I've gotten weak, I'm beginning to hallucinate. Now this is the end. - Well, you kind of surprised us too, Dad. I mean, we thought... - God, I missed you. - [David] I missed you too. - Both of you. You've changed, I don't know what it is, but you're different. Look at you, David. I couldn't believe you facing down that guy like that, whoever he was. - Cyrus Crabb. - Come on. Come on! - Now Karl, let's get you up. Come on. I know it's only a flesh wound but it's gonna hurt, okay? Come on, lean on me. Damn it. I just don't seem to have the strength I used to have. - Are you alright? - Yeah, okay. - Now all we have to do is get out of here. - Yeah, but how are we gonna do that? Cyrus just took the only way out. - He's not going very far. Not without any gas. (banging) - Karl! Come on, fit. Oh! No. No, not like this. (roaring) - That's it then. No more Cyrus. - And no more boat. - There must be another way out of here. (screeching) - [Zippo] By the sacred codes, Pteranodons. - Everybody keep together. Come on, stay with me. Come on, keep up, keep up. Come on, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, come on, come on. Oliver! (screaming) - Karl, I told you, I already looked. Denison and Lee Crabb left the same way they came, in the submarine. There's nothing in the journal about any other way out. - That doesn't mean there isn't one. Dad, how much of this place have you seen? - How much have I seen? I don't know. I've walked maybe 2-300 miles of these caves. It's hard to say. Some of them, I couldn't get through because of the bats. No there's no way out. None, trust me I would have found it by now if there was. - Dad, is there any other way out of this place? - This is it. - Wait a minute. This is the flare I dropped into the well, remember? - Right so. - The temple in the swamp. This must be the other end, we can get out. - That's great. Dad, what's wrong? - Must be hundreds of feet to the surface. - The way I see it, we don't have a choice. - He's right dad, we don't. - You go ahead, bring back help. - What are you talking about? There is no other way of getting back. This is our last chance. - There's no way that I'm gonna go underwater again. I can't do it. - Yes you can. We can't go without you. - I can't do it. Listen, I'm scared, okay. It's the simple truth, I'm just scared. I can't. - Dad, you never get scared. - Would you listen to me? I can't go back in the water, okay? I don't think you have any idea what it's like to come this close to drowning. I don't wanna ever go through that again, okay? I can't. - Dad, dad, look at me. Look at me. You spent all that time alone in the dark thinking you'd never see or hear another human being again. That would break most men. Not you. You survived and you held on and I think you're the bravest man I've ever known. Now this is nothing compared to what you went through and this time, we can get through it together. Alright? Here. - You can hold your breath for longer than any of us, remember? - This will light the way. We can do this. Right, we'll just, we'll count to three and then take a deep breath, okay? Okay. One. - [All] Two, three. (dramatic music) (coughing) - [Dad] You okay, Karl? - Yeah, I'm fine. - I can't believe we made it. - Dad, you did it. We found the gateway. The gateway to the World Beneath. - And the sunstone cave. - I don't understand. - Dad, you're a hero. (screeching and screaming) - You okay? - Yeah. . Okay- - Oh and Dad, don't put your foot in the water. - Why not? - You don't wanna know. (screeching) - [Dad] What is that? - [David] It's alright dad. It's Free-fall. - It's what? - Stay here. Karl, look after Dad. I've got to get back to the city. I'll send for help. (screeching) (screeching) (screaming) - David. (screeching) (roaring) - Marion, please wake up. Oh dear. - In recognition of the remarkable courage you have demonstrated in our darkest hour, we present you with this symbol of our gratitude and request that you and your steed, Free-fall join the Skybax squadron. (applause) - Well done, David. - Thank you. I'd like permission to join the search for my father and brother. - Of course. The Skybax patrols and all the Earthfarm riders are out searching for them now but preliminary reports showed no signs of anyone at the temple, David. - That's impossible. - [Mayor Waldo] I assure you, I will expend every effort to find your brother and father, I will not rest until they are safe. - Who's that? (squealing) - 26, did you miss me? Did you miss me? Marion, I'd like you to meet my father, Frank Scott. - Very nice to meet you. - It's very nice to meet you too, Marion. Have to forgive me, I'm a little overwhelmed by everything that's been happening to me. - You must be Frank Scott. I've heard so much about you. - Is he safe? - It's okay, Dad. He's not gonna bite you. - I'm sorry, my name is Zippo Stenosaurus. It's an absolute pleasure to meet you, sir. - Oh, it's very nice to meet you too, Mr Stenosaurus. - Oh, Zippo, please. - You have no idea what pleasure it gives me to meet the father of these two fine young men. I always believed in these boys, didn't I Rosemary? - Yes, you definitely did, dear. - We all owe a huge debt of gratitude to these fine young men. David Scott, you ride the Skybax with the same courage and grace as the great Gideon Altaire. And you Karl Scott will be reinstated as the Chasmasours' legal guardian. Oh. (laughs) Never again must be rest on our laurels as we sacrifice progress to tradition. You have brought a new vision to Dinotopia. (squealing) - Thank you, Lord Mayor. Dad? David, you were right. The gateway to the World Beneath is open again. We found the light. (cheering) (bright music) OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 