Dinotopia: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dinotopia 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dinotopia (2002): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 Bickering, the boys fall into the cascade in drift afloat the river. Thus they and Zippo, who came to their rescue with Marion, discover a scarily-well-guarded lost temple, also an entry to... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Well I am quite confident we are completely lost. - Wait here a minute. Over here! Over here! - I found them. I found them, they're over there. - They found us. Can you take us to Vadaba? Our friend is hurt. - We can escort you to the ridge and you will find the roads of Vadaba from there. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Mother. - Marion. - Rosemary is the matriarch of Vadaba earth farm. - Matriarch? What's that mean? - Well in your world, well I suppose it means, she's in charge. - Hi, I'm Karl. - I've heard a lot about the two of you. None of it good. David's very sick. How do you manage to cause so much trouble in such a short time? - It's a skill, honed over a lifetime. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - It's time you hone some other skills. - Come on, David. - Jumper, Samantha. - Yes, matriarch. - Please, tend to David, he's not well. - Of course. - Thank you. He's going to be fine, Karl, we'll take good care of him. Now Vadaba's a working community, with seven thousand acres, of fields, barns, hatchery. We supply over half the food for Waterfall City. But right now, I want you to help care for your brother, while Marion and I prepare medicine for him. - Okay, I'll see you later. Come on, Zippo. - I've had postal birds from your father every day. He's furious with you for going after the boys. I'd like to know why you chose to defy him. - I just did what you would do in my situation. I thought they could be in danger. - Marion, they're outsiders. They don't yet understand Dinotopian ways. You're different. You're wearing it, aren't you? - I understand it was half yours to give. Thank you. - It may protect you one day. The carnivores are straying from their traditional territory. Five of our Brachiosaur herd were killed last month. The hatchery is full of orphans. - I tried talking to the senate, but nobody would listen. - Hardly surprising when you know who's in charge. - Five years is a very long time to refuse to speak to father. - Marion, I have never refused your father a conversation. - And it's not very Dinotopian. - My husband likes his roads and his backwoods much too much. He should live closer to the earth. You are very different from him. You have the gift of understanding. - I don't want to be treated differently from anyone else. - Nevertheless, my dearest daughter, you are different. Welcome home. Has anybody seen Karl? - No. He may be in the barn. - Good lord Ogthar. - So that's 23, match point. - Match point? Yes, right. Ha ha, take that! - Nice tail shot, Zip. - So long fetching the ball. - I win, nice try, Zippo, but you only got three points. - Three points? Well, I'm improving. - If you wanna win, you're gonna have to learn how to smash. - I haven't got a smash? - That's right, like this. " Oh! Well I will learn how to smash. - Zippo, what do you think you're doing? - I was hoping to challenge Karl for a rematch. - Don't you have duties back in Waterfall City? - Yes, matriarch, yes I must return soon, but I'm studying mammals in their natural environment, for my thesis. - You're writing a thesis on me? - Yes, reasoning, feeding, and breeding. - You're studying me? I'm not gonna be your guinea pig. - Unless I'm mistaken, guinea pigs are furry rodents... - Enough of this. Karl, you're not on vacation. You're expected to work with the other students during the day. - Look, no disrespect, Rosemary, but I'm not a Dinotopian, and I don't wanna become one, okay? - Do you intend to eat our food? - Well, yeah, I guess. - Then you'll help us make it, starting now. And please address me as matriarch in the future. - Whew, that was close. - Ah, David, I've brought you some dinkah. - Hey, Zippo. - I've come to say goodbye, David. I must return to Waterfall City to tell the senate about the sacred temple. I brought you some tea. - Thanks. What is this stuff? - It's a plant, octaem longivus, regularly drunk to prolong life expectancy to 250 years, or more. - I think I'd rather die young. So how long have I been asleep, anyway? - Almost a week. - A week? Wow, must've been really sick. So what's been happening? - Well it's been fascinating. Marion and Karl have become really good friends. - Friends? What do you mean, friends? Karl doesn't have any female friends. - Well, they barely stray from each other's company. What is it? - I think I'm gonna use my convalescence to study the Brachiosaurus. - Tell me another one. - Okay uh, let me think. Knock knock. - Who's there? - Goliath. - Goliath who? - Goliath down, you look a tired. - ls Goliath a real name? - He as a giant, a bully, but a boy killed him with his slingshot, saved the whole town. Everybody knows the story of Karl and Goliath. - Tell me another one. - You've made a miraculous recovery. - Rosemary. - My daughter says you're a brilliant student. She says you've a gift for saurian languages. - Well, I'm glad she thinks so. She's a great teacher. She even got Karl through school. - Why does that surprise you? - Well, you know, Karl's not exactly a model student. He's rebellious. I think he's carrying around a lot of anger. - Yes, almost as much as you. David, you're wonderfully clever, but you seem unhappy. Are you always going to stand outside life? Watch it go by? - I don't think there's anything wrong with being a loner. - No, not if you really want to be alone. - Where are you going? - Nowhere, go back to sleep. - What do you mean, nowhere? - I'm just gonna get some air. I'll see ya later, okay. - What is it, what's going on? - What is it? - Hi girls, anyone know where I might be able to find, um... Oh. Listen, I was wondering if you were, uh, doing anything tonight? Maybe we could go for a walk. It's beautiful out. What do you say? - It's come to my notice that you've both broken student rules about leaving your sleeping quarters. Would you like to tell me what happened last night? I'd appreciate your complete honesty. - Look, Rosemary, I'm sorry if we broke your rules, but we were just having a little bit of fun. You know, being spontaneous. - Watch how you speak to me. - We went for a swim. - Karl has a little problem with authority. He's been kicked out of 11 schools. - David, I wasn't speaking to you. Why aren't you nesting properly? - Nesting? Because I don't belong here, and I don't think I ever will, is that clear enough for you? - I think tonight's ceremony might change your mind about staying here. - I doubt it. - I'm sure of it. - The floor recognizes Professor Zippo Stenosaurus, resident scholar at the ancient public library, who wishes to present findings of his recent research, sir. - Yes, uh, thank you, mayor. I have news of the utmost importance. Since I returned, I've been working throughout the night in the library comparing ancient scrolls and carvings. I have no doubt that I have discovered, with some help, one of the three entrances to the world beneath. The ancient temple of Caro. Dangerous though it is, I believe an expedition should be made to further explore... - No, beneath. - Almosaur rightly reminds us that we must never, under any circumstances, violate the sacred world beneath. - Yes, yes, yes, traditional views must be respected, but this is a terribly important discovery, and if you would just look at my research. - Tis forbidden. How can we ask to be left in peace, and then trespass on the territory of others? These places belong to the carnivores. We must respect their territories, now more than ever. - Yes, but perhaps there are sunstones to be found in the world beneath. - By your own admission, you only just escaped with your lives. No expedition will be sanctioned under any circumstances. This session of the senate is closed. - This is the last night you'll spend here. The harvest is being gathered once again for another year, and it's time for you to move on. I want no one to speak for the next four hours, no matter how strong the temptation. It's time for you to see as the dinosaurs see. It's a gift we are all born with. Listen to the earth. Try and clear your mind of all thoughts. We're all part of everything, no more, or less. Everything on earth has the same heartbeat, if you listen. - I'm sorry, I'm gonna start laughing in a minute. You all have your mystical experience. I'm going to bed. - Alright, Karl. Goodnight. - Hey David, you okay? - Actually, I think okay would be an understatement. I can't remember feeling this good, ever. - This is really something isn't it? - Yeah, it's like, just, no words. No words to describe this. - Samantha, we're in accord. You're of the sea, you'll work with the dolphins of Dragonfly Coast. Karl. You are of the land. You'll remain here and train in the hatchery. David. You are of the sky. - Of the sky? - We're in accord. - Are you sure? - Yes, you'll undergo skybax training in Canyon City. . Okay- - Marion, you're not assigned a habitat. Bethany, you're of the land. You'll study climate in the great plains. - Why didn't you assign me a habitat? - You're not of the sea, you're not of the earth, or the sky. You're, you're special, you're of everything. - But what if I don't want to be special? - I want you to go to Canyon City, with David. It has the largest Pteranodon swarms on Dinotopia, and they're becoming increasingly aggressive. I want you to study them. - You're just giving me something to do. - No, what I'm asking you to do is very dangerous, and I don't ask it lightly. Marion, the lights are going out all over Dinotopia. - But what does that have to do with the Pteranodons? Or with me? - Lend your mind to the problem. A single raindrop raises the sea. Oh, and look after David. He's part of the solution. - Look, I don't wanna stay here without you. - If you really care about me, then try. Trust my mother. - Karl, Karl I really can't say how much Marion and I are gonna miss you. - We really will miss you, Karl. - You're not really joining the Skybax, are you? I mean, the first time you see one of those birds up close, you're gonna freak. - Don't worry, I'll look after David. - Oh really? - Actually, we'll look after each other. - Breathe deep, Karl. - Yeah you too. - Selcacoot, stay left, left. Selcacoot, Selcacoot. - You're very funny, David. - Marion, I don't know who your mom's trying to kid. Karl should be the one going to Canyon City, not me. - Why do you say that? - Karl would know how to ride a novalander. - I think my mother knows what she's doing, David. There's more to you than meets the eye. She knew that the moment she met you, and so did I. - You've gotta stop doing this to me. - What are you talking about? - Climbing is what I'm talking about. This is like a chronic nightmare within a very, very bad dream. - David, it's beautiful. Come on, I'll hold your hand. There it is, David, Canyon City. There's the Amu River, can you see it? - There's no way I'm looking down there. How far down is that? - 6,000 feet. - 6,000 feet? That's not possible, nothing is 6,000 feet down. Your mother's made a terrible mistake, and I have to tell someone here, who's in charge, right away. - Breathe deep. - Seek peace. - I'm Marion, and this is David. - I know, I'm Romana Denison. Welcome to Canyon City. - Thanks. - Marion, the city council is waiting to welcome you. - I'm going to see you again soon, right? - I'll see you very soon, don't worry. - I'll show you to your quarters. - Bye. - Bye. - By the way, that's not what flyers say. - What do you mean? - Well, the reply to breathe deep is fly high. - Fly high, Okay- So, are you as terrified as I am about this course? - Not at all. I've waited all my life for this opportunity. - Right. And you think it's a good idea, living this high up on the edge of a cliff? - But you see, it's part of getting closer to the Skybax. We learn to see the world the way they do. Here we are. This will be your station. I'm next door if you need anything. From now on, you must wear your uniform at all times. Your first class will begin at dawn tomorrow. You must not be late. - Hi, they gave me this card. - Follow me. You've got to be very quiet. A triceratops has just given birth. - You're not related to Rosemary or Marion, are you? - Rosemary's my mother, and Marion's my elder sister. Here we are. - Wow. - This is the incubation room. Warmer temperatures change developing embryos to males, and cooler, to females. You can normally tell when they're ready because, before hatching, the eggs squeak. Have a listen. - They squeak? - Yep. - Oh yeah, huh. - Let's see your ticket. 26,26, 26... 26. Okay Karl, this one's yours. - What do you mean, mine? - You have to look after it. - No, I don't understand. - It's your saurian life partner. - Breathe deep. - Fly high. - I am Oonu, squadron leader of the Skybax Corp, and I will be your instructor. There are approximately 4,200 Dinotopians working in Canyon City, and only 12 Skybax riders each year are selected. Step forward. The statues you see before you are called the Sentinels. They divide the canyon. The air above them belongs to the Skybax. The space below, to the Pteranodons. Since the two species split long ago, all attempts to communicate with the Pteranodons have failed. You cannot ride a Skybax if you have fear in your heart. They will sense that fear and they will not approach. In a moment, third year cadets will begin their morning flight. Until then, observe. - Concentrate, listen to their smallest movements. - Is this your idea of a joke? - Take her back to the incubation room at once. Do you want to kill your partner? - Partner, what are you talking about? - Class, thank you. Karl, this is your Saurian partner. Now take her back, where it's warm. - Who said I wanted a partner? I agreed to stay here and work. I didn't agree to this. - Karl, what did you feel, when you communed with the Brachiosaurus? - I don't know. I guess, I felt something. It's really hard to explain. - You felt part of something more than yourself. - Okay maybe, but... - You felt part of our world. It's all I have to teach you, Karl, but it's the most important thing you'll ever learn. Now, put her back. She needs to be kept warm. - You keep calling it a her. How do you know it's a her? - I just know things, Karl, remember? - Sixth code of Dinotopia. - Observe, listen, and learn. - In Canyon City, your lives will depend on it. Do you understand? - Yes sir. - First lesson, you never ride a Skybax, you ride with a Skybax, observe. The morning flight, where you pass within inches of the Sentinel barrier, is one of the finest experiences in all of Dinotopia. It is also one of the most dangerous. You have a hundred days to learn how to do that. Now face. We can only live here because we respect the territory of our neighbours. Any student who descends below the line of the Sentinels will be instantly expelled from Canyon City. - Excuse me, sir? I think I'm in the wrong place. This seems to be a course for pilots, and I'm probably ground crew or something. - To commune with the Skybax, you must first learn to think as they do. Observe them, watch them, see how they fly. This machine simulates sudden changes in wind and air currents, which you will experience in the Canyon. Let us begin. Cadet, you first. Come forward. Unless you enjoy flying backwards, I suggest you turn around, sir. You will naturally want to hold on to the harness, but before you can fly a real Skybax, you will have also learned to ride without holding on. Are you comfortable, cadet? - Mm hmm. - Falling off here is amusing. Falling off in the canyon, is not. Again, cadet. Again, cadet. Again. Again. Again! - Uh, sir? I wonder if I should sit this one out. - When the Skybax moves, lean in with it. You will find your balance. - So exciting. He's only an adolescent but, the rest of the group rejected him, because he's an albino, but I think I can make contact with him. It was fantastic. So, how's your training going? - Oh, it's thrilling, yeah, I get a big thrill falling off that Skybax machine. - Really? - Oh yeah, I mean, I don't think it would be more fun if they were driving nails into my head. - Well, I think you look very handsome in your uniform. What? - Nothing, just, please be careful down there, okay? I don't know what I'd do here without you around. - It's failing us, look! - The sunstones are failing here, aren't they? What happens when they all die? - I don't know. - Well, we have encountered problems like this before, and the solution has always been to keep a calm mind and use our intellect. - Well, well, well, well, well. - Hmmm? - As you sit there debating, all the sunstones are failing. - You have not been recognized by the floor, Mr. Crabb. - Does the floor recognize these? The sunstones are failing, and your mayor stands there beneath the prow of a wrecked ship, leading you into yet another disaster. - That is scare mongering, and we will not tolerate it. I can announce today that by the end of the month, there will be 12 new sunstone restorers. Now, the life of a fading sunstone could be dramatically improved with skilled attention. - What about the sunstone reserves? - None of your business. - Absolutely right. - Yes, you must mean as the reeks are chewing their way through your throne. We want the truth. How many sunstones are left in the city vaults? - Well the, the reserves are severely depleted. - They're all gone. I petition the senate to grant me access to documentation of the world beneath and the ancient library of Dinotopia. We must prepare an expedition. - Sit down, Mr. Crabb. In the interest of democracy, we must allow others to speak. - Professor, professor, could you spare me a moment? - Yes, and you are? - I'm Cyrus Crabb, I'm a dealer of antiques. I heard your lecture in the senate the other day. It was a rather brilliant presentation. - It was hardly a lecture. - See, I've recently come into possession of an ancient scroll... - Scroll? - And uh, being a somewhat uneducated fellow, I can't really make it out in detail but, I believe it relates to the world beneath. - The world beneath, really? - I welcome your expertise, and I'm sure a scholar of your standing would have no trouble identifying the text. I mean, if it's not too much of an imposition. - Oh, no no no, not at all. It would be a pleasure. - If you're sure you don't mind, my shop's just up here. - Yes, well I suppose I could have a look at it now. Yes, yes, this language hasn't been used in over a thousand years. It's incredible. Off the tip of the southern coast in a small reef bordered back to the south of the Polongo River lies a diamond cave. Almost 300 feet below sea level the cave is guarded by, oh dear. The writing has been washed away. I would like to read more. I believe this scroll describes an entrance to the world beneath. - Well, you take your time professor. - Mm hmmm. - You know, I've only just realized that we may have some friends in common. - Oh yes? - The two boys on the plane, didn't they lodge with you? - David and Karl Scott? - Yes, yes. I had a little cry when I heard what happened to them, tumbling over the Great Falls like that, terrible, terrible. But then I heard rumours that they may have survived. - Well I've just left the boys in Vadaba. They're safe and well. - Safe and well, really, really. Well that is good news. - I don't believe it. This, this belongs to the library of Dinotopia. This was stolen. - Stolen? Well that's a rather harsh term. - This figurine is from the city museum. This is a terrible theft. - The museum, no, no. - What else have you taken? I'm going to have to report you to the authorities. - I don't think so, scaley. - This is crazy. I mean, what am I doing here? - Oh, let me out! Help! Let me out right away! Why can't we just live in harmony? Please, I can't swim! - Harmony's overrated. - Where are you going? Please, come back! Help! Help. Oh my good lord Ogthar. - Woah! - Oh, Oh! I have a message for Karl Scott. It is polite after long journeys to offer the postal bird a drink, you know. - Of course, one second. Here you go. - Greetings from Marion at Canyon City. I miss seeing your face. David seems permanently terrified, but I'm trying to keep his spirits up. You're in my thoughts many times in the day. End of message. - Wait, wait, can I send a reply back? - More than 20 words incurs a surcharge. - No movement yet? - Nothing, not even a shake. What's she gonna be when she hatches, other than big? - She's a Chasmosaurus, one of the Hadrosaur family. - And what do you know about them? - They honk, loudly. - Today is about fear. Last year, a cadet almost fell to his death on this climb, so your vigilance is vital. Follow me. Come on. - What? It's hatching. Samantha, it's happening. I think I see something. - What are you going to name her? - Name her? I'm not gonna name her anything. I can't take responsibility for her. What does she want? - She thinks you're her mommy. - She wants you to feed her. - Ah, you've gotta be kidding. Oh no. - If you help me out of here, I promise, I won't finish the thesis. - Hey, Wally, come here. - What? - What do you think that is? - I don't know, it's moving. - Oh, for goodness sakes, open the bag. - Be my guest. - Here, let me help you. - Come on, that's it. You can do it, good. - Come on. David, what's wrong? - It's the height. I think, I think I'm having a panic attack. - Remember, you are of the sky. - I am not of the sky. I don't know who said that. If anything, I'm of the couch. I can't do this. - Here, take my hand. - You must face your fear if you are to overcome it. Fear is the future. There is no fear in the present, only action and reaction. This rock is the place from which Gideon Altaire formed the Corp and flew the very first Skybax mission. It is a tradition that every new recruit writes their name on this rock. Jump across, and add your name to this illustrious list. Well done. That's it, well done. Come on, cadet. Make the jump. - No, no, I can't do that. - Make the jump, cadet. - I can't do it! - Make the jump, come on. - Come on, David. - I can't. - See me tonight after training. - Easy now. - This saddle belonged to my grandfather, Oolu, who taught the great Will Denison, the finest Skybax rider ever. Romana is his daughter, and has many of his skills. - I don't see why anyone thinks I could ride a Skybax. I have a terrible fear of heights. And I don't see how anyone who hasn't experienced that can really understand. - You're not frightened of heights, David, you're frightened of something else. Come forward. Do you know who's this is? - No. - This belonged to Gideon Altaire, who formed the Corp. The first man to ever ride a wild Skybax. - Great. - He was two years younger than you when he did it, cadet. Of all the things you do in your life, David, nothing will ever compare to the sensation of flying a Skybax for the first time. - No, no, I can't do it sir, I've been wrongly assigned. Trust me, I know. - No cadet has ever failed my course, and you will not be the first. - Captain! - What is it? - Someone's down there. - It's Marion. Marion, are you alright? - I'm fine. - Come on, gotta get you outta here, come on. - What were you thinking? Look at you. - They're scratches, they will heal. - You disobeyed me. You deliberately went beyond the safety barriers. Your father gave me express instructions that you are not to be put in danger. - My father... - Your father is mayor of Waterfall City and holds me responsible for your safety. - My mother sent me to study the Pteranodons. She said they could hold a... - You are not the only one concerned with the future of Dinotopia. The fact is, you could've been killed. Your study of the Pteranodons is now over. You are confined to quarters until further notice, understood? Is that understood? - Sir. - Why isn't she making any noise? Maybe something's wrong with her. - It's very strange. Hydrosaurs are known for their powerful voices. Maybe it's the trauma of her birth. - She is an orphan. - Really? - Last month, the village of Somala was destroyed by the Tyrannosauras herd that attacked you. Her mother was giving birth when it happened. She was trampled to death. - It's very rare for a dinosaur to lay so many eggs. 26 in all. - All the eggs were smashed, but this one. A Skybax rider brought her here. - So, have you decided on a name yet? - I told you, I'm not gonna give her a name, because I'm not keeping her. - But you have to name her. - Alright, okay. Urn... 26, that's what I'm gonna call her, happy? - Well basically it's a variation on the standard pincer movement from World War ll. - Pincer movement? - Right, I thought maybe the squadron could split in two, with riders attacking straight ahead in arrow formation, and the others circling around and dividing the herd from behind, like a pincer. - Very impressive, thank you. - Well done. - Nice work. - Good idea. - Very impressive. - What? Oh, it's you, hey Cyrus. - Never had you down as a nautical man. - My father used to race yachts. - Really. - So uh, what brings you here? - I've been thrown out of Waterfall City for asking the wrong questions. Still, they know best about everything, don't they? - Yeah, they always seem to know best. - You know what I like about you, Karl? Life's done you no favours. You're like me, you've been knocked down so many times but you always manage to get up again, don't you? You're a fighter. Listen, forget it. Try to cross that razor reef, it'll slice you in half. - What, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life here or something? - Listen, listen, without a pirate chart, you're dead. Now the gap in the reef, with this chart, at low tide, you could sail straight through. - Well, can you get it for me? - I will if I can. I will for you, Karl. You can rely on me, Karl. - That's it, that's it, hold on. Fly with it. Stay with it, that's it. And control it. That's it, that's it David. You've got it. That was great, David. - Thanks. - You've done it. - As you have now completed your training, I have something to give you before I dismiss the class. When you've flown your Skybax for a full year, you may add your name to the other great riders engraved on the saddle. Cadet Romana. I have something special for you. You should have this. - This was my father's. - He would've been very proud. Breathe deep. - Fly high. - Before you leave, you must remember that the Pteranodons are now hunting above the Sentinel line, and that Canyon city has a curfew at sundown. Cadet David, please stay behind. The rest of you are dismissed, breathe deep. - Fly high. - So... - You have made great progress, but you are still bound to the earth. - You're gonna fail me? I have done everything you asked me to, and I am just as good as any of the other cadets. What more do you want me to do? - Spend a night with the Skybax, sleep in their nests, then, I will give you a saddle. - ls this a joke? That's impossible. You know I can't do that. - Cadet David, you are dismissed. - I heard what happened. - You know I'm leaving. It's just a waste of time. He just wants me to resign from the Corp, that's all it is. - David. - How can I climb up to those nests? - Did he say you have to climb on your own? - No, but... - But then I'll Climb with you. Unless you would rather climb with one of your fellow cadets, such as Romana Denison. - I like Romana very much. - I thought so. - But I don't wanna climb with Romana. - We'd better get ready for the climb, then. Are you coming? - Yeah. - Cyrus. - Don't talk to me, don't talk to me, don't call me a friend. I won't be, when I tell you the bad news. - What? - I could get you the pirate chart you need but uh, they won't part with it for nothing. - You know I don't have any money. - No no no no no no no, not money, not money they need. I'll tell you what they want. That little sunstone from the hatchery roof. - No, no way, stealing the book is one thing, but I'm not taking their sunstone. - Oh very noble, very noble choice. What's more important? Your life, or one of their silly little sunstones? They've got vaults full of them in Waterfall City, I've seen them with me own eyes. - I don't know, Cyrus. - What have the scaleys ever done for you, eh? I'll tell you, nothing. Big fat nothing. - I can't, it's a hatchery. Anyway, if this chart is so great, why are you still here? - Oh I'm going. I'm going, don't worry about that. When I've got enough treasure to make me king of the world, I'm going. - I'll take my chances without this chart. - Well you do that, you do that, and you're dead, dead as daddy, you understand? Is that what you want? - No. - Well do you want to go home? - Yeah. - Yeah. - I wanna go home, I wanna go home. - I've changed my mind. Let's go back. - Don't look down. Just take the next step. Remember, one raindrop raises the sea. - Will you quit with the sayings. You know, you have a saying for everything. - David look, it's the albino. I think he's following us. Come on David, you can do it. - I can't take much more of this. - David, you've got to stop fighting yourself. You must learn to let go of your fears. - Well you're not perfect yourself. - No one's perfect, but since you clearly have something to say, perhaps you can tell me what my imperfections are. Maybe I can improve. - No, let's just stop this right here, because we'll only end up arguing. - I don't argue with anybody. - There, that's it, it's things like that. "I don't argue with anybody." Why is that? It's because you're convinced that you're right, and everybody else is wrong. I mean, why can't you just loosen up, or behave badly, or tell a lie? - Marion! - David! - Hold on. Stay there. I'm coming. - David please help me, I can't move. - Here, take my hand. Take it, come on. That's right. Just a little more. Are you sure you're okay? - Yes, a little scared but... - We made it, Marion. - Yes. - It's amazing, isn't it? - It is. - Here, take my hand. Whew, we did it, Marion. - 26, did you do this? You know the rules. I told you to stay in your crib, okay? Now you stay in here and sleep. That's it. - It's pretty incredible up here, huh? - Oonu's father made him climb up here, before he could join the Corp. - I'm sorry I shouted at you before. I was just... I was just scared. - It's nothing. It's forgotten. You're going to fly, David. I'm sure of it. My mother's never wrong about such things. Why are you looking at me like that? What is it? - Marion, ever since I saw you with that Ankylosaurus, you remember, with the toothache? - Oh him, oh it was such a long time ago. - Right, well, I think it was then, - Yes. - What I mean is, I think I'm falling in love with you. I don't know how else to say it. - In love? - I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said that, I'm sorry. - You don't have to apologize for the way that you feel. I'm very flattered. - Flattered. So there's no chance you have any kind of feelings for me? - When I saw you with Romana, I felt something, I don't know how to describe it. - You did? - Well there are certain things my training doesn't seem to have prepared me for. ♫ Why do birds suddenly appear ♫ Every time you are near ♫ Just like me, they long to be ♫ Close to you ♫ - Message for Marion. Hope you enjoyed the song. - Message from who? - Message from Karl Scott. - Oh. - I don't believe it. This can't be happening. How can we be here, alone, on top of the world, and my brother is sending you singagrams? That is so, typical. - He sends me messages all the time. - He does? - Well, I think he might be lonely. - Karl, lonely? - Any reply? - Yes there is a reply. Nice to hear from you Karl, we're fine, never better. - Oh and don't forget David's graduation ceremony, yours, Marion. - And David. - Sorry Karl, can't have you leaving the island just yet. - Marion, Marion. It just, dropped down out of the sky, like he was in free fall or something. - It's alright, it's the albino Pteranodon. He's followed us. Hold very still. He's communing with you. You must speak his name. - His name? How am I supposed to know his name? - Find it inside yourself. - His name is Freefall. - Karl. - Hey. - I knew you wouldn't let me down. You have the sunstone? - You have the chart? - From your tone, I'd think you didn't trust me. - Good. Sunstone. - Well, I wish you all the luck Cyrus Crabb has at his disposal. - Thanks Cyrus. - Chin up, I'm sure you'll make it. I'm gonna miss you, Karl. You crook, you filthy, lousy cheat. I like you. Have a nice trip, sonny. - Samantha, what's the matter? - Karl has gone, and so's 26. - Let's go and see what's happened to them. - What the... - Karl, Karl! - Go away! 26! You're safe now. - This graduation ceremony will be your first and only chance to qualify as Skybax riders. If a Skybax does not come to you when you call, or if you fail to ride it, you will be dismissed from the Sky Corp. Let us begin. Cadet Romana. - Good luck. - Cadet David. Time to fly. - You can do it, David. - Did I miss something? - I'm so glad you made it. Look, David's about to fly for the first time. - You have been rejected, cadet. Come down. I am sorry, David. You will never ride a Skybax, and you are dismissed from the Corp forthwith. - David, wait. Look, I'm proud of you. - Just, leave me alone, okay? - You tried, you didn't quit. I wish dad coulda seen you. - He didn't need to see me fail again. - You didn't fail. Wait, Dave, Dave. - Leave him. - I can do this. - I don't believe it. He's gonna jump. - No he's not, Karl, leave him. - Come on. David! - Look! - Did you see that? Way to go, David! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 