Dollhouse: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dollhouse 
 s1e5 - True Believer - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dollhouse (2009–2010): Season 1, Episode 5 - True Believer - full transcript 
 Echo is programed to go under cover as a blind woman at religious cult in Arizona after a corrupt senator recruits Dollhouse to assist the ATF in the breakup of the cult. But with Boyd ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 On the street, city ground She's in trouble all the time Like a runaway train on the track Leaning on the everlasting arms What a fellowship, what a joy divine Leaning on the everlasting... Leaning Safe and secure from all alarms Leaning, leaning Leaning on the everlasting arms What a blessedness, what a peace is mine 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Leaning on the everlasting arms Leaning, leaning Leaning on the... Excuse you. Are you gonna pick that up? O how sweet to walk... Hey. ...in this pilgrim way Hey! I'm talking to you! What, are you deaf? Or you just tone-deaf? O how bright the path Jesse, not in my shop, please. Not in your shop? They wouldn't be in your shop if you refused to serve them. No. You know what they're doing up there on that compound. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 No, I don't. Neither do you. Well, you just don't want to know. Hey. Hey! What have I to dread What have I to fear Osama bin Gandhi. What do you need that for, huh? Leaning on the everlasting arms Or this? Hmm? Look at me! Leaning... Look at me when I talk to you! Huh? All right, all right, enough! Get out of my store, Jesse. Trouble? No. Leaning, leaning Safe and secure from all alarms No trouble. Leaning, leaning Leaning on the everlasting arms Leaning, leaning Safe and secure... - It's weird. - Their money spends just fine. It's not so much the singing as it is the smiling. What do you figure that's all about? - Maybe they're just happy, Phil. - Yeah, maybe. Happy? No, this is something quite apart from happiness. Call it a kind of bliss, an unquestioning serenity. True happiness requires some measure of self-awareness. We're talking about people here who have their very wills taken away. Imagine such a thing. The irony of bringing this to you, Adelle, is not lost on me, I promise you. It's not the irony that concerns me. You're asking me to place an Active with a federal agency. Indirectly, yes. I don't wish to be vulgar, but one of the many benefits of having you as a client is that you help us avoid entanglements with federal agencies. Senator. It's the ATF. You been running guns? Besides, your Active won't be working with the government. One of your security guys would liaise. Your Active would be perfectly safe. In a fanatical religious cult. Adelle... - This is an election year. - Ah! I got the family value voters on the right, the women's issues constituency on the left, all coming after me, if anything untoward is going on behind those compound walls. The ATF is convinced there is. Now, we have a very narrow window on this warrant. If the government sends in some wet-behind-the-ears Quantico undercover graduate, these people are gonna know about it. I need the real thing. I need a true believer. I can't help you. You're the only one who can. Aren't you supposed to be shot? I lived. I see that. Shouldn't you be recuperating? Come on, Loomis. You scan the face, you look for a match. Computer does all the work. Have Carter run it through NCIC. I already did that. - And you didn't get a match? - Nothing. Well, I don't know what you expect me to do. We both know your clearance rating opens up databases Carter can only dream about. Then you know that I've got plenty of faces to scan for people much more impressive than you. But not as charming. Was that flirting? I think so. It's been a while. Did I mention I was shot? I don't like it. Good. It's your job not to like it, Mr. Dominic, but Senator Boxbaum is more than just a valued client. He's a well-placed asset. Denying his request would have a steeper downside than acquiescing. It's not the job. I'm confident Langton can handle the ATF. It's Echo. Her field response has been wildly erratic lately. She's demonstrated a talent for adaptability, which is precisely what is required in this instance. They shouldn't be adaptable. They should be predictable. If Alpha didn't teach us that much. You don't like Echo, do you, Mr. Dominic? It's not that I don't like her. It's that sometimes I worry you do. Your objections have been noted. Thank you, Mr. Dominic. Hello, Echo. Hello. I had an exam. That's good. Would you like to have some lunch now? I would. She shouldn't eat. Not before the surgery. Echo, why don't you go and have a massage? A massage would be relaxing. If she were any more relaxed, she'd be ooze. So, it's doable? It's experimental. And highly invasive. But doable? The actual procedure isn't much more complicated than laser eye correction. - It ain't brain surgery. - Actually, it is brain surgery. We're going to be turning Echo into a human camera, and in order to do that, she's going to have to be made blind. Not permanently. In theory. So, this is it? Yes, the latest in CSEVP. Cortical stimulation for evocation of visual perception. - Brain camera for the blind. - Or that. And this is what she'll be seeing? Well, this is what the feds will be seeing, only less clear once we get it inside of Echo. We'll be using her eyes as lenses. The images will bypass her own cortex and be broadcast directly back to the ATF. Echo herself will see no evil. There have been instances of this technology causing aneurysms and, in one case, death. It's possible one good sneeze could bring on a seizure. Or even worse, a sneezure. The risks have been determined to be within acceptable margins. How soon can she be ready? I'll need 24 hours. Good. Clock starts now. Thanks. This is our target. Calls himself Jonas Sparrow. Real name, Nathan Allan White. Thirty-six years of age, spent most of those years in federal prisons. Last time he was inside, Sparrow claimed a conversion experience. Upon release, he joined up with the Zion Ranch. Formed a splinter group. They grew in number, set up shop here. What kind of shop? Given Sparrow's history, it could be anything from gunrunning to human trafficking. One thing I can promise you, he is not up at that ranch putting hay in a manger. Our problem has been we haven't been able to show cause for a warrant. Until now. Sparrow never leaves the compound himself. But once a month, he sends some minions into town to buy supplies. They go in groups to watch each other. Well, someone wasn't watching closely enough, because one of the faithful managed to scribble this on the back of a shopping list. "Save me." These two words have opened a crack in the door. A very small crack. A judge has agreed to let us do a sneak-and-peek. We have 48 hours to show cause for further action. Then the door shuts again. Forty-eight hours to penetrate a closed group? To gain their confidence, to get inside? I'd like you all to meet Boyd Langton. Private contractor recommended to us by Senator Boxbaum. He's been vetted at the highest level. I'll let him tell you what he does. Hi. So, what I do is I work with an extraordinary young woman. She's not a law enforcement officer. She's not an undercover agent. She's just a girl. And she's going to help us. Her name is Esther Carpenter, and she knows these people. She knows them like she knows herself. Did she escape from a cult? No. She didn't escape from anything. Esther's talent is not in getting out, but getting in. And because of this talent, and because of who she is, that is what she will do. She will not arrive there a stranger or an intruder. She will walk through the gates of that compound, and she will be accepted as one of them. How? Through a miracle. I can feel the sun. We're headed south now. You made the turn. It means we're getting closer. I really want to thank you for going out of your way. It's not as far out of my way as you might think. I admire your courage. Hitchhiking across country. - Because I'm blind? - Ah, 'cause you're a girl. I'm a girl? Wow, I've been blind longer than I thought. - Do I hear a smile? - You do. So, you weren't always blind? No, the Lord saw fit to take my vision when I was nine. The Lord, huh? And you don't blame him? Blame him? No, I praise him. Saul of Tarsus made it all the way to Damascus after he was struck blind, and he became a new person. - You want to become a new person? - More than anything. - Are we here? - I think so. There's a gate. It looks like it's open. I could walk you there. No, thank you. I made it this far. Is the path close? Open the door, you'll step right on it. Thank you. And God bless you. Hello? Hello? Please, I know you're there. Jonas Sparrow. I'd know your face anywhere. You broke in? Okay. So then here's what I want you to do. Bring the drugs to this address. You ready? 9000 Temple Street. Downtown. I'll see you then. That was my neighbor. I forgot my pain medication at home. She's gonna run it down here for me. Please tell me we've made some progress? Sorry. I tried every biometric I know. Your Caroline doesn't exist. I'll leave it active and in the system, at least for now. If I get any hits off the face recog, I'll let you know. Esther Louise Carpenter. From Raymond, New Hampshire. A blind hitchhiker. And you got all the way here by yourself? I was led. By God. And was that God in the car that dropped you off? Just one of his instruments. Who told you about this place, Esther Louise Carpenter? You did. I've never seen you before. But I've seen you. You appeared to me in a vision. You spoke to me. You said a place had been prepared for me. You told me to walk out my door, to not be afraid. You said, "Come to your brothers and sisters at the Temple." You said I would be carried here. As if on the wind. And then you took my hand, and you held it to your face so that I would know it. Amen. Amen. Praise be to God. Hallelujah. Praise be to God. Amen. They're taking her inside. As advertised. "We shall make a new garden, and fresh buds will flower there." It's happening. If she is what she says she is. What else could she be? Brother Seth, I've told you how we must protect this garden. There are those who would seek to destroy it, you know that. Yes. We are commanded to test all of the signs. If a serpent should enter, we must crush it underneath our heel. You understand that? - Yes, Jonas. - We must keep the garden pure. Hello. Good day. - The water is warm. - Yes. - It feels nice. - Yes, it does. It feels nice. For my money, the Valsalva mechanism Is really the way to go. Hey... I gotta go. Something came up. Doctor? Topher. - Hello. - Hello. So, listen. Here's the thing. I was looking, glancing... I noticed Victor. - You noticed Victor. - Mmm-hmm. In the shower, and he's naked. Victor's naked in the shower? Right. Anyway, he seemed to be having a kind of - man reaction. - A what? You know, reaction that a man person might have in the, you know, the naked part. Shower. Victor. Victor had an erection? - I prefer "man reaction." - Why? This is a problem. This can't happen. It shouldn't happen. When they're in their doll state, there's a limpness. Well, I warned about something like this. When? His last engagement was with Miss Lonely Hearts. So? That shouldn't matter. I mean, okay, it was a romantic engagement, but he was wiped. This is the eighth time he's had that exact imprint. I've cautioned against repeated imprints in the same dolls, haven't I? I don't know. You put it in one of those reports? - Of course. - Okay. Well, nobody reads those. - How many times has this happened? - I don't know. I wasn't looking for it. Well, now you're gonna have to. Let's start with the last three months of shower tapes. We're actually gonna sit down and look for the... Man reactions. This is Sister Emma. Hi. Sister Annabelle. - Hello. - Oh, this is lilya. - Hello. - Hello, lilya. It's a pleasure to meet you. - And what a handsome face. - Thank you. Lilya was with us at the Zion Ranch back in Texas. You were unhappy there. Things happened there that should not have happened. - Jonas led us out of that place. - He saved us. Esther, Jonas would like to see you. Hmm. Another female, approximately 29 years of age. Let's tag her Femme 8. Could be Andrea Parker from Florence, Texas. - You have some names? - Few. Been watching these people a long time. Any idea who our cry for help came from? Be nice to know who our ally on the inside is. Yeah, it would be, but we can't presume any allies. Damn it! What happened? We lose our signal? The signal's still there. I'm just not getting... What the hell? I'm going to ask you some questions, Esther, and I want you to be truthful with me, okay? Of course. You work for the government? What? The federal government, did they send you here? No. Of course not. And you're not with law enforcement of any kind? No. I want to believe you, Esther. I want to believe everything you say. It's a beautiful story. But the serpent also had a beautiful story, and the woman was deceived, and the man was corrupted, and they were forced to leave the garden. I don't understand. I do not come into this garden a pure being, Esther. I come into it the way Adam left. Broken. Corrupted. Impure. But those whom I shelter, they are not corrupted. They have not walked in the world the way I have. They have not seen the things that I have seen. And against this world, they are defenseless. So I will protect them. And any who seek to harm them, to foul this garden, shall fail. Lilya told me that you saved them. All who are here are blessed. Welcome to the Temple. Esther. She who was born for a time such as this. Welcome. He is a great man. Yes. - You getting this? - Oh, yeah. I'm getting it. That's an arsenal. - Paul? - Mellie. Hi. I hope I got here fast enough. You're not in a lot of pain, are you? Oh, here's your prescription. Also some leftover manicotti. Thank you. I really appreciate this. Oh, no big. I've been meaning to come down here, anyway. You've been meaning to come down to the Federal Building? Well, you know. Oh, some guy in the hall asked me to give you this. Some guy in the hall? Yeah. I was asking directions, and he heard me say your name. I'm right, aren't I? Both were written by the same person. - Give me a second. - And no postmark on either one. Mellie, describe again the man who gave this to you. Sure, he was maybe mid-20s, not overly tall. - Cute, brownish hair. - Did he have a cart? A cart? Yes, yes, there was a cart there. I remember that. - Was there mail on the cart? - Yeah, a lot of mail. Little Stevie from the mailroom. Short, cute, brown hair, too lazy to walk to your desk. Oh. That little bastard. Still, though, you're right, the handwriting's a match, so whoever sent you the photo sent this to you, too. Okay, hi, Mom. Are we done? Oh, and the girls of Sigma Tau. Sisters forever. Wow, the photograph didn't really do her justice, did it? Let's hope those venereal diseases make you all sterile, you snobby-ass pack of hos. This is real. I mean, this is who she was, just a girl. Just a girl with a potty mouth. Yeah, I probably should have... Someone wanted me to see this. Can you roll it back? Ditra and Meg, life without you will be meaningless and bleak, - my dormies. - Okay, well... I should probably get going. Okay, thanks again, Mellie. Let's hope those venereal diseases make you all sterile, you snobby-ass pack of hos. Let's roll that back, please. I believe I spotted a tumescence at 3:21:04. Tell me what you think. Yeah, it ain't oak, but it's on its way to wood. - Are we done? - Go to Wednesday, the 23rd, please. You know, I could burn these and you could just take them home. Go back. There. Mmm-hmm. - Wait, freeze that. - I will not. Of course. If it'd been a snake. Please pretend I didn't say that. Go back to 17:57:09. Can you zoom in to his face? Now jump to 24:25:14. Freeze. Well, I guess that rules out Miss Lonely Hearts. It's not residual imprinting, it's her. It's Sierra. What? It only happens when she's there, and it started not long after she arrived. She's the new element that's been introduced to his environment, the catalyst to his physical response. He likes her. Yeah. When we breach, forward team here. We need to secure that arsenal. You're going in now? Soon as my warrant comes through. Just waiting on the judge. Then I need to extract my associate. Sure. Why don't you go knock on the door, let them know we're coming? Are you nuts? Your girl stays put. - She's my eyes in there. - She's served that function. She's provided enough evidence for you to keep your case alive. Now I would like to do the same for her. In my judgment this action is premature. Your judgment? Look, I was told not to be too interested in where you and the girl really came from. No problem, I'm not. What I am interested in is putting Nate White, or Jonas Sparrow, or whatever he's calling himself this week, back where he belongs. For good this time. - You know this guy. - Yeah, I know him. No, you know him. Huh. You used to be a cop. Me, too. 12 years, Laughlin PD. Back then he wasn't calling it a church, and they were mostly underage girls. We put him away for what was supposed to be forever. Forever turned out to be just shy of two years. Some judge decided he didn't like the way we handled the evidence. So when this judge calls, I'm not waiting. This is Langton. I need your okay for a forced extraction. Echo... She's glitching on a government job. Damn it. Echo is fine. She has performed perfectly within parameters. - Then what's the problem? - Agent Lilly. He's about to release the hounds of hell on that compound. Echo's imprint will not have prepared her for this. - Do nothing. - What? - Lf you're worried about a glitch... - No extraction. Authorization denied. In our book, the story of Esther is the story of a woman. Her father died when she was still in her mother's womb. Her mother died in childbirth. What was so extraordinary about the Esther of the book was her unique vision. She could see things no one else could. This was the essence of the Esther of the book, her ability to penetrate secrets, to pierce the darkness, to find truths others could not. Our Esther, it seems, is no different. She says I appeared to her in a vision. All right. You all know me. You know that I make no special claim to revelation. I'm just a man, weaker than most, but my faith is not weak, and as I see this place and all of you through Esther's eyes, her amazing eyes, which see things no one else can, that faith is only strengthened. Brother Seth, would you bring our sister forward? Sister. Come. Esther Carpenter, are you prepared to forsake the world of men, to give yourself, your life, your fidelity, and your industry to your brothers and sisters of the Temple? I am. Return to the garden. A new beginning. Nobody move. The grounds were rigged. The floods got tripped, we're made. Copy that. Jonas? Seth. - I need you with me. - I'm with you, Jonas. Hold your positions. Do not breach. Maintain perimeter. Brother Seth, guard the window. What's going on? I don't understand. What's happening? Was this you? Did you bring them here? Who? I don't understand. Did you do this? Did you bring the wolves to our door? - Jonas, no, she's our sister. - Stop it. The truth this time, Sister. It's a miracle. I can see. We're blind. This is the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms. The compound is completely surrounded. For your own safety, come out with your hands in the air. This is worse than Zion Ranch. - Why does he have guns? - We have to trust him. Jonas. You must speak to them, to your people. They're afraid. Do you believe it, Seth? Do you believe in her? I don't know. I don't know what to believe. We took her into the dark, you put the light in her eyes. There was nothing, no physical reaction, no change. - How do you fake that? - And yet she sees. Esther. Those men outside, I know you didn't bring them. I know you were telling me the truth. They've come to destroy us, to raze the garden and to salt the Earth. Esther. Before, I looked into your eyes and I saw nothing, and so I believed. And I look into them now and I need to know, was this a miracle? I was blind, but now I see. Then you were brought here for this purpose, so that I might know what to do. And now I do. You've got no way at all to communicate with her? No, I really don't. So my inside man is worthless, is what you're telling me? She was never your inside man. Oh, so she's just another one of them. Fine, that's how she'll be treated. Look, you do have someone on the inside. Whoever sent up that cry for help. We should try to put a name to that, then at least maybe we can form a strategy. "We" are not going to do anything. You are not a part of this, not anymore. Oh, great. It is true. Below us is a cache of weapons Brother Seth and I have hidden there in the event that this day should ever come. I prayed it would not, but I always knew that it would. The darkness cannot abide the light. And yet I now believe that my prayers were answered. Esther was sent to us in advance of these men, a demonstration of God's power. So you will not take up arms. You will not have to. Come with me. We now take you to our affiliate, KPJK, with this breaking news. A religious cult known as the Children of the Temple. What's up? - This was the scene today... - Waco II. ...in Pleasant, Arizona... Maybe. ...where agents from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms surrounded this remote compound. The tensions here are high with the presence of the armed agents. The cult leader was seen moving from one building to another. He's wanted by federal authorities on unspecified charges. I didn't see who wrote the note. It could have been any one of them. There was a bit of a mishegaas going on up at the front of the store at the time. What kind of mishegaas? Well, Jesse Dillard. He's a mechanic across the way, there. He followed them in here and he tried to provoke a thing there. - Why? - Well... I mean, they are kind of odd, you know. But, you know, there's been a lot of rumors about what's going on up there at that compound. Now, I never believed any of them until I saw that note. Anyone check the security tape? Well, nothing was stolen and nobody asked. We think he's moved everyone into this outbuilding here. No, that's not where he's got the guns stored. Still, doesn't mean he can't get to them. There could be tunnels, underground access. If there are tunnels, why didn't he use them to move his people? Why herd them out in broad daylight? - Will you give us a moment, Carlos? - Yeah. Okay. You wanted to go in there and get your girl? I'm open to letting you do that. Under a couple of conditions. How about these conditions? You stay the hell out of my way and maybe I don't tell anyone it was you. You knew he sent his people into town once a month. You were waiting. You ginned up tempers, started rumors in the town, created a diversion, and then you wrote that note. That's how you got your warrant. Nobody ever asked to be saved. Not by you. You're witnessing the wonders of the most high, Brother Seth. Do not lose faith. Now go. Go. Esther? Can you read? Sight-read? It's been a long time. I was nine. Yes. Read that for us. "Then "Nebuchadnezzar ordered the furnace heated seven times hotter than normal "and commanded the strongest soldiers in his army to throw Shadrach, Meshach "and Abednego into the fiery furnace." We got movement on the grounds. They're coming out? Just one guy. Is he a black guy? "The furnace was so hot that the flames of the fire killed the soldiers "who took them up. "King Nebuchadnezzar leaped to his feet in amazement and asked his men, "'Weren't there three men that we tied up and threw into the fire?' "And the King's men replied, 'Certainly, O King.' "And the King said, 'Look! I see four men walking in the fire, "'unbound and unharmed, "'and the fourth looks like a son of the gods."' Amen. "Nebuchadnezzar then approached the opening "of the blazing furnace and shouted, 'Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego, "'servants of the most high God, come out!' "So Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego came out of the fire, "and the King saw that the fire had not harmed their bodies, "nor was a hair of their heads singed. "Their robes were not scorched and there was no smell of fire on them." We have witnessed more than one miracle these last days. Prepare yourselves for the next. No! No! No! I want to leave. Kris, Kris, wait! Everyone, wait. Lose your faith, and you will perish. Those flames can't hurt us. They'll protect us. Only the unrighteous will be consumed. It's okay. Come. Sit. Thank you. Fire seems to be contained to our target building. No. This might be a provocation. They might not even be in there. Trying to draw us out. All right. Fire gear. We move in. Same pattern. This is not a rescue operation, not yet. - We're still here to serve a warrant. - Yes, sir. That security consultant, Langton. I think he might have been working with Sparrow. - The security consultant? - Yeah, he may be our fire starter. If he's gone in there, we take him down. Jonas. Jonas, you have to let them leave here. You have to tell them to! Esther, where is your faith? This isn't right. You can't force a miracle. "And he saw that the flames did not harm their bodies, "nor was a hair of their heads singed, and there was no smell of fire upon them." These people are going to die from smoke inhalation before the flames... If that's what God wants. You pray. Let us pray. - Go! - Esther! What is wrong with you? You people are dying! - What have you done? - Start taking these people out of here! He swore to protect them! If he won't, we have to. Seth. The blind girl is looking you in the eye. Do you know what that means? It means God brought me here. He has a message for you. And that message is, "Move your ass!" Go! Come on! Lilya, we have to go. - Where will we go? - I don't know. But outside is life. In here, no. How can you doubt after God restored your sight? Lilya, I don't think God let me see again so I could just watch. Our home is gone. - You got him? - Yeah. Come on, lilya. Okay, go! Go! Come on! "And he commanded them to purge the evil from their midst." Our trouble ends here. Sparrow? We think he's still in there. Langton and the girl? I don't know. Pull your men back. I know you. How is that possible? It's not. I thought you were an angel. Of course we won't stop until we're sure we've found everyone, but the grim fact is we don't think there are any more survivors. Thank God. You the AIC? I was. Special Agent Ballard. FBI. FBI? Little late to the party. I see that. The people you took out of here, where are they? Being debriefed and then released. Where? Look, another agency has a problem how this went down, you can take it up with my superiors. - I'm not gonna hand you the knife. - What? No. I'm looking for this girl. She look familiar? She could be anybody. Look, unofficially, before you release these folks, just let me talk to them. I don't do things unofficially. Get a warrant. A place of safety, of untroubled certainty, of purity. This is the world we must maintain. It is imperative that nothing disturb the innocence of life here. Once any temptation is introduced, it will spread, like a cancer, and all will be infected. Victor must be scrubbed and monitored closely. So, tell me, Mr. Dominic. How was Arizona? I understand it's a dry heat. You requisitioned a company jet last night. Echo was glitching on a government job. I felt I should be on-site in case measures were called for. I see. As always, just trying to protect your interests. - I'm touched. - Lf I may... Echo has been exhibiting the same signs Alpha did before his composite event. Now, if you're not willing to send her to the Attic... Don't gamble on what I'd be willing to do, Mr. Dominic. Take the stairs. Hello, Echo. How are you feeling? Did I fall asleep? For a little while. Shall I go now? If you like. Echo? How's your vision? Can you see okay? I see perfectly. Corrected & Synced by Bakugan 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 