Dollhouse: Season 2, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dollhouse 
 s2e10 - The Attic - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dollhouse (2009–2010): Season 2, Episode 10 - The Attic - full transcript 
 We finally enter the mysterious Attic - the secret vault where the Dollhouse keeps damaged actives and problematic employees unconscious and in a perpetual state of terror. Adelle has had ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Welcome to the Attic. We're so glad to have you. She's expired already? She just arrived. Strange. This one seemed fit enough to be a lifer. So young and so fit. It's a shame, really. Victor and Sierra, where are they? We... We don't use Active codes here. We use your real names. My real name's Echo. It's okay. I'm right here. See? Look at me. I'm gonna get us out of here, okay? We gotta move now! There! Hey! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Back away from the glass! No, no! Behind you! No! No! Welcome to the Attic. We're so glad to have you. His EEG electro-activity readings are so slight, - it's probably just static in the bed sheets. - I see. I've tried homotopic and heterotopic stimulation. Haven't we all? You don't view this as a thrilling new project? - You should be bouncing off the walls. - I'm running out of options. Paul has extensive cortical scarring. That part of his brain is done, irreparable. If I'm going to try anything else, I need to install the Active architecture. And even then, there's no guarantee it'll take. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Well, I haven't spent all this time nurturing an asset just to throw it away. Get him stable enough to handle the architecture, and from there I'll consider what's next. Alpha mapped his entire brain. I'll try and piece it back together. Maybe not. I plan on making some changes around this house today. Perhaps his petulant personality is a good place to start. And we are in the market for a strapping new Victor, are we not? Is everybody in this house in a coma? Sorry. - No, by all means. Do you want a blankie? - I was waiting for you. Guess I dozed off. Haven't been getting much sleep lately. Stuff going on at home. - Wow. I thought you were here 24/7. - I was when I had reason to be. - What do we know about the Attic? - No one comes back, Boyd. But why? What do they do to them in there? We don't know. Experimenting, torture. I think they're testing the limits of the human mind. The brain is kept in a fear-induced, adrenaline-fueled overdrive state. Like a problem you can't solve. Either the nightmare lasts forever, or... Or it doesn't last at all. Hey! Wait. Don't be afraid. Well, that's new. The premotor cortex is, like, 15% functional. The posterior parietal cortex doesn't look as bad. Yeah, but the SMA's just scar tissue. And the M1's totally fried. Even with Active architecture, Paul won't be able to execute basic commands. It's like his brain is a football team and I've got this whole new set of brilliant plays, but it doesn't matter because the quarterback's in jail for dog fighting. Yeah. And it's not like his brain can run the Wildcat formation. That joke went under my head. Wildcat formation? The running back takes a direct snap from the center, the quarterback doesn't even touch the ball? It's a sports analogy. You started it. Wait. Don't shut up for a second. You might be onto something. Wildcat formation. Topher's world. Yeah. I got it. Adelle wants to see you. - Did she say why? - Does she ever? Hey, Darth Vader kills lieutenants, not stormtroopers. - Thanks. I'll be right back. - Cool. I love you, pretty horsy. I think we can all safely say that this isn't real. Dr. Saunders? - I don't think that's a smart idea. - Boyd, where am I? What am I doing here? Echo, you stir things up, you might bring the storm on yourself. - There are not a lot of good people here. - There aren't? What about my friends? Where are my friends? You have no friends. Now be quiet. Or I'll find something to stuff that mouth up. How are you feeling? Not exactly good as new. The headaches are getting worse. Everything's gonna be all right. Now that you're here. Thank God. And how are you doing, after Alpha? Well, I'm a ghost. You can't fight a ghost. This isn't right. This isn't right. This isn't real. What happened? Come on, Echo. Be your fricking best. What happened to you? What happened to you? DeWitt. There is only one place for a doll as irreparably damaged as you. The Attic. You're not real. That's real. That's very real. There you are. So it's you! You just can't stop trying to kill me! I'm not trying to kill you! It is! - What "it"? - Down! Of course you'd be in my nightmare. You were Rossum's rising star. No, I was a defect, and I'm pretty sure you're in my defective head. No. I'm in the Attic, trapped inside my own mind. - This is my mind! - Are we really arguing about this? I've accepted it. I chase Arcane, and I try to stop him from killing. The reality changes, but the enemy stays the same. - I'll never rest, and I'll never catch him. - That's pretty cool and all, and I don't want to ruin your whole Highlander vibe, but I'm pretty positive that this is my mind. - I think you just saved my life, for real. - What do you mean? That's the tree from one of my childhood homes, and those are my hateful relatives playing croquet, and that... That's a long story. - How is this possible? - I think you are real. I can feel it. I'm not making you up or remembering you. All of the minds in the Attic must be connected somehow. - Adelle finally put you in the Attic? - I could feel it with that monster, too. Arcane. That's what he calls himself. I was trapped inside the NSA. It felt like years. He came there to murder me. I fought back and I chased him out, and I've been chasing him ever since. - So you travel from mind to mind? - I guess so, yeah. I need to know how. I need to find my friends. Well, he'll probably go after them. He targets newcomers. He might even lead us right into their heads. How do you track him? How does he get in and out? He can sense fear. He finds something that you're deeply afraid of. This would be the much badder kind. Multiple minds thinking as one. ...you're absorbed, the individual ceases to exist. This would be the much badder kind. Multiple minds thinking as one. Once you're absorbed... - My worst nightmare. - That would be the point. Whoa, whoa. Hold on. We don't even know where he's going. We have to travel together. A stranger's mind's a big place. It's easy to get lost. Thank you. Oh! Good afternoon. How are you? Um... Lost? Hey, wildcat! Hey, I've been thinking about your theory, and it might work. Why not bypass the motor cortex? We can reprogram another part of the brain to serve its function, reprogram it to think it is the primary motor cortex and always has been. Obviously we can't use his medulla oblongata, but there are plenty of parts that'll work perfectly. We just have to decide what to sacrifice. Sarcasm. Already doesn't have that. Memories of high school, fear of dancing. What's up? How was your come to Jesus with DeWitt? What did she say? - Hey... - Don't speak to me. What did you say to Ivy? I merely prepared her for the possibility of taking over your position here. What? My position? What are you gonna do with me? I've done nothing wrong, apart from the things that got you your job back. You gave us extraordinary technology which will be used soon. The question is whether you have anything more to offer. Whether you can accept radical change, or if you'll buckle under pressure. I don't buckle. - Occasionally I swashbuckle. - Yes, you're quite a pirate hero, swinging in and dismembering Nolan Kinnard. If you try to keep secrets from the corporation, you may have every expectation of being chopped into pieces yourself. How do you imagine that would feel? Do you know a way out of here? I can't leave. I must stay and try to enjoy myself. Thank you. - Wouldn't want to end up in the Attic. - But this is the Attic. Rossum's been watching me closely since I moved here to Tokyo ningyo kaoku. Have you seen my friends? I thought I saw them, but I was imagining it. But I do think they're really in here. Well, I wouldn't worry. I'm sure they're enjoying themselves. I love you. I've always loved you. I know. We're cornered. Go! Go for cover! They got us pinned down pretty good, Sergeant. Any ideas? I think it's a small company trying to act big with this barrage. There's no air support. We should just hole up. We gotta take away the high ground. Lay down suppressive fire. Give me a window to flank from the left. Meyers, you're with me. What did you mean when you said Rossum was keeping an eye on you? In my recent transfer to Tokyo, I was asked to report any areas of weakness. I found that Rossum's mainframe was both fallible and vulnerable. - Vulnerable how? - Well, that's why I'm here, isn't it? Having that information made me a point of weakness. Rossum put me in here to eliminate that point of weakness. - Hey, but it's better than being in the Attic. - Not really. - We have to run. - I can't leave. I have to stay... - Please. ...and try to enjoy myself. - We have to go now... - But I can't leave until I'm done. - Stop doing that. - Sorry. It took me forever to find you. - Arcane is here. - I know. Listen. Not only are the people in the Attic connected, but all the Attics in different Dollhouses all over the world are connected. - This dude's hooked up in Japan. - You think? Oh, no. Now the meat won't be fresh. What happens when Arcane kills someone? Their world disappears. He's dead. His brain's shutting down. Then we're trapped in it. You've been dragging your heels a bit lately, Mr. Langton. Tardy even, spending more and more time out of the office. - I've been taking care of personal stuff. - Mmm. And this stuff, is it top secret? It's personal. - Are you still upset over Echo? - We all are. Yes, but you... You... You've always been like a father to her. And you took her away from me! Shelved her. My only goal was to protect that girl. You knew where she was heading. You encouraged her. You put her in that Attic as much as anyone else. Is that what you tell yourself? You didn't come to the Dollhouse because of Echo. You came because you had nowhere else to go. You work for Rossum, and that means your options tend to slim to three. Carry out Rossum's work without question, the Attic, or death. The moment you stepped into this house, you, in effect, gave us your life, and you must decide if that life is to be put to good use or laid to waste. I have seen the future, Mr. Langton, and it is not for the weak. I've been through this before. - Well, then what do we... - We gotta do the thing he fears most to get out of his mind. The thing he dreads. Enjoy myself. Good times. Lay down suppressive fire. Give me a window to flank from the left. Meyers, you're with me. - What are you doing? - It's not safe here! Reinforcements are pinned down south of Herat! There's no air support! Tony, Tony, don't be afraid. Take a breath. You're in the Attic. You're in the Attic, man. None of this is real. Okay, fine. Wait a minute. I know you. Echo. You need to stop being afraid. This is all in your mind. That explains a lot. - How long have we been in here? - Feels like years, but who knows? - And you? - Longer. - So this murderer... - He's called Arcane. Chasing's not gonna do it. We gotta take away the high ground. - Go on the offensive? - We can't anticipate where he's going. We trap him. Lure him in, pin him down. Kill him then and there. - We gotta hurry before he gets to Priya. - Priya's in here, too? You know, this is a scenario I never tried. Rigor mortis, the new Viagra. It's all in my mind. It's all in my mind. This isn't. There is no reason to be afraid. You sure about that? What have you done? Arcane? Well, Clyde, actually. So this is your mind, huh, Clyde? - This is your worst nightmare? - No. This isn't a nightmare. This is the shape of things to come. - Does that take away the fear? - And the pain, too, sometimes. That's what we're gonna do to Paul, you know. Take something away. Yeah. I heard. That's gonna make him more pissed off than he usually is. Not if I take away his anger. No. Anger will be all he has. That woman is gonna drag us straight to hell. You shouldn't have brought me here! It's too dangerous! - That was the idea. - Who are you? How did you do that? You people are aware? - Why do you call yourself Arcane? - It sounded badass. - All right. - No, no, please. If I die, there'll be nobody left to take down Rossum. That's my line. - You were trying to kill us! - It was a necessary evil. I was trying to take out Rossum's mainframe computer. Wait, we heard something about that. The mainframe is vulnerable. How do we take it out? Is it accessible from inside the Attic? Tell us how to destroy it! No, no, no, no. You don't understand. That's the problem. You, me, everybody in the Attic, we are the mainframe. What do you mean, "We are the mainframe"? We all have repeating worst-case scenarios, right? Problems we're continually trying to solve. Yeah, okay. Well, that's because the people in the Attic, our brains are being used as processors, human computers. - How is that even possible? - Well, it's more practical, really. The human brain is 20 times more powerful than the most massive multi-processing computer in the world. - Rossum has hundreds of them. - Hundreds? Well, many Attics, all networked to a central hub, our brains continually soaked with adrenaline from the fear, running on maximum, the processing power behind Rossum. And you're killing people. I'm trying to put them out of their misery, freeing them from an eternal hell. But mostly, I was trying to take out Rossum's number of CPUs to prevent this. How do you know this is true? Because it was my idea. - We need to hole up! Find someplace safe! - It's your head, genius! Let's go! In my scenario, I was constantly fighting myself, at war. I was trying to get home to my girl. In mine, I was constantly making love to you. Oh? And then you'd turn into the rotting corpse of a rapist I killed. Oh. Talk to us, Clyde. Talk! I'm one of the original founders of Rossum. One of two, actually. Me and my best mate at university. - I'd discovered ECC. - ECC? Encephalic communication and coding. He was the one that had a plan for it. I hadn't even begun to imagine all the possible applications for the technology. We thought we were making history. We weren't wrong. - How did you end up here? - It was the very beginning. Our first test subject was to be imprinted with my own personality. We both agreed it would be too dangerous to imprint a persona with my knowledge and ambition, so we slightly modified Clyde 2.0, we called him. Modified his persona to have no aspirations, so that he would just follow orders. - And your friend betrayed you? - Yes. Another possibility I hadn't imagined. He was the only one I trusted. He gave Clyde 2.0 the order to betray me. That's how the Attic was founded. They cleared my head out, hooked me up. I became a human computer. The first one in history, I suppose. - And you've been here ever since? - Yes. That was 1993. Oh! My nightmare, my loop, has been to run statistical probability scenarios for where the technology might lead. All but 3% of them include the end of civilization. - What year is it? - 2010, I think. We don't know how long we've been off the air. 2010? That's all? Then there's still time. - We might still be able to stop them! - That's our mission. Listen. The first thing they'll do is try to install an imprinted person in the government. Yeah, they did that. - They did? - They did? Then they're way ahead of most schedules. Your friend who betrayed you, what's his name? Who is this man? I don't even know if it is a man! That's the first thing they erased. I can't remember faces or names, not to mention the fact that Clyde 2.0's probably switched bodies by now. If we could eliminate that backstabber and the copy of me that does his or her bidding, - then we might be able to stop them. - But there's no way out of here, is there? No. There isn't. Believe me, I've tried. And even if we could find a way out, we'd just be putting a blank face to a name we don't even have. There has been talk amongst some of the security personnel that they place here. They mistakenly let a woman in. She saw them. She could identify them. But apparently they got to her, too. They scrubbed her clean. - So we still have no way of telling... - Caroline. - Yes! Caroline! That was it! - Wait. Echo, why does that sound familiar? That's me. I was Caroline before I became Echo. - Do you have any memories of... - Not hers. Not in here. Go! - We've got to find a way out of the Attic. - There is no way out. What if someone unplugs us from the outside? Our minds are engaged, integrated. Disconnection will fry the circuits, turn our brains to mush. I'm sorry. Echo! Echo, get down! - Wait. - What are you doing? I know a way out. He's not gonna take this well. What's happening? It didn't work? - His brain is completely reorganizing. - It'll take a minute to adjust. Paul? Wait, wait! No! No, no, no, no. Hey. What the hell? What the hell did you do to me? You were in a coma, Paul. Alpha damaged your brain. We did it to save your life. Did what? You made me a doll? Active architecture was the only way to save you. - Then why do I feel like myself? - You are, but it's an imprint. - I'm sorry. It was an order. - And we need you, Paul. - We don't have many friends left. - What do you mean? Echo, Sierra, Victor, they're in the Attic. Wait. This should be interesting. At some point, he's gonna figure out what we took away from him. I know. I'm not afraid to lose my life taking you down. I don't want to die. Then only one of us is going to be disappointed. Any last words? - Oh, my God. - No, Echo. Listen. My worst-case scenario, my loop, was getting out of the Attic, the place where our bodies are hooked up. I think I can unplug. Won't her brain turn to mush? No. When a person flatlines, the computer disengages. That's right, it would. To avoid any corrupted data. If I can flatline and manage to wake up, then I can get out of here and send help. Your plan is to come back from the dead? Then you'll be there to revive us, when we flatline. - Whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait a minute. - No, no. I can't risk you, too. I'm not normal, so I think I can do this. I've been through worse. - And we haven't? - No, Priya, please. The only way the scenario worked was if I didn't have to fight for you two. Then we'll fight for ourselves. You don't have to look after us anymore. You've been inside our minds. You know we're just as abnormal and just as ready as you. We're a team now. We go together. We go together. - Are you in? - I'm staying. I want out, but there are hundreds of people being tortured here. Rossum's feeding off it. I gotta help them. Clyde? Well, my body's halfway across the country anyway. Yeah. We'll teach them to be aware, face their fear. Might even be fun. That'd be nice. If you succeed and you can get a signal to me, we'll shut down the mainframe. I guess I'm glad I never did kill you. Don't get sloppy. Here goes everything. No I don't remember What brought us to this What places we blindly passed What turns we missed When things really mattered And we really cared When simply being was easy Just having you there The life I knew by heart And lived everyday The secret codes and signs You and I, and eye to eye Wake me up, hurt me, you have to I forgot how to cry Remind me of who I used to be Back when Nothing could come between us then That thought would never leave us So remind me of how I used to feel Remind me of who I used to be Back when Nothing could come between us then That thought would never leave us We got it. The information we were looking for. Maybe more. I understand the mainframe, and I know how to get at the heart of Rossum, or at least someone who will. Your plan worked. Thank you. There is only one place for a doll as irreparably damaged as you. The Attic. They say it's whatever hell you imagine, but I think it's something far worse. I think the Attic is where Rossum is keeping some of its darkest secrets. They are rabid in their protection of whatever's in there. - And you want me to go in? - I need you to go in. But far more importantly, I need you to come back and bring the secrets with you. It's the only way we'll ever get an edge. - We? - We can bring them down. Nobody's ever gotten out of the Attic. Nobody else is you. And everyone else? I think I've impressed upon them the dangers we'll be facing. - We're ready. - No. We're one soldier shy. It's time for me to meet Caroline. It's time to win her war. English - US - SDH Ripped by stlc8tr 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 