ThunderCats Roar: Season 1, Episode 22 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 ThunderCats Roar 
 s1e22 - Safari Joe - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 ThunderCats Roar (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 22 - Safari Joe - full transcript 
 While minding her own business, Cheetara is caught in a trap set by Safari Joe, the famously annoying hunter. After escaping, she rallies the other ThunderCats to help her stop Joe once and for all, by turning the tables and capturing him. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - ♪ Their planet exploded - ♪ Thunder ThunderCats! ♪ - ♪ They crashed on Third Earth ♪ - ♪ Thunder, thunder crash! - ♪ Gotta beat up some bad guys ♪ - ♪ Mummies, mutants - ♪ And make some new friends - ♪ Unicorns, robots ♪ Built a big base with a cat-shaped face and now they're ready to go! ♪ ♪ There's WilyKit, WilyKat, Tygra, Panthro, Cheetara, Snarf, Lion-O! ♪ ♪ He's a brand-new Lord with a magic sword! ♪ ♪ It's Thunder, thunder, thunder ThunderCats Roar! ♪ *THUDERCATS ROAR* Season 01 Episode 22 Episode Title: "Safari Joe" Aired on: May 02, 2020 Whoa. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What's up, Jency? It's your girl, Cheetara, coming at you with another speed run. Hope you enjoy today's show. Oh, Berbil Belle, come quick. Cheetara is live-streaming. Gather around, young ones. Mayor Cheetara has much to teach us. Oh, Cheetara thinks she's so great, but she's totally not. Ah, you know, you don't have to watch her videos. But then what will I complain about? Today, I'm taking it kinda easy. Only gonna circle the planet three or four times. No big... Whoa! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What in the... Huh? Safari Joe does it again! - ...hardly breathe. - No, no, no, no. Cheetara is mad about something. Quick, everyone. We can hide in the Thunder... Get the weapons. Cheetara, maybe you just wanna calm down and tell us... I said weapons! - Bigger. - Thunder. - Bigger! - Thunder? Bigger! Um, Thunder. Bu... But these are the biggest weapons we have. Then make bigger ones. There's a bad guy out there that we need to destroy. Who, the Mutants? Mumm-Ra? This guy is worse than every villain we've ever fought times a billion. He's some weird safari man. Wait. You mean Safari Joe? Cheetara, there's nothing we can do about Safari Joe. But he caught me in a trap and he did it while I was live-streaming. I probably lost all my followers. Getting caught in that trap just made Cheetara seem more relatable. We love her ever more, now. I'm humiliated. Welcome to the club. Safari Joe has been capturing us in those dang traps since day one here. Wow, those Berbils sure know how to build a lair. Looking good, big guy. - What in the... - Safari Joe does it again. Safari Joe does it again. Come on, Gwen. I know where we can get moisturizer for those... Safari Joe does it again! Oh, hey, Bat Thing, where's the nearest mini-mart? Lion Man, Safari Joe does it again. How did I not know about this? I guess you were too fast for his traps, until now. Well, I'm not just gonna take this. Safari Joe's next safari will be into a world of pain. Um, okay, a little intense. Also, it's fine. He catches us in these traps, he runs away and we escape. No big deal. You just have to learn to live with him. No, this may have been fine when it was happening to people who weren't me, but now it's happening to someone who is me, and it's the biggest problem ever. You know what? I'm in. I'm sick of that big, bald cage-dropping bully. But we've tried to stop him before. Nothing works. He's in Cheetara's crosshairs, now, and she does not let a grudge die. Yeah, Cheetara will know what to do. What's the plan? I'll tell you the plan. We're gonna beat Safari Joe at his own game. We are gonna capture him... ...and then launch him into space! That might be going a big overboard. Fine. We'll just do the first part. A trap, hey? I don't think so. Heads-up, Kitty Man. Oh, no, no, no, no. - Safari Joe does it again! - Toots. Looks like it's time for some bad weather. Blimey, a tornado. Well, you know what they say about butterflies. Chaos theory, baby! What? Whoa! Safari Joe does it again! - Yeah! - Safari Joe does it again! Safari Joe does it again. Safari Joe does it again. Safari Joe does it again! He may have bested everyone else, but nobody outsmarts Panthro. Let's see you get out of this one. Safari Joe does it again! Safari Joe does it again. I can hear it when I close my eyes. ♪ Sa, Sa, Sa... Safari Joe Does it again ♪ ♪ Sa, Sa, Sa... Safari Joe Does it again ♪ You have to admit. If you head him in the club, you would dance. No one is dancing unless it's on Safari Joe's grave! Sorry, sorry, too much. That was too much. - But we are not giving up! - Uh, yeah, we are. At least before Safari Joe had to work to catch us. Now, we're setting his traps for him. Face it, Cheetara, he's too good. We're never gonna take him down. Anyone can be taken down. You just need the right ammo. His home address! We're gonna go there and ambush him. We're gonna break into his house? That feels like crossing a line. You mean, like, when he crossed through all your "oh-so-ingenious" traps and outsmarted you? Let's go bust down Safari Joe's door - and show him who runs Third Earth. - Yeah. Yeah, maybe we should think this... No time. Let's go. Get ready, guys. Safari Joe probably lives in some big, scary hunter's mansion full of guard dogs and booby traps and... Uh, I think the only traps in this place are the leases. Coast is clear. Wow, he's got, like, no furniture. Except this. Is that a bed or a couch? Actually, WilyKat, that's a futon, and it's bad at being both things. This is real sad. Don't go soft. Look at this. He's building some kind of ultimate trap. The Safari Sphere. What kind of sick... Uh-oh. He's home. Everyone, hide. Safari Joe... Is lonely again. Joe. Joe. Well, I guess we're just watching a grown man cry, now. But it's okay. Everyone will want to be my friend when I build the Safari Sphere. Third Earth's first habitat for all its endangered species. Oh, who am I kidding? Safari Joe is dreaming again. I thought practicing my capturing on the ThunderCats would help, but, I guess, I'll just go home to Space-Stralia a giant failure. Habitat for endangered species? I think Safari Joe is a good guy. Cheetara, I know you wanted to destroy Safari Joe, but I think he already destroyed himself. We gotta help him. What? The ThunderCats? What are you doing here? I'll tell you what we're doing here, Safari Joe. We wanted you to stop capturing us, but I think we just figured out how to do it. By making all your dreams come true. - What? - That's right. The Safari Sphere is a really cool idea. We'll help you make it happen, and then you'll stop trying to catch us. You've... you've got yourself a deal. - Aw! - Fine, I guess. But building that Safari Sphere is gonna take months. No, it won't. The Berbils will do it in, like, half a day. All done. Yay! I hereby declare the Safari Sphere... Open. Of course, none of this would be possible without my good friends, the ThunderCats. So, it's only right that they get the first tour. What an honor. Whoa! Watch your step now. Careful. There's a special place for every creature imaginable in this sphere. Over there is our river, and over there is an exact recreation of tree canopies in the Jungle of Silence. See? We helped Safari Joe and he really turned his life around. Yeah, yeah. And now for the grand finale of our tour. Introducing the first official inhabitants of the Safari Sphere, the ThunderCats. Safari Joe does it again! Was this whole dome... Another trap. Yep. But this one is one you'll never escape. No. Safari Joe, how could you do this? How could you lock yourself in this trap? Me? Trapped? I think you got a bad read of the situation here, Sheila. You're the ones in the traps. No, you're in the trap. We are in the escape pods. The escape pods? Wha... What? Bye-bye, Safari Joe. Wait. No, no. No, no, no, no. Not Safari Joe! Farewell, Safari Joe. Ha, I told you I'd launch him into space. Bam! When did you add rockets to the Safari Sphere? I changed the blueprints when you weren't looking. So, you knew Safari Joe was planning a trap all along? I don't know. Maybe. But what if he hadn't tried to trap us? Would you have still sent him into space? I guess so. The important thing is, we've all learned a valuable lesson. Don't mess with Cheetara! And don't you forget it, Cheetara fans. Now, I'm gonna go do a make-up tutorial. I'll show you how to get those Cheetara spots - in six simple steps. - But... - But... - Don't worry, Tygra. I bet she sent Safari Joe home safe and sound to Space-Stralia. In fact, he's probably there right now. Those mangy ThunderCats. They messed with the wrong Safari... Sync corrections by srjanapala Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 