Inside the American Mob: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Inside the American Mob 
 s1e6 - End Game - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Inside the American Mob (2013–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - End Game - full transcript 
 It is 1993, and the American mob has reached a low point. Enter the newly Bath Avenue crew, who ushers in a violent new day in the life of Cosa Nostra, and the bloodshed gets out of hand. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Jimmy Calandra: I'm from Brooklyn, New York, Bensonhurst. The neighborhood is run by the Italian mafia. One day, April 4th, my friend John Polio was murdered. The kid Michael Hamster was taking credit for his murder. It goes around in the neighborhood, this kid's bragging that he killed John Polio, you know, so I wanted some payback. I go to Joey Calco and Pauly Gulino. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And Pauly G. gave us a 380, me and Joey, and we go hunt for Michael Hamster. We see him get into Bobby DeCicco's car. We follow him. He stops at a red light on 17th Avenue and Benson. He rolls down the window 'cause he thinks he's a tough guy and all of a sudden Joey puts out the pistol, and he starts unloading on him, pop-pop-pop-pop-pop-pop. The kid, Michael Hamster, is jumping one leg across the street like hopping. The kid Joey Calco with the shotgun boom 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 hits him and he falls. Joey hands me the gun. I put it down my pants. Joey takes off. As we're driving, there's a cop car. This is a true story. Therefore, he pulls us over. Now, we're a little nervous. I got a gun down my pants, you know, we just shot this kid 5 times and all of a sudden on the cop's radio we hear, "Man shot, 17th and Benson." Police Radio: All units report. Jimmy Calandra: The cop goes like this, "Today's your lucky day." And he just takes off. Phew. He had us right there. Narrator: It is 1992 and  most of the old bosses of the five families of  Cosa Nostra are in prison. Fearing life sentences and  payback from their own side, gangsters everywhere  start cooperating with the United  States government. Sammy Gravano: As part of my cooperation, I told the government about my life of crimes, including the fact that I participated in 19 murders. Narrator: Which leads  to the take down of the most famous boss of  modern times, John Gotti. But the remnants of  the five families remain loose on  the streets, trying to  rebuild on the ashes, and none is more  determined and dangerous than the  Bonanno family, which begins their ascent  below law enforcement's radar. These people are witnesses  to that secret history, stepping out of  the shadows to tell their  story first-hand. A few remain concealed  for personal safety, fearful of an  organization that even in the 1990s is fully capable  of resurrecting itself, like the Bonanno's. Jim Walden: I think it's fair to say that 2 events brought the Bonanno family to the edge of extinction. First obviously its boss was murdered, Carmine Galante, famous image of him lying dead with a cigar still in his mouth. But at the same time there was the Donnie Brasco infiltration and subsequent prosecution. Agent Pistone: This operation really kicked the Bonanno's in the arse. We kind of really decimated them. Mitra Hormozi: That was a huge blight on the Bonanno organized crime family. As a result they were kicked off the commission. It was a major embarrassment. Narrator: The commission  is the board of executives that oversees the  five families of the mob: Gambino, Colombo, Lucchese,  Genovese and Bonanno. They call the shots  determining who lives and who dies. Ironically, the Bonanno  family's expulsion from the commission turns  out to be their big break. Agent Pistone: The FBI and other law enforcement agencies moved on to other cases so they didn't really keep a clamp on the guys that were left in the family. Jim Walden: Their headlines were about the Gambino's and about the Lucchese's, and about the Genovese family, and the internal war in Colombo family. Edward McDonald: You know, Gotti's gone, Castellano's gone. And the Colombo family, they're having a Colombo family war. The Genovese family: Fat Tony is gone, he's been convicted. The Lucchese family is in total disarray. Chin Gigante is on the run, he's been indicted or about to be indicted. Jim Walden: These different problems within these families allowed the Bonanno's to continue to exist to keep a lot of its turf, and for a period of time to fly low on the radar to give it a chance to rebuild its infrastructure, and that's exactly what they did. Narrator: While  Bonanno boss Joe Massino is in prison serving  6 years for racketeering, his subordinate, old  school gangster Anthony Spero, takes over  daily operations. Spero is one of the last  major mob figures still on the street, and  a believer in traditional mafia values of  secrecy, respect and murder. Jim Walden: He had strong connections with the other families, and he had the respect of lower level members. Detective Dades: He was a gentleman to law enforcement, and he was very well respected, you know, in the neighborhood. Jim Walden: He was known to host an extravagant fireworks show every year for members of the community. Detective Dades: But he was a lethal guy and he would kill you. Jim Walden: He was a bit of an eccentric guy though. Anthony Spero: Come on baby, come on. Detective Dades: He was very big into pigeon races and pigeon coops and whatever you do with pigeons. Jim Walden: They would fly in a big sweeping flock around the neighborhood and ultimately come right back home. Jimmy Calandra: He was going like this, voof, and all the pigeons are following him, you see them flying. Jim Walden: And if you think about it, it's almost a metaphor for Spero's criminal organization, where he's releasing not pigeons but villains, murderers, thugs, out on the streets, all for them to make money and to bring it back to him. Narrator: Spero  excels at taking children off the streets  of his neighborhood and grooming them for  a life of crime and violence. Kids like  Jimmy Calandra, who grows up in the  Bensonhurst neighborhood of Brooklyn in  the 1980s at a time when the mafia is  fighting for its life against law enforcement  but still has the power and glamour to make a big  impression on little boys. Calandra and his best  friends are nothing but kids when they  start their journey into the underworld. Jimmy Calandra: The core group of my friends was Pauly Gulino, Tommy Reynolds, Joey Calco, me, and Fabrizio DeFrancisci. We were troubled kids in the neighborhood, we were bad kids. You know, we decided to form a crew. Jim Walden: They got tattoos on their ankles to label themselves number 1 through number 7. Jimmy Calandra: We were making a pact with each other. You know, we were all in the same crew together, you know. One for all, all for one. Narrator: The boys of  Bath Avenue have each other's backs in a Brooklyn  neighborhood steeped in the code  of Cosa Nostra. All five families  have a foothold here. Jimmy Calandra: Bath Avenue was a known avenue for mob-related activity. Detective Dades: Bath Avenue was filled with social clubs, you know. There was three on the block. You knew who were the guys that were connected, who were the guys that were up and coming. Jimmy Calandra: You know, I was a young kid growing up around wise guys. The guys making the money, you know every time they see us, here, here's 20, you know. As soon as I leave my house, I got 20 dollars. I go to the corner, I hang out, you know? What do I got to work for? We had Nick's Candy Store right around the corner from my apartment. That's where we would all come together. Detective Dades: You know, there was a group of guys on every other block, no matter what time, day and night, there was always somebody there. That corner was home base. Jimmy Calandra: And we would do errands for them. They would give us a couple dollars, "Here, go up the block and get me two French bread." Say they need someone's window broke, thrown us the keys, "Go wash my car," whatever the case may be. You knew they controlled the neighborhood, you know, with their walk and talks. In the neighborhood, you know who was who. You know, these were the guys that I looked up to. Jim Walden: Imagine that you are an eight-year-old boy in a working class neighborhood in Brooklyn. Most of the men and women that you know are struggling to make ends meet, they're working their fingers to the bone but what you see down the street at the social club are Cadillac's pulling up and men dressed in $500 suits getting in and out of the Cadillac's. Jimmy Calandra: These men were my father figures. You know, if I needed anything they just helped me. If we had a problem, we knew where to go. Jim Walden: These kids really did start as kids. Some of them were 8 or 9 years old when they first started running numbers at the social clubs. Detective Dades: Social clubs were really big. Gambling parlors, you know, were really big. They were bookmakers and if you tried to use the payphone on a Sunday they'd cut your hands off. Jimmy Calandra: We'd do straight bets, we'd do parlays; we were gambling every football game, Sundays, everything. I was loaning out money. I was a little kid. I was maybe 13 years old. We thought we were somebody, you know, and we were looking up to these guys and we actually thought we were doing something. Jim Walden: 8 or 9 they're running numbers, 12, 13, 14 they're parking cars and hiding weapons and moving money, and they move up the ranks to do more violent and more profitable things. Narrator: As the  Bath Avenue boys grow up what starts with  trips to the bakery ends in crime and violence. Jimmy Calandra: As we got older, we just got more dangerous. You know, so instead of boys, now we're just a crew. Narrator: It's now the 80s,  the era of crack cocaine, a drug that ignites  rampant street violence in New York City and the  Bath Avenue Crew fits right in. Fat Sal: The Bath Avenue Crew, they would smoke drugs, rob drug dealers, and then they got into the drug business, started extorting drug dealers. Jimmy Calandra: We were doing bookmaking, we had the cocaine business on beepers, we had the pot business. We were stealing cars. I was doing banks, I was doing burglaries. Detective Dades: They're out there earning because being a good earner is a way to get in good graces, you know, by sending money up the ladder, getting some respect from some of the wise guys. Jim Walden: So the Bath Avenue Crew was embraced by the Bonanno family as associates because they were good at their jobs. And the job of an associate is to earn money and to engage in violent acts when they're needed, and this group really excelled at both. Detective Dades: They were a gruesome bunch of guys. Jim Walden: Fabrizio Defrancisci, one of the most ruthless enforcers the group had. He took a blowtorch and literally tortured one crack dealer who was using product on the street. Tommy Reynolds, out of anger, picked up a fork and jabbed it in someone's eye. That's how violent these guys were. Fat Sal: They killed a lot of innocent people; they committed a double homicide for I think an eight ball of cocaine. Jim Walden: They were doing exactly what associates had been doing, maybe more violently, but doing for many, many years. Jimmy Calandra: We're Spero's muscle. And when Spero needs something done, we are at his disposal. Narrator: The acting  boss of the Bonanno family soon puts them to work. Jim Walden: Spero had a daughter in the neighborhood. One day there was a drug addict named Vincent Bickelman. He broke into her house and stole a necklace. Jimmy Calandra: After he stole it, he went to somewhere on 86th street to sell it. It had Jill's name on the necklace, it said, "Jill," and it got back to Spero. He broke into a Bonanno boss's daughter's house. Jim Walden: Spero went to Gulino to pass the order to kill Bickelman and of course, Gulino saw this as his opportunity to get inducted into the Bonanno family. Detective Dades: Pauly Gulino was the leader of that group. Vicious guy. Jimmy Calandra: He didn't give a (bleep). He wasn't afraid of nobody, he was a ballsy kid he was a tough kid, and a lot of wise guys were afraid of him. So when a thief  inadvertently robs the daughter of  Bonanno family crime boss, Anthony Spero, the Bath  Avenue boys get the call. Jimmy Calandra: It was a big opportunity for us. This was a very, very important piece of work to do for Anthony Spero because this was gonna get Pauly Gulino recognized and hopefully become a made member in the family. Agent Pistone: You know, there are certain rules to become a made guy and one of them is you have to earn your button, you have to kill somebody. Jimmy Calandra: One day Pauly Gulino's driving around, he saw the kid and he runs up on the kid, Vincent Bickelman, right around the corner from the police station, right off the corner, he jumped out and he just shot the kid 5 times. That's it, drop. We all went to the bar, Pauly told all of us what happened, we celebrated, we were drinking, are you kidding we had a great (bleep) time. Narrator: The  Bickelman murder cements the Bath Avenue  Crew's reputation. It tells everyone on  the street there's a new gang in town,  guys who are on their way to becoming made  men in the Bonanno family. Detective Dades: They want people to know that they just killed this guy because you're recognized now by made guys, by captains, that you're capable of doing things like that. Jimmy Calandra: We ain't kids no more. You know, we're looking to you know move up to the next level. Narrator: The members  of the Bath Avenue Crew want to join the Bonanno  family at a crucial moment: just as Joe Massino, the family boss,  gets released from prison after serving six  years for racketeering. Edward McDonald: So Joe Massino gets out of prison and all the other bosses have been convicted. They're replaced by underlings, people who were not that significant. So Joe comes out and he is someone who is revered. He is like the last don, the one well-respected boss. Agent Devecchio: Unlike a lot of organized crime members, Massino was very friendly. Very affable. Mitra Hormozi: Very jovial, beloved by members of his family. Agent Sallet: He worked with John Gotti, they were close friends and close confidants in truck hijacking. Narrator: He's also  one more made guy with a violent past,  routinely ordering associates like Sal Polisi  to use their muscle. Sal Polisi: The Bonanno family had a case running, and Joe Massino who later became the boss, called Foxy and I said, "Look, you gotta do us a favor. There's a witness you gotta go, you gotta go beat this guy up. I want you to break his arms and legs to give a message, give a beating so that he wouldn't testify." So we beat this guy up with bats, broke his arms and legs, only to find out he was the wrong guy, he was the father. And then when Massino called us in for a meeting he said, "Look, you beat up the wrong guy, but it's okay. The witness disappeared anyway." Narrator: But  Massino doesn't just subcontract  his killing, he's done it himself. His claim to fame is  as one of the shooters in the Three Capos Murder,  an infamous gangland massacre from the early 1980's. Agent Pistone: Three captains wanted to take over the family: Sonny Red Indelicato, Phil Lucky Giaccone, and Dominick Trinchera. Mitra Hormozi: Massino goes to the commission, he then gets permission to go ahead and kill the three captains. Narrator: But when  Massino gets out of prison in 1992 after six years,  he's faced with a new reality. He needs to  keep a low profile. He recognizes the  mistakes of other bosses like John Gotti and  Joe Colombo who spent too much time in public  or got caught on tape by electronic  listening devices. So Massino reforms the  Bonanno family starting with his own extreme  variation on that tried and true  code of silence. Mitra Hormozi: No one is allowed to say his name. Instead, he says anyone who wants to refer to the boss must just use the visual hand to the ear. Edward McDonald: Just like Chin Gigante in the Genovese family, you had to touch your chin, well Joey was gonna be called the ear. Mitra Hormozi: Also, he did not go to weddings and funerals where people would be photographed. Agent Sallet: He doesn't use a cell phone, he doesn't use a pager, he doesn't use his home phone. Narrator: He also  takes the extreme measure of ending a  decades old tradition, closing down the  places that were once the hub of all mob  activity: social clubs. Agent Devecchio: For many, many years I'm sure they thought they were invincible in social clubs, but we managed to bug a number of social clubs and overheard a lot of incriminating information. Agent Sallet: Joe Massino learned what he should and should not do. Narrator: At  the same time, he encourages a  major new front in the way the  mob earns money: Wall Street. Agent Barrows: 90s brought a tremendous bull market, enormous amounts of money and some loose regulations. Everybody wanted to be in the market, everybody was making money who was in the market. So it was really a perfect and fertile ground for organized crime. Narrator: By 1993,  Bonanno family boss, Joe Massino, is the last of his kind,  an old school Godfather who believes in the  code of silence and secrecy characterizing the  Golden Age of the American mob. But he's also an innovator  when it comes to earning, seizing new  opportunities not in Bensonhurst  but on Wall Street. Edward McDonald: By the time Joe got out of prison the heady days of labor racketeering were pretty much coming to an end. So the big, big money that the mafia was making through labor racketeering was really just not available anymore and they began to move towards Wall Street. Agent Barrows: In the 90s, it was certainly a bull market. There were tons of new companies, the internet was sort of new and burgeoning at the time and certainly where there's a lot of easy money to be made you can be rest assured that the mob's gonna be there to make it. Narrator: Legitimate  stockbrokers must follow the rules of the Securities  and Exchange Commission, but not Joe Massino  and the Bonanno family. Fraud is the  key to their success. Agent Barrows: The underbelly of Wall Street is where the mob operates. That's where the boiler rooms come in. These boiler rooms are filled with very young kids, unsophisticated kids, who have one task and that is to sell stock and to say whatever it is they need to say, follow whatever script they have in front of them to make sure they accomplish that task. Most of the boiler rooms look like New Year's Eve party had been thrown the night before, often scantily clad women walking around, stacks of papers, cigarettes, alcohol. Looks nothing like you'd imagine that a brokerage house looks like. Narrator: The game is  called "Pump and Dump," and it works like this:  mobbed up traders acquire large blocks of stocks  worth 5 dollars or less. By controlling supply,  they increase demand, artificially  inflating the stock's price. Then they sell those  stocks to unsuspecting investors for much  more than the original value, in turn earning  an enormous profit. Agent Barrows: The mob makes sure things stay in order and if they don't successfully do their job, they're going to get a beating. Sal Polisi: Violence, threats, extortion, blackmail; the mob was a master at bullying. Salmieri: The fear of the violence is what keeps everybody in line. Agent Barrows: They make sure those boiler room kids keep that stock put away. They sell it and they don't let it get sold back to the market. Agent Barrows: It's paid in cash and it's undisclosed. There's no paper trail, nobody knows about it. Get a bag of cash on Friday. Narrator: The  cash is divvied up, some going into  the brokers pocket, the rest  going to the bosses. Raking in the cash  for Joe Massino of the Bonanno family is  this guy, Robert Lino. Agent Barrows: Lino was the muscle at the higher level. He was the Capo. He was the one who represented them in sit-downs. He was the one who essentially ran a investment firm in lower Manhattan called DMN Capital, which was under the auspices of the Bonanno family. Narrator: To rat out the  Bonanno family's corruption on Wall Street,  Agent Kevin Barrows needs to get  inside DMN Capital. Agent Barrows: It was too risky in this day and age to have an agent try to go undercover, because you had to know somebody. It wasn't the days of, you know, Joe Pistone, where it was somewhat easier to infiltrate. My partner and I began to really develop a lot of co-operating witnesses. Narrator: But not just  any cooperating witness. His informant  works as a mole inside the mob's boiler rooms. With his help,  Operation Uptick is born. Agent Barrows: The goal of an informant is always to get the next person up in the chain. As we always say, "We gotta eat our way up the chain and get to the top." Narrator: The Feds want  Bonanno Boss Joe Massino, but before they can reach  the top of that food chain, FBI agents must  snare a smaller fish and catch Bonanno Capo  Robert Lino on tape first. So they send their DMN  informant to work wearing a wire and the  stakes couldn't be higher. If discovered, they'll  almost certainly be killed. Robert Lino: [on tape] You better get my (bleep) money and Louis, I better have it soon. I am going to put the word out with everybody I know, everybody, you are done. You understand me, you rotten (bleep)! Agent Barrows: There were times when we had him wired up and ready to go and found out somebody was coming, and we'd take the wire off seconds before he walked in. Simply because Robert Lino was a very tough, very violent guy. But my partner and I were extraordinarily successful at getting people to cooperate and we just kept getting more and more cooperators who gave us more and more information about more and more people, who, which led to more and more indictments. Narrator:  Operation Uptick grows, putting increasing  numbers of mobsters in the FBI's crosshairs,  including Robert Lino. Man: In the largest federal arrest operation ever in the New York City metropolitan area, more than 600 FBI agents began arresting 120 defendants as a result of a 10-month investigation code-named: Uptick. Agent Barrows: It really awakened the public and it awakened regulators. Narrator: But Joe Massino  knows how to play the system like an old school boss,  and his anti-surveillance techniques pay off. He's never caught  on tape and gets away clean in  Operation Uptick. While the Bonanno  family tries its hand at white-collar  crime in Manhattan, back in Brooklyn the old  friendships on Bath Avenue are about  to disintegrate, starting with this  guy, Tommy Reynolds. Fat Sal: With Tommy Reynolds, he's a cracked-out maniac. Smoking crack, kill you for a $100 piece of crack. Narrator: Reynolds and  fellow Bath Avenue member, Jimmy Calandra,  join a third guy, a street thug  named Chris Ludwigsen, on a heist that is  supposed to be an easy score. Jimmy Calandra: He notified me, he says, "Jimmy, I got this score with this guy, big money in his house, safe in his house in his basement." The money Chris was talking about, you know, he said it was close to a million dollars. Detective Dades: There's just gonna be a guy at home, it's an easy score. Jimmy Calandra: I said, "Okay, sounds good." So I brought Reynolds with me because Reynolds was always my guy to do scores with. Jim Walden: And at the time, Tommy Reynolds was one of the key people who was organizing the crack distribution ring and he started using some of the product himself. Jimmy Calandra: No one else was supposed to be in this house. Only this guy was supposed to be there. So we all get out, Chris waits in the car. I knock on the door. All of a sudden, I see this woman. I hear "boom." The lady goes flying across the room. Jim Walden: Reynolds in his crack stupor accidentally pulled the trigger to the gun and shot her in the head in front of her then 9-year-old daughter. Jimmy Calandra: I went there to go rob a safe and Tommy Reynolds ends up shooting the lady by accident. I said, "What the (bleep) did I just get myself involved in?" I was so ashamed of it. I mean it's one thing, you know, killing someone from the street but you're killing an innocent woman. It was like so (bleep) hard for me to live with. Detective Dades: Jimmy lived with that, I know, I know that still affects him to this, to this day. Jim Walden: As it turned out, there was no safe in the house at all, and they had just gotten bad information. Narrator: The violence is  starting to get out of hand even for a rough  crew like Bath Avenue. A bloody battle over  turf and bragging rights is about to start  and no one can imagine where it will end. Jim Walden: The Bath Avenue Crew, given the violence of its members, had more pride, ego, than just about anyone else. But there was a rival in the area. A group on 20th Avenue was extraordinarily violent as well. Turf is an issue and pride is an issue. Jimmy Calandra: They had a little crew that grew up just like us. They lost some of their friends; they retaliated at the guys who killed their friends, so they were like tough like us. Jim Walden: There were a number of extraordinarily violent shoot-outs. Jimmy Calandra: With the 20th Avenue kids, everybody was always on high alert. I never left my house without a pistol. I had a bulletproof vest, with a plate in the front, plate in the back. Plus I also had the strap-on where you got a pistol over here and you got a pistol over here, you know, you got 2 pistols like this. We were ready to go to war. We didn't trust anybody. My friends were being killed left and right. We were shooting people left and right. Detective Dades: When I think back how much craziness was going on up there it really was, it was like a shooting gallery up there. Narrator: Violence gets so  extreme that Spero steps in. Jimmy Calandra: There was a sit down with their people, and Spero told them, you know what we're gonna straighten this out, we're gonna put this underneath the table; let's go forward, stuff like that. But Pauly Gulino didn't want that. Narrator: Gulino,  the hothead of the Bath Avenue Crew,  wants more respect. Jim Walden: Gulino was very upset about the lack of support he was getting and he obviously felt, as the person that carried out the Bickelman murder, that his place should be more important. Narrator: So Gulino  does the unthinkable for a small time  mob associate, he challenges Spero, one of the most respected  men in the Bonanno crime family and a seriously  dangerous individual. Jimmy Calandra: Pauly G. wanted his full support. You know, I'm with you, you're supposed to defend me, (bleep) them. Detective Dades: He wanted to kill Spero. Jim Walden: Everyone knows that Anthony Spero is, you know, one of the kings, one of the few bosses that still lives in the area. And in the middle of this heated confrontation on the public street, Gulino pushes Spero, puts his hands on him. Jimmy Calandra: He gave himself a death sentence. Jim: Walden: There are some rules you cannot break. I mean you can't stay in the neighborhood after you hit a made member in a crime family, because your own friends are gonna be the one to take you out. Spero essentially turned around and walked away, turned his back on Gulino. That was the day that Paul Gulino became a marked man. Jimmy Calandra: Spero gave the order to kill Pauly, and you know, who's gonna kill Pauly? Pauly's a hard person to kill. The only people that could kill Pauly were his friends. Jim Walden: He was holed up in his apartment. He doesn't know when the day of reckoning is going to come and so he can trust almost no one. But he does trust Joey Calco and Tommy Reynolds. It's those two that were in the short list of people whose knock Gulino would have responded to with an open door. Jimmy Calandra: Tommy and Joey went to Pauly Gulino's house on a Sunday. They asked him for something to drink, he opened the refrigerator door. As he opened the refrigerator door, Joey put a couple bullets in the back of Pauly's head. Jim Walden: Gulino fell to the floor dead. Detective Dades: You know, you can go from being on top of the list to, you know, to get a nod, and two friends blow your brains out. Jim Walden: Gulino, Reynolds, Calco, they've been friends for their whole lives. They grew up together, they marked their ankles together, and yet, at that critical moment, it was the two best friends that snuffed out Paul Gulino's life because they were ordered to, but more importantly, because they wanted to, because they knew that it would be a path to their own rise within the Bonanno family. Jimmy Calandra: They left like nothing happened. That's it. Narrator: But  Pauly Gulino's murder will change everything  for the Bath Avenue Crew. At the time of the  killing, Jimmy Calandra, one of the original members  in the Bath Avenue Crew is in jail where  he hears about the hit. Jimmy Calandra: I call Tommy Reynolds that night from federal prison. I said, "Was it you? Was that, was it you?" And he was crying. He said, "No," he said, "No." But I knew it was my friends. Detective Dades: Jimmy saw a lot of deceit and treachery and saw his best friend get killed. Jimmy Calandra: I felt sick. I wanted to throw up. I was sad. I was like a baby crying in my cell, seriously. Pauly was a really good friend of mine, a dear friend, a childhood friend and just you know, I was never the type to kill my own friends. That wasn't me. You know, if Spero would've gave me the hit, in all honesty, I probably would've told Pauly. I stopped and I looked, said, "You know what; we're not friends no more over here. You know what we are? We became gangsters." Narrator: Law enforcement  round up the remaining members of the crew while  Calandra is still in prison. But when he gets out,  his past catches up to him again. He's under investigation  for an old murder in Staten Island,  the unsolved killing of a woman with no  connection to organized crime. New York Police  Detective Tommy Dades has been piecing  together the details and is getting  close to an arrest. Detective Dades: I was investigating him to lock him up. He did some jail time, he got out and he knew that we had just locked everybody else up and he knew that the axe was gonna fall on him sooner or later. Jimmy Calandra: The feds knocked on my door and told me your past came back to haunt you. When I got home, I didn't say a word about nothing. Then all of a sudden, people are flipping on me again. You know? I said, "(Bleep) this." I said, "What the (bleep) kind of life is this? I keep my mouth shut and then I come home (bleep) want to tell on me? There's no (bleep) loyalty, I might as well flip too. What am I gonna do, be a sucker?" Narrator: By the 1990s,  dozens of guys are flipping. The old code of silence,  what used to be called "omerta",  no longer holds. Faced with the threat  of life sentences in prison, or getting whacked  by their own side, gangsters up  and down the ladder reconsider  their options. Jimmy Calandra: After my friend Pauly was murdered, I was at the point of my life you know, where I had enough. I wanted away from this life. I sat down with a prosecutor, I made an agreement with him and I testified against Anthony Spero. Narrator: Spero,  the onetime acting boss of the  Bonanno family. Jimmy Calandra: You know, it was hard. It wasn't easy; it's not an easy thing to do. Spero was someone I knew for a very long time since I was a little boy that told me never tattletale on anybody, you know, because at one time I really liked this guy. You know, I had respect for him. But when I sat down on the stand all I thought about was how Anthony Spero used to send us out on missions for him. He might put on the nice guy appearance, you know, that gentle way about him, but I know deep inside, I know that he was a gangster and if he could, he would have me killed right there and then. If he could get away with it. Jim Walden: So Anthony Spero was sentenced to life in prison and he went to prison and he died in prison. He did not cooperate, even though we very much wanted him to cooperate to build a case against Massino and the other members of the Bonanno family that were on the rise. Narrator: So Bonanno  Boss Joe Massino remains insulated from the  problems created by the Bath Avenue Crew  and continues running his increasingly  profitable empire. Fat Sal: Joe Massino was able to come home from prison and run a well-greased machine, and they made a lot of money. Edward McDonald: Joe Massino was running the Bonanno crime family in an effective way, but what they were doing was they were leaving a lot of paper trails. Mitra Hormozi: You have agents in the Bonanno Organized Crime Squad who are trying to figure out, how can we get to this family? And they thought maybe the way to this is, "Let's follow the money," because a lot of these captains are now very wealthy, living the good life. Narrator: One of  them is Sal Vitale, Joe Massino's  brother in law. Mitra Hormozi: Joe Massino taught Sal Vitale how to swim when they were little kids. I mean, they were just very, very close. Once Massino gets out of prison, their relationship becomes a little bit strained. Other members of the Bonanno organized crime family perhaps were jealous of Vitale, or did not like his style of running the show, and so they're starting to whisper in Massino's ears about Vitale. Narrator: After Mob Boss  Joe Massino is released from prison in 1992, he makes a  series of sweeping reforms that turns the  Bonanno family into a well-greased machine. But the family's  foundation trembles when Massino's  Underboss, Sal Vitale, believes a rumor that  the boss wants him whacked. Mitra Hormozi: This is the ultimate betrayal for Sal Vitale. Here's the man who he loved more than anyone else, who he believes he served faithfully, and the fact he may have wanted to kill him just switches something in Sal Vitale. Jim Walden: The underboss deciding to cooperate against his brother-in-law was the last nail in the coffin for Massino. Sue Simmons: Federal prosecutors are claiming victory tonight after reputed mob boss Joseph "Big Joey" Massino was convicted on all counts of murder, extortion and racketeering. Edward McDonald: He's charged with 8 murders. One of the murders, Joe was facing the death penalty on that case. So he reaches out to the trial judge and he says that he wants to cooperate. Agent Pistone: Joey Massino finds out he's gonna get the death penalty, the first thing he does is he cooperates. He had that fear that he was gonna die in the chair, and he cracked. Mitra Hormozi: And that was the first time that an official boss of an organized crime family had decided to become a turncoat. Bruce Cutler: Imagine! The head of the group! Fat Sal: He knew how to play the system. But when the (bleep) hit the fan, the (bleep) hit the fan! Michael Franzese: Gosh. I mean that's the ultimate betrayal in my view, for a boss, somebody that is supposed to be so entrenched in this life, so entrenched in the ideology of this life, a leader. The fact that a boss could do that is, is devastating. Narrator: By 2003,  the sun's finally setting on the American Mob. After 70 years as the  most powerful organized crime force in  the United States, Cosa Nostra  is decimated. The mob first  stumbles in 1970, when Mafia Boss  Joe Colombo steps out of the shadows and  into the public eye and is  gunned down shortly thereafter by a  mob hired hit man. It continues with the  landmark infiltration of the Bonanno family  by FBI Agent Joe Pistone, and the prosecution  of the leaders of the five families in the  commission case by U.S. Attorney Rudolph  Giuliani in the 1980s. Rudolph Giuliani: We have now proven in a court of law beyond a reasonable doubt not only that there's a mafia, but that there's a commission that it runs the mafia. Narrator: Publicity  hungry don John Gotti turns out to be another  nail in the coffin in the 90s. But it all culminates  with the betrayal by the last don, Joe Massino  when he becomes the first boss of a  family to cooperate with the federal government. Mitra Hormozi: Joe Massino's conviction really was the end of an era for the five families in New York. Rudolph Giuliani: That's sort of the real deterioration of all their values, all their principles. Bruce Cutler: The underworld as I knew it has been pulverized! Pummeled! What there was then certainly, I don't see now. Edward McDonald: They're on the run because the Justice Department and local law enforcement in those regions have gone after the mafia with a vengeance. Jimmy Calandra: Too much technology. Too many people talking. Too much law enforcement. Too many cameras. You know? Too many people taking pictures. [makes clicking sound] Narrator: Organized  crime still exists, but it's  not the same. Agent Kallstrom: There's still thugs that hijack and sell dope and run prostitution and gambling rackets, but it's nothing like it was. Detective Dades: Is there a handful of real tough guys out there? Is there a handful of guys out there that got good schemes going on? Yeah. To compare it to anything of like it used to be? Those days are over forever. Narrator: The mob's  downfall is the culmination of a determined  decades-long campaign by law enforcement. Bruce Cutler: The goal that the government had was to denude La Cosa Nostra of all its armaments. They have succeeded. Agent Devecchio: We took a lot of their assets and their moneymaking opportunities away from them. Agent Pistone: We took 'em from being the top organized crime group in the country to just another organized crime group. We really kicked the (bleep) out of the mob. Narrator:  One key victory: the breaking of  the code of secrecy known as Omerta,  practiced on pain of death for  decades, now in ruins. Michael Franzese: What separated us is that we had that structure, we had that respect, we had that honor, and we had to abide by it or there were serious consequences. Salvatore Polisi: There was greed, there was jealousy, and all of the sudden the principles and the honor was out the window. Philip Leonetti: La Cosa Nostra, you know, I believed in it one time. It's like when I was a kid I believed in Santa Claus. As I got older, I didn't believe in Santa Claus anymore and it's the same way with La Cosa Nostra. Rudolph Giuliani: They had these delusions of grandeur. I think by the time you get to 2003, all the delusions of grandeur are gone and they're just a bunch of, a bunch of creeps. My father, from the time I was young, would describe them as bullies. "If you need 2 or 3 men to fight your battles, you're not a real man," my father would say, "a real man can fight his own battles." Narrator: But almost  no one believes the mob is gone for good. Selwyn Raab: The mob has taken a lot of hits. They're wounded, gravely. But not mortally. Michael Franzese: This thing is cyclical. Organized crime, boom. They pound on everybody, they pound on everybody for a period of time and then something else becomes important. Terrorism becomes important. So they take the agents off, they focus on that, and the guys on the street they build up again. Selwyn Raab: It's what some people call "the cockroach theory": when the lights are out the cockroaches roam freely. If you turn the spotlight on them they have to scurry. Agent Mouw: I remember talking to Sammy "the Bull" Gravano about this. And he said, "One theory is everybody lay low for 10 years, the government will go away, we'll come back, we'll be stronger than ever." Fat Sal: It's gonna grow again. There's gonna be a spike. And this time when it spikes, it's gonna spike bad. There's a fresh crew coming out after serving 20 years, they're coming out in the next year, the next two years, they're coming back to Brooklyn. They know nothing but to commit crimes. They're gonna come back old, tight and hungry. God knows what's only gonna happen when they hit them streets. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 