When Sharks Attack: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 When Sharks Attack 
 s1e2 - Florida Frenzy - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 When Sharks Attack (2013–2020): Season 1, Episode 2 - Florida Frenzy - full transcript 
 Florida's picturesque mid-Atlantic coast has long been a popular destination for surfers and swimmers, but three recent shark attacks in a 24-hour period are spreading fear across the beaches. Join Nat Geo WILD as we investigate the shocking attacks to find out what turned these peaceful shores into a feeding ground for unwanted visitors -- and if it will happen again. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The summer season approaches when a cluster of deadly shark attacks tears a vacation paradise apart. My hand's inside the shark. I could feel... in his mouth. These popular Mexican beaches have never seen an attack in their entire history. People trusted this area of being safe. They had no reason to believe otherwise. Leaving a community searching for answers There just never were any sharks here ever so how in the world could this possibility have happened. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 This is one of the best beaches that I think around, it's a little north of Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo. It is paradise here the thing that I like about this particular stretch of beach is that if you have any stress when you come from your normal job or where you're living environment you can here and nothin' works on a clock most people don't even know what time it is here. You get up when you get up, you go to bed when you go to bed, you take a siesta when you feel like taking siesta, any of those things that drive you nuts on a daily basis, they don't exist here. Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo lies on the Pacific Coast of Mexico Retired Navy pilot Rick Kennedy knows this world class destination well. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I've been comin' here for the better part of 13 years, I have never heard of shark attacks myself. I've always just thought that you're not gonna get hurt here, there's nothing here that can hurt you. But his view of Zihuantanejo is about to change forever. I was out bodysurfing just over my shoulder here, came in about... I don't know I'd say 5 o'clock or so because the water was cold, I mean it wasn't just run and jump like I normally do it was tipy-toe out there and get accustomed to the water. As Rick warms up in the sun he notices two surfers enter the ocean, one of them is 24-year-old American tourist Adrian Ruiz. They were the hardcore... surfers they basically just gotten up to the room look at it, grabbed the boards and ran out the door. At the same time I noticing there was a lot of pelicans were flying around that day and they were doing some nosedives from about 50, 60 feet up just come straight down all wings wide open trying to catch fish. I have never seen a situation like that, I had asked a couple people, they hadn't either so something was unusual so the eyes were focused in that area during that whole timeframe. And then all of a sudden... I see the surfer dislodge from the board. Rick's Navy training kicks in and as he races towards the scene others soon join him. About a hundred yards off of this rock formation here, that's where we noticed the individual in trouble. So, we were comin' through here right in between 'em is where we picked up at. First thing I saw was the tear in the buttocks that was the first thing I noticed maybe 10 feet away. I knew right then it was a, a shark attack. As a former pilot, I've seen injury in a lot of different disciplines, it was probably one of the grossest things that I've ever seen, from the knee to here to here is gone. And all you're looking at is just, the skin but anything inside of the skin is gone except for bone. Desperately Rick assesses what medical attention Adrian needs. The injuries looked so severe that I was just looking for any major bleeding point which there was none, there was nothing we could do, there was nothing, there was yet no blood left in the femoral artery I knew at that point because there was no bleeding and nothing to tie off he had bled out. Mexican authorities confirm Adrian Ruiz as the areas first ever shark attack victim. And the death of an American tourist at a popular destination attracts the attention of the US media. Pete Thomas from the LA Times, lived and breathed the story for months. This was a major story, it was in the associated press, everybody was writing about it you know this place had never had an attack. They're not used to shark attacks. They don't expect shark attacks also you know this is a tourist area. It's popular among the United States so people trusted this area of being safe. They uh had no reason to believe otherwise. Such attention threatens the regions tourist based economy, as local hotel owner Michael Bensal knows all too well. Marine Ixtapa, this is the blue agave, taking off. Within 24 hours of the attack being on the news our e-mail box and our phone started ringing, because that time of year is when our surf crowd starts coming in. And, uh, course they were all freaked out. Uh, their girlfriends were freaked out. Their parents were all freaked out. "Don't go to Mexico. You're gonna get eaten by a shark down there." The big question was, why here and why now. The one thing that everybody realized pretty early on was that we had some extremely cold water currents down here for that time of year and the fishermen were seeing fish they didn't normally see, a couple of people reported seeing some seals down here which... nobody's ever seen a seal down here that, that I know of. I talked to a lot of the local fishermen that have, been fishing these waters for 30 to 40 years; they've never heard or seen anything like that before. As concern for their livelihood grows locals take matters into their own hands. There was a feeling of helplessness among everybody that relies upon the ocean. The fishermen here, are dependent on tourism because all these little restaurants buy fish from their cooperative. They were afraid of tourism being affected and they wanted to prove to everybody that we're taking care of this. We're gonna take some sharks out of the water and the water will be safe again and so After the shark attack, there was a, a shark kill. Local fishing guide Ed Kunze was there at the time. I heard about the shark hunt the next day and I was just, it was beyond belief for me. I never, never imagined anything like that ever happening here. The fishermen went out with barrels and long lines and cable and you know large hooks to catch these sharks and eliminate the problem, however I didn't honestly think they were going to catch anything because I'd been living here by ten years and I'd only seen three or four sharks the whole time I lived here. There were no sharks period. There just never were any sharks here ever. But Ed soon realizes the waters he knows so well have changed... We're in the village of Mohawa. Mohawa is the location that where the commercial fishermen originated the shark hunt. They actually proceeded to catch a lot of sharks, they had about eight or ten sharks of fourteen up here on the beach right here in front of us. Many experts however believe the systematic killing of sharks to be ineffective. From a sociological standpoint a shark hunt can be an understandable reaction because people want revenge. This generally isn't very productive because the chances of going out into the ocean and catching the one shark that's responsible for the attack are incredibly, incredibly low. Suffice it to say, even after the shark hunts, the odds are that shark is still out there. The fisherman are quick to flag their catch to the media. They hope this will stem the exodus of tourists. With the sharks here on the beach, they got the newspapers here and the photos, the authorities then said look at all these sharks and they felt that they had the proof that we've got our shark. However, I believe that the most of the sharks they got was grey shark, silver tips, reef sharks, maybe a blue shark or two, nothing to really denote um the big powerful sharks. Despite Ed's skepticism the photo's seem to ease the minds of the business owners and tourists. In the coming weeks life slowly returns to normal in the region. Well following the shark hunt and after a few weeks had passed, everybody was pretty comfortable we were out of the woods. And all in all it just started to have a better feel, a better vibe and slowly but surely everybody started getting back in the water, be it surfing, fishing, diving whatever, having a blast and it was time to move on and start rebuilding. There was a, a sigh of relief when the sharks were caught but my, my question was, why did they catch so many when we didn't have caught any for all, that many for ten years prior. We arrived early... at about 9 in the morning. 9 in the morning. Luque is an 18-year-old local student out with his friends at Pantla beach, just a 30 minute drive south of where Adrian Ruiz was killed. This is the place where we went in, here is where we were surfing. Luque surfs with his friend 21-year-old Osvaldo Mata. You see the fishermen, where those waves are breaking around 50 meters is where Osvaldo was. So I caught a wave, and it took me a little farther out There was a moment where Osvaldo, made a joke, He said to me "A shark! There, ahead, a shark, I just saw it" I was in front of them but I thought it was a joke. Osvaldo was in front sitting on his board. Osvaldo came up to the surface and screamed All around him was filled with blood At that moment out of common sense I wanted to get away but then I said to myself 'what am I doing, I can't leave him there!' Osvaldo was sitting on his board, he went around here, and the shark entered from here What really scared me, and what really tore me apart. Was hearing his scream for help That yes... I will never forget it I still remember it And it sends shivers through my body Luque desperately calls his friends for help as he swims to Osvaldo's aid. By the time I got to him he was floating I realized that his hand, his whole wrist, was gone So I took his arm and put it over my shoulder. And begin to swim with him. Luque and his friends drag Osvaldo to the shore. But when they get there they realize his injuries are even worse then they feared. That's when we noticed that he was missing this part. On his leg all of this part was detached, it looked like dangling pieces of cloth. The shark has snapped Osvaldo femur completely in half. We started doing CPR, but there were no signs of life. There was no more blood coming out He bled out. Two fatal attacks in less than a month at a top Mexican tourist destination sends the already frenzied media into over drive. Just as people were starting to think this is over after the first attack we had a second attack here so the hysteria gets heightened at that point, this is no fluke you know there's something going on out in the water that's not normal. The second attack was devastating. For me personally, we probably lost about 40% of our business we just started getting cancellation after cancellation. And it didn't really matter what we told people, they weren't coming, they just didn't wanna take the risk. The press circles and tourists cancel, leaving the community desperate for an explanation. Some believe that the answer might lie with the tourists themselves... After the 70s when the tourism started in Ixtapa, Ziohuatanejo actually became a world class fishery, a destination for people all over the world to come and sample in shore fishing off shore, it has so much game fish here, I can't help believe that after these attacks took place, and we started looking and the people that live here that know this area, we got to thinking, well they probably came here because of the food supply. When fish are caught they give off distress signals in the form of vibrations and odors in the water. Sharks are specially adapted to detecting these signals. The fishermen up in Manawa they normally year round make a living with their nets. If you look at this net, you can see there's a hole in it big enough to put my hat through. That hole was created by a shark. Fish get caught in the net, sharks come, grab the fish, we'll bite a hole right on through it. In addition to that, the poor fisherman only had a few minutes to get the nets out of the water once they put them in because the sharks hear the vibrations, feel the vibrations and it was like ringing a dinner bell. But while an increase in fishing activities might draw sharks to the area it doesn't explain why they would suddenly attack people. But one startling new theory might. Cartel violence was getting a lot of publicity at that point. There were a lot of people dying. It's in the newspapers. There's graphic photos, mutilated bodies and it was uh it was big news going around so people were talking about it. It is reported that from 2006 to 2008 drug cartel related murders more than quadrupled in Mexico. The dead bodies are often displayed in public as a message to rival gangs. But some believe that's not where all the bodies end up... So somebody put two and two together to say hey, they're probably dumping these bodies in the ocean and a lot of people thought those bodies were attracting these sharks and that's how they developed a taste for human blood maybe and that's why the sharks are here attacking humans. One of the theories behind the shark attacks in Zihuatanejo is that drug cartels had dumped a bunch of bodies in the water just off the coast which attracted sharks to the area. While this is a horrifying idea, scientifically it makes a lot sense; sharks are opportunistic predators with a great sense of smell, they would have been drawn into the area and would have eaten anything there whether it's dead or alive. We have here a bucket of chum. If the drug cartels had dumped bodies into the water, this bucket of chum would represent what would happen as the odors trailed off those bodies. Chum is a mixture of fish and blood used by fisherman to attract big game fish. This bucket contains about 40 pounds of chum. The average human weighs almost 200 pounds. If we pour some of this into the water what we can see is that it's gonna disperse very, very quickly. As you can see the water is pulling this chum out and it's gonna fan it out into an odor trail. At the other end of the trail sharks are gonna be able to pick up on these... faint odor molecules and then follow them towards a higher concentration drawing them into the area and possibly keeping them in the area where people would have then come leading up to the attacks. There is also a historic precedent that lends support to the theory In 1945 the USS Indianapolis, delivered the worlds first atomic bomb to the south pacific Then two Japanese torpedoes struck, stranding 900 men in the water. Within hours sharks began to attack. As victims were attacked the bodies started giving off an odor trail that would have drawn more sharks in, so you would have got this gradual effect of more and more sharks coming over the course of time that the men were in the water. The shark attacks continued for five days. Of the 900 men who entered into the water, only 317 made it out. The theory that the bodies of drug cartel victims could attract sharks to the area is possible, but not everyone is convinced. First of all as long as I've lived here, I haven't seen a single body floating around and I fish in these waters weekly. And uh the majority of the cartel activity is up around the US/Mexican border couple of thousand miles away from here and... any idea that they be bringing bodies... to dump 'em in a river is... just nuts... and that combined with the fact that I mean you have to understand how fish guts are dumped in the waters here... daily by the local fishing communities, and we'd never had an attack here before so, a few bodies floating out of a river mouth... if it happened which... I seriously doubt it is not gonna change things. Whether the cartel theory is accurate or not, one thing is certain, the hysteria surrounding the unprecedented attacks threatens to bring the regions fragile economy to its knees. We still had a few people that were coming down, a few people that were taking their chances the big worry was if there was another one, how much worse can things get? This is the beach known as Playa Linda, it's really good surf beach. I live about 15 minutes north of here... I've been surfing these waters... for close to 25 years. Bruce fell in love with this area as a tourist then moved here permanently and now runs a local surf shop. May 24th I was workin' in the shop, makin' boards, fixin' dings so I was kinda out of touch with the news. I show up to the beach, water looks different... super green, looked like soup. And the waves were kinda messy, kinda choppy. So I'm enjoyin' some surf, everything's going good and I just finished this really good wave, it was a long one, I sat up on my board, and I'm thinking the whole time about man I like this board it really works good... ...and all of a sudden... ...bam I get hit from the rear I was like, god that's kinda spooky but I wasn't sure what it was maybe it was log or somethin' I don't know So, I'm paddlin' back out and all of a sudden, bam again on the rear third of the board like back on the tail between the fins. I knew then this is a shark and it was an attack. I actually saw him go by, passed in front of me, and I went oh my god this thing's huge. He must have been ten feet he could easily eat me, whole. Each stroke I'm thinkin' here he comes, he's comin' to finish me, here he comes, here he comes and From out of nowhere, the shark just nails me. All of a sudden... I feel cold, serrated teeth and gums, and I'm like my hand's inside the shark. I could feel... in his mouth. My hand was so far in his mouth, that I'm thinking he's got me he's gonna clamp down At which point he let go and then I pulled my hand out and it's just bleeding profusely, this is squirting, this is flapping, there's bone showing, I gotta get out of the water. Despite his injuries Bruce is able to catch a wave back to shore. I get out of the water here... holding up my arm so it doesn't pump out a bunch of blood and I jog down the beach and got to my truck as fast as I could and try to drive one arm all the way to the hospital. Bruce receives over 100 stitches. He is the third victim on the very same stretch of coastline within a month. And he soon realizes his fate could have been much worse. When I heard that... a boy died the day before just one beach north of here I was... shocked, I mean that's two that have died and then me, I must be really lucky. I immediately knew it was the same shark. I think... he bit the kid and saw that that was easy and he came over, oh here's another one... I'll bite this guy too. Could Bruce be right? Could a single shark have developed a taste for humans and now be actively stalking the waters enjoyed by tourists? The answer is more frightening then anyone could have imagined. Nobody had really seen sharks in the water and the MO for every attack was identical so we figured it must just be one rogue shark that was behind the whole, the whole thing. Three shark bites, two of them fatal within a month in the previously safe resort area of Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo leads some to believe that this is the work of a single rogue shark. The specter of such a creature brings the already fragile tourist economy to a standstill. There was an exodus. The beach is deserted there's nobody there. It's like a ghost town. So, it shook this place, it shook it up. There was a feeling of desperation and people wanted answers. These beaches that were normally full just completely emptied out here, people just were afraid to go in the water or even get near it. The big question was what kind of shark was it and where did it come from? The evidence needed to answer this question is scant. Two of the victims are dead and the third only glimpsed the shark. Describing it to me approximately 10 feet long. A clue, however, could lie in the details of the attack on the second victim, Osvaldo Mata, whose femur was snapped in half as the shark bit down. Dan Huber is at the materials testing lab of the University of South Florida and thinks this evidence might unveil the species responsible. The femur is the largest and one of the strongest bones in the human body. And when I first heard that Osvaldo's femur was broken I was shocked, and what we're hoping to do is to assess just how much force it took to do that, which will help us narrow down which species it could have been. Dan uses a cow femur as substitute for a human bone. If the force required to break the bone exceeds 4000 pounds, the species of shark could be narrowed to a handful. Anything less than that and the possible suspects could be in the dozens. This test is gonna replicate what would happen during a shark attack. We're gonna put the bone in this space right here this hydraulic ram is gonna simulate the lower jaw of the shark coming up as the mouth closes in order to capture food. That force is then gonna be recorded through a computer system. With the bone in place and the ram primed Dan applies the pressure. OK here we go, I don't know what to expect. As you can see the bones snapped completely in half, over here we can tell that is took about 4200 pounds of force to snap that femur in half, that's over two tons of force If we then relate that to human femurs at that level of force it rules out most every shark species that we have in coastal waters except for the big three: the bull shark, the tiger shark and the white shark. The nature of the attacks and the water conditions at the time means one shark emerges as the prime suspect. Given that this shark was a powerful shark it bit through Osvaldo's femur and given that the water was unusually cold, people started thinking great white sharks in fact some people thought this was the work of one great white shark a rogue great white that was all of a sudden here, hunting people. That's what you had in jaws and there was a jaws situation down here. The atmosphere was pretty similar and pretty sensational. White sharks are the largest predatory fish in the world. They get up to about 21 feet long and are highly aggressive, they tend to live in cold waters that are also inhabited by seals They generally don't inhabit this part of the world; the one part of Mexico where you can reliably find white sharks is up in the Baja area in the Guadalupe Islands. But the fact of the matter is the more that we study these animals the more we find they pop up in unexpected areas. In 2012 a 20-foot long great white was caught near Guaymas in the Sea of Cortez meaning it likely would have had to have travelled far south of the Guadalupe Islands to get there. So could a great white have been drawn even further south by the unusually cold waters and seals in Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo? I think the authorities at the time were dumbfounded, there had never been an attack, they didn't know how to respond, amid the panic they brought in George Burgess because if any body could figure out why the attacks occurred it was gonna be him. George Burgess is the director of the international shark attack file and is one of the top shark attack investigators in the world. Any time you get multiple attack over a short time or place it's intriguing because it is away from the norm we come in as a detective would and look for how, where, and when, and why... We started looking back at our previous records of attacks from the West Coast of Mexico to compare those dates and times with previous... events. Such records show that there was a similar cluster of 4 fatal shark attacks in Acapulco, more than 4 hours south, over a 12-month period in 1972 and 1973. Interestingly enough a number of those attacks occurred in cooler water temperature which was the same... as what we saw in the Zihuatanejo attacks situation that was the smoking gun so to speak. These previous attacks and the presence of cold water leads Burgess to a startling new theory and one that will turn the entire investigation on its head. The town and the tourism was on the verge of collapse. This was catastrophic. The fact that there had been a prolonged period of cold water as well as that the waters were greenish in hue made us start to think there was a major environmental difference, at this place and time. George Burgess is attempting to solve the mystery of how three people came to be attacked, two of them fatally, in the normally safe waters of Ixtapa-Zihuatenejo. It's a riddle that has him scouring the history books for clues. We went back and sort of looked at some of the attacks that occurred in Acapulco farther south in previous years and saw that maybe there was a correlation between them. A 12-month period in 1972 and 1973 saw four tourists killed off the same stretch of coastline. Many of these attacks also occurred in atypically cold water for the region. I immediately asked one of my assistants to check on La Ni?a events simply because those are such a huge... motivators of, of local conditions on, on the West Coast. La Ni?a is a climate pattern in the Pacific Ocean where changes in ocean currents lead to cold water coming up from the depths and being pushed from the West Pacific Ocean out towards the East Pacific Ocean. Sure enough, the data confirms Burgesses hunch. La Nina occurred in both 1973 and 2008. The mass of cold water... would have just taken up all of the space in here... and it retains its integrity for a long period. This little pocket of water, pushed against the coastline in Zihuatanejo... and it stayed there for months on end. This mass of cold water seems to support the theory that a rogue great white shark is responsible for the attacks. Burgess however thinks not all of the evidence adds up. Bruce Grimes the third victim and the one of the three that survived... indicated that there were series of bumps on his boards before he ended up gettin' bit However white sharks generally are, are surprise predators and, and what we call sneak attackers... they attack from below and behind. Whereas bulls and tigers often times will do what we call bump and bite attacks. Where... the human is actually contacted one or more times before the actual attack occurs so... it clearly wasn't a white shark. These attacks were probably one of two species either bulls sharks or tiger sharks. But there's a problem with this theory. These species aren't normally found in cold water... Bull sharks and tiger sharks are both tropical species that generally prefer warmer waters and so this upwelling of cold water would push the sharks away and therefore there are lots of different factors that have to be considered. There were a lot of unanswered questions especially among the locals, they don't know, they don't know if there's gonna be another attack so they're deeply concerned and so after the third attack, the navy wants to get involved. They took to the air, they wanted to patrol the coast to see what they could find. The navy's aim is to scan the coastline in the hope of reporting back that the waters are safe. But they see something they never expected. The third attack with Bruce Grimes, it happened right here in front of this river bar right here. The navy helicopter was right up here in this spot we're in basically right now and right down in that water they saw 12 big huge sharks lined up in front of the river mouth plus, up and down this coastline, stretch of about thirty miles, they saw hundreds. It was like schools of sharks. The sight of hundreds of sharks like these swimming just yards from the shore sends shockwaves through the community. The panic and confusion it the community was just incredible. We are not talking about one or two incidences now, we're got lots and lot of shark and a great possibility of another instance where somebody was going to get bit. It was infestation After the third attack, the navy actually went up in the helicopter to examine the coastline to see what's going on. They saw showed lined up in front of the river bar, 12 huge sharks. Plus in that stretch of coast, hundreds, two hundred fifty, three hundred sharks from the air. Incredible. The thing about this pack of sharks is uh it kind of dispels the notion that there's one rogue shark. So instead of a rogue shark they have a rogue pack, and that pack is pointed toward the shoreline. The sharks being lined up like that they could have been thinking they're just waiting for people to walk in the water off of the river bar, I wondered how in the world when we've never had sharks here before could this possibly have happened? What has caused so many sharks to mass along the coast? Are they here to stay? Will there be more attacks? And what species are they? George Burgess believes the area the sharks are schooling is a vital clue. The fact that the sharks were observed right on river mouths... alarm bells started goin' off right away. The third attack occurred right here at the mouth of this, this river... and... to the north was another river and that's where the second attack occurred. The previous attack which was farther up the coastline was more on an open sandy beach... but again it was bracketed by a, a series of rivers on each side. This is more than coincidence. River mouths are areas where where salt and freshwater mix anytime you have a situation where there's a river mouth that immediately gets the, the light bulb on for bull sharks. Bull sharks are incredibly aggressive shark species they get up to about 12-feet long and pound for pound they have the most powerful bite of any shark species studied to date. What makes them so amazing is they are the only species that can completely move between salt water and fresh water on a regular basis which is why bull sharks spend a lot of time near the mouths of rivers. When you look at all different factors this absolutely points to bull sharks. Bull sharks, however, normally only inhabit warm water so why are they schooling in massive numbers in Zihuatanejo? Will they attack again? And are they here to stay? I, swam and surfed and fished in these waters for years and... we just don't see bull sharks down here so nobody really knew for sure what was going on. Immediately it's intriguing and so you immediately start thinking well, might draw the sharks in you know, what, what kind of factors might be involved. People in the region were reporting lots and lots of marine life during this time This makes a lot of sense during a La Ni?a event; the upwelling of cold water brings a lot of nutrients to the surface which supports a very different type of ecosystem, to the point at which the apex predators start coming in to consume all of this vibrant life that's been growing during the upwelling. Now while this cold water might, in one sense would push bull sharks away the fact of the matter is that having a readily available source of food is always gonna trump changes in water temperature when it comes to big coastal predators like bull sharks. But if it's an abundance of food that has drawn bull sharks to the area, why would they attack humans? The reason the waters were greenish in hue is that that nutrients allows for growth in a lot of vital plankton, the little plant organisms that are the basis of life if you will in the sea, and with that means visibility is poor. Poor visibility in the water is often a key factor in shark attacks. When a shark is in murky water and it can't use vision to hunt it has rely on its other senses. This makes it harder to distinguish between a human and a fish and makes the shark more likely to attack regardless of what that prey item is. The activities of a surfer in the surf zone where visibility is poor... were attractive to a large shark such as a bull shark which normally consumes large prey items... and they probably would be quick to, to jump on the opportunity for, for a meal. So a combination of animal and human behavior and environment all contributed to these attacks. When the water warmed up, we knew they were gone because they were only here because of the cold water, and they haven't been back either. So, in all likelihood, the La Nina event brought nutrient filled cold water to the shallows of Zihuatanejo drawing an entirely new ecosystem including bull sharks to the area. And as the waters turned green with plankton it seems the bull sharks struck out at surfers believing them to be their normal prey. When the waters finally warmed and the ecosystem seemed to return to normal, the attacks stopped. At least for now. The reality is that the big draw to this area is the natural beauty and sometimes nature bites back. And of course somewhere in the back of all of our minds here, we know this could happen again here. Uh you know we hope, we hope it doesn't but uh at the end of the day we can't stop it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 