When Sharks Attack: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 When Sharks Attack 
 s1e3 - Panic in Paradise - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 When Sharks Attack (2013–2020): Season 1, Episode 3 - Panic in Paradise - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The hunt is on for a shark that attacked and killed a man north of San Diego. In 2008 Southern California is under siege from a series of shark attacks that no one can explain. Although there were severe wounds inflicted, no tissue had been removed from his body. These beaches haven't seen attacks in over 50 years. Shark attacks do not happen in San Diego. It's basically impossible that something like that could happen. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And as the terror spreads... Something has changed along this coastline in this state. It seems anyone could be next. And I just thought, okay, by the time I get to my boat, I'm not gonna have legs. Solana Beach is beautiful. It's serene and it's such a place for outdoor enthusiasts and surfers and water people. I love to stay active. And when I moved to San Diego, the first thing I did, I Googled "triathlon," and I found the Triathlon Club of San Diego. I had probably been in town for maybe two days 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and instantly made a whole new group of friends, and was inducted into a group of athletic people immediately. I get down to the beach and see the group of people getting ready to go swim. And we all quickly exchanged pleasantries, walked down to the ocean, and we were off very quickly. I never had a fear in the water. I had been told that sharks aren't an issue, nothing to worry about by friends, you know. Among the swimmers is 66-year-old retired veterinarian Dr. Dave Martin. I kept looking over and seeing Dave. And I always feel more comfortable when I see people around me when I'm swimming. You just like to know kind of where people are. And I kept seeing him, and he just seemed so relaxed and so peaceful while he was swimming, and it put me at ease. And then at one point I heard a noise... ...that didn't sound right to me. So I slowed down and I noticed that Dave wasn't next to me anymore. And then I heard the noise again. And I looked back... ...and Dave was motioning and waving his hands in the air. And very clearly I could hear that he had said, "Shark." And then within a split second I just knew that he was in trouble, and I swam to him. When I heard the word "shark," I'm thinking, there hasn't been a shark attack, there's no way. But the water was moving in a way that you can tell a large animal is still there, and I remember thinking clearly that it was swimming really fast. Both my parents have passed away, and I just remember saying a prayer and asking my parents to watch over me while I was out there. Help! Help! Swimming just ahead of Laurene and Dave is veteran team member Kenn Flagg. Someone says, "I think Dave had a heart attack," and I knew that's not what happened. Kenn and his teammates ignore the danger and swim to the scene. When we get there, there's lots of blood in the water. The damage was extensive. His femoral arteries were completely severed. Dave is bleeding badly, but for some reason the shark hasn't removed any of his flesh. He was white, and he was certainly not conscious. And I realize we need to get back to shore as quickly as possible. Pretty much everybody grabs a limb and starts pulling on him. And I was very concerned that he wouldn't make it. Help! Paramedics arrive within minutes and desperately attempt to save Dave's life. About an hour later, one of the paramedics came over and said that he hadn't made it. Yeah, it, it didn't sink in for a long time. Shark attacks do not happen in San Diego. It's basically impossible that something like that could happen. And I don't know if I've accepted it yet. I would say that the community was shocked. It's something that is extremely rare. My understanding was that it had been 51 years since there had been a fatality due to a shark in the San Diego area. There were helicopters and all these reporters set up here on the grass. He was screaming according to witnesses. Both legs severely injured. Experts say shark attacks in Southern California are extremely rare. Swimmers, surfers, anyone else being told to stay out of the waters here in Southern California. An attack in normally safe waters begs the question, what species is responsible and why would it bite a person without removing any flesh? The case attracts the attention of local expert Ralph Collier. Whenever you have a fatal shark attack, communities are shocked, I'm always shocked by it. It's a tragedy, especially in the case of Dave Martin. Because that area had never really experienced any kind of interaction between a shark and a human. We always thought that the majority of the attacks that occurred along the California coast occurred in Central California. Dave Martin, however, was attacked in San Diego, in Southern California. Something's not right here. The manner of the attack is also perplexing. The one thing that was atypical about this attack on Dave Martin was that it had nothing to do with feeding. Although there were severe wounds inflicted, no tissue had been removed from his body. If you were to take all of the flaps of skin and muscle that he had, you could, like a jigsaw puzzle, put them back in place. So the behavior exhibited by the shark doesn't make any sense. This strange behavior renders the sharks species a mystery. And as concern in the local community grows, the question of public safety falls to lifeguard captain Larry Giles. Dispatch, this is 23-0-5, be advised I'm gonna be on assignment at the north end of the district, available on air. I've been a lifeguard here for over 25 years. And from what I understand, and to my knowledge, we haven't had any issues here with sharks. A lot of people were just trying to come to grasp, that, you know, is that what really happened? You know, we didn't know what type of shark it was. Our concern after that point was, you know, how, why, when, how could it? Because it's just so rare. Larry's first task is to figure out if the shark responsible or any sharks are still in the area. We thought it would be best to get a helicopter up in the air and look for sharks in the water, 'cause they could see obviously more than we can. The hunt is on for a shark that attacked and killed a man yesterday north of San Diego. Over a two-day period, a sheriff's department helicopter scans back and forth along a 30-mile stretch of coastline. But not everyone supports this strategy. Finding a shark on the water is like the proverbial needle in the haystack. A shark doesn't have to swim that far out from the beach to be in water deep enough that if it simply descends into the depths, it disappears, it becomes stealth. And if you do spot it using a helicopter, what are you going to do? By the time you put together a crew and a boat to get out and catch it, the shark is gone. Sure enough, the search leaves Larry frustrated. It went on for maybe two days. And we didn't see anything. To my knowledge, it wasn't confirmed what type of shark it was. The shark that attacked Dave Martin doesn't seem to attack for food, swims rapidly... ...and is still out there. I grew up near the water, and just to think about going in the water and being part of the ocean, it just makes me happy. One of the places where my family and myself enjoy spending time is in Catalina. It's in this direction. Santa Catalina is a 22-mile-wide island that lies just 60 miles from where Dave Martin was killed two months earlier. Bettina, her husband and two sons are frequent visitors. And as avid kayakers have recently bought a boat big enough to store kayaks on board. My family and me were out in a fishing tournament, and I decided to go out kayaking. I was about 700 feet away from shore. And there was about five other boats, but I got my distance from them, and I was more out in the open. I, all of a sudden, feel a big... ...push in my kayak. It feels like when a car hits you from behind, that's how hard it was. And I'm turning around and I'm looking, because I'm thinking, who hit me? I mean, I'm thinking it's a small dinghy or, you know, a small boat that didn't see me. So I'm looking, and under the kayak I see this great mass. It's dark. And I automatically know this is a shark. Next thing I know, he comes from underneath, and he tosses me up in the air. And all of sudden I drop from the kayak and land standing up on his back. I'm looking straight down and I'm balancing on it. I just decide, okay, I'm gonna just dive off the shark and start swimming. And the shark is coming out of the water with an open mouth and his tail is thrashing. And I'm swimming, I'm swimming as fast as I can. And at that moment fear came into my body, and I just thought, okay, by the time I get to my boat, I'm not gonna have legs. I'm swimming away from the shark, and he's right behind me. With her husband and sons helplessly anchored over 200 yards away, Bettina Pereira faces a swim for her life. And I'm swimming as fast as I can. But I'm thinking my family's gonna watch me die. Local fisherman Bill Weilbacher witnesses the scene unfold. It was just the sickest thing I've ever seen, is just watching her swimming. I could see tail thrashing back and forth as the shark is propelling itself forward after her. I mean, any second the shark is gonna come up and hit her. And it was just, you know, such a feeling of helplessness. And we've just anchored, but there were two other smaller boats that were... if she would be here, they would kind of be over here maybe another 50 yards behind us. They're not anchored, they're drifting. And so we're screaming at them, you know, "Shark, shark, go, go, go! Go get her!" I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw the fishermen just show up in front of me and say, "Over here, lady." I just couldn't believe that I wasn't seeing blood come off her, and she appeared to be completely untouched. I was in shock. One of the fishermen, he's tapping me, "Lady, lady, it's okay, the shark is gone." Santa Catalina Island lies just 60 miles from Solana Beach where Dave Martin was killed only two months earlier. They are the first unprovoked shark attacks at these locations in over 50 years. Not surprisingly, Bettina's miraculous escape attracts the attention of the local media. Shark attacks are an interaction that always takes people by surprise. However, we really had never had reports of those kinds of encounters from that area. So it was quite a shock to the community, and to those of us in the science field. Whenever you investigate a shark attack, you're more of a detective than you are a research biologist or scientist, because the idea is to obtain as many clues as you can. These clues help us determine the species of shark and its size and also the possible motivation. Such clues might come from eyewitness Bill Weilbacher, who had a partial view of the shark that attacked Bettina Pereira. The splashing was obscuring really what was going on at the shark's head. But the top portion of the tail was approximately three feet high. The girth was extremely large. You know, something on this order, a very, very big fish. An experienced fisherman, Bill is familiar with one species in the area that could match this description. There have been 1,000-pound makos caught within 15 miles, 20 miles of that location within the last three years. This footage was shot just a few miles from the site of Bettina's encounter, and shows large mako sharks are common to the waters of Santa Catalina. They reach up to 12 feet in length and are one of the fastest fish in the ocean, capable of speeds approaching 20 miles per hour. Sometimes you'll see them actually jump. And frequently what's happening is that mako is down deep, they're very fast, they'll see some prey species on the surface, and they'll come charging up through, and their momentum will carry them right out of the water and somersault right back down. It seems mako sharks could be attacking people in Southern California. Those big makos, that's probably the toughest fish around here. Ralph Collier, however, is skeptical. Mako sharks are very long and narrow in shape, which allows them to be very sleek and very swift instead of being broader. Therefore, the attacks on Bettina and Dave Martin, they were not by a mako shark. In fact, to the best of my knowledge, we have never had an authenticated mako attack in United States coastal waters. Whatever species attacked Dave and Bettina remains a mystery. And the strange behavior of the shark involved in each attack is proving difficult to interpret. Determining possible motivation helps us in determining the species of shark. However, in the case of Bettina and Dave Martin, the behavior exhibited was completely different. Dave Martin was bitten a number of times before the shark left the area. Bettina, she was struck once by the shark, and she swam off. So we had different motivation by the animal. It seems different species might be involved. And if that's the case, it only makes the sudden flurry of attacks more perplexing. One thing is sure, the waters of Southern California cannot be considered completely safe. It was late afternoon, just a little bit before sundown, and my girlfriend and I had decided to go for a quick little surf at San Onofre after work, you know, before the sun went down. San Onofre Beach lies just 30 miles north and 50 miles east of the previous two attacks. The nice thing about it was that the beach is deserted, completely deserted. I was surfing for about maybe half an hour, 45 minutes, had a few fun rides. I'm feeling a lot of small, maybe four or five, six-inch fish swimming around my legs. Which is common, that doesn't freak me out at all, I mean, you know, that's San Onofre. I feel something brush against my leg. And it was definitely not seaweed, it was definitely not bait fish. It feels rough. And I literally feel it wrap around my leg. I never felt anything like that before. And then I feel pressure compacting on my foot, and I feel punctures going into the top and the bottom of my foot. So pretty much instantly I realize that there's a shark that has my foot in its mouth. There's a lot of sand churned up, so I can't clearly see the shark. I say to my girlfriend, "I've been bitten. Get out of the water." Instinctively, Scott tries to shake his leg free of the shark's jaws. It felt like a vice, you know, being tightened. As I began to resist, it tried to pull the opposite way. My only reaction was to try to shake my leg as hard as possible. Eventually, I did basically kick the shark off of my leg, and it swam away, didn't feel it or see it again. Scott is left with four deep puncture wounds on his foot. His is the third mysterious attack within a 40-mile radius in the usually safe waters of Southern California. But the strange behavior of the shark as it wrapped itself around Scott's leg could implicate an unlikely suspect. Here we are at San Onofre State Beach. It can be a really heavily used beach during the summer. It tends to be much more crowded during the winter. But we rarely, rarely ever have any problems with shark attacks along this coastline. Jim Serpa is visiting the site of the shark attack on Scott Barton, the third such incident within a 40-mile radius. These areas are normally considered safe, but a clue that strikes Jim as relevant is that Scott reported seeing an abundance of four to five-inch fish before he was bitten. If you were to have a surfer out here, and prior to a shark attack maybe he said he saw lots of little fish. Probability would be that it was probably grunion, at least in this area. Grunion are small silver fish around four to five inches long that are known for their unique breeding habits. The female will come up at the peak of a high tide, bury themselves tail first up to their little fins or their gill slits, lay their eggs, up to 3,000 at a time, two to three inches below the surface. The males will come up, wrap themselves around the female, it'll fertilize the eggs. The eggs will stay there up to two weeks, till the next big high tide comes. And the turbulence caused by the wave actually causes the egg case to break. And the little grunions swim out. You can see grunion, grunion, so many grunion, literally you can't see the sand anymore. You just see a beach that's covered in silver, and it's shimmering like it's alive. It's just crazy. Obviously, that would be easy pickings and a tasty buffet for a predator. And there's one shark common to these waters that's particularly fond of grunion. Around here you're gonna find thresher, would definitely feed on 'em. Thresher sharks spend most of their time in deep water offshore, but sometimes visit coastal waters where they exhibit their unique feeding behavior. A thresher shark is a really cool shark. You can look at a thresher shark and half of its body is tail. And the reason half of its body is tail is they use that tail as a fishing mechanism. And what they do is they'll herd the fish with their tail into a really tight ball, and then they'll bite into that ball and feed. This hunting strategy could explain why Scott felt the shark wrap itself around his leg before biting down. Not only that, but another feeding behavior of the thresher might implicate it in the attack on Bettina Pereira. Thresher sharks will also swim in a circle and move towards the surface, and then they will leap out of the water. And when they land in the water, they take their tail and slap it. And that stuns the fish, and they can come back around and feed on it. So the attack pattern of the thresher shark could make it the prime suspect for the attacks on Bettina Pereira and Scott Barton. But what about Dave Martin's death? Is a thresher also capable of killing a swimmer? Even though we occasionally get a thresher in close to shore, thresher sharks have very small teeth. They seldom, if ever, attack marine mammals. They're not really capable, as far as their dentition, to tackle such an animal. Therefore a thresher could not produce those wounds. So while the thresher shark is a strong candidate for the attacks on Scott and Bettina, Dave Martin's killer is still mystery. And the biggest question still lingers... Why have there been so many encounters in locations that are normally considered safe? Lucas and I, we arrived at the beach about 15 minutes before sunrise. I waxed up my surfboard, and he waxed up his bodyboard, and then we headed out into the water. I met Lucas freshman year of high school. And he is just the most colorful character you will ever meet. Very loving, very accepting of everybody. Everyone's friend, a real people person. Lucas is having the time of his life. I watched him take this really big wave, and he comes by me, and he's just like making faces at me, 'cause he's on the wave and I'm not. And he was like, "Dude, I could fit a VW in that barrel." And I was like, wow, that's crazy. That is just nuts. And he just paddles right next to me, and then we just look out into the horizon waiting for the next set to come. And he made the comment that it seemed like we were in a different world almost, because it was just us, and it was a perfect beautiful day of waves, and it was just unreal. As we're waiting, I hear the water break behind me. Something just was coming out. And I looked over and it was a shark breaking the water. It just grabbed him. There was no test bite. He was hungry and hunting. I'm looking back, and I just see Lucas come over the top of a very, very large wave, all red, just completely red. And he took two big strokes, and then dropped lifelessly into the water. And then at that moment I realized that my friend was gonna die. I sprinted towards him to grab him and bring him home. I noticed he was missing his entire leg. There was just no blood on the beach. There was no more blood for him to bleed out. Desperately Matthew begins CPR. As I was doing compressions, water was coming out of his mouth, and I mean, eventually foam started to come out, and then he left me. Lucas's death sends the media into a frenzy and leaves the community in mourning. He is the latest victim in a series of shark attacks sweeping Southern California. Ralph Collier is drafted in to help investigate the incident. I was called by the authorities in Santa Barbara following the attack on Lucas Ransom. They asked if I could assist them in making a determination as to the species of shark and its size, and they also wanted to know what should be done to alleviate these types of events in the future. To do this, Ralph has devised an ingenious method. We discovered that by using clay, we get a dental impression. The distance between each individual tooth will relate well to not only the species of shark, but its size. In the case of Lucas Ransom, during the attack his surfboard had this piece removed. To determine the size and species of shark, in a case of a surfboard, we'll take a tracing where we will trace the surfboard. We place paper on the board, we use a pencil, and we trace over the paper. This gives us an impression of the bite. Here's a tooth puncture. A second, a third, a fourth, and so on down the side. These impressions give a clear indication of the species that killed Lucas Ransom. We were able to determine that the shark in his case was a great white, 16 to 17 feet in length. Growing up to 22 feet in length, great whites are the largest predatory fish on Earth, and can reach speeds of up to 35 miles per hour as they torpedo out of the water to take their prey. So could a great white also explain the mystery of Dave Martin's attack? Although the attack on Dave Martin was not predatory, the shark did not think he was food, he was still bitten a number of times before the shark left the area. In my opinion, this is typical of a certain behavior of great white shark. By all accounts, Lucas Ransom and Dave Martin were both killed by great white sharks. But there is a bigger issue at stake. Historically, it's believed that most attacks by great whites in California have taken place in the center of the state. The attacks on Lucas Ransom and Dave Martin occurred in the southern part of California. It doesn't make any sense. To try to understand why great whites might be attacking people in Southern California, Ralph Collier looks closer at its strange behavior in the case of Dave Martin. When it comes to interactions between sharks and humans, there are only three things that can take place. One is a predatory attack which is very high energy, very forceful. The second type is investigation where the shark takes a nibble to determine whether it's food or not. The last one we refer to as displacement behavior. That's when the shark is defending a territory, perceives you as a threat, so it strikes out at you to drive you away, to get you out of its area. In the case of Dave Martin, it was more of a displacement behavior, because it had nothing to do with feeding. Otherwise that shark would have removed tissue, and it didn't. And I think because Dave was a large man, larger than the individual next to him, he was singled out as a potential predator. But why would an apex predator like a great white shark see a swimmer as a threat? The behavior exhibited by the shark in the case of Dave Martin was a little bit different in that there was no consumption of any tissue. I think the shark was striking out as a way of clearing the area of a potential predator in case it's going to give birth. If great whites are using the south to breed, this could shatter the theory that a thresher shark attacked Bettina Pereira and Scott Barton. The feeding habits of newborn great whites are particularly important in the case of Scott Barton. Sharks store their excess energy in the form of an oil called squalene in their liver. When a juvenile white shark is born less than 10% of its body mass is the liver, which means it has very little reserve energy, so it has to start feeding immediately. In Southern California, we know every two weeks millions of grunion are going to spawn, providing that shark with a substantial amount of nourishment simply from the numbers of fish that are available to it. Scott Barton's attack occurred during a grunion spawn. When we gather all of this information and put it together, I don't think his was a thresher shark. I believe he was hit by a juvenile white shark. In the case of Scott Barton, the initial contact by the shark was investigation. There were lots of bait fish in the water, it saw something move, and it struck and knew that it had made a mistake and released him and swam off. The inquisitive nature of the white shark also matches the circumstances of Bettina Pereira's attack. So the way a white shark investigates an object is it will look at it. Sometimes they'll even bump it to feel the texture. Well, the last thing they do, is they put it in their mouth to take what I would refer to as an investigation or a test bite. Therefore, what occurred in Bettina's case was the shark came up and hit the kayak. And in doing so realized it wasn't what it thought, so it leveled out. As it leveled, its back made contact with the kayak, startled the shark and it flinched and shot forward, and in doing so catapulted her up into the air, and she ended up landing on the shark's back. Even though we had vastly different sized sharks and different potential motivations for these attacks, the species was exactly the same for all four cases. And the shark responsible was a white shark. But a more chilling question still lingers... When for so long the waters of Southern California were considered safe, why are great whites attacking people here? Originally the majority of the attacks that occurred along the California coast occurred within this designated area, which was rather limited, so it was given a nickname, the Red Triangle. So here we have the coast of California. The Red Triangle extends from this area out to the Farallon Islands and then south down Half Moon Bay, that area. In fact, about 40% of the attacks that had occurred along the Pacific Coast of North America had occurred within the Red Triangle. It was thought that the majority of the attacks in here were by white sharks, and that if you were outside this area, you were pretty much safe. However, what's surprising to me is that today we have cases in Southern California outside of this Red Triangle. Something's not right. Something has changed along this coastline of this state. An historic case from inside the Red Triangle might shed light on the danger spreading down California's coast. Well, this is the northern edge of The Red Triangle, Bodega Bay. A lot of people come to this beach for the surfing and picnicking and just playing in the sand. All my life I've been in the water, since I was a little kid. My dad commercial fished. You know, it's always been in my blood. Rodney is an experienced spear-fisherman and takes his board out hoping for a good catch. I wanted to shoot some fish. I was having fun. Actually, a harbor seal swam up to me and almost scared my suit off. But you know, I was comfortable, had no bad feelings or anything like that. I was on the surface, getting ready to make my first dive. I just kicked over and started down. As soon as I kicked under the water, it just snapped onto me fast. A massive great white has Rodney's head in its jaws. All of a sudden I could see the water down about three feet. So it had me with its head up out of the water carrying me south. My head was like stuck on a fork, and I couldn't move it. It sounded like a garage door closing. And then I realized the noise I heard were the teeth going through my bones. Rodney's head is stuck in the jaws of a massive great white shark. The thing was huge around, looked like a submarine. I don't think three of us could have reached around it. I couldn't pull my head out, I couldn't do anything, I had no control at all. As his life hangs by a thread, survival instincts kick in. I went berserk and started beating on it. I had the gun, and I whacked him on the head with it a couple times. And then all of a sudden it just spit me out. The shark has punctured holes in Rodney's nose and cheekbone. But despite his injuries, he manages to paddle back to shore. When I got close to the beach, I was about only 30 or 40 feet before people started noticing I was covered with blood. But I figured if I'm still alive, you're ahead of the game. This historic encounter from inside the danger zone of Central California could hold a clue to unraveling why attacks seem to be spreading down the coast. Rodney Orr was bitten in the Red Triangle in Central California. That's an area that is utilized by pinnipeds. Pinnipeds are seals and sea lions. They haul out there, they have rookeries there. There were more shark attacks in the area because the sharks were drawn to that area, because that's their natural prey. You and I go to the grocery store, they go to pinniped haul-out sites. This designated area was rather limited, because the sharks helped control the pinniped population, keeping the ecosystem balanced out there. So we had more shark attacks within that region. But Collier believes something has now upset the stability of this delicate ecosystem. We're in Carpinteria at a place called Carpinteria Bluffs. This is typical of most of the coastline of California. Carpinteria lies in Southern California over four hours south of the Red Triangle. 20 or 30 years ago seldom would you ever see a pinniped hauled out on a sandy beach like this, here in Southern California. Along of the California coast today we now see them. There's a perfect example. There's a couple of them there. The pinniped population has exploded for a number of reasons. One of the things that happened was the movie "Jaws" came out in the mid '70s. Well, suddenly white sharks were just a nuisance in most people's minds. They were now hunted. When we removed them, the pinniped population exploded. But an explosion in pinnipeds and a reduction in great whites should make the beaches safer. So why the sudden rise in shark attacks in the south? Nearly 15 years ago the White Shark Protection Act was passed here in California, which means you cannot go out and hunt them. So now today the white shark is slowly coming back, which is good. It's not so not good that now we're getting white sharks moving along the coast in Southern California following their food in areas like this that are utilized by humans. Dave Martin, Lucas Ransom, Scott Barton, Bettina, were all in areas that are utilized by pinnipeds. If the pinnipeds hadn't been there, there's a good chance the sharks wouldn't have been there. So it doesn't matter if you're in Northern California or Southern California, going into the water there's always the potential that you might have an encounter with a white shark. And so the fact that we have these interactions between white sharks and humans along this coast is not surprising. What is surprising is that we don't have more. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 