For All Mankind: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 For All Mankind 
 s1e8 - Rupture - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 For All Mankind (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Rupture - full transcript 
 NASA preps a Jamestown relief mission, while Karen waits for news at the hospital. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Mrs. Baldwin? Dr. Josephson. Hi, Karen Baldwin. Shane's mother.How's he doing? Is there a Mr. Baldwin? Yes. But he's unavailable at the moment. He's on the moon. He's on the-- Your husband is Ed Baldwin? Yes, he is. Can you please tell mehow my son is doing? -Please, sit.-I'm fine. I don't need to sit. I just wanna knowwhat happened to my son. Paramedics reported a motor vehicleto bicycle accident. Well, who hit him? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We don't know. The driver left the scene. A neighbor found him in the streetand called for an ambulance. He was wearing a basketball uniform. A basketball uniform? All right, so what did he break? Your son has sustained serioushead injuries. His skull was fractured,and there's bleeding in the brain. Wait. Wait. Wait. He what? We're doing our best to help him. He'sin surgery right now to drain the blood and to alleviate someof the pressure from his brain. No, he's in surgery? He's in-- 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 No, nobody asked me about surgery. Shane'snever been under anesthesia before. It's a lifesaving intervention,Mrs. Baldwin. We had no choice. I'm sorry. Lifesaving? What the hell is going on here? No.I thought he broke a bone or something. I know. It's okay. -No, this is not okay. This is not okay.-Let's just calm down. And if the surgery helps, and a lotof times it does, then that's a good sign. Shane is young,and youth is always on our side. Okay. Yeah. Shane is strong. I don't doubt it. He's gonna be just fine. Come with me. We have a privatewaiting area for family members. Okay. Yeah. No, he's gonna be fine. -We're doing everything we can.-Okay. -I'll keep you updated.-Thank you. Morning, sunshine. Morning, Dani. What's for breakfast today?Eggs, bacon, pancakes? I finally get a chance forsome peace and quiet, and they put you and Gordo on CAPCOM. Come on, Ed. You know you miss me. By the way, Steelers whompedthe Oilers again. Twenty-four to ten. Some things never change. Pastorini looked lost out there. All right, don't forget, Doc needs you to hook upto the biosensors again today and make sure to repairthe aux tank coupling. Yes, ma'am. It's all there in the readout. Yes, ma'am. Have a good one. It was Gordon "Gordo" Stevenswho safely piloted the capsule over 200,000 miles back to Earth, where he and Mrs. Poole landed safelyin the Pacific just last week. Gordo Stevens, a real American hero. Meanwhile,Ed Baldwin remains at Jamestown, the lone American on the moon. And we're here with the crew of Apollo 24, the astronauts taskedwith bringing him home alive. Harrison Liu, Deke Slayton and mission commander Ellen Waverly. I'm sorry, Ellen Wilson. Congratulations on your recent wedding. Thank you. For those out there who don't know it, Deke, you were one of the originalMercury guys, isn't that right? That's right. Over ten years ago. But this will be your first time in space. You were grounded for health reasons,right? And you became a bigwigover at NASA instead. But now you're cleared to fly, and I'm sorry, but I gotta ask,why aren't you commanding this mission? Ellen Wilson is a fine commander. I should know. I trained herand put her in charge of this mission. I'm sure she is. But some people feel Danielle Poole'sincident at Jamestown raises questions about the wisdomof having women living on the moon in such harsh conditions. Accidents happen.They're not gender-specific. Danielle Poole is a fine astronaut,and she handled herself well. One has to ask, have we gone too far, toofast, in rushing women into the program? If anything, Mr. Newsome,it's taken too long. I believe women should've been part ofthe space program from the very beginning. Do you feel that way, Deke? Do you believe women should've beenpart of the original Mercury 7? I believe... the mission commander is always right. Harrison, you will be on the moonwith Ellen for weeks, possibly months. Do you have any concernsabout her physical fitness to handle living on the moon? First, I prefer "Harry." Second,I just wanna say that the three of us have been training togetheras a crew for months. And I served with Ellen beforeon Apollo 19. I've come to not only respect, but to admire Ellenas mission commander and as an astronaut. I'm not worried aboutserving under her at all. Well, there you have it.Solidarity in space. When Grumman designedthe upgraded LEM for reuse, the autonomous piloting systemwasn't qualified for far-side operations. So once you dock with the LSAM,you'll be performing a system test of the lunar comm sat. That's fine. You guys finally made your minds upabout what our cargo load is gonna be? We're still working on that. What's the mystery? It's basically just 20,000 poundsof food and gas, right? 24,000 to be exact. I'm sorry if cargo is not at the topof our priority list what with us trying to certifya Saturn V for flight and all. Moving on to environmentalcontrol systems, the... Want to explain to me howI flew two Gemini missions, and now I'm backing up a chick,a geezer and a Korean? He's Chinese. Harrison. His family's from China. Even better. Remember when it used to beabout merit around here? How good you were. Now it's about the color of your skinor what's down between your legs. -How's it feel being back at work?-Good. Real good. Put me on CAPCOM for Jamestown. Danielle too. Figured we'd keep Ed in good spirits, seeing as we know what he's goingthrough better than anyone. So, yeah, things are pretty good. When you first came in here, Gordo,do you remember what I told you? That this only worksif you're completely honest with me. Okay, for one,I guess I'm worried about my wife. Okay. What are you worried about? Well, I don't know. It's just... latelyshe's been acting different toward me. This is Tracy? Yeah, Tracy. I told you she's an astronaut too, right? Yes, you've mentioned that. Yeah. Yup. You said Tracy's been acting different.Different how? Different. Like... while I was away, you know,she rented me an apartment, furnished it. And whenever I do something wrong,which lately feels like all the time, she tells me to go to my apartment. -Does she want a divorce?-Oh, no. God, no. Nothing like that. No. No, she just wants a little space,I guess. Well, how do you feel about the ideaof moving out of your own house? How do I feel? Not good. That's how I feel. You know. I don't wanna move out. It's my house.I wanna be there with my family. How does she feel about this? How do you think? She's proud of me.She's real proud. How long were you away? 145 days. You know, Tracy... She's going up real soon.Going with Molly Cobb. Oh, yeah,the first American woman in space. Yeah. Well, that must be quite an honorflying with her. Yeah, yeah,I don't know if Trace sees it like that. It's gonna be her first time up there. And her and Mollydidn't exactly get along. Anyway, they're gonna be repairinga satellite in Earth orbit. How long will she be away? Fourteen days, if things go as planned. It's just you can plan these things, you know, years and years, but, you know, then you get up there... Well, things can... They can just fall right apart on ya. What happened up there, Gordo? Shouldn't there be a couch in here? I'm never gonna play with Sidney again.He's mean and terrible. Oh, my. Now what hasSidney done that is so terrible? -Photosynthesis.-He said there was no Santa Claus. So that's why you love chocolate. -Even after I told him we know Santa---Come on. Focus, Anthony. The Great Oxidation Event iswhen the atmosphere first became... "oxynegedated"? Correct. And when did it happen? Like, two billion years ago. You've got to say the exact number. I'm sorry, Mommy, but that terrible... It's 2,500,000,000. 300. Everyone is entitled to believe inwhat they want. And incidentally, there's a 50/50 chanceyou might be wrong. Poor thing.It would be such a-- Esmeralda, don't! -Hey.-Hey. Making your famous popcornChristmas decorations. That's nice. How was work today? Good. You're a real son of a bitch. What? Where were you really? -At work.-I called JSC. And they said you left work early.So, who was it this time, Gordo? Jesus, Trace, I-- Why you calling JSC checking up on me? You know... to think I actually started to feel sorryfor you when you came back. I thought to myself, "You know what?Maybe I'm being too hard on him. Maybe I ought to cut him some slack." But who is she? What's her name? Dr. Marsten. Impressive. You're screwing a doctor. No, I'm seeing a psychiatrist, Trace. A man. Dr. Marsten. Okay? Wow. Really, Gordo? The shit you come up withto save your own ass. Unbelievable. I'm serious. Trace. Dr. Marsten. Jesus, Gordo. A psychiatrist? Yeah. Does anyone know? Does-- If NASA finds out, they'll ground you. I know. I've been real careful.I ain't told anyone. Just you. Gordo,what's got you seeing a headshrinker? I needed to... talk to someone. But you can talk to me. Or... maybe you can't. Is that the problem? That... you can't talk to me anymore? No, I just... Where did you find this doctor? Yellow Pages. Gordo. Hey. What happened to you up there? Nothing happened. One minute. Stevens' residence. Oh, my God. Is he okay? All right.I'll be there as soon as I can, okay? What happened? Shane's been in an accident. There's a large amount of regolithbeing kicked up. So they're definitely doingmore construction. I mean, it was difficult to seewhile I was setting up the camera, but judging from the amountof dust above the site... they could be adding a subterranean level. Well, that fits what we're picking upvia satellite reconnaissance. Heavy construction underwayat the Soviet base, but the images have been fairlyinconclusive as to what they're building. Did you see anything that mightlead you to believe that this could be of a military nature? Okay, let's not get out of hand here.Just because they're... We've talked about subterranean expansion. Could be anything.Natural protection from solar radiation-- What do you think, Captain? Well, they've definitely beenmore aggressive of late, sir. I've seen tracks from their rover onseveral locations around the crater rim. Well, you'll need to increaseyour surveillance effort. You are our eyes and ears up there. Can I remind you both that thisis not a military scenario. The president has been very clear that this base is aboutresearch and exploration. Would you excuse us for a moment, Captain? We are no longer in a researchand exploration world, Harold. I have the backing of the presidenton this, General. This is NASA, not the Pentagon. How long's this guygonna be stuck up there? Goddammit, tell me they figured it out. We need to get him back down here. This is starting to make me look likea real limp dick. Mr. President,there is a silver lining here. It's taking the attention offthe Florida situation. Yes, of course.I suppose that's a benefit. Karen. -Tracy. Hey.-I got here as fast as I could. How's he doing? I-- He's in surgery. Surgery? Why? For his head. It's his brain. His brain? He just bonked his head really bad. But the doctor saidthe surgery's gonna fix him right up. Karen,do you want me to talk to the doctor? No. No. Shane's gonna be just fine. He's young. We have the best doctorsin Texas working on him, so we have all that going for us. Yeah, he's a tough kiddo. Yeah. Thank you for bringing this. We'll just,you know, probably be here a day or two. I packed a change of clothesfor you and Shane. Toothbrushes. Your insurance card and your phone book. Wonderful. Thank you.I just need to call Marge and let her know I'm probably not going to makethe bake sale tomorrow. Hey, hon,you want me to take care of that for you? No, it's all right. It was inside our ice mining operation. Goddammit.They're encroaching on our territory. -Yup.-This is full encroachment. What do you think it is, Ed? Never seen anything like it, sir.Some kind of surveillance device. So, what should I do with it? Nothing. Leave it. Sir, you really think leaving a Russiandevice right next to our mining site is the right move here? We do not want an internationallunar incident. The president wants to avoidany provocative actions. Well, they're the onesbeing provocative, sir. And I'm the one alone up here with 'em. Now, we need to send them a messagethat this shit won't fly, that this is our territory. I concur. I understand your frustrations, gentlemen. And I can assure you I will be talkingto the president about this situation. But for right now, we do nothing. Understood? What time is it? Early. Is there any sign of the doctor? Thank you. You should go. You have sims today, right? I can delay it. No way.It's your first time in space, Tracy. I mean, your dream is coming true, right? You've worked so hard.So, you go and you finish training. I'm not leaving. Yeah? How was surgery? Sit. Typically, I ask for both parents to bepresent before I have this conversation. What conversation? But due to your extraordinarycircumstances-- Any conversation you need to have,you have with me right here, right now. Unfortunately, Mrs. Baldwin,because of the amount of time that passed between Shane's accidentand his arrival here at the ER, he lost a great deal of oxygento his brain. I don't understand. Doctor, is Shane okay? Shane is brain-dead.He's being kept alive on a ventilator. Brain-dead? I've never-- I don't... I don't know what that means. It's a relatively new term. It means that the brain isn't showingany signs of life on the EEG even though the heart is still beating. But isn't it too soon to call itbrain-dead, Doctor? He hasn't been here for very long. I'm sorry. I used to be an RN. I'm just trying to help my friendunderstand what's going on here. We'll repeat the EEG in six hours, but Shane isn't showing any signsof brain activity. -Mrs. Baldwin?-Yes? It's extremely unlikely that your sonwill ever recover from his accident. You know, 24 hours ago... my son was eatinga peanut butter and jelly sandwich, and he was talking to me about which baseball cardshe was gonna trade his best friend. And now you tell me that his brain is dead and it's extremely unlikelythat he'll ever recover? Well, do you know what elseis extremely unlikely? A man stepping foot on the moon. And that's where my husband is.200,000 miles away alone on the moon. So don't tell me what'sextremely unlikely. If you don't mind... I'm gonna get a second opinion. That's a good id--That's a great idea, Karen. -Yeah. You have Deke's number, right?-I do. I wanna make sure you understandthe gravity of your son's condition. If you don't mind, I'd like to havea private conversation with my friend. Thank you, Doctor. I'm sorry. Dammit. Why didn't I think of this sooner? It's okay. Okay, let's call Deke. Get the number for NASA's neurologist.He's the best in the country. Dr. Weddle. Okay. Trace, I'm gonna go see Shane. Okay. I'll be right here. -Okay.-Okay. Deke, hi. It's Tracy. What's his prognosis? Unclear. Neurosurgeon's on his wayto give him a second look. We need to tell Ed. Absolutely not. Captain Baldwin is up there all alone. Who knows how he's going to react? That's a risk we can't affordto take right now. I agree. If it were me up there,I wouldn't wanna know. What good is it gonna do telling himbad news he's got no control over? He can't change a damn thingabout what's going on down here. I'm telling you, all of you,I know Ed, and he'd wanna know. Well, I don't know if that'sthe only consideration here. There have been several studies onthe effects of psychological turmoil during high-pressure situations. We have to calculatethe psychological risks-- This isn't some equation, Margo.It's his son. He has a right to know.He's up there all alone. Exactly. He's alone,isolated, with no one to lean on. -You can't just hide this type of---It would be a mistake. Have you talked to his wife? Have any of you talked to his wife? I'm hearing a lot ofdifferent opinions here, and I'm not saying any of them are wrong, but she knows Ed best. It ought to be her callwhether or not we tell him. Absolutely not. With all due respect, Karen... I think Ed deserves to know.And I know he could handle it. What would we even tell him at this point,Deke? We don't really know what's going on.The doctors here are all gloom and doom, but from what Dr. Weddle said onthe phone, Shane could still recover. He said that? He said that this brain death thingis such a new concept that most of the doctors don't evenreally know what they're talking about and we shouldn't do anything until he getshere and gets to conduct his own tests. Well, that sounds like good news. I think so. And Dr. Weddle's the bestneurologist in the country. I know my Shane. He can beat this. Are you sure you don't wanna tell Ed? I think that he would wanna know. Not until we know more. Deke, you wouldn't wanna be lockedalone in a room and know what I know. You know how Ed gets. You're scheduled to talk with him soon.Should we cancel or-- No. I've never missed a call. And he would know something's wrong. I'll figure out what to say later onwhen the time comes. Okay. I'm heading back to the Cape later today.Marge is here. Anything you need... Anything. Thank you. I'll bring him home, Karen. Godspeed. It's time. You gonna be all right? Of course. And what about you? You must be exhausted. I'll be fine. I know this isn't how you imagined it,but... I'm proud of you. Four more days, Deke. You are going to the moon. Sorry I'm late. Second time. The bus got held up. After it dropped me off,I ran all the way here. The bus, huh? What's that? What? That necklace.You weren't wearing that last week. It's nothing. It looks like a varsity ring. Just something a friend gave me. Did he also give you that hickeyon your neck? I was really looking forward to today,Aleida. To telling you your lifeis gonna change in a big way. But I don't know.You're making it awfully hard because now we have to talk aboutthe fact that you just lied to me. What do you mean,my life is going to change? The Kennedy Math and Science Program.Is it... Open it and see. It says I got in. Am I right? Is that what this means? "Accepted into two advanced tracks. Mathematics and physics." Yeah, you made the cut. Oh, my God. Congratulations. You're holding a ticket tothe best universities in the country. I can't believe this is happening. And you transfer to the Kennedy schoolright after first of the year. -That soon?-Is that a problem? No. No, it's just... What? It's all the way across town. I'll have to leave... all my friends. So you'll make new ones. Can I finish the year at Ballardand transfer to Kennedy in the fall? Aleida,this is a very competitive program. Kids from all over the countryare fighting to get in. There might not be an opening in the fall. Well, I can go in the spring, maybe. If that's what you want,it's fine with me. We don't have to do this anymore.You know, you go for it. You think I don't have a millionother things I could be doing now? There's a lot going on right now. I'm sorry. Ms. Madison, of course,I wanna keep doing this. Then you need to focus. You wanna be an engineer, you'renot gonna have time for anything else, because you're gonna have to workten times harder than the boys. You don't just have to be on time,you have to be early. Put everything else aside. You have to choose, Aleida. You have to decide whatyou want your life to be. Hi, Papa. There you are. How was the time with Ms. Margo? Good. It was good. Good. Well, go wash up. Hurry. Dinner will be ready in ten minutes. Okay. ¿Bueno? Sí, un momento. Aleida! Aleida! That boy is on the phone for you. The boy. Two minutes. Okay, Papa. Hello? Real sorry to hear about your son,Ms. Baldwin. Forgive me. Do I know you? Jerry Biddle, Houston Sentinel.Do you mind if I ask you a few questions? Yeah, she absolutely does.So get the hell outta here. Just trying to do my job, ma'am.That's all. Get the hell outta here. Out! Goddamn vultures. You all right? I should've known it was only a matterof time before the press got wind of this. Don't you worry, Karen. I willcall Shorty, and we'll take care of it. -All right.-Yeah. Thank you. Hey, Karen, hon. You sure you'restill up for a phone call with Ed? That's now? Yeah. Yes, of course. I just wanna-- I'm gonna maybe freshen up my hairand my makeup. Do you know where my bag is? -Sweetheart.-Yes? Do you want me to drive you to JSC? I'll take her. You stay with the girlsand wait for the doctor. -Are you sure? Tracy, you've done so much.-I'm sure. Thank you. Okay. Thank you, Marge. Look after my boy. All right. And the carpenter saidit's going to be an extra $20 just to repair that part of the fence. Twenty dollars? I mean-- Mr. Graham refuses to takeany responsibility, of course. He refuses, huh? Well, when I get back, that sumbitchis gonna be trimming back that tree. I guarantee it. Of course. All right. Hey, how did the game go? The... Shane's basketball game. Yeah, yeah. No, it was good. Yeah? Did he play? In the game, did he--Did he get time on the court? Karen, you okay? Yeah, yeah. I'm fine. I'm tired.I've been fighting this head cold, so... Shane was... He had... He had a good game. Yeah? Yeah, he did. He did. -It was great.-It was great? Yeah. I could see he was nervous at first,of course. He was biting his lower liplike he always does... even though I tell him not to,but he doesn't listen to me. No. It was a home game. So, he was in his dark jersey. You know,the one with the stripes on the side? Yeah. He looks good in that color. Wish I had a photo of him wearing it. I can see him running around on the courtout there while he's playing and... he's getting so big. Yeah. But he still pulls his socks upto his knees, you know? Like he's a little boy. Yeah. Even though he's not and... He used to be so tiny, right? So tiny. Yeah. You remember when he was born? I mean, I could hold him in one hand. I remember. He's growing up so fast. So fast. And he's always in a hurryto get somewhere, like he... doesn't have enough time. You know, I'm always telling him,"Just slow down." You know? "Go easy. Don't be so impatient. There's plenty of time." Yeah. So, who won? What? Who won the game? Well, we did. Damn right we did. That's my boy. Yeah. Sorry, I'm tired. It's been a long day. No, it's been a long everything. Yeah, I know. Ten more days to go. -Can't wait.-Me too. I love you, Ed. I love you too, baby. Did I just do something unforgivable? You did what you had to do. If he... you know? What if he just... Just drive, okay? Troubling reports out of Houston today. We have received informationthat while Captain Edward Baldwin remains stranded on the moon, his young son has been hospitalizedfor an undisclosed accident. A NASA spokesman said that the Baldwin family deserves privacyin this trying moment. Listen up, everyone. I know a lot of you are thinking aboutEd Baldwin and his son right now, but it is important we go about businessas usual and focus on our jobs. That is the best thing we can do for him. In discussing it with his family,the determination has been made to keep Ed's focus on Jamestownand the moon, where it needs to be. So we all need to be very careful in howand what we communicate with him, especially now that the presshas got ahold of this. Nothing is to be said to Captain Baldwinabout the situation down here. Do either of you havesomething you wanna say? Yeah. Okay. I don't think it's right. Me and Dani, we're the ones talking to himevery day. Can't just ask us to lie. That's exactly what I'm asking you to do. And if you are unable or unwilling,then we will find someone who is. It's not that simple. We were up there with him for 145 days.We have been through-- I... understand. But this is at the request of his wife. And we are gonna respecther wishes in this situation. Karen wants it this way? Well... all right. Houston. It's Jamestown. You there? Jamestown, Houston. Reading you loud and clear. I just got a messagefrom the Russian base. Roger that. What's the message? It's for me. It's got my name on it. It says,"Deepest sympathies about your son." What the hell's that supposed to mean? Maybe something got lost in translation. You think they heard me talk to Karen about Shane's basketball gameor something? I mean, they could be monitoringour communications. Could be. You think they're screwing with me? Hello? Right here. Got me. I... I have no idea what they're up to. "Deepest sympathies about your son."These Russian bastards. Wanna distract me? Want me to startworrying about things back home? Want me to start worrying about my son?I mean, my son! This is low, even for them. Ed. We shouldn't start to speculateon motives here. I'm heading out to the mining site.Jamestown, out. Mrs. Baldwin, I'm Dr. Weddle. I'm so sorry. I have checked your son's condition,and there's nothing more I can do for him. The amount of brain trauma, in combination withthe time before treatment, unfortunately led to total brain death. No! No! Ed. Ed, are you there? I need you. Karen? It's Shane. -Sorry.-It's okay. Let's go inside. Okay. Karen? Yeah. What are you doing? I'm getting a head start onthe funeral arrangements. Ed wants to be buriedat the Naval Academy, but technically he only qualifiesfor interment if he makes flag rank, and there's nothing in hereabout children, so maybe I just-- I need to ask for anexception from the superintendent and... You don't have tothink about this right now. Funeral's not gonna plan itself. And if Annapolis is a no, I need to finda local cemetery that can take Shane, 'cause I don't-- Karen. I mean... it's only been a few hours. Tracy. If you need to cry, that is fine. But I need you to do it somewhere else. This isn't... Ed, it's Gordo. Come on. Are you there? Talk to me, Ed. Let me know that you're all right. If you're listening to me... 24 will be there soon. We're gonna get you back here. Okay? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 