Call Me Fitz: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Call Me Fitz 
 s1e7 - Diving Bell and the Barbara - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Call Me Fitz (2010–2013): Season 1, Episode 7 - Diving Bell and the Barbara - full transcript 
 Hoping to take advantage of spousal privilege, Fitz proposes to a comatose Babs, believing it will prevent her morse-code testimony. In an attempt to placate Larry, Fitz makes him his Best Man. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 There are many obstacles a man faces on the long road to salvation. Life is a struggle. And for the longest time, it was one I thought I would endure on my own. And then... you appeared. I never realized how empty my life was until I met you. The debauchery, the philandering. But you never judged me. And I know we've never really talked, but 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 it feels like you've known me forever. I'm not... proud of my past. But I also know that who I was is what brought me here to this moment. And I'm not going to let a little thing like locked-in syndrome stand in the way of our love. So, Babs Devin, I'm just a guy, standing in front of a... largely... comatose woman, asking her to marry me. Is that a yes? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Do you even know what I'm saying? Is that a "Yes, you'll marry me" or a "Yes, you know what I'm saying?" I'll just take that as a yes. Hello, frownie. What are you doing here? Trying to unplug her? If you must know, I came by to apologize to your mother. We had a very nice heart-to-beep conversation. Apologize? You? Unlike some members of the Devin family, your mother has the capacity for forgiveness. You expect me to believe you? As your mother might say, "Beep beep." You came to the right service department. Those guys over at Bob's Lube World can't plan a wedding for shit. - You've planned a wedding before? - I organized security for a sheik's public deflowering of his 100th virgin, same diff. How many people are you planning on inviting? No invites, no one else. Just a license, a minister and a couple witnesses. We got to move fast on this. If Babs' hot, frigid daughter finds out what I'm up to, - there won't be a wedding. - Hot... frigid daughter. Now... what about the bachelor party? 10 Texas mickeys, is that enough? I spent a night in a Texas prison in '06, I think it's enough. How did things go with Ms. Devin? Fine. All-Asian stripper theme: That should lend a certain charm. That's it? Just fine? Was it one beep or two? - Mexican strippers. - Did she agree not to testify? - She's not testify? - You don't want strippers? Both of you, shut the fuck up. Josh, listen: Thai strippers, Cuban cigars, French ticklers, Filipino bud, Texas mickeys. Larry, fuck off. You're planning a bachelor party. Shit. - You're not even... - Larry, I hate to admit it but you've taught me to look beyond the superficial. Sometimes, you... find love in the most unexpected places. I'm marrying Babs Devin and... I want you to be my best man. Him? This is wrong. How am I supposed to believe you're telling the truth? About love? About actually caring for that poor woman? Believe it. You've changed me. You have no idea how much this means to me. - First order of best man business. - Matching tuxedoes. The bachelor party. I never had a decent birthday as a kid and Christmas always sucked ass. Do you know why I didn't care? Because Fitzpatricks always save it for the bachelor parties, and wakes. This isn't just a list. It's the ingredients for my perfect night. Don't fuck this up. Never. There's a customer waiting to test drive the Cavalier but it only has 3 wheels. I have a customer that's waiting to test drive your face. After Hitler's declaration of war, German forces invade and occupy the... - You're home early. - You seen my birth certificate? Why? I'm getting hitched. Excuse me? I sit here alone, day in and day out with my bikini waxed and the sincere desire to love and you... Relax, it's a scam. If Babs Devin is my wife a little thing called. - "Spousal privilege" kicks in. - Anal? She can't testify against me, something to do with the sanctity of marriage or some shit. God, it's always win-win with you. Even barely-conscious women want to bang you. I can't even get a date. Why don't you just... No. I won't... because... just won't cut it. I'm a very needy person. I need to be... held. - I need to be made love to. - I didn't grow a vagina in the last 5 minutes, so I'm gonna cut this conversation short. What are you guys talking about? Video games. Video games where people masturbate? They make those? What are you doing? Have you started looking for somebody to officiate the ceremony? Why don't you get Larry to it? He's your best man, isn't he? He has to be. If he finds out why I'm really getting married, he'll put the kibosh on it. "You can't marry the comatose woman" whose life you recklessly endangered "just to stay out of prison." - That was pretty good. - Not nearly as good as this shit I got from the best dealer in town. I gave you that stuff. Yeah, like I said, the best dealer in town. I don't want to go to prison, Josh. I know what you're trying to do. Nope. Okay, just one little hit. This shit's good. - Did you light this or did I? - Listen, Josh, I got a really important job for you. I need you to find me a minister, ASAP. Best man update: Bachelor party starts at 7:00. Look sharp but don't wear anything you don't want to roll on the floor 'cause things are gonna get messy. You made Larry your best man? Babs and I have known each other for a... good time but not a long time, if you know what I'm saying. Well, I only got to know Babs after she fell into the coma. No, I'm not implying that I fucked her while she was in the coma. Oh, come on, like it's worse than what you guys do. Hello? Father Grey? It's not true, is it? No, it's not. I'd have known Josh's messing with me telling that you were getting married. - That. Yeah, that's true. - You said that it wasn't. That's when I had no idea what you were talking about. You wouldn't happen to know a minister or a rabbi maybe? What? Hey, you're the one that wanted to keep it all professional. Fuck you, dickface. You look like a girl who could use a drink. You smell like a girl who's had a few already. I need some girl talk. You want booze or not? Damn straight. Let's hit this. Oh, here's one. No wait, I have to be 18. Damn it! How am I supposed to relax and enjoy my bachelor party when I don't have a minister for my wedding? What's a bachelor party? Justin, a bachelor party is the most magical night in a man's life. It's like... an amusement park, a live sex show and a condemned man's last meal all rolled into one. You get to taste and touch and... love... longer... and harder and faster than you ever have before. The stories I shouldn't tell you. One of the best ones ever: We prison tattooed a penis on to the groom's forehead. His wife was so pissed. It was fantastic. Boy, I can't wait to flush my life down the toilet if it means I get to have a bachelor party. You got a suit? Giddy-up. One more time: What are the rules? No trying, no whining, you can touch if you pay. You got that right. This party's gonna be old school, classy, martinis, Sinatra, just got to have Fitz in the mix and ring-a-ding-ding. Surprise! - What the... - Fuck! - Slushy? - I want my strippers, Larry. You said you wanted your dream party and you never had a birthday party as a child, so voil?! Birthday party? This could be my last night as a free man and you give me a kids party? What? Strippers, ecstasy, Sinatra, stat. And? You're the best man. And? And what, Josh? And I knew that Larry wouldn't buy your story for getting married. - Fuck, Josh. - What do you mean? I'll get started on the strippers. The classic car salesman scam? Shine up the grill so I wouldn't notice the rusted-out brakes? You never intended to try to make it work with Babs! It doesn't matter now. I can't find a minister to marry us so I'm screwed. And I get to spend my last hurrah as a free man with you. Hurrah! Smart to phone me. I added some fail-safes to prevent tampering. I know how important it is to maintain the integrity of this system since it will be used for official testimony. It's working fine. Maybe he was telling the truth. - Who you calling? - My man on the inside. Don't tell her about the bachelor party, don't tell her about the party. Fitz is marrying Babs Devin. Fuck. I should have known better. He wasn't here to apologize to her. I'm such a fool. He's a master in female manipulation. All he leaves in his wake are shattered lives. No way in hell is he marrying my mother, not an option. - What are you going to do? - Find some way to stall him so I get her moved to a private facility tomorrow. Let's break his legs. I know six ways to make it look like it was an accident. I got a better idea. No last-minute strippers, unless you want a pregnant one. They're more expensive. It costs the same as a duo. Screw this. I got to find a priest. How'd you get in here? Private function. I said I was family. So, why the big celebration? Is it someone's birthday? It's my retarded co-worker's idea of a bachelor party. Bachelor party? - Who's about to die? - If you must know, me. Then let me get you a drink. You're being nice for a woman who wouldn't piss on my corpse a couple days ago. It's amazing how much an apology to my mom will get you. Come on, we're getting dry. Unfortunately, the bar is closed. Where there's a will... there's a way. Fitz doesn't drink alone. Fucking men. Selfish shit. I mean, how heartless can somebody be? To just use you like that and then just toss you aside? I always pegged you as the dumb blonde. But you're actually a conscientious brunette who recognizes the needs of others. And you could use a touch-up. You're so much better without my brother. The night before my wedding, he tattooed a penis on Saul's forehead. That's mean. - Why didn't we do this sooner? - I know. - You're awesome. - You're awesome. Party's over. The party is never over. I always wanted a sister. Me too. Do sisters always hug this long? I've got a great idea. "Thanks for nothing, Larry! I'll just do whatever I want, marry a vegetable." Have some of this punch. It's cold but it makes my belly warm. It's delicious. Come on, tell me about her. Who is the woman who swept you off your feet? Nothing much to tell. Discretion. It must be true love. To monogamy. To hell with that. Come fly with me, baby. - How about one more drink first? - First we dance, then we drink. What kind of bachelor party is this? I think we can still find some fun. Thank you. There are three things I do better than any man you'll ever meet. One is sell cars. Two is dance. And as for three, you'll have to use your imagination. So, this is her plan? I want to report some underage drinking at the DUI. Thank you. Selling cars is nothing to brag about. Selling cars is a means to an end. I want to open my own place, a real sexy rat pack kind of place. You have a dream? You have no idea. - Is this the way you roll? - First guy that gives you a slushy, you ditch your friend? - Slut! - Hi, Mom. Shit. Is that my kid? I hope he's not tattooed. Nice parenting. You want to take this outside? Bring it, red. Now, about that third thing. Use your imagination. I have, and we were fabulous together. My man. Strippers! Ladies... Let's go. That's it, come on. Officer, there's obviously been some misunderstanding. Yours. - You amaze me. - What? Trying to get me to sleep with you after you've already tricked my mother into marrying you. In my defence, I am pretty drunk. Now you can nurse your hangover behind bars instead of at the altar. You did this, didn't you? This is what they call serendipity. I wanted to get you drunk enough that you wouldn't marry my mother, but now you're going to rot behind bars while I move her to a private facility and you're never going to see her again. You thought you could hide behind spousal privilege. Who brought you here? What, entrapment now? She did. What? Take her downtown too. You got to be kidding me. - Didn't see that coming. - Come on. Fitz is the enemy. You've got the wrong girl. Wait, why are you taking me? We should do this again sometime. That was fun. You know what? You're really ungrateful. Now's not the time to grow a spine, Larry. It's my turn to speak. You think it's easy being your conscience? It's not, mister, because you're a very bad man. Do you ever stop to think that if you're my conscience, and you're sitting over there, there's no more conscience left up here. All the bad things I do, it's kind of your fault. Why don't you listen to me once in a while? Just talk to me, include me, maybe then you'd be happy. Or at least not charged with attempted vehicular manslaughter. For God's sakes, Larry, haven't you ever been sick before? Throw your tie over your shoulder so you don't get spaggle on it. Thank you. That was a very considerate piece of advice. If I can get you out of here, get you to the hospital and married to Babs Devin, make this whole car accident thing go away, do you promise me that you will listen to me from now on? Even if you could get us out, where are we going to find a minister in time? I'm a minister. Would you perform a wedding ceremony for us? Get me out of here, I'll let you shit on my chest. What you do, Fitz? Bribe him? Don't be so crass. Larry gave the guy a sweet deal on a Cavalier. Still think selling cars is nothing to brag about? Say goodbye to daddy. I want my fucking phone call! Sounds like someone's begging for a tasering. Larry, what the fuck did you drink? - I don't know but it was delicious. - Get out of my backseat! Do it now! I'm so sorry. Oh my God. Are you okay? Take my hand. Fuck! I don't have a ring. Maybe that hot nurse I used to bang will lend me her wedding ring. - You banged a married woman? - Not now. I got a ring! You really are my best man. - Here. - Thank you. Marriage is the most sacred bond. And like all knots, it only works when it is cinched tightly. To bind together two people, we use the rings, symbolic handcuffs, if you will. Can we cut to the chase? I do. And do you, Mrs. Devin, take this master to be your lawfully wedded husband? Stop the wedding! I do. My God, they're married. Synced by Monkeymann 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 