Call Me Fitz: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Call Me Fitz 
 s1e10 - The Kidney Stays in the Picture - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Call Me Fitz (2010–2013): Season 1, Episode 10 - The Kidney Stays in the Picture - full transcript 
 Reeling from the Ali debacle, Fitz has a new plan to get rid of Larry: if he's good for once, there'd be no need to have a conscience. Larry would finally leave him alone. So Fitz sets up a charity drive for Ned the cripple - not a kid, but a curmudgeonly middleaged guy in a wheelchair. And to prove he's really altruistic, he promises to give Ned a kidney. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 There are certain things in life a man just can't do without. Some of them are happy necessities. Others are more like a disease, filthy vices that threaten to bring you down. It's life. Think about it. Everybody needs somebody, right? That French president has that hot wife, I got you... Fuck, it stinks in here. Don't blame the carpet rot. That's unrequited love you're smelling. For fuck's sakes, this may be a lot of things, but it ain't love. Let me tell you about love. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The filthiest vice of all. Makes you weak, like a night of cheerleaders. Lots and lots of cheerleaders. Richard Fitzpatrick is many things, but he's no junkie. Seriously, is there a rehab for giving a shit? - Good morning. - Please die. Wait. You're mad, I get it. You put yourself out there emotionally and legally when you helped Ali Devin bury her mother and you were rejected. Were you born stupid or was it an acquired skill? Don't misdirect your emotions. Ali will forgive you, especially if you promise not to build your lounge over her mother's corpse. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Who says I want another shot with that broad? You and Ali, you had a good thing going. Kind of. Been there, screwed that. I know you don't mean that and I honestly think... Please, tell me what you honestly think. I'm dying to hear your "never put your dick in a vagina" perspective. Come on, enlighten me. Shut up. Ali was a conquest, and to be honest, she wasn't that good. I don't believe you. Scratch the surface and only one thing's going to bleed. You're the reason things got fucked up with Ali andmy life's in the shitter. - I want you gone. - And that's all I want too, Richard. Don't you know how hard this is for me? I've got other things I'd like to be doing, but mitigating the collateral damage of your narcissistic navel-gazing is a full-time job. If you could just show me one act of altruism, one good deed... - You'd leave? - No. But I'd be willing to take a weekend off. If you ladies are done kissing. You already know of our fine quality inventory and money back guarantee. - Death to high prices! - Death! Do you know what is our most precious asset of all? It is you, the citizen. That is why we at Ruptal Motors shall devote the Lord's Day this weekend- Friday. To a charity event benefiting taut children, and you, the citizen. Bring in your toy for a taut child and get 10% off a new used car. - For charity! - For children! - For charity! - For children! Those sand monkeys are onto something. And it's smarter than anything you idiots have come up with. We need a plan. It's a no-brainer. We fight fire with fire. If the Ruptals use charity, we out charity them so bad they'll wish they'd stuck to roadside bombing. Our own charity event is not totally stupid. - Larry, you take care of it. - Larry? It was my fucking idea. You don't know squirt about doing good for anyone except yourself. If we're going to convince the public we give this touchy-feely stuff, I need someone in touch with his inner twat. I won't let you down, sir. You want a hit? Only thing I want to hit is that beanpole mother fucker. Going on about how he's my conscience, and he does all to make me look good. Only help he gives is solely designed to make him look good. Self preservation, bro. It's a basic law of physics. You're high. Or brain-damaged. Larry says he's your conscience, ergo it's not in his best interests to let you be nice, because then you might become good. And if that happens... - Bye bye, Larry. - Exactly. I got it. Great idea, Sonya. Because balloons are fun and blood is red, so people are going to think that giving blood is fun. That is exactly what I thought. A blood drive? - Boring. - No, this is a can-do project, and we're busy, so if your criticism can't be constructive, then you can just shoo. You think the old man is right, that I don't care about anyone but myself. - Yep - I didn't say that. You know what? I'll show you fuckers. No one in this dump's as charitable as me, because a charity is like any other sale. If you want a fish to give you their money, you've got to hook them in. Seafood, Richard? These are people's lives we're talking about, people in need. Exactly my point. Look at him. He's adorable. Crippled and pathetic. Let's raise money for gimpy there. He's the one who needs our help. But everybody hates that guy. All the more reason to help him. You see? I'm listening to your advice. Altruism, good deeds. Get me another one, asshole. Shouldn't the Fitzpatrick Motors poster boy be a little more... boylike? Don't be so short-sighted. Ned's perfect invalid for Fitzpatrick Motors. A little banged up, but with a lot of heart. Who wants a pretzel? You want a fucking pretzel? You're really serious about helping him? Hand to God, Larry. That's your crotch. Is everything okay? You've been with a lot of guys, right? Not really, no. Don't be so modest. We're modern women. We can have loose morals now. Actually. Just Olaf from my hometown and your brother. Sure, and all the other guys. Is there a point to this? I need a man in my life. I've tried everything. The bars... Everyone says that you never find true love: - True love finds you. - Maybe in romantic comedies, but this is real life, where the handsome guy never picks the perky redhead over the plastic blonde. I will help you find a guy. It's my mom's idea. Have to pay the medical bills somehow, right? Actually kept us going for a while, but cripples are like puppies: Adorable when we're young, but then we get bigger and people get mad at us for pissing on the floor. It's happening. You poor boy. What happened? I'm 15, hitting the slopes high on life and some killer chronic. I meet this bunny on the chairlift. About halfway up, she tears open my snow pants, starts polishing my pole. I knew there was a reason I loved this guy. Next thing I know, I'm headfirst in a tree, spine snapped in three places. At least you got one last knob job before you bit it, right? Great, memories. That'll get me through the day. I've spent my entire adult life with my face at ass level. I need 24-hour assistance, but all I can afford is this mute fucker here. He cleans up my piss and shit all day. How's that university degree working out for you? Your story is heartbreaking and I want to help. What do you need? Can't fix my legs, but a new kidney would give me a few more years. We're going to do whatever it takes to help you. Those dumb fucks are going to care about Ned Lutz for a change. Well, perhaps we can start by not calling people dumb fucks. Whatever you say, dumb fuck. Where is everyone? Remember it's the thought that counts. No, this is bull shit. I gave Josh the flyers to distribute... - Oh, fuck. - There's always next weekend. Fuck you. Go find yourself another gimp to dry your tears on. Ned, wait, wait. Hang on. I may know a guy who can help us get this show on the road. CBWJ, the daily all request station. Jerry, it's Fitzy. Remember that sweet ride I put you into? - Yeah, what was her name again? - How the fuck should I know? It's time to return the favour. I need a couple of minutes of airtime. I've got an important announcement. Nicola. Yeah, it was Nicola. Hold the line, buddy. - Turn up that radio. - 10-4 back door. Got one of CBWJ's friends on the line, Richard Fitzpatrick from Fitzpatrick Motors. Got a request? I've got a request. I want the people of this town to open up their hearts, Jerry. I'm down here at Fitzpatrick Motors with my friend Ned Lutz. - Ned isn't a handsome man. - Fuck you. Nor is he a nice man. What Ned is, is an adult screwed by the system. One human being, a decade of prejudice and neglect. Ned deserves a second chance here, but he can't do that without our help. He needs the money for a new kidney and I'm not going to rest until he gets it. It's the kind of guy I am. Are you seriously asking people to donate money so that you can buy Ned a kidney? - Isn't that illegal? - Not if someone gives it to me. You know, put the "do" in "donation". We just need money to help cover the cost of the surgery, because... Because I'm gonna give him one of mine. I have two of those, right? - What are you doing? - You heard it here first, folks. Richard Fitzpatrick is giving a dying man one of his kidneys. That's not all we're giving away. We're practically giving away cars, So come on down to Fitzpatrick Motors. How's that for altruism, fucker? You're giving that guy a kidney? - You never give me anything. - Will you relax? The chances of a total stranger being a compatible donor are one in a billion. Meanwhile, I've proven myself to be a caring and compassionate person made the old man some cash and best of all, Larry will be out of my life. You could still give me something from time to time. Just saying. Everyone, I want to say something. Yesterday I was just another worthless cripple that nobody cared about because I wasn't pretty enough for mainstream media. Well, today that's all changed, and it's thanks to this man. Let's not get ahead of ourselves, folks. There's still a lot of tests to be done. I hear it's just a very simple blood test. Which my nurse will handle personally. And, God forbid, - what if I'm not a match? - Thanks to the anti-rejection drugs, that's practically impossible. - What are you doing? - Making sure you don't back out. You've given me the greatest gift of all: The gift of life. With the help of his friends to see it through. Way to go, Fitzy! Say your goodbyes, piss nugget. What are you looking for? A relationship, something casual? A relationship with lots of casual sex? I don't think that's possible. He'll do. Hello. Let's try to find somebody who shares your interests. Do you have any hobbies? Power walking. It's an Olympic sport. Anything else? I signed up for a taxidermy workshop. Sure. I guess guys wouldn't mind having you do their taxes. Not taxes. My God, you're so dumb. Taxidermy. Like stuffed animals. It's like teddy bears for grownups. It's awesome. Power walking... - Taxidermy... - Holocaust documentaries. Love 'em. You know what, let's start with him. Great. Go get him. What? I told you I needed your help getting a guy, so... Fetch. I'm totally not joking. Now. No drinks for you. - You're giving away a kidney. - Quit around. Don't. Thanks, jerkwad. Now I'm nauseous. That's not nausea, that's guilt. And you know why? Because deep down you know you're not going to go through with this. Contrary to popular opinion, I actually do give a shit about crap. - Really? - Yeah. If you really want to make a difference in that man's life, you won't have this drink. How come every time I try to do something good you tell me to be bad? That's not true. What's this? I'm trying to prove a point. And yet all you've done is proven mine. You don't want me to be good, because if I change, you'll be out of a job. That's what I thought. All night long he was, "When's your friend back? "What's her name? Does she have a security system?" Did you tell him? Like I'm going to wrap him up in a bow and just give him to you. You can have any guy you want, obviously. Why can't I have just one? What about the internet? Isn't everyone finding their soulmate online these days? Just pathetic people who post misleading photos and lie about their age and take you to Burger King, you can't have anything because you're gluten intolerant, and you have to sit for three hours and listen to stories about their cats! Or so I've heard. Don't worry. Love will find you. I promise. What do you know? You're still carrying a torch for my degenerate brother. We're good to go. Tomorrow morning. I'll keep you posted. There he is. There's my saviour. - Still feeling it? - You know it, pal. - So what did the blood test say? - Good news, amigo. Of course it is. We're a perfect match. He says genetically we could've been separated at birth. You're not having second thoughts? I'm feeling a little feverish, that's all. Check him. It's okay. It's probably nerves. Or the DTs. Don't sweat it. In a couple of days you'll be high on some painkillers. Plus think of all the hero sex you're gonna score. The address for the clinic. They want us there at 5:00am for prep. See you tomorrow. Don't do anything I wouldn't do. Fuck. Nice beaver. What? Thank you. Nice cock. This is an armadillo. Right. Easy. Just follow the light. Good. Any other symptoms you can tell me about? Light-headed, tired, nauseous. I've got this wicked sore on my balls. I'm not a urologist or anything, but I'm sure you've got syphilis. Can I still donate a kidney? I wouldn't donate spit until you've got that cleaned up. Scotch! Make it a double! - Sure. - You want anything, doc? I'm good. Let me help you with your magnificently deceased water dweller. I got it. Thank you. My pleasure. Darling. It's Larry. I've been thinking about what you said, and I am afraid that if you change, I will cease to exist. But I won't let my self preservation stand in the way of your emotional journey any longer. If you donate your kidney and I... and I disappear, it will be worth it because it means that you've truly truly changed. I'm here to take you to the clinic. God. That'll put hair on your balls. How are your balls, anyways? Is that where the STD shows up first? Remind me to tell you about Enrique, this bag man that I met in Peru. He had the clap so bad that his balls... Shut it, cock hole! My bad. Zip it and lock it, put it in my pocket. I don't believe this. One cream soda for the sexually frustrated lamp stand. It's 3:45 in the morning. You have surgery in one hour, or did you forget? Didn't forget. It's not happening. I should've known. You are incapable of helping others. But not this time. You made a commitment to donate your kidney and whether your altruism was real or not, Ned needs that organ. Ned doesn't want my organ. Not after a bottle of Kentucky's finest. He'd be pissed. I should've known that you'd didn't have it in you. Why don't you get lost, you sanctimonious prick? Fucking prick. I won't because I can't. Someone needs to give Ned a kidney. He will not die because of your selfishness. Be my guest. Save it. I already made arrangements to fill in for you, and why? Because as much as I did not want to admit it, I knew that deep down you are incapable of even one act of true kindness. You ought to be ashamed of yourself. You'd think so, wouldn't you? - How do you think Larry's doing? - Who gives a fuck. You've got to admit, giving his kidney because you couldn't: That's friendship. That's grandstanding. This is friendship. Don't even. The only time that you call me is when you want to have a good time or dump a body, and I'm cool. But Larry? He gets you out of shit even when you don't know you're in it. He is not my friend and he sure as hell isn't my conscience. He's not your conscience. He's your soulmate. Soulmate... What are you on, crack? - Not any more. - Nice charity work. Like you give a shit if that guy lives or dies. I don't care about him. I care about this place. You look bad, my dealership looks bad. It's covered, old man. Saint Larry's offering up his kidney right now. If I play my cards right, maybe I can get rid of him one organ at a time. How are you going to do that, putz? He hasn't even had a blood test. You can't call up at the last minute and offer up a kidney. - You're even stupider than he is. - Ken's right. - For all they know, he's got syphilis. - They couldn't tell that I had it... Fuck. You couldn't smell a scam rammed up your ass and made out of cheese. - That's just disgusting. - Fuck. It looks like you got your wish. Bye bye, Larry. Where are you going? Where are you going?! Ned took my kidney, Richard, and that nurse... very mean. I need an ambulance, 1486 Miller Grove. It's not even for him. He's going to sell it on the black market. I know. They never did a blood test on me. They would have found out I've got syphilis. You need to notify your recent sexual partners right away. - Full disclosure. - Shut up and think about yourself. You just lost a kidney. Be a little selfish. I don't mind. Because of this, I got to witness the greatest act of altruism of all. You came for me, partner. Don't read too much into this. I love you, Richard. Come on, man. This is a new suit. Fuck. Beautiful man. You two... We should probably get out of here. Synced by Monkeymann 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 