Call Me Fitz: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Call Me Fitz 
 s1e9 - The Upside of Matricide - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Call Me Fitz (2010–2013): Season 1, Episode 9 - The Upside of Matricide - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Every relationship is a form of seduction. It's not just your sex partners, it's your friends, your bank teller, the cop considering arresting you for involuntary vehicular manslaughter, - again. - The humanity. And like any seduction, there are simple rules to follow in order to get what you want. One: Be honest. Ali Devin and I were in the car. - What were you doing there? - She had a big fight with her mother. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I went out to smooth things over. She was in the driver's seat. Expect me to believe that all you did was talk? Two: Agree with them. It makes them feel smart and in charge. I know what you're thinking, officer, and you're absolutely right. She is a hottie with a... sweater full of goodness. Three: Show them your sensitive side. Let them know that you care. But I did marry her mother. God, Babs. I loved her to death. Let me rephrase that. - Wait here. - Of course, like any seduction, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 you have to watch out for the cock block, a force of nature, like an ex-boyfriend, a "fugly" BFF... or the other police officer who's arrested you once already on similar charges. You can't fight it. Just ride out the storm and hope for the best. Ms. Devin confirms your story. Sounds like this was an unfortunate accident. It was. I know what happened in that car. - What didn't happen? - You and Ali bonded. Hey, give your mouth the night off. If theyfind out that we were about to fool around... You opened up to her and she opened up to you. She was about to until Babs turned herself into a street pizza. Don't rebuild that wall, the wall that you've built around your heart, the one that you use to keep people out. Go get her. Comfort her. She needs compassion. Like you know what a woman needs. Martini? My mother's dead and all you can think about is a Martini? I was thinking about several, actually. We just ran over my mother. We? You think this is my fault? Well, you were in the driver's seat. My mother is dead! Cock blocked by a corpse. That's one for the biography. What? Thank you so much for the house call. I used to think it was so... morbid the way she would obsess about these things, but now I realize she was trying to make it easier on me. Your mother was a wise woman. I can't tell you the amount of stress these questions can put on a family. I just wish I'd realized that "I want an organic funeral" actually meant. "I love you." An Eternal Sky Funeral Home is on the forefront of environmentally conscious services. We offer everything from cruelty free cosmetics to biodegradable caskets. Well, all Mom ever wanted was to be placed in a hole in the ground, naked, and to have a single sapling planted on top. That's beautiful. And completely illegal. Excuse me? What we can do is cremate your mother, mix her ashes with some soil and plant some tomatoes or something. If you're feeling more adventurous, you could have her cremains turned into a diamond. My mother was very clear about her wishes. And it's a crime that accommodating those wishes is a crime. Now, how about an urn carved in your mother's image? You've got to be kidding me. I hate to put this kind of pressure on the bereaved, but the natural process of decay has begun. Flies have probably already laid eggs in your mother. Any kind of open casket service will be impossible within the next 24 hours without Eternal Sky Funeral Homes' trademark embalming. Think about it. Babs is in a car accident with you and didn't die. Then she's in another car accident and does die. That's like destiny. Or fate. Or destiny. - It's a pain in the ass, is what it is. - Doesn't that mean you're off the hook? The way things are going for me lately, it's gonna become my own private Chappaquiddick, everyone laying the blame on good old Fitzy. I lost someone I cared about. Called herself Edith. Former Golani Brigade. We were black bagging terrorist schools up and down the north coast of Africa goat fuckers are waiting for us with a 50 calibre machine gun nest of Good Morning Vietnam, if you know what I mean. Edith strips down naked and storms in with nothing but two hand grenades and a smile. Still can't eat a latke without crying. On the house. It'll be okay. Carpe diem. My wife died last night. I know. I heard. God. Fitz, I'm so sorry. If there is anything I can do for you, anything, you come to me. Our maintenance apartment went over this baby with a fine tooth comb... it guaranteed 80 point inspection and a lube job. I can't believe you. Feeding off people's goodwill, profiting from Babs' death. I am not profiting. Fitz, I heard about your loss. Listen, If you need anything, let me know. Foot long double cheese meatball sub, extra sauce. Sure. It's more like bartering. People give me stuff and I let them feel like they've helped me through this trying time. Blended. - You're happy she's dead. - No, it's just... I've been rolling snake eyes instead of sevens lately and now... everything's coming up Fitz. I've got to take this. That's English for "fuck off". No, not you. Who is this? I see. How much? How soon? I'll be right over. As your conscience, I have to know what's going on. The bank informed me they're ready to transfer all of my dead wife's accounts to me, the grieving husband. A Summer Wind came blowing in from across the sea. You cannot liquidate Mrs. Devin's funds in order to build your mid-level Vegas strip knockoff dream lounge. How do you think Ali is gonna feel about this? I think she made it pretty clear how she feels about me last night. Richard, no. This is it, our rubicon. I thought it would happen later and involve fire, but here it is. Do not cross this line. Show me there's still an ounce of decency left in you. Prove to me that you are worth saving. OK, 1: I don't have to prove anything to you. 2: I can cross any line I want. And C: I don't know what a rubicon is, so why should I give a shit? It involves Caesar and orgies and bestiality. I'm in. Baby. You're so fucking hot. No way. - It's money, not toilet paper. - I'm not looking for a handout. It's a loan. Then tap the deadbeat that knocked you up. I am a single mother now. I have to show that I'm a responsible parent. You want money? Then earn it like the rest of the dead weight here. Work here? For you? What, like slave wages? I don't think so. Forget it. I don't need your help or anybody. When do I start? No one should be alone at a time like this. Do you need anything? Someone to talk to, a... - shoulder to cry on? - I don't need sympathy. How about a sandwich? I can make you a sandwich. What I need is to dump my mother in a hole. I know, I know, it's illegal, but... it's what she wanted. Well, then what you need is someone who doesn't just cross the moral line, he ignores it completely. You're just as insane as he is. No, wait. He'd be perfect. - I don't need his help. - You do. You'll never be able to pull this off alone. You need to tear down that wall, the wall you've built around your heart to keep people away. And I'm pretty sure he's done this before. Imagine a time when men were men and women were broads. When music was performed, not sampled and a drink was a cocktail, not a crantini. You don't have to imagine it any more, not when you're at... "The Summer Wind." "The Summer Wind." The land has been bought the city council has been bribed. All I need now is a couple of investors to trigger construction. 10k gets you a private parking place. 25, access to our VIP lounge. And 50k, get you all of the above plus the opportunity to bone one of our waitresses per year. What a bargain. - We have to talk. - I'm with an investor. I'll give you some privacy. It's Ali. She needs help with Babs' last wishes. She said that? She said that you're a parasite and insane, but I sensed something deeper. It was... love. I'm sure! I'm all done with those women. - They're are a crazy. - You're saying that 'cause you're hurt. I'm saying that because I've got something better to do. Josh, do you want to be head of security? Nothing personal. I've got money! You have the money you stole from me. - I invested it. - In my dealership. Our dealership. And some other ventures, not to mention the commissions I've been making and... some other sources. He's a wizard. - 25 grand. - Agreed. - 50. - You said 25. - You agreed too quickly. - We're partners. You're a shut-the-fuck-up partner and you don't get any of my waitresses. Deal. My dearly departed isn't going to bury herself. - Can I be your apprentice? - I don't need one. This is nice. Isn't this nice, the three of us working together? What is the plan to steal my mother's body? Don't you think they'll notice? Ribs are on special today. 9 bucks a pound. 150 lbs of ribs, please. Extra rare. To go. Ribs? Are you kidding me? - We don't need more than 110. - Fine. 130 lbs. - Big boned. - Big boned? - This isn't going to work. - It is. And throw a couple of burgers in there too, would ya? Sure. We all share the ups. Those are the people who walk onto the lot... Yowser. Dibs. Wait, that's Glen. Just ignore him. He acts like a B-bag, but his low-ball is so unreasonable, you know he's just a lousy looksy. See, that kind of attitude separates the winners from the Sonyas. It's the middle of the day and look at you! You're looking for a car. Most men I know are looking for work. You must be rich. Marry me! I'm kidding. I'm Meghan Fitzpatrick. - I'm just browsing. - Just Browsing? What kind of name is that? Is that Ukrainian? It's not your name. You're Glen! What are you looking for today? Looking for a sports car? All fast and going places? Glen the adventurer with his leather jacket and his whip! No, really, I'm just browsing. But if you were interested in getting into something today, what could I tempt you with, Glen? This would work for me, but 13,000... I could probably afford about 6500. You're hilarious! We both know you're rich, go to the bank and get your money and come on back. This car is now on hold for you. - You don't have to do that. - It's no trouble. You want this car, I want you... in this car. So this car is now on hold for you. For Glen! Nobody come near. This is Glen's car! It's on hold! Nobody even think about it! I'm kidding. Go get your money. I'll give you both a few minutes. Take your time. - I don't believe this is working. - It's going to work. God. Death smells like Indian food. Start filling the coffin. Get back to the dealership and wait for us there. When we get back, we'll bury the stiff. Respectfully. Why? - Oh, why? - I'll come back... Carry on. Sometimes a family member finds closure by activat... I apologize for the post-mortem deceit, but but rest assured we do everything in our power to make sure you get the proper illegal burial you deserve, right after I research the cost of replacing the interior of this fine quality sports utility vehicle. Make sure you watch her for me. I mean, the car for me. The car. For me. There's Glen's car! What's it doing here? I got it, Larry. I still can't believe that worked. Even I'm impressed, and I don't impress easily. Let's just get this over with. What are you doing? You're supposed to be watching the body. Don't worry. - Josh is watching that car... - Totally honoured. Car's gone. It's gonna work, huh? I should've known better than to trust you. You can't blame him for this. I blame you. - This is all your fault! - You convinced me to trust him! And you're the one who told me that she asked for my help! You are so stupid. I have to agree. You do? You and Richard are agreeing? This is a big step. I am so happy for both of you. - Come here. - But we gotta find that fucking car. Isn't this great? I love this car. And you know what? If this were a romantic comedy, we'd be in our "meet cute." That's the scene where the couple that falls in love meets, and it's cute. - What's that smell? - What smell? I don't smell anything. Is this some kind of hazing ritual? That's exactly what it is. It's a prank. That's it, a prank. Sir, I'm Ali Devin, and you are? I'm a lawyer and I can assure you that this is not what it looks like. - Looks like you've stolen a body. - A victimless crime. You see, Glen, that's my mother in there. Babs. She died recently and... She had a dream! She wanted to be part of the solution, not part of the problem. Organic burial. That's what we're doing. Way of the future. - I'm calling the cops. - I'm calling Dad. Who wants shares in a bar? What are you doing? I'm splitting my stake in The Summer Wind with $50,000 to be split between Meghan and Glen in exchange for their compassion? I hope you run a bar better than you bury bodies. Put a cork in it. Can I have the cash instead? All right, where are we going? Where are we burying her? I don't know. Where are we burying her? You've got to be fucking kidding me. You were the one who was planning everything. How to get her out of the funeral home. That was the deal. You're right. Now I'm a failure. I am the worst daughter who ever lived. Come on. You can think of one place that fits, just a nice, safe plot of land with trees where Babs can be buried. I might know a place. Good. Fuck. Ashes to ashes. Dust to dust. We are gathered here today, dearly beloved, in the sight of God and these good people. Yay though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I speak now or forever hold my peace. - For Babs gives us our daily bread! - Shut up, Larry. Can I please just have a moment to myself? Sorry for your loss. Would you mind staying? I'd like you to hear this. Sure. There you go, Mom. Just like you always wanted. This doesn't make up for all the grief that I caused you as a kid. The binge drinking, the rampant promiscuity, the abortion... abortions. I wish that I could have been a better daughter to you. I'm going to wait in the car. And I wish that you could have been a better mother to me. But why drudge up the past? I hope that now that you're dead we can finally be friends. Here is something I never thought I'd say to you. Thank you. For what? For this. What are stepfathers for? Oh, Daddy! Oh, Daddy! Fuck me, Stepdaddy! That's one way to spend a Saturday. You better not be having 2nd thoughts, or this will be he-said she-said. I'm okay with this. You know, I actually feel kind of... Good. That woman influenced my entire life, and now that she's gone I can finally be myself. And who is Ali Devin? I don't know. That's what's so exciting. A crap lawyer. Maybe a street juggler or an investor in a lounge... 50 grand, you're in. I was thinking more along the lines of a full partnership. Nothing personal. Are you... sure? Everything's negotiable. My mother was many things, but irresponsible with her money wasn't one of them. She's got more cash squirreled away. I know. How do you think I paid for this piece of land? You're going to build here? Where we just buried my mother? With my inheritance? Ali, nails. Nails. Nai... God! Wait! Come on. I'm not gonna pave over her. I'll put the tree in the centre of a roundabout. What's so funny? I'm thinking about all the grief I could have saved myself if I'd fucked you in the first place. Maybe then I wouldn't be standing out here right now wondering how I'm going to get back into town, where to get a morning after pill from. Unbelievable. What do you want, some guy who lie to you and tell you you look good when you're too fat? Some clown who'll go antiquing with you all weekend because you gave him a hand job in the shower? Some sham who'll listen to you drone on about your feelings, your new direction? Yes, I do. Chester, it's Ali. Could you come pick me up? I'm on Industry Road. How did I get here? That's a long story. See you soon. If you leave now, Ali, you'll never change. You'll still be that same scared little girl cowering to your mother's every whim. Enjoy it. It's your last one. What? Synced by Monkeymann 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 