Signal: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Signal 
 s1e8 - Episode #1.8 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Signal (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Episode #1.8 - full transcript 
 The cold case squad finds Shin Da Hye, who has been living under the murder victim's identity. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [EPISODE 8] Wait, does this make any sense? Does it? How could a woman who died be alive? Then who died 20 years ago? Maybe there was an error made in the investigation at the time. I don't think so. They found her resident ID card at the site of the drowning. It couldn't have been put there by coincidence. You're saying that someone made it look like Shin Da Hye on purpose? If that's true... chances are, it's not a simple suicide. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I told you. This case is not a suicide. It's a murder. Why are you so emotional? We don't have evidence that it's a suicide but we don't have evidence of murder either. There's only one person who can answer all of these questions. That's Shin Da Hye herself. If we find her, we'll know what happened 20 years ago. How are we going to find someone who's been hiding for 20 years? She was able to hide because no one knew. But we know that she is alive. A person that is alive... will definitely leave a trail somewhere. We just need to find that trail. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh my. The most suspicious part is the family. Shin Jung Hye was being honest about her mother. Her mother has liver cancer. She's in intensive care because of a transplant surgery. I looked into bank records, credit cards, and spoke to her neighbors. She doesn't seem suspicious in relation to Shin Da Hye. You should still keep an eye on her. What about the fiance? He is the person with the most direct relationship to Shin Da Hye. Thank you. Have you found Da Hye? We are still investigating. First, we need your cooperation, Kim Min Sung. I need some information on Shin Da Hye from 20 years ago. Shin Da Hye... What kind of person was she? These are all of Da Hye practicing. Her voice is recorded on them. It's okay. If you cry... It's okay. If you cry, you'll feel better. It's okay. All she cared about was acting. You'll feel better. Hello, this new meat restaurant just opened. If you order four servings, you get another four servings free. Please make sure to come! Order four servings and you get another four servings for free! Apart from the time spent on work to make ends meet she spent all her time on her acting. Did anyone have a grudge against Shin Da Hye? Oh no. She would never wrong anyone. But she did have issues with her agency. Her agency? You had an entertainment agency in 1995, didn't you? Do you remember an actress named Shin Da Hye? Shin Da Hye? I represented hundreds of people. How could I remember her? I don't know. Fraud, embezzling, and assault... That doesn't look very good. You specialize in living off the ambitions of weak celebrity wannabes. What do you think you're doing? What is this crap so early in the morning? Unless you want to add illegal gambling to the list, sit back down. People don't change so easily. Don't you agree? I'm sure it was like that back then too. You must have done something that bothers your conscience seeing as how you completely deny knowing her. I didn't do anything that bothers my conscience. I was only thinking of them. To put it simply, where else would they meet such rich guys? Come here, come here! The clients are happy to play with pretty girls. The girls are happy to play a bit and get some money in return. It's good for everyone involved. Shin Da Hye acted better than others, but she was just like everyone else. She refused to drink until the end. But that's what he liked. Who? HK law firm's Han Se Kyu? President! President! Was this the cabin where Han Se Kyu hid the stolen items from the burglary? The one near Mikang Lake? How did you know? How about during the burglary case? Did this go on too? That would be September of 1995. Think about it carefully. It was 20 years ago. I can't really remember. Should I handcuff you and help you remember? That group fought before that. Their relationship fell apart. Your fathers are the ones who took bribes so why are you doing this to me? Talk directly to your dad about it. He talked to him, but it's not working. - What? - Ah, yes... When should I send the girls in? Forget it. Send them back. Okay. I'm telling you. My dad doesn't listen to me. Then... I'm going to give that video of you to the cops. What about it? Drinking with some girls? You guys did that too. We didn't do drugs. Do what you want. Talk to your dad and get him to stop the investigations. Or you can go to jail. The Chief Prosecutor's son, Han Se Kyu and the sons of Chaebols and the Congressman who threatened him... The sex tape was used as a tool to blackmail him. In order to steal that, Han Se Kyu robbed his friends' homes. He didn't know which of the three's home it was in. He was forced to go to all three of the homes. And in order to disguise it as burglaries he took all the other valuables. It was Han Se Kyu, that punk. What do you mean? Shin Da Hye had that diamond necklace, right? It was all because of that. Han Se Kyu, that dog. He thought he could get away with this crap because of his father. He had been living a good a life. That punk. I won't let him get away with it. Hey, what about the necklace? Oh, I'm sorry. I think I have to go for today. Okay. Ah, but... about that necklace... Was it ever discovered afterward? I said this back then too. I've never seen such a thing. What about a person that might hold onto something like that for her? Your asking the same question as that other detective. I'm talking about Detective Lee Jae Han. He contacted me after the funeral again. - My senior? - Yes. He came to Da Hye's place late one night. Like I told you over the phone, there isn't much here. Yes. After that happened to Da Hye, her sister came and took her belongings. Then is there anyone she knows that she would ask to hold onto that necklace? No, there isn't. Was there a floppy disk among her belongings? Da Hye doesn't know how to use a computer. There was nothing like that. Okay. Where could that disk have gone? Where? Hold on. It's a picture. This isn't Shin Da Hye. Who is it? That's Ji Hee. Ji Hee? Who is that? - It's cold, right? - Yeah, I'm sorry. She's an aspiring actress and her hometown friend. I have an audition. She would come up when she had auditions and sleep over. When she came up, she would stay here? Yes. Has she come up recently? She came about a week ago. Then do you have her contact info. Like her address? She took her photos at our studio because Da Hye brought her. That's her contact information from 20 years ago. It's from 20 years ago, so I don't know how much help it'll be. By any chance... Did she come to the funeral? The funeral? No. Because of the situation, we probably forgot to contact her. Or... It was impossible for her to go. Name, Kim Ji Hee. Born in 1976. Both of her parents passed away before the year 1995. She had no siblings ether. In December of 1995, she left the country for Germany. After that, she lived there. Two weeks ago, she entered through Incheon Airport. - You're sure it's Germany? - Yes, I am. Find out the address she left with Korean Immigration when entering. Kim Ji Hee checked out last week. Did she leave anything behind or her contact information? No, she didn't. It's cleaned every day, so there's nothing left behind. She hid for 20 years and suddenly came back to Korea. Why would she do that? Why? The hospital. The transplant surgery. Why do you want to see Shin Da Hye's mother? Is she still in intensive care? Yeah, she's in recovery, but they have to watch over her for a few days. When was the transplant surgery? Six days ago, but no visitors are allowed in the intensive care unit. I haven't even seen her face. I'm not here to see Shin Da Hye's mother. Room 118 is over that way. - Thank you. - Thanks. What brings you here? I should ask you, Shin Jung Hye. Why are you here? I know that the organ donor for your mother is inside this room. Did you come to say "thank you"? Or... Are you here to see the sister that you thought was dead? When receiving organs from a living person and not a brain-dead person it is usually family members who donate their organs. You tried too. But your blood was not a match. And due to an illness you had in the past, you were not a good fit. Please go back. But then, a organ donor appeared. From far away in Germany. Please. I'm asking you. After examination, the blood was a match and everything was suitable. As if they were of a biological family member. How could that be? Six days ago... She donated her liver to your mother and is lying in that room right there. That donor, Kim Ji Hee... For 20 years... lived as she were dead, and is actually your little sister. She is Shin Da Hye. [KIM JI HEE] We finally meet, Kim Ji Hee. No... I should call you Shin Da Hye. Wow. Say something, would you? What happened here? Was it Kim Ji Hee who died 20 years ago? How did your identities get switched? What was it that happened 20 years ago? Don't hide anything, just tell us. Everything... was my fault. Are you here? Come here. Give me the video. What is it? Are you afraid I'll make this public? I'm here because you said you would give it to me! Hurry up and give it to me. All right, all right. I said I'd give it to you. Get over here. Come look at it. It was so hard for me to get it. You should at least watch it. Look at it, okay? Why? Is it boring? Should I show you something good? Come here, come here. Come here, come here. Just get over here! You have to look here. I'm telling you to look here. Hey, take a look at this. Hey, take a look at this thing! Hey, hey! Look at this. Hey, not bad, right? When would a lowly thing like you ever see something like this? Man, too bad I can't see their faces when they see this is gone. Back then, I felt like that necklace was a way out of a miserable life. It looked like a golden rope. Soon after, Han Se Kyu was arrested for larceny. I was scared of being arrested too. Every day felt like hell. Then I saw on the news that Han Se Kyu was let out. That day, Han Se Kyu called me. Hello? It was you, wasn't it? You took my stuff. You dare to take what's mine? Bring it back while I'm still being civil. - I don't want to. - What? I don't want to see your face again. What did you say? I know what I did was wrong. So I'm going to turn myself in to the police tomorrow. Seriously, do you want to die? - Hey, hey! - Don't call me again! That night... Han Se Kyu came to my home. He totally looks dirty. He is so funny. I think you and I are alike. What is he saying, seriously? Attorney Han Se Kyu? You are really lacking in creativity. The way you have fun is the same now as it was 20 years ago. I'm sorry. Let go of me. You remember the stolen item that Shin Da Hye took 20 years ago, right? The blue diamond necklace. Should I continue? Is it all right if everyone listens? You can leave. Who are you? I'm Park Hae Young from Seoul Metropolitan's Cold Case Squad. We're investigating Shin Da Hye's suicide from 20 years ago. Wait no. It's not a suicide, it's murder. I guess we should call it murder. We looked into the investigation again. The victim was in her pajamas so the location of the crime was probably her home. The time of the crime was night. If it was a robbery or an accidental death they would not have worked so hard to dispose the body. The killer knew the victim and was an acquaintance. - What are you up to here? - Just keep listening. The killer tried to disguise Shin Da Hye's death as suicide. The culprit put a resident ID card in the pocket of a coat over the pajamas. The method was very lacking. The killer wasn't able to think properly due to drugs or alcohol. It's likely that the killer was lacking judgment because of it. You were a regular user of drugs back then, right? - What do you think... - Also... When it comes to crimes like this, the body is often dumped in locations that the person feels that they know very well. Somewhere near your cabin... Like the Mikang Lake. Are you threatening me right now? No, I'm just telling you the truth. This case wasn't investigated well. It closed as a suicide with no autopsy. The prosecution closed it without much care. Ah, I guess even the mighty Chief Prosecutor could not make his son into a murderer. You were born with a silver spoon in your mouth. You always relied on your father's status. You throw your money around and sexually assault women. Sure, it makes me sick and it sucks. But I can look the other way. The fact that you threw a fuss robbing your friends to find that video and ruined a person's life... It makes me so angry. Yeah, I guess I can say, "What can I do?" But... Killing a person isn't right. What's wrong with that? Yeah, I killed her. That dog didn't know her place and touched my belongings. I killed her. What are you going to do? You dare to take what belongs to me? I could only watch. I couldn't stop it. No. I was just so scared. I thought I'd die too if I left that spot. I couldn't move because I was so scared. So I went to my mom's place and I hid there. But then the police called. They said that I died. That's when I made my decision. To live my life as Kim Ji Hee. Why? Are you going to arrest me? I'm a lawyer. A lawyer at this nation's top law firm, HK Law Firm. The right to remain silent... and the right to an attorney... You did not state them to me beforehand. So my confession has no legal standing. If you think that's unfair, you can keep investigating. You still won't be able get me. I always have a way out. This is a good country. You sure are different since you're a lawyer at our nation's top law firm. I thought your brain was full of crap. What? You made it to partner using your dad's connections. But I heard that you've brought in zero wins for the past few years. After messing up a few cases that you did get assigned to... I heard you don't even get cases anymore. You punk! Prepare for your defense with that crappy brain of yours. Even if I get fired I will put you away for murder. Thank you for telling me everything. But do you have evidence to back your story? Unless you have evidence that Han Se Kyu killed Kim Ji Hee... this doesn't work out for you. You lived for 20 years as Kim Ji Hee. You could have killed Kim Ji Hee and stolen Kim Ji Hee's identity. No, I would never have done that. Stating that without proof... It doesn't help us out. There is evidence. Gosh. Seriously, this is crazy. We're living with a bomb right now. Hey, are you insane or what? Why did you go see Han Se Kyu? Things are crazy right now. What if the Chief gets angry? Who told you to do that anyway? Yes, I went to see Attorney Han Se Kyu. Is that so wrong? Why did you go? You must have a reason. I ordered the investigation. There was a unnatural death in 1995 in Mikang Lake. At the time, they ruled it as a suicide. We found some recent clues that pointed to murder. We even have a witness to that murder. According to that witness the most likely suspect is HK law firm's Han Se Kyu. Please allow us to send Han Se Kyu a summons. You're going up against HK law firm. Without real evidence, you can't send him a summons. I have evidence. What do you mean you have evidence? I found something by chance when I was going through Da Hye's stuff long ago. I thought it would reveal that Da Hye was alive if I gave it to someone so I never told anyone. That tape... What's recorded on it? That night... What happened that night... All of it. "It's okay." "If you cry, you'll feel better." "It's my first time crying in two years." "I came in here secretly yesterday night." "I came to see if our theater is doing well." "It looked good." "And then I cried for the first time in two years." "When I did, my heart felt lighter." "It had felt dark, like there was a fog." "Look..." "Now, I won't cry." "Now, I won't cry." Now, I won't cry. Ji Hee had come over again. She had an audition the next day. I got thirsty in the middle of the night. I woke up and went to the kitchen. But then, there was a sound. I heard the sound of the door opening. It was Han Se Kyu. You dare to take what belongs to me? You dare to take what belongs to me? It ends here. The investigating team has this? Yes. You don't need to worry about it. I'll take care of it and make sure they can't. I can get the Internal Affairs to investigate the team. Or I can send the case to another department. There are many ways. What about the recording? It's been 20 years. There are no body and no crime scene. Ignore it. It has no use as evidence. Don't you know about the principle of free evaluation of evidence? The judge can freely weigh the evidence based on their inner conviction. Are you a judge? It won't even make it into trial. I'll take care of it quietly so that you don't have to worry about it. What about the witness? What's her name? It's a woman named Kim Ji Hee. The testimony of the witness is circumstantial as well. - The team is... - Look here. Making evidence and testimony useless is done by lawyers like me, not police. You couldn't take care your subordinates and made a mess like this. Do you still have more left to say? [CASE REPORT] You'll probably need this. I told you that we should have just done Oh Dae Yang. People who don't work out will break their nose falling backward. Why does the suspect have to Han Se Kyu of all people? There's still time left. Is he crazy? Why would he come? Just write that. Han Se Kyu is impulsive and emotional. He is full of complexes. He can't bear to lose to someone he thinks is lower than him. Good for you. Why don't you become a fortune teller while you're at it? He's here! Han Se Kyu from HK law firm is here. It worked. He bit the bait. This could go very wrong. Han Se Kyu has arrived. Okay. What about the witness? I'm almost there. Han Se Kyu. You have the right to remain silent and to refuse to answer questions. You will not be penalized if you choose to remain silent. If you give up the right to remain silent, anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. While you are under interrogation you may ask for an attorney and you may receive assistance from the attorney. Do you understand everything? Yes. - Has it started? - Yes. In 1995, Shin Da Hye was found drowned in Mikang Lake. You know her, right? Yes. Her death was determined to be a suicide back in 1995. But a witness appeared recently claiming that Shin Da Hye was murdered. That witness says that you. Han Se Kyu, murdered Shin Da Hye in her home. That was her testimony. That is not true. What I'm going to play for you now is from the night that Shin Da Hye died. This evidence is believed to have been recorded at Shin Da Hye's home. You dare to take what belongs to me? Is that your voice on the recording? Yes. Then... Are you admitting that you killed Shin Da Hye? I said that was my voice. I didn't say I killed her. You said so before. You believe that it's recorded at Shin Da Hye's home. I don't know where you got this piece of evidence. Is it from Shin Da Hye's home 20 years ago? Can you prove it? What they will want from you is a confession. You should not respond to the summons. No. If they want it so badly, I should go. Those pieces of trash... They dare to go up against me? I'll face him head on. That Park Hae Young punk... Whether it's abuse of authority, defamation, or whatever. I'll crush him. I'll do what a lawyer needs to do. Why don't you do what a cop should do? You said there's a witness. Do I have to take care of every little detail? Okay. I will take care of it. Where is your sister? She left with a nurse a while ago. They said that you were waiting on the first floor. - A nurse? - Yes. I haven't seen that nurse before. It was a man. A male nurse? That's strange. We don't have any male nurses on this floor. Didn't you say that Detective Cha was waiting on the first floor? I'm from the Seoul District Police. - Yes. - I'm looking for a patient. Oh, yes. Where is this? This is elevator eight. It's the P4 underground parking lot. Are we done? Or do I need to be questioned further? Yes. We can prove it. What? This recording. That it was in fact from Shin Da Hye's home 20 years ago... I'm saying that we can prove it. You're saying that's possible? The recording doesn't end there. What's going on? Based on what we heard just now, we didn't have any way to prove it. But thankfully, at the end of the recording evidence was left behind that confirms that it was Shin Da Hye's house. Da Hye, Da Hye! It's me. Min Sung. Da Hye! Say something if you're there. Darn it. Why isn't this going in? Oh, gosh. The voice of the one banging on the door was Shin Da Hye's fiance, Kim Min Sung. We already have his statement confirming that he was at that house that night. What is this? Why is this... Why? I guess it's different from what you heard? That's odd. Our case evidence couldn't have been leaked to outsiders. What happened? What! I don't know what you heard, but this is the original file. With this recording, it has been confirmed that the location of the recording is Shin Da Hye's home. So what? What about it? Now, what did you do at that house? It's your turn to give your statement. You... How could you? You're... But how could you... You're supposed to be dead. I know I killed you. No. The person you killed... was Kim Ji Hee. Thank you. You admitted to the murder on your own. Since we told you your rights to silence and to an attorney beforehand that would make this more than legal. What is this? What do you think this is! You punk! What is this? How dare you do this to me? Huh! You punk! Erase this thing. No! You can't! Han Se Kyu. For damaging government property and obstruction of justice contempt, assault, and resisting detainment... Also, you are under arrest for a murder committed in 1995. You have the right to silence and the right to an attorney. You think you'll be safe if you do this to me? I'll kill you all. I'll kill you all! Die! All of you. Do you know who I am? I'll kill you all. You're all dead! I said I'll kill you. But if someone committed a crime whether you have money or power... you have to receive the punishment that you deserve. That's the job of a cop! Sorry. I think it should be resolved this weekend or so. Let me finish it. And let's talk then. A diamond necklace? Yes. Why did Han Se Kyu go that far to get back that necklace? There was a floppy disk inside that necklace case. A floppy disk? There's something in here. Do you still have it? No, I gave it to a detective long ago. A detective? I went down to Ji Hee's place to get her passport. And he called. - Hello? - Hello. I'm Detective Lee Jae Han calling from Violent Crimes in Seoul District. Is Kim Ji Hee there? Yes, what can I do for you? Yes, do you know Shin Da Hye? Yes. Did Shin Da Hye leave anything with you by any chance? Like a floppy disk or something. No, there isn't anything. Hello, hello? Anyone there? Anyone home? Is anyone home? Oh, that's nice. They are very upsetting though. Oh my, oh my. Hello, ladies. Yes, hello. This woman lives just over here. Do you know her? Oh, this girl? - The young lady with white skin. - Yes, yes. - Just over there. - I haven't seen her lately. - Oh, she's not around? For how long? - Yes, not these days. I don't know. Just not lately. I think she's trying to be an actress in Seoul. She goes back and forth? So you haven't seen her recently for the past week? By any chance, is that detective's name... I don't remember it. I just remember he was at Violent Crimes Police Task Force in Seoul. I sent something to that address. You sent something there. Yes. I felt that he would keep following me if I held onto that disk. So I sent that disk by mail. That's a disguise. It has to be. Let's check again. I will check again. I think the cell phone number is wrong. Let's check the name again. I should have received something. No, it's not. Is there anything that's not hard? Wow. What kind of thief is so daring? He touche my stuff in a place full of detectives! I was looking for you anyway. Say hello. These are detectives from Central Prosecutor's office. I'm Oh Seung Joon from Special Prosecutors Team 1. While investigating the Jinyang corruption case I heard that there was important evidence, so I came here. How did you come across this disk? There's no need to do this here? Why don't you go along with the prosecutors and help them with it? You worked so hard to find this lead. You should get credit for your work. [INVESTIGATION INTO SEKANG CONSTRUCTION CORRUPTION FOR HANYOUNG BRIDGE] What are you doing? Are you crazy? And what do you think you're doing? I know what I heard. Congressman Jang, Jaeshin Daily Paper, and Hanyang Group were are connected. All the people who took the most from it are all gone, and what? Sekang Construction corruption? I don't know what you're talking about. The disk only contained info on Sekang. I'm sure that wasn't all that was on it. You just erased it all! Just like a hunting dog wagging its tail to its owners. [HANYANG GROUP - DELETE] [GEUMJIN AIRLINE - DELETE] [CONGRESSMAN JANG YOUNG CHUL - DELETE] [CHOWON GROUP - DELETE] [YN GROUP - DELETE] So... how does it feel to be bitten by a hunting dog? It wakes you right up, doesn't it? Leave, if you don't like it. I don't need someone like you. You started out as an officer. You're already a Section Chief at that age. You must have chosen the right line to stand in. Look at this house. Wow, it's nice. How much is it? You could never buy a house like this with a detective's salary. I'm not leaving. Until I crush that dog who smeared crap on the face of cops I won't leave until I die. Let's wait and see if I win, or if that dog wins. What were you doing while your team was acting up like that? Did you do this on purpose to screw me over? You were just some guy stuck in a little town like Injoo. Don't forget that I was the one who brought you here. What about Park Hae Young? Was he suspicious at all? No. He didn't do anything out of the ordinary. That kid... If he even starts to get a whiff of what happened to Lee Jae Han cut him off right away. If the truth of that case is revealed... you will be the one who is the worst position. You got it? Ah, awesome! How could you? I thought I killed you. No, the person you killed was Kim Ji Hee. I can't believe I missed that line. You were the one who ran off. Be quiet, be quiet. I think our team is the ace. We solved the Gyeonggi Nambu case and arrested the prince of law, Han Se Kyu. We just arrested him. Since this is a dinner for aces, we can order one more serving, right? Just one more? Get more! Ma'am, over here! One more serving please! I come here often. I'm a regular. What are you all doing? Have one more drink. That's enough for me. I should go back and do the paperwork. Why are you bringing down the mood? Team Leader, please help the team have some fun. You can take care of that, Senior. You guys drink more and rest up later. All right, all right. I'll take care of the paperwork. You guys should have more fun and then go home. You should put some ointment on your face too. That guy is not so bad, you know? He would be even better if he paid! Here, here. Drink. Lieutenant Park? It's me, Lee Jae Han. The past can be changed. Don't ever give up. Why is this here? Park Hae Young. Why couldn't I get in touch with you? I thought you threw away the radio or something. I come when you say so and leave when you say so. Is someone backing you? Why do all the cases have something to do with Lee Jae Han? Were you two close? Are you crazy? Would a Violent Crimes detective use her face? She would use her nature. Don't worry about it. It has nothing to do with you. This is like that other case, right? The girl who died in the neighborhood next to this. I need to speak to Officer Cha Soo Hyun urgently. Oh, she's not home yet? Have you sent and received transmissions with anyone else besides me? Detective Cha, are you feeling ill today too? Cha Soo Hyun! 0.5! Is the detective there? She's not picking up her phone? Cha Soo Hyun! Soo Hyun! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 