Signal: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Signal 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Signal (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [JULY 29, 2000] Hey, wait for me. Bye! See you tomorrow. It's raining! Breaking news. A primary school student was kidnapped on her way home from school in Gyeonggi. Police have started an investigation. [NAME: KIM YOON JUNG AGE: 11] What was Yoon Jung like? Did you know Yoon Jung? Was Yoon Jung your friend? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What are your thoughts on the Kim Yoon Jung abduction? A key suspect has been found in the Kim Yoon Jung case. A blackmail letter, as well fingerprint, were found belonging to Seo Hyung Joon. He is currently enrolled in Sangjin University Medical School. But Yoon Jung was taken by a woman. Mister. - It's not that him. It's not a man. - What's he saying? The kidnapper is not a man. Have you heard from the credit card company? I gave the call logs to him already. - Anything new on the Yoon Jung case? - Not yet. Yoon Jung, what am I going to do? My poor Yoon Jung. What am I supposed to do? I can't go on anymore. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Thousands of photos were passed out and hundreds of police worked on her case. Tens of thousands of people joined in to help find Yoon Jung. But Kim Yoon Jung came back to us as a cold body. After the suspect Seo Hyung Joon took the fifty million won he demanded he evaded the police and disappeared. There is a warrant out for his arrest, but seeing as he has not been caught yet there is a high chance that he has escaped to a foreign country. This is a report on a cold case. The statute of limitations on Kim Yoon Jung's case is approaching. The culprit must be caught by August 29, 2015 in order to make them pay for their crimes. [THE END] [JULY 27, 2015] [3 DAYS UNTIL THE STATUTE OF LIMITATION OF KIM YOON JUNG'S ABDUCTION PASSES] The problem is the unconscious act. The trophy in the living room. The picture on the desk. You can look into the unconscious mind through a book left in a bathroom. It's referred to as snooping in psychology. So you found out through snooping? [KANG SO RA & IM SHI WAN DATING] About what? Those two dating? No, not that. That they were meeting at the back gate of Hyunjin Park at 10:30 p.m. Unless you were a ghost, how would you know? It's well-known that these three were in a love triangle last year. I know this drama. The manager was cool. This is their recent airport fashion picture. One of the three in the love triangle left the country for three nights, four days. So two of them had time to meet up and reaffirm their stance. This is Im Shi Wan's new place, which he recently publicized. The poster in the living area is very big, isn't it? Statistically, this means that he is very prideful and likely self-disciplined. Kang So Ra might stay in touch with him, but wouldn't meet him so easily. However, the day before Byun Yo Han's return, it's likely he broke down first. So, the date had to be yesterday. July 26. What about the time? Why is it 10:30 p.m.? Psychology comes into play even with choosing a time. Im Shi Wan had rehearsal for a concert the next morning. If you consider that into account, and suppose he has to be up by 8:00 a.m. it was a time that suited him and gave him time to talk to Kang So Ra. Considering they had to avoid people, 10:30 p.m. is the obvious time. What about the location? Why is it Hyunjin Park? In 1989, during the Cold War. President Bush and Gorbachev didn't meet in the US or the Soviet Union. They had a summit in Malta. Why? If there is a misunderstanding, it's right to meet on neutral ground. It's the same with love. They feel like it's a confrontation too. Would they want to meet at their homes? It's in a neutral spot, not many lights, and not many people. It wouldn't be unnatural to wear caps and jogging outfits. Hyunjin Park back gate, okay? All right, should we move onto our next matter of business? These two... where do you think they will meet up? They're dating? Wow, amazing! How did you find out? He dug through the garbage. [CHA SOO HYUN] I thought it was a homeless cat that was digging through the garbage. I was going to use rat poison. Man, it was a cop. A cop. Does a cat die if it eats rat poison? Lieutenant Park Hae Young. Lee Bo Young reported you for stalking her. Stalking? Digging through people's trash is stalking? Then what is a bum that eats out of the garbage? An intruder? You don't seem to understand the situation here. You're a cop and you just dug through the trash of woman who lives alone. Are you a pervert? As if that weren't enough, you sold tips to a reporter for money? Money? Me? Go through my bank account. I haven't received any money. This is just my hobby. Others fish and knit. I used my skill to share information. Is that a crime? What? You're not going to listen, are you? The higher-up's are cracking down to make sure government employees work hard. This just won't do. Come on, Detective Cha. You should report him as damaging a cop's dignity and fire him. Damage to dignity? Should I tell you how a cop damages their dignity? This is your desk, isn't it? Wonmi Parking Lot arson and Jinya burglary case. Oasis Room Salon case. Are you screwing around with me because you want your case load lessened? You have it just piled it up here. You're piling up this case and that case. And yet you drag in wrong people like me. That's damage to your dignity. It's always people like that who hide it from people front, beside, or behind. They keep it for their own eyes and keep it under their chair. "Each pair of handcuffs comes with 2.5 liters of tears." They keep something like this and say to themselves. "I'm still a good cop." Something like that. Isn't Batman too much? I guess this is like a detective, but... That is the desk of a marketing business man. Hey, hey, hey. Don't do it. The investigations guide is used to put under hot ramen pots. All his recent reading materials are golf books. You punk. More important than that are these colorful business cards. I bet my life that Lee Bo Young's manager's card is in here. You guys are investigating because you received the manager's request. Otherwise, why would Violent Crimes be looking into trash digging? Is this the dignity you were referring to? What a joke. Is there anymore damage that can be done to this country's police? They say you should say right things even if you're mouth is crooked. But, you speak crookedly even with a proper mouth. Well, what kind of cop has dignity anyway? They don't teach that at the Police University, right? That's why you go around digging garbage. I wasn't digging. I was investigating. By the way, why are you dropping honorifics? Why are you being like that? We're all undignified here. I dropping honorifics because I can. Detective Cha, Violent Crimes Team 1. Yes, I understand. It was about to get fun. I had fun. She wants to forget about it. She may have, but I can't. I'm going to reveal that you got bribed and investigated this. - Let go. - Yeah, let's make this fun. Garbage bag versus taking a request. It's a big match. You will both be embarrassed. Let's see who will win this thing. Sit down. Oh, look at the time. Just know that I'm overlooking it this time. He has no manners for such a young kid. - Gosh. - You don't need a ride, right? Seriously? Till the end? Lieutenant Park Hae Young, who hates cops and has dignity... Find a new start before it's too late. You're not suited to be a cop. Let's not meet again. Have you heard from the credit card company? I gave the call logs to him already. - Anything new on the Yoon Jung case? - Not yet. Why are you here? Are you here with your mom? Are you lost? Why are you here? You get home right away, kid! Hey! Hurry up, Lee Jae Han. Okay. [AUGUST 3, 2000] [5 DAYS, 5 HOURS AFTER KIM YOON JUNG'S ABDUCTION] - Get that on the screen. - Yes, okay. Okay, size it. Hello, sir. - Start. - Yes. I'll start the briefing on Kim Yoon Jung's abduction. The kidnapping occurred on July 29 after she was let out by the school around 1 p.m. It was reported that same day at 6:44 p.m. A letter asking for 50 million won was sent 53 minutes after. Everyone, please cooperate. We are the Jinyang Police. We arrived at the cafe Firenze, which was named in the letter. The suspect was not on scene. But his fingerprints were on the table. We were able to determine the suspect's identity. Suspect's name is Seo Hyung Joon. He is 21 years old. He is a medical student enrolled in Sangjin University. We deployed police to his apartment, hometown, and school immediately. But he had already run and we have yet to capture him. What about tracking his cell phone? He has not paid his bill for two months, so it is not activated. Have you checked his credit card usage? He had credit issues and had a debt of 50 million won. His credit cards are closed, so we can't track him that way. This world is full of bad people. That man who kidnaps a child for 50 million won is bad. All of you, who can't catch him in this tiny country, are even worse. Hey, bird brains. Don't you know what this case means? The entire country is watching. You found the suspect and you can't even catch him? We do have a lead. I looked through his card usage. I noticed a lot of items and brands that a woman would use. Seo Hyung Joon had a girlfriend. He spoke to his closest friend recently about difficulties with a woman he loved. But he didn't reveal a name. We're still digging around. But, we haven't figured out who it is. Chief! Yoon Jung's family have received another blackmail letter. They want 50 million won by 10:00 at Seoyoung Park. What are you all doing? Why aren't you going? About that blackmail letter and the cafe the suspect was in... Seo Hyung Joon's prints were there, but they were only of his right thumb. If he touched the table and wrote a letter his other fingerprints should be there. It's strange that it's only the thumb. It's as if someone left the prints there on purpose. So what? We should look into Seo Hyung Joon's hidden girlfriend some more. So, look into her... by yourself. You like doing things by yourself. But... you should watch your back. You should give it a rest. We looked into all the women in Seo Hyung Joon's life. You should give it a rest too. Sucking up to Chief Kim Bum Joo, that is. [CARD NUMBER, TRANSACTIONS...] [AUGUST 3, SUNIL PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITAL] Have you eaten? Yes. You sure picked a good day. You transfer on a day like today. Well... Senior? About what I said that time. I think it should be resolved this weekend or so. What? Let me finish it. And let's talk then. Detective Cha, the thing is... I thought that the garbage bag was connected to our arson case. And they said that it would be a big problem if reporters found out. They begged me to stop him. They were just asking me on a human level. It wasn't some sort bribe. Gosh, why is there so much to do? How undignified. Why are you worried about this stuff? Just give this all to me. I'll do it all. It's all right to finish by tomorrow, right? I'm really good at this stuff. I'm just bad at computers. [AUGUST 3, 2000] [5 DAYS, 6 HOURS AFTER KIM YOON JUNG'S ABDUCTION] Why did I have to be stupid and drop it? The culprit is not a man, but a woman. What is this? Something's not right. Excuse me. How could someone park here? Gosh, really? Hey! What's with today? Is it a special day? [AUGUST 3, SUNIL PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITAL] [JULY 27, 2015] [3 DAYS UNTIL THE STATUTE OF LIMITATION OF KIM YOON JUNG'S ABDUCTION PASSES] [CLOSING DOWN SOON] Really, where is he? He has no common sense. This customer is unable to pick up... Seriously... Lieutenant Park. I'm Detective Lee Jae Han. Hello. Are you there, Lieutenant Park? [WASTE DISPOSAL] This is the Sunil Psychiatric Hospital in Hanjung-dong that you told me about. There is corpse with a noose around his neck in the manhole behind the building. It's Seo Hyung Joon, the suspect of the Kim Yoon Jung case. Kim Yoon Jung's abduction case? But... his thumb has been cut off. Someone has killed Seo Hyung Joon and made it look like a suicide. Seo Hyung Joon is not the kidnapper. Someone else is the true culprit. Who are you? What are you saying? Sunil Psychiatric Hospital? Where is that? You are the one who told me about this place. Lieutenant? Why did you tell me not to come here? What... What's going to happen here? What are you talking about? Do you know me? Which branch and who are you? Ouch. What the heck? [CATCH THE CRIMINAL WHO KILLED MY CHILD.] You brought an old antique. I think I used this when I first started out. Is it that old? Are you saying this was transmitting? There are no batteries in this. There are no batteries? Yeah, it's totally fried. You came here because of that? You're not even on duty. Goodness sake. Yes, I've been overworking lately. This is just an obsession. This is the Sunil Psychiatric Hospital in Hanjung-dong. Someone has killed Seo Hyung Joon and made it look like a suicide. I'm just here to find evidence that I'm not crazy. I'm looking for evidence that I'm totally normal. Am I stuck? I am totally crazy. Gosh! That scared me. There is corpse with a noose around his neck in the manhole behind the building. It's Seo Hyung Joon, the suspect of the Kim Yoon Jung case. Oh my gosh! What am I doing right now? That radio had no batteries. It makes no sense. Seriously now. I'm wasting my time. I'm leaving. [2 DAYS UNTIL THE STATUTE OF LIMITATION OF KIM YOON JUNG'S ABDUCTION PASSES] Over here. How are the state of the bones? Is anything strange about it? Anything strange? You're the strangest thing of all. What's a dignified person like you doing here? How did you find that? Oh, that... And why did you call me? Did you want to play detective with me again? I thought it would be better to call someone I know. Okay, so I know this will sound crazy. Can you not ask me why? You know the DNA of those skeletons? Can you compare them to the DNA of Seo Hyung Joon the suspect of the Kim Yoon Jung abduction case from fifteen years ago? Kim Yoon Jung? Kim Yoon Jung's abduction? Gender is male. Looking at the length of the spine, I'd say his height was about 170 cm. What about age? It's not the person you've been looking for, Detective Cha. The age is wrong too. Looking at the condition of the bones, he was in his early 20's when he died. What about the thumb bone? I'll need to look at it more carefully. But, there's a high probability that it was cut off forcefully with a scalpel or something other sharp tool. - Do you have the results? - Yes. So did you look for it? There are three current police named Lee Jae Han. I spoke to them all. None of them knew anything about the Kim Yoon Jung abduction case. Then was that man a ghost? Who was this person anyway? Okay, all right. Just hang up. What's going on? Am I losing my mind? What is it? What's with you? How did you know that was Seo Hyung Joon's corpse? It was really him? - That was really Seo Hyung Joon? - Answer me! How did you know Seo Hyung Joon would be there? Oh, I'm going to go crazy. Let go of me, would you? The only prints of Seo Hyung Joon's found during investigation were of his thumb. But, the body we found was missing his thumb. Who cut it off? Kim Yoon Jung's kidnapper must have killed Seo Hyun Joon and cut it off. So the only person who knew the body was there is the culprit. How did you know? What, exactly, is your relationship to Seo Hyung Joon? Stop it! Is it true that Seo Hyung Joon's body has been found? Answer me! Yes. Okay, hand me all the files on the remains. Who are you to... I have to find out who and why Seo Hyung Joon was killed. The National Forensics Service is looking over the evidence now. If we can find evidence... The case is 15 years old. It's hard enough to find evidence and it's probably contaminated by now. The evidence is gone now and witnesses memory isn't reliable. That's why cold cases are difficult. But, Seo Hyung Joon's corpse is... This isn't my call! We have 29 hours left until statute of limitations comes into effect. We couldn't solve it for 15 years. Do you think you can solve it in that time? Don't make this into a big deal and follow procedure. What are you doing right now? Who is that person? What are you going to do if you know? This case is going to be closed by the National Police Agency. So stop it and just leave. Has a suspect been revealed for the Kim Yoon Jung case? Where was the corpse discovered? Chief, Chief! [SUPERINTENDENT KIM BUM JOO] Yes. I think that would be good promotional opportunity for the police. I understand. Yes. Come in. Good work. It turns out that Detective Lee Jae Han was right. What do you mean? Seo Hyung Joon was missing a thumb. They are 15 year old skeletal remains. Of course, they are damaged. They autopsy reports that it was cut off by a scalpel. You punk, how dare you talk back to me like that. Will you take responsibility if Lee Jae Han's case gets exposed too? I suppose.... suicide is the simplest way. Yes, the fax is coming in. Yes. You're sure? Years 1995 to 2000. Yes, thank you. Let's talk. Later. Are you going to give up like this? Detective Cha. You asked me before if I know the real culprit. Yes, I do know. I saw that person. I saw the person who took Yoon Jung. I didn't get a clear look at her face. But I saw the culprit. Are you... telling the truth? It wasn't Seo Hyung Joon. It was a woman who took Yoon Jung. Why didn't you saying anything until now if you saw? Did you think I wouldn't have? - It wasn't a man! - I told them. But no one listened to me. I still believed in the beginning. They were cops, after all. "If I wait a little bit, they'll catch that woman." "They will catch her someday." But time passed and nothing changed. So, I went back to the station. I went back many times and it had been years. It was the same every time. "All right. Now go back home." Just like before, no one listened. You people were always like that. I learned the reason why later. Re-opening the case of Kim Yoon Jung's abduction it meant that the police would have to admit they were wrong. The police would have to wear shame on their faces! Have you found the body of the suspect? Can you tell us the results of the investigation? Tell us what happened. Talk to us. What about the culprit? Did you get him? Are you going to pretend not to hear me like the other detectives? Detective Cha. Hey! Detective Cha! Do you not why cold cases are the worst? When you know who the criminal is and what their motive was then you know why your family died and how it happened. So even though it's hard, you can bury it in your heart. With cold cases, you don't know why or how your loved ones died. You can't forget it. Every day is like hell. So are you going to forget about it like this? The criminal couldn't take the pressure after committing the crime. He took his own life. I apologize for being so late. No. I'm saying I'll catch her. So stop it and go back. How, Detective Cha? It won't be enough even with all the cops helping you. And you're going to do it alone? Let's do it together. I'll help too. I told you. You're not suited to be a cop. Don't waste the little time I have, and go. There she is. She's coming out. Tell us about the investigation. Do you have results? You're in charge of the investigation, right? How did you find Seo Hyung Joon's body? How did the corpse look when you found it? Sorry, I have no comments right now. Are you sure it's suicide? No, it was not suicide. Seo Hyung Joon was murdered. He was murdered by Yoon Jung's abductor. - Is that true? - Stop. - Stop. Just leave. - What evidence do you have? I am the first witness who discovered the body. He was discovered at Sunil Psychiatric Hospital with a severed thumb. - It was not suicide. - That's enough. Stop him. Yoon Jung and Seo Hyung Joon's killer is a nurse who worked at Sunil fifteen years ago. She is in her mid 30's and around 165 centimeters tall. She is a nurse who has experience with a scalpel. Get him out of here now! You lived without guilt for 15 years. You're done now! We have irrefutable evidence now. Are you crazy? You said you want to catch her. This is the only way. There's no time! There are only 27 hours left. This is our last chance. Turn on the news. No, it was not suicide. Seo Hyung Joon was murdered. He was murdered by Yoon Jung's abductor. I am the first witness who discovered the body. He was discovered at Sunil Psychiatric Hospital with a severed thumb. - It was not suicide. - Who the heck is that punk? He was discovered at Sunil Psychiatric Hospital with a severed thumb. Yoon Jung and Seo Hyung Joon's killer is a nurse who worked at Sunil 15 years ago. She is in her mid 30's and around 165 centimeters tall. She is a nurse who has experience with a scalpel. You lived without guilt for 15 years. You're done now! We have irrefutable evidence now. Sunil Psychiatric Hospital? Is there anyone we know from there? I don't really know. [KANG SAE YOUNG] Did you see the news? They mentioned Sunil Hospital. Will they be able to make an arrest within 26 hours? That is the issue right now. I tried to stop it. What were you doing? I told him to do it. What? It wasn't suicide, you say? And you allowed him to say it? Are you in your right mind? What did I say to you? Does what I say mean nothing? I did what you told me to. You said to follow procedure. - What? - Detective Cha... A body was found and there was evidence of murder. Also, I even have a cop who witnessed the event. I thought that investigating this was proper procedure. - A witness? - I saw it. The kidnapper was a woman. The third level of the jungle gym came to her shoulder. If you use that to measure, she's about 165 centimeters. Necklace and bracelet were both garish and she was wearing similar shoes. Seeing as how she kidnapped a child for her purpose I think there's a high possibility that she has narcissistic personality disorder. With a personality like that, she won't care or consider others. There's no way Seo Hyung Joon colluded. She likely acted alone to begin with. Why didn't you pick up your phone? She probably got caught in the act by Seo Hyung Joon. She wouldn't have wanted to use him as it would be too risky. Kid, kid! Seo Hyung Joon would tell her to turn herself in or insist on doing it himself. - Turn yourself in now. - That's why she killed him. I'm going to call the cops. "I better kill that guy." "And then use him as my scapegoat." How would she kill a man that's stronger than her? Take him to a place she knows best. A place she's comfortable in. Also a place that has drugs that she can use to kill him. - What else should I move? - She took him to Sunil. You have to turn yourself in after this. You're crazy! Hey! She cut Seo Hyung Joon's thumb off there and killed Yoon Jung. That area was inaccessible and unknown to the public. Unlike her red lips and high heels, her nails were clean cut. That's because she couldn't get manicures for her job. She would have been an OR nurse who knew how to use a scalpel. You have no evidence at all. Are you taking the word of that young kid? - It's worth following up on. - What? The body was found where outsiders can't even enter. It was a place only employees know about. The evidence of the thumb being severed and the injection shot shows that it was someone in the medical field used to giving shots. But it wasn't a doctor. It's a log of Sunil Hospital's employees five years before they shut down. They only had two female doctors. One was in her 40's. The other was pregnant and on leave. And if you look through Seo Hyung Joon's credit card details they were all brands favored by women in their early 20's. It's been 15 years now, so she'd be in her mid-30's. So, 15 years ago the culprit worked at Sunil Hospital as a nurse. And she is currently a female in her mid 30's. Have you seen Nurse Kang? I haven't seen her for a while. I've been looking for her too, but I haven't seen her. By the way, didn't Nurse Kang work at Sunil Hospital? That thing on the news bothered me. Did you check the vitals for the patient in Room 1131? Do you think you'll be able to catch her with just that? There are over a hundred nurses in here. Are you going to meet all of them in the time we have left? We don't have to meet them all. Gosh, can't you just be quiet? We made some noise about this. We'll be able to reduce the hundred nurses from Sunil. Someone will know the culprit. You did that to get tips? Did you even get a single call? Not yet. You punk. Are you playing? We have to wait one hour. Suspecting someone you work with... First, they will try to tell themselves that it's not true. Once that person behaves suspiciously, they will call the police. Suspicious behavior? I lied on TV that I had irrefutable evidence. She thought it was hidden for 15 years. What will she do if she thinks she will get caught? She will behave out of character. She will either disappear suddenly or organize things. What are you doing? Pick up. Okay. This is Jinyang Violent Crimes, Team 1. What? The Kim Yoon Jung abduction case? Yes, yes. Go on. - Yes, this Jinyang Violent Crimes. - Yes. Yes, yes. Yes, I understand. Thank you. There's a nurse at Kyunghwan Hospital and her description is match. Name is Son Da Yeon and age 36. She told the tipster not to mention that she worked at Sunil Hospital. She said she'd meet her mom and left. It's the same with this call too. Please allow us to officially investigate. We are going over everything we found at Seo Hyung Joon's crime scene. If we could find something small we could do a DNA test with our suspect and get our kidnapper. If something goes wrong, I'll take full responsibility. You'll take responsibility? Who are you to take responsibility? Get the culprit and get a confession. Or get evidence that you have the culprit. You need it within 24 hours in order to prosecute. Do you have confidence? Yes. If you can't get the kidnapper you'll get it twice as bad for the incident that happened today. Cha Soo Hyun, commands and Team 2 support. Yes. [20 HOURS BEFORE STATUE OF LIMITATIONSGOES INTO EFFECT] She was the one using Seo Hyung Joon's card. She scams people and has a shopping addiction. She used it on mostly luxury brands. Lawyer Lee? She likes bright colored and unique designs. She's very aware of trends. It's very likely that she would carry around a mirror as a necessity. What was she usually like? Did she spend? No, she is paying her mom's hospital fees so she doesn't even use her card. It's not her. The culprit finds personal relationships bothersome. People like that don't even take care of animals. This is Choong Joo Hospital. She didn't work at Sunil Psychiatric. It was Sunil Neurology. The person who called in the tip didn't like the nurse. If you look at the crime process, she's bold and a quick thinker. She will to do anything to benefit herself. We must catch her. [6 HOURS BEFORE STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS GOES INTO EFFECT] Yes, Jinyang Violent Crimes. I'm calling because of Kim Yoon Jung's abduction case. Where? Seoul Young In Hospital? She worked in surgery before working in Sunil Psychiatric Hospital? Yes, that's right. Where is she now? She suddenly disappeared after the news yesterday. Her phone is off too. I feel bad after suspecting my co-worker so I had second thoughts. Then I checked her cabinet. I noticed some suspicious things. - Seoul Young In Hospital? - Yes. I sent you a picture. Take a look. What did he say? What happened? Did you arrest her? She's not home. I checked every place she'd be, but I don't see her. - Cellphone? - That cellphone is still turned off. This is Kang Sae Young's credit card activity. She recently reserved a hotel room. Where is this Shilo Hotel? You punk! It's in Busan. I wrote it there. In Busan, Busan. Gosh. We don't have time. It's already past 9:30. Hey, contact the branch in Busan. Tell them to use a chopper or whatever! Okay. [1 HOUR AND 40 MINUTES BEFORE STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS COMES INTO EFFECT.] Did you get her? What is going on? I heard that someone else is the killer. Then do you have the killer who killed my Yoon Jung? Didn't you say you caught the killer? Please just tell me something. Why is nobody talking? You have to tell me that you got the killer who killed my Yoon Jung. What happened? We're not done with going through the evidence yet. We only have one and a half hour. I'm going to the court house to wait with the prosecutor. You get her confession. That's the only way we can get the arraignment submitted. Kang Sae Young, that's you, right? July 29, 2000 you kidnapped Kim Yoon Jung from Ginyang Elementary School. You got 50 million won from the family as a ransom. And then brutally murdered Kim Yoon Jung. Is that accurate? I did no such thing. Why are you doing this to me? You worked at Sunil Hospital in year 2000, correct? Yes. Where and how did you meet Seo Hyung Joon? I don't know that person. You don't know who Kim Yoon Jung or Seo Hyung Joon is, huh? Then why did you go into hiding after yesterday's news aired? What hiding? I didn't. You should just go back now. You did all you can. What kind of shoes were they? I couldn't figure that part out. Why would she not pack her new high end shoes? Did you see what kind of shoes she was wearing? I'm not sure. I think they were brown. - Were they brown? Is that correct? - Yes. Yes, they were brown. Why was your phone turned off? I lost it. I just took a day off from work. You can ask Nurse Yoon about it. Nurse Yoon? She said she'll let the hospital know for me. Gosh, this person won't listen! What the heck are you doing? This woman isn't her. The mug handle was placed by a left-handed person. The scissors were also for left-handed person. The owner of the cabinet... The culprit is left-handed. It can't be... The informant said... It can't be... Who is she? Yoon Jung and Seo Hyung Joon's killer is a nurse who worked at Sunil 15 years ago. She is in her mid 30's and around 165 centimeters tall. She is a nurse who has experience with a scalpel. Sunil Psychiatric Hospital? Do we know anyone from that hospital? I'm not sure. What if the culprit is at our hospital? She's bold and is a quick thinker. She will do anything for her benefit. Did you see the news? They talked about Sunil Hospital. Nurse Yoon, you were also at Sunil Hospital, right? I figured out the time left until the statute of limitation, and called. To make us waste our time on Kang Sae Young. I was wrong. [YOON SOO AH] I was sure she would run. She misled the police, who were running out of time and getting desperate. We can't let it end like this. The kidnapping case 15 years ago, and now! She's showing off her criminal tactics. She thinks that she's better than others. That she can manipulate and control the police. I'm sure she's close by. She's probably watching see how we're being manipulated. Send Yoon Soo Ah's information to my phone. - Okay. - Let's go. Hurry. When did you meet that woman at the hospital again? Around 7:30. Yes, check the CCTV from Youngin Hospital to Jinyang for me. The plate number is 20, Ma, 8178. Detective Cha. [40 MINUTES BEFORE STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS COMES INTO EFFECT.] I found her! I'm sure she's close by. She's probably watching to see how we're being manipulated. Yoon Soo Ah. [20 MINUTES BEFORE STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS COMES INTO EFFECT.] If you can't catch the perpetrator again, how unfortunate for the one who died. Why? Okay, it's getting big. You're finished now. I think this will be my last message. What the heck did you do to me? You should take the responsibility. That's the least you can do. - What is this? - The most famous cold case in Korea. I think it'll be worthwhile. Not all cops are the same. Why don't you just tell us to rest and not work? Let me just sleep for two months. Detective, it's me Park Hae Young. I'm Policeman 22. I'm in Youngsan forest. Where are you? That transmission was real? Hey! Is anyone here? With this radio, we can save. Detective, Detective? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 