Signal: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Signal 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Signal (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 The search for the serial killer continues as the main protagonist tries to change the case by communicating with a detective from the past. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [SIGNAL] [SIGNAL] Lieutenant Park. It's Detective Lee Jae Han. Who are you? Sunil Psychiatric Hospital? What's with you? How did you know that was Seo Hyung Joon's corpse? Are you crazy? You said you want to catch her. This is the only way. Detective Lee Jae Han? Thanks to you, we solved the case. You saw the news, right? Which precinct are you at? I think this might be my last transmission. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I will be setting up an official cold case squad in Seoul. You told me that was Senior's first case, right? Gyeonggi Nambu serial murder case. This is the most famous cold case in Korea. So he did move away. I think it's worth a try. I have to deal with all sorts of things now. Detective Lee Jae Han? Officer 22, Gyeonggi Youngsan precinct. Ohsung mountain? She was found in a field of reeds next to the thorn tree forest by Highway 3. Who are you? Do you have a Lieutenant Park Hae Young on your team? Well, I heard something weird on the radio. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Get out of here! - Was I hearing things? [ATTEMPTED MURDER - LEE MI SUN] [ATTEMPTED MURDER - LEE MI SUN] Those transmissions were real? [EPISODE 3] [ATTEMPTED MURDER, LEE MI SUN] [ATTEMPTED MURDER LEE MI SUN, HOUSEWIFE] [NOVEMBER 5, 1989 HYUNPOONG STATION TRAIN TRACKS] Hey, hey. Did you do this? What are you talking about? The victim Lee Mi Sun is listed as as alive. That is correct. She is alive. [ATTEMPTED MURDER, LEE MI SUN] - Yes, what is it? - It's Lee Mi Sun. The one who died near the Hyunpoong Station train tracks. What are you talking about? That was only an attempt. What do you mean by that? What attempt? Lee Mi Sun definitely died. Profiler Park Hae Young. Can't you read? Lee Mi Sun most definitely survived that attack. I... I will untie you. Okay, I'm going to help you out. Just hold on. It's all right. I'm a policeman. Hold on. - What are you doing... - You little punk. Wait! Why are doing this? You punk. What can I do for you? I'm Lieutenant Park Hae Young with the Seoul Metropolitan Police. Are you Detective Kim Tae Young the one who was in charge of the Gyeonggi Nambu case? Wait, I just need to ask you one thing. Leave. I have nothing to say. About Hyunpoong Station... Did Lee Mi Sun really survive and live? What happened back then? Everything happened because of that darn officer. Officer Lee Jae Han from the Youngsan precinct. Lee Jae Han? He was saying some nonsense about a radio transmission he had received. Radio transmission? That guy ruined everything. That guy did! Hello. Get out. Hurry up! Gosh, I can't believe this. Seriously... - Is this him? - Yes, I caught him on the scene. There is also a witness who was nearly attacked. Detective, it really isn't me. Be quiet. Take this guy inside. Why are you doing this to someone who's done nothing wrong? This is so unfair to me! - I'm going insane here. - Just get in. I'm telling you that it's not me! - Good work. - Thank you. Good job. It's Detective Lee Jae Han. Are you there, Lieutenant Park Hae Young? It's the corpse of Seo Hyung Joon, the suspect of the Kim Yoon Jung case. Seo Hyung Joon died in the year 2000, but he said it was a body. He didn't say it was skeletal remains. I think this might be my last transmission. Year 2000... last transmission. But, this is not the end. They will happen again. At that time... You must convince me. The year will be 1989. The Lee Jae Han of that time. Officer Lee Jae Han of the year 1989. Officer 22, Gyeonggi Youngsan precinct. Officer Lee Jae Han, who is this? Is there a cop in this country who doesn't know that? The seventh was in a field of reeds by Highway 3. The eighth was on the train tracks by Hyunpoong Station. Everything happened because of that darn officer. Officer Lee Jae Han from the Youngsan precinct. About the eighth murder occurring on the Hyunpoong Station train tracks... Get out of here! He was saying some nonsense about a radio transmission he had received. There's no way. This makes no sense at all. Officer 22, this is Officer Lee Jae Han from the Youngsan precinct. Officer 22. Officer Lee Jae Han, Youngsan precinct. Who and where are you? Who are you? Lieutenant Park Hae Young? Yes, it's Lee Jae Han. Who are you, seriously? What have you done to me? I'm not sure what you're trying to say. But I did catch the killer on the Hyunpoong train tracks. Everything is thanks to you, Lieutenant Park. But I'm just asking because I'm so curious. How did you know about the Hyunpoong train tracks? Are trying to joke around with me right now? Where are you right now? I'll be there immediately, so tell me. Where are you? Where else would I be? I'm in front of Ohsung precinct. I just handed over Choi Young Shin. [SUSPECTED ARRESTED - CHOI YOUNG SHIN] You really... arrested Choi Young Shin? Yes, I caught Choi Young Shin. [SUSPECTED ARRESTED - CHOI YOUNG SHIN] He was a young unemployed kid. Are you really telling me that you're in the year 1989? Why do you keep acting this way? Are you sick or something? I'm not sure what you're up to here. But, if you're really in the year 1989. Choi Young Shin will die! You people are driving me crazy! Are detectives allowed to treat a person like this? Get up! - Get up! - Hey, punk! Get walking now. What are you doing? Detective, hold on a bit. Wait up. What are you talking about? Why would Choi Young Shin die? [DIES DURING INVESTIGATION OF SEIZURE] Choi Young Shin is not the killer! While Choi Young Shin is dying the eighth victim dies in front of the Ohsung-dong Supermarket. If you really are a cop in 1989, you should be able to stop this. What in the world are you talking about? Hello... Lieutenant? Lieutenant? Hurry up! Walk properly! What kind of games do you think you're playing? What's wrong with him? No, you can't. What's going on? What is it? What, what! Hey, hey! You can't die. Min Joo... Another victim has been found! By the Ohsung-dong Supermarket. She's the eighth victim. Choi Young Shin is not the killer. While Choi Young Shin is dying the eighth victim dies in front of the Ohsung-dong Supermarket. [UNFORTUNATE DEATH OF YOUNG MAN WHO DIED AS A SUSPECT] Even the articles have changed. [YOUNGSAN PRECINCT, OFFICER LEE JAE HAN] How could this be? Those transmissions were real. Just a moment is all I need. Didn't you hear me telling you to get out? We are re-investigating the Gyeonggi Nambu case. Your wife was the only one to survive... I've already spoken to the detectives. It was dark and she couldn't even see his face. I know it's forward of me to ask, but could I look at your wife's belongings? Like you said, my wife lived through that terrible attack. But, do you know what really killed her in the end? It's people like you. "What happened? How did it happen?" She doesn't want to remember, so why do you ask again and again? You were the ones who drove her to her death. I am sorry. I'll come back another time. I'm sorry. What brings you here? Are you always this way? Does it scare you that I'm always this way? We don't only get scorned and insulted by other detectives. The families of victims are worse. If you can't catch the criminal, it's pretty bad. Excuse me. I'm sorry about my dad. Reporters and other people keep coming by. He's had a very hard time. I'm sorry to ask you this. But has your mother spoken to you about the incident? We haven't heard about the incident. Back at the store, you asked to see my mom's belongings. She rarely went out and mostly stayed home. There really isn't much. What about a diary or journal, something like that? No, this is it. Even if she were alive now... I'm sure she told the detectives everything back then. She told me that she tried her very best in that investigation. She said that it was because of him that we could even had that photo. The officer who rescued her on the Hyunpoong train tracks. She was pregnant with me at the time. If he had come even a little later... If he hadn't been there at that place at that exact time neither my mother nor I would be in this world. She went looking for him a few times, but he wouldn't meet with her. She couldn't thank him in person. So she said she had to be good to other detectives at least. Thank you. - Thank you. - Bye. Why aren't you doing the analysis I assigned you? What's your real reason for being here? Well... Answer me. Why have you come see the families? What if... What do you think it would be like if you could get communicate with the past? This might sound like complete and utter nonsense... So you got some sort of message from the past and came to see the family? You call that an excuse? I just can't communicate with you. All right then. I will just go back to doing my duties. I would ask someone to protect a person important to me. What? If I could communicate with the past, that is... What if that makes everything into a big mess? If I do nothing, I'd regret that too. Isn't it better to try something even if it becomes a mess? If he had come even a little later... If he hadn't been there at that place at that exact time... neither my mother nor I would be in this world. What do you think it would be like if you could get communicate with the past? Let me finish it. And let's talk then. I would ask someone to protect a person important to me. They will start again. At that time... You must convince me. The year will be 1989. The Lee Jae Han of that time. The past can be changed. Don't ever give up. I don't know why this is happening right now. I can save them with the help of these radio transmissions. I'll save the people that die. And I can catch the killer. Eighth victim, Lee Mi Sun. Age 25. Ninth, Hwang Min Joo. Bus employee. Tenth, Kim Won Kyung. Age 22. After Detective Lee Jae Han's transmissions and Lee Mi Sun lived one less person has died, but the number of victims is the same. Hwang Min Joo, Kim Won Kyung. The victims are the same. But the dates of the deaths are earlier and the locations have changed. Are you talking about the Gyeonggi Nambu serial murders? Is there a cop in this country who doesn't know that? The seventh was in a field of reeds by Highway 3. The eighth was on the train tracks by Hyunpoong Station. Hyunpoong Station changed into attempted murder because of the transmissions. Something happened to the killer at that time. Something that forced him to kill his victims earlier. His locations were mainly mountains, reeds, narrow field paths. Places without many people where no one would be watching. The eighth and ninth were originally on a field path and a mineral spring. The new locations are an alley and in front of a supermarket. Comparatively, they are very open and used more often. His hunting grounds have changed. But... why? These are personal information of all the victims, one to nine. I'm telling you. This case is impossible. Give it a rest and look it over. I'm the only one who knows about this change. I will find out. The reason for why they were killed earlier. I need to find the killer before someone dies again. What about his face? I couldn't see because of his hat. Do you even know where you lost him? I chased him to the the street. - I thought it was him. - Just answer the questions. I'm not too sure. So, you don't know his face. You don't know anything. You call yourself a cop, huh? Saving that woman only cost you your job. But Chang Soo might have gone to jail! Stop it, stop it. Detective, can you please find Lieutenant Park for me? - If you could just find him... - Stop that nonsense. Just hand in your radio and badge. - But... - I said hand it in! I know it all. Hey, who is Park Hae Young? Where is Park Hae Young? - What is this... - Is it you? You jerk. Someone died because of you. What are you going to do? How will you take responsibility? What do you want? It has nothing to do with you. Aren't you looking for me? I'm Park Hae Young. - Do you know him, Lieutenant Park? - No. What are you doing in a police station? Sorry. Get over here. This won't do. I'm sorry. Hey! Hey! Are you okay? Maybe she didn't see me. Oh, you startled me. Officer. Are you okay? Yes, of course I am. Would you like it if I weren't okay? Well, then... Officer Lee. No, I wouldn't. Be strong. Yes. Wait a minute. Oh, sorry. This is a taser. You turn it on like this. Since the world is such a scary place. Thank you. She's inside. She's inside now. I will catch the culprit with my own hands. I'll be man and put him in jail and get promoted too. I'll be confident and ask her out on a date. Thank you... thanks. [OHSUNG POLICE DEPARTMENT] I met the families of all nine victims. The victims were all in different age groups and had different jobs. They all lived in different areas too. They had only one thing in common. The all died while taking the bus home. Really? Wow, that is an amazing thing to have in common. There was no subway back then. Of course, they took the bus. Are they supposed to walk? I put the locations of their death into the Geopros program. I got the result of a bus that is currently running. Bus 1508. I checked with the bus company. That route was around 26 years ago too. Back then, it was bus 95. The eighth victim, Hwang Min Joo, worked for that bus company too. Isn't that too strange to be just coincidence? Bus... Hey, look at this route. It goes all over Youngsan. I bet half the citizens of Youngsan took this bus. I wouldn't say this is something the victims had in common. This is something that couldn't be avoided. Senior Kim is right. It's a little lacking to be considered a lead. Right. What about Hyunpoong Station? Bus 95 goes by Hyunpoong Station too. Yes, that's right. About where is that? Here. Detective Cha is right. Bus... it's the bus. The person who attacked me was definitely the killer. Hey! He went this way. Where was it that I lost him? Wait! It can't be. He attacked Lee Mi Sun at Hyunpoong Station and failed. One hour later, he killed bus employee, Hwang Min Joo in front of the supermarket. And he killed the ninth two days later. Most murderers would cool off for a bit if they feel in danger of being discovered. It's because they fear being caught by the police. But he increase his rate after the Hyunpoong incident. With serial killer addicted to killing, the pattern can always change. He may not have been able to control himself anymore. What if he had a reason for needing to do what he did? This is where Lee Mi Sun was attacked. But suddenly he was discovered by the officer. Where would he have run to? He can't go towards the station because the train station employee is there. Running on the train tracks exposes him too much, so that's not possible. The only way left... are these neighborhood streets. At the end of these streets... That's right. It's Bus 95's route. It's the bus stop. Hey, bus. Stop! Hey, you punk! What are you doing? The reason he wasn't caught and the reason he sped things up was that bus. He wasn't choosing his eighth, ninth, and tenth. He was killing off witnesses who had seen his face. That's why he killed them quickly before investigation could start. What is this? Did you meet the detective in charge before I did? There was someone who said... something exactly that absurd back then. - What? - That officer who saved Lee Mi Sun. He said the killer was on the bus. And that's why Hwang Min Joo died. It's the bus! I'm sure it's bus 95. If you talk to the people on that bus, you'll know who the culprit is. Then you can catch him! We're investigating everyone for the Hwang Min Joo case right now. Why don't we just check? I was walking home on the streets because I was done work. I saw something weird on the street so I took a closer look. I didn't even think that it could be Miss Hwang. Yes, I was the last person to see Min Joo alive. I really don't know anything though. She was on the last bus, so she went home saying she was tired. - Lee Chun Goo. - Yes? You drove the bus that Hwang Min Joo worked on that night, right? Yes, I did. Did anyone get on at the Hyunpoong stop? He was in a black jacket and in his early to mid-20s. You remember, right? Hyunpoong stop is the very last stop. - There aren't many riders. - Right? So you do remember? Someone ran onto your bus, right? It was yesterday, so I remember it very clearly. No one got on the bus? Are you certain about that? Yes, no one got on at that stop. That can't be right. I know it was him in the streets. I lost him at the bus stop. You're not lying, are you? If you're theory is correct, wouldn't this driver be the first one dead? He would know the murderer's face most clearly. Is that correct? That's what the bus driver said back then. That no one got on at that stop. Is he still alive now? - What? - The bus driver. Why? You think the killer would have killed him too? His health must not be great. He's in a medical center. But he's still alive and well. - At the bus stop? - Yes. No one got on at Hyunpoong stop, according to your memory? That's right. No one got on. It was a long time ago, but he says he remembers it well. He says no one got on at that stop. What about that female co-worker who saw Hwang Min Joo last? I was supposed to see her at her place yesterday. But she must have been out. No one was home. Give me her address. We'll go. Detective Cha, what are you planning to do? Do you have another lead? Cold cases are all about finding what past detectives missed. We need to confirm if it's truth or if it was fiction. Let's go. The roads to her place are narrow and cars can't get in. I guess you're starting to trust me. I do tend to get along well with intellectual people. What a joke. Hurry up. Seriously, she won't let it go. I think we're almost there. Why are the roads so busy? Doesn't this look like the street we drove by before? Are you mad? Why would I be mad? Then why are you so silent? What do you think he's doing now? The killer. He is completely addicted to killing. He can't resist the temptation of it. He manipulates the detectives. He has never been subjected to an investigation. So, why did he stop? "He is probably dead." "He is probably in jail for another crime." "Or he might have immigrated to another country." People said all sorts of things. But... What if he's still in our midst? Average people wouldn't even know. That he is a serial killer. Anyone here? It's the police. You're entering without permission. I don't know... That... that knot. It's the same as that knot from before. It's him. It has to be him. It's a murder, isn't it? Give us an answer! Is the method used the same as the Gyeonggi Nambu killer? Has it started again after 26 years? Is the killer back? How far have you gotten with the investigation? Please, give us an answer. What happened? I have confirmed it yet. I'm... Yes, I understand. Is it true? The M.O. is the same, but we can't be sure of anything yet. The cold case squad is assessing the crime scene. Once we are finished, we will have an outline. You're not sure if this is same killer as the Gyeonggi Nambu serial murders. Yes. Call in your team from the crime scene. That case falls under the jurisdiction of Gyeonggi. Gyeonggi's Violent Crimes team will take over. Our team is investigating the Gyeonggi Nambu serial murders. We have more files and information on this case. Even if we collaborate, it won't be enough. It's wrong to exclude us from the investigation. That's why you shouldn't collaborate. Have there been any visitors on the third floor? No, there haven't been. You must not be friendly with her. Wow, how long has it been? We should have a meal together sometime. You're looking good these days. It's the detectives from Gyeonggi. They're my juniors. They must be here because they're interested in the case. Well, who isn't interested in this case, right? Hey, I was so surprised. Who knew that he would kill again after 26 years. He got totally scared off because we started investigating again. Who gave you guys permission to enter the crime scene? Hey, Park In Ho. Why are you going so overboard? Keep going, you guys. This case is under the jurisdiction of Gyeonggi. You should all go. Hey, what's wrong with you? What's up with you? What's going on here? Are there hidden cameras or something? This is pretty funny. It is. Okay, all right. If you need information, I'll get you everything you need. Do you think I'm like you, Senior? I don't accept information or money under the table like you do. If I did and got demoted like someone I know, that would be embarrassing. Hey, it's me, Gye Chul. Did you forget that you used to wash my socks for me? There's a natural order even in shitty water. A person of lower rank shouldn't drop honorifics like that. - Let's go in. - Yes. So if we're the same rank, I can drop honorifics with you? This is our case, so get lost. What? Are there no ethics in our line of work? Why are you sticking your spoon into my food? Who are you? I'm the profiler. Lieutenant Park Hae Young of Seoul Metropolitan Police. The Gyeonggi Nambu case was ours, if you think about it. That's why we're suffering like this right now. Because you guys couldn't catch the guy. - You bastard. - Stay calm. He stayed quiet for 26 years. The cold case squad started investigating and provoked him. You guys are the ones who caused this death. - You think you can say that to me? - Don't grab me! - Hey, let go. - Let go of me! - You let go! - No, you let go. - Hey! - You punk, let go! You stay right there. What do you think you're all doing! This is a crime scene! What are you all doing here? Aren't you going to recover the evidence? Cha Soo Hyun, do you think we're enjoying this? We're only here because the higher-ups told us to come here. Higher-ups, yeah right. You just want to solve a big case and move up the ranks. Wow, really... It's been a long time since I've seen you. What a nice thing to say to me. Okay, you can have the case. Be careful not to overlook anything. - Detective Cha, what are you saying? - Pull out. No, we can't do that! Pull out! Let's go inside. Please leave. Get going now. Crap. I'm going to the National Forensics Service. Take everything back to our office and you can go home for today. Are you really ending things like this? Help out with the boxes. That detective wasn't wrong. That victim's death is on us. So we have to do this. What are you saying? He's right. She died because we started the investigation. So should we stop investigating? Should we do nothing and not catch the culprit? She was killed by the culprit and we need to catch that person. But we're quitting! Park Hae Young. What do you do on this team? You may not be quite a profiler yet. But you're still a profiler. While I'm the center of Seoul wrestling with evidence and witnesses you have to looking down on me from the moon like Armstrong on Apollo 11. Whether it's the evidence, witness, or case look at them from a distance. You can't ever let emotions cloud your view. Don't let your emotions get the best of you. It's because of us... no... She died because of me. If it wasn't for that radio transmission. What? I'm going to turns things back to before. If I still have a chance. Park Hae Young! [NINTH, HYUNPOONG STREET, KIM WON KYUNG] [GYEONGGI NAMBU SERIAL MURDERER RE-EMERGES] The transmissions always arrives at 11:23 p.m. Please, you can save her. You're sure you chased him into this street? Yes, it really was the bus stop. But why did you go to Hyunpoong train station at all? Well, I was just patrolling. I looked into it and you were off-duty. Well, that's... Were you in on it from the start with the murderer? What? Why? Why would I? Hey, look into his alibi for all the other murders. Okay. What are you doing right now? Why would I do such a thing? What are you doing? Let me go! I told you it's not me. Why would I do it? We'll decide whether it's true or not. Hey! What are they doing? Detective Lee Jae Han? Detective Lee Jae Han? It's me, Park Hae Young. Are you listening? Detective, Lee Jae Han? Over here... hey. The radio, the radio! That guy did it. He said that someone would die at Hyunpoong Station. Someone else has died. Look, look! He said it again. Hey... hey! Because of me, no... She died because of us. If you really are in the year 1989, please stop it from happening. Look, there he goes again. Excuse me, wake up. Is anyone there? I know you may not believe me, but this is the year 2015. Listen to that guy. He says it's 2015. He's crazy! You need to catch that guy! We still haven't caught the killer. We still have one chance. There is one Gyeonggi Nambu victim who has not died yet. If you could catch the killer then, the present time could change too. The ninth victim is Kim Wong Kyung, an office employee. November 7, 1989 at 9:30 p.m. On the streets of Hyunpoong-dong. Kim Won Kyung. Office worker... Won Kyung. - You're home? - Are you going somewhere? I came out to see if you were coming. - Really? - Yeah. - I made you crab stew. - Sounds so good. I put fermented soy bean in it, and it's so good. I don't know it you're listening to me right now. I'm begging you, please. Catch the killer. An office employee. Are you crazy? Why would Won Kyung die? I don't know why these radio transmissions started either. I don't know what else might go wrong with this message I send you. But, we can change things. We can catch the killer and save people. It happened the evening of November 7 in the streets of Hyunpoong-dong. You punk! Where are you? Where are, I said? Where! Where are you? Huh? Hey... why aren't you answering me? Answer me! Answer me, now! Answer me, you punk! Wait a minute. Okay... Uh, excuse me. Excuse me! Hey, you! Hey! I need to get out! Excuse me! Crap, where's the key? Over here, excuse me! Please, open the door! Hey, let me make one phone call. Don't you know who I am? - You know me, right? - What is this so early in the morning? - Detective! - He's been like this for a while. Detective, let me make just one phone call. Give just one phone call. Please? Who are you going to call? Another body may be found today. Kim Won Kyung. She's an office employee. I have to call her right now! Are you insane? What kind of games are you playing? I really am going to go insane. Let me make just one phone call! Just one. Just be quiet. - Detective... Detective! - Watch over him. Then, why don't you call for me? It's 8:00 p.m. already. Why don't you just call for me? [NINTH - KIM WON KYUNG, NOVEMBER 7, 1989] Why? You said you'd turn things back? You spent the night here? What did you turn back? Did you turn the white board around? I can't end it like this. Did anyone say it's ending? - You're all here early. - Hello. The Gyeonggi district is suffering. I heard they're getting a lot of support on this. There are barely any witnesses and no CCTV in the area. They're having some difficulties early on in the investigation. I suppose they might get a better direction with more time. Things are different now than it was 26 years ago. Investigative techniques have improved. But until then, we're in a better position. It was their mistake to exclude us from the investigation. We have a lot more information than them. What are you talking about? You're the one who told us to pull out. I told you pull out of the crime scene. I never said to end our investigation of the Gyeonggi Nambu case. They have the Jung Kyung Soon murder case. Our case is... the Gyeonggi Nambu serial murder case. We just need to catch the murderer first. Yeah, but we're lacking leads. Don't you know that half of being a violent crimes detective is networking. So, why did you go to forensics? According Doctor Oh Yoon Seo this victim is different than previous victims in the past. 26 years ago, victims were killed after they were tied up. This time, she was tied up after she was killed. Are you saying it's not the same killer? We can't say if it is or not. But I can be sure of this. This culprit is definitely related to the Gyeonggi Nambu case. It's the knot, isn't it? The public knew that the victims were tied up with a unique knot. Pictures of the knot were never revealed. But the knots used in this murder were exactly the same. If we can catch this killer... we will be able to find out who the Gyeonggi Nambu killer is as well. No wonder. I thought you stood aside too easily unlike your usual personality. So I did bring some things knowing this might happen. This is a broken glass cup. I got it from under the victim's body. I can take it for analysis right now. - Go on. - Okay. You said there were no CCTVs in the area, right? I think I know something to replace it. When we were driving in, I saw a moving CCTV. Delivery trucks always have black box cameras. I saw three of the same stores in the area. I'm sure they delivered around the same time. They probably drove in pretty much the same neighborhood I'll use every method in the book and get it before the Gyeonggi detectives. Detective Park is dead. Let's start from the beginning. Start from the beginning. When we arrived on scene, the window was locked from the inside. The front door lock device wasn't tampered with either. It was not a forced entry. There were no signs of a struggle by the entrance. Then there's a good chance it's someone Jung Kyung Soon knew. The culprit did nothing for 26 years, then killed once investigation started. There's a good chance that the motive was to destroy evidence. Commit crime to destroy evidence. I still have suspicions about the bus 95 driver. He knew Jung Kyung Soon and Hwang Min Joo and is related to the case. Many experts created a profile on the Gyeonggi Nambu killer. I did so as well. The opinions do contradict. But, the one thing everyone agrees on is age. A man in his early 20s who has never had a normal social relationship. At most 23 years old. Also, when Choi Young Shin was arrested, the bus driver was driving the bus. It's hard to believe he is the culprit. - What happened? - It was very close. I almost got it taken by the Gyeonggi guys. They're moving really fast. Let's go. We don't have time. Go to the bus company and find out more. I'm going to visit the driver and speak to him. Call me immediately if you find out anything, okay? Aren't you going home? It's 7:30 p.m. already. I'm going to finish what I was doing. You head home first. - Okay, bye. - Bye. What's wrong with you? Ouch, my stomach hurts. Oh... Are you okay? Oh, my stomach. Get up. Get up! I'm sorry. I just have no time. You'll wake up soon. Won Kyung, Won Kyung, Won Kyung! Hi, is Won Kyung home? No, she said she's working late today. Working late... Okay. Why? Why? Won Kyung, Won Kyung! Won Kyung... The ninth victim is Kim Wong Kyung, an office employee. November 7, 1989 at 9:30 p.m. On the streets of Hyunpoong-dong. Please, please, please, please... Did you catch the culprit? I'll go and kill him. Just answer me! The Gyeonggi Nambu killer and the profile doesn't match. Profile or whatever, just get over there now! It's all been set up. He will know very well. Something bad has happened. You don't know anything, so don't speak thoughtlessly. The real Gyeonggi Nambu killer is someone else. He will kill. He will kill again. Detective, we still have a chance. Won Kyung! No... If you change the past, the present will change too. I can't get in touch with Detective Cha Soo Hyun. It's hard to look at a dead person, so you have to find something. A way to get over it. You can't do that, Detective. Are you listening, Detective Cha? Detective Cha! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 