Signal: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Signal 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Signal (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 The main protagonist continues to try catching the culprit that kidnapped his childhood friend and after that they began a small police force which solved outdated unsolved cases and they are starting on a popular serial killer case. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [SIGNAL] All right, should we move on to our next matter of business? Lieutenant Park Hae Young, right? As if that wasn't enough, you sold tips to a reporter for money? Get a new start before it's too late. You're not suited to be a cop. Seriously? Till the end? Lieutenant Park. I'm Detective Lee Jae Han. Who are you? Sunil Psychiatric Hospital? It's Seo Hyung Joon, the suspect of the Kim Yoon Jung case. That radio had no batteries. It makes no sense. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What's with you? How did you know that was Seo Hyung Joon's corpse? Hand me all the files on the remains. We have 29 hours left until statute of limitations comes into effect. We couldn't solve it for 15 years. Do you think you can solve it in that time? But I saw the culprit. It was a woman who took Yoon Jung. You're done now! It's over now. - Are you crazy? - This is our last chance. If something goes wrong, I'll take full responsibility. I'm calling because of Kim Yoon Jung's abduction case. Cha Soo Hyun commands and Team 2 supports. Why are you doing this to me? This woman isn't her. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The kidnapping case 15 years ago, and now! She's showing off her criminal tactics. She figured out the time left until the statute of limitation and called. I'm sure she's close by. She's probably watching to see how we're being manipulated. Yoon Soo Ah. [20 MINUTES BEFORE THE STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS COMES INTO EFFECT] [EPISODE 2] [10 MINUTES BEFORE STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS COMES INTO EFFECT] Let me borrow this. I said we should just put the fix in. Don't you think she knows that? Do you think this is 1988? What do you mean we fix it? - Where do you think you are, punk? - We need just three to five minutes. If we have strong evidence, culprits falter in three to five minutes. If we can do that to Yoon Soo Ah, we might have a chance. Yoon Soo Ah, you are currently working at Young In Hospital. You make 3.5 million won a month. You live in a luxury Gangnam villa. You must not have much left after rent, maintenance fee, food, and travel. Yet, you had many designer goods in your cabinet. You must have a decent boyfriend at this time too. Like Seo Hyung Joon 15 years ago. I don't know what you're talking about. You showed us the cabinet yourself. Though you lied and said it belonged to Nurse Kang Sae Young. Why did you lie? I wanted to know if the police were doing a good job investigating. You lost the culprit because of you were fooled by lies before. If you couldn't apprehend the kidnapper again... that dead child would be so pitiful. So you are saying that cabinet is really yours? - Yes. - And the belongings in it are all yours? Yes. Thank you. We gained some time thanks to you. I'm saying thank you for giving us your DNA without conflict. She is in a defensive position. She's nervous and wondering what she could have missed. We need to get a confession in the next three to five minutes. Why? Are you wondering what we'll use your DNA for? Do you remember that manhole from 15 years ago? Do you know which daily used item picks up the most DNA? It's used for the persons' eyes and stays with them all day long. It's their glasses. Do you recognize them? I think you got something wrong. Those are not my glasses. I know. They're not yours. These glasses were worn by Seo Hyung Joon. You don't know where glasses hold the most evidence, do you? The spot that holds the most DNA... The nose bridge of the glasses. And whatever gets on the glasses, the highest chance that it's preserved is on this hinge right here. What do you think was found on Seo Hyung Joon's glasses? How am I supposed to know? I'm sure you don't know. That's why you threw away this item in the manhole. On those glasses, the culprit who killed Seo Hyung Joon... had left her blood on it. You're lying. There's no way you could find that 15 years later. I thought it was a lie too, at first. But even if a tiny amount of blood is found there. Ten years, twenty years... Even after a hundred years, DNA tests are possible. It's a gift that modern science has given to blood. Okay, she's hooked. This is the crucial moment. Yoon Soo Ah, you think you're the smartest person in the world. You may think the police are beneath your feet. You're wrong this time. You murdered Seo Hyung Joon 15 years ago at Sunil Psychiatric Hospital. You need to turn yourself.... You're crazy! Why? In order to hide the fact that you kidnapped and killed Yoon Jung. All because you needed 50 million won. You are guilty of abducting Kim Yoon Jung and murdering Seo Hyung Joon. You're done for now. Say it. That you killed them. You don't have anything. Irrefutable evidence. If you have it, you wouldn't need to do this. You don't even have time. You should just be charging me. Right? Do you think I'll confess if you do this? When are the DNA results coming out? Have you heard from the forensics lab? It wasn't me. I did work at Sunil Psychiatric Hospital. But I didn't kill those people. I have the results. I have the results of the DNA on Seo Hyung Joon's glasses. It was a match to Yoon Soo Ah's DNA. The results aren't out yet. Get him out of there! We have less than a minute. You killed them. Both Seo Hyung Joon and Yoon Jung! She was a child who wasn't even 12 yet. And over just 50 million won! Why did you kill her? You didn't have to kill her. You got the money, so why? Please, please, please. Please... I... [TIME LEFT BEFORE STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS GOES INTO EFFECT] did not kill her. [TIME LEFT BEFORE STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS GOES INTO EFFECT] [STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS GOES INTO EFFECT] Can I leave now? We have the results. The DNA is a 99.98% match. That woman is the culprit. Why do you tell me that now? Why! Why now? Why, why! Senior, I got this from the clothing on the skeletal remains. I don't know if it will be helpful. Yoon Soo Ah. You are under arrest for the murder of Seo Hyung Joon 15 years ago. You have the right to a lawyer. And you have the right to remain silence. What are you doing right now? We just found out the time of death for Seo Hyung Joon. Yoon Jung's statute of limitation may have gone into effect but Seo Hyung Joon's statute of limitations has not. That's ridiculous. Take her. This is nonsense. Wait a moment. What about Yoon Jung? Why can't we do it for my Yoon Jung? I'm sorry. Because we don't know her specific time of death... the statute of limitations is based on an estimate. Therefore... Yoon Jung may have passed at an earlier time than Seo Hyung Joon. Or she may have died at a later time. The law is more favorable for the suspect in this case. So... That woman killed my daughter, right? Yet, you're saying she won't be paying for her crimes, right? I am sorry. Then I'll make her pay. Get over here. Hey, get over here! You killed my precious daughter. You killed my daughter! Get over here. You get over here. You awful wench. You deserve to die. Where are you? What kind of law is this? I waited 15 years for this. I waited for her to get caught. All I did was wait for that. Yoon Jung, I'm so sorry. Your mom is so sorry. Please calm down. How could this happen? What kind of law is this? Detective, how could this happen? How am I supposed to ever face Yoon Jung again? Your mom is so sorry, Yoon Jung. Just who does the statute of limitations exist for? Seo Hyung Joon's murder was solved. Kim Yoon Jung, who was killed by the same person... Her murder will forever remain unresolved. According to the new changes in law made this August there is no statute of limitations for crimes after August 1, 2000. But, what about everything before that date? Are the criminals that murdered before August 1, 2000 innocent? For the sake of the victims who suffered before that date we need to take a retroactive look at all major crimes. That's a very sensitive topic. Some of these people have already been declared not-guilty. "Well, the law has changed, so you are guilty now." We can't do that. So the rights of criminals are important? And the rights of victims and families are not? Even if we can do this retroactively, it is still a problem. With cold cases and crimes committed before the year 2000 there are no evidence or witnesses, so the chances of solving them are low. While trying to solve those, we will lose out on current cases. Then you will create more cold cases! They need to make a cold case squad. Brother! Sun Woo! Sun Woo! [PARK SUN WOO] Like the Gyeonggi Nambu serial murders cold cases like this remain and gives our society pain. Someone needs to step forward. He's here. [GYEONGGI NAMBU SERIAL MURDERS REVEAL THE TRUTH] Any thoughts on the claims made by the victim's families? The police likely can't ignore the volume of requests made to re-open cold cases. What do you think about that? Help us. [I'M SEARCHING FOR TRUTH FOR MY CHILD. HELP ME FIND OUT THE TRUTH.] The citizens are demanding answers. Can we omit the crimes of a person once a specific amount of time passes? Someone must answer that question now. Let go! Stop right there. Now! Hey! Hey, punk. - News on statute of limitations. - Are you okay? The second bill to amend the criminal law passed the Assembly. Therefore, all criminal cases such as murder, arson, or kidnapping in Korea of violent nature, will no longer have statute of limitations. Even for the recent case of Kim Yoon Jung's abduction there is now hope for that case to be solved as well. As the statute of limitations was removed on crimes before the year 2000 it's also projected that there will be an increased effort in cold case investigations. Those simple people. We can get rid of the statute of limitations but that doesn't mean criminals we couldn't catch will suddenly get caught. Don't you agree? I will be setting up an official cold case squad in Seoul. You can be in charge. You headed that incident, so this is your punishment. "Cha Soo Hyun, Team 1 of Jinyang precinct." "This person played a large role in solving the Seo Hyung Joon case" "that occurred on July 30, 2000." "As acknowledgment for your skills, you will be transferred to Seoul." "You will be a member of the cold case squad." Why is this so long? "Anyway, you have been appointed to this position." Get her a new business card, Detective Choi. Okay. I told you to control your temper. Just look at me. I'm like the flowing water. It's best not to bother the people above us. Just think of it as a break. In the cold case squad. Gye Chul, you got a transfer order too. Is it a promotion? "To the cold case squad." Detective Choi, get another business card. Okay. Darn it. Where is the Chief? Is he at the sauna? Senior, you got a transfer order. These cold cases are a disgrace to the police. Opening up these cold cases... will reveal these disgraces. Once everyone calms down about the statute of limitations it's a department that will disappear naturally. Be quiet about it and be aware. Just play along. Like you did 15 years ago with Lee Jae Han. I don't think we have anymore to talk about. By any chance... Did a person who looked like this... come looking for you? He was about 185 centimeters tall and was wearing a navy blue shirt. A detective? He might not have told you he was a detective. I know for certain... that he said he would go to see you that day. Are you sane? If a detective had come to see me then, I would have been caught. I have nothing more to say, so you should leave. We can wait for Detective Lee. That looks good. It does. Why is it so noisy? Yes, over here. - What's going on? - Come here. He will be perfect. - Perfect for what? - Chief wants you to do it. This is him? Let's get started on the shoot. Started on what shoot? Hey, what's with you? - Yes... - Why aren't you in uniform? You're an officer. Are you playing detective? No, that's not it. - Here, take this off. - Hey. What are you doing? - Just get in the car. - What are we doing? I just got here though. Can the male detective put a more intense expression on his face? Cha Soo Hyun, more strength in your eyes too. You have to look like a female detective. Have some pride! Hold up the radio. Keep going! Detective? What detective? Yes, that's right. You can't even drive this car. How can you be a detective? I'm sorry. You have to suffer too. Wait, wait, wait. This is not right. You should have more life in your eyes. This is for the next police magazine. You can't be awkward like that. Please, one more try. Let's go once more. Why didn't they get models? Hey... Since we're stuck with this, let's give it a go. Let's put some strength in the eyes. Where is Jung Jae, that dog? Let's pretend that he's a criminal and glare at him. You mean like this? That's right! You're dead. Oh, that's great! Do that again. That's exactly what I want. Be aggressive like that. - Like this, like this? - Just like that. That's it! That's it! - Is this okay too? - A little bit more. Should I come out then? I like that. Keep going. Officer Cha, come out of the car. You should come out. Bring me that gun. - Bang! - That's great! What are you going to do now? Yes! That's perfect! Wow, seriously awesome. Lee Bo Young and Ji Sung came at that time just like you said. They don't even show up late and are thoughtful of each other. What's next? I have no more. Huh? Why not? What is it? Why not? It's not fun anymore. What? Hello? Detective Lee Jae Han? Detective. It's me, Park Hae Young. Thanks to you, we solved the Kim Yoon Jung abduction case. You saw the news, right? [AUGUST 3, 2000] But about Sunil Psychiatric Hospital... How did you know Seo Hyung Joon's body would be there? Which precinct are you at? I looked all over for you, but I couldn't find you. Also, how did you know who I was? Lieutenant Park Hae Young. I think this might be my last transmission. What do you mean... But this is not the end. They will start again. At that time... you must convince me. The year will be 1989. The Lee Jae Han of that time. It can still change. Don't ever give up. What does that mean? What exactly are you saying? Detective? Detective, are you there? You're all right, aren't you? Detective. Detective! Detective! They will start again. At that time... You must convince me. The year will be 1989. The Lee Jae Han of that time. I told you that it's not there. How many times do I have to tell you? What? Haven't they seen a detective before? Hey, get over here. Take this. - Okay. - Where are you going? I told you to come here. - I told you not to. - Why? What are you doing? Show me the way. Okay. Go on now. They'll be gone in a few months. Be good to them. - What did you say? - Just let it go. Don't. I told you to go on. Just let it go. Just let it go. They're not even wrong. Whose side are you on? The guys here got better. I think this one here is my style. Hey, just let it go. Sometimes in life, you get crap on your underwear. What's your name? My name is Hwang Eui Kyung. Yeah, so I asked you what is your name. My name is Eui Kyung. Hwang Eui Kyung. Not even Soon Kyung or Hae Kyung... It's a name destined for you. Where is it anyway? Oh, it's over there. Why didn't you say so earlier? Are you training me like a dog or something? Are you going to fight everyone? This is bad, really bad. Is this a recycling center or what? This place just has one phone. There's no computer. Do they expect us to work or not? Yeah, but we have to work, don't we? We clean and clean, but there's no end in sight. Doesn't the Special Crimes Unit even clean? I'm cleaning and cleaning, but the smell isn't going away. Why are you spraying that at me? It's getting in my eyes. Detective Cha Soo Hyun, what's with this office? It makes us look bad. You should talk to some people. Whose seat is this? How would we know? They said some profiler is coming. I doubt anyone good will come. It wouldn't be that kid who mouthed off about being a profiler. That mannerless rude jerk, right? No, no. Be careful of what you say. It can't be. Are you here? [GYEONGGI NAMBU SERIAL MURDERS] What is this? You've all been cops for a long time now. So, I'm sure you all know this case. The Gyeonggi Nambu serial murders. This is the most famous cold case in Korea. December 3, 1987. The first victim is discovered in Gyeonggi Nambu at road to Ohsung Mountain. Following that, he has killed more than ten people. He binds their hands and feet behind their back first. He strangles their throat, and he ties unique knots. Someone dies when it rains. You die if you wear red. People told ghost stories about it. It was that famous of a case. Thousands of police were invested into this in a year. Though the science was not developed during that time it was a shameful case in which we could not even find the shadow of the criminal. This is the cold case squad's first case. We're not even organized here. The Gyeonggi Nambu serial murder? Why not just tell us to sit and take a break? Detective Cha... that's the Chief. That's a 26-year-old case. There are no files or evidence. How would we investigate? And with this group... It's not possible. I think it's worth a try. That punk. My feelings weren't wrong. It's the first case of the cold case squad. It should, at least, be something like the Gyeonggi Nambu case. Don't you think so? This is not your first time meeting, right? He will be the one to analyze criminals and their danger level. Also, he will be in charge of getting the confessions. This is Lieutenant Park Hae Young. Let's work hard together. Why not tell a shaman to catch perpetrators? Shaman? He has no related degree or work experience in the field. Someone who hasn't even gone through investigation training is a profiler? With the little evidence for cold cases, the profiler is especially important. Don't give me just anyone, give me someone good. - Anyone? - Cha Soo Hyun. There are no other people. If you don't want him, then don't take him. This case is not only important for the honor of the police. The entire nation is watching. If you don't want to work, hand in your badge. What are you doing? Get to work. What? Anyone? What's with the atmosphere here? You call yourself a profiler? Does your head not work? Don't you have a brain? Did you drop honorifics? You think if you search Gyeonggi Nambu serial murders online you'll get a lot of results on it. And it will be easy to catch who did it, don't you? Look here, Lieutenant Park. Clean out your ears and listen carefully. All the hair and blood evidence is completely gone from the scene. So even if we catch the killer we have no DNA to compare it to. There is no hair or blood to compare it to, you say? That's what the problem is. They couldn't even store evidence properly. That's not all. The Gyeonggi Nambu investigation was a mess. Is there anyone in this nation who doesn't know that? And that's not the only thing. All cold cases are the same. Everyone is so lackadaisical, claiming they are busy. You think this is child's play? Some people risked their lives for that investigation. You don't even know anything. Don't speak so carelessly. Are you taking sides because they are cops too? Gosh, you sure talk nasty. You're a cop too! Just because I'm a cop doesn't mean we're all alike. I'm a new cop. You're a cop of the past. Why you little punk... - Don't do it. - This is crazy. Hey, how old are you? Forget about rank and let's fight. - Rank? - Get over here. What are you doing? - You're old. What are you doing? - Get over here. You look like you're about to hit me. Gosh, seriously... I have to deal with all sorts of things now. What did I say? The investigation was so unorganized. Science or logic, I just can't find it. That's why they couldn't find the killer. [POLICE EMPLOYMENT RECORDS] [LEE JAE HAN (2007 - 2013)] There are a total of 15 Lee Jae Han's employed by the police. By his voice, I can exclude people older than 50. If I eliminate people in high positions, that leaves six people. The Kim Yoon Jung abduction case? I don't know anything about that. [LEE JAE HAN] [LEE JAE HAN] Do you know a Kim Yoon Jung? No, I don't. I asked you to send me two. Yes, okay. Out of those remaining... three had no knowledge of Kim Yoon Jung's kidnapping case. It's one of the last three. [GYUNGSAN NAMDO, GYEONGGI-DO JINYANG] [EMPLOYEE DISCHARGED FEBRUARY 12, 2001] Did you go to the temple again? What temple? I've quit. Those talismans don't work. Don't you go on marriage setups anymore? Why do you ask? Would you like me to? Goodness. There is a saying that a woman's heart is easily swayed. There was a time that you were in love with my son. Is it done? Throw that away now. And stop bothering an old man with bad eyes. It's been 15 years. I'm saying that you should stop coming here. You told me that was my senior's first case, right? The Gyeonggi Nambu serial murders? That's right. That's when he first became a policeman. He worked so hard to catch the killer. But later he said this... He couldn't catch him with his own hands. Someone out there would. Someone out there would catch him in his place. Over there. [LEE JAE HAN (1989 - 2001)] Detective? Detective Lee Jae Han? I'm all right. Officer 22, Gyeonggi Youngsan precinct. This is Officer Lee Jae Han. Who is this? Is this really Detective Lee Jae Han? It's me, Lieutenant Park Hae Young. I hadn't heard from you in a while, so I was worried. You are safe, right? A lieutenant? I'm searching, aren't I? What does this guy want? Officer 22. This is Lee Jae Han. I'm with the new search party. Are you a detective with the task force? I'm currently south of Ohsung Mountain. I'm searching for the missing person. Missing person? We are estimating the missing person's last known location and searching for Lee Gye Sook by following Highway 3. Lee Gye Sook? Ohsung Mountain? Are you talking about the Gyeonggi Nambu serial murders? The seventh murder? She was found in a field of reeds next to thorn tree forest by Highway 3. A field of reeds by Highway 3? Is there a cop in this country who doesn't know that? The seventh was in a field of reeds by Highway 3. The eighth was on the train tracks by Hyunpoong Station. The ninth was... Over here! It's over here! It's off again. Here, we found it. Run, run, run. It's here. Over here! The seventh murder? She was found in a field of reeds next to thorn tree forest by Highway 3. Who are you? [NOVEMBER 4, 1989] [7TH MURDER, 8TH MURDER...] Awesome. Wow. People who can't study always go overboard. [GYEONGGI NAMBU MURDERS SUMMARY] I'm sure you all know this. Don't even dream about being welcomed anywhere. Investigating a cold case... it means you're telling other cops to admit they made mistakes investigating. "Why didn't you look into that?" "Why did you do it that way? Why couldn't you dig into that?" Those are the question we must ask. Be prepared to take all the insults and curses you'll take in your life now. But, you'll live that much longer, so don't feel too bad about it. Gosh, my life. This is a list of detectives who were part of the Gyeonggi Nambu case. We have to meet every single one of them. We need all their files and know everything they remember. Then we can start our own investigation. I'll meet the family of the victims. Gye Chul, you can meet the detectives who were on the Violent Crimes team. Give the files and data you get to Lieutenant Park. The evidence will be handled by Jung Hun Ki. That's it. Should I go meet the old detectives? Make sarcastic comments if you want. I'll investigate this my own way. Why don't you grow up sometime? What is this? It's something called team work. A senior of mine kept it and gave it to me. It's the seventh victim, Lee Gye Sook, and the eighth at Hyunpoong station. I promised to give it back, so you're dead if you lose it. [NOVEMBER 5, 1989] Let's go. Is it him again, huh? What kind of guy is that? He should tell you if he likes you. All he does is follow you around. Hey, I guess because he's a cop he wants to protect the girl that he likes. Oh, this was my friend's house. I guess he moved without telling me. Yeah, he moved. How noisy. Is there a cop in this country who doesn't know that? The seventh was in a field of reeds by Highway 3. The eighth was on the train tracks by Hyunpoong Station. Hyunpoong Station... train tracks. I can't tell who is who anymore. Hasn't it been three days already? You said you saw someone go by that night. We have to catch him. It was really dark at night. Still, you'll recognize him if you see him. I thought you were a marine when you were young. When would we get through all of these? There are many young men in this neighborhood. You saw about 200 so far. You have about 320 more to look at. Come on. Be strong, okay? Hello there. Who are you to come in here? I'm Officer Lee Jae Han from Youngsan precinct. I had something to discuss with the detective in charge. Where are you looking? Look at the screen. That would be me. Oh, it nothing really. Do you have someone named Lieutenant Park Hae Young on your team? Park Hae Young? I've never heard that name. Why are you looking for him? Well, I heard something weird on the radio. About the eighth murder occurring on the Hyunpoong Station train tracks... Seriously? Do you want another person to die or something? - No, it's not me. I heard it. - Get out of here! Don't you see we're busy? I'm dying because I can't sleep, and you come along. I was just confused by it. I said get out! Yes, keep working hard. Gosh, that crazy punk. You need to keep looking, okay? Was I hearing things? Excuse me. Excuse me... Why is this happening? Look, look... that radio! That thing did it. Are you playing around with me? Where are you! Are you sick or something? It's him. The knot is exactly the same. Everything has been ruined by him! What are you doing here? Pull out. - I can't hear. - I said pull back. I can communicate well with intellectuals. You must be kidding. Are you mad? What do you think it would be like to get messages from the past? I will be bold and ask her out. We've found one more victim. It's the eighth victim. After Hyunpoong Station, the killer is being reckless. Isn't this too strange to be a coincidence? You didn't make mistakes, right? Call in the team on the scene. Have they been prepared? You sure sound like the higher-up. I'm sorry. I have no time to explain. I'm going to turn the car around. What if there's still a chance? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 