Signal: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Signal 
 s1e5 - Episode #1.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Signal (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Episode #1.5 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [EPISODE 5] [ISOLATION AUTOPSY ROOM I] Detective! You came because of this person? Is he male? Yes, the gender is male. His height is about 185 centimeters. By the state of his teeth, he was in his mid-30s when he died. Where was he found? He was find in Yasan on Highway 13. Are you certain it's Highway 13? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But you should know... His shoulder is smooth. He doesn't have a metal plate in his right shoulder. I'm just curious. Who exactly are you looking for? You're famous for always being single. It can't be an old boyfriend. Thanks for everything. What was that about? She does that every time we get skeletal remains. She's looking for someone in his 30s with a metal plate in his shoulder. Who is he? I'm not sure. I'm not entirely certain. It's someone she really wants to see or someone she really wishes were dead. It's one of the two. [NIGHT DUTY ROOM] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [VIOLENT CRIMES] I'll make sure to catch him. I will. Do you promise? I promise you. I'll get him this week. How could you have entered an empty house and brought nothing out? Stop telling me this nonsense. Hello, sir! Hello, sir! Reporting for duty. Starting on September 1, 1995, I, Officer Cha Soo Hyun received orders to report for duty at Seoul District's Task Force Squad. So I am reporting for duty. Sir! Well, I'm glad you're here. I'm not sure why you applied to come here. But the people here are not so scary. You can relax a bit. I hope we can work well together. Yes. Do you have a question? Ah, am I allowed to ask questions? Of course, of course. I heard that I would need to work overnight often. Where is the night duty room for women? Hey, get up. Get up! Clean this up. Wake up. Get up already, would you? We have to empty this room. We were told to empty this room. Just wake up! I won't empty the room! What is this? Is this a bath house? Why would we have separate rooms for men's and women? If we give that room to her, where would we sleep? Should we sleep on the streets? I'll turn the third floor storage into a night duty room. You'll be all right until then. A storage? Did you say storage? Why do we have to give that to her and sleep in the storage? She's the first female officer on our squad. She's the mascot of the Police Task Force Squad. Mascot, yeah right! Anyway, just be quiet and be good to her. She is a woman after all... Look at the state of you. You know better than anyone else. I was on a stakeout for three whole days. I finally washed my clothes today and was planning on sleeping. And now you kick me out. I think this is just wrong! Please reconsider this. Yeah, this isn't right. No, it isn't. It's because I was holding onto this. - Officer Cha Soo Hyun. - Yes. Do you know what it means to wear that uniform? What? Once you put on that uniform, there is no such thing as a man or woman. Are you going to go after criminals caring whether they are men or women? No, I... Also, if you act like a girl one more time and become a nuisance... You're dead meat, seriously. You got it? Yes. Get out. Pink, pink, pink... I need to sleep. - Hey. - Yes? Turn off the lights. Okay. What are you doing? Yes, I'll be going now. Then where should I go? - Get out. - Okay. [NIGHT DUTY ROOM] [LEE JAE HAN (1989 - 2001)] Did you see Officer Lee Jae Han after that incident? Yes, of course. Every year, he visits Won Kyung's grave on the anniversary of her death. He said he'd continue being a police officer. I had worried about him, but he looked bright. And he looked healthy. Are you still in touch with him? - Have you met with him since? - No. I'm not sure when it was, but he stopped contacting me. He stopped visiting Won Kyung as well. Was that around the year 2000, by any chance? I'm not really sure. I can't recall the exact year. [EMPLOYEE DISCHARGED] I need to talk to you. You were in the Jinyang Precinct in 2000 during the Kim Yoon Jung abduction. I'm looking for a violent crimes detective that worked in that precinct. Detective Lee Jae Han. He did work in Violent Crimes with you, right? Why are you looking for Detective Lee Jae Han? It's for personal reasons. He was at Jinyang until the year 2000. Then his file says that he was discharged in 2001. Why was he discharged? Do you know what the criteria is for an officer to get discharged? Lack of mental capacity and judgment, not taking responsibility. Personality disorder, mental disorder, excess debt, and lack of morals. There's another one. When it becomes impossible for one to perform his duties. Missing. Missing? Detective Lee Jae Han? But why would he be missing? How did he go missing? Who was in charge of the case in Violent Crimes? Are the investigation files still around? Violent Crimes didn't conduct the investigation. Internal Affairs was in charge of it. Internal Affairs? - These are files you asked for. - Thank you. [INVESTIGATION ON JINYANG PRECINCT'S MISSING DETECTIVE LEE JAE HAN] [AUGUST 3, DURING THE KIM YOON JUNG ABDUCTION] [LEE JAE HAN DISOBEYED ORDERS AND VANISHED.] [LEE JAE HAN'S CAR WAS LEFT ON HIGHWAY 13.] [AFTER AUGUST 3, HIS PHONE AND CARD WERE NOT USED] [SO HIS LOCATION COULD NOT BE DETERMINED.] [CONFIRMED WITH KIM SUNG BUM THAT HE HAD BEEN THREATENED FOR MONEY.] [SCAR ON RIGHT SHOULDER FROM SURGERY INSERTING METAL PLATE.] Park Hae Young? He's digging into Lee Jae Han? How much does he know? Don't worry. The files on his investigation are perfect. No one has noticed it for fifteen years. But I am concerned about one thing. How does Park Hae Young even know Lee Jae Han? What? Lee Jae Han went missing in 2000. Park Hae Young was just a ten-year-old a kid. There was no way they would have known each other. I looked into Park Hae Young's family and close friends. Nothing links him to Lee Jae Han. A link! Whatever is going on, just watch him closely. No one must ever find out why Lee Jae Han really went missing. The evidence from the Lee Jae Han case were already disposed of. Disposed of? When? It wasn't all that long ago. It was July 27. Do you know what time the disposal company came that day? This is the CCTV from the day you asked about. It is Seo Hyung Joon, the suspect of the Kim Yoon Jung case. But... his thumb has been severed. Someone has killed Seo Hyung Joon and made it look like suicide. The last day that Yoon Soo Ah sent her last blackmail letter was August 3, 2000. Seo Hyung Joon is not the kidnapper. That night, Detective Lee Jae Han wasn't on the run. He was at this place sending me transmissions. The past can be changed. He gave his life to learn who the real culprit was. Don't ever give up. The corruption, and the fact that he went missing after... He was framed for it all. Detective Lee Jae Han was murdered. We will now hand out the special awards for these important arrests. Cha Soo Hyun of the Seoul Metropolitan Cold Case Squad, come forward. A Letter of Commendation to Seoul Metropolitan Police's highly effective cold case squad led by Cha Soo Hyun. They accomplished the exceptional work of solving the Gyeonggi Nambu serial murders. In doing so they've raised the status of the police. Therefore, this commendation is awarded. Signed on October 28, 2015 by Superintendent Kang Shin Hwan. Moving on, we will do a ceremony for the Seoul's forensic team. Team Leader, Lee Jang Hyuk. Please come forward. Is this really an awards ceremony? It's supposed to be, but it feels like we're being punished. Detective Lee Jae Han? To put it simply, he was just crazy about money. He would just suck and suck it away from me. He was like a vampire. With a straw in me. A key witness, pictures, and money. The frame job for Detective Lee Jae Han's bribery charge is perfect. Like a well-plotted play. Who and why? I don't know why anyone would plant evidence and frame him. But without someone within the police organization it's impossible to do a job like this. A frame job within the police organization. Next, we will move onto... We got an award as soon as we opened up shop! Now we've got investigation funds and vacation time. We must really be the aces. We solved a 15-year-old abduction case and solved the Gyeonggi Nambu case that had been cold for 26 years. It wasn't us. It was Park Hae Young. What kind of nonsense are you saying? We solved the abduction case because he found Seo Hyung Joon's body. Now that you mention it, that's true. Wasn't that just luck? Seo Hyung Joon's body was found in a manhole of a closed hospital. That would be hard to find, even for the luckiest person. Don't you think? Lieutenant Park Hae Young? It was luck, wasn't it? Do you really need to ask? What kind of work do I do? It was through Yoon Soo Ah. I found it through profiling. That's just basic stuff. All right then. I'll see you all again with a smile on my face after my break. He profiled Yoon Soo Ah even before we caught her? That kid. He's digging with a shovel in front of a Poclain machine. Look at him lying in front a detective. Park Hae Young? You're certain it's Park Hae Young of the cold case squad? He was asking details about Detective Lee Jae Han. I answered properly. You didn't make mistakes, did you? I answered just like I did fifteen years ago. Don't call me for the next while and act like you normally do. Don't go on any trips either. - Do as you usually do. - Don't worry. When? 11:23 at night. Duration of time? Not yet confirmed. First transmission, year 2000. Lieutenant Park. It's me, Lee Jae Han. Second transmission, year 1989. Officer 22, Yongsan precinct. Who is this? Where? There is no consistent location. Who? Detective Lee Jae Han. I haven't sent and received transmissions with anyone else yet. Would it be possible if it were not Detective Lee Jae Han? I can't confirm. What? How? Why? Why? Sun Woo... Did you wait long? - Sun Woo. - Yeah? Why do people need to sleep? Because you worked hard all day, so your brain is telling you to rest. Why do people need to work so hard? That way, you make money. Like Mom and Dad. Then do other kids not see their parents much either? They never come home saying they're making money. Hae Young, you have so much you're curious about. I bet you'll grow up into a great person. Why? It means you have that much interest in what's going on in the world. Oh really? Then... how come the postman rings the doorbell two times? Huh? Why does a parrot cry with its body? [PARROT, CRIED WITH IT'S BODY] Does a parrot cry with its body? [A STOLEN APPLE TASTES BETTER] Why does a stolen apple taste better? A stolen apple? Yeah. Transmissions don't come everyday. But the times stay the same. 11:23 p.m. I estimate that the duration is approximately a minute. I can't be sure. We saved Lee Mi Sun through our transmissions. Choi Young Shin and Jung Kyung Soon, who should not have died, died. If the past changes... the present will change. [SEPTEMBER 10, 1995] Who's there? - Where is he? - Which way? - Over there! - That way. Hurry up! Get him! We got him. We got him. Why are you grabbing me? Did you get him? What are you all doing? How embarrassing, seriously. - Let him go. - What? - Let him go. - Let go of me, would you? Why the heck are you grabbing my leg? Don't you see this? I came out to poop during the stake out. What happened? Did we get him? You idiots! How many of you are there that you can't even catch him? You can't even catch the culprit. How can you go take a dump? You can't catch the guy. How can you even eat that bread? Gosh, what's that smell? I can't catch him so why should I wash myself. I haven't washed myself this whole time. Where were you running when you got caught? Where would I be running to? I heard someone shout "over there", so I ran over there. How about you? I ran over there too. So why wasn't the criminal over there? There were a bunch of cops on the scene. Where did he run off to? For someone who couldn't catch the guy, you sure are very curious. For someone who couldn't catch the guy, you sure aren't curious enough. These are the ex-cons in Seoul that are skilled at using crowbars. Take some each and search them or do whatever you need to. Bring me anyone who looks suspicious. Chief, we already looked through them all. It has to be one of these people. Could there be many people who know have to open a safe like that. As of yesterday, it's been four homes. A congressman was robbed. And a chairman of a company. As well as a high-flying lead prosecutor was robbed. Before the Superintendent get fired over this go catch the criminal. Now! Okay. - Is it this car? - Oh, you scared me! Wow, this car is nice. It must be new. It's used. Where did you get the money? I borrowed it from someone I know. Kyung Tae, what were you doing last night? It's not me. Did I say it was? It really wasn't. When I caught you four years ago, you said it really wasn't you. Anyway, it really isn't me this time. Hey, you got promoted because you arrested me that time. Who's the one who made that little officer into a detective? You should be thankful. Yeah, so what were you doing last night? You really shouldn't be like this. How many times was I an informant for you after getting out of jail? So just tell me what you did last night instead of changing subjects. What else? I slept. You try driving all day. You'll fall right to bed at that time. Really, I've washed my hands clean of it this time. Eun... Eun Ji! Eun Ji! Oh, Eun Ji! Don't you dare bring up the burglaries in front of Eun Ji. Just watch what you say. - Come on, it's cold. - Come on. - Why is it so cold today? - Yeah, it sure is. Are you here about the burglaries? Burg... I doubt it. Eat once the stew is out. - The kimchi is good, huh? - Yeah, you made some. - Eun Ji made it. - It's really good. Wow. - Eun Ji did it all herself. - You should have helped her. Goodness... You should be studying. You don't have any time for this. I told you I'd just go home. You must always eat out. That's not good for you, Uncle. Thank you. Eat. Oh wow, this is good. You do well in school and you can cook too. There's nothing you can't do well. About the burglaries... Hey, I really didn't come here because of that. It's the work of an amateur. Think about it. Why would a pro make things into such a big debacle? There's no point in aggravating detectives and losing their source of income. What would you know, kid? I lived with my dad for twelve years. While he was in jail for four years, you took care of me, Uncle. My life has been violent crimes. You don't think I'd pick up that much? You're just a kid. I heard you haven't even found the stolen items. This isn't someone being careful. This person doesn't know the root. My daughter is smart. You must be so proud. A junior high kid knows more about burglary than math. - Are you happy about that? - She's good at math too. But isn't it a little strange? What? The work is definitely an amateur, but it's too easy. These are incredibly rich households, the security would be quite something. He got in too easy. Do you think it's someone they know? Why don't you just become a detective? A detective and criminal are actually not that different. Eat you rice, okay? The stew is good. Eat this. What is in this thing? You never know what will happen to your uncle. I'll be going now. Eun Ji, you don't need to come out. Uncle. Yes? I think of you as my real uncle. What's with you, kid? You trust me, right? It really isn't Dad. It really isn't him. Okay. I got it so you should head back in. It's cold out. Oh, and take this. What is it? I made an extra one while I made Dad's. To listen to while you drive. Bye now. That kid... You haven't been home in two weeks, and you're leaving again? Is this because of that burglar? I'm just going to change my clothes and head out, so please go to bed. You got a new talisman again? Yeah, you're better because of that. You're not hearing weird transmissions anymore, right? I told you that I heard it wrong. Don't take it off. It cost a lot of money. Gosh, all this laundry. I told you to put it all out at once. Answer me. Who is the culprit? I must be going crazy. I really am. I'm going to get you. I shot you. Aunt, what kind of dead person talks? Okay. The corpse is dead again! I got you again. If you keep stepping on a detective, she'll arrest you. Is she sleeping or playing with them? Hey, that's not permanent marker on her forehead, is it? She has a marriage setup date tomorrow. Take a look at this. Pretty, right? I bought this at the department store when it was on sale. Mom, please stop dressing her in pink. Even the blankets and curtains... Is this a fortune teller shop? Who is it tomorrow? A lawyer. Well, he is a lawyer, but... Besides the fact that he's bald, apparently he's perfect. Sounds perfect. The wife can bring in the clients and the husband can be their lawyer. You little rascals! I told you to be careful. I just can't deal with this. Oh no! Get over here, you two. Get out of here, seriously! Be careful! I can't believe this. Sorry. [JINYANG PRECINCT LEE JAE HAN] What is it? Is it important? No. Seriously, you two! Didn't I tell you to be quiet? Get over here now. Stay still. Stay there right now. I cannot deal with you two. Hurry up and get over here. Stay put. Detective Lee Jae Han, are you there? Lieutenant Park Hae Young? I couldn't get in touch with you, so I was worried. Nothing much has happened, right? Is this really Lieutenant Park Hae Young that I'm speaking to? What have you been doing for six years? Six years? Then are you saying... It's the year 1995 over there? What about you? It's still the year 2015 here. It's only been one week since I last spoke to you. Is it really the year 2015 over there? Are you playing around here? Are you really Park Hae Young? I really am the Park Hae Young who caught the Gyeonggi Nambu serial killer with you. We spoke five times over radio transmissions. In your time, the transmissions ended after November 11, 1989. This is really crazy. I really don't understand this either. I am in 2015. Let's just say that you are then. I'll ask you for a favor. Who is responsible for the multiple burglaries that occurred in 1995? You would know if you are in 2015. That case is still unsolved. Unsolved? We suffer this much and still don't catch the guy? - Are you sure? - I am. It was an old case so we couldn't get the original investigation files. But it was a famous case. I did create a profile using newspaper articles. A pro... what? Profiling. It's an investigation technique that has developed since then. And even though I know it, I can't teach it to you. It's dangerous to change the past too carelessly. I have to catch this culprit. All right, then when is the next house going to be robbed? Yesterday was the fourth house. When is the next house? That is the last house. After the fourth house, he didn't go to anymore houses. Lieutenant. We haven't been able to go home for a month now. All of our crap on the streets could fill up a truck. Give me something to go on here. There's almost nothing revealed about that case. No one used a similar M.O. to commit the crime afterward. The stolen items have yet to be discovered. Why don't you do that profiling or pro-wresting thing? You said it's a better investigation technique. Catching one thief isn't going to ruin the peace of mankind. How dangerous could it be? We have to catch the bad guys. Are any of the suspects an acquaintance of a victim? We haven't been able to specify a suspect. We've excluded family and employees from the suspect list. Then let's assume an outsider forced his way inside. All the houses were rich households, difficult to enter and escape from. From the fact that he only took expensive items there must have been a way for him to get inside information. He may have touched fixtures outside the house to figure out the level of security. Like a security system or the main entrance lock. For entry points, he would've checked the garage or the wall and the back door. In order to find out about the residents he would've looked through the mailbox, the garbage, and the newspaper bag. These are not hard facts. But they're based on newspaper articles. Just use this information as reference. And you have to be careful. These transmissions... have caused those who shouldn't have died to die. Lieutenant Park Hae Young? Lieutenant Park Hae Young? Lieu... If the past changes, the present changes. [BURGLARY CASE 1995] It's not my dad. It's not him! [UNSOLVED, BURGLARY CASE] [HANYOUNG BRIDGE COLLAPSED] [BURGLAR FINALLY PUT BEHIND BARS] Oh my. You suffered so much. Over here. Young Soo. 2005, the Lee Chan San case. Right, we almost forgot that one. What are you guys doing? I guess you could call it the future of our cold case squad. Look. I've gathered here all the famous cold cases in our country. We solved the Gyeonggi Nambu case, after all. These shouldn't be a problem. Wouldn't your family complain if you suddenly start working so much? What do you mean? Work comes before family. What do you think of the "Jack the Ripper" case? What is that? Is that an organized gang? "Jack the Ripper". Don't you know? It's a serial murder case in England. About the burglary case of 1995... the investigation files are no longer around. Is there anyone around that knows about that case? Why do you care about that one when the culprit has been caught? We're the cold case squad. I think he's already served his time too. Do you know about it? I read in the papers that his sentence was severe. But he tried to escape, so his prison term was extended. The evidence was very clear, but he says it wasn't him. He says he isn't guilty. He insisted it so much that he got his term extended. How do you know that, kid? In 1995, you were probably still breast feeding. - I saw it on "Samong". - Samong? What language is that? That's a shortened version. For an association for information on our nation's top cases. He's right. They had a statement from a witness. They even found fingerprints on the scene. If you want to be precise, it wasn't on the scene. It was on the mailbox. It was found on the mailbox? In order to find out about the residents he would've looked through the mailbox, garbage, and the newspaper bag. Okay, okay. Let's forget all that. Let's focus on Oh Dae Yang. How do we go about investigating this? I heard that the Special Task Force was investigating it at the time. How would I meet those detectives? Why would you want to know that? Why, why, why? I'm curious too. Why do you want to know? Answer me. Why do you want to know? They say it's been twenty years. What if they arrested the wrong person, what if it's not the right guy? And it's been twenty years... That's just not right. Yeah, but aren't you curious about the Oh Dae Yang case? What is it now? What? I am not curious about Oh Dae Yang. Okay, then we can take out Oh Dae Yang. Look, we have the Daehan Hwahak case. Gosh, this is just... Are you going to see one of the detectives? What's his name? You should ask the names of those people from them. Why ask someone who wasn't there? What? Give it to me. That was really good. You're just my type. Welcome! Aren't you going to show me to my room? Not interested in my business? Let's go this way. What are we doing here? Get me the most expensive bottle of alcohol and snacks. Some pretty girls would be nice too. Girls? Are you crazy? Is there anything else you need? I really didn't do it this time. I didn't know she was a minor. Once I found out, I gave her money and sent her home. Ma'am, don't you believe me? Why are you calling me "Ma'am"? You're a year older than me. Then maybe you shouldn't speak informally to me. Do you want die? You always act like this and then you... I don't have any business with you today. Ask your questions if you're curious. He has five convictions for larceny under his belt. Why are you bringing up my past convictions? I came to ask you about the burglaries of 1995. Who is he? I'm Park Hae Young, the profiler for Seoul's cold case squad. A profiler? You're the guy who shows up at the end once everything's been taken care of? Who says that? All the detectives that I'm friendly with. Speak formally to him. He's a detective too. Hey, come on. He looks like a kid to me. He's like a newborn baby. That's right. And this young person here is a detective. Why are you doing this? Are you looking down on cops? If you're going to act like that, then live by the law. Please, ask whatever you'd like. Do you know Oh Kyung Tae, the person who was arrested for those crimes? Ah, he's like a legend. He has such clean methods, so there are a lot of talks about him. Make sure to take your medication. Don't forget to go to the hospital tomorrow. I'll call you when I arrive. Once he determines his target he would hang around that area for several days. They say he finds a natural method to gain entry. Your system has been set. Please rest comfortably. They say he's so meticulous and detailed that he's never left a fingerprint. Something is off. Even if a situation changes, a person doesn't change at his core. If that man is correct, Oh Kyung Tae is detailed and precise. A person like that wouldn't leave his fingerprints on the mailbox. Do you want to look into it more? If you just give me an introduction, I'll look into it on my own. I am a cop that graduated from the Police University. I can take care of my own work. You don't have to help me with every little thing. I thought you were all grown up, but I see you're far from it. Did you think I was helping you? I came out with you because I need to find something out. What do you mean? I can't work with someone that keeps secrets. This burglary case... What's the real reason you're curious about it? What... what do you... Why are you curious about a case you don't know much about? Yes, what is it? Things are crazy here. Have you checked it out? Look into the victim's finances now! What's going on? There's been a kidnapping. This guy must be totally insane. In this day and age if you catch a kidnapper, you're automatically promoted. So all the detectives are running around like mad. And the victim? She's a professor at a university. Her father is the CEO of Yangwoon Construction. He's a bigwig who may even run for the proportional representative next year. Do you know who the suspect is? Get into the meeting room now! The suspect is... Gosh, my timing. Life is all about timing. The victim is Shin Yeo Jin, age 37. She works as an art professor at Mun Kwang University. She was kidnapped on November 1 at 9:00 p.m. Her parents had left home, and reported the kidnapping when they returned. The case was passed onto Seoul Metropolitan right after. A suspicious figure was seen carrying a bag out on CCTV. This person was identified by a print found on Shin Yeo Jin's mirror. The fingerprint was found in the house and his face was captured on CCTV. The suspect's name is Oh Kyung Tae. Age 58. He was arrested for multiple robberies in 1995. He was put in prison for his crimes and was released three days ago. Oh Kyung Tae used a vehicle that he had prepared in advance. He used the Kyungjin Highway all the way to Gyeonggi-do Leechun. We haven't been able to determine his location after that. The victim's card and phone have not been used. The victim's phone has been turned off, so location by GPS is impossible. - What about Oh Kyung Tae? - Yes. He hasn't been out long, so he has no phone, cards, or address. Locating the suspect is very urgent. Once a piece of garbage, always a piece of garbage. He went to jail for robbing people, and he does it again as soon as he's out. There's nothing more to hear then. He did it for money. But there was no cash, so he took the person instead. Something is off here. Oh Kyung Tae has never touched a person before. He has only ever committed larceny. His method of crime has changed as well. He left his fingerprints and got caught on CCTV. It isn't like Oh Kyung Tae. Oh Kyung Tae has another motive for committing this crime. They will get a blackmail call. - So what I'm saying is... - Be ready for that. Talk to everyone he worked with. Friends, cellmates in jail... The golden time for a kidnapping is within 24 hours. Look everywhere in Seoul and find Oh Kyung Tae! Yes, sir. Superintend... Start where his car was left behind and look through every CCTV you can. That includes car black boxes too. I want every officer in this precinct working on this. - That's it. - Yes, sir. Wait, wait! Wait. Hold on! You solve the Gyeonggi Nambu case and you think you can behave like this? Where do you think are to step up like that? You're right. I forgot how hard it is to communicate people in the police organization. I apologize. I'll take care of it. Cha Soo Hyun, join the team that's with the family. - Jung Hun Ki, help out on scene. - Yes. - Kim Gye Chul, provide support here. - Yes. You, get lost. Gosh, seriously. You must feel great now. Did you become a cop so that you could fight other cops? Don't try to lecture me. I don't want to work with any of you either. They have no skills and too much pride, and that's why we can't catch criminals. This case is not a simple kidnapping. Oh Kyung Tae has always been meticulous. But he left his prints on the mirror and let himself show up on CCTV. He has a deeper motive behind this and the kidnapping could mean more to him. Then the victim's life is in danger. Yeah, so say you are right and that victim's life is in danger. Then you killed that victim. You should have tried harder to convince them. If you keep acting this way... no one will listen to you. And someone could die every time. Do whatever you want. I don't know why you hate the police so much. But if you can't handle the pain of being unable to catch the culprit then you don't have the right to curse the police. You know that CCTV and that one over there? Can we take a look? Is that okay? Yes, it is. Oh Kyung Tae? He tried to escape a few times, but he failed. He was quiet after that. He learned some electronics skills too, and didn't talk much. He kidnapped someone as soon as he got out. I need to know why Oh Kyung Tae did that. I'm not really sure. He didn't cause much trouble. He spent his time alone. Also, he would often get into fits. The other prisoners stayed away from him. Fits? Eun Ji... No! What happened inside the prison? There was nothing related to fire in his arrest report. His daughter died. She burned in a fire. Is anyone there? Is anyone out there? These are antidepressants, right? Did you daughter have an chronic illness? Post Traumatic Stress Syndrome. She was in a big accident when she was young. An accident? Do you remember the Hanyoung Bridge accident? My daughter was on that bridge. What happened on that day? It's your fault! It's your fault, you bastard! My Eun Ji. If you hadn't arrested me... If I had been next to her, I could have saved her. It's all your fault! Detective, it's me Park Hae Young. Detective, are you listening? What happened? The past has changed with the burglary case. Is Oh Kyung Tae actually guilty? Lieutenant... Detective, Oh Kyung Tae has kidnapped someone. He's going to kill that person. Exactly what happened that day? We were wrong. No, no... I was... I did everything wrong. Everything... is ruined because of me. These transmissions... should never have started. What are you saying? It really was Oh Kyung Tae. I'm going to expose everything! Compared to twenty years, this is too short. Isn't it strange? The victim has called. Her phone is on. Why are you doing this us? Why? Every person has a level. Are cops usually like this? - Where is Lee Jae Han, that punk? - Are you crazy? - Take care it now. - Who? Who said that? I heard from a witness who saw the accident. Who is the witness? - Are you ready to go. - Yes. - Let's go. - Let's go. Stop, stop! No! If we catch the real culprit... We can change the future. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 