Benidorm: Season 3, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Benidorm 
 s3e1 - Episode #3.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Benidorm (2007–…): Season 3, Episode 1 - Episode #3.1 - full transcript 
 For their part in capturing Enrique "The Rat" Lopez, the Brits return for their reward, a free holiday. Martin has separated from Kate and brings along the younger, vulgar Brandy, though both insist they are just friends. Mel is opening a shop renting mobility scooters ("You don't have to be a cripple to enjoy your holiday") employing lazy young Paco and his poolside reunion with Madge is passion personified. Mel gets Mick to publicise the opening by having him ride a twenty foot bike whilst wearing tinfoil, which cooks him in the heat. Everyone turns up for the grand opening - largely because of the free champagne. However, due to faulty lighting the shop catches fire. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (GROANING) You all right, Madge? Do I look all right? Can I have a question on sport instead? (CONTINUES GROANING) Mam, can I have a drink? We haven't got any, darling. We'll be setting off soon. (EXCLAIMS) It's too hot in here. Why don't they get the air conditioning going. 'Cause they have to have the engines running for that. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Why don't they start the engine, then? Have you any idea what toxic carbon emissions are doing to this world? Don't talk to me about toxic emissions. I was sat next to that child of yours on the plane, I was nearly sick. - What do you mean by that? - What do you think I mean? It's bad enough with your father sat there farting like a lodging house cat without Julio dropping one every 20 minutes. The air was so thick I could hardly see me hand in front of me face. His name's Coolio. After this lot, that must be it. We've been here ages. Oh! Fancy bumping into you here. - Hiya! - You all right? We all ready for our fabulous free holiday? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh, Christ! That's all we need, the bloody Village People. Go on! Keep moving down! You can hardly breathe in here as it is. See you later, love. Schnell, schnell, Mein Führer has spoken. (LAUGHING) Bloody hell! Look who it is, I didn't think they'd be back. Free holiday, ain't it? Can't say no to that however posh you are. Oh, hello, all back again. Hopefully not such an eventful holiday this year. (LAUGHING) Hiya. You weren't on our flight from Manchester, were you? Um, no, Gatwick. But we had a few problems with our luggage. That miserable wife of yours not still giving you the runaround is she? - Uh, not exactly. - The last thing I need is to be looking at her sour gob round the pool while I'm trying to enjoy me holiday! I know... And I'm saying them bags are Gucci and if they go missing again, I'll kick your bollocks so hard you'll be able to taste them. (SIGHS) Jesus! I'm sweating like a rapist. Is there no windows in this shitheap? Do you mind with the language? There are kiddies present. Chill out, grandma, it's supposed to be an holiday. BRANDY: Come on, Martin, the back seat's free. And before you ask, that's not an invitation for a quickie before we get there. (JANICE GASPS) (MICK LAUGHS) She's joking. (JANICE SIGHS) She's got a point about the windows. Hey! What are you doing? I'm not doing owt. You cannot reserve sunbeds with towels in the morning. What are you talking about? You have been here before. You know the rules. Oh, come on! Don't be tight. You know how old me mam is? She needs a sunbed. I don't care if she's 100 years old. These are the rules, and if you don't like them, you can stay somewhere else. Don't make me angry. You wouldn't like me when I'm angry. - I don't like you now. - No. What I mean is, you really wouldn't like me when I'm angry. - I really don't like you now. - No, you don't understand. For the last year I've been training under a ninja master. My mind and body have been finely tuned. Finally chewed by what? No, not finally chewed. Finely tuned. I think it's only fair to warn you. A bloke picked an argument with me at the airport and I nearly killed him. What did you do? Breathe on him? Morning, Geoff! Everything okay? It's this one. El Jobsworth. And what seems to be the problem? You cannot reserve a sunbed with your towel. It's against the rules. Yes, he's quite right. We've been coming here for 20 years and the rules categorically state, "You cannot reserve a sunbed "with your towel". - Thank you. - Would you like to borrow our towels, Geoff? You're all right, I've got a towel I... All right, yeah. Cheers! Here you go. - You can borrow ours. - JACQUELINE: Thank you. What are you doing? We are reserving our sunbeds with somebody else's towels. It's called a technicality. Us Brits have been winning by them for centuries. Breakfast, Geoff? Absolutely. That's unbelievable, is that. What's unbelievable about it? He's traded her in for a younger model. You want to keep your eye on that one. Won't be long before he starts looking for something similar. You're not exactly a spring chicken. Oh, charmed I'm sure. My beautiful wife may no longer be a spring chicken, but at least she's got a while before she's like you, an oven-ready turkey. (LAUGHING) (CHANTING) Nana's a turkey. (MIMICS TURKEY) Sit down, Michael, or I'll tell the bogeyman to come and get you while you're sleeping in your bed tonight. JANICE: Bloody hell! What was that song them kids used to sing? There's No One Quite Like Grandma. Hey, talking of the bogeyman, when was the last time you spoke to Mel? I spoke to him before we got on the plane. Oh, I didn't actually speak to him, I sent him a text. A text? Who dragged you kicking and screaming into the 21st century? I thought you just sent smoke signals. Bloody hell! I think you were exaggerating when you said 21st century. There's nothing on the screen. Does that mean he hasn't replied? - Give us it here. - Don't you break that. It's worth a lot of money. - To who? The Antiques Roadshow? - Hmm. - Batteries dead. - She's broken it. I knew she would. She's always been a lumpy, ham-fisted child, that one. - Frig off! - Oi, that's enough. Give it here! Mam, how does the bogeyman know where we've gone on holiday? He doesn't, darling. Come sit with me. I don't wanna sit with you. I wanna go home. What are you doing, you flaming idiot? It's in bits now. Checking the battery. You can't bear to see anyone with something you haven't got, can you? What would I want this for? A frigging doorstop? Telle, lend your nana your phone so she can phone Mel. - Piss off! - MADGE: Piss off? Did you hear her, then, tell me to piss off... - I wanna go home. - Don't talk - to your mother like that... - You're not that big -that I can't put you across my lap... - What's your tariff? For God's sake! MICK: I need to know the tariff so I can see if it's working properly. MADGE: It's not working properly, you broke it. (ALL ARGUING) It's like one of those sophisticated weekend breaks on the Orient Express, isn't it? I've got a lot of family who've been to Benidorm. I've heard some of the people can be as rough as a dog's arse. (SNORTS) You don't say. I'm Troy, this is Gavin. I'm Brandy, this is Martin. Yeah, we met Martin before, but you weren't together then, were you? No, no, we're just friends. Right, friends. You're both gay, aren't you? Uh... Yes. And you must be from the Merseyside chapter of the Sherlock Holmes Society. I love gay people, you know. Even though their lives are often filled with tragedy and personal loss. You know, all your friends dying from the AIDS and that. Enduring a lifetime of being persecuted and victimised just for being different. But despite all that, they're always happy and laughing, aren't they? Well, we were. Don't be on it long, I ain't got much credit. Is it ringing, mam? I can't work it out. Well, is there somebody there? Yeah, but she's just talking rubbish. Can you hear me all right? I want to speak to Mel! (SIGHS) WILL you stop talking while I'm talking! - Who was it? - I don't know, but she's an ignorant git, just kept talking over me. You rang my voicemail, you dickhead! - How long's that been on? - Hey, language, lady. Brilliant! Now I'm out of credit. Here we are! Benidorm here we come! (ALL CHEERING) (ALL SIGHING) You've got to be joking! What's the hold-up? - Right, I'm getting off. - Where are you going? - I'm gonna talk to someone. - Who are you gonna talk to? I don't know. Somebody to get this bloody coach moving. Oh, sit down! They'll set off when they're ready to go. The English don't complain enough. If we were in America, this coach would be up in arms. If we were in America, there'd be nothing to complain about 'cause we'd be going somewhere decent. Are you excited, Michael? I bet you can't wait - to get in that pool - No. Ungrateful little swine and we know where he gets that from. He's not ungrateful. Thanks to you, he thinks he's booked on a seven-day holiday with Freddy Krueger. I don't wanna go to Benidorm, I wanna go home. - Oh, well done. - Has no one else got a phone? - I said I'd ring him every day. - You'll be seeing him soon. It's not far, once we get going. He's been here all week on his own. He doesn't mix well with other people. Just 'cause he's a successful businessman doesn't mean to say he's outgoing. He's one of the most painfully shy, introverted people I've ever known. He'd rather die than draw attention to himself. MICK: Oh, my God! Oi! Where do you think you're going? Bocadillo. "Boca" what? Bocadillo is sandwich. Time for break. I said you could go for your break when you finish doing the lights. Sí. Lights are finished. What are you talking about, finished? There are more boxes of light back there than Blackpool illuminations. - No, it's too much. - Too much? The lights here are good, yes? It look nice. Too much lights, it's making this chillón. You say... tacky. Tacky? Sí. Tacky is vulgar, crude, without taste. - I know what tacky means. - Okay. Oi, Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen, get back here. Señor Harvey. There's 20 boxes of these in the back. If there's a single light not used in and around this shop when I get back the only thing that will be without taste will be you, 'cause you'd be eating your bocadillo through a straw. ALL: Cheers! Bottoms up! No offence. Oh, it's nice, is that. It's called a Pink Pussy. And that's why we're here. DONALD: Mmm. I've never had a Pink Pussy before, they're quite moreish. I'm surprised I managed to keep mine down. You know, I look up at the top of that building and I still feel a bit queasy. I know what you mean. Jacqueline and I both get dizzy in high heels, so you can imagine how I felt up there. Do you know, I just have to close my eyes and I'm back up there on the top of that roof, terrified of saying the wrong word and being either shot or chucked over the edge by that long-haired lunatic. Yes, I must admit I've had more than a few sleepless nights since... Hang on a minute! You weren't up there. - Wasn't I? - GAVIN: No! No, you definitely weren't up there with us. All that business on the top of the roof with the helicopter and all that? No, you were down here looking after the kids. - We haven't got any kids. - Not our kids. Do you not remember, you watched it from down here? Was I at that wedding on the beach where what's-his-face turned up on a parachute? - Yes. - Yeah, I thought I was! Oh, you two must think I'm going mad. - Not mad... More clinically insane. (ALL LAUGHING) - Hola! - Oh, hi, mate, you all right? Yeah, not too bad, thanks. Could I have a... Right, yeah, that'll be fine thanks. - Just checked in. - Mmm. Absolutely. A few beers to settle the old jet lag. Jet lag? Where have you come from? Croydon. It was just a joke. Oh right. Missus not down yet? Forgotten her name. No, no, erm... (STUTTERING) We've kind of, well... We've separated. I'm here with a friend. Oh, right. I'd normally offer my sympathy but... I reckon you're well-shut of the sour-faced old cow. Well, we're still in touch. Kind of... Here you are Martin. Look after that will you. (SIGHS) I think I've got the squits. - Are the bog's over there, yeah? - Uh, yes. Bloody hell! You've done all right for yourself there, mate. Where did you find that one? No, no, no, she's not, um... We're not, uh... (STUTTERING) Well, uh, yeah, I suppose I could have done worse. This girl, she's with you? Oh, yeah! Come on, mam! Get settled. That one's yours. Don't want a sunbed. I want a scooter. Why can't I go to Mel's shop now? Just lie down, mam. Relax, you're on holiday. Yeah, chill out, for God's sake. I don't know what you're sitting down for. Mel'll have plenty for you to be getting on with in the new shop. I'm on me holidays. You are an employee of Mel Harvey Leisure Industries Limited. Not that he's ever had a word of thanks for giving you the job. - My dad didn't want a job from Mel. - Exactly. Never asked that man for a penny. He didn't want a job full stop. He were right annoyed when Mel took him on. Me dad said we'll get all of Mel's money when he dies, - but I don't want him to die. - Don't tell fibs, Michael. 'When have I ever said that? - Every time you see Mel. - Get in that pool. You're supposed to be on holiday. Madge! Mel! Here we are. Love's young dream. Them dreams have a special name. They're called nightmares. Oh, my God, I'm gonna puke. - Oh, Mel. - Mel! Hey, Cheeky Charlie, I've got something for you. Oh, thanks, Mel. Thought you were gonna call me when you landed. The battery on me phone was dead. Oh, I'll charge you up. No danger. (MADGE GIGGLING) Do you mind. You're upsetting me son! Talking of charging, did you not see your scooter as you came in? - I left it plugged in at reception. - No. Well, come on, let's get it. -(GASPS) Mel, can I come? - MEL: Of course you can. Come on. Yeah, our flight were fine, thanks. Yeah, it's nice to see you and all. Ignorant get! And if he thinks I'm gonna be running round after him and his shop while I'm on my holidays, he can piss off! - Well, you do work for him now. - Not while I'm on my holidays, I don't. Now, if you don't mind, it's been a long morning, I've had a very nice bottle of beer, and now I'm gonna get me head down for half an hour in the sun. (SIGHS) You're supposed to be opening a shop here. (SIGHS) What have I just said? I think he expects you to help him while you're here. Yeah, well, I'm not. - He can hardly open a shop on his own. - Oh, for fuck's sake. (HORN BLOWING) MICK: Jesus! It's Chitty-Chitty Bang Bang. MADGE: Hey, look at this. You're not gonna be on that for this whole holiday, are you? Here you are. Give out some of these leaflets. It's the grand opening for Mel's new shop, 6:00 tonight. You can shove it. All right, give them here. Mel said for you to go meet him in reception. I'm off for a spin. - Can I come, nana? - No, you frigging can't. It's not a toy. (LAUGHING) (GROANS) (SIGHS) I'm stuck on this one, as well. What's the clue? Three down, comedy actor. Sang My Boomerang won't Come Back. Oh, I know this one. Rolf Harris. - Charlie Drake. - It was never Charlie Drake. She's the one that does the gardening without her bra. No! You're thinking of Alan Titchmarsh. It could be Tommy Walsh. It's got nothing to do with gardening. My Boomerang won't Come Back was sung by Charlie Drake. - Twelve letters... - Why don't you leave it blank and try one that goes across it. - It's Charlie Drake! - Five across... Oh, we won't get this one. Record producer, originated the Wall of Sound technique. Evel Knievel. Oh, no. That's the Wall of Death. Phil Silvers. Your turn. I used to love Phil Silvers in that programme. What was it called? - Inspector Gadget. - Sergeant Bilko. Eleven letters... - Yeah. Phil Silvers, it fits. - It's Phil Spector. It's all right, son, we've got it. You've not got it. You've got it wrong. - It's Phil Spector. - Who played Willy Wonka in the 1971 film, Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory? Gene Wilder. No, it was a fella. He had a top hat, I remember that. Gene Wilder. It's Gene, spelt with a "G." Oh, was he The Cat in the Hat as well? Did you ever see Fritz the Cat? Quite saucy for a cartoon. What's wrong with you all? You're all just sitting here talking rubbish. You've not got one of those questions right. - It doesn't really matter. - Of course it matters. What if I threw a five and a four and said, "Well, it's more or less a double six." -I wouldn't mind. - Well, you should mind. Or else... Or else what's the point of it all? - Well, it's only a game. - Only a game? Only a game? Did John McEnroe say, "It's only a game," when he lost to Bjorn Borg in the 1980 tie-breaker Wimbledon final? Did Chelsea say, "It's only a game," when they lost four-nil to Man United in the '94 FA Cup? Did Daley Thompson say, "It's only a game," when he came fourth in the decathlon in 1988 after winning gold in '80 and '84? (CLEARS THROAT) Who said, "I can resist anything but temptation"? - Uh, 10 letters... - Oh, shut up! Dawn French? Tsk. Excuse me, have you got Wi-fi here? We've got Scrabble, behind the reception, but I think some of the letters are missing. No, Wi-fi. You know, wireless internet. You're joking. You're lucky if the lifts work. Oh there you are. Been looking everywhere for you. What sort of a dump is this? They haven't even got Wi-fi. You shouldn't be checking e-mails. You're on holiday. I wasn't checking me e-mail. I was trying to find somewhere to go out tonight. All right, well there's Neptune's. That's mostly karaoke, but they sometimes have a singer on or a quiz. I'm not staying in this old fogies' home. People sitting in them spacker chariots, listening to Des O'Connor, drinking pale ale with a Gaviscon chaser. Right, well I'm not really one for nightclubs, to be honest. No worries, I can go on my own. We're not joined at the hip, are we? Uh, no. No, we're not. Can you lend me 20... Um, actually better make that 30 euros. I haven't actually got any cash with me. You've come on holiday with no money? Well, it is all-inclusive. Right. I'll just spend me evening sitting with a family of fat retards wearing Kiss Me Quick hats and singing Agadoo. (SCOFFS) I actually have got some money, but, um... Well, it's kind of for emergencies. My mum used to say to me, "Always keep tuppence in your shoe. "You never know when you might need to call home." Tuppence? How old are you? I can remember when you could go out, buy a new suit, have a night on t'tiles, fish supper, taxi home and still have change from a fiver. I'm 32, I'll catch up with you later. We could have a stroll up the road. There's a nightclub in the shape of a spaceship. We could look at that. I said I'll catch up with you later. Yeah, right. (SIGHS) Somebody's got the Scrabble but I found a pack of cards and a skipping rope. Are you taking the piss? - Suit yourself. - No, actually leave them out, will you? If I can't find anyone to have a game of snap with, I can always hang meself. You wouldn't be the first. (EXHALING) owl (SLURRING) Didn't think it would be that hot. JANICE: I can't believe you've not been in that pool yet. I'm not bothered. Couldn't keep you out of it last year. Does me nana like me? Of course she does! What a thing to say. Your nana's funny. She's... She's never been very good at showing people she loves them. Yeah. Didn't Hitler have the same problem? Me nana said that the Bogeyman was gonna get me when I go to sleep tonight. But I don't believe in the Bogeyman. Good, because he doesn't exist. Shame we can't say the same about me nana. Then why did she say it? It was just a joke. Me nana's jokes are rubbish. Oi, oi, saveloy! What are you doing? Mel's waiting for you in reception. I've just taken something out of one of the suitcases that might bring a smile to this young man's sorry-looking face. Is it me nana's head? What is it? Well, you won't know unless you take it out the bag, will you? - It's a boat! - I know. - It's remote-controlled! - I know! Oh, my God! Can I play with it now? No, I only brought it with us so you could look at it. - Give us it back. - No way! Thanks, dad. Oh, aren't you lovely? Hmm. Do you think so? Hmm. Do you mind? Stop it! Not here! Come on. You've got a business meeting with Mel. Got a bit of business here I want to sort out first. (JANICE LAUGHING) Oh, my God! Don't look. (JANICE AND MICK MOANING) You all right? Yeah, great, thanks. - Cool little boat. - Thanks, me dad bought it me. (BOAT ENGINE WHIRRING) (HONKING) (PEOPLE EXCLAIMING) Whoa! Can I have a go? Be my guest. (BOAT HONKING) (EXCLAIMING) Hey! What are you doing? This is not allowed. No boats on the swimming pool. It's not a boat, it's an hovercraft. Give it here. Hey, what do you think you're doing? Get off... This is not allowed. He's only 11. - Oh, just because... - MICK: Get off of me, you big... Well, you've done it! That cost 200 quid. (ENGINE SPUTTERING) You, go find Mel. You, come with me and you, grow up! Oh, there you are. You took your time. Yeah. Listen, Mel, I think there's been a bit of a misunderstanding. Oh, aye? Yeah, when you came out here to open the shop I assumed if you'd wanted me to be involved in it I'd have come out here with you. How could you do that? You've been looking after the sunbed shops at home. Yeah! Exactly! So, now, I'm on me holidays! Right. Well, if you can afford to have a week without pay. Whoa! Whoa! Hang on a minute. You said you were gonna pay me for this week. But I was gonna pay you 'cause you were gonna be working. I'm on holiday with me family! You think I've made Mel Harvey Leisure Industries Limited what it is today by going on holiday? I'm not spending my holiday renting out electric wheelchairs to fat, bone-idle alcoholics who are too lazy to walk to the pub. All right? Wasn't talking about you. I didn't mean you. That's... probably glandular, isn't it? You're not even that fat. I've seen worse. I mean, bigger. I never said I wanted you to sit in the shop. I wanted to appoint you Head of Publicity and Promotions. It would only have taken a couple of hours a day. I'm sorry, Mel. It's not fair on the kids if I... - Head of what? - Publicity and Promotions. Out and about. Meeting the public. The showbiz, glamorous side of the operation. I wouldn't expect you to sit in a shop all day. Head of Publicity and Promotions? Absolutely. - Couple of hours a day? - Never more than three. Well, why didn't you say? (UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING ON SPEAKER) MEL ON SPEAKER: Visit Mel's Mobility Shop in the heart of Benidorm. Grand opening, 6:00 pm. Free bottle of bubbly with every order. Visit Mel's Mobility shop in the heart of Benidorm. Grand opening, 6:00 pm. Free bottle of bubbly with every order. (KIDS LAUGHING) Visit Mel's Mobility shop in the heart of Benidorm. Grand opening, 6:00 pm. Free bottle of bubbly with every order. Mel, what exactly is Mick doing? I told you. A bit of publicity for the shop. Right. It's just that he's been gone a while now. He's lucky to have a job. After scabbing off the social for so long he should be on his knees thanking Mel for giving him back a bit of dignity. Oh, my God! Where were you? You what? You weren't at the shop. I know, I closed it till the grand opening. I needed the ladder to get off the bike. What have you been doing? I have been driving around Benidorm for the last three hours on a 20 foot high bike looking for somewhere to get off it. - Your face is all red. - I know it's all red! I've been baking in the sun covered in bloody tinfoil all afternoon. Excuse me. We were just wondering, is it fancy dress in Neptune's this evening? Only nobody's told us. Piss off. Why didn't you come to the front of the building and ask someone to get me? Yeah. I'm not stupid, I thought of that. But I couldn't turn the bloody music off! Nobody could hear what I was saying. Excuse me. Whatever it is you're selling, you can't do it here. I'm not selling anything, I'm on me holiday. Well, I'm supposed to be. JANICE: Come on, lets go in. We'll get the kids up. They're having a siesta. Hang on a minute. I'm not finished yet. So, I kept driving to find some shade so I didn't burn to death when, to top off a perfect day, I realised I was about to run out of petrol. Well, how did you get down from this bike, then? I had to drive into the caravan park and jump off onto somebody's roof. Well, there you are, then. No problem. Hang on, I'm still not finished. I.don't know how old this caravan was but I went straight through the roof. Oh, my God! Well, the good news is nobody was home. The bad news is, it was locked from the outside. It took me another bloody hour to get out of it. You haven't left that bike in the caravan park, have you? Left it there? I'll wrap it round your bloody neck if I see it again. (LAUGHING) What you all laughing at? You've got a big mark across your head. Right. You can all frig off. That's it. We're going home. Come on! I've had enough. We're getting the kids and we're going home. (MICK AND JANICE ARGUING) What's going on? Apparently, he's been riding round Benidorm on a 20 foot high runaway bike. Oh, right. Yeah, well, you can keep your nose out. I want nothing to do with you. I want nothing to do with you. - It's not fancy dress, then? - No. Your father was never lucky on the roads, either. In the early '80s, he bought a car that would only turn left. It once took him two days to come back from Asda. (JANICE AND MICK CONTINUE ARGUING) Anyone with any sense wouldn't be able to do it on the top of that bike. Not him though, no! I see they found Gary Glitter. I wonder where he's been dressed like that. No idea. Let's face it, the one thing that family was lacking was an angry, oven-ready cowboy. So are we going to this shop opening? 6:00? I think I'd rather drink bleach with a Cillit Bang chaser. Free drinks. If I want a free glass of Spanish paint-stripper., I'll shimmy over to the pool bar and get one myself, thank you. Says free champagne for everyone. Champagne? What it says here. Come on. Grab your pashmina. We've got no time at all to get ready. Oh, hello. You all right? Yes, I thought I'd upset you. No, you didn't. I just didn't realise I was staying somewhere that made Anne Frank's attic look like Disneyland. There's plenty to do. I got some leaflets of the surrounding area. I thought we might have a look. Got some money from the cash machine. Waterfalls of Callosa. Ca-yo-sa. It's about 20 minutes from here. That's 20 minutes from Benidorm? In what? A Harrier jet? In a car. I think it looks terribly romantic. Oh, I didn't mean... Now, let's get one thing straight, Martin, we came here as friends, nothing more. Absolutely. I just mean the area looks romantic. Not that you and I would suddenly... (GROWLING) Mind you, in saying that, you never know where friendships can lead. In the meantime, what about this place? It's a shop opening for mobility scooters. I can't be certain, but I think it'll be mainly old people. Yeah, old people and free champagne. You like champagne. Well, I do but I have to be careful. - Really? - Oh, yeah. - It can have a dangerous effect on me. - In what way? Well, it has been known to make me... How can I put it? Sightly loose. - You don't mean anally? - Oh, for Christ's sake! Oh, God, sorry. I see what you mean. No, sorry. It's just I used to know this girl at university and if she drank too much red wine, she would... Well, anyway, you don't need to know about that. Yes! Yes! Champagne. Great idea. I'll go put some clean trousers on. Is that what you're mate at university used to say to you? Sorry? Oh, right, I see. Yes. Very good. Very good. Right. I'll go and get changed and then we can go out. And I promise, I'll try and keep up tonight. And I'll try not to shit meself. Very good. (SIGHS) JANICE: Come on. We're gonna be late. I'm telling you, if I could have got a cheap flight, we'd all be home by now. Oh, don't talk rubbish. Come on, Michael. Pick your feet up. - Dad? - Yes, son. You said it'd go away. But your head is still two different colours. Couldn't he have put a hat on? He looks like a right dick. Don't talk about your father like that. You're trying to say he doesn't look a dick? Don't talk about your father like that. Oh, thanks for all your support. - It looks funny. - All right, thank you. That's enough. Me mam might have an head scarf in her bag, if you ask her. A head scarf? Who do you think I am? Pirates of the frigging Caribbean? (MICHAEL LAUGHING) JANICE: Hiya. Where have you lot been? We've been waiting for you. We got here as soon as we could. Another 10 minutes, you'd miss Madge's big entrance. Hmm. Don't like the sound of that. You know you still got that big stripe across your forehead, don't you? All right. She ready? Of course. Who is she again? Vicky Leyton. People call her Sticky Vicky. She's a Benidorm legend. Yeah, you said that. Is she gonna make a speech? - She speaks no English. - Oh, brilliant. She does not need to speak. She was a classically trained dancer. She moves with a grace and sophistication very few are blessed with. She can't still be dancing. No. She now does a... magic act. Oh, right. Think she'd do a couple of tricks if we asked her? Probably best if she just cuts the ribbon. - Hiya. - Hola. Welcome. - We don't pay, we're family. - Mick! Well, I'm just making it clear to him. Thank you. - Hola. - Hola. (GIGGLING) MEL: If I can have your attention, please, ladies and gentleman, thank you. I'm not one for big speeches but I'd like to thank everyone for coming here to mark this, the opening of the very first Mel's Mobility Shop. (PEOPLE CHEERING) Where you don't have to be a cripple to enjoy your holiday. (MUMBLING) From small, lightweight scooters... (PEOPLE CHEERING) (SCOOTER HONKING) To larger, more industrial-strength models... (HONKING) MAN: I'll take one. We have something to suit all requirements and all budgets. We're also proud to introduce, for the very first time in Benidorm, our exclusive, custom range. (HONKING) (ALL CHEERING) Tell a loved one how much you care with a Mel's Mobility invalid chair. Although, as we've already established, you don't have to have anything wrong with you to hire from us. Although, in saying that, if you no longer have the use of your legs we won't discriminate. Although, I'm not sure how you'd get here in the first place. Anyway, let's crack straight on with the grand opening. And to help us do that, we have someone who, I'm told, is a real Benidorm legend. Please welcome Ms Vicky Leyton. (ALL CHEERING) (CAMERAS CLICKING) MARTIN: I'm sure I've seen her before somewhere. MAN: Another one! KATE: Oh, yeah? Oh, my God! Vicky Leyton! Who? She has a kind of cabaret act where she... What? She pulls flowers, scarves, all kinds of things out from her... From her what? Out from her front gate. - Front gate? - You know, her... Lady awning. Lady awning. Martin, what are you talking about? She pulls various objects from within her... ...flappage. Do you mean her fanny? Yes. Yes, that's... Yeah. Honestly, it's like trying to get blood out of a stone. Thank you. (CROWD APPLAUDING) Lost the scissors. ALL: Oh... (ALL CHEERING) (CHEERING) Bloody hell! How much did he say them lights cost? 300 euros? That were money well spent. I can nearly see a couple of them. I suppose it will look better at night. Rubbish! Oh, I'd also just like to mention that anybody who hires a scooter today will be entitled to a five percent discount on any future hire within a six-week period. - Mel? - Obviously, this offer is subject to certain terms and conditions. - Mel? - All of which can be found on our website, which is www... - Mel? - What the flaming hell do you want? I think your shop's on fire. (ALL EXCLAIMING) Mel, what are you doing? I going to get me scooters! (EXCLAIMING) Somebody stop him! Mick! He's going to get himself killed! Oh, come on, Mel! (ALL CLAMOURING) Where's the bloody kids? (EXCLAIMS) Jacqueline's father used to be a magician. I'm sure you both have a lot in common. Oh, yes. How much time have you got before your first show tonight? Enough. Ah. (DONALD LAUGHING) DONALD: So, that's why they call you "Sticky Vicky". (VICKY LAUGHING) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 