Inspector George Gently: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Inspector George Gently 
 s2e2 - Gently in the Night - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Inspector George Gently (2007–2017): Season 2, Episode 2 - Gently in the Night - full transcript 
 Audrey Chadwick's corpse is found on a church altar and, whilst she told her parents and landlady she was a nurse, the not so happily married Bacchus recognizes her as a hostess at a Playboy-style drinking club he has used,called Rakes, run by brash American Patrick Donovan. Audrey had had an abortion - news to her volatile boyfriend - and the doctor who performed it tells Gently it was because she had been raped. Margaret Bishop, an anti-abortionist, heads a group picketing to close Rakes but her husband is Donovan's lawyer and very much at odds with Margaret's views. He admits intimacy with Audrey but denies rape, nonetheless making him the prime suspect. After the murderer has been unmasked the club is shut down and Gently, having earlier accused Bacchus of being out of condition for his youth, bizarrely takes him on in a charity boxing match. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Have you ever seen anything like this before? Her teeth are loose. Somebody's hit her hard, just... And something sharp has been driven right through her skull. You searched the pockets? Yeah. A train ticket to London with tomorrow's date on it. Who found her? The lady over there, sir. I come in to do the flowers for the early mass, pet, and there she was, laid out like Sleeping Beauty. What'll her mam say? It'll kill her.Do you know her? Little Audrey Chadwick, aye. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Eeeh, she was a bonny lass. Her mother comes to the mass. Will she be outside now? No, flower, she comes to the nine o'clock. Her man never comes, he's a heathen. You cannot miss either of them. He's got a Fu Manchu and she's hoyed a leg ever since she was a bairn, poor lamb. Father's got a moustache, mother walks with a limp. Right. Well, she could've been there all night, sir. Confessions finish about eight. Doors are never locked. Did Audrey live here? No, she... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 She had her own place. Well, we'll need her address. What did she do for a living? She's a nurse. And do you have any idea why she would be going to London? She got a new job. Teaching hospital. New start. She said she'd be back for Christmas. Dear God, this cannot have happened. Worst part of the job, Sergeant. You're very quiet. She wasn't a nurse, sir. At least not when I met her. ♪ I ain't got nobody ♪ And nobody cares for me â™ª And I'm so sad and lonely â™ª Won't somebody come and take a chance with me? â™ª Hi, handsome, how we doing here? First time in Rakes, is it? Er, yeah. No, it's fine, I can do that. Nobody looking after you? I'm fine. Well, how about I sit here and talk to you a minute? I'm Blaise. Blaise? And you're...? I'm John. And what do you do for a living,I'm a plumber. Does this cost extra, does it? No. I was just being friendly. And what is it you do for a living then, Blaise? I'm a Fox, John. I'm a cocktail waitress. Really? What were you doing at Rakes Club in the first place? I was...curious. Curious? Lonely. Well, that's because you went without me. We'll pay them a visit tonight. Right. Pathologist's first estimate, she died between two and ten. Time to start filling this in. What was this place? Used to be a warehouse. Wait till you see it inside, though, sir. Good evening, gentlemen. How come you've got a membership card? You get a 30-day trial. How many times you been here? You know, just, maybe... erm... Hey, John. Hey! How's the U-bends going? I didn't realise you worked on Sunday. I don't usually. I'm Fawn. George. What's your poison, George? Oh, I'll have what John has. Champagne, then? Really? Fawn, I understand the owner lives over the shop? Penthouse apartment. Tell him I'd like to see him. George, Mr Donovan's a very busy man. Tell him Chief Inspector George Gently would really like to see him. And forget the champagne. Police? Are you in trouble, John? Little bit. U-bends? I wasn't going to tell her I was a copper, was I? No, course not. How could a police sergeant with a wife and kid to support afford champagne? Whereas a plumber...Yeah, all right. Exactly how many timesFour. And how can you afford champagne? I can't. Was the dead woman always here? Well, I just met her that first time. I never saw her after that. (I'll explain later.) Press P for Penthouse. He'll meet you up there. Wow! Gentlemen. Patrick Donovan. My wife Helen. Gentlemen. What this time? Not enough fire hoses? You know, in the States we have a word for this harassment. I've come to talk to you about Audrey Chadwick. Audrey? Blaise? What about her?I'm afraid she's been murdered. She was probably the most natural of any of the girls. Apart from anything else she was the perfect Fox. So what makes the perfect Fox, Mr Donovan? Well, let's be frank, number one, the body. The rear view is important in a Fox I expect. What else do you expect, Audrey? Call us Blaise. Just Blaise. Why just Blaise? Because there's no modesty, Mrs Donovan. That's probably all you need to know about me. And what do you know about us, my lovely? I know in America, the average Fox works for two years then marries a millionaire. Or so I read in The Mirror. It worked out that way for me. But my wife was no average Fox. Nor will I be. You know what Rakes does? You understand what it is? And what it isn't. I understand, Mr Donovan. I've understood since I was 15 years old what men want from me. As long as it's me who decides what they get and what they don't get, I'll be happy. We'll train you, we'll polish you. But we expect total dedication to the Rakes brand. You'll get it. What do you think, Helen?Oh, I think she's hired, Patrick. Well, that all sounds very sophisticated. Of course, there are those that think you're just a posh knocking shop selling overpriced booze. The people who think that will be outside right now. Who? Come see. ♪ We shall overcome some day... ♪ The God Squad. Every Sunday night. What is it they say in Europe about you? On the Continent we have sex lives, in England they have hot water bottles. I have a mission in life. I'd like to change all that for you guys. When did you last see Audrey? When she left, three weeks ago. Why did she leave? Pastures new, I didn't ask. What, you didn't bother to ask her? Even though she was the "perfect Fox"? No. I didn't ask. How many...hostesses are there working here at any one time? 15. Do you transport them home after they finish? No. Start doing so. I'll put a uniformed officer outside your door at all times. That won't be good for business.I don't care about your business. I care about the safety of these young women. Do you have any idea who might've done this, Chief Inspector? Her parents believe that she was working as a nurse. Do you know why she told them that? Mr Gently, what the girls do or say outside these four walls is not my concern. Outside is what is laughingly known as real life. We don't do real life in here. Uh-huh. Who knew her best? Audrey was a loner. I shall need to speak to all the women who work here. Maybe I should talk to them first, prepare them... You will talk to nobody. Did she share a dressing room with anyone? Fawn. Then we'll start with Fawn. I trust that bloke about as far as I can throw him. Really? Don't take up poker, Sergeant. Exactly how well do you know this woman, Sergeant? We had farewell drinks in here on Saturday afternoon. What time was this? After we closed, about three. She left at about half past four. Do you know where she went? She said she were going back to her flat to pack. Why was she leaving, Fawn? Don't know. Her dad didn't like her working here, so... Her dad knew she was working here, then? He came in one night with Frank Allingham. Someone had told them that she'd give up nursing to work here. He thought she was throwing her lifeWho's Frank Allingham? Her ex-boyfriend. He's a footballer. Least he thinks he's a footballer. He's a sad case, like most of the blokes round here. Did they cause any trouble? Frank picked a fight but the police were called. Fight with who? Mr Donovan. Why Mr Donovan? He's the boss, I suppose. Frank's such an idiot. He made the same assumptions that most blokes make about what we do. It's surprising how many take their wedding rings off at the door, Mr Gently. And what assumption was that then, Fawn? What's your real name, by the way?Fawn. Fawn Granger. It is Fawn Granger. We're supposed to sell the idea of sex, Mr Gently. Has it occurred to you that some men might not make that distinction, especially after a night's drinking? Well, that's their problem. Is it? Did she have any friends among the customers? We're not allowed. No, clearly, it happens. Well, was she seeing one of the customers perhaps? Or maybe somebody in the club? We will need to speak to you again. I'm sorry you lost your friend, Miss Granger. ♪ Oh, deep in my heart ♪ I do believe... ♪ Shame. Shame. Shame. Shame. Hi, mind if I take one. Thank you.No thank you. No, I'm not interested. No. Where is your wife tonight? Sorry? Haven't you got a wife or a daughter? Do you want to see them cheapening themselves in this way? We're police officers. A young woman who worked here was found murdered this morning. So I would ask you, as a mark of respect to disperse and go home. Now, please. God rest her soul. Please. Now. Bunch of weirdos. There's nothing weird about people who see the world differently than you, Sergeant. Which girl was it? Audrey Chadwick. Audrey. A life for a life... What's that supposed to mean? The Lord punishes our wickedness. Can I take your name, please, love? Margaret Bishop. Margaret Bishop. I have nothing to hide. There is a house in this city where abortion is performed on a weekly basis and a blind eye is turned towards it. In England, in the 20th century. Why aren't you investigating those murders? I'll pray for Audrey's soul.Oh, great, that will really help(!) May I have a leaflet? She's off her head. When I want your opinion, I'll ask for it. And why didn't you take some leaflets? What for? Fingerprints? Oh... Oh, yeah. Oh, sorry, I wasn't, um... Thinking like a policeman, no. What's going on betweenNothing. Look, sorry, OK, I should've told you about the club. Don't EVER put me in that position again! How was I supposed to know what Fawn was hiding when it could have been youSir... Hiding? You're just a kid, aren't you? You've got no self-discipline. You want sweeties all the time! I want a full account. Come and find me tomorrow. Sir... I didn't bring me car. Well, walk! Sir! Now, come on! Going somewhere, Fawn? I didn't say anything. I promise. I swear to God. This is booked, pal.What do you want? I want to talk. And you can mind your own business, pal. Who am I talking to? A single plumber or a married policeman? You're talking to me. Why did you lie to me? I'm so sorry. It's just, my life is... The important thing now is what happened to Audrey. You've got to trust me. What is it you're not telling us? Trust you? You're the last person I'll ever trust. Just get out, will you? Look, Fawn, has it got anything to do with an abortion, because if it has then... I don't know anything about an abortion. Will you just get out? Leave me alone. All right, all right. Please. Take this. You can phone me any time. Where can I get hold of you? What's your address? Just get out, will you?! All right. Forensic report? Yep. The blow to the side of the head definitely killed her. Something sharp driven about an inch into her brain. Somebody was angry.She also had an abortion, sir. Within the last couple of weeks. Since she left Rakes then. Anything on the ex-boyfriend? Yep. This is him. Frank Allingham. Handsome devil. Played for South Shields in Stockton on Saturday afternoon. So he's got an alibi until the bus dropped him off about 9.30. Pick him up. We have tried, sir.Well, try harder. Next, get me an address for Margaret Bishop. I want to talk to her again. Because of that looney stuff about God punishing us and that? She's entitled to her opinion on that. There's a much better reason for wanting to talk to her. Donovan said that the God Squad assembled outside Rakes every Sunday evening, right? But Fawn said that she hardly ever worked on a Sunday, which means, I presume, that you never went there on a Sunday, because Fawn was the big attraction, am I right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. But Margaret Bishop said she recognized you. So what does that tell you? Well, that she watches the place, every night maybe? Maybe. So she might've seen something that's useful to us. Now then. Fawn Granger. OK. OK, I saw her a couple of times at the club, right. She served me drinks. She sat down. She chatted to me. I enjoyed her company, all right, I admit it. And you took your wedding ring off. So what's all this about then, sir? Boxing? Yeah. It's about respect. Respect for yourself. Respect for your opponent. It's about self-discipline. Because if you get angry... you get beaten. Are you finding me amusing, John? Just think you should stick to fishing. I mean, I know you used to box in the Army, and that. For the Army. I used to box for the Army. 20 years ago. Meaning? It's not very dignified, is it, sir? Man at your age. I mean, look what happened to Sonny Liston. Should've admitted he was past it. You think you could beat me then, Sergeant? Cassius Clay to my Sonny Liston, is that it? No, no, seriously. Three rounds. For charity. All proceeds to the Police Widows. I've never done any boxing, sir. No, but you've hammered a few villains in your time, haven't you? Eh? All right. Well, you got three weeks to learn. Tell you what, I'll make it easy for you. You land three punches on me, you win, I lose. Three punches anywhere. Providing it's not below the belt. Three punches? Yeah. All right. You're on. When was the last time you saw Audrey, Mrs Beaney? On Saturday. She was meant to clear all her stuff out by the end of the day. But she never came back. I know now why... How long has she roomed here? Six months. And before that? Living at home, she said. Since she started working at Rakes. You think her dad threw her out? Where is everything? I have a new tenant coming in this afternoon, so I needed to give the place a good clear. You were told yesterday to leave everything as it was. See, I'd already cleaned it out. Where are her things? This way. So if Audrey didn't clean out her things, she might still have had her keys with her? Oh, yes. No, there were no keys on the body, Guv. Was there a boyfriend? Well, now I frowned on that sort of thing. Was there a boyfriend? There was a young man came round now and then. Handsome fellow. They were for ever fighting. The noise was terrible. And the language! Oh, dear me. What sort of thing? He called her a slut and a whore, and a... Oh, eeeeh, I dunno. She seemed a nice enough girl to me. I mean, nurses aren't whores, are they? When was the last time the boyfriend was here? Saturday. Shouting his head off. "You've made a bloody fool out of me, you little so and so..." Only not, "So and so", you know? Then he clodhopped down the stairs and slammed the door. Did you actually see him? I'm not the nosey sort, love. So you heard a man call Audrey a slut and a whore. And this was what time on Saturday?About five o'clock. When you cleaned the room did you see any signs of a struggle? Any blood anywhere?This is a decent place, pet. Just yes, or no, please, Mrs Beaney. Blood or no blood? Mess or no mess? It was spick and span. And was Audrey's room normally spick and span? Well, it's not my place to go looking into people's rooms. But you might have done, sometimes, out of curiosity? Well, sometimes maybe, just to check whether maybe they hadn't left the gas on, or... So was Audrey's room normally spick and span the way it was when you went in yesterday? Sometimes it was and sometimes it wasn't! Thank you. Like the Gestapo. Well, I'm sorry to persecute you, but one more question. After the man left, did you actually see Audrey again? Well, I thought I ought to go up and see that she was all right. She wouldn't open the door to us, but she said she was all right. I think he'd belted her. And he didn't come back? Well, I dunno, pet. I mean, I was at the bingo all night. Sorry, what is this? Just the rubbish out of her bin. She was on the pill. You mean she was married? Do you think it was the boyfriend that belted her? Or the dad, who apparently can't cope with the fact that his daughter is a cocktail waitress, instead of a nurse. Why were there three empty packets of pills? What do you mean? You only use one packet a month. Why were there three empty packets in one waste bin? I dunno. No, nor me. Next question, how did she get hold of the pills in the first place? Well, it's not illegal to take them, is it? No, but it is illegal to prescribe them to an unmarried woman. Friendly doctor. Maybe the same one that found her that abortionist. No, hang on, if she was on the pill, how did she end up pregnant? The packets were empty. Then why didn't she get some more? I don't know, Sergeant. Find out who her GP was. And find that boyfriend. Right. Where are you going? Rakes. Alone. A pint of Exhibition, please. Well, Mr Gently. For you, I'll be a Fox again. Did Audrey... enjoy working here, Mrs Donovan? She was born for it. She was so good she was training the new recruits after a month. Knees together, back arched, bottom tucked. Yeah, I know we're all gonna want hip replacements by the time we're 30, but never mind because the gentlemen think we are SO fascinated in their conversation when we adopt this spine-knackering posture. Don't forget the face, Fawn. It's the most important bit, after your boobs, especially a face like yours. It'll be your fortune, pet. Like so. The interested expression. Your wife's had another hysterectomy, Councillor Suchabody? She's a world beater, mind! More champagne to celebrate? This next one is called The Foxy Bob and I believe it was patented by Mrs Donovan herself. Back straight, knees together. That's it. Keep your chin up. Wasn't that your job? Yeah. Was Audrey having an affair with someone at the club, Mrs Donovan? Such as, Chief Inspector? Such as your husband? She was, "the perfect Fox" after all. No. I wasn't aware of Audrey having an affair with anyone. Yes, that's what Fawn said. I think she was lying. What are we talking about here, Mrs Donovan? An open marriage? Patrick and I have a sophisticated relationship, if that's what you mean. How modern. So he gets to sleep with any girl that takes his fancy, and you...? What do you get out of it? I love my husband, Mr Gently. Then how humiliating. D'you know, when you have travelled the world a bit, not spent your whole life on a small island that can't make its mind up if the war's over, that still watches black and white television and likes tripe and onions for tea, you aren't so afraid of freedom. Freedom, is it? Patrick... ..tires of them after a week or two. He always comes back. Because he loves me as much as I love him. Maybe it'll catch on this small island. Personally, I hope not. Then...I hope you'll enjoy your hot water bottles. Oh, I'd like to speak to Fawn Granger again. Fawn's taken a few days off. Understandably. Then could you get her address for me, please? Of course. Tell him I need to see him, please. Who's that? A business associate of my husband. Called? Joe something. I'll get that address. On the house. ♪ I know beyond a doubt ♪ My heart will lead me there... ♪ Excuse me, any of the football lads in? Two or three in the back room.In the back? Thanks. Drowning your sorrows, Frank? It's not that bad getting beat off Stockton, is it? Get lost, Skinny. Audrey messing you around, was she? I loved her. Is that why you went round Saturday night after the match and gave her a smack round the head? Eh? I haven't seen her for weeks. That's not what the landlady told me. That stupid cow? Oi! So what were you so angry about, Frank? Was it the abortion? Abortion? Bairn was yours, was it? Come on, Frank, talk to us, will you? I'll kill that bastard... Frank, kill who? Right, you're coming with me. I'm arresting you Frank. Ah, what the..? I'm so sorry, I was looking for the gents. Sit down, please. Chief Inspector Gently, always a pleasure, but next time, make an appointment. I don't need an appointment, I'm investigating a murder. What's your business here, Mr..? Mr Bishop is a lawyer. Bishop? Not by any chance related to a woman I met yesterday? Margaret Bishop? Yes. Margaret is...my wife. Interesting. And why did you need to see Mr Donovan so urgently? Are you questioning me about something? Are you a member of Rakes, Mr Bishop? This was a professional visit. And do all the lawyers in Newcastle get drinks on the house? Did you know Audrey Chadwick? Who? She was murdered on Saturday. She used to work here. Very beautiful young woman. The Perfect Fox. Ring any bells? I'm afraid I'm not familiar with the place. You were very familiar with Mrs Donovan. Ah... Mr Gently. I thought I'd lost you. Fawn's address. Thank you. Well, I'll be off then. Very nice to meet you, Mr Gently. Oh, we'll be meeting again. I'll need your address, please. 14, Denbigh Terrace. Gosforth. Mr Gently. Patrick and I loved Audrey. Please catch her killer. Mmm-hmm. Better learn to keep your left up, Sergeant. Could Allingham be our man, do you think? It's possible. But he only stuck the nut on us when I said "abortion". He didn't know about that? No. Although I think he knows who does. He said, "I'm gonna kill that bastard." Meaning who? We didn't chat much after that. Patrick Donovan, maybe. Or his friend Mr Bishop. Bishop? Yeah, he's married And he lied to me about how many times he'd visited Rakes. Mind you, that seems to be par for the course. What's this? Oh. I found that in Audrey's rubbish. It's a prayer card. "Audrey, As ye sow, so shall ye reap. "I will pray for both your souls." Fingerprints? Yeah, I've done it. Yeah, good. Just waitingYeah. I paid a call on your friend,And? Her flatmates haven't seen or heard of her since we saw her on Sunday. She's frightened of something. Or somebody. We need to find her. Has your friend hurt his nose? Do you prescribe these pills, Dr Sprague? Of course. To any married woman who wants them. Did you prescribe these to Audrey Chadwick? I read about Audrey's murder. Did you prescribe these pills? Yes. Look, this archaic law will be changed soon. Well, you want to get yourself a calendar, love, cos this is now, it's not soon. You're saying any lass that sleeps with whoever she likes can come in off the street and you'll help her deal with the consequences? If I may say so, only a man could have said that. When did you prescribe them, Doctor? About six months ago. For three months. And then a further six months. She should've been fully protected against pregnancy up until she died. Assuming she'd taken them. Why wouldn't she take them? Well, if she was fully protected, Dr Sprague, then why did she need an abortion? An abortion? Well, how would I know about that? I didn't ask if you knew about it, did I? What's your view on abortion, Doctor? My view is that it's a criminal offence. Do you think THAT law will be changed? Yes. I do. Eventually. And in the meantime? In the meantime, women are forced to make a choice between an unwanted child and a risky operation. When was the last time you saw Audrey? I can't remember the exact date. But the receptionist will tell you. Now would you like me to look at your nose? I think Dr Sprague's one of these lesbians. And a backstreet abortionist. There you go, Sarge. Thank you. Where do you sit on the abortion issue? Me? Exactly where the doctor sits. It's a criminal offence. Oh, Bingo. Look, look. We've got a matching thumb print on one of the God Squad leaflets and on the prayer card. Is there a cross on the leaflet? Yeah, why? I put it there. It's the one Margaret Bishop gave me. Oh, you're here. I didn't realise you were in. I was in the dark room. Do you want one? Going out this evening, M? Carrying on the crusade? Joe... What's happening to this world? I feel like I'm trying to stem a tide, and... so alone, you know? I think you should stop. I can't stop, Joe. I can't turn a blind eye to all the badness. I can't. I just feel... That you're right and everybody else is wrong. I'm not saying anybody else is wrong, I'm just... You are, actually. You are. That's what you do. Make everybody else feel like they've failed. Like the rest of us sinners shouldn't be on earth. I worry about you sometimes, Margaret. Please, stop it, Margaret. DOOR SLAMS Do you have a search warrant? I don't need a search warrant if I think there's a crime about to be committed. What's the bucket for? The scraps? They do come out in pieces, don't they? Again, only a man could have said that. A policeman. And you're breaking the law. A law made by men. I might not be able to prosecute you on this evidence, but expect a letter from the health authority. You might find it difficult to get another job, Doctor. You're a bastard. Before you go, that woman there, 38-years-old and living on the breadline with a chronically-sick husband and five children under the age of 12. She and her husband haven't made love for three years. She found comfort elsewhere, fell pregnant. Having a child by another man will utterly destroy what's left of her life. Now, what would you advise her to do, Sergeant? Write to her MP? Hope that she wins the pools? Use a knitting needle on herself and die in a pool of her own blood? No, no. I'm sorry. Audrey Chadwick did not have a crippled husband or five other kids. So why did she need an abortion? Can't you hear yourself? She needed an abortion because her stupid boyfriend flushed her pills down the loo, that's why! Frank Allingham. Was he the father? I don't know who the father was. That's how she got pregnant. Why did she need an abortion? Because she'd been raped, Sergeant. Who raped her? I don't know who it was. But Audrey had no secrets from her friend Fawn. Why don't you ask her? I would if I could find her. I told you she'd be here. Get the Donovans lined up for me. Don't tell them anything, and don't let them talk to each other. I'll be up in a minute. Would you mind telling me what you're doing, Mrs Bishop? I send the numbers of the cars to the newspapers. I send photographs of the men. You photograph everybody who goes into Rakes? They never print them, of course. You want to punish the men who come here, is that it? And what about the women who work here? Do you think they should be punished as well? I believe you sent this card to the dead woman. Would you like to explain the message to me? I said I'd pray for her soul and I have done. It's not a threat then? Of course not. It says "souls" plural. Who would that be? Hers... ..and the soul of the tiny life I wanted her not to kill. It's her, Audrey. It's that mad woman from Rakes. I want you to think about what you're planning to do. There's a life inside you if you let it live. A baby, with a soul. Ignore her. Come on. Audrey, you were once that baby. Why don't you go home back to your husband? Come on, Fawn. Audrey had her abortion another day, as I think you knew she would. She put an end to that "tiny life". And you sent her a card saying, "As you sow, so shall you reap." Are you telling me that's not a threat? Of course, it wasn't.Then what was it, then? It was a warning. A warning of the punishment that awaited her. I'd like you to come to the station. We need to talk further. She's to stay there. I have answered. No, no, no. No, I'm not going to ask you again. Now you talk. Where is she? We have no idea where Fawn Granger is. Did you tell her to disappear? Is that it? Something you don't want her to speak to us about? Is this It's a murder inquiry is what it is. Why would we want her to disappear?You give me answers, you don't ask me questions! I think it's personal, don't you, Mr Gently? I think the sergeant's smitten. Wouldn't be served a drink by anybody but the lovely young Fawn. You think you're so clever you two, don't you? One girl's missing and another one's dead and you, sitting there taking the mickey out of me?! Sergeant... Did you know that Audrey wasNo. So it wasn't your idea that she had an abortion? Why would we want her to haveThat would be illegal. Do you know who raped Audrey, Mr Donovan? Rape? Chief Inspector, do I come across as a man who needs to force myself on women? According to your wife, you get fed up with them after a couple of week. So, what happened this time? Audrey get fed up with you? Maybe you hadn't had quite enough yet? Is that what you didn't want Fawn talking to us about? I want to know where both of you were on Saturday between two o'clock and ten o'clock. We were here. Together. That's right. Can anyone confirm that? The doors We spent the entire time in bed, if you must know, Sergeant. What, on a Saturday night, busiest night of the week? Oh, we certainly were very busy. Who killed Audrey? In my opinion, Do you mean Margaret Bishop? Well, see now, Mr Bacchus, your boss is just much, much cleverer than you are. Is that what her husband wanted to talk to you about so urgently? Joe Bishop came to me to ask for a job with the Rakes Organization. He's a very ambitious man. Really? Sir, Fawn's been missing 48 hours now. What if we've missed something? What if there's some madman out there with a grudge against women? Sir? Later. You've been lying to me, about your relationship with Fawn Granger? I need all the facts, John. No more evasions. I slept with her. She's... She's special. Can we find her, please? By rights, I should take you offNo, no, no. Sir, come on, don't... What good is that going to do anybody now? She was Audrey's friend. Start with the Chadwicks. Thank you. Where were you on Saturday night, Mrs Bishop? At home. Alone? No. Joe was with me. My husband. I really don't see why you need me here. What do you think's happening here, Mrs Bishop? Why do you think you're here? Sometimes, the Lord lets his enemies persecute the righteous. I trust his wisdom. You regard yourself as one of the righteous. I try to be, Chief Inspector. And I don't for the life of me understand why people mock that idea. Wouldn't you prefer to be on the side of good rather than evil? Why are we on this earth otherwise? I'm not your enemy, Mrs Bishop and, yes, I do try to spend my life doing good. Then arrest the abortionists. Arrest the men and women who are planning an Act of Parliament that will legalise this trade in death. Close down the places where wretchedYou mean Rakes Club? I didn't see any fornication there, and what wretchedness I did see seemed to be among the customers rather than the women. Men like your husband. My husband... wouldn't be seen dead in Rakes. I saw him there myself.Complete rubbish. Come off it, Margaret. You stand outside there night after night with your notebook and your camera. You see all the men. You know your husband goes in there and you might just as well face up to it and the humiliation it's caused you. Audrey Chadwick was one of the women who poured drinks for your husband. Is that why you sent her a threatening note? What's more, you confronted her in the street about her abortion, and now she's been murdered. I'd like to speak to my husband.No. I can't allow that. But I will tell him where you are. Now, I believe that Audrey Chadwick was having an affair with somebody she met at the Club. Do you know who that was? DOORBELL RINGS This is a search warrant. We are holding your wife pending my investigations into the murder of Audrey Chadwick. Go round the back. Sir. Keep searching. Is there anything you wish to tell me, Mr Bishop? She's told you about me and Audrey, hasn't she? I'd like to hear it from you. Sorry if I've come at a bad time... No, no, sit down. I was just sorting out the order of service for the funeral. It's very sad. I really am very sorry. Found the swine that did it? Not yet. No. Her friend Fawn Granger's gone missing. I was just wondering if... she might've contacted you. Never heard of her. They worked together at Rakes. Why did you lie to us about Audrey being a nurse, Mr Chadwick? And why didn't you tell us about the fight that Frank got into at the club? Cos you were both there, weren't you? She was a nurse. My husband...Have you hurt your face, Mrs Chadwick? No, no, I just slipped in the back scullery, son. Did you ever row with Audrey about what she did for a living, Mr Chadwick? I never spoke a word to her after she took it up. As far as I'm concerned, she was no daughter of mine. HE SPITS Chuck that away, you. I'm going to me bed. He's not a bad man, Sergeant. Did he ever hit Audrey? He would never hit Audrey. It's only the drink makes him bad. Was he drinking on Saturday night? The night that Audrey was killed? He drinks every night. Do youHe was here. I put him to bed. And before that? In the pub. Which pub? The Robin Hood.The one by the church. Audrey's landlady thought she heard Frank shouting at Audrey in her flat Saturday teatime, but he was on a football pitch in Stockton. So who was it? He thought the world of Audrey, son. She was his little girl. He just didn't want her going to London. Go and bring your husband back down, please, will you? I'm taking you both to the station. Pack a bag, because you might have to stay overnight. It all started innocently enough. No. The truth. There was never anything innocent about it. Not from the very first moment. A government lawyer! No wonder Mr Donovan told me to be especially nice to you. Actually, Joe... I think I could use your help myself. How may I help you, Blaise? Could you? I'd be so grateful. Thank you. Good choice, Joe. Don't be misled by the place, Chief Inspector. The girls are only bait. It's not about sex, it's about gambling. That's where the profit is. Patrick Donovan has a ten-year-old conviction in America for blackmail. If I'd have told my superiors at the Home Office, he'd have been deported. But I didn't. And Audrey... was my reward. She called herself Blaise. Nothing was real. Leave your troubles at the door, Joe. This is the place where dreams come true. 'And even though I knew that she was with me because she'd been told to, yet I still went along with it. 'And soon it was out of control. 'Forbidden flesh, Mr Gently.' And Oh. The taste of that flesh.You became lovers? 'I would've given her the world, but she was happy with a bunch of flowers. 'I would've shown her the finest hotels money could buy, but 'for safety's sake, we used a sordid little chalet she had the use of. 'And you know what? It didn't matter. 'I loved her with all my heart.' My wife I believe to be a kind of saint, Mr Gently. So sure about good and evil. So clear-minded as to her objectives. She burns with a righteous anger that I cannot live up to. I'm not a saint I'm afraid. I haven't done anything!Put him in a cell. Pour some coffee down his throat. Are you deaf or what..? Sorry, Mrs Chadwick. In here, please. Sarge. Frank Allingham's just come walking in off the street. I have him in room two. Right. You think I'm a stupid, middle-aged man. And you're not far wrong. Reality had to reassert itself. And it did. She got pregnant. You weren't taking precautions? It never even occurred to me, Chief Inspector. It wasn't real life, after all. And she wasn't either? Obviously not. And? That was the point at which the sheer madness of what I'd been doing came home to me. I told her it was all over between us, but... I offered to stand by her, admit to being the father, support her afterwards, whatever the cost to me. But she took no notice. She went and got an abortion. As you probably knew from the autopsy. I also know she was raped, Mr Bishop. Raped? Not by you then? Why would I rape Audrey? She gave herself to me. Then do you know who else would have done it? Her ex... Frank something. I think, I know, he hit Audrey more than once. Audrey told me. That's all I can suggest. Poor Audrey. Do you and your wife have children, Mr Bishop? No. We couldn't. Well, as we both now knew, Margaret couldn't. How humiliating that was for her. And how did your wife find out about you and Audrey? I told Margaret everything. I wanted to live in the light... ..admit to my stupidity, see what could be salvaged. How did she react?As if nothing had happened. As if I'd said nothing. Margaret has a way of denying anything she couldn't deal with. Your wife says that the idea of your being in Rakes Club is complete rubbish. That doesn't surprise me. She stands there night after night with that camera. I used to cover my face with my scarf, pull my head down... Just one more thing that she couldn't admit to. One more humiliation for her. Where are those photographs? In her dark room, I suppose. Sorry I nutted you. You will do when the judge is finished with you. You didn't know about Audrey's abortion, did you? Why did you flush her pills down the loo, Frank? Because she was sleeping with somebody else, wasn't she? Who? Whoever it was, Frank, may be the man that raped her. Rape? Who was it? You and Ronnie Chadwick went to Rakes and you picked a fight with Patrick Donovan. Why? He had his hands all over her. Like she belonged to him. You haven't charged her or anything,No. Where were you on Saturday night, Mr Bishop? Me? I was here. Alone? No. Margaret was in. In here. I'm going to need to keep these. Chief Inspector, may I see my wife? No. Not yet, I'm afraid. And don't go anywhere. I may need to speak to you again. Audrey had an affair with Joe Bishop and she got pregnant by him. Patrick Donovan, you mean. Bishop admits it. Confessed the whole thing to his wife. What? Yeah. Joe Bishop? Yeah. He might say they were lovers. My guess is it was all part of the job for Audrey. And he thinks Frank Allingham might have been the rapist. Nah, he's not clever enough to lie this well. He thinks it was Donovan. Ahh, what if... the rapist and the murderer weren't the same person? Margaret Bishop you mean? Nah. How could she move the body on her own? Maybe she didn't move it on her own. Joe Bishop? Possibly. He's absolutely full of guilt. All this because of an affair? Think about it. Her husband's child, the child they could never have together, by the way, murdered by Audrey. And Fawn. That would explain why she's made herself scarce, wouldn't it? So what about Ronnie Chadwick then? I mean, he's given his wife a beating. Right? She's got a bruise on her right cheek. Same as what Audrey had. Leads with his left. Yeah, and his wife says he was at Audrey's flat on Saturday teatime. You stay on him. I'll stick with Margaret Bishop. Can you tell me what each of these is, please? My house keys, back door, front door, garden shed. And this one? My dark room. You keep your dark room locked? Not usually. The camera has a new film in it. When did you start it? Over the weekend sometime.What's on it? You. Your sergeant... Have this film developed, will you? And check these to see if any of them fit the lockSir. Ahh. I've never seen them before. Check those as well. I don't understand what's going on. Don't you? I think those are the keys to Audrey Chadwick's room. Why would I have keys to her room?So that you could return and clean up any evidence of the murder. Did you kill Audrey Chadwick, Mrs Bishop? Why would I do that? Because she was having an affair with your husband. Because she got pregnant by him. Something you could never achieve. Because she had her baby aborted. Something that you regard as murder... Your husband told us everything. He's what? Told us everything he told you. I want to speak to Joe. Where is he?I can't allow that. I'd like to pray. You lost your temper, Ronnie. And who could blame you? There is your daughter giving up her career as a nurse and spending her life dressed like jailbait. And screwing a married man. Well, it's true, isn't it? You lost your temper. And you used your fists. It's in your blood, isn't it? All right, yeah. Yeah, right. I hit her, right. I hit me own daughter. I didn't want her to go to London. I wanted her to stay here. Settle down. Give her mother grandbairns. That's all I wanted. You hit her. Right. And everything went quiet. Why was that? What did you hit her with? Did you kill your daughter, Ronnie? I loved that lass. I slapped her face. And all I wanted to do after was cut me own hand off. I was ashamed. Sometime before she was murdered, your daughter was raped. Any idea who did it? Did you have to tell me that?I'm sorry, but we need to know. Another girl's life is at risk. What about Frank? Ronnie, what about Frank? Cos, he knew that she was two-timing him. Could he have raped her? I don't know. Never mind praying, Margaret. Tell me again, where were you on Saturday? I was at a prayer meeting until the early evening. And then? I got home around seven and spent the rest of the evening in my dark room. Was your husband there? Joe was downstairs, watching TV. I came down at about nine, and we had a light supper together and then we went to bed. Do you share a bed? No, not any more. Separate rooms? Yes. I don't know anything about those keys. Somebody must've put them in my bag. One of the Lord's enemies, maybe. Mock me if you must. But don't mock the Lord. Sir, Ronnie Chadwick admits he was there and that he hit her, but nothing else. I reckon he thinks that Frank could've raped her. What about her? Says she was home with Joe. Mr Bishop's arrived, sir. I've put him in a room. And the ice pick's got her prints all over it and it fits the wound on the dead woman's head. Ahh. Bring it to me. Yes, sir. Somebody checking those keys? Yes, sir, and the film's on the way from the lab. It's pathetic, isn't it? Hmm-mm. Take heed, John. Thank you for coming in, Mr Bishop. I want to talk to Margaret. Not yet. Tell us again about Saturday night. I was watching the television,Till what time? All evening. Where was your wife? As I said, she was upstairs in her dark room. How can you be sure? It's a big house. No, no, no, Margaret was there. I could hear her moving about. Even though you were downstairs with the telly on? How can you be so sure that your wife didn't leave the house, Mr Bishop? Margaret could not have done this, Chief Inspector. She's not capable of what you are thinking. Now she said she didn't see you until she came downstairs at nine. So you yourself are unaccounted for until that time. I told you, I was watchingWhat was on? The football results, Dr Who, Jungle Boy, Juke Box Jury. Name one of the records on Juke Box Jury? Gerry And The Pacemakers, It's Gonna be All Right. Was it a hit or a miss? I can't remember! Na-arr... So, I ask again, how do you know that Margaret was in her dark room all that time if you were watching TV so avidly? Margaret doesn't tell lies. Margaret's... We found some keys in her bag that I believe are the keys to Audrey's room. This isn't just about Audrey, right. Fawn Granger is missing. What? Fawn. Who went with Audrey for the abortion. Another murderer in your wife's opinion. Sir. Bloody hell. From your wife's camera. Margaret came home at midnight on Saturday night. She seemed distressed. She locked herself in her bedroom. I didn't see her till morning. God help us... This is all my fault. I'm going to talk to your wife again. Now I suggest that you go home and pack her a bag. Because she's going to need it. When you come back, then you can spend some time with her, but not alone. How can I face her after what I've done to her? Tell Margaret I'm sorry. Where is Fawn, Mrs Bishop? Mrs Bishop?! What are you doing? I'm praying for her soul. And for mine. Stand up, please, Mrs Bishop. Come on. This point exactly matches the wound to Audrey Chadwick's head. Your husband has told us that you came home after midnight on Saturday in a distressed state and locked yourself away for the rest of the night. Now, do you have anything to tell me, Mrs Bishop? I murdered Audrey Chadwick. May God forgive me. Margaret Bishop, I'm charging you with the murder of Audrey Chadwick. You do not have to say anything, but anything you do say will be taken down and may be used in evidence against you. Do you have anything to say? I'd like to speak to Joe. Your husband's gone home. Tell him... I forgive him for what he's done to me, tell him I understand and tell him I love him. Any news on Fawn? No, Sarge. But three regulars at the Robin Hood pub remember seeing Ronnie Chadwick on Saturday night. Doesn't matter any more. Keep him and his wife here for the time being. I've got some news for them. How did she get the body to the church on her own? I don't know. Probably one of those nutters in the God Squad helped her. This religion thing is mental, isn't it? My wife was a devoutSorry. Sorry, I meant Margaret Bishop. It's... It's mental that she's taken photographs of everybody and everything. I think she wanted to get caught. It's all that weird Catholic guilt stuff. If you say that one more time, we won't have to wait until Charity Night, I'll punch you now. Those keys do fit Audrey Chadwick's lock, sir. Excellent. Thank you, Taylor. There's always the husband. He could have helped her. Do you think she killed Fawn as well, sir? Sir, do you think she killed Fawn as well? Sir! Don't think you care about Fawn, do you, sir? Slow down. Shut up a minute, have another look at those. Who am I looking for? Who isn't there? What? Keep looking. Who isn't going in the front door of Rakes Club? Look at that. Not your best angle. OK. Who isn't there? Patrick and Helen Donovan. What's that tell you? Don't know. That there must be a back entrance.But we checked around the back of the club, sir. There's no other way into that building. This is getting boring. There's another entrance, isn'tHow very clever of you. Yes. For Patrick and me. At the back. Through the adjoining building. Did Joe BishopYes. Why? She never knew he came here. Who else didn't show up in the photographs? Joe Bishop. Margaret Bishop never knew he came here, cos he used the private entrance. What difference does it make? He confessed about the affair. Well, he said he did... Remember what she said? "I love him. Tell him I forgive him for everything that he's done to me." About the affair and the abortion... No, no, no. Who sank Margaret Bishop's alibi? Who had access to her camera? Who had the most to lose if Audrey told her story? Joe did. Yeah. And who did she tell her story to? Fawn. I let him go. Mrs Donovan, I think Fawn's life is in danger. If you know where she is, you must tell me. I don't know. You don't care about Fawn or Audrey, as long as it doesn't affect your takings. Do you know anything about a chalet? Audrey and Joe used a chalet. Do you know where it is? Cullercoats.I've informed the Home Office of your husband's criminal record. You'll be leaving this small island quite soon. Arm yourself. Follow me there. And bring Margaret Bishop. We may need her to talk to him. SHOP BELL RINGS Get in... Follow us! If you've got any prayers left, now would be a good time. I'm not a wicked man. I'm just a fool. You know I did that shameful thing to her. She despised me after that, didn't she? It was you that raped her? I thought she meant it was Patrick. She never told you it was me? No. You killed Audrey, didn't you? Oh, come on, Fawn. You knew that, You know she came to see me on Saturday night. She told me so. What? When she came to say she was walking out on me. She told me she was going home to pack. I needn't have come here. I didn't need to come here. It's right here. Right. Right! That's Joe's car. I would never tell. I'll tell them it was Patrick that killed her. Margaret's already been charged with Blaise's murder. How could you do that to her? She's been a martyr to I've just given her what she's always wanted, in a way. Everybody wanted to believe it was her. I just helped them. Well, then it was just a rape... I won't tell. You can trust me. I promise. Look, I promise. I swear to God. You stay in the car. Sir, he's definitely here, sir. We've just seen his car. Which number? I don't know, sir. I don't know, what do we do now? SCREAMING John... Don't shoot unless you have to... Bishop! There's armed police out here. Fawn? It's John Bacchus! No! He's not armed! Joe! Can you help me, please? Joe! I told you about making love to Audrey in the chalet. That's not the way it was, really. I thought it was time she gave me some of what she'd put in the shop window. What the hell do you want?! Why can't you take "no" for an answer?! 'But I wasn't really hearing, the word "No".' I'm sick of all this teasing! Why didn't she just tell the police about it? Money? Enough for a new life in London? Nice knowing you, Blaise. So I lose my job then? I'm afraid so. We don't like our girls to fool around with the customers. Do we, Patrick? That's right, Helen. We don't tolerate that. She used some of the money to pay for the abortion. I never expected to see her again. What happened on Saturday night, Joe? She came to tell me she was leaving for London. She came to tell me exactly what she thought of me. I was glad to see her. I wanted the chance to apologise for what I'd done. You, Mr Bishop, are a pathetic flake of cod shite. I pity you. You won't ruin my life. I'll rise far above and beyond you and one day I'll look down on you and I'll laugh. I'll laugh at you and your pathetic wife, and your pathetic little life. I really love you.Don't try anything stupid, Joe. People know I'm here. Fawn knows I'm here. And if you so much as lay another finger on me, I'll go to the police. 'Once I'd hit her, 'I knew I had to kill her.' Do the Donovans get off scot free? No. Rakes is closing down and the Donovans have been deported. Well... See you. Go on. Talk to her. I want you back in five minutes. Fawn? I should've said thank you for saving my life. It's all part of the job. So what are your plans then? The same as always, except they won't involveSorry... I wouldn't have gone What are your plans? Why do you want to know, Sergeant? You know why I want to know, Fawn. I'm going to do what Audrey would've wanted me to do. Follow the dream. What's the dream? A man that I can rely on. Four kids. Oh. Right. I want what your wife probably thought she was getting, John. I hope you find it. I will. Ladies and gentlemen, in the red corner, representing the senior ranks, Chief Inspector George "Go And Get Him" Gently! And in the blue corner, The Lindisfarne Lip himself Sergeant John "Back Him While YouCHEERING What's my name?! I'm so pretty! You tell that Ugly Bear my name! Right. I want a fair contest. No spitting, no gouging. Gouging?! We're only messing about, man. Mind the nose, George. Still a bit sore. Is it? MAN: Come on, then, let's go. Come on! Seconds out. Round One! I am The Greatest! I am The Greatest! What's my name?! What's my name?! One, two, three, four, five, six, seven... 'Eight, nine, ten... He's out.' Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd E-mail subtitling@bbc.co.uk 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 