Our Cartoon President: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Our Cartoon President 
 s2e6 - Visiting the Troops - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Our Cartoon President (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 6 - Visiting the Troops - full transcript 
 Our Cartoon President uses Hollywood magic to fake a handshake with the troops while a lonely Cartoon Don Jr. forms a fast friendship with cartoon tech-mogul Elon Musk. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Donald Trump Jr. is testifying to the Senate Intelligence Committee. Unfortunately, news cameras are not allowed inside. _ Would the witness please state your name for the record? D... Uh... Donald Trump Jr. Uh, previous aliases include "D-T-J", "His Royal Drinkiness", "Señor Bong", "The Freak", "2 Fast, 2 Junior-ous", - and "Sir Shits-Himself". - Great. Did the President have advanced knowledge of the Trump Tower meeting? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Yeah, but only because he can see the future! Like, yesterday, he said he just knows he's going to prison. - That's spooky! - Jesus Christ. You guys are lawyers, right? So, okay, I backed over this pizza delivery kid, and his big-ass Adam's apple dinged my bumper! Am I entitled to compensation? Please let's stay on topic. The secret is to launch the firecracker from the bottom of your crack. It stings a little, but you get drunker faster! Russia collusion? Not I! I've been crab-fishing on the high seas! Did you hide a sailor suit in the bathroom? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 How do you feel about your father putting you in this situation? Oh, no! Here it comes! I'll tell you everything! But when I'm in jail, you guys have to take Kim fishing! Wait. Does that person have to type everything I say? Yes, it's the stenographer. Ass! Whoa! She typed it. Ass, ass, balls! She typed that, too! ♪ Ass, ass, ass, balls ♪ ♪ Ass, ass, ass, balls ♪ ♪ Ass, ass, ass, balls, ass, ass, ass, balls ♪ - Okay. Stop it. Stop. - ♪ Ass, ass, ass, balls ♪ - Oh, for Christ's sake. - ♪ Ass, ass, ass, balls ♪ ♪ Ass, ass, ass, balls, ass, ass, ass, balls ♪ ♪ Ass, ass, ass, balls ♪ ♪ Ass, ass, ass, balls, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass ♪ ♪ B-a-a-a-a-alls ♪ - She's still typing! - That's enough! And could you read that back for us? "Ass, ass, ass, balls." "Ass, ass, ass, balls." You like my sign? Okay, who built this sign?! Pizzuh-hut, Soldiers! We're here in one of Iraq's most Middle Eastern-y cities to recognize the troops and women dressed as troops for their tremendous service in wars or whatever. Mr. President, I want to introduce you to one of our bravest, Sergeant Tully. She's... Shit! I friggin' whiffed! I wish I could be there to shake your dehydrated hands, but, you know, golf. We understand. You're very busy, sir. Hey, you got the next, much worse thing, Mike Pence. Shake their hands for me, Mikey! Pardon my use of the Pence family glove. Karen says, "Touching a career woman's hand is a backstage pass to Hades' land." Don't shake her hand loud! It'll distract my swing! _ I'm Jake Tapper. And a reminder for folks at home... no talking during my show. It appears the President would rather grip his five-iron than the hand of a soldier. This behavior has been satirized by some of America's most skilled cartoonists, including TV newsman Jake Tapper. Let's check in with President Chump. President Chump was golfing, when he should've been respecting our troops. It seems this presidency is hitting a lot of bogies. _ And that's our show. Sorry we didn't get to the Flint water crisis. Tapper is relentless. Announce my resignation before he draws another President Chump! Everything's gonna be fine! Let's just fly you to Iraq to shake a few hands, hug a few flags, go pat-pat on a tank like it's a Corgi. How about instead of Iraq, I fly to... wait for it... Mar-a-Lago? Mar-a-Lago! Yes! A lot of the club members are military defense contractors. Why talk to a soldier about war when you can laugh with a billionaire about war crimes? You could simply mouth the words "Thank you for your service," and I'll fill in the voice later. "Ehhh! Thank you for your service. Ehhh!" It's their job! Am I supposed to thank this Robo-Vacuum, too? Without the Robo-Vacuum, you'd be ankle deep in Pop-Tart crumbs. Why don't we just invite Bill Shine back? - He's the king of optics. - No, no, Conway. I got a simple no-fuss solution to put this issue to bed. It's time to bring home all the brave, sweaty troops, and no troops means no me sitting on a plane for ten hours just to shake hands with some guy named Kyle. Okay. World peace. Was the Defense Department made aware? Chopper's too loud! Can't hear you! Ha, ha! Whatever, Louis! I didn't even want to go hunting with you anyway! Ever since I started using every waking moment of my adult life to compliment my dad, I have, like, no friends! I'm your friend! You're not my friend, Eric. You're my brother and enemy. I'm not even getting likes on this dank photo of me playing patty-cake with a jaguar carcass! - Elon Musk liked it. - Yeah, right. would ever like my dumb Po-oh... my... ass. _ Joining me now to discuss the President's sudden mass troop withdrawal... self-appointed spokesman for millions of unwitting servicemen, Senator Lindsey Graham. The only way to keep this country safe is to have troops in Yemen for so long that, when they come home, their dogs forget their scent and have to take cues from the room that they should be jumping around all silly-like. Which brings us to the latest installment of President Chump. Do I have to stay? The President is withdrawing the troops. You can't do that at the ATM. It's not the American Troop Machine. _ Unfortunately, the only currency the military accepts is respect, a phrase made famous by soul singer Aretha Franklin. ♪ Aretha Franklin ♪ Tapper, stop! I'm a human being, damn it! Sir, you can't withdraw the entire military just to avoid awkward conversation. Just pretend the troops are me and replicate our natural, jazz-like banter. The closest our conversations get to jazz is when I threaten to beat you with a saxophone. The bottom line is the perpetual war state only allows the commander-in-chief to add troops or shuffle the more confused ones to the back. Bill Shine. What are you doing here? Kellyanne told me you're upset. You only called into Fox & Friends for 70 minutes today? Bill, everyone acts like troops sacrifice more than I do for this country. Did you know they let injured veterans skip the line at Space Mountain? Doesn't seem right! That's exactly what I told Goofy. It's as if my injury doesn't matter. It was 1969, and I was shipping out for my fifth deferment from Vietnam. Nixon had been elected. Loser John McCain was still in a P-O-W camp for being a total loser, and my foot had an appointment with the podiatrist. America's most notorious draft dodgers were there... Dutch, an English major from Yale... Snake Stan from Harvard, an English major. And Grunt. By God, he was only 18, celebrating his last summer before shipping off to Yale for his double major in literature and English. Give it to me straight, Doc, exactly how my dad told you to. You have bone spurs. ♪ My foot hurts ♪ - ♪ Yeah ♪ - ♪ My foot hurts ♪ I left my innocence on the carpet of that podiatrist's office. - We all did. - It's disgraceful how America treats its draft-dodging scions! I'll handle this. You just focus on being the first president to say "dongasorus" on Yom Kippur. Did you know Elon Musk went bald and genius-scienced an entire new head of hair? Just like Dad! Dad's hair is real, idiot! Any moment now, I will be high. Hello? This is Elon Musk. You're living in a simulation. Hey! This is Don Junior Trump. You know, from the news? Ohh. Don Junior Trump. How did you get my number? You tweeted that you paid five million bucks for the number 420-6-9. Oh, lé cool. So you're the Trump kid with the jaguar carcass? Yeah! You should come by and shoot it some more! And maybe hang out? Is that awkward? - Desperate, much?! - I'm nervous! No, no, it's not awkward turtle. I'm pretty busy innovating right now. Uh... But I could come by in, like, 18.4 minutes. Look at these brave soldiers. This is how we're gonna fix your handshake problem. For decades, rumors spread that this flag planting was staged, a bigger sham than Glenn Beck becoming a scarf guy! But validity doesn't matter if the story is prime for marbleizing. Don't shake it. Fake it! Shine, last time I participated in a misinformation campaign, I became president of the United States. Barf. Fair enough. I guess you could sacrifice one weekend and fly to Iraq... Describe when you feel the pain in your feet. Every time I almost serve in the military, it stings pretty bad. I've already made one sacrifice for this country, Bill, and I'm not about to make another. Then, Mr. President, let's fake you shaking a soldier's hand. What the hell was that? A fake-out, sir. Oh, I get it. Do that again, and I'll fucking kill ya. So, what's the best way to fake this troop handshake? I-I'm new to this whole lying thing. Okay, okay. I said okay! This country has a rich history of fakery, like pretending we care about human rights in South America and not just their tasty bananas. If you need any fake Iraqi backdrops painted, it's watercolor week at Karen's heterosexual art class. I can take every textbook and paste a bit about you visiting Iraq over the ten-word summary on that whole Rosa Parks bus thing. These are the worst goddamn pitches I've ever heard! And Bill O'Reilly once pitched me a call-in show titled Late Night Whack Off. We're just gonna film it on a soundstage. Can my actress wife play a flight attendant or something? - No! - Don't blame ya. She sucks. Just need to be able to tell her I tried. I can't believe I'm boozing with Elon Musk. It's nice to hang with someone not trying to cancel me. People talk about me like I'm Dr. Evil. But Dr. Evil rules. And Mini-Me, too! Shit. Rest in peace, Mini-Me. I really thought I'd win the public's love with my new hyperloop, but not even a luxury-car portal for billionaires could turn my image around. No matter how hard we try, we just can't get poor and therefore ugly people to like us. - To real friends! - And Mini-Me! Who are we getting to direct this handshake video... Woody Allen, Bryan Singer, Mario Batali? I'll film it. I was the visionary behind Jesse Watters going down to Chinatown to mock first-generation immigrants - who can't quote Tommy Boy. - Cool! Now, I'm thinking the troops come out to their theme song, which is just the word "money" 500 times. Um, that's The Apprentice. Okay. How 'bout this... instead of troops, we bring in tax-evading sitcom sidekicks, bald country musicians, and a young, weeping Piers Morgan. - Celebrity Apprentice! - It worked then; it'll work now! I'd like to get to some of the stars if I can, but, if not, maybe upload my consciousness into, like, that star... or even that one. Elon, this has been the best night of my life, and I once saw the Cash Cab drive by. Hey, do you think my dad would want one of your hyperloops? He'd probably prefer it. Air Force One's toilet flushes scary. Well, here's the great thing. You don't need a toilet on the hyperloop. You go so fast, your body's only capable of discharging orgasmic delirium. But how would we pay for it? I've been in the red ever since I went all-in on currency for a fake country called Abo Dabbo. Uh, do you think getting funding from Congress would be fire or, like, suss? Good luck getting it through those vanilla dorks. They wouldn't even let my dad build a wall between refugees and their newborns. Don't worry. I'm from Silicon Valley. With a smoke machine, disorienting house music, and the unblinking confidence of a YouTube pickup artist, anything is possible. That star's pretty cool. So many cool stars. This reminds me of the good ol' days at Fox News. I bet Roger Ailes is in heaven right now, groping down on us. My brother started Blackwater and gave me some tips to get into character... back straight, chin up, shoot a few civilians. Oh, that's a good idea. We should do that. I'm late. Whatever. Go over there and shake Lieutenant Mnuchin's hand, please. We're rolling. Well, wait a second. I have to shake a hand? - Jesus fucking hell! - Ugh! Fine, fine! Shut up! And... action! Wow! Troops! We love the troops! Oh, no! Enemy attack! I'm so brave! No other president has ever done this! I must really love our troops! We'll fix it in post. No other president has ever done this! I must really love our troops! Okay. I'm going to re-defeat ISIS! Ahh! That's right, ISIS! Alright, that's all set. This handshake has once again proved our President's undying primordial love for this country! Folks, we're having a parade for him across the entire nation right now led by me! Let's go! Looks like President Chump has become President Champ. But instead of climbing the steps of the Philadelphia Museum of Art, like Rocky did, he's climbing the ranks of best Presidents. Cory Booker's up there? That guy's cool as ass! He wears jeans on the weekends. Just remember... be as cold and inhuman as the technology you're selling. Thanks. Oh, and, Elon? Yeah? Thanks. I'm here to revolutionize the world by installing mass transit for the rest of us. People who flip out if the flight attendant asks us to alter our behavior in literally any way. As a resident of Silicon Valley... - Ooh! - He lives there. ... I know what it takes to build this hyperloop fast, cheap, and with technology. I've been told technology is the future of tech! Here's a normal train going very slow as ass. - Boo! - Boresville! Where's the technology? But here is my hyperloop, going so fast! Look at it go! It's faster than the slow one! Hey, Schumer, what's the most annoying thing about mass transit? When loud groups of unruly teenagers mock my sensible shoes. We're on our feet all day! My hyperloop takes the mass out of mass transit. It's just you and your car underground. So it's a car tunnel? Turn up the fog. - Ooh! - Great fog tech! For a hyperloop from... and I'm thinking randomly... Washington, D.C., to Mar-a-Lago, all I'm asking for is $40 million. Make it a billion, and you have a deal! Speech! Speech! Speech! Bill, we did it. We made it look like I did it. How are you this good at optics? Let's just say... I'm seeing 20/20! Oh, no. Shut the hell up until I get it! Hey, everyone. My wife bought me a Sony Mini-DCR HC26 a couple Christmases ago, so I caught some fun bloopers. Enjoy. Uh-oh. Here we go. Thank you for your shervish. - Shervish?! - Wait, wait. He said what?! Thank you for your service. Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Call an ambulance! Oh, no. Where is Mnuchin, anyway? God. I don't even know why I'm doing this. I genuinely hate the troops. You shouldn't laugh at that! Honestly, it should turn your blood cold. Because I am serious. I absolutely hate the troops! Pompeo Productions. Wow. I'm glad you guys like it. I was nervous when I posted it on YouTube. I can feel everyone's mad at me, but, again, I don't know why. I'm Wolf Blitzer, and every morning I wake up in a suit, unsure how it got on my body. According to a blooper reel posted by YouTube user "CoolSecretAgent63", the footage of Trump shaking the hand of troops was staged. Joining me now, a man whose brain makes him stutter out of sheer self-preservation, Rudy Giuliani. Is it true the troops are so insulted that they no longer want the president to visit? Now, let me stop you right there, Shep. Clearly, Donald Trump didn't shake the hand of a real soldier because he's too lazy to fly to the Middle East. Uh-oh! Maybe if I say the same thing backwards, it's like clicking "undo". - I'm so sorry, sir. - Sorry? The troops found out the video's fake, and now they hate me so much they don't want me to visit? Shine, you did it! Whoo! So, if we convert my dad's bed into the elevator, he could ride his mattress all the way to Mar-a-Lago! Where's the power source? Ugh! All this thinking has sobered me up. Want to go to Bringo's? It's eleven-dollar Coors' night! Uh, how 'bout you go and I'll meet you there? Sometimes a genius needs to work alone, you know? What's the point of being a genius if you don't have a best friend to share it with? What's Albert without Einstein? Yeah, man, go for it. Whatever you need. I'm good. I'm heading to Mar-a-Lago for some well-earned me time. If Melania asks where I am... Oh, who am I kidding? Hey, where's the salute-y guy? You mean the Marine? He went AWOL when he saw that blooper reel. Well, one more arm lift I don't have to do today. Also, your pilots went AWOL, too. Some people just don't have the personal fortitude to work for people they hate. So, you're saying I have to... walk? I'd rather ride in a shitty hatchback with Satan himself! Did someone say hatchback? All aboard the S.S. S.S.! Ugh! Elon is six hours late. My Coors is piping-hot now! Merging technology and government is an important step Congress must take. Today, Elon Musk's hyperloop. Tomorrow, functional voting machines that don't collapse when you close the curtain. This hyperloop will have serious BDE, which, of course, stands for Big Dick Energy. - Yeah. Uh-oh. I said it. - Can you turn this off? The hyperloop is gonna break the Internet. What does the fox say? He says, "Anyone who doubts the hyperloop can cash me outside, how 'bout dah!" Can you turn this off, please? Hey... What? Just wanted to take another look - at this hyperloop. - Turn it off, please! Let me tell you guys, the hyperloop will be lit A-F. - Hyperloop, Felicia! - Please turn it off! I've always dreamed we'd drive south together, doing 90, tailgating some Hispanic family road-tripping to Disney. Can't we just put on the radio? How about the one CD that's stuck in there? Ah-ah. Don't touch the knob. It only gets louder. You have any snacks or anything? Doritos Nacho Blasters? Cheetos Nacho Blast 'Ems? Something even better than junk food... Soylent! All your daily vitamins in one thick lurid cream. How much longer is this gonna be? This car is sort of the opposite of that bus from Speed... once you get over 60, it immediately blows up. And that's how I found out that I'm susceptible to cults but immune to cyanide capsules. - Oh, look, we're here. - Let me out! Hold on. You have to open all the doors at once, or it doesn't work. Mar-a-Lago. The one place in the world where I'm welcomed with open, gold watch-covered arms. Oh, no! Every board member is a defense contractor! Forget the troops! I pissed off Lockheed Martin! Lockheed... M-a-a-a-artin! Don't feel bad about getting kicked out of your own country club, sir. I've been kicked out of three Red Robins this week just for scent alone. Why is it so hot? I can't turn on the AC without awakening a nasty colony of hornets currently breeding in there. Just. Take me. Back. - Boo! Boo! - Troop hater! Respect the troops! I hate the people, but the people aren't supposed to hate me. I had military-grade wipers installed just for these situations. Comes in handy literally every moment of my life. - This button? - No! That's the AC! Arm yourself! It's the queen! Thanks for coming, Jeff Bezos. I prefer my billionaires without a full head of luscious high-tech hair. I'm glad you called and that your father put aside our feud to learn how Amazon is revolutionizing the way our economy hollows out the middle class. Sure. Hey, you know what would be fun? Doing an Instagram video just for fun. Hey, Elo... Er, shit. Hey, everybody! I'm here with my best billionaire buddy, Jay-zos. Is Amazon kicking around any cool innovations? A flying skateboard? Really funny glasses? We're adding low-cost housing to our intercontinental cargo ships so Amazon Fulfillment Families can sort recurring toiletry orders from the comfort of their own intermodal containers. Uck! Why did I think you'd be cool?! Your claim to fame is delivering a single tube of toothpaste in nine pounds of cardboard. Talk about an understatement. I won't talk about that, actually! Those guys had it made. A beach covered in blood and guts is still a beach. There's still time to save yourself, Mr. President! Senator Lindsey Graham? What are you doing here? I'm always right behind you, just in case you need something like a bottle of water, a folksy saying with racist undertones, or if you're ever having trouble with the troops... - The last one! - Just go meet 'em. It's not a sacrifice for you. It's a sacrifice for them. They're the ones who gotta climb out of their bunks at 2 a.m. for a photo op even though on the ballot they wrote in "Ron Paul". But I specifically said I wouldn't go. How can I betray my principles? I used to say Donald Trump was evil human garbage, but then my best friend who didn't like me died, and I needed a new best friend who didn't like me, and that's you. Hey, this is Awesome Chris, and I'm gonna pour 40 ounces of Patrón into this helium balloon and swallow it. I wonder if Awesome Chris would be my friend. - Hey. - What are you doing here? Shouldn't you be with Cory Booker and his cool weekend jeans? Eh. Seeing you with another pursed lipped billionaire made me miss our laughs. Remember when we yelled at that waitress for being old, and she heard us and frowned? I never meant to use you. I just saw an opportunity to leverage our friendship for financial and political gain, and I took it. You should've just told me that! I heard your father needs to get to Iraq. I could sure use some help building a hyperloop. But Iraq is a hundreds of miles away. Once you get into the ground, every point is equidistant. Equi-what?! You are a genius! Tesla Motors. The future is affluent. ♪ T-E-S-L-A, Tesla ♪ ♪ It's solar power for the elite ♪ ♪ Solar power for the elite ♪ ♪ T-E-S-L-A, Tesla ♪ ♪ Electric cars for the one percent ♪ ♪ Millionaires fighting climate change in style ♪ ♪ In a car made by that guy ♪ ♪ Who called that Thai diver a pedophile ♪ ♪ Pedophile, pedophile ♪ ♪ T-E-S-L-A, Tesla ♪ ♪ Electric cars for the elite ♪ Friends, family, the millions of people who wanted to be here but had to pick up a friend from the airport, today, I head to the Middle East to shake the hand of a United States soldier. When will I return? No one knows, but probably later tonight. Lindsey, if I don't make it back, I give you permission to become an engorged leech upon Mitt Romney. Thank you, Mr. President. Give that hand hell! Oh, shit, no pilot. The military still hates me for hating them! Handshake is canceled. Should we just blow up America and start over? Dad! Wait! I made a friend. Don, this isn't a time for jokes. I'm serious! He has this tube, and you get in, and it's a car, and then you... He can explain it better than me, but you go right to Iraq in, like, ten minutes or something. Don't worry, Mr. President. We worked out all the kinks. Who's "we"? Oh, me and your son Don Jr. Oh, this will not work. Relax. I know what I'm doing. I'm from Silicon Vall... Wh-Wha... What happened? You blew up, Dad! It was awesome! And Elon Musk? He died doing what he loved... spending lots of money to explode a thing nobody wanted. And he'll get to die again, someday. Elon! You're back! Well, I downloaded my personality from the cloud into a genetically altered corpse. I won't give any more details because they're a tad immoral. Dad, you got wounded while trying to visit a combat zone! You're a hero! And so I stand here in... Doggy Bag, Iraq... to shake the hand of the brave citizen who injured himself on his way to the line of duty... me. I encourage the men who serve and women who abandoned their gender to serve to take their own hand and shake the hell out of it. Lord knows I'm not gonna. Y'all nasty! - Can we go back to bed? - Ron Paul revolution! And that was the President earlier today in Iraq, giving us the inspiration for another installment of President Chump... who, after his injury, could receive a Purple Heart. All he needs is a brain and some courage, and he'll be the wizard of Washington, D.C. Those are always fun. Now on to the looming nuclear war between India and Pakistan. Trump! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 