Suspects: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Suspects 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Suspects (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 Inspector Martha Bellamy, Sergeant Jack Weston and DC Charlie Steele investigate when two-year old Hope Wilkins goes missing after an apparent break-in, which proves to be false. Hope's father Laurie, lives with his cowed young son Toby, having sole access of the children after their mother Rachel was deemed unfit following a breakdown. Nor does Laurie get on with Rachel's religious mother Fiona. Prints on the back window belong to Robbie Hyland, a youngster who ten years earlier had been sentenced for killing his three year old sister. Laurie had argued in the off licence where Robbie worked and soon after Toby, who was friends with Robbie, rang him to say something bad had happened to Hope. Laurie clearly abuses Toby physically and Fiona admits that she took Hope to spare her ill-treatment from her father and that she accidentally died in her care. But Martha and Jack believe she is covering for somebody else. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 "Police are searching for a two-year-old girl after she went missing from her home in the Claypit Road area last night. Her father woke up this morning to find the toddler gone amid signs of a break-in." Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells http://UKsubtitles.ru. I know you're probably both very anxious to get out there and find her but the most important thing for you to do, in my opinion, is to stay here, OK? When we get Hope back to you, the first faces that she will want to see is her father and her brother. Can you talk me through roughly what happened last night? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What time did you put Hope to bed? Er... I put hope to bed probably about seven o'clock. Erm... Me and Toby... sat and watched something for a bit, didn't we? Huh? Didn't we? He went to bed about eight, I suppose. I stayed here, had a couple of drinks. And... erm... I don't know, I think I nodded off about half past nine, probably. You woke up what time? About six, I suppose. Did you notice Hope was missing straight away or...? Yeah, I went down to make a cup of tea and saw the door open, the broken glass. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I thought... there would have been a break-in, a burglary. Went to check the kids were all right. And that's when I discovered that Hope was missing. Toby? Did you hear anything? No. I was asleep. He was asleep. Weren't you? Hope Wilkins, who's been missing since nine pm. OK? Last seen in her cot by dad, Laurie Wilkins. All right, forced entry points. That would suggest that we're dealing with a stranger but historically, and from everything we all know, let's not take our eye off the direct family. So often, it is somebody that the victim knows. Where's Toby and Hope's mother? Rachel, my ex, doesn't live here any more. We're... separated and she doesn't... You're the sole carer? Yeah, absolutely. I have custody of the children. She... erm... Her mother, their grandmother, Fiona, did have access to the children but I discovered that she was... giving Rachel access to the children, which the court very specifically said that she's not allowed to do. I have sole custody of the children. She's not a fit mother. She's got problems and that's the way things are. And... erm... I'm... I'm the one that takes care of the children. All right. OK. Yeah. It's gonna be all right, eh? Police are here. Toby? I'm gonna find your sister and I'm gonna bring her home. We spoke to Laurie and from what he says, the split between him and ex-wife Rachel is particularly acrimonious, which... maybe that custody dispute is a factor in Hope's disappearance. Rachel and grandmother Fiona are on their way in. They live together. There's a search team round there now. No sign of Hope so far. I need more house to house. We've only just started on that. I need CCTV and, I'm pointing out the obvious here, but the press are gonna be all over this like flies on shit, aren't they? So anything media-wise, funnel that straight through to me. Everything else to one side. You know as well as I do we haven't got long. Hi. Hello. Miss Sullivan? Martha Bellamy. Detective Inspector. Take a seat and mainly I just want to ask you where you were last night, please? I was - I was at my mum's. And were you alone there? Only until about ten and then she was home. Rachel, I'm sorry to bring this up but my police records do show that in the past, you have been cautioned for child neglect? Would you like to talk about that for a second? It was a caution, that's it. Was it in respect of Hope? Yeah. I had post-natal depression and things were pretty bad and there was a time when she was crying and I left the house and I went... Just... I left for about four hours and Laurie came back and was there on her own and only a baby so he actually called the police. Why would you accept the caution for neglect if you were ill? I felt pushed by Laurie and things were really bad and I just didn't... I didn't.... It was the way to finish it, I think. I agreed to it. Were you aware what would happen after that, though? That... No, I wasn't even thinking. I wasn't even thinking that. At the time... things were bad. When did you last see Hope? Very briefly, about two weeks ago. Had Fiona told Laurie that you were going to see Hope? No. Right. That's why it was only a short time, because she had to get them back. Fiona, hi. Yes. Detective Constable Steele. I just want to ask you a couple of questions if that's all right. Last night, I understand that you dropped by Laurie and Toby and Hope's house? Yes, at about nine o'clock OK, about nine o'clock. Did you stay long? No, it was only a couple of minutes. Toby answered the door and said that he wasn't allowed to let me in. It makes his father very cross and I didn't want to get him into trouble so I just left. I don't like that woman. There's no point pretending otherwise. I don't like her attitude, I don't like the whole Bible-bashing thing. I had enough of that when I was young and... um... I don't want her in the house. That's all there is to it. What did you do then? I went to St Swithun's. I sometimes just... sit there and think and... And then I went home. So I went to bed, I don't know, 10:30. Listen, I'm down here in the Wilkins' back garden. Just going through the back door and the point of entry. It's physically impossible for someone to have reached through the broken window and got their hands on the back door key. It's too far away. I'm daring to say that this break-in might have been staged. Do you mind if I excused you very very quickly just for two seconds? Steve, one of our SOCOS, wants to eliminate you from the fingerprints. He'll be doing the same with Toby, just for procedure. Yeah, OK. Is Toby coming with me? Toby's here. I have no more questions but Toby can stay here. I'll sit down, watch TV with him or something. Did your grandmother come home last night? Do you like your grandmother? Is she a nice woman? Does she give you money at Christmas? OK. Let me ask you, Toby... did your grandmother take Hope away? No? Thank you very much. I've just had a call. A neighbour reported seeing someone hurrying away from the Wilkins' house at about half past 11. Laurie, maybe? All right. Description to uniform, OK? Yeah. Devise an e-fit based on the description from the neighbour. OK. OK. OK, I'll talk to you in a minute. So tell me about your dad. Did he leave the house last night, Toby? Did you see him leave the house? Toby? Toby, you can trust me. SOCOS found no evidence of entry through that back window. The opening's too small to climb through. Three sets of fingerprints on that back door. One belonging to Laurie, one belonging to Toby and the third set as yet not identified. So... the staged element makes me think it's an inside job. That third set of prints, potentially, is a stranger. I need more info on the third set of prints. Yes. Thank you. OK. Boss? Um, I've got the e-fit from that neighbour. That is absolutely not Laurie. Laurie? Yeah! Just a quick question - do you know who this man is? Yeah. That's a guy called Robbie. He works in the off-license. Where's the off-license? Just down the road. OK. Robbie. Last name? I don't know. OK. OK, I'll track it down. Thanks. Charlie? Go ahead, Sarge. Yeah, so the suspect's full name is Robbie Highland. OK, I'm gonna text you his home address and meet you there. Hurry up on this one. I'm on my way. Excuse me! Yeah, this is it. Robbie? Robbie? Police! Don't move! Is this it? Is there any access through there? Sealed. OK, well, can you guys wait outside? Can you get the SOCOs to come down? Can I have a bag, please? Oh. Thank you. Boss? I've just come back from Robbie's. No sign of him. It looks like he left in a massive hurry. But... present. He's a frequent visitor to shock websites. Yeah. Pretty grim. Good thing, though. We have a very clear set of prints. I've rushed that downstairs so as soon as I know something, I'll come and let you know. So good. Well done. Right. So the unidentified finger marks on Laurie's back door belong to Robbie Highland. Oh. Robbie's fingerprints are red-marked on our system. Oh, great. Robbie Highland. Who we now know is actually Tyler Marcham. Ring any bells? Should think it fucking does. The gentleman you identified as Robbie Highland, from the off-license... Mm-hm. His real name is Tyler Marcham. He was convicted ten years ago for murdering his three-year-old step-brother. What did you say? That's the situation. OK? Robbie... His real name is Tyler? Yes. You telling me there's a convicted child killer living at the bottom of my street? At the moment, all we're - Are you telling me there's a convicted child killer living at the bottom of my street? What do you people do? Do you keep an eye on these people? All right. Finish your cigarette and let's get out of here, OK? The search teams and cadaver dogs are still at Robbie's property but, I mean, there's no sign of anything at the moment. Could you get a toddler in that bag? Does he have any grudge against you or...? Does he have any grudge against me? Does he? No. I don't know the guy. Then we should have nothing to worry about. Finish the cigarette, get in the fucking car. I have CCTV from the shop where Robbie works. OK. Oh, hello, Laurie Wilkins. You can see how much he's buying but I now have the till roll so I can confirm that he bought a shit load of booze at 3:09 in the afternoon and we know he went back later and bought more. That's a lot to get through in one day. So he's pissed as a fart. Mm. Matched with that temper. Listen, I've just seen some CCTV footage taken from the off-license, where you were last night, around 8:30? Yeah. Do you wanna tell me what happened? I was buying some beers. Anything else? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Um... A bit of a disagreement, I think. A bit of a disagreement? I mean, you kicked off. Look, I don't like the guy, OK? I mean, you told me this morning about his past. His history. It all just confirms what I always thought about him. There's something weird about him. I never liked him being near my children or talking to my family. You told me yourself he's a convicted child killer. I wanna know what he's done to my daughter. Could you have said anything to him that might have upset him? Yeah, I probably did. I probably told him some minor insult and asked him to do his job, you know? With maybe a bit more force than was absolutely necessary but that's what it is. I don't like the guy. I wanna know where is he now? Why aren't you talking to him, asking him questions? We've people out looking for him as we speak. So Laurie leaves and pretty much immediately, Robbie picks up the phone and makes a call. The timecode on that is 20:32 and I've got Robbie's call data. At 20:32, he makes a call to Laurie's house which lasts about three minutes. The only people home then are Toby and Hope. So what the hell is Robbie talking to Toby about? Also...22:45, there's a call which goes from Laurie's house to Robbie's mobile phone, which lasts about a minute. It can only be Toby. It has to be. I mean, assuming that the same person that Robbie rang and picked up is the same person that rang him back. Hi, Toby. Hi, Fiona. Hi, guys. Could you quickly tell us who that is? That's Robbie. Do you know him well? Are you good mates? I see him at the park sometimes. When I go to play with my helicopter. Do you ever go to his house? Tell me something. Has Robbie ever called the house? Or have you ever called Robbie maybe? Cos there was a call from the house and that was to where Robbie works. And that was last night - quite late last night, actually. 10:45. Was that you calling Robbie? Toby? I think you really have to answer the question. OK, do you know what? I tell you what. Think about what we've just asked you. You can have a chat and then we'll come back in and we'll talk a little bit more about it but I think we need to have a break. Jack? Look at this. Search team have got something at Laurie's house. Yeah? A T-shirt. Where'd we find it? In the garden. It's Toby's. Do we know whose blood it is? Fast-tracking that with forensics. OK, what we need now is a chat with Toby, isn't it? Toby, this isn't gonna take long. I just need you to talk me through a few things. Can you tell me... what's in this photo? Is that your T-shirt? Yeah? See these little spots here? That's blood. And what we'd like to know is how did all that blood get on your T-shirt? Hm? I had... I had a nosebleed. Oh. D'you have many of those? Oh, it's so hard with juveniles, isn't it? Cos ultimately, he's just scared. I don't know... I don't know how much he's able to tell us, will tell us. It's obvious from the T-shirt that that's not a nosebleed. Drops over here and there... It's... No, it doesn't quite make sense. It doesn't really add up. And he's just... He's just completely got the brick wall up and I'm not sure how to get it down, you know what I mean? How're we going to get him to open up? Robbie Hyland heading in the direction of the tube station, still with that massive bag. They sent some CCTV up. It's on the corner of Macfarlane Road. There he is. Just round the corner from the tube. I assume that's where he's going. Gonna grab a copper, a car. Bringing me through. Can we find out where he's going? You know the tube station Robbie's heading for? Boss wants this on the down-low. We don't need any more public attention till he's in custody. Robbie? Oh, fuck! Get off me! I haven't done anything! Get off! Robbie Hyland? Robbie Hyland? My name is Detective Sergeant Jack Weston. You're under arrest for child abduction. You don't have to say anything but it may harm your defence if you fail to mention when questioned something you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be used in evidence. Do you understand? Do you understand?! Yes! Robbie Hyland. Where is Hope? I don't know. Why did you go to Toby's house last night? Toby's... He's my friend. He called me when I was at the shop. He said that he was in trouble. I thought something had happened with his dad or... I don't know. I went over there. He said something had happened to his sister. Did you ask what had happened to his sister? No. I - I ran away. You didn't stay and help your friend? You didn't...? I couldn't. I thought if I stayed round there, that it was just gonna cause a whole load of trouble. I... I dunno. I just panicked. Robbie Hyland has just made a claim that Toby said that 'something very bad' had happened to Hope so we may not be just looking for a missing child. She may be very hurt. What does 'something bad' mean? "The search continues for two-year-old Hope Wilkins, who police believe was snatched from her home last night." We've located Robbie, Toby. And we're talking to him. So that's good news. Toby? Focus... on what happened to Hope last night. Because you said to your friend Robbie that something really bad had happened. I - I don't approve - Isn't that right? I want you to answer that, please... ..and tell me what had happened to Hope. Nothing happened. She just disappeared, that's all. Forensics have come back on the T-shirt. It's a positive match for Toby Wilkins And also RCF will need to have a look at him. He's got cigarette burns on quite a lot of his body. The blood spots are from the scabs coming away and then that bleeding further into the T-shirt. He also has bruising - a lot of bruising, which ranges in age from quite recent to - I think this is the oldest one - it's about a month old. Laurie smokes. The oldest bruising co-incides with when Rachel came back into their lives. Don't you think that's quite significant? Excuse me, Fiona. How have you missed these burns... What? ..and bruises on Toby's body? These were taken this afternoon. Look at them. Why didn't he tell me? Oh, God. I'm so sorry. Did Toby ever come to you about these? He just... He just closed up the last... I don't know... It may be that you are now a significant witness in this case. Fiona, I'm going to go now and arrange for another appropriate adult to accompany Toby in any further interviews. Not ideal, I know, to do it in here. But we're a bit... pushed for space. It's an absolute nightmare out there. How are you feeling? Not great, erm... Yeah? You smoke, don't you, Laurie? Do I smoke? Yeah, I do. But I assumed I wasn't allowed to smoke in here. No. Not in here. How do you put the cigarettes out? The usual way. In an ashtray or... Ashtray? ..under the tap sometimes. Empty beer can? Yeah. Where? Just on the ground sometimes. It's not against the law, is it? It probably is. But, throw them in the gutter... Whatever. You gonna do me for littering? No. I found these. On Toby's body. I'm going to show them to you one by one cos I want you to have a good look at them. OK? That's one. Taken from his torso. Have you ever seen these on Toby? What are these? We think these are burns from cigarettes. Do you smoke? Yes. Are you responsible for Toby? Yes, I'm responsible for Toby. And I told you earlier... he has been seeing his mother without my permission. And this is exactly the reason he's not supposed to see her. This is exactly what I was afraid of. Some of these burns were less than a week old. Yeah, exactly. Until a few days ago... Toby has been staying with his grandmother, which I did not realise involved also seeing his mother. Rachel, why is it that Laurie is so dead set on you having almost no contact with your own son? Because he's a bully. He wants to punish me, he wants to keep the away from the kids. He says I'm an unfit mother. She has a history of violent behaviour. She has emotional problems, there have been several violent incidents in the past towards me and the children. I didn't think this had got to this stage but this is exactly what I was afraid of and exactly what I was trying to prevent from happening. Rachel, are you an unfit mother? I would never hurt my kids! I would never - I would never do this! Oh, my God. And you didn't hurt Toby... No! ..in any way? No! No! I keep telling you, I didn't do this! You'd better tell her not to come near me for quite some time. OK? OK. What worries me, you see, Laurie... from my point of view... is that not once have you asked how Toby is after this. I've seen some really nasty stuff on your laptop. Do you want to tell me about it? I did drawing when I was in prison. Took classes. I'm actually all right. And, I dunno, I just thought... it'd be fun to draw, I guess. I think it would be fun to draw flowers, Robbie. Or... a bowl of fruit, or something. Well... That stuff's really nasty, isn't it? Yeah. It's nasty but... it's interesting to draw. And I don't think it's illegal so... Have you been abusing your friend Toby? No. Are you sure about that? Yes. He's... He's a true friend. One of my only friends. Are you aware that Toby is being physically abused? Yes. You are? Yes. Have you talked about it? Yes. Who's hurting him? His dad. Is that why you were having an argument with him in the shop? Because I saw that on the CCTV, it looked pretty heated. Is that what that was about? It wasn't that, he was trying to buy more alcohol. Which... you know... being drunk I thought he might actually harm Toby again. I didn't serve him and he... started shouting at me. He spat at me, threatened to beat me up. The guy's a waste of space. And a bully. And a terrible... dad. Are you scared of Toby's dad? No. Scared of anything? Yeah. What are you scared of, Robbie? Coming back to a place like this again. What have you done with Hope? I don't know where my daughter is. You physically and verbally abuse your son Toby. No. No, no. I don't. What's to say you haven't physically and verbally abused your daughter, who is now missing? No - Where is your daughter? I don't know where she is. My best guess right now is she is with that... fucking little pervert who works in the off-licence at the end of the road - She's not with him. Where is he? Robbie's in custody. Right. Have you asked him where my daughter is? Have you? Yes. What has he said? He says he called over to the house last night. And you believe him and don't believe me? You believe a convicted child killer above the girl's father? Is that what you're telling me? Why would I believe a word that comes out of your mouth? Why would you believe a word out of the mouth of a convicted child killer?! Why? Answer me that. When are you going to start telling me the truth, Laurie? What have you done with your daughter? If you think I am the sort of person who could do anything to my daughter other than love her and care for her, you are out of your mind. I swear to God, on my mother's grave, I don't know where my daughter is. Why are you stonewalling me? Mmm? Why are you not answering my questions? I've nothing to say to you! I don't know what happened! I'm trying to find your daughter and you're giving me nothing! OK? I'm trying to find my daughter too. I'm sorry... I'm very stressed. I'm upset. I don't know where my daughter is! He's my friend. Really? Yeah. What kind of friendship is it? What do you mean? Well, I know what I would call a friendship and I'm just wondering if you have the same criteria. We hang out. Like... Look, he's never come to my flat. The only time I've ever been to his house was when he called me and said he was in trouble. I know that - Where do you hang out? He comes to the shop sometimes or... we go to the park... What do you do at the park? We've got this erm... sort of den we just hang out in. Where is this den, Robbie? Kenville Park. There's a low fence... by a bike rack and there's kind of bushes behind it. Woodies! What are you guys doing? Giving each other a reach around? I called you five minutes ago, come on! OK, listen up. This is the north end of Kenville Park where Robbie Hyland has identified where he and Toby kept their den. Torches on. Charlie, I want you to take two guys, let's check access areas around here. Roger, Mark, you come with me. Zach, Ben, come with me through here. Torches on, let's find it as quickly as possible, please. Ben. Ben, put the dog... over in that corner. Zach, with me. Right, there's got to be a gate into this bit... I've found something! What have you got? It's a shoe. Fuck. Charlie? Can you get them to keep searching? Yeah, sure. Boss? Hi. It's me. No sign of Hope but we found her shoe. We've obviously found the den, there's a trail leading from the den all the way through the park to West Willow Road. It goes dead there. OK. I'll get CCTV for that point and the whole surrounding area. Someone's moved her. OK. Timing? Soon as possible. Standby, Jack. OK. Thanks. OK. Bye. She's going to get the CCTV. Try and figure out where it goes after that. Shit - OK. Boss? CCTV shows Fiona O'Sullivan's car pulling up at the park. She gets out, exits into the park for five minutes. She comes back with a box, Jack. How big is the box? I don't know how fucking big the box is. I don't know, big enough to have a kid in it, I guess. I've got a live cell site on her phone. She's heading towards the church, OK? St Swithun's. OK, we're on our way. What did she say? What did she say? I'll tell you in the car. Check down there maybe? Can we get someone to check up there? Jack? Fiona. - Fiona, what's in the box? - I'm not leaving you here... I'm arresting you on suspicion of murder. You do not have to say anything though it may harm your defence if you do not mention when questioned something you later... I'll come with you... anything you do say may be given in evidence. Do you understand? I understand. Just leave it there for the SOCOs. Quick, give us one of those. You don't smoke any more - Please, can I have one of those? How are you doing? Been better. Listen, let's - Let's interview Fiona tomorrow, OK? I want you guys to go home and then come back tomorrow with a fresh head, yeah? The body's been sent to the coroner and the blankets and the box are with forensics. I'm happy to take Rachel and Laurie down to ID the child. Thanks, Charlie. That's... That's a hard gig. Keep me posted on forensics. Jack, let's go talk to Grandma. Fiona Sullivan, you are under arrest. This is your interview. It was an accident. It was an accident. It really was. I just had to get her away from... Laurie. I know... the consequences. I... I will... pay for that forever. And in the next place. I have a spare key. I let myself in. I smashed the... window next to the door. Went downstairs. Toby was... asleep and Hope was fussing so I... I... I just - I covered her with a woollen blanket and... I made her a little... bed in the boot of the car and I put her in it. And she seemed to have stopped crying. I didn't know that she'd stopped breathing. I...must have just covered her up too tight. I must have... just... It just was an accident. She... She was such a beautiful girl. Let's - Let's... She was so beautiful. Let me get you... a glass of water. Boss, can you... Bullshit? What do you think? I mean, she's a grandmother. You don't just smother a kid by accident. Yeah, and you don't put your granddaughter to sleep in the boot of the car. I don't buy it. Boss? Yeah? FME report on Hope. What does it say? Smothered? Yeah. OK, so she... had fibres in her mouth which were synthetic - from a synthetic blanket, not a woollen blanket. She definitely said woollen. There were a whole bunch of blankets at Laurie's house but it'll be in the file what they were. Shit. Of course. Toby told Robbie something bad had happened to Hope. Exactly, Jack. I think Grandma's lying. Rachel. Hi. This must be so difficult for you. There is no easy way for me to say this. But... it may be that Toby is responsible for Hope's death. Well... no. That's ridiculous. How could he be? He's not. He's not. We need to talk... to Toby. We can't do that without an appropriate adult. Rachel... this is as horrible as life can get. The one thing I need you to do right now... is to focus on the truth. Toby. Where's Toby... Toby. Listen. They're going to ask you some questions now and you need to tell them what happened. Whatever it is that happened... it's OK, all right? I love you. And that won't change. So we need to just tell them the truth. Do you think that's OK? Thing is, Toby... I think I know what happened. I've been talking to your grandma. And I've got a funny feeling that she's trying to cover up for somebody. I think she's trying to look after someone, Toby. Is that right? You've got your mum with you now. You can actually talk to me now, Toby. Nan came round. And Dad got angry. So I thought... if me and Hope were hiding then... ..I could protect her. I just wanted to keep her safe. I didn't want him to hit her. Not how he hits me. But then... she started to cry and I thought if he saw us then... it'd be worse so... ..I put the covers over her face. I didn't mean to hurt her. I smashed the window to make it look like someone's broken in. Toby, what did you do with Hope? I took her out to the park. I tried to put her somewhere where she was safe. I just don't know how they slipped through the system, to be honest. It's so sad. Charlie, can you come in here for a second? Sure. OK... Way forward at this point, Charlie, as erm... Here, have a seat. Way forward is... going to be tough from now on because we've got a 12-year-old boy who's confessed he's killed his sister, it was an accident. I don't reckon the CPS will press charges. 'I just wanted to keep her safe. I didn't want him to hit her. Not how he hits me. But then... she started to cry and... I thought if he saw us then... it'd be worse so... ..I put the covers over her face. I didn't mean to hurt her.' Do you have anything to say? No. Good. Laurie Wilkins, I'm arresting you for actual bodily harm of your 12-year-old son Toby. You do not have to say anything, though it may harm your defence if you fail to mention when questioned something you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be used in evidence. You understand? Shit. Is she breathing? Toxicology report. Great. She ingested PMA, which is an ecstasy substitute. She's my best mate. We... We go to uni together. Where did Ziggy get the drugs from that you two took? I don't know. Erm... Maybe... I don't know, maybe someone off campus. Sarge. Bad news. Uniform found this guy dead in an alleyway. His name is Tom Yeoman and he's only 19. Our thoughts are of course with Tom Yeoman's family. We are appealing to any witnesses to come forward in the case with any information, as we do need to get this drug off the streets of East London. Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells http://UKsubtitles.ru. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 