Chicago Justice: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Chicago Justice 
 s1e4 - Judge Not - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Chicago Justice (2017): Season 1, Episode 4 - Judge Not - full transcript 
 When a prominent judge is shot and killed while leaving a bar with Valdez, her integrity is called into question and Stone prohibits her from working the case. But the team learns the ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Is misrepresenting the chain of events. When the officers entered the premises... they kicked in my client's door without a warrant. Is that true? The officers heard a toilet flushing. Luis has a weak bladder. The police didn't need a warrant, your honor. There were clearly exigent circumstances. Yeah, that's right, for Luis. He downed a six-pack, judge. Under the fourth amendment, that search was illegal. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It was clear to the officers that the defendant was destroying his stash. They have X-ray vision, do they? Move to exclude, your honor. Done. Next. Exigent circumstances. Very nice. Not nice enough. Hey, you took a shot. I respect that. Ms. valdez, approach the bench, if you don't mind. 8:00? Okay, enough already. I'll talk to her this week. How many times have I heard that? This time I mean it. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Where'd you park? I'll walk you. I'm fine. I'm just around the corner. - Night, then. - Goodnight. Drive safe. Ray? Ray? Help! My god! My... Help! Somebody help! Yes, I need an ambulance. 2424 rush street. Stay with me, ray. Just keep breathing. Come on, ray, just stay with me. Anna, I know it's hard, but if you can remember anything else... Anything you heard, anything you saw. Did you see anyone else in the street? I... I wasn't really looking. I got to my car, I heard the shots, I saw a motorcycle... I heard four gunshots. I definitely... - Heard four gunshots. - Yeah. Can I get you something? You sit tight. I'll be right back. Sit tight. Officer. How's she doing? It's a tough thing to see. - Want me to take her home? - No, I'll do it. Pd found the shell casings. The shooter used a .32 close range. Feels like a hit. Kinzie sat on the bench for 15 years. Probably put away over 500 bad guys. That's 500 motives. I'll see if any of them got out recently. Canvass the area. Maybe somebody saw something. Hey, I'm gonna take you home. - How is he? - Anna... I'm sorry. Come on. Come on. The orange sticker on the windscreen of the motorcycle. As he drove toward me, I didn't see the actual shooting. And the guy on the bike... Was wearing a full helmet with a face shield. There's got to be surveillance footage from the credit union down the street. I'll call their security team and we can... The shooter had to have passed it. I said no, Anna. What were you doing at Sheridan's? I was there having a drink, just like everyone else. With judge kinzie? I was there alone. He came in. I lost the Diaz motion in front of him that afternoon. He came over to say no hard feelings. That's it? Who was he with? I didn't notice. And yet you left the bar together. I left the bar, walked to my car, and heard the gunshots. Four of them. Maybe you should take a couple of days. No, I'm okay. I should get back to work. Do they still teach about the Chinese wall in law school? No way, Peter. No! You're not excluding me from this investigation! The appearance of impropriety alone could be a problem later. If I were you, I would go home and rest for a couple of days. Then there are plenty of other cases on your desk. I spoke with the mayor. "This rocks the foundation of civilization," he says. Five kids are killed over the weekend, crickets. Those kids weren't at his daughter's wedding. Man. Man. Man. Every year ray and I went ice fishing. Shabbona lake, president's day weekend. Been doing it since I was a rookie on the force, and he was fresh out of law school. I'm sorry, mark. He could be her damn father. Anna said they just happened to leave the bar at the same time. - And you believe her? - I do. Stone. Good. Okay. Cpd arrested a guy trying to rob a liquor store. Ballistics says he was using the same gun that killed kinzie. He was on video at a soup kitchen at the time of the shooting. You know, every new year's Eve, Raymond and I would toast each other. And he would say, "this is it:". My last year on the bench." He could be a counsel at a downtown firm. Have a big office, take clients to lunch or teach. That's what he really wanted to do. We're very sorry, Mrs. kinzie. I apologize. Um, can I get you something? People brought so much food. I think I have six kinds of cake. - Coffee. - We're... we're fine, but if you could just tell us... Where I was when ray died. I'm a suspect, aren't I? No, of course not. We were just wondering if your husband happened to mention who he was meeting at the bar that night. No, I thought he was... After a long week, he liked to have a quiet drink before he fought the traffic. Did he mention any threats? Anyone that might want to hurt him? We decided a long time ago ray would never bring his work home with him. This your daughter? Caitlin, our foster daughter, yes. We're talking about adopting her. Can we talk to her? She's actually not really feeling very well. This whole thing has... I'm sure, but you never know. Caitlin might not even know that she knows something. She, um, took my car and went shopping. - The Mercedes? - Yes. I saw a Mercedes parked in your garage when we came in. She must've come home. You didn't notice? We're worried that someone might try to hurt Caitlin or you, Mrs. kinzie. If the killer comes back... I haven't seen her since ray was... where is she, Mrs. kinzie? She's run away before, but she always comes back in a day or two. She and ray were fighting a lot recently. What about? I don't know. She's a teenager. Can we see Caitlin's room? No phone, no laptop... There's lots of metal. Hell hath no fury like a teenage girl. My daughter and I went from best friends to mortal enemies overnight. Nothing can prepare you for the wrath of your spawn. Nope. She got a thing for birds. - Lex talionis? - It's Latin. Means "eye for an eye." I'm impressed. Head altar boy at St. John's. Free wine and incense. What's not to like? Looks like Caitlin was a regular at cafe jumping bean. Maybe the barista knows who she hangs out with. May-December? It's my bread and butter. That's why they call this the Viagra triangle. All right. Yeah, sure. I think I seen her, but the under-30s, they all start to look the same. What about this guy? Now him... Him I recognize, yeah. Yeah, he was with the honey. How often? Couple three times. He's the one shot outside, right? What can you tell me about them? He was grey goose; She was Miller lite. The other night, did they come in together? No, she was at the bar alone. I remember because she ordered the fried calamari and then didn't touch it. Then he turns up maybe ten minutes later and digs in. You didn't happen to hear what they were talking about, did you? When he sat down, she says right away, "did you tell her yet?" Something like that. Have you seen this girl? I got her. Caitlin, stop! What the hell?! Bitch bit me. Lex talionis, baby. - Yeah. - Should've bit her back. Friday night, I got my tattoo at the ink tank on belmont. Is that a crime now? - It is if you're under 18. - Barbara signed for me. We both know that's crap, Caitlin. Get away from me! And you got "an eye for an eye" because you're a fan of Gandhi? Yeah, this is America. I live with a judge, remember? I know my rights. We asked if you wanted a lawyer. You said no. Yeah, but I'm a minor. And we have a subpoena. If you're gonna go all constitutional on us, for resisting arrest, assaulting a police officer, and obstructing an investigation. Why don't you just suck my ass? Wow. No wonder you haven't been adopted. Okay. Mrs. kinzie said you were fighting with the judge. What about? I said he was a douche. He disagreed. Maybe we can be more specific. The dude monitored my phone like I was 12. He inspected my outfit like he was the frickin' fashion police. That's what a father... he's not my father! He didn't care about me. I was just his rent-a-kid to ease his rich suburban guilt. Did he hurt you? - Because if he did... - No. Gross. Are we done here? Not even close. Give me a minute with her. Watch out. She bites. I'm Asa valdez. Yeah? Your mommy coming to pick you up after work? I know yours was doing life until she was shanked in the shower. Yeah. Well, it's tough being a crack whore. The kinzies took you in. They cleaned you up, gave you a home. Like I said, guilt makes people do all k... still, you took a bat to the windows of his car. He could've had you arrested, but he didn't. Why is that, Caitlin? You're Anna valdez. He said I could be just like you. I don't think you killed him, Caitlin, but I got to tell you, things are not looking good for you right now. Like I care. You care a lot. I know you do. Judge kinzie showed me the birthday card you gave him. You wrote, "thank you for saving my life." The kinzies were the best thing that ever happened to you. If you were gonna kill him, why'd you break his car windows first? That only points all fingers at you. I know you're smarter than that. Ray told me about your boyfriend's death. Tell me about Orlando. My god. You were screwing him. - Can I speak with you? - Did you kill him? Now! Sit down! - Look who just got bit. - Yeah. - I thought I could help. - I don't want to hear it. I told you to stay away from this case. - You're wasting your time. - Go home. Caitlin didn't kill kinzie. She did seem to know a lot about the girl. If they were, a competent defense attorney will discredit anything we learn from her. - And if they weren't? - She's still a witness. If she's involved as part of the prosecution team, her testimony will be tainted. Right. Looks like we have to start digging through Caitlin's foster care files. - Good luck. - Heh. Damn, this girl had a rough life. Kinzie must've been a Saint. And father Jack calahan agrees. And I quote, "there are no better foster candidates" than the kinzies." Everybody loves this guy. Maybe that's his blessing and his curse. Good-looking guy like kinzie, hanging out in a bar on a Friday night... If he were my husband, I might be jealous. And you'd hire somebody to whack him? It's easier than divorce. Tell me about it. Listen to this. "I heard Raymond kinzie wants to be a foster parent. "He's an awful judge and an awful man "who hates women and protects rapists. "Not only should he be off the bench, "he should be off the planet. If you don't stop this, I will." - Signed? - "A gravely concerned citizen." Now that's some anal-retentive penmanship. I mean, who the hell even writes a letter these days? Someone whose rapist is being protected by judge kinzie? In his 15 years on the bench, kinzie tried 47 rapes. Maybe we can narrow it down with this. Nagel confirmed Caitlin's alibi. I figured as much. Why don't you just ask me? Ask you what? Ask me, or I'm walking out that door. - Were you sleeping with him? - That's none of your business. - Then say no. - I shouldn't have to. There are... Ethics rules. Do you think I'd do anything unethical? Who were you referring to when you asked kinzie if he had told her yet? You're amazing. Look, I understand why you're protecting judge kinzie's memory. You're very smart, Peter. Probably the smartest person I know, but you're way off base on this. Dinner was a nice touch, though. All it took was a little tlc... Thin-layer chromatography. - Funny? - Yeah. A riot. Your letter was written on limited-edition stationary made by the berwyn press in Oregon. Limited as in it wasn't sold in that many stores? One in Chicago, to be precise. - You're kidding. - I had some free time while you were drinking coffee downstairs, Stationary store near central Chicago u. Do you mind? Okay, let's see. Kinzie tried three rape cases involving women at cc... Ex-boyfriend charged, blah blah... Sentenced to 20 years. The second case was dismissed after the victim recanted her testimony. And finally... Seven years ago, Stan kendricks, a member of the varsity tennis team, raped a freshman, Zoe Butler. 18 years old. Bench trial. Served five months. I'd think about killing over that. I didn't think I could ever forget what happened. I kept replaying it in my head, and then one day, I was like, "screw this." I'm not gonna let him take my power away." So I started coming to these meetings. And I felt better right away. Damn. Gimme a minute. It was nice to know I wasn't the only one. Hey. - How you been? - Good. Didn't recognize you out of uniform. I didn't know... It happened before the job. I still come to these things. I don't know why. We're looking for Zoe Butler. Her neighbor said she hangs at this church. If it's your first time, you're safe. Right there. Red sweatshirt. And we're really glad you're here. - Zoe Butler? - Yes? - You have a minute? - Do I know you? We're from the state's attorney's office. This is about judge kinzie, right? It is. Well, I can't say I'm upset that he's dead, We'd love to take your word for it, but... Friday night I was here, okay? Lots of witnesses. Look, if I was going to kill someone, it'd be Stan. The guy who raped you? That's right. Unfortunately, he left the country, and I'm not about to spend a nickel chasing that prick down. So are you going to arrest me, or can I get a piece of babka? Help yourself. She seems to have moved on. I wonder if kinzie's death helped. Hey. Zoe's, elimination prints in her rape file... They matched the ones on the bullets. Look, I have 30 women who will testify that I was at a meeting when kinzie was shot. And we have bullets with your prints on them. So we toss a century of forensic science? Science, right. After Stan raped me, there were doctors and psychiatrists and social workers, and they all said I imagined the whole thing. The system screwed up in your case, Zoe. It happens, but from where we're sitting, if anyone had motive, it's you. Five months for rape? The good judge knocked it down to criminal sexual abuse. Sentenced him to a year. He was released in five months. You must've been furious. I don't know why you'd possibly say that. I just went to party, had too much to drink, asked a friend to walk me home, and blacked out. Next thing I know, I woke up in the grass in Lincoln park with his penis in my mouth and him humping my face. He left me there with his semen all over my neck. Then the great kinzie... He looks down from the bench at the rest of us mere mortals and says, "Zoe, I'm gonna rape you again." And that's why you killed him. Screw you. I've spent the last seven years trying to put this behind me, but it seems that rape is the gift that keeps on giving. Lucky me. Sorry. Traffic. What's the big secret? No secret. I just thought you should know that we arrested a suspect. Hey, where's it written that I can't have a drink with a girlfriend? So who killed ray? A woman named Zoe Butler. I know who Zoe is. If everyone has a cross to bear, she was Ray's. Did she harass him? Threaten him? Not Zoe per se, but the case... Or rather, how he decided it. Kinzie really messed up. He never read what the papers said about his decisions, but the Zoe Butler case was different. For some reason, he couldn't shake that case. We all pick at scabs. It was horrible what they wrote about him... Some vicious articles. How many ways can you say sexist pig? I'll show you. May I? Yeah. That's familiar. I know that handwriting. - Who's she? - I have no idea. It would really help if you could ID this woman. I'm not gonna testify. Hey. This is between us. It's important, Anita. This woman threatened judge kinzie's life. Torrent downloaded from RARBG. She's a rape victim advocate. Her name's Wendy hoult. You're darn right I wrote it. How did you know kinzie was applying to be a foster parent? I know plenty of people in children and family services. They how I think the judicial system is rigged. The whole system? Or just the system in the Zoe Butler case? You see? It wasn't the Zoe Butler case. It was the Stan kendricks case. Zoe was the victim. But to answer your question, the entire system is rigged. Where were you last Friday? In St. Louis at a conference. I just got home this morning, as a matter of fact. So... Two investigators show up asking about a seven-year-old rape. What am I missing? - Judge kinzie was murdered. - What? My god. I didn't think he meant it. - Who? - Jon Hoffman, Zoe Butler's husband... Ex-husband. He stopped by last Thursday saying, there was no justice in the world and this was all judge kinzie's fault, and... He said kinzie would pay for what he did. Did he say how kinzie would pay? He said he deserved to be dead. I thought he was just ranting like he always does. Thank you. Friday night? I was here, watching TV. What'd you watch? I don't remember. Whatever was on. Did I do something? We're here about your ex. Zoe? - Is she okay? - Actually, she's been arrested. For killing judge kinzie. - Wha... who? - Come on. The judge who presided over her rape case. Her prints were on bullets in the murder weapon. No way. She hated guns. I bought her one; We went to the shooting range once. She said never again. She left it here when we split up. Great. Can we see it? No. They stole the gun, bunch of other stuff. I filed a report with the cops. They told me not to get my hopes up. Look, that's why her prints are on the bullets. There's no way she would've killed anyone. That's what we figured. Those are nice goggles. What kind of bike you ride? Those are my brother's. Well, you mind if I take a look at his bike? I'm thinking about getting one. I really have to get back to work. That wasn't a request. Sweet. I told my brother he could store it here while he's in Iraq. He's in the army. Be sure to thank him for his service. Yeah, I will. Right. Turn around. Face the wall. - What for? - Just do it, please. Jon Hoffman, you're under arrest for the murder of judge Raymond kinzie. I'm... I'm just lost as to why a man would kill the judge who wronged his ex seven years ago. But just reading all the witness statements you sent me, I would say that revenge is a pretty good place to start. But they weren't together when she was attacked. As society, we tend to focus on the trauma of the survivor. But what we're learning is that the tentacles of rape spread far and wide. The extraordinarily violent and violating nature of the act creates this ripple effect that touches anyone who has had any relationship with the survivor. Family members, friends, coworkers. Ex-husbands? Why not? You know, Jon hears that Zoe got raped. Well, one response to feeling helpless is to lash out at the source of those feelings. So he went after the guy who set him free: Judge kinzie. Why now? Why not now? We all have our triggers. Right? I mean... He could've found a pair of Zoe's socks in the back of a drawer. He could've seen her crossing the street. You know, the nature of triggers is just so random. They come out of nowhere. I mean, who knows what might've set him off? I haven't spoken to Jon in three years, since our divorce. Did he divorce you? No. I left him. Tell me about the marriage. When I first met Jon, he was wonderful. For the first time in a long time, I actually felt safe. Since you were raped? Did you tell Jon about the rape before you were married? No, I was ashamed, but when I did tell him about what Stan kendricks did to me, he changed. He put triple locks on all the doors. He insisted on driving me to work every day and picking me up. He bought me a gun and wanted me to carry it in my purse. - Did you? - No. I hid it in my closet. I show you what's been marked as people's exhibit 12. Is this the gun that Jon bought for you? It looks like it. I don't really know. You didn't like that Jon was trying to keep you safe? I'd wake up in the middle of the night, and he was sitting in a chair, staring at me. I went to lunch with people from work, and I saw him outside. He was obsessed. When you moved out, did you take the gun? No. I had forgotten about it by then. Last question. Why did you divorce Jon? He only saw me as a victim. He never saw me as a survivor. When you were first brought in for questioning, did you tell the investigators that Jon had bought you this gun? But did you tell them that Jon owned a gun? - No. - Why not? I don't know. I didn't think about it. But when Mr. stone asked you why you were divorced, one of the reasons you gave was this gun. Wait a minute, did you even tell the investigators you had been married? No. All due respect, Ms. Butler, but that's a little weird, don't you think? I mean, they were accusing you of murdering judge kinzie, and you forgot to tell them that your overly protective ex owned a gun just like the murder weapon? Talking about Jon is painful. Because he tried his best to love and protect you? Because everything he did... It was like... He made me re-live the rape every day. Which, let's face it, gave you a huge motive to want judge kinzie dead. - Objection. - Sustained. I was at my car. - Outside of Sheridan's bar? - Yes. - How many drinks did you have? - Two. And you would say you were inebriated? - No. - Tell the court what happened then. I heard four gunshots when I got to my car. I turned around and saw a motorcycle speeding toward me. Was there anything in particular you noticed about the motorcycle? I saw an orange flash on the front windscreen... A sticker of some sort. In your time at cook county state's attorney's office, Yes, I have been your second chair on several trials. Could you see judge kinzie's face when he was on the ground? No. Then how'd you know it was him? We left Sheridan's at the same time. Was that a coincidence, Ms. valdez? No. Tell us about it, why don't you? We had drinks together. Was this the first time? No. May we approach, your honor? In light of the people's failure to disclose the romantic relationship between this witness and the victim, I move to exclude all of her testimony. First of all, we know of no romantic relationship. I'm ready to put the bartender from Sheridan's on the stand. I'm sure she told you exactly what she told me. Which is? The first thing the witness said to judge kinzie was, and I quote, "did you tell her yet?" You don't have to be married to know what that means. The jury can consider this evidence. Thank you, your honor. Don't thank me yet, Mr. stone. You can expect an instruction so harsh that the jury will disregard Ms. valdez's testimony on their own. Valdez. Send her up. Thank you for seeing me. My friend told me what happened in court today. I want to apologize if I caused you... I'm fine. It never ends. I'm so sorry you have to go through this again. Everyone thinks I should hate judge kinzie. But the truth is, Stan kendricks getting such a short sentence... It was my fault. No, it wasn't, Zoe. I met with the probation officer prior to sentencing. She asked me what I wanted. After living through the nightmare and re-living it in the courtroom, I still... I know this sounds weird, but I still felt sorry for Stan. It's crazy, but I felt like... I was going to ruin Stan's whole life because he made one stupid mistake. That went into the p.O.'S report. Judge kinzie just did what I asked. Wow. I know. I am stupid. After lots of therapy, I realized just how stupid. I should've paid for that, not judge kinzie. You are not responsible for what Jon did. I've taken enough of your time. I should be the happiest girl on the planet... Starting a new chapter in my life with my fiancé. I didn't want Blake to get dragged into this mess. I mean, he knows, but... Off the record? Yeah, come in. I probably lost the case anyway. I don't know if I ever said it, but I am sorry about kinzie. This is exactly what ray dreaded most... A case in which the law gets in the way of justice. Like a five-month sentence for a rape? He was just following the probation officer's presentencing report. Martha Stewart served more time. And Teddy Kennedy never served a day. Touché. If I learned one thing from Zoe, it's to focus on the future. After all this, she's getting married. Good luck in court tomorrow. Thank you. Can I ask? Something Dr. Charles told me. Mr. stone. I'd like you to meet Blake, my fiancé. It's nice to meet you. It's very kind of you to come out and support Zoe. I love her. It's the least I could do. When are you getting married? This summer. And it's a big wedding? All our friends will be there. How could you bring him here? Sit down, Jon. I moved on, Jon. You moved on. - Kendricks moved on. - Jon... - Everybody moved on! - Jon! Stop it. Everybody moved on but me! Is that why you killed the judge? You're damn right it is! We should talk. It's over, Jon. How did that happen? Zoe announced her engagement on Facebook a few days before Jon killed judge kinzie. That's what triggered him. I can't believe he agreed to 30 years. A courtroom full of people heard him confess. Let me ask you this. If I told you I wasn't sleeping with ray, would you have believed me? I don't know. Maybe skepticism is some sort of evolutionary shield that helps the species survive. The truth is, if I flat-out said there's no way I would ever sleep with ray, it wouldn't have changed your investigation one bit. We are all endowed by our creator with unalienable rights. I recall reading that in some old document. Is the right to be respected by your fellow man. If my relationship with ray, whatever it was, would've helped you catch or convict his killer, I would've told you. But because I knew it didn't, I figured I'd rely on... Another right referenced in that dusty old document. Privacy. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 