Altered Carbon: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Altered Carbon 
 s1e2 - Fallen Angel - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Altered Carbon (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Fallen Angel - full transcript 
 While Kovacs tracks down a man who sent Bancroft a death threat, Lt. Ortega bends the rules to keep tabs on his whereabouts. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Just let yourself in anytime you want. You don't have any food in here. No one will respect a skinny girl cop. I'm not going to let you get killed because you wouldn't eat an enchilada. Look at this mess. When are you going to unpack? I'm busy, that's all. Too busy to put away your underwear? I like it like this. You're waiting for someone to come and help you unpack, ...and it's not your mother. You know, you could always move to someplace that's really - yours. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Ana Luisa from the cleaners, she told me there's a whole block of new places near the Tenderloin. No, no, Mama. This is my place. I'm staying. Yes, of course. What do I know? I'm just an old-fashioned woman. Out of touch. I've only got this life, and I'm not planning to have another one. Not this again. How am I supposed to explain this to your brothers and sisters? Everyone at church? To your father, God rest his soul? That you've renounced your religious coding. Like you said, Papa's dead. That should limit the explaining. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Sit down. We're going to eat. Without your coding, you can be spun back up after your body dies. It's wrong. You can't take your communion. Father Huerta can't hear your confession. When Papa died, and we couldn't ask him what happened or how it happened-- Your father was a devout man. He would have never wanted to be spun back up. I know. But if it were me? What would you do, Mama? Okay. I'll tell you, Kristin. My heart would break into a thousand pieces. It would shatter my world. I would cry enough to fill up the oceans of the world. And I still... wouldn't risk your soul. Now that the 653 stupidity is over, there won't be any more talk of spinning up the dead. Don't say swear words. I'm sorry. What is that, Kristin? I gotta go. I gotta go. Thank you. Are you supposed to have that at home? Thanks for dinner! I love you. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 