Nip/Tuck: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Nip/Tuck 
 s1e7 - Cliff Mantegna - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Nip/Tuck (2003–2010): Season 1, Episode 7 - Cliff Mantegna - full transcript 
 Christian's difficulties with Kimber are growing when his feelings for Julia are revealed. While Jude and Julia are studying Jude tells Julia about his dream of wanting to become a plastic surgeon. He is later hired as an intern only to cause more problems. Julia finds a half naked picture of Jude and decides to keep it for herself. Sean later finds the picture of Jude and fires him quickly after. Matt is caught mid-threesome by Julia, so Julia sits down with the other girls parents and secrets come out on what exactly is going on between the three. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Christian: need a ride? Woman: i don't ride for free, Honey... but maybe i'll make an exception For a pretty boy like you. * oh, start to go on with your bad self * Woman: ow! Ow! God...this car. Christian: what are you doing? A hooker wouldn't say that. Woman: i'm a model. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm not an actress. This is totally uncomfortable. Christian: everything is a drama With you. I'm trying to make this Relationship work. Woman: and i'm not? I'm the one with candle wax Burns on her ass. I'm the one standing out On the street corner With her tits hanging out. I bust my butt to fulfill every Sexual desire you have. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I want a little goddamn Appreciation. Christian: get in. * ahh * * make me beautiful * * make me A perfect soul, A perfect mind, A perfect face, A perfect life * Christian: mr. Mantegna, tell me What you don't like about Yourself. Mr. Mantegna: that would be My tits. I work out 6 times a week. I hit my pecs twice. Running, swimming, yoga. I do the zone delivery thing, But i still can't seem to shake These hairy mouthfuls. Christian: the gynecomastia Procedure you need to fix those Is extremely painful. You'd have to wear a bra-Like Apparatus for 6 to 8 weeks. Mr. Mantegna: what's 6 weeks After a lifetime of titty jokes And rejection? Christian: are you doing this Because you were rejected by a Woman? Mr. Mantegna: one woman? No. Try 30...in one night. This isn't about a particular Woman, dr. Troy. This is about my lifestyle. I'm a swinger. Problem is, swinging is like Anything else in life-- It's a class system... and i'm looking to move up. You know, get involved with a Higher class of people. I'm sick of banging fat german Chicks in front of their pasty Husbands. Christian: we've all been there. Mr. Mantegna: have you ever Heard of the scene? Christian: the scene... Mr. Mantegna: oh, it's the Greatest swingers party of all Time. We're talking supermodels, Actors, flawless talent. They started throwing it twice A month in l.A. Last year, And it was so popular that now They're starting one up in Miami. Dr. Troy, i have to get in. It's an event. The problem is that you have to Submit a full body shot to the Governing committee to get an Invite, and mine got bounced For undisclosed reasons. I bet a guy like you would have No trouble getting in. Christian: cheer up, Mr. Mantegna. When we're done with you, the Only tits you'll be feeling up Are gonna belong to hooters Girls. I'm not bothering with the Harvard application. Who needs those new england Winters when the university of Miami provides year-Round thong Bikinis just minutes from the Campus? Julia: i think i missed that Section of the brochure. God, this place is beautiful. How can you afford it on a Personal trainer's salary? Jude: you're kidding me, right? I make 200 bucks an hour From some of my clients. Voila! And now, le touche final. Julia: mmm. Jude: you like? Julia: mm-Hmm. Jude: good, because there's Something i wanted to ask you, And it's sort of a big deal For me, but i'll totally Understand if you said no. You know those moments in life Where everything just opens up-- Total clarity? Well, i had one of those moments Last time we were together At your house. I looked at you, looked at your Life...and realized something. I want to be a plastic surgeon. [Julia exhales sharply] But i can't do it without you. Miami has a special program that Fast-Tracks you into a plastic Surgery residency as soon as you Come out of school, But the catch is, they need a Year-Long internship with a Surgeon in order to get in. Julia: you want to work with my Husband? Jude: would that be a problem For you? Julia: uh, no. No, not at all. [Clears throat] I can ask. Uh, sean can be a little funny About the business, but, um, so, I can't guarantee anything. Jude: of course you can. Who could say no to you? I forgot something. The whipped cream. [Jude whisking cream] Jude: you like? Julia, high voice: oh...yeah. They're lovely. Um, so, are--Are you gonna do Some modeling? Uh, god knows you're Good-Looking enough. Jude: thank you, but... no, they're-- They're for something else. Linda: yeah? Sean: linda, can you void the Billing on this case? Linda: megan o'hara-- Which one's she? Sean: she backed out of a breast Reconstruction a few weeks ago. Linda: policy says i still have To bill her for pre-Op and lab Work anyway. Sean: i know what policy is. I wrote the policy. Just do it. Julia: what was that all about? Sean: is everything all right? Julia: yeah, everything's fine. I was just driving by rascal's, And i know how you've been Jonesing for a reuben for weeks. Sean: are you sure that's a Reuben? Smells more like a bribe to me. Julia: can't a woman just do Something nice for her husband? Sean: a woman can definitely do Something nice for her husband. You driving 20 minutes out of Your way to bring me lunch Sounds more like a woman who Wants her husband to do Something nice for her. Julia: all right... i need a favor. Sean: uh-Huh. Julia: i want you to take my Friend jude on as an intern. I know you're not fond of him. Sean: i never said i wasn't fond Of him. I'm just gonna have to ask Christian before we take anyone On. Julia: would you? I mean, all you have to let him Do is make lunch runs, Clean the o.R. Sean: actually, i've always Wanted to mentor someone. [Music playing] * beautiful crazy * Woman: hello, dr. Troy. Can i take your temperature? What? I thought you'd like it. Christian: i do. Woman: you don't. I spent $400 on this. I'm just trying to do what you Wanted and spice things up. Christian: here's the dilemma-- You think a jockey wants to come Home and see his girlfriend Dressed like a horse? I'm around nurses all day, Sweetheart. If i wanted to screw one of Them, i would have by now. You want to spice things up? Woman: what are we gonna do? Christian: we're gonna do what You do best, sweetheart. We're gonna take some pictures. [Both giggle] * beautiful crazy * Christian: really sexy. Woman: what's my motivation In these? Christian: to get us laid. Woman: hmm. Christian: you ever hear of Something called "the scene"? Woman: the sex party. One of the girls at the tampax Shoot was talking about it. But don't we have to sleep With other people to go to Something like that? Aren't i enough? Christian: you're plenty, baby. I'm just looking to put some Frosting on our cake. We don't have to do anything we Don't want to do. [Rap music playing] * i be gettin' that ass, And i be gettin' it fast, Get the oxygen mask 'cause We about to get high * Matt: oh! What the hell?! Julia: what the hell-- * get the freak on, Get the beat on, Get the place sizzlin' like Like somebody got the heat on, Get gone after gettin' it on * Matt: mom, this isn't a big Deal. Julia: having 3-Way sex in my House is a very big deal, matt. Matt: you guys are lucky that That was all i was doing. I know kids hooked on crank, Kids who are plotting to blow up The school. Julia: congratulations. You win the award for Least-Screwed-Up teenager. Matt: you guys are sending me Mixed messages! I mean, how can dad give me a Condom, and then expect me not To have sex in my own room? Julia: wait-- You gave him a condom? Sean: i just wanted him to be Safe. Julia: and you didn't discuss it With me? Sean: i didn't think we had to Discuss every conversation i Have with my own son. Julia: when it comes to his sex Life you do. Matt: yeah, and you wonder why I'm having threesomes when you Two are such a fine example of Traditional coupling. Julia: go to your room. And don't slam the door. Well...now i see how you can be So nonchalant about this. You've been encouraging it. Sean: all i've been encouraging, Julia, is a relationship with my Son. [Door slams] He's just started to trust me, To communicate with me. I don't want to throw all that Away over something as small As this. Julia: small?! A 16-Year-Old having a 3-Way Is about as big as it gets. Sean: this is the problem. You tell me you want me to be a More involved parent, and then Judge me for the choices i make. Julia: no one is judging you, Sean. I just need you to understand That the choices and the Attitudes that you have are Gonna have real implications In the lives of our kids. Sean: what--What are you doing? Julia: i'm calling those girls' Parents. We're all gonna sit down, and We're gonna have a conversation About this. Sean: a sexual intervention? [Scoffs] All that's gonna do Is humiliate him! Julia: you can't just be the Good guy, sean, handing out Prophylactics and slapping him On the back for his conquests. Welcome to the wonderful world Of parenting. Sean: part of me agrees with Julia. The other part is saying, "way To go, matt!" Christian: we all want more for Our children than we had. Sean: he never mentioned Anything about this to you, Did he? Christian: no. Of course not. [Pained breath] You all right? Sean: yeah. My neck seized up this morning. Must have slept funny. Christian: 20 milligrams of Vicodin and a blow job will Clear that right up. Hey, if drug abuse isn't your Thing, why don't you try a Chiropractor? Wasn't that patient we treated a Few weeks ago a back cracker? Sean: which one? Christian: sexy girls, Double mastectomy. You and she seemed to really Hit it off. [Pulse pounding] Sean: right. I think i remember her. Maybe i'll try and see her After work. Christian: hmm. Sean: shit, i forgot. Julia wants to have some kind of Family meeting with those girls' Parents tonight. Can you take the consult With schiraldi this afternoon? Christian: mm-Hmm. Sean: god, i wish i was single Sometimes. Christian: well, you know what They say-- For every beautiful woman, There's a guy who's tired of Screwing her. Christian: 4 millimeter cannula? Sean: 3. [Suction] Sean: you have any feelings About taking on a college Intern? Christian: what's she look like? Sean: he is a friend of julia's From school. Jude something. I could use the points. She's pissed that i'm not Outraged enough about matt's 3-Way. Christian: all right with me, Partner. I'd much rather have the kid Hanging around here all day than Sitting shirtless by your pool, Feeding your wife margaritas. Jude: hi, i'm jude. Woman: vivian schiraldi. Jude: you're not here to get Anything done, are you, vivian, 'Cause you certainly are The after picture. [Vivian chuckles] Vivian: i'm here to have My eyes looked at. Jude: this isn't an Optometrist's office. [Vivian chuckles] Vivian: the wrinkles around My eyes. I've tried the expensive creams. Nothing's working. Jude: it's barely noticeable. Really. Unless you're up close. Vivian: it's my post-Divorce Gift to myself. Jude: yeah. Vivian: what? Jude: you're a knockout. You really are. You really don't need Anything done. But since you're getting your Eyes done anyway, i think your Ears are a little off balance. A millimeter at the most. Balance takes off years. Christian: mrs. Schiraldi... I'm dr. Troy. Vivian: hello. Christian: if you'll just step Down the hall, my office is the First door on the left. Jude: jude sawyer. Dr. Mcnamara told me to come by. Christian: you worked her pretty Good. Got a thing for hot middle-Aged Moms? Jude: uh, only if they've got a Thing for me. Christian: you're here to Intern, right? Jude: uh-Huh. That was the plan. Yes. Christian: take it to the Biscayne wash on 15th. Talk to a guy named zook. Have it back by 3:00, And no eating in the ride. By the way... you were off about Mrs. Schiraldi's ears... by 2 millimeters. Sean: my partner actually Brought your name up this Morning when he saw my neck. I'd totally forgotten you were A chiropractor. Woman: well, you should thank Him--You're all out of whack. Something new going on at home? Sean: oh, let's see. My son's sex life belongs in A penthouse letter... and my wife seems to have turned On me because of it. Besides that, things--Ow! That's not where it hurts. Woman: everything's connected. You should know that, doctor. Injuries and tension aren't Caused by external events. They're caused by how we react To them. Sean: i'm really trying to be Open-Minded and flexible. Woman: being open-Minded isn't a Cure-All, sean. You can't just examine the Situation, decide what the Appropriate open-Minded response Is supposed to be, and then Follow through. Especially if that's not what Your heart is telling you is the Right thing to do. Your neck isn't spasming because You're inflexible. Your neck is spasming because You're not being honest with who You are. Sean: according to everyone In my life, who i am is A rigid prick. Woman: don't judge yourself. When you want water, a rock is Useless... but it's the best thing in the World when you want to keep Something important from flying Away. Sean: i'm a rock. Woman: now roll over and i'll Open that neck up. Sean: i, um... i just need a second. Woman: oh. Sean: i should go. I'm really sorry. Woman: sean, it's all right. It happens. Look, it was unprofessional of Me to start working on you Without talking about what Happened between us. I'm glad it happened. I'm not upset about it. We were both feeling lonely, And for that moment, coming Together made that feeling go Away. But now that moment is gone. It has to be gone. Sean: good. I'm glad. I was worried you thought it was More than it was. Can i see you again... on a professional basis? Woman: please. That swelling isn't going away On its own. [Both laugh nervously] Sean: yeah. Woman: look, try to be honest With your feelings until then... no matter what they are. Sean: would now be The appropriate time to Break out the cyanide kool-Aid? Julia: i really need your Support tonight, sean. Sean: you've got it. Man: can we start this thing Now? Julia: ok, everybody. Well, we all know why we're Here. Something a little disturbing Has happened, and i think we Should all talk about it so that We know it won't happen again. Agreed? Sean: this is gonna have to be A frank conversation. We have to remember that we're All adults. We've all had sex. Otherwise, none of you kids Would be here. We just need to remember to be Honest with our feelings, No matter what they are. Matt: well, what's the point in Talking when mom's already Decided that what we were doing Is wrong? Julia: it was wrong, matt. It had serious consequences That i don't think you've even Considered. Pregnancy, disease, Hurt feelings. You know, you kids, you think You're all grown up, but you're Not. Woman: i don't see what the big Deal is. I read this thing in people About 12-Year-Olds giving Blow-Jobs to their secret Santas. This stuff is just kids being Kids nowadays. Julia: i'm sorry, alexi. Stealing a 6-Pack is kids being Kids. This is much more than that. Sean: hold on a minute, julia. There was a documentary recently Where a man named marilyn manson Said that if he could say Anything to the kids of america, He wouldn't say a word. He'd listen. Matt, we obviously don't Understand why you kids did This. Why don't you try to explain it To us? Julia: i don't want An explanation. I want him to promise that it Won't happen again. Sean: an empty promise isn't Gonna get to the source of the Problem, if there is a problem At all. Matt: how can you even look at Yourselves in the mirror and Call what we were doing A problem? Dad spends one week at home, The next in a motel. Mom spends all of her time with Some guy who's barely older than Me. We were having sex, just like Every other teenager in the World... with a condom that dad gave me, So-- Man: well! Looks like we found The source of the problem. Julia: excuse me, but are you Blaming us for this? Woman: i'm sorry, but whose House did this happen in? Ours, lexi's, or this opium den? Girl: that's only because My mom's unemployed and you guys Took all the locks off vanessa's Doors. Alexi: trust me, honey. Being on alimony is not being Unemployed. Sean: whoa! Placing blame isn't Gonna get us anywhere. Julia is a good parent. We're all good parents. Man: good parents teach their Son how to keep his dick in his Pants and to be smart enough Not to try to cut it off. Girl: daddy! Sean: robert, you are out of Line. Robert: fine. I'm sorry. But to be honest, i don't care Whose fault this is. I would just rather not know Any more about my daughter's Sex life than i already do. She's assured us that this was A one-Time thing, and we're Satisfied with that. Julia: is this true, matt? Was it a one-Time thing? Matt: yeah. Pretty much. Sean: ridley, is this your Story as well? It's ok, honey. You can be honest here. No one's gonna get upset. Ridley: we've done it before. I'm sorry, vanessa. I tried. What dr. Mcnamara said is true. I have to be honest with my Feelings no matter what they Are. I'm not like you. I'm not a lezzie. Woman: what's a lezzie? Alexi: your daughter likes Vagina. Ridley: i really like you, Vanessa. I think you're cool and pretty And sexy and all, but i'm in Love with matt now. We've been seeing each other. Vanessa: that's not true. Deny it, matt. Deny it, matt. Vanessa: but i love you. Woman: i've had enough. Come on. Robert: open and honest enough For you? Julia: honestly, am i being too Uptight about this? Jude: for my tastes, yes. But i've always found threesomes To be very satisfying. Julia: you've had one? Jesus! Is there anyone under 30 Who still believes in monogamy? Jude: oh, there's a big Difference between monogamy and Fidelity, jules. Just look at it from matt's Perspective. Every guy wants a shove at 2 girls at once. You tell me you've never Fantasized about being with 2 men at the same time? Julia: what are you getting all Dolled up for, a hot date? Jude: you don't want to know. Julia: come on. Jude: no way. Not after how you Reacted to matt's little Menage. Julia: i'm not a prude. I just hold my kids to higher Standards. Jude: well, you know those-- The photos you saw the other Day. Julia: remind me again? Jude: the provocative ones? Well, they were audition shots For a party. Julia: what kind of party do you Have to audition for to get Into? Jude: a swingers party. Are you still feeling Open-Minded? Julia: no. I mean, yes! I'm just surprised. You take such good care of your Body. Aren't you worried about Diseases? Jude: we use protection. Julia: you're still sleeping With total strangers. They could be psychopaths. Jude: i knew i shouldn't have Said anything. I knew you'd get all uptight. Julia: no. I'm not uptight. I just don't get the attraction Of that lifestyle. Jude: then come with me. [Julia laughs] Julia: you're joking. I'm a married woman. Jude: you don't have to do Anything. Just come by, check it out. You'll find that that lifestyle Is much more attractive than You think. Julia: this is ridiculous. How can i be part of something Like that when i've just Grounded my son for doing Something half as sordid? Jude: julia... i'm no parent, But if you really want to Understand what's going on in Matt's life, you've got to get Into the real world. Threesomes, foursomes, Moresomes, they're like Starbucks, they're everywhere. Just look at it as a field trip For modern parenting. Christian: let's get a drink. Woman: let's go. Christian: what's the matter Now? Woman: what if somebody sees us Here? That neutrogena contract i'm up For has a morality clause, You know. Christian: are you kidding me? Look around. There hasn't been A party this hot since versace's '96 new year's eve bash. Being seen here is gonna do Nothing but help your career. Woman: first time? Thought so. Hi. I'm mia. I'm one of the host's of Tonight's party. Christian: thank you. Mia: let me show you around. As you can see, this isn't A rave. There's no aggressive behavior Allowed. Think of the scene as a sexual Buffet with the finest of Gourmet foods. You can eat all you want Or you can nibble. That's up to you. For your protection, each of the Rooms comes complete with An array of condoms. Woman: rooms? Mia: pleasure chambers. Orgy, voyeur, role-Play, Girl-On-Girl. Any questions, come see me. Enjoy. Christian: thanks. Woman: do you think these girls Are prettier than me? Christian: you are the hottest Piece of ass in this place, And you're mine. If i'm gonna do this one-Woman Thing, it can't be with just One woman. Whatever happens here, i'm with You, and you're with me. Woman: what do you want to do First? Woman: can she come out and Play? [Music playing] Sean: hmm. Matt: hey, dad. Sean: hey. Matt: you got a minute? Sean: what's up? Matt: nothing alarming. Don't worry. I just wanted to tell you, I appreciate what you did At the intervention thing. You had my back. Sean: you're my son, matt. I always have your back... even when you feel like I'm riding it. Matt: is mom coming home For dinner? Sean: she's studying with jude. [Sighs] Want to grab a bite? Matt: i can't. I got a date with ridley. Sean: is that the kind of man You're gonna be, matt? Matt: what's that supposed to Mean? Sean: when your mother got Pregnant with you, i didn't Care if you were a boy or a girl As long as you were healthy. After a few months, i didn't Even care if you were healthy Or not. You were mine...and i was gonna Love you no matter what. I never really cared if you Excelled in school or athletics Or what you decided to do with Your life. The only thing i ever wanted for You was that you be a good Person, not someone who would Hurt someone intentionally. Matt: i didn't mean to hurt her, Dad. I didn't. Sean: vanessa's gay, matt. It's not a choice. You dating her friend is. [Music playing] Christian: julia. Julia! Julia! Vivian: dr. Troy. Oh, my god. This is so embarrassing. I told you we'd run into someone I know. Jude: everything ok, dr. Troy? You look a little flush. Christian: i'm fine. I just thought you were Someone else. Vivian: really? Who? Jude: julia mcnamara. His partner's wife. You look a bit like her, Actually. Christian: no need to be Embarrassed, mrs. Schiraldi. My lips are sealed. Vivian: in that case, We're gonna hit the voyeur room. Want to come? Christian: maybe later. Vivian: ok. Woman: where'd you go? Christian: i needed some air. Woman: did you see? I did everything you asked me To. Christian: you were sexy, baby. Want to get out of here? Woman: i think we're gonna be Ok. Sean: she's at his place Studying almost every day. Now she's stashing pornographic Pictures of him in her school Books? Something's going on. Christian: burn it and stop Worrying. She's not sleeping with him. Sean: how can you be so sure? Christian: because you and Julia are both too honest To cheat. He's probably worn out his Welcome here, though, Don't you think? Sean: i can't fire him. She'd think i was doing it Because i was jealous. Christian: and she'd be right. I'll take the bullet for you On this one. The kid's bad news. He reminds me of me at that age. Linda: the extra Blood work you ordered on Cliff mantegna. You might want to check out Page 2. [Christian sighs] Mr. Mantegna: hepatitis c? Is that like aids? Christian: it's a virus. You were probably infected by One of your sexual partners. Mr. Mantegna: am i gonna die? Christian: the fatality rate is Very low, but the chances of Chronic infection are high. You're going to have to get Tested periodically for liver Disease. Mr. Mantegna: why didn't you Tell me this, you know, before My surgery? Christian: we usually don't run The full std panel on our Patients. The law says we have to work on You no matter what you have, But considering your lifestyle, I thought as a courtesy, I'd run it through free of Charge. I thought you could use it to Get into more parties. I wasn't anticipating this. You're going to have to inform Your future sexual partners. Mr. Mantegna: that i'm sick? What swingers group is gonna Want me after that? 2 months in this bra. All that money. This pain, and for what? So that i can try to find Some girl who doesn't care that I'm sick, and be monogamous? I can't do that. I can't. I can't just Go back to normal life. What am i gonna do? What am i gonna do? [Knock on door] Jude: you wanted to see me? Christian: yeah. Come in. Jude: some party, huh? Our mrs. Schiraldi, She's quite the hellcat. Christian: this is a business... not a pickup joint. Jude: you're right. It won't happen again. Christian: that's right. It won't, because i want you Out of here today. Jude: you're kidding me, right? Christian: and take some advice. Back off julia as well. Jude: who are you, her husband? Christian: her husband's Best friend and partner. Jude: very weird how upset you Were when you thought Mrs. Schiraldi Was julia at the party. It was as if i was there with Your wife. I've seen the way she talks About you. It could give someone the wrong Impression. Christian: just a guess, But i bet you won't be flashing Those pearly whites after i make A few calls and tell my pals at The university of miami That i fired you. Jude: you make that call, Dr. Troy, to the university. That way, it'll give me a lot of Free time to have a nice little Lunch with your partner and tell Him that you're in love with His wife. Christian: do it. Just make sure Your insurance is paid up. [Cracking] Woman: try moving it now. Sean: oh! Amazing. Woman: yeah. We're not all Quacks, no matter what the A.M.A. Says. Sean: my partner didn't have to Remind me that you're A chiropractor. I've never forgotten anything About you. Woman: sean, don't. Sean: you said i should be Honest with my feelings, No matter what they are. Woman: sometimes people can be Too honest. Sean: i can't stop thinking About you. Just tell me you don't feel the Same way, and you'll never see Me again. Woman: it doesn't matter how I feel. You're married, and i'm barely Divorced, and-- Sean: i think you're beautiful. Woman: well, that's my point. The way you look at me-- I don't think i can let myself Be that vulnerable with a man That i can't have. Sean: who says you can't have Me? [Paced breathing] [Doorbell rings] [Christian exhales] Julia: you asshole! Christian: nice to see you, Too, jules. Julia: how could you fire my Friend without talking to me About it first? This internship was very Important to him! Christian: if it was so Important to him, he shouldn't Have taken one of our clients To a swingers party. Maybe you should reconsider who You decide to be friends with. He could have really hurt Our business. Julia: bullshit, christian. This isn't about the business. This is about you and me. You can't stand the competition! Christian: don't flatter Yourself. This is about you playing demi Moore with some 25-Year-Old Punk kid with an overactive Libido. Julia: the one with the Overactive libido's A middle-Aged surgeon. Christian: i'm looking after My best friend's interests. You're my partner's wife. His well-Being is intimately Tied to mine. Julia: you fired him For revenge. Someone else is interested In me, and you can't stand it. Christian: please. I can have Anything i want any time i want It. Julia: you can't have me. Christian: can't i? Face the cold, hard facts, Julia. You're still pining away for me Like you have been for years. Your boy toy is me. Julia: 15 years younger Than you. Christian: poor man's version Of me. Have you kissed him yet? Julia: you couldn't handle it If i did. When you did, were you thinking Of me? Julia: you know what i was just Thinking about? Christian: what? Julia: jude. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 