Nip/Tuck: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Nip/Tuck 
 s1e4 - Sofia Lopez - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Nip/Tuck (2003–2010): Season 1, Episode 4 - Sofia Lopez - full transcript 
 Wallis Forsythe is a pornography mogul who meets Christian at a party and agrees to send some business his way. Merrill Bobolit is a hack surgeon who's more successful than Sean and Christian because of his willingness to take on any client. Both team up for Sean and Christian's practice for Forsythe's easy money and Bobolit's sleazy competition to inject a dose of conflict into Sean and Christian's partnership. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Ron: back again, dr. Troy? Christian troy: hello, ron. Ron: well, you love the car. Maybe it's time to make the Commitment, huh? Christian: the economy's In the toilet. How can you be asking a quarter Of a million for something Without a 2 bedroom half bath? Ron: well... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 well, i can tell you Or you could see for Yourself. Ron: well, what do you think? Should we head back to the Office and do the paperwork? Christian: maybe we could work Something out. Don't you have a girlfriend who Needs some work done? Ron: i did. But she had her d-Cups put in Last week by him. Sean mcnamara: tell me what you 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Don't like about yourself. Woman: my ass. Sean: you'd like liposuction? Woman: don't need it. I'm cellulite free. Sean: then The problem is... second woman: she has a nasty Hematoma on her right cheek. We need to have it removed. Christian: here you go. Second woman: thank you. Christian: pleasure. Woman: i thought i had a bruise. Second woman: a hematoma is a Bruise, sweetie. [Giggles] Christian: when we met the other Night, cheyenne, you mentioned This resulted from A work-Related injury? Woman: yeah, i slipped on A cheese dip near the craft Service table. Sean: so you make movies. Have i seen any of your work? Woman: maybe. Did you catch Carnal librarians 4? My favorite cucumber? Christian: ms. Forsythe's Production company does Pro women adult films-- Strong female leads, foreplay, Actual storytelling--Very classy Stuff. Ms. Forsythe: yes, and we start Shooting deflowering petal in About 6 weeks. She should be sufficiently Healed by then, correct? Sean: i'm sorry. We're actually booked solid for The next 2 months. Ms. Forsythe: 2 months. No, that's not what we Discussed. Sean: i'd be happy to-- Christian: since you have a Deadline, i'm sure that we can Rearrange our schedule a bit. How's next thursday sound? Ms. Forsythe: great. Sean: why did you do that? I thought we agreed to set new Standards here. Christian: no, we're living by Your standards. If i did that, we'd be out of Business. Sean: when word gets out that We're working with the star Of deflowering petal, we lose Potential patients. You know this business lives and Dies by word of mouth. Christian: maybe if we Advertised, we wouldn't have This problem. Bobolit has billboards all over Miami. Sean: boob-O-La? You're worried about the man who Was last in our class? He has to advertise. He's a hack. Christian: and every time we Turn people away, he's taking Our business. Sean: if we continue to do good Work, the clients will come. Christian: news flash, sean. We're in a recession. The first thing that people cut Back on is luxury items like Sports cars and plastic surgery. Sean: so picking up actresses At parties is gonna help us? Christian: so hiring grace is Gonna help us? So doing pro bono cases is gonna Help us? I'm so sick of you always Shooting me down. Stop being such a prude. Sean: i'm not a prude. Christian: yes, you are a prude. You're completely rattled Because that girl makes erotic Films. Sean: erotic films are when you Use a feather. Porn films are when you use The whole chicken. This girl's been through a lot Of chickens. Christian: you know what, sean? A tight ass might make money for Her, but not for us. We're taking this case. Sean: a prude? * make me Beautiful * * make me The perfect soul, The perfect mind, The perfect face, A perfect Lie * Julia mcnamara: mmm. Hmm. Mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm. [Alarm beeps] Oh. Sean: where are you going? Julia: first day of class. I don't wanna be late. [Sean sighs] Julia: mmm! Honey, i can't be late for my First day. Julia: oh! Sean: sorry. Julia: oh! [Coughs] Are you lost? Sean: i thought it might be fun To try something new. You know, so we don't feel like Old prudes. [Julia gasps] Oh, sean! Are you trying to sabotage me? You know how important today is For me. You know, my head is completely Somewhere else. Sean: i'm sorry. You're right. I'll go make the coffee. Man: it kinda sucks, doesn't it, Being the oldest person in here? I mean, look at me. I'm 26. I'm like an old man in front Of these kids. [Julia laughs] You're the oldest person in Here? Man: what, you see somebody Else? Uh-Oh. White, blue hair, 2 o'clock. Julia: iris? Iris: julia? Oh, my god! How are you? Julia: i'm fine. What are you doing here? Iris: this is my class. Julia: you're kidding! I thought i was gonna be The only person my age here. Oh, we gotta catch up. You wanna sit down? Iris: uh, oh, no. I'm here to teach the class. Julia: you're the teacher? Iris: actually, i'm really A doctor. I only adjunct here once A semester. The last i saw you was Graduation. I thought you applied to medical School. Julia: oh, yeah. But, uh, you know, i got married Instead. Uh, 2 kids, family, that whole Thing, you know? Iris: my husband and i have one In college already. Can you believe it? Listen, i'd love to get Together. Call my office, and we'll set up Some time. You look wonderful, julia. Man: you guys went to school Together? I thought she was your mother. Sean: good afternoon, ms.... sophia: uh, call me sophia. Is fixing a tracheal shave Painful? Sean: honestly? Yes. Sophia: i asked the original Doctor about the scar. He said there was-- Sean: i'm not concerned with What your original doctor said, Ms. Lopez. Nearly 20% of our work here is Cleaning up other people's Mistakes. I'd like to make my own Assessment, if you don't mind. Sophia: * ta-Da * Sean: you have some keloids that Have formed. We might have to remove Cartilage from your ear to Correct the contour deformity. Sophia: my ear? [Sighs] If that's what it takes to fix This, ok. Can we talk about cost? When i spoke to your partner on The phone, he said that your Office, especially you, Dr. Mcnamara, does free work Sometimes... on a case-By-Case basis. Sean: i'm afraid pro bono on This type of operation is out of The question. We only do that type of work on People who have suffered Accidents or birth defects. Sophia: being one gender on The inside and another on the Outside is a birth defect. You think i chose to look like This? Sean: having elective surgery For cosmetic reasons, regardless Of the outcome, is what I consider a choice, yes. Sophia: let's just be real, ok? Do you have a problem with me... that i'm a transgender Individual? Sean: no. Sophia: then why are you being So uptight? The truth is, doctor, i don't Care if you like me or if you Don't. All i care about is feeling Complete and not having Everybody look at me like i'm A freak--The way you did when i First walked in here. If i come up with the money, Will you do the operation? Christian: hey. Christmas has come early. Compliments of wallace in Appreciation of a job well done On cheyenne--20 of her top Selling dvds and an invitation To her silver jubilee. You can have the movies, My friend. I'm gonna snag the r.S.V.P. I'm gonna schmooze some coos and Land us an exclusive contract. Sean: ok, enough, christian. Enough with the porn stars and The transsexuals and the nonstop Libidinous assault. Christian: wallace might be a Touch handsome, sean. But i can assure you she's not a Transsexual. Sean: but sophia lopez is. Christian: who? Sean: the consult you purposely Set me up with an hour ago to Further prove your thesis that I'm an uptight prig. Christian: i didn't know that Consult was a transsexual, sean. She didn't give me that Information over the phone. But clearly she made you Feel uptight. Sean: i am not uptight! Christian: i'm sorry. I stand corrected. That said, How does it feel to be judged Unfairly which is a daily battle Waged by both wallace's girls, And i'm sure sophia lopez, To be put in a box that doesn't Define you? Sean: for your information, i Break out of that box all The time. In fact, just this morning... julia and i had unconventional Sex. Christian: is that so? How'd it go, killer? Sean: it didn't. I was clumsy and unconvincing, And she was... horrified. I was trying to spice things up. Julia and i haven't really been Connecting lately, and now that She's goin' back to school, i'm Afraid we're gonna become even More distant. How do you seduce women into Loosening up? Christian: well... it's about charm, sean, and Confidence. You wine, you dine, you romance. Julia needs that. She's clearly starved for it. Sean: how do you know that? Christian: every woman is. Julia: sean? Sean: in here. Julia: why are all the lights Turned off? Oh, uh... man: i thought i smelled cumin. Indian food, cool. Julia: um, jude, this is my Husband sean. Jude: sean, of course, The plastic surgeon. It's a pleasure to meet you. I've heard a lot about you. Sean: thank you. I've heard absolutely nothing About you. Julia: uh, jude and i are in Biology together. We have a--A--A test we were Gonna study for tonight. I thought you were working late. Sean: i was, but, uh, i... jude: you know what? Uh, we can do this tomorrow Before class. I should probably get out of Your hair. Julia: now wait, is that gonna Give us enough time to study? Jude: yeah. Julia: and i'm sure that It will. Ok, yeah. I'll give you a call. Sean: jude, wait. I'm not that hungry. You guys dig in, and get your Studying done. Julia: really? Julia: are you sure, hmm? Sean: positive. Julia: what's that? Sean: research. Nurse: she snuck something in Her room, underneath her gown. Sean: [sighs] Miss lopez, this is a sterile Environment. You're risking a bacterial Infection by bringing something Into this room. Either you hand over what you Have, or you find another Surgeon. Your choice. Sophia: that's my son raymond. Sean: i don't understand. Sophia: well, when a man And a women love each other, They have sex. And 9 months later-- Sean: you said you always knew You were a woman. Sophia: i'd admit that to The world back in the day. Amazing how far you go To live a lie, isn't it? Sean: does he know the truth About who you are? Sophia: he's the one person Who didn't judge me when I wanted to change. That's why i keep him close To me at all times. Do you have kids? Sean: 2. Sophia: it's a wonderful thing, Isn't it... to have something in this world That you love more than Yourself? Take away the picture And give me the gas. I understand. I'll be good. Sean: put this in a plastic Baggie and let her hold it If she wants. N[pegplaying in background] Matt: are they going to card me? Christian: heh! Tonight, You're "plus one." Matt: you know... just so you know, I'm thankful for the opportunity To, uh, you know, be your Wing man. [Both laugh] Christian: i'm here to work, Not to play, and you are here To learn a vital lesson. So what if your girlfriend Turned out to be a vegetarian. She's not the only tuna In the tank. Troy. Christian troy. Thank you. * peg, it will come back to you, Peg, it will come back to You... * Christian: shall we review The rules? Matt: no drinking, no drugs. Christian: good boy. Stay here. I'll be right back. Christian: merril. You look like a q-Tip. Merril bobolit: yeah, that's What i thought, but my personal Shopper talked me into it. She said it was retro. That dumb bitch gets the boot On monday. Christian: [laughs] Smooth operator that wallace. I take it she invited both of us So that we could put in Competitive bids... or are you still a party crasher Like you were in college? Merril: christian, i'm pleased To announce these days, i walk Through the front door. Christian: i guess the bouncers Around town take pity on those Hair plugs. [Merril laughs] Christian: or have you sunk To palming hundreds? Merril: actually, christian, Since my billboard went up, All the bouncers know me on A first-Name basis. Christian: is that right? Merril: fame is power, My friend. Free entry, comped drinks, The hottest available poon-Anny. I am living the life. How are you guys doing? Christian: great. Business is booming. Merril: is that right? That's not what i hear. Christian: has cheap fame made You omnipotent, merril? Merril: you can make fun all You want, slick, but because Of those billboards, my business Has tripled in the past month. I work 18-Hour days just To keep up. Christian: sounds exhausting. Merril: sounds like i need A partner. Christian: was that an offer, Merril? Merril: maybe you and i can Have lunch some time. Christian: that would be A consolatory meal, Because i'm going to kick your Ass and win this contract. Merril: you're a better surgeon Than me, christian, i'll give You that, but you're no longer A better salesman. Hello. Matt: i like the outfit. Girl: really? Thanks. You need to stand out in this Business if you're going To make it, you know? Have like a gimmick? That's why i'm always sucking On something. Oh, my god. That sounded awful. Are you in this business, too? Matt: i'm an agent. So, uh, i guess you want to be An actress. Girl: i'm trying to be. Wallace has a strict star System, though. She says you got to start at The bottom and work your way up. So right now, i'm a fluffer. Matt: so tell me, what exactly Does a fluffer of your caliber Do? Girl: give head to guys to keep Them hard and stuff in-Between Shots. Matt: cool. So, uh, fluffing all day-- That's got be a real turn-Off After a while, right? Girl: um... actually... it gets me really horny. That's why i have to keep Sucking on these. Oops. [Giggles] Matt: so what happens now? [Girl giggles] Grace: i tried to stop her from Packing, but there's just No reasoning with her. Sean: mrs. Koosman, where are You going? Mrs. Koosman: home. What kind of brothel are you Running here? Grace: she's got a point. Christian: look, ronnie, I want the car. I just signed a big contract. But you're going to have to work With me. It's still obscenely pricey. Let me call you back. Thanks. Sean: mrs. Koosman just stormed Out of here, and i don't blame Her. Christian: why'd she leave? Sean: go look in our recovery Room, christian! It looks like we're running A casting call for messy mouths, Part 2. Excuse me. Christian: you're overreacting. Wallace has guaranteed us 10 of her girls a month. That's implants, lipo, Reductions. Who gives a shit if koosman Bolted? Sean: it's one thing to bring Business in. It's another to drive it away. Christian: take off your Judgemental blinders, sean. The line that divides the porn Industry and plastic surgery Is a thin one. We're both selling fantasy, Aren't we? Grace: can i say something? From a patient's perspective, It's very important to feel Comfortable in your Surroundings, post-Surgery. Sean: see? It's a psychological issue As well. That settles it. We can't provide proper medical Care for the majority of our Patients by taking on a contract That offends them. Christian: then they'll go To bobolit. Sean: fine! Christian: you haven't been here Long enough to put in your 2 cents. Let me explain something to you, Dr. Santiago. Without wallace, we're losing Money, and that means cutting Back on gratuitous expenses, Like excess employees. [Sean sighs] Receptionist: dr. Mcnamara? Sophia lopez, line 3. Sean: hello? Sophia: dr. Mcnamara? I'm at dade county. Something terrible has happened. Sean: sophia lopez just called From emergency. Some sort of problem. Can you keep an eye on things? Christian: sure. Absolutely. Merril? Christian troy. I'd like to take you up On that lunch offer. Sean: hi. What is it? Sophia: i need your help. It's marci. Sean: who? Sophia: marci, my best friend. She's in trouble. A week ago, she had A gender reassignment surgery by The same doctor who did my neck. She's been bleeding. Sean: what's the opinion of The doctor who examined her? Sophia: the nurse stuck us in Here 2 hours ago. Nobody wants to touch her. Marci: i think i'm dying. [Crying] Sean: i'd like to take a look, If that's ok. Have you dilated today? Marci: no. Am i supposed To do that? Man: what's going on here? Sean: this woman's hemorrhaging. You need to get her into surgery Right now. Man: what are you, a doctor? Sean: apparently, the only one On this floor. Why hasn't this patient been Cared for? Do you have a problem with her Being a transsexual? Man: we're really backed up Right now. I'll see what i can do. Sean: sophia, go wait in The lobby. Matt: hello? Girl: hit the switch to your Left. Matt: i got your message. Um... i know why you wanted to meet Me today... because i told you i was an Agent. The truth is... i'm not. Girl: you lied to me? Matt: look, i know you want help With your career and that's why You called me, but... [stammers] But you know what? You got a great gimmick, So i'm sure you're gonna, um... hey. It's ok. What's wrong? Girl: i went to the doctor, And... i'm sick. I got n.G.U. Matt: n.G.U.? Girl: nongonococcal urethritis. Some guy i was fluffing must Have given it to me. That means i gave it to you. Matt: um... i don't--I don't have any Symptoms. Girl: yet? [Cell phone dialing] Merril: and this is where i get My freak on when the parties Move outside, huh? Mmm--Mmm. Mmm--Mmm Christian: good thing you're Rich, merril. Nice place. Merril: my problem is, i'm never Around to enjoy it. I'm working 7 days a week. That's where you come in. Christian: i'm listening. Merril: by myself, i've managed To become the biggest plastic Surgeon in south florida, But with your skills, we can be The surgical destination for Half the globe. I'm talking hollywood elite, European royalty. We charge twice the price And get all the time off We need. All you got to do is bring Your talent. Christian: what am i worth To you, merril? Merril: you want numbers? I'll get my lawyers to draft An agreement. Christian: i want parity. I want a guarantee that all Decisions are arrived at by both Partners, and i want it in Writing. Merril: no problem. This is a good move for you, Christian. Those cleft palate sean's Bringing in ain't helping you Retire early...ok? Don't get me wrong. I like sean. He's a conservative family man, And that's great, but you And i are more alike. We're ambitious, single, Good looking... and we understand that in Business, success is the only Standard. Woman: merril, my friend heidi Wants to come swimming. Can we go pick her up? Merril: she's going to have To sit on your lap. Whoa! Screw that. You drive. She'll sit on my lap. You got to see the car. Can you believe it? A quarter million and no back Seat. Who would want one of these? Christian: not me. Merril: well, you can't. Monterey blue. They only made 3. Call me this week. I want an answer. [Engine revs] Sophia: is she going to be ok? Sean: she's in surgery now. Another 24 hours, an infection Could have set in. That would have been a problem. I want to know the name of The doctor who did this. Sophia: he does a lot of work On transgender individuals. He's known in the community. Sean: sophia, you have to file A malpractice suit. Why would you protect this Butcher? Sophia: i'm not protecting him. I'm protecting us. You saw how the doctors treated Us here? How you treated me when i first Came in to see you? If we go to court, we'll be Judged, berated... like freaks, deviants. I won't do that. Sean: what if next time He kills someone? You want that On your conscience? What if that person were you, Sophia? Think about your son. Think about raymond. He loves you. He needs you around. I'll help you. I'll make all the calls. I'll testify in court so you Don't have to. Just give me this doctor's name. Sophia: dr. Grayson. Dr. Marcus grayson. Julia: matt, what are you doing? I've been looking for this book All afternoon. I have a test coming up Tomorrow. Why were you reading this? Matt: you can't tell dad. Promise me. We've been getting along so much Better, and he'd just be so Disappointed in me. Christian: i am disappointed in You, too, matt. How could you have sex with some Girl without wearing a rubber? You're smarter than that. Matt: she practically dragged me Into the closet? What was i supposed to do? Julia: you say no, matt. What in the hell were you Thinking, bringing him to A porn party? Christian: julia, she's A client. I was there on business. Julia: he needs to be tested for Hiv, too. Matt: why would you say that? Do you think she gave that To me, too? Christian: you're going to be Fine. At worst, you've got a bacterial Infection. We'll start you on doxycycline As a precaution. It'll clear up within a week. Julia: you want to go wait for Me in the car, please? Christian: i'm sorry. You're right. I never should have brought Him there. Julia: what you do with your Life and where you stick your Dick is your business. What you do with matt is mine. From now on you stay away From him! Christian: you're being way Too dramatic, julia. Come on. You can't lay down A law like that. Matt's like a son to me. Julia: and he is a son to me, And a real father would never Do what you've done. You'll never be capable of being A real father, christian. You want to know why? Because real fathers would never Turn someone they love into A filth-Loving moral-Less Bottom feeder. Real fathers want their sons To be me more than they are, Not carbon copies. [Door slams] [Knocks on door] Sean: hello, marcus. It's been a while. Marcus grayson: well, you know How delicate g.R.S. Is, sean. Fistulas are fairly common when You're dealing with vaginal Construction. I'm sure, uh--Uh-- Sean: marci. Marcus: right. I'm sure she's Just going to be fine. Sean: you know, i still have All my notes from your class. Why aren't you teaching anymore? Marcus: well, when The university... denied me tenure, i went back Into private practice. Then about 5 years ago, i got... i had to deal with this Malpractice bullshit... and it killed me. Sean: didn't you have insurance? Marcus: i did. I can't afford it now. Sean: marcus...that's crazy. Marcus: well, it's no crazier Than half the stuff they do down In mexico, which is where most Of these transsexuals go because They can't afford it up here. It's too expensive. I at least offer an alternative. Sean: but if you can't do The job right, what kind of Alternative is that? Marcus: excuse me?! Sean: look at this place. I can see why you're having Problems with these surgeries. Marcus: don't talk to me like That, sean. I was a doctor before you were Born. I almost invented most of these Procedures...remember? No, this is not johns hopkins, But i can do what most other Surgeons can't. Now you had a great deal of Skill, but you had no bravado, And it takes a combination of The 2--Bravado and skill--In Order to be a brilliant surgeon. Sean: i'd rather be a good Surgeon who helps people Than a brilliant surgeon Who hurts them. Marcus: heh. Now, is this About what i do, or do you have A problem with who i do it to... hmm? I think you're the one with The problem, sean. Sean: what i have a problem with Is you destroying people's Lives. Look at you. Can you even hold your hands Steady? You reek of alcohol. But don't confuse yourself into Thinking you're some kind of Hero working on The disenfranchised. You're just a sad old drunk Who can't retire because He doesn't have anything else To hold on to. [Sighs] You're the one who inspired me To be a surgeon. I wanted to be you. Marcus: well, you're gonna be Me, sean. You are...on my path. [Sighs] You're a success now. 40 is when it starts. Ok? The dutiful wife gets tired of Your hours and your lack of Emotional intelligence. She'll stay around for another 5 years, if you're lucky. Mine left when i was 50, But she'll leave. When father's day comes around And christmas and thanksgiving, And you sit alone with your... diplomas... and the thoughts of--Of--Of-- All these people whose lives You've saved, except your own. So, yes, i drink. Sean: either you shut yourself Down, or i will. Marcus: sean, i didn't mean To hurt anybody. God help me. I didn't mean to. [Sighs] Matt: so where are you? Christian: take a look to your Right. [Matt laughs] [Laughs] Is that your car? Christian: i landed an exclusive Contract. Thought i'd treat myself. I'm leaving it to you In my will. That is not the only reason To celebrate, matty. Your test came back from The lab. You are as clean as the day You were born. Matt: oh, my god. Seriously? Christian: seriously. I'm proud of you, kid. You cheated your first s.T.D. Way to go. Don't do it again. Your mom's probably calmed down By now. I thought we'd go over and tell Her the good news together. You drive. You're gonna love this car. Swear to god, you drive down The street, the girls are going To follow you home. Matt: yeah. Yeah. Uh, look... no, thanks. [Christian laughs] Matt: i don't want to meet girls Because of the car i drive, Or pick them up at strip clubs Or porn parties. I'm not you, man. Christian: i was only trying To cheer you up. Matt: yeah, i know. Look, i got last period, So i gotta...tch. I gotta head off. Christian: oh, wait. Maybe we could go see a movie Or something. You got to at least go for A ride with me. Matt: i'll see ya. Sean: keep out of the sun for At least 3 weeks and remember To put the ointment on. But otherwise, it's very... feminine. Sophia: you think so? What happened to dr. Grayson? Sean: he's retired. It's ok. He won't hurt anybody again. Sophia: i talked to one girl. He did a good job on her. Maybe he doesn't always drink. Sean: you're not... sophia, his office was Unsanitary. His practice-- Sophia: i know. I know that. I also know of an honorable bank Teller who makes no money, Who hasn't yet become what she's Supposed to become. [Weeps] Sean: i'll help you find that Person... free of charge. Sophia: you'll be my doctor? Are you serious? You're very progressive, Dr. Sean mcnamara. Christian: it's christian. Can you hang on a second? What's up? Sean: i'm ready to revisit The wallace forsythe issue. Christian: why? Sean: i've come to the Conclusion that with guaranteed Money flowing in, we're free to Take on more pro bono. Additionally... i think you're right. I need to loosen up. So what if these women are In porn? They're not hurting anybody. Christian: yes, they are. I terminated that contract This afternoon. Sean: what are you talking About? Christian: we have standards Here, sean, that are more Important than making money. Sean: what made you change Your mind? Christian: you. I'm kind in in the middle Of something. Sean: sure. Christian: sorry about that. Merril: so wallace forsythe Calls me this morning and says She's bringing me her business. Does that mean you're coming With her? Christian: not today, merril. Merril: you're kidding me. I'm up to my ass in tit jobs. I need you. Christian: the timing's not Right. Merril: i understand. My door's always open, Christian. You let me know when you're Ready to walk through it. Ron: ok. Not a ding and only 50 miles on it. But i think you're making A mistake, christian. This car tells the whole world Who you've become. Christian: which is why I'm returning it. Julia: thanks again for making Dinner. Sean: we'll get you to ace that Next test, jules. Don't worry. I don't care how much pasta I have to boil. Julia: [laughs] So guess what i found under The bed this morning. You want to watch? Sean: we have a new client, And i--I need to brush up on These procedures. Maybe this weekend? Julia: sure. Marcus: hi. Come in. Come in. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 