Ex on the Beach: Season 2, Episode 16 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ex on the Beach 
 s2e16 - Reunion Special, Part 2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ex on the Beach (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 16 - Reunion Special, Part 2 - full transcript 
 The drama continues in the surprise-packed Part 2 of the Ex on the Beach Reunion as the lie detector forces Morgan to admit the truth, a never before seen hookup is revealed, and cheating scandals are exposed. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ANNOUNCER: Previously on "The Ex on the Beach Reunion," - I'm a bad bitch, am I? - [laughs] - You don't know what love is. - When your ass moves like this, come talk to me. - AUDIENCE: [screaming] - [whirring] - --Lie detector. - Y'all ready to hear the truth? - AUDIENCE: [screaming] - Who you slept with? - Don't ever [bleep] [bleep]! - JUSTINA: Darian, you've been a good boy since the house? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - DARIAN: 100%. - ANNOUNCER: And tonight, on part two of the reunion, "Ex on the Beach" is saltier than ever. - It was the worst date I've ever gone on in my life. - [laughs] - He'd be better off dating a [bleep] trash can. - [screaming] - Let me just clear something up, you've also slept with him. - Stop it, [bleep]! [bleep]! - The deception! - JUSTINA: This was the cuddle that broke Twitter. - You wanna come cuddle? - AUDIENCE: [applause] - Did you cheat on Maya with a porn star? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - It's a simple yes or no. - I don't even want to talk about it. - I want to believe him so bad. - Have you ever cheated on her? - Um... Go! - Hook it up! - Stop it. - Hook it up. - Did you sleep with Johnny Bananas? - Alright, wait, pause. - AUDIENCE: [cheers and applause] - ANNOUNCER: Welcome back to "The Ex on the Beach Reunion." Let's get you caught up. Jay and Morgan left Malibu in a relationship. But things turned rotten after Jay heard rumors she was cheating on him with Johnny Bananas from "The Challenge." Sounds like Morgan didn't wait very long before getting some potassium. Now Jay's got her strapped up to a lie detector. And if Bananas is involved, then Morgan is sure to slip up. - Okay, well, Jay, the stage is yours, baby. - Let's go. - Alright, wait, pause. I'm just gonna take this off real quick. - Now we're gonna be honest. - Because you've hooked me up to a lie detector test. - Oh, so now it's honesty. Okay, go. Hell, yeah. - No, no, Jay. - Go for it. Why don't you do it? - Okay, then let me speak first before you interrupt me, before you do anything. You know what? I will be honest. I kissed him. Not in "The Challenge" house. And I am being 1,000% honest. I felt awful. It was when we were traveling. You called me maybe a day later. That's when I knew things were going south. You broke up with me, and then it was free game to me. I was a single woman, and I will be completely honest-- - You were single for, what? 24 hours? - Okay, and I-- - You cheated on me right before, 48 hours before that. - You know what? I'm being honest. We are humans. We all make mistakes. - But now it's honesty time. Now that you're all hooked up, so let's go. Hook it up. Hook it up. - Stop it. - Hook it up. - [cheers and applause] - Jay, this is your turn. - ♪ - Did you make out with Johnny Bananas on "The Challenge"? - No. - Oh! - AUDIENCE: [groaning, whistling] - [bleep] - I did not. - Did you sleep with Johnny Bananas and cheat on me before breaking up? - No. Okay, [bleep]. - AUDIENCE: Woo! - Do you still have feelings for me? - No. - You just lie about everything. - You know what? - I'm good. That's it. That's all I care about. - You got your closing. - I'm good. It was all a lie. - Okay, guys-- - Morgan, anything else you wanna say? - You know what? Honestly, I have nothing to say. - Because you got caught in all your lies. - Jay, I care about you. - No, you don't. You just lied to me for, like, ten times. - You know what? And Jay, whatever. You can say whatever you want is lying. I know how I feel. I think you're an amazing guy. I think you're a great guy. I care about you. I will care about you. Should I face the camera? Hang on. - ANNOUNCER: Hey, make sure we get your good side, girl. - Who gives a [bleep]? For five seconds--just be real for five seconds. I don't give a [bleep]. - MORGAN: Never mind. Jay, you were literally just back there hugging me, smiling, saying, "You know what? I'm gonna poke your buttons. It's all gonna be fine." So where's this energy coming from? - --You had been honest with me forever, right? Guess what? Had you been honest, it would've been totally cool. - I know the truth, Jay. - JAY: Sit down if you don't care. - Jay, if she would've been honest, would you have tried to mend things? - I would've been totally cool with it. - Are you over her, no feelings? - Nah, I have no feelings now. - JUSTINA: No feelings. Done. - Hopefully Jay got the closure he was looking for. Let's change lanes and talk about a couple with a rocky past. - ANNOUNCER: Need a quick reminder of where Angela and Nelson stand now? They left Malibu in limbo after Nelson's lie detector showed he still had feelings for Nurys. I wonder if Angela is still feeling salty. - JUSTINE: Angela, this season you made an instant connection with Nelson. But it made his ex, Nurys, feel some type of way. - Angela, what is it about Nelson? - He knows when to check me, how to check me, and I need to be checked. I need that aggressiveness. - Nurys, how does it feel to hear Angela talk about Nelson that way? I mean, that's your ex. - Tell me how you really feel, Nurys, 'cause you've been avoiding me for days. I'm curious. - You could've came up to me-- - I don't need your permission, bitch! And that's the real tea. - JUSTINA: Nurys, you and Nelson weren't getting back together, but you got upset when Angela didn't ask for your permission. Why? - It wasn't that she needed to ask for my permission. But, like, at that point, we were cool. I just wanted the conversation. That's all I wanted. I just wanted you to tell me, "Hey, I'm going out with Nelson." I would've been like, "Cool." That's all I wanted. It took me by surprise. - Then in you're in an interview saying you want to smack [bleep] out of me. But to my face, you don't have that same energy. It's so [bleep] weird. No, it's weird to me, because I'm watching it now. - [indistint arguing] - --I go into the confessional and I was pissed? Yes, I did that last night. I definitely told you that. I said I really don't give a [bleep]. - Nelson, were you surprised that Nurys got so upset? - No, not really, to be honest with you. She told me she still had feelings for me, and I can tell, the way she talked to me. And we always had a good friendship. I did tell her if she didn't hook up with Malcolm, we probably would've had a chance. - Farrah, I heard a rumor that you thought Nelson was cute. - I'm not entertaining rumors. That's not attractive. Next question, thank you. - Before Farrah sends me to my damn room, I better move on. Alright. [chuckles] - Let's get to the bottom of where Angela and Nelson stand now. Nelson, when you and Angela left the house, your relationship was up in the air. Tell me what happened after the show. - Well, as you saw, she took the thing right off my head, you know? It triggered her. She was upset. She wanted nothing to do with me. But when we got back into the house, I got to talk to her one on one, and hash things out, and let her know how I feel--I truly feel. And things were good. We've been on a vacation. We've been traveling the world. We went to Paris, spent Valentine's together. I met her mom. Like, I realized your past catches up to you-- - [siren sounds] - Hold on a second. - You know what that means. - ROMEO: Message in a bottle. And this man was just giving us this beautiful speech. - I'm like, damn, y'all don't give me a break, do y'all? - Do you want to finish what you were saying? Or, do you want to go straight to this bottle? - The bottom line is that I fell in love with this woman, and that's it, you know? I made my mistakes. - Well, let's see what's in this bottle, and hopefully, love wins. "Nelson, after leaving the house, "Angela ended things when she received DMs from a woman "who said, 'I've been in a sexual relationship with Nelson until recently.' Is that true?" - Um... Oh, my god! - ANNOUNCER: Uh-oh! Tonight they're revealing all the dirty secrets. Better come clean, Nelson. - [crying] I've never... experienced this kind of pain in my life. - She just does not want me to be happy at all. - Nurys, is Darian a good kisser? - You're a pathological [bleep] liar! - I don't even want to talk about it. - [thunderclap] - [thunderclap] - ANNOUNCER: Alright, folks. Welcome back to "The Ex on the Beach Reunion," where we're popping bottles, but not the good kind. We're about to find out if Nelson's been cheating on Angela all along. - "Nelson, after leaving the house, "Angela ended things when she received DMs from a woman "who said, 'I've been in a sexual relationship with Nelson until recently.' Is that true?" - Um... - [suspenseful music] - No, I didn't cheat on her. - AUDIENCE: [groaning] - [tires screeching] - ANNOUNCER: Let's break this situation down. Angela and Nelson decided to date after leaving Malibu. Nelson told Angela he loved her and took her to the Bahamas on vacation. After they got back, a woman from Nelson's past reached out to Angela and told her that Nelson cheated on her right before the trip. You got it? Good. Too bad Nelson can't escape to the Bahamas right now. - Nelson, is that true? - No, it was not true. That's what I'm saying. That's what sucks, you know? The girl is bearing-- She's being malicious. She just does not want me to be happy at all. But for her to go out of her way to message Angela, you could've done that a long time ago, but you didn't. You went out of nowhere after you saw me in the Bahamas, knowing I was with her. - But you didn't cheat before the trip? - No, no, not at all. - Ang, you alright? - There's no worse... pain than someone that hurts you after you've explained your pain to them. And that's what he did to me. - Aww, give her a hug. - I do want to say that I didn't leave the house in love with him. I grew to love him more than I've loved anyone in my whole life. I've never experienced this kind of pain in my life. And I just care for you so deeply, I don't know why I can't--I can't just move on. [cries] - Have you ever cheated on her? - No, not at all. - JUSTINA: Angela, do you believe him? - I want to so bad. It's his word against her word. It was, like, pulling teeth to get that from her after she messaged me this long message basically telling me something happened a few days before he told me he loved me for the first time. Even when she sent me the DMs, he completely was like, "She's crazy. I don't know her. She's from my past, but we never hooked up." All that. Then when stuff came to light, it was just like he was cornered. - Nelson, but just to get it straight, you have had a relationship with the woman in the past. - Her and I did have sexual chemistry in the past, yes. We did before. Like I said, I came on to the show single. I was doing me. I had nothing stopping me, so I could--I didn't know I was gonna fall for somebody in the house, I really didn't. I came into the house to have a good time, rekindle a friendship, maybe, and that's it. - So have you cut things off with this woman since then? - NELSON: Deleted her-- - JUSTINA: Completely? - I haven't even talked to her, blocked her from everything. - I want to believe him so bad, I really just do. - Is there anything else you want to ask Nelson? - I've asked you 100 times if you cheated on me. You keep telling me no. I'm gonna ask you one more time if you've cheated on me. And I want you to look me in the eye and tell me. - I did not cheat on you. I love you. I'm in love with you. And that's what it is. - Angela, do you think you guys can move past this? - I want to, but I don't want to look like Boo Boo the Fool either. He doesn't have the best past. I don't--I can't say that he cheated before, but he's been accused of cheating before. And I just don't want to be that girl. - But there is a lot of love here. - Yeah, of course. - Ang is right here in front of you. She's crying. I mean, I want you to look her in the eye and tell her how you feel. - This is kind of hard and kind of scary for me, but I know it's quite soon, but I'm moving to the East Coast for her. I really want to make things work, and I want to move forward with her, and I love her. - Come closer and give her a hug. - Aww, yes, give her a little huggy hug. - AUDIENCE: [cheers and applause] - Just a quick kiss. She does have your face on, you know? - Y'all 'bout to make me cry. - JUSTINA: It's good to see that we have some love in the room. It seems like, you know, one of the couples made it out. - ANNOUNCER: Made it out? More like making out. Nelson's spreading love, but our next ex is spreading nothing but rumors. - JUSTINA: Let's change topics. - Kareem was one of the first exes to wash up on the shore. His goal was to rekindle with Maya. But when things didn't go his way, he decided to trash her instead. Take a look. - The real reason Maya hates me is 'cause my teammate told me she has something that wasn't curable. - [crying] Like, I don't understand. It's just, like, why you chasing me, and now you're trying to ruin my reputation? Like, that's so [bleep] bad. [sobs] - I know. - [whooping, indistinct chatter] - ROMEO: Maya, did you think that Kareem was capable of betraying you like that? - No, I mean, that's why I started crying, because, like, me and Kareem dated years ago. And I don't feel like--even though, like, he cheated, like I don't think we ended on a bad term. Like, I'm not a bitter ex. So when he brought it up, especially on TV, especially with people that I just met, like, the day before, it really hurt me. So I did feel betrayed. - This cat was using Maya for attention. Who goes on a show and says, "I want to get this woman back" and then says STDs? Come on now. That doesn't make any sense. That [bleep] for attention. That's the kind of man that doesn't deserve to be on the stage, to be honest with you. - This little boy [bleep] shut the [bleep] up. Wasn't nobody talking to you. - I'm talking. I'm talking. - Worry about yours, boy. - I got mine. We good. [bleep] you did that for [bleep] attention, Maya. - [indistinct arguing] - Wasn't nobody even talking to you. Shut the [bleep] up! - Now, Kareem, be real-- What did you expect to happen by starting that rumor? - I do want to just say, you know, regardless of how I feel and, you know, what was going on at that time, it was wrong for me to even bring up that topic with anyone. Unfortunately, you know, I can't take it back, but I definitely regret bringing that up and taking her back down that lane again. - Farrah, you put Kareem in time out by sending him to his room. That was hilarious! - KAREEM: And I went, too! - JUSTINA: You did. You listened. What was your opinion of him? - I just think it was needed. I'm sure we all agree. Time apart is nice. - Yeah, that was the mom in you, 'cause he listened right away. He was like, "Okay." - Magical powers. - Maya, do you forgive him? - Yes, I forgave him off the show. But I didn't really forgive him on the show, 'cause I have trust issues, and I just didn't know if his apology was genuine. But I feel like off the show, we talked. He apologized, he apologized, he apologized. He still does to this day. So I feel like he's genuinely sorry, because it's off camera. He's not in front of everyone. So I do feel like it's genuine. - JUSTINA: Definitely, for sure. Maya closed the book on Kareem to start a new chapter with Malcolm. - I'm Malcolm Drummer. My biggest problem is sometimes, I can just love too many women. I'm looking for someone I can really call my wife. You can turn a player into a housewife. - Definitely, like, as long as he doesn't [bleep] up, he'll score. Now, will I tell him that? No. You're cool people. - Malcolm, you always seemed to be caught in a love triangle. Why are things so complicated for you? - I got a lot of love to give but I wasn't in a triangle this season. - You weren't? - I don't think I was. This season, I was just with Maya. If I was with Maya, I was with her. Me and Nurys got it popping, like, what? One night? And that was it. And then-- - Didn't you put, like, a little crush vote for Didi? - I put in a crush vote for Diandra. I got love for 'em. I'ma always have love for 'em, no matter what. - Alright, Nurys, Diandra, where do you and Malcolm stand? I wanna know, are y'all cool? - I'm not friends with him. - ROMEO: You're not friends with Malcolm? Cut off? - Yeah. - ROMEO: Blocked? - Yeah, blocked. - Why aren't you friends with me, Nurys? - Because--because we talked about everything. We realized that you're fake as [bleep]. - JUSTINA: Maya, Malcolm hooked up with Nurys and didn't think twice about dropping you. How did that make you feel? - When he moved on with Nurys, I'm not gonna lie, I did feel some type of way, because he did say he didn't have feelings for any of his exes. So, like, even though we're off, I would never think he would go back to someone that you said you didn't care about. - ROMEO: Alright, now, Malcolm, you lost interest in Nurys when you saw her talking to Nelson. Why give up so quickly? - Nelson came into the crib, you feel me? I just seen, like, a lot of mixed emotions that I just wasn't rocking with. I didn't want to stay for it when there was somebody else in the house who was interested in me. So I didn't want to stay for somebody who has feelings for someone else. - ANNOUNCER: Here's what you might not know-- Maya and Malcolm left the house in love and immediately moved in together, because that sounds like a great idea. And it wasn't long before Maya suspected Malcolm was cheating. So she kicked him to the curb--literally. - ROMEO: Maya and Malcolm, what happened after the house? - I moved to the East Coast for her. I left my crib. I left everything, the [bleep] car, and I moved in with her, to really fight for it and, like, give it a try. So I just felt like I couldn't give it to her, honestly, man. So I was just doubting the relationship. I'm not gonna lie-- I turned kind of into, like, a little monster. I can't flex, you feel me? But me and her said some awful things about each other. - Can we let Maya speak? - JUSTINA: Malcolm? - [bleep], [bleep], [bleep], [bleep]. [mutters incoherently] - AUDIENCE Woo! - [mutters incoherently] - What? - I don't even want to talk about it, bro. - Did you cheat on Maya with a porn star? - I didn't go home with him that night. You went home with somebody else. - Let me just clear something up before anyone else does. - AUDIENCE: [screaming, applause] - [thunderclap] - ANNOUNCER: Alright, folks, welcome back to "The Ex on the Beach Reunion." Malcolm started to tell us why he and Maya broke up, when suddenly, he put the ex in exit and walked off the stage-- Only to change his mind and come right back. - This is my first time seeing her after all this. After all the drama, all [bleep], this is my first time seeing her. I ain't gonna lie, when it come to her, I'm emotional. - JUSTINA: I hear you. - She mean a lot to me. - JUSTINA: Aww! - No, I did not. - No, she really did. Maya, you know I don't cry. Have I ever cried for you before? - No. - Thank you. I do apologize, Maya. I should've done better. You are an amazing person. - Now he says it. - Maya, you seem really hurt. You tell us, what's your side of the story? Why did you guys break up? - Okay, for me... I'm starting to cry. I'm sorry. For me, like, he's not my typical type. I'm not gonna lie, usually, I go for [bleep] with money. This was the first time that I thought, like, with my heart and not, like, with my mind or what I can benefit from this situation. And then, when I find out that he's going to people I did not like, and going to others, and cheating on me. I'm smart. I'm not no dumb bitch. And, like, I never, ever, ever in my life thought that a man would cheat on me and then come and lay beside me. And there would be times where he wouldn't come home and I'd call Janelle, like, "Bitch, what do I do? Like, I don't know how to deal with this [bleep]." Like, I've never lived with a guy before. And it's like, he would promise me so many times he's not cheating on me, it's not that. But then when I find out from talking to them, they show me receipts of him on Facetime with other girls and [bleep] like that. So for me, like, it just hurt because, for once, I felt like I was being genuine. I had a porn star DM me and send me pictures of him laying in the bed with her. - Those were the receipts? - MAYA: Yeah, she sent it to me. - Did you cheat on Maya with a porn star? - MALCOLM: Um... - Yes. Next question. Yes, he did. - Can I tell my story, Maya? - MAYA: Okay. It's a simple yes or no, right? - But I kinda wanna explain myself. - Alright. - If that's okay. - He [bleep] her and-- - When that did happen with me and Kendra, me and Maya was not in a good place. - She said that you cheated. Is that true? - Okay, yeah, that's true. But like I said-- - JUSTINA: You did cheat? - He did cheat. - It was a bad time in our relationship. We had taken some time off. I was staying at my boy's crib. - He told us that him and Maya weren't really together, that they had an understanding--word for word, so don't even [bleep] lie. That they had an understanding he was staying at her crib and he could [bleep] Basically do whatever he wanted to do. - Do I really look like the type of bitch to let a guy live with me and [bleep] other girls, and we not be [bleep] together? Do you wanna know how disgusting he is? - That was one time. - Shut up! That you would literally live with me-- That you lived with me, and that you went with a [bleep] I didn't like. And you went and you [bleep] told them [bleep] about me. You lied. So what do you mean? - Did you ever apologize to her for that? - No, because this is the first time he's ever admitted that he's cheated on me. He lied to me and said no. - Until now? - Until this second. - Can you just apologize? - I apologized plenty of times. I'm trying to, like, over and over again. - She said you didn't. - Just say, "Maya, I'm sorry for cheating. I'm sorry for lying about cheating." - Maya, I'm sorry for cheating. I'm sorry for lying about cheating. - Maya, it's so sad to see where you and Malcolm ended. We hope both of you find the one. Let's take a break. We got a lot more "Ex on the Beach Reunion" coming up. - AUDIENCE: [applause] - ANNOUNCER: Uh-oh, looks like the reunion capsized another relationship. Coming up, Cory Z joins the party, and it turns out Murray isn't his only ex on the stage. - I went home with somebody else. - It was all bull [bleep]. - AUDIENCE: [groaning] - Oh, bitch, you think this is funny! - You're a pathological [bleep] liar! - AUDIENCE: [screaming] - [thunderclap] - [thunderclap] - ANNOUNCER: Welcome back. This season, Cheyenne decided to give his ex, Murray, another shot. But their plans backfired when Murray's ex, Cory Z, exposed Murray for still having a boyfriend. Did Murray and Cheyenne get tied down after Malibu? Or, did they wave goodbye? - Now joining us, say what up to Cory Z. - AUDIENCE: [cheers and applause] - Now, Cheyenne found love when he rekindled with his ex, Murray. But their love was tested over and over by every ex that appeared in the waves. Now, Cheyenne, what is it about Murray that you found attractive? - Um... honestly, Murray and I, our relationship in the beginning, when I first met him, he was one of the first people I fell in love with, and I magnetized towards that. He has a very hard way of giving away his full self, and I'm a little bit of a digger. And I'm gonna try and get to the deeper layers of a person. And I knew they were in there, but... I never found them. - Murray, do you think that Cheyenne was more into you than you were into him? - No, I think that we both went in the house--actually, I know we both went into the house with the same mindset. You know, I just had a completely open mind to see what would happen. Um... - That house changes a lot of those things, though. - That house does change-- - It changed it for every one of us. - I saw him and Cheyenne, and I could tell that Cheyenne was really into him, because-- Feeling a lot for him again. And I could tell he wasn't. It was all bull [bleep], because he does have a boyfriend. Why are you coming on a dating show when you have a man? - MURRAY: At no point did I have a boyfriend. - CORY: Yes, you still have a boyfriend. You can call it single, whatever makes you feel better to [bleep] somebody else. But you're still [bleep] someone else and [bleep] him over. You're with him. In his mind, you're together. Yes, you are. - Absolutely not. - Why is he sitting by me? - Why am I sitting this close to Cory Z? - I can't. - I haven't dated anybody. I haven't dated anybody since I got on to the show. - This is the only consistent thing that I've ever gotten from you, and him as well, and now Nick, too, and several other people, is that you do do that. You drag people on, and you lead them to believe one thing, and you go and do whatever it is that you want on the side and just act like that's not a problem. You can't ignore those things. The very night that we left, and had the cast to your bar, and you went home with him. So what did I do? - I actually didn't go home with him that night. You went home with somebody else. - I went home with somebody else-- - You sure as [bleep] did. - --And left me to host your night with other people. - I was there until two in the morning and you left-- - You went home with Nick! - So let's clear this up. Six hours after the show ended, you were both in bed with somebody else. - No, I went home alone. I had a party, an event that most of the cast came to. Everybody's drinking. Everybody got really drunk. And Cheyenne went home with somebody else. I went home by myself. - No, you didn't. - Yes, I did. - Where did he go? San Diego? He doesn't have any friends in I.A. - I don't know where [bleep] Nick went on that night because it was not home with me. - I knew where he was after he came out of that teddy bear costume the entire time that we finished filming, and it was at your house, sleeping in your bed. - You've been single since the ending of the show? - Yes. - I'm just asking, 'cause I done seen y'all booty all on Instagram, so like-- - I've definitely seen that mother [bleep]. - I'm just asking, like-- - I'm still good friends with him. I'm an adult, and I can have friendships with my last relationships. Just because I'm friends with my previous relationship doesn't mean-- - Let me just--let me just clear something up before anyone else does. I have a friendship with your ex-boyfriend, Cory, and I've also slept with him. - AUDIENCE: Whoa! - Yeah, shocker. - Y'all been [bleep]? - AUDIENCE: [applause] - The deception! The deception, bitch. - You guys are [bleep] trash. - Why are we trash? - Because you're [bleep] trash. - 'Cause why? Why? - Cory Z, I want to hear from you. How did you and Cheyenne end up hooking up? - Uh, we were out, and I don't know, just kind of happened. - We were out, and we ended up kind of commiserating and swapping stories of our pain, as people do. - And swapping spit. - CHEYENNE: It happens. But at the same time, I was single, and so was he. And we went out one night, had a fun night, and that was it. I mean, we're friends now, and there's no connection beyond that. - Well, Cheyenne, can you ever see yourself working things out with Murray again? - I don't foresee us ever being in a relationship together, no. I would hope that we can be civil and be friends again at some time, but I really don't know how things will go on his end. - What are your thoughts, Murray? - Right now, I just don't care. - I guess time will tell if these two will ever get back to a good place. - ANNOUNCER: It seems like those two find each other unbearable. - Janelle's departure didn't stop Darian from exploring his options. Coming up, we'll dive into Darian's betrayal. - [cheers and applause] - You'd be better off dating a [bleep] trash can. - I [bleep] know what I want and what I don't want. - We're just, like, done. - This was the cuddle that broke Twitter. - [thunderclap] - ♪ - [cheers and applause] - Welcome back to "Ex on the Beach Reunion." Romeo and I are here with the singles and exes, getting the details on all the house drama. Let's talk about Janelle and Darian. - ANNOUNCER: Quick reminder-- Last week on the reunion, Janelle and Darian revealed they're one of the only couples still together. But Nurys dropped a bomb that Darian's been cheating. Let's take a look back at their relationship and see if we can get to the truth. - JUSTINA: Janelle was looking to rekindle with her ex before he even made it to the house. Once Darian arrived, she was ready to take on anyone who stood in her way. Let's take a look. - So you're single? - I am. - GROUP: Whoa! - No ex-girlfriends? - Uh, I got a-- I got a few exes. - Mm-hmm. - But I feel like I've moved past that a little bit. - No, no, no, no, no, no! Don't do it! - [screaming] - You bitch! [bleep]! You [bleep] kissed her?! You're gonna kiss her?! - Be stronger than-- - [bleep]! - Janelle! Janelle! - [shouting] I'll kill you, ho! - JUSTINA: Wow, wrestlemania in the house. Well, Janelle was fired up, and so were fans on Twitter. Grace was wondering, "Darian, you came in for Janelle, but you got sidetracked by Diandra. Why?" - Me coming back on the show, I wanted to get back with her, but also, I was hearing that she moved on. So I figured, [bleep], I need to something to see if this girl still even cares about me. - But with that being said, Janelle-- - Mm-hmm? - --Diandra had no idea that Darian was your ex. - Mm-hmm. That's what she says. - So why did you flip out on her? - Um, let's be clear-- I first attacked Darian because he's the only person who's supposed to have loyalty to me. So he was the person I had the problem with. Once I looked at her, she was laughing at me. She smiled, laughed, chuckled, whatever. I was just like, "Oh, bitch, you think this is funny?" - AUDIENCE: [laughter] - "I bet you don't think it's funny anymore." - I wasn't laughing at you. I literally turned around and said-- - So you weren't [bleep] laughing, Diandra? - --Smile, mid-smile, because one of the producers smiled. So I was like, hm, turned around. She was like, "Oh, you're laughing?" And I'm like, "I wasn't laughing." If you want to go ahead and believe I was laughing-- - If he looked like "he wanted to kiss you," he didn't act upon that look. You reached in for it. - Okay, and I'm not saying-- I'm not saying that he's wrong. - I'm telling you it's fine. I'm just letting you know that you went in for it. - Darian, don't you think that you also kind of set Diandra up? Like, when she asked you if you had a ex, you know, you didn't say, "Yes, I have an ex in the house. She's upstairs. Janelle. She's gonna whoop your ass." You kind of set her up. - Yeah, absolutely. I should've been honest with her. - Well, before she got sent home, Janelle kind of begged Darian for his loyalty, but he didn't listen. Check it out. - [crying] I'm just saying that, please, don't break my heart, Darian. - Okay. - I just need you to stay loyal to me, because I know I can't deal with that. - I said I was. We still have a lot of stuff to work on. I know there are no cameras in here. - ♪ - I truly don't want to disrespect Janelle, but you're not here, Janelle. And I think he deserves someone that treats him well. And I think that's exactly what I can give him. - You think that's you, bitch? - DARIAN: Not only did I kiss Didi, but now I've also kissed Nurys. But Janelle's not in the house. So, oh well. - You're [unintelligible]. - Oh! [bleep] oh well? - Janelle, what are you feeling right now after watching that? - So "oh well"? I'm just saying, [bleep] we got consequences every day. Like, "oh well"? Like, ain't nothin' gonna happen? That's cute. - Okay, we got another fan with a question. Where's Leah? - Nurys, is Darian a good kisser? - Was it worth it? No. - Oh? - For me. - It was a no? - After everything, no. So, I mean, it wasn't the best kiss. Y'all saw it. - JUSTINA: Darian, why couldn't you stay loyal? - Honestly, I was just-- I was an idiot. There was nothing else to it. I made a lot of mistakes on the show. - It's disrespect, period. You don't say that you want to be with me, you want to work it out, I'm the love of your life, and then you go kiss hoes. Don't do that. And I just find it so [bleep] ironic that he kissed Nurys out of all of the [bleep] bitches in this whole [bleep] damn situation. Like, is anyone else noticing a recurring situation? You [bleep] are sister wives. You hop on the same-- - [indistinct arguing] - For Nurys to say in that clip you think Darian deserves somebody better? Bitch, better is you? He'd be better off dating a [bleep] trash can. Let me just make that real [bleep] clear. - To each their own. - Janelle, here's the thing. You actually seem more mad at the girls. Like, you seem more mad at Nurys than you do at Darian. That's your man. Why not-- - [indistinct arguing] - DARIAN: I deal with it nonstop, like non--nonstop. - Darian gets it the worst out of everyone because he lives with me. My problem is always with the guy first, which is why I tackled him first with Diandra. Period. - So, Farrah, Janelle's your girl. Do you think Darian was being shady? - I just really feel like Janelle deserves a better man in general. I just think Darian needs to grow up, go live on your own, go be a man on your own, go do your own thing. Janelle has her thing going on. She needs a stronger man in her life. - I feel like you think I'm trying to attack you, and I'm trying to tear down your relationship. But I'm really just trying to show you you do deserve better. I don't know why you think I'm over here trying to do this out of malicious intent, I'm really not. - You literally have been telling every single person since [bleep] New Year's that Darian [bleep] a girl [bleep] on camera. - No, that's what he said he did. - No, I did not do that. I did not do that! - How is it that Malcolm even told Maya, saying that you hooked up with people? - Ask him right now! Let's ask the mother [bleep], there. - Malcolm! - He did not [bleep] no vagina that night. - Thank you! Thank you! - --Pathological [bleep] liar! - So there's a lot of he say/she say, and we can't prove anything without proof, right? - Right. - That's what I'm saying. - ROMEO: But, Janelle, you guys didn't connect in the house, but you reconnected after the house. So where do you and Darian relationship stand right now? - I mean, we're in a good place. Like, I know he loves me more than anything and anyone. And I love him, too. - Well, if it's real love, it will prevail. - [tires screeching] - ANNOUNCER: But it turns out their love wasn't so real after all. Shortly after the reunion, Janelle got the receipts she was looking for. Looks like Darian made out with another girl. So she dumped his ass. - It was the worst date I've ever gone on. - AUDIENCE: [laughter] - I don't know what was going on between you and Jozea. Like, I know it was a little weird. - Yeah, so we just started making out. - AUDIENCE: [screaming] - [thunderclap] - ♪ - [cheers and applause] - Welcome back. In the season finale, we saw Corey Brooks crush himself. Corey, after things didn't work out between you and Morgan, why didn't you try and pursue anyone else? - I just wasn't, like, super passionate about anybody. I just wanted to have fun. Um, you know, again, I [bleep] know what I want and I know what I don't want. And I love everybody here, but I just didn't want to pursue anybody. - Now, Morgan, if you could set Corey up with anyone in the house, who would you pair him with? - Hmmm... - And don't say Jozea. - Fine, fine, fine, fine. Um, Farrah. Sorry. - Thank you, Morgan, for that. - JUSTINA: You guys went out on a date we didn't see. What was that like? - It was, like, the worst date I've ever gone on in my life. - [laughs] - It was not! You've definitely been on worse. - I think so. - 'Cause you didn't get a good night kiss? Is that why-- - I don't need kisses. - Corey, you're still trying to get that good night kiss. - No, I'm good. - JUSTINA: No? - Well, nothing says love like that first kiss. Here's a look at the first kiss no one ever saw coming. - ♪ - [screams] - Whoa! - ♪ - ALL: [laughter] - JUSTINA: The best part of that was Chad's face. - Diandra, what made you want to kiss Corey? The world wanna know. - So, you know, me and Corey, um, like, when were on our way to the beach--I think it was the day Nurys came or whatever-- You know, the three of us were having conversations or whatever. And I was like, "You're dope." I was like, "[bleep], you're kind of cute, whatever." Whatever. And then we were just there, and I was just like, "You know, I've never been with a white guy before." And then he was like, "Really?" I was like, "Are you trying to be my first one?" And then he was like, "Yeah." So we just started making out. - Why didn't y'all pursue it? - I was, like--I did want to find love and things like that. But with Corey, we were just so--like, such good friends. It wasn't--it wasn't worth trying to, you know, pursue something and, like, hopefully, that friendship could just, like, get in-- You know, like, end. So I was just like, "That kiss was great." We did it again in the confessional. And, yeah. - Yeah, I mean, it's like, no. We were just having fun. We were tight. - Now, are there any other secret hook-ups that we don't know about? - Yeah, me and Cheyenne made out a couple times. - Huh? - You did? - I mean, look at him. - There was no games left to play. - I was running around the house, making friends. We were drunk, and we just-- - Single and bored. - Yeah. Murray didn't care. - Well, everyone loves the cuddle. But no one loves it more than Corey Brooks. Take a look! - Cozea, all day! You know what? I need some cuddling sessions too. Let's do it, Jozea. Hell yeah! - ♪ - Serious cuddling going on. - They're not cuddling. They're spooning. And to my surprise, Jozea is the big spoon. It's so cute. - [giggling] - This was the cuddle that broke Twitter. Fans couldn't get enough of you two. Jessica tweeted, "So, Corey, what is it about Jozea that just makes him the perfect cuddle buddy?" - I just--I didn't think anything of it, you know? - I don't know what was going on between you and Jozea. I know it was a little weird or whatever. Whatever happened, like, nothing happened. But it was just a little flirty, and I don't know why. Like, it just turned me off, like, really, like--I don't know. And I was just, like, done. - He's comfortable in his own skin. - I'm comfortable in my own skin, personal found sexuality. You know, I feel like it should be not weird for a straight guy to cuddle another dude. I don't think anything of it. It could be anybody. Honestly, I don't care if you're male, female, black, white, brunette, blonde, red hair. If you want to come cuddle, we can cuddle. - I want to see what it's like to cuddle a Corey. I like your motto: Have fun and cuddle more. - That's right. - Let's go to a fan in the audience with a question. Where's Casey? - Corey, who's the better cuddler, Jozea or Sha? - Ooh! - Oh! - You better answer that wisely. - [laughter] - Hey, it's technique. Jozea's got it down, you know? He's a good cuddler. - Well, you're not getting any more cuddles, so... - What am I gonna do? Oh, no! - [laughter] - Coming up, we'll take a trip down memory lane and say goodbye to the relationships that didn't last. Plus, the singles and the exes will give us their final thoughts. Right here, brother. The reunion. - [thunderclap] - ♪ - [cheers and applause] - Welcome back, baby. This season, some found love, some rekindled with an ex. But most just said [bleep] love. All good things must come to an end. Here are the relationships that some people on this stage wish they could forget. Take a look. - [wistful instrumental music] ♪ - [laughs] - AUDIENCE: [laughter] [laughter] - ♪ - AUDIENCE: Aww! - ♪ - AUDIENCE: [laughter] - ♪ - JAY: Aww! - AUDIENCE: [laughter] - ♪ - Oh my god! - [laughter and applause] - Yes! - That would win any-- - ALL: [laughing] - ROMEO: That's a highly emotional song. - I love all of you, mother [bleep]. We had a great time. It was sick. - JUSTINA: Jozea? - What? - You and Rob are both crying. - JOZEA: Well, y'all are pulling at our heartstrings. That's still, like, a lot of memories and stuff, you know? It's still beautiful to look at. - JUSTINA: Absolutely. - But... - Regardless of what went down in Malibu, everyone has something to be thankful for. I want to open up the floor to give everyone a chance to say any final thoughts and any feelings they want to get off their chest. - I just want to say that this is an experience that we will never forget and that we all share together for the rest of our lives. I'm just happy to know all of you, and love every single one of you guys. - Angela, got something? - Yeah, it took me two seasons, but I think I finally got it right. A lot of tears, a lot of fighting. I couldn't be happier, the way I'm leaving the show. - Alright, and Farrah, you always have words of wisdom. What you wanna leave out with? - I just depart everyone with this next chapter in their life. And it's a really good one to leave this show like this and move forth. And I'm excited for everyone here. - Honestly, no matter what happens in life, I think you grow from every situation, no matter how good or how bad. And I see a lot of growth tonight. Y'all keep living life. Find love, baby! I'm cupid! I made this happen! I got something right! - [applause] - I love y'all. Big thanks to my co-host, Justina, Miss Valentine-- - You're damn right. - --holding it down tonight. - Anytime, brother. - I'm Romeo. Good night. - AUDIENCE: [cheers and applause] - ANNOUNCER: Can you ever truly get over your ex? Sure you can. But it'll hurt like a "beach"! That's it for this season of "Ex on the Beach." See you all "ex" time. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 