Ex on the Beach: Season 2, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ex on the Beach 
 s2e13 - Ex-viction Notice - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ex on the Beach (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 13 - Ex-viction Notice - full transcript 
 The house is shook when an ex is sent home without warning, Angela finally comes clean about her past with Tor'i, and Chad campaigns for Maddie's eviction. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 NARRATOR: Previously on "Ex on the Beach." A bunch of reality stars are looking for love in Malibu while living with their exes. And they don't know it yet, but they're about to take a lie detector test to see if they're over their ex or if they're full of [bleep]. Nicole and Chad couldn't make it through their ex arrivals, and Nicole was sent home for getting physical. - [bleep] I'm shaking. - NARRATOR: Maya and Malcolm are solid even though her ex, Perez, is still in the house. - I'm just saying I came in with cocoa butter, is all it is. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - NARRATOR: Poor Angela said goodbye to her new love, Nelson, just in time for her old love, Tor'i. - Yeah, you stole my [bleep] money, bitch. - TOR'I: But you came and laid up with him. - Yeah, I did, and I'd do it again! I would do it again! I would cheat on you 10 more times, bitch, 'cause you're a [bleep] bum, bitch! - NARRATOR: And tonight, it's our penultimate episode. Look it up. Chad channels his inner landlord while Maddie claims squatter's rights. - I mean, I'll just be a bitch to him while I'm here. - NARRATOR: Angela gets called out by her ex, Tor'i, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 for her DMs to her fantasy team. - You weren't Snapchatting MLB and NBA players while we were together? - NARRATOR: Go sports! Another ex arrives, and you'll never guess who it is. And the house is shook when some exes are sent home without warning. - Uh... [bleep]. - [thunder clap] - ♪ ♪ This is where the wild things are ♪ ♪ This is where the wild things are ♪ ♪ This is-- ♪ ♪ This is where the wild things are ♪ ♪ This is where the wild things are ♪ - NARRATOR: Welcome back. Angela was pissed with a capital P when her ex, Tor'i, washed up. So she ditched him at the beach and made her way back to the house to tell everyone he broke her bank account-- I mean, her heart. - He walked up, and I was like, "I hope you didn't get your checkbook wet, 'cause you owe me money" "Bitch, you're a fraud. You're a scammer." Said that he doesn't owe me [bleep]. I'm lying about the whole money situation. - Oh, he's a full wack. - ANGELA: It was so bad, Nurys was holding me back from [unintelligible]. - Wow. - I had Angela's back even though I know we've had our differences. Tor'i was antagonizing her the whole time. That [bleep] is so disrespectful. - What's up, guys? - What's up? - How's it going? - Awkward! - I'm Tor'i. How's it going? What's up with it? - COREY: What's going on? Good meet you. - I'm Corey. - Tor'i. Good to meet you. Angela needs to be held accountable for her actions. She cheated on me on national TV with Johnny Bananas. But I have my suspicion she was cheating on me with multiple people. Like, who does that? Good to meet you. Good to meet you, boss. - Good to meet you, brother. - Good to meet you, too. - Can I talk to you? - Oh, yeah. - Tor'i walks in. He's, like, all smiles. Like, I don't know if I, like, fully trust Angela because she did cheat on him, but I'm gonna get to the bottom of it. - You know how it is, because his bro's on the beach. - ANGELA: Tori's presence annoys me. His laugh is aggravating. - [laughs] - He makes me sick. I just need to be as far away from him as possible to avoid killing him. So my plan moving forward is just to ignore, ignore, ignore. - I have, like, a million questions. What, were you all, like, splitting rent? Like, was there, like, a miscommunication? - I was taking on all the financial responsibility myself, you know, from the first two or three months we were together. And then when I tell her, like, it's beginning to be too much, that's when she stepped up and helped. You know, I'm like, I found a ride or die, a chick that's gonna have my back regardless. That's when she's like, "Oh, I was paying your rent. I was doing this. I was doing that." I'm like, "No, you were pulling your share." - I feel a bit bad for Tor'i. Everything that Angela said about him, like, isn't reflecting back at me when I talk to him. - She, like, went to YouTube to spread a bunch of rumors. - Someone did rob me, except that person was my ex. He completely wiped out my PayPal clean. I didn't realize until I got to LA that I would have to be supporting him. Dude, she cheated on me. Like, that's what I'm saying. So she wanted to flip the narrative to make people believe that I was such a bad guy that they would feel sorry for her. She's been playing the victim role since she got on TV, you know what I mean? Like, I'm tired of that. - Did you forgive her for cheating? - That's the sticky situation. Like, we didn't really talk about it much. And her first time owning up to it was at the beach today. - I would cheat on you 10 more times, bitch, 'cause you're a [bleep] bum, bitch! - Honestly, one of the biggest pieces of advice is it gets a pressure cooker in here and people pop off easily. Keep your tone down. I got into it with [bleep] [unintelligible] last night. - You [unintelligible]. - Go ahead, [bleep] baby. - Then stop talking-- - Go ahead. - Then stop talking [bleep]. Like I thought. - I ain't talking [bleep]. Go eat Jozea's food. - [crunching] - He wanted to eliminate four exes last night. He was like, "They're eating my food, taking my bed." I was like, "That is not your [bleep] food." I was like, "Dude, that's not your food." Like, exes are people, too. - [laughing] Exes are people, too! - There's no [bleep] rulebook where, like, we are, like, above these people. We have the power to vote them out. But as far, like, you know, being over someone, that's as far as it goes. - So we're gonna be here. It's gonna be a good time. - We're stuck in here, man. - ANNOUNCER: Sorry, Tor'i, but Corey's only talking to you because he's lonely ever since he lost his cuddle buddy, Jozea. Geez, you have a lot of catching up to do. - ♪ Rise from the dead, the land of the living ♪ ♪ No rest for the wicked, we working on the weekend ♪ ♪ We can, we can ♪ ♪ Fangs out, we spooky like the boogeyman ♪ ♪ Sharp-dressed killer, star-- ♪ ♪ Bad ♪ - You know what that means. - What? - Good you-know-whats. - [You've got a camel toe, - Ayou've got a good vagina. y] Good "va-geen"! - Okay. - NARRATOR: Speaking of panties, let's see who's got Chad's panties in a bunch. - I can't figure out what Maddie's doing there. I feel like she's trying to turn him to her side or something. - Oh, bro, you know it. - Who cares? - CHAD: I don't think that's gonna happen. I mean, Maddie's a great girl. Yeah, she can be rude. She's sucks sometimes. She's hot, though. But at the end of the day, I have decided 110% to give my heart to Nicole. So for me right now, the only thing I can think about is gains before... ...titties. - Just open the door real quick and be like-- - I'm gonna say "chicken legs!" or something. - Something to [bleep] with him all day, [bleep] that. - If I was to write a book about me and Chad's relationship, it would be, like, "How Can Malibitch Barbie and Bobybuilder Boy [bleep] with Each Other This Time?" Maybe instead of working out your arms, you should work out your legs. Chicken legs! - What a [bleep] bitch. - Just go. Go on. - [laughs] - She's just trying to stir [bleep] up. - That's funny. Totally rude. - [unintelligible] - Low blows! A low blow! - You asked for this! - ANNOUNCER: But you know what nobody asked for-- The return of some familiar faces. Oh, man! I can't wait. - ♪ I'm grown I don't need nobody ♪ ♪ I can do it on my own ♪ ♪ I don't need nobody, I can do it on my own ♪ ♪ Can do it on my-- ♪ - I don't have any problems with my exes. We're just, like, best friends. - I'll just be a bitch to him while I'm here. - Maddie has, like, a little demon hidden inside her. Like, she looks like this little angel, but, like, she's got a dark side to her, you know? And she's definitely showing her, you know, other colors. They're coming out to play. - [unintelligible] Chad. - [laughs] - Oh god. - You've been served. - [laughter] - Dude, this isn't even your house! You don't own it! Aah! - Y'all have me dying when y'all go at it. It's the funniest [bleep] ever. - ♪ - I just can't believe this experience is almost about to be over, and we've made it through all this [bleep]. - It's been a freaking roller coaster. - It's crazy. - ANNOUNCER: Wait a second-- what's that, Jozea? It's time for a message in a bottle? Okay! Coming right up. - [whirring] - It's about to go down. - [chuckles] Whoo, [bleep]! "Angela and Tor'i-- You may no longer be friends. "But as the saying goes, sometimes it's better to keep "your friends close and your enemies closer. "Head down to the Shack of Secrets and see if you two can reconnect." - NURYS: Angela looks more nervous than Tor'i does. I'm interested to see why. Maybe Angela was not as innocent as she made us all believe. - Alright, guys, go! Head out! - Good luck! - Get out of here, bye! - Good energy. Something good. - JOZEA: It's not about to be pretty because Angela looks pissed. Tor'i looks a little nervous. Maybe Angela's gonna pull out these receipts. I mean, she had receipts. I wanna see them. I don't know what's gonna happen, but we about to see, and I'm here for it, too. - Secret Agent Didi will move her way over there. Just give it a second. - ♪ - I think there are a lot of things that Angela did behind my back while we were together. And she's never been honest with me about cheating on me or how many times it was. She's about to be exposed. "You've both done and said many things behind each other's back. Why is it the ones we love the most also hurt us the deepest?" - Wow! - I'm going, too. - So every time the Shack of Secrets comes up, we already know Secret Agent Didi is on her way. I just run straight to the front row, make sure my ears are nice and clean, and I'm like, okay, he say what? He said that? Guys, let me tell you exactly what just happened. That is my simple Shack of Secrets routine. - "Underneath the box are the answers that you seek." - ♪ - Oh, [bleep] outta here! You got me [bleep] up! My stomach drops to my ass[bleep]. I am the dumbest human being ever. I should have known that my phone was gonna be open for the viewing, considering I went through Derek's phone in Hawaii. "I seriously can't sleep right now "because I'm thinking about our sex. I love how freaky you talk." This just proves, like, you talk to mad bitches. I'm [bleep] done with you. I'm done with you. I mean, it only made sense. I'm just... dumb. I didn't delete a thing. - Angela, unlock your phone now. - This is fine. Everything is fine. Everything's set on fire, but everything is fine. - Did you [bleep] any other guys while we were together? - ANGELA: It's open. You're only hurting your own feelings. - That's fine. I'm getting the truth, 'cause you're not gonna give it to me. Did you cheat on me with anyone else outside of Johnny Bananas? Bananas, what? - You can look through my texts with Bananas. Yeah, we [bleep] after that round. - What did you leave for him in the challenge? - Panties. - Oh, okay. You ain't say that. You didn't say that. - You done? - All these guys that you said weren't an issue? All these names are people that you said you weren't talking to, you weren't with, you had nothing with them. You're still talking to Lance. Yeah, you're not off the hook. I caught Angela red-handed. I saw all the guys that she was texting while we were together. She even hit up her ex, Derek. Like, [bleep] clown! - I wasn't talking to them when I was with you! - Yes, you were. I saw these names on your Snapchat and you tried to hide it. You will never own up to your mistakes-- why? - Because I'm single! - NARRATOR: Hmm, where have I heard this exact conversation before? - [film projector click] - ANGELA: You talked to mad girls. - It's a lie. I've been single. I've been single! - Why don't you ever-- - I'm single! Everything that I've said to you in the past has just been validated. - [film projector click] - That was validation right there. You told me not to worry about these people. You know you're in the wrong. You cheated on me not just with Bananas, but with multiple other guys. Like, this girl is so [bleep] shady. All of the guys that she told me not to worry about in our relationship she was DMing, Snapchating-- - I'm single! - You know, I had some suspicion, you know, while we were together that that was happening, and that just confirmed it. - MALCOLM: That's a low blow, Angela. He goes through Angela's phone, and the people that he was concerned about is coming up now. So I think it's the moment Tor'i's been waiting for his whole life. - You're lying! - You're never gonna admit when you were wrong. I always have to man up and apologize to you even when you're wrong. That's how it always happens. - I can do whaterver the [bleep] I want right now! - TOR'I: That's typical Angela for you. She doesn't like to be wrong. She doesn't like to be seen as the bad guy. But no, baby girl, this one's on you. I just want her to own up for talking to other people while we were together. Like, just man up! - It didn't happen! - Okay, you weren't Snapchatting MLB and NBA players while we were together? Come on, y'all! Y'all see that? Like, that's it, bro! - [laughter] - She wants to point another finger, come on! I'm gone. It's done. It's over. Y'all seen that! Y'all seen that! It's over! It's done! - About that... [chuckles] Funny story. [chuckles] - [laughter] - JOZEA: You owning up to it, [bleep]. What's that? I mean, they got the coins. Sis knows what's up. Sis just making moves. That's called power moves, Tor'i! Power moves. - [shouting] - TOR'I: I was hoping to get married to this girl. All along, she's cheating on me, she's talking to other guys, and she's putting all the blame on me. [bleep] that! - Well, you were talking to MLB and NBA players. Was I? - [laughs] - NARRATOR: Okay, Angela, this isn't a good time to brag about your stats. But it does feel like a good time for a seventh-inning stretch. - Get some. Get some. - I'm about to take another nap, man. - Perez who? Who's that? Sorry, I can't recall. If it's the guy sleeping all the time, then no, I really haven't had any interaction with him. - NARRATOR: Way to make an impression, Perez. - ♪ - Are you okay? - I'm annoyed. - It's like I can't look at you every day. Like, if I was on Instagram, like, I'd unfollow you. - So you're gonna bump me out? - I kinda have to. - Do you want to stay? - Yeah, obviously. I think I made that clear. - Express that, though. I feel like you need to reiterate that. - [bleep] Chad! He's literally a piece of [bleep]. - NARRATOR: A title he wears proudly. - Like, you're a piece of [bleep]. I'm a piece of [bleep]. We all are. - CHAD: Like, one of the reasons I really like Nicole, I love people that admit they're a piece of [bleep]. - NARRATOR: Well, now we know Chad's type. - Cheer up, though. - Let him cut you. Don't worry about it. - He pissed me the [bleep] off. - What was his reasoning behind it? - He's like, "It just looks bad that you're here and Nicole's not." - But it does. - But that's not my, like-- I haven't done anything to be, like, oh, let's get back together. - It's just the fact that Nicole is gone, but you're the one who made her react that way. You understand? I'm being real with you, you know that. I want to stay loyal to Nicole because I really do see her and Chad being something real outside of this house. So now, out of respect for Nicole, I see why he wants to get you out because if you're here and you guys are flirting-- And I'm not saying it's a one-way street. You guys are flirting. That is disrespectful to Nicole and disrespectful to their relationship, because she's not here and she can't do anything about it. - Chad doesn't know how to be just friends with a girl. So he flirts a lot, which, I flirt, but I'm a flirt. - You understand? - MADDIE: I would like to stay just because now that Nicole's gone, it would be very interesting to me to see how, like, how Chad reacts and see if there's anything there between us, and see if we can or cannot rekindle what we had. I don't know why you're being rude to me. - No one's being rude. You're the one who's getting feisty. I'm being real with you. If you can't accept the realness, it's not my fault. - MADDIE: [bleep] bitch. - NARRATOR: Coming up-- - Nurys, head down to the Shack of Secrets. - [gasps] - I don't know who or what is down there, but I'm really nervous. What the [bleep]? - ♪ Whoa, whoa, momma, hey, now ♪ ♪ Whoa, whoa, whatcha say now ♪ ♪ - Chad, don't be a dick right now. - I'm not. You've been served. - [bleep] you! - Final eviction notice? - Final notice to vacate. - What? - Don't be rude. I haven't been rude to you, so don't be petty. - You said I had chicken legs yesterday. [laughs] She's gotten entitled all of a sudden. It's just the fact that I'm not dating you anymore, so I don't need to see you every day. - Go use your half a hairspray can and we'll talk later. - No, I got, like, seven. They're kind of spread around in every room. - [chuckling] - They really are. I literally think he uses a whole bottle of hairspray in one day. He'll be like, shhhhh! Shhhhhhhh! Then he's like a, shh, shh, shh, shh! Shhhhhhhh. - Five's too shiny and three doesn't do enough. - Maddie and Chad are crazy. But hey, that's how y'all flirt. - You're gonna cut me. - Yeah, but I told you why. I brought you in. The good Chad giveth and the good Chad taketh away. - [laughter] - Go [bleep] yourself. - [laughs] It's so funny! - I'm curious to see how the elimination ceremony will go. I'm gonna make his life hell. So if I stay, stay tuned for the drama. Mwah! - Catty Maddie can't have daddy. Are you saddy? - [laughs] - Oh so saddy? - NARRATOR: [groans] But when I flirt with my landlord, suddenly they call the cops on me. - ♪ - I just love all these sunsets. It's so pretty. It's like a painting. We're approaching the end of this chaotic journey. And things are actually getting pretty serious between me and Murray. And... I really want to leave this house with Murray. I wasn't really expecting this. So I'm just hoping he doesn't [bleep] it up before we have to get out of here. - NARRATOR: Enjoy the sunset, boys, because a new dawn is on the horizon. - Bro! - What's up? - [bleep] [bleep]. I [bleep] hate bananas, bro! - I don't know what the hell he got against bananas, but-- - [ding] - Aww, hold on. Oh, hold on. Really, Tor'i? Really? The bananas? But don't take it out on my bananas, my boy. We gotta eat those. - [bleep] [bleep]! [bleep]! - We're eating that! - That's crazy. - TOR'I: You cheat on me with a guy named Bananas. I don't think I"ll be able to eat another banana in my life. I'm [bleep] traumatized. Hey, we don't need no bananas in this crib, bro. - But I'm extra. I am, in fact, living in my worst nightmare. But this is almost over. I made it out alive, but barely, even though I have a really, really, really bad feeling about what's about to go down. - [bleep] bananas, bro! [laughs] - NARRATOR: Coming up-- - "Nurys, you must send home one ex immediately. Please choose now." - ♪ - DIANDRA: You're gonna pick that up, right? - TOR'I: Nah. [bleep] the banana. - [burps] Yup, I did that. - I-- - What? - You're gonna say "excuse me," right? - Are you gonna pick up the banana? - Are you gonna say "excuse me"? - I didn't see you pick up the banana. - Where are your manners? - Where are your manners? - You're a trip. So if I pick up my banana, you're gonna say "excuse me"? - Yup! - I ain't picking that [bleep] up. - [burps] And I'm gonna keep on burping! [burps] - So attractive. Woman of my dreams. - I heard that. - ♪ - This is a lot. We got elimination coming up, so I think everybody want to tread softly, don't want to step on no toes while this final elimination is coming up. But you know how it goes. - [whirring] - [shouting] - It's so loud! - Oh my gosh, that scared me. - Are you ready? Here we go, guys. "Life and love are full of tough choices "that can affect you and everyone around you. "Nurys, head down to the Shack of Secrets and use your best judgement." - [gasps] - Are you serious? - Someones' down there, Sis. - My heart is pounding. I'm strating to sweat. I'm like, what am I gonna find out downstairs? - Could be another dude. - Or maybe it's temptation! - We all know nothing good ever comes out of the Shack of Secrets. - Love you, Nurys! - Do what you gotta do, girl! - Take your shiv! - ♪ - [laughs] Nurys walks through that door, and her face is priceless. You thought you were gonna get rid of me that fast? Uh uh! I'm back! [laughs] Hold on, hold up! - NURYS: Seriously? What the [bleep]? What are you doing here? Like, oh, here we go again. "Nurys, you and Nelson have shared good times and bad times. "Now his fate is in your hands. "You now have the choice of bringing Nelson "back into the house, but there's a cost. "If you bring him back up to reenter the house as your ex, "one of the other exes will have to go. You are the judge. Nelson, plead your case. - [laughs] - I feel like a million bucks. I have all the power over Nelson, and it feels amazing to make Nelson sweat a bit. It's what he deserves. But if I have to eliminate any ex that I want, he just needs to convince me to bring him back a second time. - I don't get a toast or anything? - Nah, let's just hear what you have to say. - Wow, straight to the point, huh? Hopefully she lets me back in this house because Angela and I have some unfinished business. You know what? You can make a decision not to bring me back in your house, and I'll respect that. I understand it's hard to see a ex walk around with another ex when you have feelings for somebody. And the things I have said around this house-- - No hard feelings. - I mean, I don't understand why the tensions are so high right now. - You were hella messy with all the [bleep] you were doing and saying to everybody. You didn't have my back on [bleep]. And after you left, me and Angela almost fought because of your crazy ass. - When you tell me to shut the [bleep] up-- - Shut the [bleep] up! Shut the [bleep] up! - There's no reason to be so angry. I feel like you're shaking and you're upset right now. - I feel like you're coming to the house because you want to get into bull[bleep] That I don't have the time for. - She's definitely making me work. She's definitely making me plead my case. I know I can charm her and make her smile, but I gotta keep it real and let her know, look, I'm here for my queen, Angela, and her and I are just friends, and hopefully she lets me back into this house. - What are your intentions? To go be with Angela? - I didn't expect the whole Angela situation to happen, that connection. The reason why I was here the first time was to rekindle our friendship. And no matter what decision you make, I've always told you I've always cared about you. But I'm definitely gonna be with Angela. Yes, I'm definitely gonna be on her. I'm not gonna lie to you. - Right now, I'm thinking I'm happy, ex free, drama free, 'cause messy Nelson isn't in the house, or should I be the bigger person and let Nelson come into the house and be happy with Angela? This [bleep] is just [bleep] stressing me out. - Nurys, do you want to take me back up? Come on, baby, be the bigger person. - This is a hard decision, and honestly, I don't really know what to do. - ♪ - NURYS: You were hella messy with all the [bleep] That you were doing and saying to everybody. You didn't have my back on [bleep]. Right now, I'm thinking I'm happy, ex free, drama free 'cause messy Nelson isn't in the house, or should I be the bigger person and let Nelson come into the house and be happy with Angela? I don't know what to do. - You don't want to take me back up? - ♪ - Yeah. - [laughs] - Yeah, I'll take you back upstairs. I decided to bring Nelson back in because this 100% means I am completely over Nelson. I want him to be happy with someone else, and I want someone else to deal with all that baggage. It's only because I actually genuinely care about you and your happiness. And like I said, if I can't give that to you, I hope you can find that within someone else. - For her to come this far and have Angela's back, and let me back into this house, I have nothing but respect for her. You've definitely grown, Nurys. Take this bottle with us. - Oh, okay. - Yeah, because they're waiting for us up there. - Because I brought Nelson back into the house, I now have the power to eliminate an ex, and it's a really tough decision. - [gasps] - Look who's back! - [screams] - [laughs] - What, this dude is a clown! I mean, to see her with Nelson is kind of like a little bit of shock to me, but there's nothing good that can come from a relationship with Angela. Good luck, Nelson! - So I have another message in the bottle, but this time I'm gonna let Diandra read it. - Me? - NURYS: Yeah! - DIANDRA: We have another message in the bottle. And I'm like, what the [bleep] is about to go down? "Nurys has chosen to bring Nelson "back into the house for Angela. "As a result, Nurys, you must send home one ex immediately. Please choose now." - Holy [bleep]! - So obviously this decision is a little hard. - PEREZ: I am a little scared. [farts] - But I think what's best for the house-- I have all the power. I've been wanting this for a while. The mean girls always think that they have everything in control. Now it's up to me. I bet you guys never expected that. --And best for the relationships in this house is for... ...Maddie to go home. - Holy [bleep]! - Oof! - I don't blame Nurys on this one. I think Nurys is close with Nicole. She sees that Chad is struggling. Like, the longer Maddie stays in the house, the more drama there is between Chad and Maddie. - Sorry, Maddie, but I want Nicole and Chad to really work things out outside of this house. And you being here is not beneficial to their relationship, so... sorry. - I wanted this moment. You know, I wanted her gone. It's just I felt she started getting mean and snarky and stuff. And in my best interests of my relationship, she did need to go. - Well, it was nice knowing you, Maddie. [chuckles] - [laughter] - [bleep] - Damn, I'm about to kick your ass back [bleep] out here. - [bleep] - [laughs] [bleep] - ♪ - I'm just annoyed with, like-- I feel like that was kind of douchey of her. I don't need Chad. Obviously you're not confident in your relationship with Nicole, because I'm still the distraction. Chad and Nicole will not work because deep down, he does have feelings for me. I don't want to cry on camera. - NARRATOR: Coming up-- - WOMAN: We're back! - Welcome back to the beach, baby! - ♪ I know, I know, I know ♪ ♪ Walking in this party, and I'm way cooler-- ♪ - How are you feeling now? - Happy as [bleep]. - Biggest smile, you're glowing. - Thanks to that one right there. - Look at this maturity! - We're growing. - Yes, we're growing. - Do you see that? Nurys is just a better woman than me for bringing Nelson back up. She didn't have to. We've had our ups and downs. And if the tables were turned, and it was me down in that shack bringing up someone from her, I might not have done it. Actually, I'm pretty sure I wouldn't have. - This is another happy love triangle. - This is progress. Do you see the maturity? - [unintelligible] another elimination. - Oh! Whoo! - I'm waving the white flag. - Sheesh. - I might crush her. - Oh, yeah? - I might crush her. - Malcolm, isn't his-- you know what you talked about before? - This is not a three-way. At this point with me and Malcolm, I feel like what we have is real. He's honestly becoming my best friend at this point, and I love it. I do feel like I am willing now to trust him. - Straight line! - A two-way or a no way. This is not a three-way. - NARRATOR: One threesome coming right up! It's just not the one you're expecting. - MORGAN: Draw me! - I'm scared. - Chad, who knew you were such an artiste? - Boom. That's you. - That's me? A pickle? - You're a pickle. - [laughter] - I'm a dill pickle? - Yeah. - [laughs] - Wait, draw me. - Hold on. - Why am I a dill pickle? - 'Cause you're, like, a fun pickle. - You're sour and people like to bite you. - You're a happy pickle at that. - Here you go, Morgan. - Your tits! - [laughter] - You're so weird. - [sighs] I have to take a stand, Chad-- don't talk to her like that! - CHAD: So it's, like, day three now without Nicole, and there's just nothing more to do in the house, you know? We've already bro'd out. - Pose number one-- go! Ooh, obliques. Pose number two! Ooh, solid bicep. Pose number three. Double bicep. Pose number four! Superman. - It's a cookietini. I really just want my girl back, you know? With the final elimination - coming up, the end is near.! - If we all give a crush to someone, all of those people are safe. The people who don't have crushes-- - Right. - Yes, crush. - I've never seen that happen before. - Everyone we give a crush. It'll either be a tie or it'll go the exes, and then they could tie itup. - Okay, so each of us give a crush, and then between those people, they get a-- - It's never been just one crush-- - We're all gonna be like no cuts! - We're gonna say all love. - It's all love. - [shouting] - It's all love, baby! - MAYA: With this being the last elimination, we all decided to switch it up. I'm queen of cutting, and for once I want to show some love. So we all decide to crush people that either we are together with or people that we had a problem with, but we want to squash it. - There he is. - So we came up with this plan to crush everyone, and then we make the exes decide. - MORGAN: We feel like we could end on a positive note, crush everyone. - So [unintelligible] it up today? - Exes, but-- - But there's still-- It's not gonna end on a positive note. Someone's gonna be voted out. And I don't have anyone to crush on. So I could just cut somebody. - Crush Corey? - Basically because all you guys wanna crush, and I'm gonna do the opposite. What do you say? - There it is. - That sounds about right. - Actually, that makes sense. - Every time I've ever wanted you to cut, you crush. - Can we cut Cory tonight, please? Corey never goes with the group. He is so annoying. - So when they are asked, because you know they ask "Who cut me?" - Alright. - Alright. Fine. I support it. I'm gonna need that same energy. - And I'll support you on that cut, too. - So we have a game plan, then, you know? - Perfect. - So, like, you suck, but whatever. - Don't care what you think, Morgan. - We can't win with this guy. So we're letting him do what he wants, and we're just gonna crush who we need to crush, and that's it. And whoever he cuts, he cuts. - Yeah. - NARRATOR: Corey plays by Corey's rules. - Two, three... - ALL: Crush! - MORGAN: And then there's Corey. Alright, well, that was good. - God, Morgan's so annoying. - Why? - 'Cause she's just an idiot. I can't wait until we get out of here just to get away from her. It's a good thing she chose a dude from "Survivor" 'cause I couldn't survive a month with her. - I'm actually waiting on the cooking. - We could talk now or after you're done, I don't care. - We can talk now. - ANGELA: Both of us played a role in the demise of our relationship. I cheated. He stole from me. Ew, I'm, like, shaking. Ew! - First, I want to start off by apologizing to you, telling you I'm sorry for the way I treated you. You were there for me. You moved across country to live with me. And... I did you wrong, you know, for-- What's wrong? Are you okay? - If you're still so emotionally invested in someone, you still kind of care for them someway, somehow. That's why I always told Morgan, like, why are you upset that Corey Brooks is walking around? Because you care. So... Angela might still like Tor'i. - I appreciate your apology. [sniffs] - I know I have to live in this house with Angela. So I'll say sorry as many times as I need to. I know that ultimately, it'll make my stay a little bit easier. You know, I know we were going through our struggles, but to know that, like, you stepped outside of what we had, like, I would never do that to you. - And I apologize. It was wrong. I shouldn't have done it. - I don't know where to go from here. I just know I do still care about you. - Maybe because we had so much chemistry during our relationship, that's kind of hard to just disappear. But my heart is still with Nelson. It's just.. the [bleep] situation. [sniffs] Okay. - I appreciate you. Yeah, come here. - [laughs] - Come here, doll. - Ahh, stretch hug. - ♪ - Last one, last one. - ♪ - We're sending out love today. I don't want to lose my workout partner Monte. And so I'm giving him a crush vote. - COREY: As far as I know, everyone's crushing, and I've got the only cut vote in the house. And I kinda feel like it's, you know, between Perez and maybe Tor'i. And I don't know. I mean, I'm not sure. I'm torn. - ♪ - Yes, Sir! - ♪ - PEREZ: So tonight's the final elimination. Me and Tur'I are highest on the chopping block right now-- Mainly, in my situation, because of the lack of connections that I've made. But it would be unfortunate 'cause I would like to stay, I'm having a good time, and I've enjoyed my time here. - TUR'I: This is the beginning of a fresh start for Angela and I. It really feels like I'm on the chopping block. I don't want to go home because I don't have to avoid her anymore, so that makes my time here a lot more fun. I get to enjoy myself now. Hopefully I get to hit it off with someone else. - ♪ - What up, what up, everybody? - [applause] - Welcome to the last elimination. - [whistles] - Whoo! - Whoo! - How are y'all feeling? - [applause] - Y'all looking a little empty over there. - Keep kicking everybody out. - [laughter] - Keep kicking everyone out. - Now, y'all thought that y'all was going to party in a sick Malibu pad, and you weren't expecting your exes to come ruin your good time, right? But the time has come to stop running from your past and face it. And at the end of your journey here, you'll be going through the ultimate test, which will finally answer the question, are you really over your ex? Y'all got it? - ALL: Yes, Sir! - Well, it's that time again where we send one of you home. Now, earlier today, the singles voted for which ex they wanted to cut or crush. Exes, one by one you'll come forward to the pink pineapples, and I'll count how many crush votes you have, how many cut votes you've receive. The ex with the most cut votes has gotta go. They'll be leaving. Now, a reminder-- a crush vote cancels out a cut vote. Hopefully some of y'all got in enough crush votes to keep yourself safe tonight. Well, let's get to it. Diandra, Darian. You ain't got nothing in your pineapples, which means you are good. - [applause] - Nelson, Monte, JD, Jay, Murray, Rob, and Nurys-- Y'all have a crush vote. - [applause] - Which means you are safe. - Can I ask who crushed me? Aw! Can I give you a hug? - A lot of love is in the air, baby! Y'all are giving the positive energy. We got seven crushes. This looks like it's going towards maybe a tie. That's history, which means one vote is left. Which one of y'all wanna go next? Why you looked at that-- - [laughs] - Perez, step up to your pineapple. I mean, if it's a crush, it's a eight-way tie-- The first in history. If that's the case, the remaining exes will decide in. Alright, let's get to it. You definitely got a chip in there. - It's a cut. - Ahhh... - Yeah, I'm sorry to say, Perez, but your time here has come to an end. - MALCOLM: Perez? I thought he left already. I mean, for real, that boy just did nothing but nap all day in the damn sun. - Now, for the rest of you, your time here will be coming to an end soon. The final crush ceremony is right around the corner, so it's time to figure out where your heart lies. But with that being said, this was an amazing night, great energy. Keep it going, and have a good night. Enjoy, alright? - [cheers and applause] - Bye, Perez! - Bye, Perez! - As soon as I get home, I'm gonna get lipo on my hips... [bleep] that up. Gonna get myself some new shoes. I'm also gonna make a quiche of my own. Rob makes fantastic quiche. I want to try and make it as well. I am going to [bleep] until my hands bleed. Like, I'm just really gonna-- I'm gonna go for it. I owe that to myself. - NARRATOR: I'm pretty sure that's illegal in all 50 states. With Perez out of the house, there's some extra room, and some familiar faces are rolling in with the tide just in time to answer the question, are you really over your ex? - ♪ - WOMEN: We're back! - WOMAN: Bitches! - NARRATOR: On the season finale of Ex on the Beach, the relation[bleep] hits the fan. - [laughs] - WOMAN: [sobs] This is so embarrassing! - Are you in love with Jay? - Will you be faithful to Maya? - Go get your next pineapple. - [unintelligible] in the light. - No one's talking to you, mother[bleep]! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 