Ex on the Beach: Season 2, Episode 15 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ex on the Beach 
 s2e15 - Reunion Special - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ex on the Beach (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 15 - Reunion Special - full transcript 
 After a turbulent season, the singles and exes reunite for the first time to rehash this season's biggest hookups, breakups, and betrayals. The cast will reveal if they are still in love or decided to say f love since the season ended. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - MALE ANNOUNCER: Tonight, the singles and the exes reunite to air out all their dirty laundry. Get ready for a night full of sass-- - I'm a bad bitch, am I? Thank you! - ANNOUNCER: --shade-- - Oh, you [bleep] for free. - ANNOUNCER: --and ass. - When your ass moves like this, come talk to me. - AUDIENCE: [cheers and applause] - I know what real looks like, and that's flat. - ANNOUNCER: Find out why some of our singles went from having 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 a Mali-boo to a resting beach face. - That's [bleep] bull [bleep]! - Did you cheat on Maya with a porn star? - ANNOUNCER: Who's still in love? - I know he loves me more than anything and anyone. - ANNOUNCER: And who's saying [bleep] love? - Oh my god! - ANNOUNCER: We're looking for the truth, and ex marks the spot. - Don't ever talk to me again. - Y'all ready to hear the truth? - AUDIENCE: [cheers and applause] - ANNOUNCER: Plus, the moment no one saw coming. - Who the [bleep] you talking to? Don't ever-- - [indistinct yelling] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - [thunderclap] - ANNOUNCER: The "Ex on the Beach Reunion" starts now. - [cheers and applause] - Welcome to Spring Break Presents "Ex on the Beach" Reunion. It's your man, Romeo. And helping me hold it down is the one-and-only Justina Valentine. What's good, J? - I mean, who better to host the show about love than Romeo and Valentine? You're damn right! Now, your girl also likes a little bit of the drama, so I brought the message in a bottle all the way from Malibu. So messages--yeah, be scared. Be very scared. So messages can pop up at any time about anyone and about anything. But before we get messy, let's say what's up to the singles. Y'all give it up for Farrah, Cheyenne, Maya, Jozea, Angela, Chad, Malcolm, Nicole, Janelle, Cory, and Morgan. - [cheers and applause] - That's a lot of singles. But we got so many exes in the building, we couldn't fit them all on one couch. Repping for the exes to kick things off are Nelson, Jay, Diandra, and Rob. We've also got some chilling over there in the ex pit. Say what up to Nurys, Darian, Kareem-- - AUDIENCE: [cheers and applause] - ROMEO: --Murray, and Simon. Now, even more exes will be joining us throughout the show. Now, last time I saw everyone, a lot of y'all were in love. By a show of hands, I wanna know who still feels that way. - I'm still in love. - Put your hand down. - Put my hand down. - ANNOUNCER: Looks like Angela and Nelson and Janelle and Darian are still surfing the wave of love. Let's hope the reunion doesn't sink their relationship. Everyone else's love crumbled like a sandcastle. Time to find out why they're still salty. - Jozea [bleep] love? But, Rob, what do you have to say to that? - I'm happy myself. - JUSTINA: Happy by yourself. - Yeah. - Farrah, are you surprised these couples didn't make it? - No, I'm not surprised, no. - No? Like, Jozea and Rob looked like they were kind of going strong. - Yeah, it was so weird when I was seeing Rob, like, making out with a girl and stuff like that. Like, if you're into a man, I mean, I'd be damned if somebody I was there did that to me. So I love everyone as they are, but there's just rules of how to keep a relationship together. - We're gonna dive into all of that in a little. - Alright, alright, that's cool. - Now, Malibu is always hot and sunny. But things got cold thanks to the shade thrown by the singles and exes. - I was most shocked by the girls when they were unmasked. I thought they might be prettier, but then it was, like, a different situation. - Okay, Farrah, do you really think the other ladies in the house aren't beautiful? - Sure they are, yeah. - Oh, you do think they're beautiful? - Yes, they are. - Well, now that she's here and-- - Did you ask me or did you ask her? - Well, I can answer whenever I want to answer 'cause you're on my show, okay? This isn't you're all that. You're all that. - Since we're at the reunion, what is it with y'all two ladies? Why don't y'all like each other? - I don't like how she speaks to people in general. - She doesn't like me, I don't like her, let's move on. - Good, good. - Alright, since we got that figured out. - When your ass moves like this, come talk to me. - AUDIENCE: [cheers and applause] - No ass! There's, like, no ass. - I see y'all. I see y'all, Cory. - JUSTINA: Well, I want to learn that move later. - I know what real looks like, and that's flat. - Look, in the finale, each of you confronted the ultimate truth by taking a lie detector test. Let's get into those results. Now, Morgan, you said you were completely over Cory, but the results show something different. Do you still have feelings for him? - I don't know. I feel like if you have a past with someone, maybe there's always gonna be, like, some kind of glimmer. Maybe that's what showed up on the test. But no, Cory Brooks, I think our time is officially completely over. - On to Bananas, right? - AUDIENCE: Whoa! - ANNOUNCER: Whoa, whoa, whoa, let's rewind. First, Morgan fell in love with Jay. But then she got distracted by Cory's good looks and made out with him. Then, she decided to give Jay another shot and made him her boyfriend. She and Jay left the house together. But rumor has it they broke up, and now she's getting her vitamin D from Johnny Bananas from "The Challenge." Yup, the same Johnny Bananas that Angela hooked up with while dating Tur'i. Got it? Buckle up, Morgan! Tonight's gonna get bumpy. - Are you and Bananas canoodling? - Here's the thing, is I already had one relationship put in the public eye. You clearly have seen how people get involved and it gets messy. I will say that I'm very happy with how I am in my life now, and I don't feel the need to expose more personal details and relationship. - Let me ask you a question. Jay, what is your reaction to Morgan and her new relationship with Bananas? - Enjoy your potassium. I don't know. - Enjoy your potassium? Alright. - ROMEO: Well, I got a question. It's for Janelle. Your results revealed that you were lying when you said Darian wouldn't cheat on you. Since the show ended, what has he done to prove that he's committed? - Well... I would like to think that Darian-- He worships the ground that I walk on, 'cause he realizes that I'm a good [bleep] woman. I am faithful. I am loyal. I'm a ride-or-die bitch. You will never upgrade after me ever. And, um, he shows me that he loves me ever day, so, yeah. - ROMEO: Whoa. - JUSTINA: Sock it. So, Darian, you've been a good boy since the house? - 100%. Like, she makes me a better person every single day. And the one thing I really regret was just completely embarrassing her on the show-- - Thank you. - DARIAN: --by my own actions. - Do it! - That's [bleep] I'll never be able to take back. - I see my girl Nurys over there, making a couple of faces. Talk to us. - I mean, yeah, he was not faithful to her, so that's that. There's proof of that. - JUSTINA: You have receipts. - I have receipts. 100%. - Bring 'em out, bitch. - I don't need to bring 'em out. You know it. You know it yourself. Why are you trying to lie? - JANELLE: Bring them out. - So I'll comment on that. We sent Janelle a picture of me on a couch looking at a girl's phone, looking at a girl's phone. - Darian, do not [bleep]-- Do not [bleep]! Sorry, but he [bleep] [bleep] another bitch at a [bleep] party. - Prove it. Prove it! - Bring it up! - Pull it up! Let me see it! - You wish! You wish! You wish you had a [bleep]-- - You are [bleep] amazing! You are too good for him! I don't know how you don't realize that! - AUDIENCE: [cheers and applause] - JUSTINA: Alright, guys, we're gonna get into the details of Janelle and Darian's relationship a little bit later on, 'cause it's definitely a hot topic. But we need to keep it moving. Okay, Cheyenne, what were you thinking when two of Murray's results come back inconclusive? - Uh, I honestly, with Murray, wasn't surprised by that fact. - JUSTINA: Weren't surprising? - It's kind of the results I've been getting from him since day one, a lot of inconclusive. - Within 24 hours of getting out of that house, you were already having sex with other people. - Who am I--I can do whatever I want, sleep with whoever I want when I'm single. - But at least wait 24 [bleep] hours. - Cheyenne, is that true? - Give me a day, girl. - Oh, I can definitely confirm that I had sex when I got out of the house. Was it with Murray? No. - Now, the drama that started in the house continued after everyone left Malibu. Let's dive into what happened once the cameras stopped rolling. This is cross-examination. Chad, Nicole posted videos of you drunk on Instagram. What do you have to say to her? - I'm saying [bleep] this, [bleep] that, [bleep] her, [bleep] everyone. I'm getting the [bleep] Out of here if you guys air that [bleep] [bleep]. That's [bleep] bull [bleep]. - AUDIENCE: Whoa! - You would do that [bleep] to me? Put that out there? - [shouting, arguing] - You feel better? Do you feel better? - Don't ever [bleep] talk to me like that! - [indistinct yelling] - He ain't gonna [bleep] treat me like that. - JUSTINA: Okay, okay, okay. Things are getting [bleep] too heated here, guys. We're gonna calm things down and we'll be right back. - ANNOUNCER: Coming up, if you thought that was crazy, we're about to crank things up to 100. - If you're gonna talk about her, talk about her in the right way. She's not here. - I would say that to her face. She's a trashy bitch. - I could've had sex with her, but I didn't. - There's two sides of Farrah. - I think I have more sides than two. - ♪ - [whirring] - [bleep] no! - [thunderclap] - [thunderclap] - ANNOUNCER: Welcome back to the "Ex on the Beach" reunion. Here's where we left off. Chad and Nicole got into a screaming match about the embarrassing video she posted of him online. Nicole gave Chad a piece of her mind before storming out like it was the pink party. - NICOLE: I can't handle a man screaming and doing this in my [bleep] face, and thinking, like, I'm just not gonna react. That's [bleep] crazy to me. I know she was pushing my buttons to get me to do something. Like, why? - Now, first off, Chad, are you good? - Feel good. - ROMEO: Yeah? - Feel fine. - Okay, now, things got intense. And here at MTV, we do not condone violence. Now, because of what happened with Nicole, we will not let her be allowed to return to set. Justina is backstage with her right now, trying to get some answers. Safe to say, you and Nicole are not together anymore? - I would say we're not exactly on speaking terms. - ROMEO: Not exactly? - Not quite. - So let us know what happened out there. - I [bleep] up. I shouldn't have put my hands on him. And for that, I am sorry. And I wish I could tell him that to his face, but can't do that. But I'm not gonna stand for a guy getting in my face, screaming, pointing his [bleep] finger in my face over something he put on the internet, and I just brought to light because he has issues. - What happened after the house? - She got mad 'cause I didn't talk to her enough. Uh, she started talking to other guys. I slowed up on talking to her. She was talking to her ex, Nate, every day, who all the while was telling me he was hooking up with her. Couldn't get her to stop talking to him, 'cause obviously that's upsetting. So the breaking point was probably we flew down-- Or I flew down to Miami. And the whole time, she was Snapchatting other dudes. - Like, did you think that Nicole was possibly cheating on you? - Yeah, I think 100%. - It all went downhill when he was ignoring me, not speaking to me. You're sending me two or three texts a day. You live in I.A. I live in Florida. Like, what's the [bleep] deal? - So it was like once you left the house, it was just, like, the magic was gone, whatever magic was there. - I broke up with him because I just wasn't feeling it anymore and he was persistently asking me to, like, "Give me a chance, give me a chance. I wanna make it work." So I'm, like, thinking, stupidly, okay, let me give you a chance. Maybe we'll make it work. And during the time of us figuring things out, he was on Bumble, talking to other girls, while in my area. And then I found out that he also was hitting on my ex's ex-fiancée. - Well, once we broke up, I hit up his ex-fiancée. And I could've had sex with her, but I didn't. - You couldn't afford that. - Wait, wait, Chad. So you hit up Nate's ex-fiancée? - Yeah - He got a hard-on for me. - Did she respond? - Yeah, for sure. It was New Year's night. - What did she say? - She said some stuff. I'm not gonna-- - [laughs] Nothing. She said, "Oh, yeah, I'm going out tonight. How about you?" Oh, you [bleep] wheeled that, bro. Oh, you had that in [bleep] the bag, didn't you? - Hey, you don't know [bleep], man. - I have a receipt of it. - Well, we got Maddie here, Chad's ex. Now, Maddie, what did you think when you came into the house and saw Chad and Nicole in a serious relationship? - I was kind of shocked that he was in a serious relationship. "Serious relationship." But I knew it wasn't gonna last. - So why do you think Maddie treated you the way she did the second she walked in the house? - She was just so upset that Chad didn't want her. "I'm just gonna say she ain't [bleep]. "She's ghetto. She's trashy. "She's this. She's that. She's fake. She's gross." Everything in the book to bring me down to uplift her self-esteem. But in reality, she loses, because it just shows how insecure you are about yourself. - Maddie, I heard that Nicole leaked your number online. Is that true? - Yeah, that's true. She--one of the tea accounts, I guess, told her I was talking [bleep] about her on my vlog, which I wasn't doing that yet--'til after she did this. And then she went and sent them text messages, of her saying she's gonna smack me to this tea account, and didn't hide my number with my name. - No, Maddie. Yo, you literally hit up Nicole saying, "Hey, your makeup looks so good." - Because I was trying to be cool with her! And then she started talking [bleep]. - Everything was fine, and then you, out of nowhere, start going online, throwing [bleep] at Nicole. - No, I wasn't! - That was way after Nicole had been blasting her constantly. Maddie would say one comment, and then she would go blow it up and send it to tea pages, and start all these wars online. - I wish Nicole was here. - So let's talk about Maddie a little bit. You posted her phone number on social media. - I posted her number in a group chat with people that don't care about her. No one called her. - So it wasn't on social media? - No. - I thought it was on Instagram. - No, she likes to exaggerate things. She loves to hate me, but does not want to admit that she was low key trying to be nice to me in text messages and I posted that. Like, she's a clout chaser. She wants attention. She wants to be on TV. And her claim to fame is riding Chad's coattail. - So was there anything else that you would want to tell Chad today? - There was genuine love there on my end. And I don't want to get emotional, but I truly hope that he finds happiness in his life. I do. - That's nice. - And I wish him nothing but the best. And... it's just unfortunate the way everything went down. - Is there anything else that you would say to Maddie? - The one thing that I would tell Maddie is good luck in life, and I hope you don't choke. Like, that girl's evil. - I mean, she's a violent bitch, is what I think. - Oh, she's a bitch 'cause she's not here. - Well, she's not wrong. - She's a trashy bitch! - Don't do that! - I would say that to her face. She's a trashy bitch. - Jozea, just stop, you look so stupid right now, man. - She's talking about my friend! What the [bleep] you talking about? - Would you shut up and let me talk? - She's not here! - And that's her fault! - If you're gonna talk about her, talk about her in the right way. She's not here. I don't like how you move. I don't, because what you do is you come into a show like this, you give a smile. "Oh, I'm friendly, I'm friendly." Then behind closed doors, you want, "Oh, that bitch, and that bitch, and that bitch, and that bitch." But you can't do it to nobody's face. - Pretty sure I wasn't rude to anybody except Nicole. - You guys literally get on live constantly. She went on [bleep] live talking about some "I'm bringing receipts [bleep] reunion." - I didn't say [bleep] about bringing any receipts. - "I'm bringing the receipts to the reunion, "what I'm about to do Rob, spilling all my [bleep] tea on the [bleep] page, bitch." Don't be spilling my [bleep] [bleep] 'Cause your storyline is dry and done. Done! Just like your face! - How old are you? - I'm [bleep] 27. - Well, you act like you're 12. - And you look 50! - No one cares. - I gave you my Christian Dior foundation to wear on the [bleep] show, bitch, don't try it. A lot of it! - We're all wearing makeup right now [bleep]! - You sure are! - You look like a cactus right now! - I'm a bad bitch! I'm a bad bitch, am I? Thank you! - CROWD: [cheers and applause] - And what the [bleep] you look like? - Shut up, bro. - Shut the [bleep] up! - ROMEO: Alright, alright, everybody. We've got a lot more relationships we need to break down. Stick around. This is "Ex on the Beach: The Reunion." - Tell us one nice thing about Simon. - He is out of my life. - AUDIENCE: [laughter] - Obviously, I wasn't gonna put my vagina on the internet like you would. - We've got the lie detector. - Y'all ready to hear the truth? - [thunderclap] - [thunderclap] - [cheers and applause] - Welcome back. It's Spring Break here at MTV. What better way to celebrate than with the kings and queens of Malibu. The stage is filled with exes and singles. Joining us now in the ex pit, say what's up to Sha. - Welcome, welcome. Now, there was one single in the house who was more interested in sleeping than finding love. But that didn't stop her from speaking her mind and clapping back. Take a look. - Ladies and gentlemen, we have a stage-four diva. - Surprise! - Farrah's being a prima donna. - Looks like we do not have, like, towels in here. I feel like I can't [bleep] live. - Farrah thinks she's over here on the A list. - I am probably the largest star on the show. - Z list for you. - The whole thing with, uh, Nazarian or whatever her name is-- - WOMAN: What is her name? - Nazar--N--Na-- Something with an N. - Farrah, Jay-- - I'm just not gonna touch people. - Oh! - FARRAH: I wasn't woken up today. I was told I'd be woken up at 7 a.m. No one gives a [bleep]. It's disrespectful. - I wish I had a mirror so you can see yourself talking right now. - Good, and I would actually be happier looking at me than you. Don't worry! I don't know why the [bleep] you're a rude-ass bitch. - Farrah, no. Farrah, no. Farrah, no! - [bleep] [bleep] [bleep]! - You're a disgusting trash-ass whore! - You ugly-ass bitch! - CROWD: [cheers and applause] - Okay, Farrah, have you figured out how to say her name, the girl right there in the red? - FARRAH: No, no. - You know how to say it. - --Is so fabulous. She can fix her vagina. - But in all the interviews she knows how to say my name every time she was talking [bleep]. But now you don't know how to say my name. - JUSTINA: One at a time. Maybe if you repeat after me. - I'm not, so I-- My mouth doesn't-- Form or go that direction. But thank you for that. - Jozea, you've always been Team Farrah. Why did you guys click? - Man, I relate to Farrah because I felt like Farrah was more--she was there for more than just love. She was there for self-love. - Now, Simon, is what we saw of Farrah what she's like in y'all relationship? - You know, there's two sides to Farrah. I mean, for the camera, she definitely turns it a bit. - There's only two sides? I think I have more sides than two. - So, Farrah, can you tell us one nice thing right now about Simon? Just one. - He is out of my life. That is so nice. - Was there anything you were hoping to get out of going into the house? - No, I just wanted to give her the head's up on why she hasn't found a good person in her life, like a solid relationship. - There's no head's up you can give. - Hang on, let me finish. I'm not here to bring you down or anything. I'm just giving you good advice. - You can't. - The problem is, is that-- Okay, I mean, it is what it is. All I'm saying is that she needs to be more authentic with herself. - I am all about being genuine, authentic, especially with my child, especially with everything I live my life, too. Thank you. - So that's what you think is stopping Farrah from finding love? - She has this guard up. She's got this shell up. And she just, you know--and I get it. I get it, you know? She's got people around her that are trying to knock on her door and using her for stuff. I get that. - Including you. - I don't need nothing. I've been a millionaire before. I don't need that. - Wait, you're a schmillionaire? - But I like billionaires now. - You like billionaires? - Yeah. - Are you still in love with her? - I still got love for Farrah, yeah. - You don't know what love is. - Farrah, at times, Janelle and Maya had to push you to talk to Simon. Why were you so reluctant to talk to him? - What is the words that my lovely ladies say to me? Fake the funk? - Sometimes you gotta do it in life. - And I just really--you know, I love being called shady, and I'm fake, and I'm this. But I really, really don't like to fake the funk... at all. It's hard! - Break it down. What's faking the funk? - Faking the funk is acting like you like somebody when you know you can't stand their ass. - So you feel you have to fake liking Simon? But you did date for some time. You had to have had some good times throughout the relationship. - Yeah, we had good times. - I think I always have good times. If I'm a part of it, I'm [bleep] great time. - Alright, now, Farrah, let's talk about your karate kick below the belt. You have really good aim if you were, in fact, aiming for the vagina. - You shouldn't have [bleep] hit that bitch. - Were you aiming for the vagina? - Maybe my kick didn't kick her mouth, it hit some other lips. Like, I just don't know! - JUSTINA: You were happy with either of the lips. - ROMEO: That's the bruise right there. - That was right here on my thigh. Like, that was because she kicked me with heels on 'cause she's a [bleep] bleep], you know? - FARRAH: Thigh or the crotch? - Do you want to see my vagina, too? Because bitch, obviously I wasn't gonna put my vagina on the internet like you would. So I'm sorry. Like, I'm sorry. - [shouting] - Would you like me to show you? Would you like me to show you? Farrah, what if someone kicked your daughter in the vagina? What if somebody kicked your daughter in the vagina? - I would beat their [bleep] ass and drag them. - Okay, well, I hope that happens to her. I hope that happens to her. - You know what? You want to bring up my daughter? Good luck to you. I will handle your [bleep] disgusting tramp ass. - Thank you! - Don't worry, honey. - Alright. It doesn't look like these two are gonna be friends anytime soon. - Coming up, we'll talk about a relationship that fell apart once they left the house and reality set in. - ANNOUNCER: Grab your popcorn. This is getting good. - I do do massage, and I do it naked. - "Did you cheat on me after we left the show?" - Run me my mother [bleep] money, bitch. - [thunderclap] - ♪ - [cheers and applause] - Welcome back to" Ex on the Beach: The Reunion." So let's go and dive into the couple that was drunk in love. I'm talking about Rob and Jozea--AKA, Rozea. - ♪ Are you ready for it ♪ ♪ - Jozea, why were you so excited to see Rob? - I haven't seen him in a very long time. So when he came up on the beach, I was like, [bleep], okay, well, you know, all these emotions came through, and I was just, like, okay. - Rob, did you show up to the beach wanting to rekindle with Jozea? - Actually, like he said, it was just something that, like, this has been going on for ten years. So it was, like, we just needed to [bleep] off the pot. Like, this is ridiculous, you know what I mean? We need to find out whether we're good together and it's gonna work. And if that's the case, then we need make some compromises and, like, actually make this work. Or, if this is, like, how things are, we're just making excuses, and we shouldn't be together, you know what I mean? - Do you think that the experience on "Ex on the Beach" helped you guys? - I will say in our predicament, it actually brought things to surface and made us, like, deal with issues. - Jozea and Rob were one of the strongest couples in the house. But during the animal party, Rob turned into a dog, ditching Jozea to lick barbecue sauce off Morgan's boobs. Let's take a look. - MAN: Two... one! Oh! - I mean, a club soda and vodka, whatever the hell, just bring me something. I'm thirsty! - Rob, you were supposed to be getting Jozea drunk. How did you end up in a three-way kiss? - Um, not a waiter. Um, and I got my own drink and went and had my own fun. - Okay, you do your own thing at that party. Listen, let me tell you something. What I don't--I don't [bleep] [bleep] is disrespect, and you need to watch yourself. Don't play with me, because the last time I checked, you were my mother [bleep] man in the house, was he not? - Yeah. - Was he not? - He was yours. - Okay. So like I said-- Like I said, I did not-- And I'm gonna say this in the nicest way I can. - I'm not owned, baby. - --heated as hell right now, but I'm gonna try to say this nic to both of you ladies. Now, me and Morgan spoke about it yesterday, so I don't have to address her now. But Diandra, I felt, as a gay man, that I don't care if I'm transgender, gay, straight, woman--I don't give a [bleep]. You should never lay your lips on him, and he should never lay your lips you, and just like you should never lay your lips on Morgan. I felt disrespected. If I was a girl, you know damn well that whole scenario would've went another way. You know it. Now because I'm a guy, I have to watch what I have to say to you, because it's really pissing me off. - Okay, well, that's--thank goodness you brought that up, because I genuinely apologize to you because I should not have done that. - Thank you, thank you. - [applause] - Alright, Rob, walk us through why you and Jozea broke up in the first place. - I felt like we just started, like-- Two people want to be together. They're holding hands. They're walking down the path. I just felt like our paths got so far away from each other, we couldn't hold hands anymore. Like, we weren't really good for each other. That's--that's how I felt. - Well, I have a little different story about that. Um, he seems to have temporary amnesia. Why we really broke up was because his birthday came up around December-ish, correct? Am I right? Okay. So, like, he never [bleep] text me, do you want to hang out? Nothing. So everything was good. So I said, you know what? I'm a bad bitch. I'm not gonna [bleep] sit here and going back and forth. He's not asking me to go chill with him, I'm gonna do my thing and do me. I got dressed. Before I walked out the door, my phone goes ding. So I look at my phone and I sit down and it was my mother [bleep] Twitter. I look and it's a picture of him naked on the bed. Rent "masseusers" -- - I do do massage, and I do it naked. Um, so, that's what it is. I am not an escort. But also, I do not shame escorts or anybody in porn. I think porn is awesome. - He told me he was a digital-- He was in digital marketing. So now I found out what digital marketing was. - Well, he's marketing something. - He's marketing that [bleep]. - I also do graphic design. - Jozea, do you think you could ever trust Rob again? - How can you trust somebody when you constantly ask them over and over, "Hey, did you do this?" I sent him so many messages. "Was this you? Are you sure? Are you sure?" "No, this is not me. This is not me." - I think we probably have different stories. - I mean, it is what it is. Can we pull it up? Pull it up! - [siren wails] - [indistinct yelling] - [bleep]. - Y'all know we got a message-- - They know what that means. - The most miserable sound. - Alright. - Pull that bottle up, baby. - Jozea? - What's up? - JUSTINA: "The message in the bottle isn't the only surprise "we brought from Malibu. "Real love doesn't lie, even under pressure. To help you get to the truth, we've brought the lie detector." - Bring it out! Bring it out! Bright that mother [bleep] out! - Lie detectors today. - Bring that mother [bleep] out right now! - Okay, Jozea? - Bring that bitch out. - Jozea, do you want Rob to take another lie detector test? - Oh, definitely. - Will the truth lead them back together, or will Rob's deepest secrets tear them apart? Find out next. - [cheers and applause] - Who you slept with? - I hope you didn't get his checkbook wet, because he owes me money. - I'm in a love triangle? What are you talking about? - [thunderclap] - ANNOUNCER: Welcome back to the reunion. Rob's secret life as a massage therapist rubbed Jozea the wrong way. Good thing we have a lie detector handy. - Jozea, the floor is yours, my brother. - Y'all ready to hear the truth? - [cheers and applause] - Alright, let's make this [bleep] happen. Question number one, "Do you still love me?" - [cricket chirps] - Of course, I'll always love you. - Aww! - [applause] - Robbie! - "You sent me nude photos. Have you sent those pictures to anyone else?" - No. No. - You know you're lying, Rob. Whenever you have good nudie, you send it out to everyone. - ROB: I plead the fifth. - "Did you cheat on me after we left the show?" - Yes. - Right. - Who the [bleep] you cheated on me with? I'm not playing with you. Bitch, I'm not [bleep]. I'm not taking [bleep] nothing. Who the [bleep] you cheated on me with? - If you want to address me like an adult-- - Jozea, please sit down, babe. Thank you. - Who you slept with?! - I didn't say I slept with somebody. I kissed somebody else. - Who? - It was a drunk kiss. - Who? - It was a friend. - Who [bleep] your friend? - ROB: I'm not gonna tell you. - That's alright. You know what? I'm sorry about that. It's alright. But you a punk-ass bitch. I'm done this [bleep]. - Rob, is there anything about that you want to say? - I didn't want to come here. I just said that. - If I'm being honest, as the host, it's really sad to see you guys fell, you know? - He cheated! - From being on the show-- - Are you over your ex? - Finished. Finished. Finished. Done! - Done, done. - Finished. - Okay, I hear you. - Let's switch gears to our next single. - ♪ - My name is Angela. I am back, bitches! I'm here to save these boys from the lame girls in this house. So don't act surprised when I snatched up your man, okay? - ROMEO: Angela, what were you looking for this time around? - Um, well the first thing, I wanted to make sure I didn't do was hook up the first day and stay with that person the entire time. I wanted to test the waters and get to know everybody. That's why I took it really slow with my relationships and I got to know people. I was here for love, not to make friends. - ANNOUNCER: Last season, Angela left the house with a tan and a man. But that relationship ended when she accused Tur'i of stealing her money. - [ka-ching] - ANNOUNCER: When he appeared on the beach this season, she was looking for all his sand dollars. - Angela, what was going through your head when you saw Tur'i show up? - That I hope he didn't get his checkbook wet, because he owes me money. And where is he at today? Did he miss the bus? Does his bus pass not take him this far? Where you at, though? Where is he? Bum! - JUSTINA: Huh! So break down this money situation for us. What does he owe you for what? - He owes me a few thousand. He stole money directly from my PayPal. He was in charge of transferring money from my PayPal to my bank account when I was filming "The Challenge." And instead, he transferred it to his bank account and treated his damn self. So he owes me a chunk of money. And I broke it down for him, and he's like, "Oh, give me two months and I'll pay you back." Two months comes and goes. I hit him up. I'm blocked on everything. He disappears off the face of the earth. And the next time I see him is the on the [bleep] beach. So of course I'm gonna be mad. Of course I'm gonna want to knock him the [bleep] out. That's just how I am. You owe me money, bitch. - Right. - He still hasn't paid me back. - He explained it pretty well on the beach, though. He said it was, like, 300 bucks, and she had said that he was allotted that. Like, she told him he could use it for expenses. - And Chad, shut the [bleep] up. Don't talk about me. - I'm just telling you what Tur'i said. - It's not your place to relay any message. Pipe down! - I already did it, so-- - Well, no one gives a [bleep]. - JUSTINA: Alright, so let's keep it moving. So we reached out to him to see if he could send us a video message telling his side of the story, and he chose not to send a message. Now, we do have a never-before-seen moment from his lie detector test. Who wants to see that? - GROUP: Me! - AUDIENCE: [applause] - Let's take a look. - Did you ever steal money from Angela? - No. - Okay, well, we have the results. Tur'i was asked if he owes Angela money. He said no. The lie detector test said... that was a lie. - I [bleep] told you! I told everybody! - So if you could say anything to Tur'i, look into that camera and tell him. - I've said it before, and I'll say it again-- Run me my mother [bleep] money, bitch. - [ka-ching] - That's all! Run me my money! Run it! Run it! I don't want anything to do with you. Just run me my mother [bleep] money. - We'll dive into even more drama when we come back. Don't go nowhere. - Uh-oh! - [applause] - Hey, listen. We still have the lie detector test here. - Let's go! - No! - AUDIENCE: Whoa! - I'm just gonna take this off real quick. - [thunderclap] - ♪ - Hey, MTV! It's Angela and Jozea. - What's up? - We're in Cancun to hear spring breakers give us their best pickup lines. - BOTH: Let's go! - Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, we got a few questions. Hold on, hold on, go ahead. - What is your best pickup line? - Are you from Tennessee? 'Cause you're the only ten I see! - What is your best spring break pickup line? - You like Starbucks? 'Cause I like you a latte! - [screaming] - Angela, I'm no organ donor, but I would definitely give you my heart. - Aww! - Your room or mine? - Baby, are butt dialing me? Because I swear that ass be calling me. - Yeah! - Woo! - Ooh, baby, did you just fart? Because you blew me away. - [laughs] - We need to talk! - I guess what happens in Cancun doesn't stay in Cancun. - I guess not. - But we're gonna toss it back to you in the studio. - ♪ - [cheers and applause] - This is Spring Break Presents "Ex on the Beach Reunion." You just saw Angela and Jozea kicking their best spring break pickup lines. We're just trying to keep the peace between the singles and their exes. Now, some people only had to deal with an ex or two. Morgan had three, and things got messy. Let's take a look. - I am the world's biggest flirt. I have a lot of exes. I can't help it. When I see it's Jay, it's, like, a little bit of, like, a heart flutter. Like, ooh, okay. And here we are. - And I'm your favorite ex, right? - You're my only ex in here. - Take off your mask. - Cory! - [bleep] my life. - I think that there's more there between us than you and Jay. - Aaugh! - ♪ - That's not [bleep] kiss, bro. - She told you she didn't kiss anyone? - [sniffs] Aah! - Congratulations, "Ex on the Beach," you officially broke me. - Aww! Jay, Morgan and Cory kissed on the beach, but she told you she didn't kiss him back. You saw the video receipt. What was going through your head? - I was pissed 'cause I didn't trust my gut, I follow my gut always. So I was like, something's off. They kissed each other or something went down. I don't know what the [bleep] going on. She's like, "Oh, no, he kissed me. He kissed me." That's why I call it a sniper kiss, 'cause he's a tall-ass dude, and there was no way that he's gonna be able to get it, like, that quick from that height-- - He's like a giraffe. - I did, like, a diagram inside the booth. She obviously kissed him back, so it was, like-- - So Morgan, why did you lie to Jay about the Cory kiss? - I didn't think everyone was gonna watch this in the Shack of Secrets ever. But I should've been upfront, because in the end, what I thought was gonna help and benefit me and possibly him and save us drama ended up making it only worse. - Why did you guys break up? - As soon as I left the "Ex on the Beach" house, three days later, I left to go film "The Challenge." It took me going to the middle of nowhere, sitting by myself in a desert, and being like, "Okay, maybe I jumped into things a little too soon." I care about Jay as a person. We were not meant to be in a relationship. - Jay, are you pissed that she never gave you a chance? - I was pissed when we got out, because when we got out, we had three days. And she was, like, all about "The Challenge." And I was helping her [bleep] pack. I was helping her train. She was stressed out. I was de-stressing her as much as I could, and I was there for her the whole time. And then she went out on "The Challenge." Then the next thing I know, like, I get a phone call from her sister, like, "Oh, yeah, uh, "Morgan's on a two-week vacation with Johnny Bananas, so now you're kind of in a love triangle." I'm like, "What the [bleep]? I'm in a love triangle? What are you talking about?" - At what point did you tell Jay that it was over? - Jay broke up with me. I got kicked out of "The Challenge" house on October 29. November 2, I was about to leave to go to my next country to travel. Jay called me. He broke up with me. And that was that. And then I said-- - So at that point, had you hooked up with Bananas? - No. - Jay, do you believe her? - No. - There was no hooking up with Johnny Bananas. I don't care what anyone has to say. - JUSTINA: Jay, really quick. So you believe that Morgan cheated on you. - Yeah, I think she did. I think she's just holding it out so she doesn't hurt me because this is her kindhearted thing that she always does, but I think she did. - Jay, I would own 100% if I did cheat on you. I did not--I will give you the timeline breakdown of it all. - I hit you up and I'm like, "Yo, who are you going on this two week with?" Had you told me "Oh, I'm going with Bananas," I'd be like, cool, chill, not a big deal. But you kept everything a secret. And when you came back, you're like, "Oh yeah, by the way, I'm with, like, Bananas now." And I'm like, "What the [bleep] was all that about?" - Jay, listen, we still have the lie detector test here. - Bam, let's go! Why not? - You want to put Morgan under the test? - No, okay? Because--no. - [cheers and applause] - Let's do it! And if you didn't, then you'll be fine. - We'll see if her timeline holds up when we come back. This is "Ex on the Beach: The Reunion," baby! - I'm not lying about this. - You're [bleep]. Did you make out with Johnny Bananas on "The Challenge"? - AUDIENCE: Whoa! - [thunderclap] - ANNOUNCER: Welcome back to the "Ex on the Beach Reunion." Morgan and Jay called it quits once he found out that she cheated on him with Johnny Bananas from "The Challenge." And Jay's ready to put her in the hot seat and find out if her lies are as white as her outfit. - Don't ever talk to me again. - Why? You said you were being honest. - [cheers and applause] - Woo! - Welcome back. We got Morgan hooked up to the lie detector test, and everyone is eager to hear the truth on whether she cheated on Jay. But first, I have a question for Angela. As someone who's been on both "Ex on the Beach" and "The Challenge," and hooked up with Bananas, do you believe that Morgan cheated? - Did I do that? - You don't remember. - I think I've been in Morgan's shoes before. I've had more time in between "Ex on the Beach" and "The Challenge." But I know Bananas is very charming, so yeah, I do-- - So I've heard. - He is. He's a very charming guy. So I do believe--yeah. - Farrah, what about you? - I actually declined Johnny Bananas. - I actually saw that. I was there. - I was like, "Bye, I gotta go!" And shut my car, and I left. - Okay, well, Jay, the stage is yours, baby. - Let's go. - Alright, wait, pause. I'm just gonna take this off real quick. - Oh, now we're gonna be honest. - No, yeah, because you hooked me up to a lie detector test. - Oh, so now it's honesty. Okay, go. Hell, yeah. Go for it. No, dude, why would you do it? - Let me speak first before you interrupt me. - Let's go! Hook it up! - Jay, stop it. - Hook it up! Did you sleep with Johnny Bananas and cheat on me? - [screaming] - ANNOUNCER: Come on, did you really think we'd spoil you with two lie detectors tonight? You have to tune in next week to hear the truth about Morgan's sudden Banana craving. Ne-It was the worst date- I've ever gone on in my life. - [laughs] - He'd be better off dating a [bleep] trash can. - [screaming] - Let me just clear something up. I also slept with him. - Stop it! - [bleep] [bleep] - The deception! - JUSTINA: This was the cuddle that broke Twitter. - I don't care. You wanna come cuddle? - AUDIENCE: [applause] - Did you cheat on Maya with a porn star? - It's a simple yes or no. - I don't want to talk about it. - I want to believe him so bad. - Have you ever cheated on her? - Oh my god! - [thunderclap] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 