For Life: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 For Life 
 s1e5 - Witness - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 For Life (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Witness - full transcript 
 While litigating on behalf of an inmate locked up on a robbery charge, Aaron is torn between doing what's right and what's best for his case. Heartened by Aaron's new lead, Marie recommits to his case. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I thought you could have a look at my file. You think I'm gonna risk my job for you? Some cop rings my doorbell and hands me this. Photocopy of your entire police file. This is the story of how they got me. This is gonna get me home. How'd you get your hands on this? What matters is that this can get me my retrial. We are cracking down on any kind of drug trade. Wild Bill is the main distributor. But how he gets them inside? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 A captain. We need to confront this head-on. Up the dogs, up the security checks. People are starting to wonder if you snitched. You wanna catch this guy, you gotta retreat. Make him feel safe. If you don't, you're gonna get me killed. After an exhaustive search these last few days, I see no need to bring in OSI or any outside investigative agency. - Anything? - Thank you. You mean have any of them whipped out a kilo and announced it's party time? There's Foster with his steaks. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Hey, Vasquez. Yo, how's your dad's ticker? Oh, they finally got his oxygen figured out, so he's slightly less of a pain in the ass now. That's good to hear. You're all set. Oh. It's Steak Day. Sure is. Oh, these are good. I can't believe the Lady Warden lets you get away with this. Time-honored tradition, Vasquez. One thing she hasn't messed with. Later. Morning, fellas. Take it off. Finally got it, man. The thing that's gonna break my case wide open. I'm sorry, man. - What, uh, what am I looking at? - Right here. This is proof that the cops had a confidential informant. Yeah, they had two. Your boys who rolled on you. - But you already knew that. - No, no, no. This is somebody else. A professional rat. Somebody already on their payroll who had snitched before. So, what does that mean? Just because a C.I. got paid, their testimony automatically gets bounced? All right, see, here's the thing... whoever this person was never took the stand. The DA built a case around them and never shared that with me or my lawyer. So, this is gold. All I gotta do is put that in front of a judge and everything they did could be considered fruit from the poisonous tree. - Boom. - Right? I got nothing but time, Deke. I mean, we can keep gazing into each others' eyes like a couple of queers if you want to. - It's... - Screw it. I call. Shut it down, Inmate. You know the rules. No gambling. You know, Fos... you don't have to come and whip out your pecker. My boys get the deal, so... Sorry if I'm hurting your image. You want your steaks or not? They're still clean. I think the warden's off my trail, but I need a minute to confirm. All right, well, the longer we wait just gives that bitch opportunity to peel a lot of customers off for her rehab program. And that doesn't help me, and it sure as hell doesn't help you, so... Well, I'm the one with the most to lose, so I say how fast we move. If you don't like it... Wait, who the hell am I kidding? You don't have to like it. Almost thought you weren't gonna show, Glen. Why wouldn't I? Rough week last week. Figured you might still be doing damage control. If you were really that concerned, Anya Harrison would be standing here instead of me. You gonna let me see what you got? Safiya Masry's comprehensive proposal to the prison board. Check the flagged page. You like? I do. Consider it a gift. My next trick, maybe not. I'll admit, I'm intrigued. I've been thinking about initiating a prisoner transfer to Bellmore. A particularly... difficult inmate who would most certainly give our Ms. Masry one helluva headache. And how does that help me? You got an Aaron Wallace problem. Destabilize his biggest ally... that's gotta come in handy. You know, I was telling the Governor in our preliminary budget meeting I felt the prison board was severely underfunded. Where's my manners? You're still a martini guy, right? _ _ _ Dad? What are you doing here? I got to have a reason to come see my own daughter? No. Of course not. Now, where's my grandbaby? She's at Ronnie's. I'm gonna pick her up later. What about Darius? He's at a work thing. Are you hungry? I can make you something. Eh, I'm fine. - I ate on the plane. - Okay. So, Jazz was telling me about Aaron and some big case he won. I've been reading about him on the Internet. So, that's why you're here? Don't play me, Dad. I know you. I'd be lying if I said I wasn't concerned. Concerned Jasmine's father could maybe get out of prison? Oh, my Lord. After everything you did to get yourself back on your feet, and here you are, still falling for his lies? How could you even say that? You don't know what's going on. Oh, I know. I've seen this all before. Please stop. Just please, okay? I'm a grown woman. I can make my own decisions. But you're not deciding. You're sitting on a fence. I'm not having this conversation with you like this. Go get unpacked, and I'll make you some food. So, I understand this time, you're back here defending yourself, Mr. Wallace. I've recently obtained some new evidence, Your Honor. Evidence I believe will prove that the DA's office had me falsely arrested, tried, and convicted. Your Honor, the DA's office hasn't had a chance to fully review this so-called new evidence, but it seems Mr. Wallace is referring to information that could have only been obtained from a confidential police file. I'm here to ask Mr. Wallace to explain how that file found its way into his hands. No, he is right about one thing, Your Honor. I am in possession of the NYPD file pertaining to my arrest. Ask him how he got it, please. It was sent to me by a whistle-blower who wishes to remain anonymous. It's funny how people just crawl out of the woodwork to magically send you valuable evidence. Any chance we can see proof of this whistle-blower? My source was afraid of reprisal, which is why I destroyed the envelope it arrived in. Convenient. This isn't about where the file came from. It's about what it reveals. They obtained a warrant to search my club based on the word of a career confidential informant on their payroll. A fact that was never revealed during my trial. He's forgetting the search was successful, Your Honor. They found the drugs. If everything was so by-the-book, then why was he hidden behind a number? What was his name? Why wasn't I given a chance to cross-examine him during my trial? Did you even hold a Darden hearing? I don't recall, Mr. O'Reilly. Was a Darden hearing held in this case? No, you listen. I already let one of my guys fry to protect your incompetence. Now it's payback time. I suggest you track down your leak before I come looking through that department badge by badge. They circling the wagons? They're gonna check the logs, but who the hell knows. I can't believe Wallace even knew what a Darden hearing was. Do you think he has just this bit on the C.I. or the whole damn file? Well, the way he was preening, I'm afraid it's gotta be the file. Well... we've got to make it about how he got the file instead of what's in it. Are we sure he has no friends on the force? No. Not that I... What? The brother. That cop from the case he was chasing in Queens. Get on it. Hey, what are we doing here? Got a couple of prisoner transfers. Yeah, but Lubeck's a level four. Guess they must be very well-behaved. Let's go, Wallace. Keep moving. In here, Dawkins. Mr. Dawkins, my name's Safiya Masry, and I run this institution. I spoke to your former warden and your warden before that. They were both very glad to be rid of you. It seems you've developed quite the reputation inside the prison system. Ma'am, I don't know what you heard about me, but I'm just here to do my time and stay outta trouble. You're gonna learn that we do things differently here, and you're gonna have freedoms you didn't have, privileges you didn't have, respect you didn't have at those other institutions. From me and from my staff. But if you test us or mistake our humanity for weakness... you will be dealt with. I got you, ma'am, and I heard of you, too. And so far, I like what I see. Knock it off, smart-ass. You're gonna earn your first shot. I see the humanity. Just get him processed. You heard her, Dawkins. Move. Now. Doing it, man! Doing it real big! Hey, chill. It was only one hearing. Yeah, but you on your way. The judge on your side, too. I know the DA got to be shook, man. Man, shut up. You act like he's taking time off your bid. See? That's a hater right there. That's a hater. I'mma cape for my man regardless. Don't care what you say. Oh, hell naw. Cassius? That's the dude from Lubeck, the level four. What's good, fam? Not much. It's been a minute, B. When'd you get here? C.O. at my old joint rolled up, said I had five minutes to pack my stuff. Next thing I know, I'm on the bus. Aaron, Jamal... Cassius Dawkins. We met back when I was locked down at Concord a few years ago. Trust me, he ran that joint. Welcome to paradise, fam. Good to meet you. You, too, Mr. Jailhouse Lawyer. So, what's good? It true they got Big Jack up in here? He's over at E block doing 15, out in 10. What about Skinny John and Tommy T? Life and life-plus. They ain't going nowhere. That's good, though. That's what we gonna need. Mm-hmm. Check it. I'll get with you a little later, let you know what's what, who got the juice in here. Yo, Cash! All right. We ready to roll? Turn the car off, son. I didn't really want you to take me anywhere. I just, um, said that to get you out of the house for a minute. What is it? Something wrong? Belonged to Marie's mother. I-I don't understand. We both wanted Marie to have it when she got married, but I... just couldn't bring myself to give it to Aaron. You're the right man for this, son. I, um... I don't know what to say. Well, say thank you, then take her out for a fancy dinner, - get down on one knee... - That's not what I mean. I'm saying... you know Aaron never signed the divorce papers. Is this up to him? You know nobody's free from Aaron yet. And how is that gonna happen without you asserting yourself? Keep the ring. And don't wait too long. So, what's the latest from the case, man? Give me some deets. I need some deets. Well, I got this thing called a Darden hearing. What you mean? Like Chris Darden? The guy who couldn't even put O.J. away? - No, as in People v. Darden. - Mm. Basically, they gotta prove they had enough evidence to get a warrant without that snitch. If not, the whole thing goes away. Oh. What is this cat doing? Guess nobody told him. Yo, Lawyer Man. I been wondering... how they let you go back and forth to court all the time? Ain't you property of the state like the rest of us? Word of advice... you might want to get yourself another table. Why? This one open. It's open for a reason. Well, lookee, lookee, lookee, huh? I hate to break up the NAACP meeting here, but this is my table, and you got the colored section right back there. You mean you got next when I'm done? Maybe you're not hearing me too good, huh? I'm hearing you fine, you bootleg Nazi. Oh. Aaron, let me holler at you for a minute, man. - Let's break out. - Is there a problem? Oh, yeah. We got a problem. See, your new boy here... he don't know what the rules are. - Oh. - What? Don't even think about it, Inmate. You see, this is Wild Bill's table. It's been that way long before you got here. Now, find yourself somewhere else to sit. I stutter? Move it. It's not even that serious, boss. Hey, thanks for the warning, man. I appreciate that. Max 4 inmates rolling downhill to you? What's that about? They say Lubeck's overcrowded, but I got a feeling that someone wants to put my "soft" approach to the test. - Prison board? - Maybe. But let's do you. Well, the head of the C.O.'s union wants to meet with me. - To solidify their endorsement? - Must be. - That's fantastic! - I know! What's an endorsement? An endorsement is when, uh, someone decides to tell all their friends to vote for you. And they have a lot of friends. That many votes could tip the election. - Here you go. - Thank you, son. Mom, I need your credit card. For what? Found a new site that'll let us send care packages to Dad. What's wrong with the old site? This one's way cheaper. It has way better options. It has popcorn, candy bars, noodles, and... burgers and pepperoni pizza. Here. You can use mine. You paying for his food? - He's my friend. - Oh, wait. There's a huge processing fee. And a handling fee. - That's okay. It's fine. - My God. Can nobody in this house go five minutes without Aaron being the topic of every conversation? Just trying to help him out, Grandpa. And he's not the topic of every conversation, except the ones started by you. Well, I guess now I find myself wondering how much of the money I used to send you went towards him getting that "law" degree. That's it. Outside. Now. What are you doing? Just speaking my mind. No. You're disrupting. You flew down here to try and push what you think on everybody. Look, you're my daughter, and you're damn right. As long as I can take a breath on this earth, I'mma tell you what I think. So, you... what do you want me to do? You want me to forget about Aaron? Just leave him there to rot? Even though that girl in there, my daughter, your granddaughter, loves him more than anything else in this world? No, you're fooling yourself if you tell me this is only about her. I am living with Darius. I have a life with Darius. I help Aaron when I can. He was guilty, Marie. We both know that. Even if he is... And to see you here, compromising yourself, putting everything on hold because of him? He was guilty, and he put you through hell. A-And now it's been nine years. You built a new life from out the ashes. And now you're forgetting what it was he did to you. No, Dad. I don't forget. I don't forget a single thing that happened. I... I love Darius, but... a part of me is still in love with the man I made a family with. Right or wrong, whatever mistakes he's made, guilty or not guilty, one thing I know, one thing I always knew, is that he is devoted to me and Jazz. So I'm not gonna turn my back on him. Even if it makes my life harder, even if it brings me pain, I will never turn my back on him. So, I'm sorry, but that's how you raised me. Come here. What's up, Lawyer Man? How'd you get in this pod? I got my charms. What can I do for you? I need you to run me that phone. What phone? Come on, man. I know you're holding a burner. I need to make some calls. Look, I don't know where you get your information, but I ain't got no phone. Let me help you out, bro. Next time you want to keep something on the low, don't ever tell that fool Bobby. He can't hold water. Chill, man. I ain't tryna blow up your spot. How 'bout this... one phone call right now. Then I'm good. All right, keep a look out. One call. Hey, yeah, it's me. I... I got a name for you. Foster. Frank Foster. Yeah, he a captain up here. A lifer. Yeah, don't hurt him if you don't have to. Just get it done. All right. Thanks, Lawyer Man. I'll see you around. Officer Newcombe, you work as a police officer in the 29th precinct in Queens? That's right. And after 14 years on the force, you remain a patrolman. If you're asking me if I think the NYPD's promotion policy is fair, that's a longer conversation. So you have some resentment towards the Department. Mm. Like any place, there's good and bad. And as a patrolman, how often do you find yourself scouring files in the detective bureaus? Not often, but if it's necessary. Why was it necessary you found yourself in the file room of Bronx narcotics on October 29th? I was running down a lead on a collar I made. Thought it might have a connection to a drug gang in the Bronx. I'm happy to provide specifics on this one. That won't be necessary. But I am wondering... is it a coincidence that you found yourself in that file room the day after Mr. Wallace finished litigating a case on behalf of your brother? Never occurred to me that one thing had anything to do with the other, so I guess so. Are you aware that Mr. Wallace was mysteriously sent a complete photocopy of his entire police file several days after you entered that file room? No, I was not. Right. Well, I do need to ask... did Mr. Wallace threaten you in any way to make you obtain those files? Objection. Assumes facts not in evidence, Your Honor. Overruled. Answer the question, please. No. I was never threatened, and... and I never took the file. Was getting those files for Mr. Wallace payment for representing your brother? Objection! Asked and answered. If I could finish...? Let him finish, Mr. Wallace. I didn't give him the file. Then let me ask you one last time. Under oath and under penalty of perjury... did you give Aaron Wallace confidential NYPD files or in any way aid or abet him in getting them? How'd it go? Cop didn't fold. You lorded the perjury over him? Of course. And the Darden hearing? We still gotta defend it, but Sorensen's got him on a short leash now. I've gotta tell you, I'm getting nervous about this, Glen. Now, we rattled Wallace. And this'll hurt him where he lives. - Hey, yo, Hassan. - I'm busy. I can explain, man. Look, man, I already talked to my brother. And he told me you got him rolled up in your mess. I don't know what he said, but he held his own in there. He perjured himself. And he could still be suspended off the stink of this alone. I'mma say this once. Stay out of my face! That look familiar to you? Of course. Where'd you get it? Not of consequence. What's important is what it says. "It is not unrealistic to foresee a future in which the number of New York state prisons could be reduced by up to 35 percent." Oh, no, that is, you know, her dissertation. She included it in her proposals to the Prison Board. In black and white. She's talking about what could hypothetically happen in 15 or 20 years. Maybe so. But how are we supposed to tell our people we support a candidate whose wife wants to take away their jobs? "When we consider the state's declining crime rate and the increasing cost of housing inmates, - it becomes clear that the answer - Yeah. I know what it says. - I know... How... - How the hell did they get a hold of one of those? The Prison Board, or someone on the staff. It's gotta be McCormick. He's had it in for me from the start. Well, whoever it was, the CO unions are going to endorse Maskins unless you reverse course. I can't reverse course on a position I never took! - This puts me in a bad position. - Oh, come on. You knew everything I was doing. I didn't know you were gonna put this language in there. It's two paragraphs! Obviously I wasn't in the Prison Board meetings with you, but you clearly are pissing some people off. Well, that's gonna happen when you try to change things. I believe in everything you're doing. I do. And if I'm elected, I'm gonna tack left and I'm gonna push for all of these kinds of reforms in a more comprehensive way than what you can do right now from there. But to do that, I got to get elected first. So you gotta fix this. And how am I supposed to do that? Eat some crow. Slow down your reforms. Get me my endorsement back. Okay, let's get on with it, then. This is simple. There was more than enough evidence to establish probable cause that a massive drug operation was being run out of Mr. Wallace's nightclub. A search warrant would've been issued even without the information provided by the informant. Then why put him in the warrant application in the first place? Easy, Mr. Wallace. I ask the questions. Sorry, Your Honor. As I was saying, there was ample independent information, and as consequence, as the Court of Appeals observed in People v. Crooks, "When there are independent observations sufficient to establish probable cause, a Darden Hearing is unnecessary." But that same court also held, in People vs. Adrion, that when firsthand information comes from a C.I... - Which it didn't here. - That's what you say, but... The search warrant application makes clear... multiple witnesses confirmed buying drugs inside the club. Yeah, but not from me. The warrant was for the club, not for you, Mr. Wallace. But without the drugs, you don't have a case against me. And if the search was bad, then the whole case falls... But the search was good because in addition to those witnesses, two ghost officers who were stationed inside the club over the weeks prior to the warrant application personally observed you, Mr. Wallace, engaging in what appeared to be criminal activity. Watching a door? Talking to patrons? It was my club. - And your drugs. - No. - This is not... - Yes, that is exactly... Stop! Stop now! I am not re-litigating this entire case, and I'm not tossing the search, Mr. Wallace. But they cheated. They withheld... Cut corners, maybe. Resolved conflicts in their own favor, sure. But while this is a close call, they did have an independent basis for their search, and so they're gonna get away with not having held a Darden hearing. Yeah, but the snitch... The informant. Informant... - They withheld information. - Yeah, they did. And I had a right to confront this person, whoever it was. Yes. Yes, you did. Slow down, Mr. Wallace. Because while they may have had enough independent evidence for the search, there is no excuse for not living up to their disclosure obligations. We were under no obligation. I could have challenged the reliability of that informant. That is exactly right, Mr. O'Reilly, and you know it. Turn over the search warrant application, untouched and un-redacted. The whole kit and caboodle, if you get my meaning. We'll need a day to track it down. Maybe two. Really? It's not right there in that, uh, big old case file of yours? Now. Mr. O'Reilly, right now. Is this real? The original? Your Honor, this man testified at my trial, and was never once questioned about being the guy who... who brought the cops to my door. And I gather from the fact that he has a C.I. number that this was not his first rodeo either? I don't know, Your Honor, but that would also be my guess. Hmm. Angelo Torres was the manager of my club. He was a key witness in the trial, and he was on their payroll the whole time. I need the chance to cross-examine him. I want all the records of every time the NYPD paid him off, every case he made, every guy he framed, - every single... - This is absurd. He's trying to kitchen-sink this, Your Honor. I would be awfully careful, Mr. O'Reilly. Yeah, you played fast and loose with the Darden hearing, fine. But a Brady violation? That is another beast entirely. I am directing you to produce this witness so that Mr. Wallace can cross. And do it soon. A little reminder... that's the law... Mr. O'Reilly. All right, looks like you're all set. Thanks for the help. Oh, any time. And don't let another three months go by before we see you again, all right? Remember what I told you. And you take good care of my great-grandchild, - hear me? - I will. But you have to promise me something, too. Try to see things dad's way every once in a while. He wouldn't be fighting so hard if he wasn't innocent. I'll try. Thanks for coming down. See you at Thanksgiving? Of course. I want you to trust me, Daddy. I do. All right. I love you. Travel safe. I love you, too. Was it LaGuardia or JFK? Bellmore Prison. Upstate. Heads up. Oh, this ain't no good. Let me talk to your boy for a minute. I got a few more calls I got to make. That wasn't the deal. Lemme ask you something... if they ever toss your cell, you really want that call I made before traced back to you? I'll take my chances. I usually ain't this type of cat. But Hassan's putting out feelers on you. Come on. We ain't talkin' 'bout a hit. He want to know if he free to start messin' with your rep. He think I'm your protection. It's his word against mine. I think I can manage. But it won't just be his word. I think you've seen how far my reach is already. All right, how many calls you wanna make? You're confused, man. That's my phone now. Nah, man, listen, I... I can help you time to time, but I can't operate without my lifeline. I understand it's a big decision. Take a minute. I'll be around. Listen, all I'm saying, having protection from a guy like Cassius might not be such a bad thing in here. What you gonna do when they destroy your rep and you ain't got no more clients? If I land that Angelo thing, I may not need any more clients. Yo, listen. I ain't never told you to sell out to nobody. You've been here nine years doing things on your own terms. But that guy? He been in 21 years straight. And all for new charges that he caught while inside. Any time he up for release, he figure out a way to get locked up. Mm-hmm. Man like that, he ain't got nothing to lose. That's a man you got to keep your eye on. Hmm. Wallace. You got a visitor. Earl. I'm sure you got some feelings about why I never came to see you in here. Probably thought I forgot all about you. No. I knew you didn't forget. They told me I only have a few minutes, so I'd better say what I came here to say. And you're gonna understand this because you got a daughter just like I do. And father to father, my only concern is my daughter. - I do understand. - No, no, no, let me finish. I came a long way. I got to get this out. They say when a man goes to jail, it's like his family goes to jail, too. Everybody's life gets turned upside-down, even the people on the outside. But you got Marie truly believing you're gonna be getting out of here soon, and all that's doing is keeping her waiting. She needs to live, but she can't do that as long as you're filling her head with... with false hope. Now, I don't pretend to know how hard it is being locked up in here, but I do know that you can't see what this is doing to her. Marie's a strong woman, Earl. She makes her own decisions. You know that. You right about that. She is strong. But some brothers like to call black women "strong" so we don't feel too bad about how much abuse we put on them. - Now, come on, Earl... - No, you... you come on. Now, I know she brought those divorce papers to you, and I know you never signed them. So I'm here asking you, as a man, to sign and let my daughter be free. I can't do that. All the two of you have left is... is history and guilt and Jasmine. So if you really love her... She doesn't know how to leave you, so you've got to be the one to do it. Why now? After all these years? Did Darius send you? So is that what this is all about? Your jealousy? Now, you might have had a bigger house, but he's cared for her better than you ever did. You're a selfish man, Aaron. Always have been. Stubborn and proud and always think you know better than everybody else. You tried to make up your own rules, and this is where it got you. Are we done? I'm sorry I bothered coming up here. Look who it is... Lawyer Man. Move over, give him some room, man. All right. Mm. Check this dude out. He's sitting there waiting for an engraved invitation or something. Come on, man, just chill out. I'm not hungry. He's not hungry. I ain't gonna bother. Dad? Maggie? Where is everybody? What the hell? Have a seat, Frank. If you thinking about that gun you keep in your cabinet, your wife has already been kind enough to tell us where to find it. No need to hurt anybody, fellas. Just take whatever you want and go. Do we look like thieves to you? Maybe we do, but just think of us as, uh, emissaries, Frank. Sort of, uh, messengers for Cassius Dawkins. What do you want? What's he want? Cassius has a proposition for you. So I'mma say it one more time. Have a seat. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 