For Life: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 For Life 
 s1e9 - Buried - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 For Life (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Buried - full transcript 
 Aaron pushes to represent longtime inmate Easley Barton, hoping that winning this 23-year-old case against Maskins will strengthen his own. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Wass up fellas! This was a premeditated assault on Mr. Dawkins. In the future, when Dawkins starts to throw his weight around, I expect you to come to me. Hi. I'm here to see Billy. He wrote me about a case. The election's in six weeks. You need to hit Maskins. I got the case. Mr. Barton? I'm an attorney. I'm the reason you were transferred here. - I signed the divorce papers. - When did he give you these? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 A few days ago. It's me. I, uh... I got your note, I see the closet, but I'm just having trouble understanding what... I've been texting you. I've left you messages. We're too grown for this, Darius. I... We've been through too much. Just call me back. Darius left last night. What happened? I don't know. I think, um... I think this is all too much for him. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You mean me? No! No. So, he's not coming back? I don't know. I really don't. He... - Just... - I need a minute, Jazz. Just give me a minute. What are you afraid of? I'm not afraid of anything. And I'm an old man now. I am done fightin'. You know, first time we talked, you... you said you'd think about it and get back to me. You haven't given us one session working with you, going over the evidence. And of all the cases you could take on, w-why is mine so important? Because Maskins did the same thing to you as he did to me. We need to expose him for who he is. No, you need to use me to expose him for who he is, because you can't do it on your own. Let's just call it what it is. You're not doing this for me. You're doing it for yourself. You're right. I'm not doing this for money or publicity. But are those better motivators than a man trying to get his way to freedom? Our interests are aligned, Easley. No one can understand what you're going through better than I can. I asked around a bit. People say some of your "clients" end up on the wrong side of it, 'cause your oath is not as strong as your agenda. Look, that was one time. I was desperate. I did something I shouldn't have. I'm not gonna do that to you. Why not? 'Cause I learned my lesson. The hard way. Give us two hours in a room. See how you feel. What you got to lose? So, here's what we have against us. The Kellys were your employers. You had easy access and keys to the house, and there was no sign of a break-in. Neighbors saw a workman's van like yours parked down the street the night of the crime. Both you and Carlos were having money problems at the time, and your only alibi for that night was each other. More painful, a neighbor heard you and Mr. Kelly arguing three weeks before the murders. And most importantly, the duct tape that was used to bind the victims came from your toolbox. And Carlos' unusual knife... the one they say made the signature slashing wounds... was missing, and he couldn't account for it. I thought you were trying to convince me we had a chance. Just laying out all the problems so we can see how to attack 'em. Knife and the duct tape... that's what gotcha. I told my other lawyers... anyone could have used the tape. Anybody could've grabbed that knife from Carlos' toolbox. They were just lying there in the garage. You're right. And that was the basis of their rush to judgment. We'll probably never know about that knife, but that duct tape could be your salvation, because they never DNA-tested it. Back then, they just didn't do it that much. But tape is sticky, and DNA lasts, so they test it now and they find a match with someone else in the FBI database... that's powerful. But we can't win the motion without other substantiating evidence. That wasn't presented at either your original trial or in the appeal. That sounds like a tall order. It would be. If we didn't have all this. This is probably gonna be hard for you to swallow, but I got all this from Billy Sprite. His widow, actually. That man. I know he went hard on you during the investigation, but it turns out that he was just a foot soldier. And he was having doubts. Yeah, not soon enough. True. But when Carlos killed himself in prison, Billy tried to undo it all. Look, his theory was that this wasn't a one-time deal... that the guys who killed the Kellys were desperate tweakers who must have robbed houses looking for cash. They would have hit anyplace that looked like an easy target. He had a list. 189 home invasions all over Nassau and Suffolk County between '95 and '98. He was looking for a similar M.O. Got through a little more than half before he got sick. How long that take him? Looks like about four years. So I got another four years to wait for you to go through the rest of them? Billy was muddling through entire case files, hundreds of pages long. In some cases, he was banging on victims' doors, trying to re-interview them. We're not wasting our time with that. Then how you gonna do it? When Billy died, the police logs of those counties weren't really computerized, not the way you'd expect. Now I can get a quick synopsis of every crime he was trying to look at. Plus, we're expanding our search to neighboring counties. So you and I will go through old statements from the police, all the facts you can remember from back then, while Henry runs down all these old cases and tries to figure out who really did this. Or at least create the reasonable doubt you need. All this ju... just to get that duct tape tested? A positive hit on someone else can get you a retrial. It might even get you out of here without having to go through all that. And if there's no hit? Cross that bridge. This is the play. It looks... kind of like Christmas morning. Shouldn't have to be a holiday for them to have access to the phones. Guards I spoke to seemed happy to be ordered to do their jobs. How long do you think the C.O. union would take to process a complaint against Foster? It's not like we have anything concrete that he's dealing. I'm talking about his perjury - during the hearing. - Mom! I don't know. 8, 10 weeks? But he's a legacy. They're not just gonna roll over for us. Mom, you said you wouldn't be on the phone so much! - Do you need to go? - No, hold on, hold on. Zoe, I just need a minute. Please! Well, we have to do something. What he did for Dawkins was so brazen. What who did, Mom? Just... Nobody. One of my guards. One of your guards is doing something bad? Look. I'll explain later. You better hurry. You're gonna be late for school, okay? I love you, sweetheart. Mwah. Have a great day! I'm sorry about that. We need a plan. I'm not gonna let Foster rub this in our faces another minute. Dude. Just saw Kiki come through here with the K-9s. Don't you owe her like 20 bucks? Hey, don't you dare go reminding her. Hey. Yo, Cap. You good? Yeah. Hey, Vasquez. Frankie, I brought you here because I need some help. Not just from you. I'm asking anyone who's recently graduated from the treatment center. Yes, ma'am. I need to understand how the product is getting inside. I already helped you with this. How? I told Wallace about that guard. Didn't he bring that to you? He said it would help. That guard... he told me that there was someone senior to him bringing in the supply. I don't know who that is. We can protect you, Frankie. No, ma'am. I don't think you can. Even Wallace is working for... Are you talking about Cassius Dawkins? You need to do something about it. You told us that you would. And it's only gotten worse. You worked for the Kellys how long? - Two months. - Speak up, Easley. Two months. And in those two months, you nor Carlos had a disagreement with Mr. Kelly? - No. - Come on, Easley. The neighbor heard you arguing with your boss about money. Well, it never happened. But why would he make something like that up? I don't know. Why don't you ask him? We did. And he swore on a stack of Bibles. I didn't hurt those people, and neither did Carlos. Turn it off. Turn it off, please. We are innocent. You had plenty of fight in you. Yeah, back then. Well, we're gonna need you to grab a hold of that again. Now, why I keep getting a vibe you're holding out on me? Whatever it is, you got to let me know. I lied. I lied to the cops, to you. I did have an argument with Kelly. About money? He was trying to stiff us on a... a bunch of work we had done. He said it was supposed to be included with the weekly, but we agreed it was to be extra. Is that all? Come on. You asked me to be up-front with you. I'm gonna need the same, which means everything. It was Carlos who got all riled up about the money. I was willing to let it go, but... he kept on bitching about it. I thought you were his alibi. I left his house at 10:00 that night. Robbery happened at 11:00. So you're worried that Carlos' DNA could show up on the duct tape, which would tie it all back to you. So, you said you wanted the truth, and now I see you got doubts. No. I get it. You knew how it would look. How they start twisting everything around. Even make the ones you love start doubting you. My wife never doubted. And our son got so angry, I was afraid he might do something to one of the cops if he stayed around, so I told him to get out. He moved out to Oakland. Got a family of his own now. Your wife still waiting? Problems with her heart. She passed four years ago. Oh, I'm sorry. Even if I did get out, I'm not sure what I have to live for. What about your son? He's got a whole life out there now. Last thing he needs is for me to weigh him down. I got a feeling he wouldn't see it that way. What do we do now? About the DNA? If it is Carlos' DNA, then we'll deal with it then. But for now, we just got to keep going for it. But we should get back to work. Well, here's the nine cases I got with keyword "duct tape" and "home invasion." But I got to warn you, our coding system's hardly perfect. Crime-scene photos in these? Should be. Most, anyway. I swear, if anyone catches us, I'll say it was your fault. I bet you will. Anna Fernandez. I want to go back to the fight you had with Mr. Kelly. I already told you, man. Come on, Easley. You had a gripe, you had access to the house. Everyone on the street saw your van there that night. You know how many white vans were on that street every day? Half the day labor in that neighborhood drive a van like that. Maybe so, but that's not a... Mr. Barton. I'm Assistant District Attorney Glen Maskins. So... you understand the evidence against you, and you've reviewed our offer? I know you think 20 years is a long time. When you don't take the plea and you lose at trial, the Kingpin charge alone gets you 25 to life. Tack on some consecutive time for the other charges... and you could end up going away for all time. Why are you doing this to me? Of all the places you could've gone after, why'd you spend so much time and energy coming after my club? After me? This isn't personal, Mr. Wallace. It feels personal to me. I know you don't care about me, but maybe you care a little bit about the truth. About what's right. I would hope you do. A man like you, in that position. With that much power. It'll all be yours soon enough. Well, we'll see. How are ya, Glen? Thanks for coming up. I've got some campaign events up here anyway. I'm sure your office told you. They did, and I'm gonna try to get to the Rotary Club if I can. And I brought Beth up here with me. It'd be great to get the four of us together, if you have the time. Absolutely. I can't remember if you've ever met Harry, my new Chief of Staff. Of course. - Good to see you, Harry. - Good to be seen. This is Meredith Voker, my Communications Director. Oh, we know each other from back in the day. Been too long. Come. Have a seat. You know, I'm gonna highly recommend that you keep them both on for at least a year... for continuity. Oh, of course. I was counting on integrating them into the transition team. Well, the timing on this is unfortunate, but, uh, we do have a bit of a problem on our hands. Do you remember a cop named, uh, Billy Sprite? I worked with him on the Easley Barton case. He ever indicate he had any doubts about that conviction? Not to me. Is that what he's saying now? No. He's dead. But before he died, he was sending letters all over Albany, trying to get us to reopen that case. One of those letters went to Henry Roswell. And now Aaron Wallace is taking it on? Look, I'm six weeks from retirement, Glen. If there was anything... anything at all that didn't line up on that case, I need to know. He had Harry and his Communications Director in the room to witness it, to cover his ass. I'm sorry, honey. That must have been awful. Am I supposed to go back through volumes of files and testimony and evidence from 23 years ago so he can feel comfortable? Not if you're comfortable. That was such a big case. You'd remember if there was anything, right? It wasn't open-and-shut, but we had all of the circumstantial evidence. Never mind. We're gonna have a big turnout at this fundraiser, so I need you to put it in a box and turn your charm on. This is an election stunt. They're using Wallace to get at you. Excuse me! Do you happen to know if Anna Fernandez still lives here? I never heard of her. Guy with a couple of dogs lives there now. Thank you. Special delivery, yo. Just don't touch Revelations. It's hot. What's up with fat man? How he doin'? He a little gun-shy. But I think he'll find his inspiration. - He better. - Oh, he know that. This is about Cassius Dawkins. Do you know why he's even at Bellmore? My adversaries on the board had him sent here to cause us all trouble. And now he's putting everything at risk. I wouldn't know anything about that. No, I know. You had your cozy thing going with your petty drug smuggling and your steaks, thought you weren't ruffling any feathers. Ma'am... And here he comes, and suddenly, you find yourself working for him. I understand how it looked at the hearing, but... Now, I did some digging when he first got here, found out what he was doing at the other prisons. But it wasn't fully clear to me what he was capable of... until I saw he could control a Captain. Now, I'm... I'm assuming he threatened you in some way. Now, if so, you have a story to tell. Help me, and I promise I will use every resource at my disposal to spare you any criminal charges. But the offer expires in 10 minutes. I mean, you walk out that door... I'll have to come after you. I'd like to offer my letter of resignation. I think it'll cost me 12% on my pension, but... I'll take it. I'll be out of your hair in two weeks. I've been waiting here all day. I finally found someone who knew her. Yeah? What'd they say? Well, sounds like she never really recovered from the trauma of the attack. Even after 22 years, she kept moving from one place to the next. Guess this is the last stop before she changed her identity. Changed her identity? Yeah, that's what the neighbor told me, and no one knows where she went. You said you're still out in Queens? Yeah. Floral Park. Think I might have a way to find her. What? How? Hey, brother, you mind swappin' out? Mm-hmm. Hey, Davit. 'Sup, Big Dawg? Your cousin still forging false papers out in Queens? Maybe. What you looking for? I'm trying to locate a witness. People find out they're ratting out their clients, not too good for business, bro. No, it won't come back on them. We just want to talk to her. We'll pay. I'll put the word out. No guarantees. Anna Fernandez? You have the wrong person. My name's Flora. My name's Henry Roswell. I was a state senator. I'm not gonna tell anyone here who you are, but I do need your help. I told you, you got it wrong. I'm here investigating another case. We think the man that attacked you and your husband did the same thing to someone else. Please. I just want to talk to you about what happened. Darius? Oh. Hi, Ronnie. Hey. How you doing? I'm all right. Homework or SATs? Chemistry. She's doing something else. What are you doing? I've got almost 5,000 followers now. It's becoming an obsession. It's not. You've got people that were at the club the night of the arrest? So they say. I think some of them are making it up to sound cool. Can I see? Here. Wait a second. - Wait a second. - What? There was a girl who OD'd at the club months before. Now, this says the cops were questioning people about it. So? So... they never called her to the stand. The whole investigation was started because of her, so why wouldn't they use her as a witness? Is there a way to contact these people? We need to find that girl. It's Anya. It's the third time. Okay. Hello? I've been calling and texting you for hours. Yeah, sorry. I've been slammed. Have you decided what you're doing about Foster? No. Not yet. Well, I think you should just... count your blessings and let him walk away. Is this why you called me? To make sure I do what you think is easy? Even if you could catch him, no matter how you play it, this is gonna blow back on you. I get your point of view. I got it last night. Okay. Any updates on the Easley Barton case? You know as much as I do. Listen, I have to finish up here. I'll see you at home. Anya? Can you take a look at this? Yeah. I'm sorry. How can nobody know the girl's name? Mom. Yeah? Can you stop typing for a second and look at me, please? I don't understand something. A girl OD's at Dad's club. How long before he got arrested? I don't remember exactly. Uh... six or seven months? So, was it Michael or Angelo that was dealing? It was probably both. But your father knew for sure that night about Michael. - And he didn't fire him? - Hm. Told him to cut it out, which obviously didn't work. You knew? No. Your father didn't tell me about any of it until after he was arrested. W-What about Darius? He stood by your dad, but everyone was in the dark. Hey. Marie? No one knows the name of that girl who OD'd. But I figured out the exact date that it happened and the hospital they took her to. Let me see. Is that enough to track her down? Is there some kind of database? Can you please pull these files? Yeah. Sure. Uh, can I see your badge? Uh, what's it for? Naloxone study. So, there's no way we can get her up here to prep? This is a woman who changed her identity and moved to Ohio 'cause she was afraid these guys would find her 23 years later, so, no, getting her to step foot in a prison isn't gonna work. So she's irrational. She's traumatized. She likes the bottle too much. But she wants her suffering to mean something. She'll get through it. Well, she needs to do more than that. She needs to be credible. She will be. You know, I was thinking about it the whole drive back from Ohio. Easley's case was all over the headlines then. There's no way that the cops or the ADAs in Nassau on her case could look at those photos and not think to call Maskins and the cops in Suffolk. It's too similar. No way. That was in June. Right in the middle of Easley's trial. If he buried Anna's case 'cause it was inconvenient for them, you know what that could do for you? That's willful misconduct. We'd be going after their jobs. They know we're coming after them anyway. I don't think I want to set the whole house on fire right now. Why not?! That's the whole point of what we're doing! Look what happened when I sued the NYPD... what they did to Rafi, Angelo. They got too much reach. Until they don't! This is how we bring 'em down! Not this time. Why not? Because we push them too hard, it could blow back on Easley. Well, at least talk to him about it, see what he wants to do. I'm not putting that on him. We're his lawyers. We have a responsibility. I'm not gonna do it. Go get 'em, E. All right, E. You got this. You got this, Dude. Go get 'em, man. Yo, E, you go this. I'm gonna get you through this. Just remember why you wanted to do it. Okay? You, uh, got a minute for me, Henry? Mr. Roswell? Y... Uh, yeah. Um, can you have a seat over there? It won't be long. You know, I mentored you, Henry. Championed you. Even after you left my office to go fight for the other side, I still believed in you. And you helped me get my seat in the Senate, which I'm eternally... - Grateful for? - Are you kidding me? I understand you want to clean up your own life, and it's about time. But coming after me? Repaying me like this? This isn't about you, Allan. It's about an innocent man who had half of his life taken away from him. Look, I'm glad you got sober, Henry. I'm sure things suddenly seem very clear to you. But life is gray. People are gray. The world is imperfect. When your head hits that pillow tonight, I want you to think about who was really there for you when it mattered and what you ever gave them back in return. All rise. Please be seated. All right, then, Counsel. I'm short on time, and I've read your papers, so let's get right to your witness. Your Honor, let the record show we intend to call Ms. Anna Fernandez to discuss an attack she suffered during a home invasion, June 18, 1997. At that time, my client and Mr. Carlos Menendez were incarcerated and on trial for the Kelly murders. As noted, we object as to relevance. There were 38 home invasions in Nassau County alone during the time of that trial. It wouldn't be difficult to handpick one of those that might have some vague similarities to the original charge. The similarities aren't vague. I believe that will be clear when my witness testifies. I'll allow it for now. But if it feels like a stretch, I'll end this fast. Now, call your witness. If I could, they should be outside. I apologize, Your Honor. I need a word with Mr. Wallace. You were supposed to watch her. Then you bring her in late. And drunk? I'm sorry. I left her alone for 5 minutes, and she disappeared on me. We only get one shot. So I'm gonna tell the judge she can't do it today and bring her back when she's ready. How much time are we talking about? Could be months before we get another court date. Then we have to do it today. Or you'll miss your shot to do it before the election. Don't make this about me. One thing I know is, time is not gonna help her. Now, if she is this shook up about it, we should... let's... let her get through it today, best she can. All right, I'll buy some time with the judge, but you got to put her back together. Okay. I was... making dinner in the kitchen. Do you remember what you were cooking? Of course. Tamales... rice... and beans. And where was your husband? Paying bills in the family room. He had the baseball game on. And the team? It was always the Yankees. And he was happy because they were winning. Your Honor, let the record show that on the night in question, the Yankees were playing the Baltimore Orioles. At the time of the robbery, they would have been in the fourth inning, at which point the Yankees had taken a 4-2 lead. Please continue. I heard the sound of something falling from the other room. So I called out to see if he heard it. He didn't answer. So I... I came out of the kitchen and... And then... It's okay. You're doing great. It all happened so fast. But suddenly, one of the men was binding my hands and covering my mouth and eyes. What did they use to cover your eyes and mouth? It was duct tape. Your Honor, we submit as Defense Exhibit 3 crime scene photos from that night. Please note the way the eyes and mouth are bound, with the tape wrapping around their heads in the exact same way as the Kellys. Objection. You'd better get an expert witness for that. No need, Mr. Wallace. I can take judicial notice that the photos show a similar modus operandi. Now, Ms. Fernandez, do you happen to remember what they used to cut the tape with? Of course. I could never forget that. Could you tell us, please? This strange knife. Was there anything specific about that knife? It was curved, with a gold-and-black handle. Now, this is a photograph used by prosecution in the Easley Barton trial to prove that Carlos had a Filipino karambit knife. Now, does this look like the same knife to you? I-I can't say that it's the actual knife, but it looks exactly like that. Now, given Ms. Fernandez's testimony, the court should now consider the possibility that Carlos was telling the truth in 1997. That he didn't know where his knife was, because it had been stolen by the same men who killed the Kellys. That they had kept the knife and used it to kill Ms. Fernandez's husband, duplicating the original crime. The People request a continuance to determine the brand of this knife and to ascertain how many were manufactured during that time period. Certainly, the popularity of the knife would be relevant in determining the merit of Mr. Wallace's suppositions. I'm sure the People would like nothing more than to take several months to undertake a study of this kind, but my client has been waiting 23 years. Now, whatever your ruling with regard to that, Ms. Fernandez's testimony should at least persuade the court to order a DNA test on the duct tape used on the Kellys. You may have saved the rest of that man's life today. And that was about as brave as anything I've ever seen. All in your area. Nine meetings a week. Another way to find purpose. The reason I lost track of Anna... it was Burke. He was waiting for me when I came in. I went to talk to him. - And what'd he have to say? - Nothing. I mean, just all this B.S. about what I owed him. But you went to him because you thought you owed him. I did owe him. Going against your old friends is hard. After all this, - you're getting cold feet? I was shook up. It took me a few minutes to steady myself, and that's how she got to the bar across the s... This isn't about you and your complicated feelings about settling old scores. It's about him. All rise. I'll make this short and sweet. I found the testimony of Ms. Fernandez and the argument of Mr. Wallace extremely compelling and am therefore ordering the DNA test. Based on the results of that examination, we will revisit the possibility of a retrial. Hey, you okay? You really did it. We're not there yet. But we're on our way. Easley. Thank you, Mr. Roswell, Ms. Fernandez. Thank you for trusting... I need to see him. In my final weeks as attorney general, after extensive review of several old cases recently brought to our attention and in cooperation with the local district attorneys, we have decided to vacate the convictions of six inmates, based on newly discovered evidence. Easley, get over here! The six inmates being processed for immediate release are Sheera Bellweather... Mitko Angelov... Easley Barton... You're going home, baby! Easley! Easley! Easley! Easley! Easley! Easley! Easley! And Jadon Harris. In several of these cases, new suspects have already been identified. In several others, law enforcement will be taking a fresh look at the leads and the evidence compiled to date. We want the public to know that we never take these matters lightly. You're not walking out of here with any positive recommendations. And you're not getting your two weeks. You want to quit, fine. Turn in your uniform and your badge today. And be thankful I'm not bringing in the DEA. Sorry, ma'am. But I'm not walking out of here without my uniform after 32 years. If you think you can prove what you're saying, go for it. I'll tender my resignation properly today, and I'll leave here in two weeks. You know what my union is about. So, if you want to fight it, fight it. Honey, what's going on? I've been waiting out there a half-hour. We're gonna be late for the event. I went back to the old file. A cop from Nassau had called Burke's office. Tried to get him to pay attention to Anna Fernandez's case. He made it go away. Easley Barton was innocent. And Burke knew it... all along. Warden let me come out so I could say goodbye. I'm sorry you didn't get what you needed. My client's a free man. That's what's important. My son is here. He came out from Oakland? Says he's got a room for me out there. You were right about that. I'm happy for you. No matter what happens in your own trial, you got something to do of importance when you're in here. I never found that. I never did anything with my time. What you did for me, you can do for others. Make a difference, no matter where you are. Hey, Mom. I was thinking about what you said to me before. I understand everything much more now. I'm sorry for making things harder... for you with Darius. No. None of this is on you, baby. Our relationship is complicated. Started that way and always has been. You are not to take that on. Call him. You're happy with him, Mom. You deserve to be happy. Good night. Good night. I'm sorry about how I acted back at court. I didn't mean to seem oblivious to what you've lost. You lost the forest for the trees, man. I know. So, what do we do now? They're scared. Or else they wouldn't have let Easley go. Not that way. Think it's time to file for my retrial. I got to know if you're with me. All the way. I'm with you. Eye on the ball? Eye never leaving the ball. Then let's go. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 