For Life: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 For Life 
 s1e6 - Burner - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 For Life (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Burner - full transcript 
 Aaron confronts O'Reilly in court, targeting the search warrant used in Aaron's arrest. Maskins arranges for a dangerous inmate, Cassius Dawkins, to be transferred to Bellmore in hopes that he'll cause problems for Safiya and Aaron. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You got an Aaron Wallace problem. Destabilize his biggest ally... I've been thinking about initiating a prisoner transfer, a difficult inmate. That's my phone now. I got a name for you. Foster. Frank Foster. Captain up here. We are cracking down on any kind of drug trade. Wild Bill is the main distributor. But how he gets them inside? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 A captain. How are we supposed to tell our people we support a candidate whose wife wants to take away their jobs? So you gotta fix this. Get me my endorsement back. Dad? What are you doing here? Belonged to Marie's mother. You know Aaron never signed the divorce papers. She doesn't know how to leave you, so you got to be the one to do it. Turn over the search warrant application. Angelo Torres was the manager of my club. He was a key witness in my trial, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and he was on their payroll the whole time. So, Mr. Torres, was part of your plea contingent upon you giving prosecution damning information about acquaintances that they were pursuing in another case? I don't understand the question. It's very simple, Mr. Torres. Before you were paid, how many cases hinged upon you... lying to get yourself out of hot water? Four? Five? There's a response on the page. Oh. Man, 'cause you... - Prosecutor. - Sorry. Uh... Uh, yes. "Objection, Your Honor. Mr. Wallace is badgering the witness." "Sustained." That's the judge. I got your text. What's going on with your burner? You had to give it up? No, long story. You tell Jazz? Yeah, she's gonna miss saying good night to you. So, how's everything with you? I'm fine. Things at the hospital are challenging. In a good way. Is your father coming for Christmas? He just, uh, popped in for a visit, actually. How is he? Good. Healthy. I wish he'd start dating again, but you know how he is. So, it sounded kind of urgent. The way you texted me. Something on your case? Yeah. You ready for this? Angelo was a snitch. That's not news. No. I mean a professional snitch. Already on the cops' payroll, five years before I ever hooked up with him. So what does this mean for you? Oh, this means everything, Marie. They didn't disclose he was a CI. That alone can get me my retrial. And when I tear him apart on the stand, it's gonna break this whole thing wide open. And believe me, I'm gonna tear him apart. Now, these were witnesses that testified against me. These two? These were undercover cops from the night of the bust. Remember? No, uh... Y-You know I wasn't at the club much. Then you think maybe, um... ask Darius? You say he's still my friend, right? Yes, Aaron. He's still your friend. Okay, well, take these. I got copies. I'm gonna need an answer soon. Okay. The bad news is, there's a higher incidence of detoxing inmates entering the program. Good news is, that means the drug flow is dissipating. Whoever's bringing it in is still lying low. We scared them with the dogs. Well, we've been surveilling the Captains almost two weeks, and we've got nothing. We're on prison time. Two weeks is nothing. Whoever it is'll reemerge when the time is right. But in the meantime, we're getting new people clean, and in my book, that means we're winning. Yeah. Good work. Cassius Dawkins sent men to your house?! Shh, shh! I walked in the door, and they were holding my wife and father hostage. Damn. I knew he had reach, but I didn't know it went that far out. Took over the phone banks yesterday, went out of his way to stick it in Wild Bill's eye with that cafeteria stunt. Yeah. He's here a week, he practically owns the place. We had a good grift. Easy. Then the warden comes in all high and mighty, and now this. This is not what I signed up for, Huey. So, Dawkins wants us to shut down Wild Bill and work with him? I can't work with him. If his first move was to send goons to your house, what do you think he does when you ice him out? You got no choice. Phone's broke. Come on, man. Cassius running the banks now? Be running everything soon. But somebody wouldn't kiss the ring. Look, I gave him my burner. That's what he wanted. You gave him the burner, but you wouldn't sit down. Six meals in a row now, walked right by his table, wouldn't break bread with the man. All right, where is he now? I'm gonna go talk to him. Word of advice... let it lie right now. He ain't interested. - Bobby... - He ain't interested. You cloggin' up the lanes. Better move along. You gonna eat that? Nah, it's fish. I'll keep the fries. Ah. Don't mind if I do. Mack and G-Force are cutting me off from the phones. Guards are doing nothing, and I can't get to Cassius. So get the warden involved. And make myself a snitch? Unh-unh. Word's gonna bubble up to her sooner or later. I don't have 'til later. Got my court date for interrogating Angelo less than a week out. I need to talk to Roswell. Today. Oh. Mnh-mnh. No, no, no, no, no. Oh, come on, man. Nah, man. I don't want to get involved in all that. One call. All right, man, gi... give me the number. Thank you. Hey, Aaron. Did you hear? Yeah. Wedding dispensation came through. Told you the warden would be cool with it. Yeah, she was. Then the Prison Board overruled her. And what was their reason? They don't normally get involved in something like this. I don't know, man. But there must be something that you can do. You know, legally. Yeah, sure. Hit me up next week, man. Nah, listen, listen. I can't wait that long. Tricia took a turn. The doctors say she ain't gonna make it through the month. Oh, man, I'm sorry. I don't think there's anything we can do in that amount of... You know everything she's done for me. 13 years she's been waiting. Please, man. I know, Nathan. But it's been a real rough week... with my own case. Just... let me think about it, and I'll see what I can come up with, all right? Hey. I'm not gonna tell her you said no. That was a rough one. They've been together 21 years. He was supposed to be paroled in four. But she got stomach cancer. Less than six months, just like that. Life is short. These were the undercovers? Yeah, that's what he said. Nah, it's... It's all a blur. The only thing I remember about that night was Aaron's face hitting that pool table before they dragged him out and me holding you back so you didn't get yourself arrested. Well... he's questioning Angelo next week. I'm thinking we go see Michael? Maybe he knows something. - Like what? - I don't know. Even if he did, why would he come clean now? Time? Guilt? You're telling me there's no chance Michael would want to help Aaron? After all this time? I think, at the end of the day, Michael does what's good for Michael. Well, I'm going with or without you. But you've known him since you were kids. What you doing here? Last time I saw you, your fist was coming at me a hundred miles an hour. And you earned that. We're here about Aaron. Come on, Mike. We just wanna talk. You wanna talk, talk. Look, Aaron's fighting his conviction, and we need some help. Nah, I said what I said, and that's the truth. Did you know Angelo was a snitch? No. Not until after the bust. Well, if you ever cared for Aaron... he's got one chance to question Angelo in court, and he needs whatever we can give him. Nothin' I can tell you. In all that time you were with him? Told you I didn't know 'til after. And during the trial, you never talked to him? Nah, man. They kept us separate. Well, did you hear anything when you was locked up? - Like what? - Like something, Michael! - Come on, man! - Hey, get out of my face. Hey. You flipped, Michael. To save yourself. You sold him out after all he did for you. We did for each other. It hit the fan. Everybody got their own lawyers, did what they had to do. It's not on me Aaron was too stubborn to take a plea. You owe him, Michael. We all know it. So just think about what we're asking. Look, I recognize that... I may have come on a little too strong. I wanted my reforms to be aggressive, and if that affected my style... It wasn't just your style, sweetheart. Day one, you strutted into that room from your "think tank" ivory tower, telling everyone who'd been dealing with the prison system for decades that they had no idea what they were doing. Look, I... I've appreciated your supporting my efforts to implement change. I've got news for you. I haven't supported anything you've done. I may be the Commissioner, but I'm only one vote out of seven. Which is why you shared my prospectus with the Corrections Officers Board. You shouldn't put in writing what you wouldn't want people to read. Do you really think Glen Maskins and his reactionary ideas are the future of criminal justice? I know Glen Maskins won't close prisons and put people out of work. Do you know how I met my wife? I was, um... I was a public defender straight out of law school, and she was a young ADA. And the first time we talked, she called me a bleeding heart liberal. And I told her she was a fascist. I'd say we've both matured since then. My point is that just because I share a roof with the incredibly accomplished woman running for Attorney General doesn't mean we share the same ideas. And I think you know her record reflects that. The Board meeting tomorrow. Given the circumstances, I think the practical move would be for you to withdraw your proposal of conjugal visits. Family. Family visits. It invites venereal disease and contraband. And it creates extra work for the guards. Well, the guards are... The union hates it, Safiya. You continue to push, no two ways about it... it sticks to your wife. Your wife's downstairs cryin'. Been cryin' nonstop, as far as I can tell. I'm gonna deal with it. 34 years I worked over at Bellmore. Never got myself into a mess like this! I didn't do anything, Dad. Well, you're gonna have to now, ain't ya? Yo. Let Wild Bill know it's too hot to restart right now. You think word doesn't get around? You're rolling with Cassius Dawkins now. Only if you let him. Need to add a number to my call list. Gonna take a couple days for it to clear. Check the system. It should be approved already. He's registered on Aaron Wallace's list? Yeah. Hey. The hell's going on? You lose your phone privileges? Power play with a new inmate. Your burner, too? I just gotta get through this week. What you got for me? US v. Bernal-Obeso. A drug conspiracy case. The court set aside the conviction 'cause the defendant was prevented from pursuing information about an informant who lied about his criminal record to the DEA. Yeah, it's sad. They want to get married before she dies. The warden granted the request, Prison Board blocked it. Backlash, I'd imagine. What do you mean? You think she's pushing through all these reforms without making some serious enemies on the Board? So they're punishing him because the warden got rid of solitary? Well, old, entrenched interests don't like change. And they really don't like the people who ram it down their throats. Maybe I can get myself in front of a judge with an emergency habeas. What's he in for? Aggravated vehicular homicide. - Blew a 1.9. - Mm. His license expired two months earlier. Happened in Putnam, so of course they threw the book at him. That could be me sitting over there. God knows I tried. Wasn't even an alcoholic. Just coming from a friend's birthday. - Is he a good guy? - Very. So take it on. Not exactly the best week to spread myself thin. I got your back. I'll be up here every day if you need me. - Yeah? - That's why they call it "Pro bono." For the good. My love... if today was the last day that I ever see you... I just wanted you to know you were as beautiful today as the day we met. A-And if I had... if I had one regret, it's just... Been making these the past few weeks now. Sending them to her so... I don't know. Listen, Nathan, uh... I'm gonna take your case. I already filed an emergency injunction. We got a court date on Monday. Really? I saw you both in the visiting room. How's she doing? Ah, you know, she's hanging in there. I think she probably would've stopped with the chemotherapy if she wasn't trying to hold on for this. Mm. You know, she wanted to ride. Professionally. Never happened for her. But she's been working on this horse ranch for the past few years, about 40 minutes from here. She took that to be near you? Yeah. You know she nearly went bankrupt trying to hire lawyers for my appeal? No kids? Nah. We... We were going to. Before I, you know... What happened? He can tell you. I'll let Dr. Davidson know you're here. The behavior itself is against our code of conduct. When it comes to social media, nothing is private and everyone's watching. Go, go, go, go, go! And the video... it has circulated like wildfire among the entire school population... including the parent body. This kind of behavior damages not only you and your family, but the reputation of our institution. You understand that, Justin? From what he told me, these were older boys, he thought they were really cool, and he got peer-pressured into this. Is that right, Justin? Is that what really happened? Yes. All right. Please get your books and meet us at reception. We are so... - Yeah. - ...sorry, Dr. Davidson. We are mortified. You have to understand that the school has a zero-tolerance policy for this kind of infraction. Justin will be suspended for one month. A month? It... It's not like he hit someone. This was clearly a prank. There's no room for situational ethics here. We cannot give Justin any kind of preferential treatment. Wait a second. Okay. Who said anything about preferential treatment? I mean, if you ask me, this is some sort of reverse double standard where you go out of your way to give him some sort of strict punishment just to prove we have no sway here. I'm sorry that you're interpreting it this way. But you have to acknowledge our standards must be uniform. We do. And I'd caution you not to use your influence to try to impact this decision. We understand completely. Justin, go to your room. Homework. And no electronics. Be in in a few minutes. You're going a little soft on him. He's a good kid. If you ask me, I think everyone is overreacting a little. He stole something. And was stupid enough to let his friends film it and put it online. Well, he's 12 years old. He is supposed to be stupid right now. If he were 12 and a kid of color, he wouldn't have that luxury. He'd be on his way to juvenile detention as we speak. The world is not fair, Safiya. But I am not going to punish Justin for it just to prove a point. So, what happens when he's 18 and he doesn't care that he got a DUI 'cause he knows the Attorney General's gonna bail him out? My God! Only, this time, he has wrapped his car around a telephone pole or killed someone! I have to take this. Take it. Hello? Oh. So, the... the kid's gonna pull the post down? And can you scrub it? Well, when... when did you hear about that? Yeah, well, w-we're gonna have to think of our next move. I'll call you in a few. Oh, so your special ops team is making it all go away? You can save your snark. That was Monica. I just lost the CO's endorsement. Oh, I'm sorry. Guess your lunch with McCormick didn't solve anything. It doesn't help that Aaron Wallace is suing the Prison Board. What? Oh, you didn't know about that, huh? - No. - Yeah. I gotta go check on Justin. Can you please pick up Zoe? I'm gonna have my hands full triaging all of this. No, of course I didn't know Nathan Goodleaf was suing the Board, but it is his right, and he's also free to choose his counsel. I know you initially approved this wedding. I did, but I understood your position, and I accepted it. Well, I kept up my end with Sivero. Called him right after the Board meeting. Sorry if the horse was already out of the stable on that. You and me both, Jerry. Listen, uh, I really appreciate that you put the brakes on those conjugals. You've proven yourself to be a reasonable woman, Safiya. That'll go a long way. Well, I'll be sure to remind you of that next time I ask for something "reasonable." And I'll give you a pass on this wedding thing. - He hasn't got a shot in - Aaron Wallace. - Hell of winning it, anyway. - Okay, bring him in. I gotta go, Jerry. Okay. Bye-bye. I've been asking to see you the last couple of days. They kept telling me you weren't available. I had personal things to deal with. I've just heard that you're representing Nathan Goodleaf against the Board. Yeah, I had to file an emergency injunction just to get the ball rolling. I was gonna let you know before I went any further. And what's your strategy? I gotta argue that their approval process is arbitrary and capricious. That's a really high bar. I know. Then you know they're gonna defer to the Board over an inmate every time. Yeah. That's why it can't just be me. I want to subpoena you. Are you out of your mind?! I declare you a hostile witness. You fight me, defend the Board, and still tell the truth. We play it that way, no one knows, and you look clean. I didn't think you took on cases like this. I made an exception this time. I thought you'd be supportive since you approved the wedding. You better make me look very hostile. Trust me, I will. And thank you. Oh, by the way, I heard from Manhattan Supreme. The judge is unavailable Monday. Appearance has been pushed back a day. No, I got to be in the Bronx Tuesday. There's no way I can do them both. Well, they said the next available date for Goodleaf is four weeks out. If you're really serious about this, you could try to change your own court date. You're not gonna believe this. Michael just hit me up. Says he was holding out on us. How? What... What... What'd he say? Claims there were whispers in the joint about a case that got tossed 'cause Angelo lied on the stand. For real? Yeah, he gave me the name and everything. I was able to push your own case 'til Friday. - Mm-hmm. - And I got in touch with Tricia with their new court date. She sounds like a hell of a lady. They all are. Been thinking a lot about Marie. What she put up with. What all of this did to her. I won't say she hasn't had it rough, but she's still on your team. In a big way. Yeah. Apparently, she and Darius paid your old friend Michael a visit. He knew Angelo was a CI. At least after the fact. He also happened to know Angelo lied in a case a few years back. A case that got tossed. It's all in there. This is Angelo's testimony? Testified in open court, so I just pulled it off the trial transcript. It follows the same pattern as your case. Only, that time, the defense was able to prove he was making half of it up. I can't believe this. Believe it. It's happening. So, you know how you're gonna handle this? I think so, yeah. And I appreciate your counsel. This isn't exactly what I wanted to be doing today. C-Can I please...? Can you tell me what this is? It's Nathan Goodleaf's dispensation request for the wedding. - And you signed it? - I did. You approved it? Uh, that's what signing it means. And presumably, you did so because you believed he qualified under regulations then in place at your institution? It's not my institution, Mr. Wallace. I'm the superintendent, and my authority comes from the Prison Board. I understand. But you signed because you determined that Mr. Goodleaf deserved to get married. Yes. Both you and the Board are bound by the same rules, right? Yes. Rules that are codified in the March 15, 2012 Directive 4201. Uh, that sounds like a... a rhetorical question. What's the very first line of Directive 4201? "A major departmental objective is to foster ties to the community that will help create stability in the inmate's personal life. The Department recognizes that a marriage can assist in creating that personal stability." And did you say "major objective"? You heard me the first time, Mr. Wallace. Now, when the Prison Board overruled your decision for Mr. Goodleaf, did they explain why? Well, Mr. Goodleaf had a violent altercation with a fellow inmate and the Board felt that that disqualified him. When was that violent incident? It was five years ago. And when you assessed the situation, what did you think about that incident? There's a notation on the dispensation request. Flip to the second page. I marked it. What does it say? It says that after a comprehensive review of the facts in that incident that I determined that Mr. Goodleaf had acted in self-defense. Four months ago, you authorized another inmate wedding. For Bradley Fossberg? Yes. Did Inmate Fossberg have any violent incidents while in prison? There was an altercation with a fellow inmate two years ago. But the Board accepted your recommendation in spite of all that? Yes. Now, why do you imagine that the Board is so concerned about a violent incident from five years ago... that you believed was in self-defense... yet shrug off Inmate Fossberg's violent incident, which is so much closer to his request date? Well, I believe there was a totality of criteria... Specifically, Ms. Masry. I don't know. So in the end, you cannot account for the differences in the Board's rulings? No. Because there doesn't seem to be a consistency in the policy? Well, I-I don't think there's any evidence of that. In the previous seven years at Bellmore, the superintendent before you authorized 16 inmate weddings. You aware of that? Uh, not of the number, no. And according to the records, not once did the Prison Board intervene to overturn the Superintendent's recommendations. Now, what do you imagine makes Nathan Goodleaf so special? Hey. How you doing? You all right? I'll let you know when the judge rules. Listen, can I ask you something? Sure. Why did you wait? For Nathan. You probably want to hear something romantic, right? That Nathan was the only man I ever could have loved? I wish I could say that. But all this time... If I could go back to the day he was sentenced and you told me I'd be sitting here 13 years later... like this... would I make the same choices? No. I waited. 'Cause I always thought there would be more time. One day, one week at a time, and it all went by. Waiting for Nathan. Hmm. He's a good man. And I love him. But no man is worth that. That's why I need this so badly. So that all that waiting won't be for nothing. The criteria for meeting a standard of arbitrary and capricious are clear. Mr. Goodleaf has been denied the right to marry because, as a felon incarcerated for over a decade, he was involved in a violent altercation five years ago... Thank you. Thank you, thank you. I'll never be able to repay you for this. Thank you. Sit down. Okay, you got me here. You must have a damn good reason for disturbing my beauty sleep. I just wanted to wait 'til we could speak in private. I'm not trying to intimidate you, Dawkins. Though, that's what you were trying to do to me, right? That stunt you pulled, sending goons to my home? Wasn't no stunt. I get your game. But you gotta understand, seven years now, inmates are used to dealing with Wild Bill. And nobody likes change. They don't know it at first, but people are very adaptable. That's evolution. You better make conditions favorable, is what I'm saying. They want their product. They don't wanna worry about who's fighting over it. I read you, man. Loud and clear. Glad we understand each other. Get up. Let's get you back to your home, inmate. It's all good, House Slave. It's all good. Think he got the message? As long as we get them two pitted against each other, we just wait and see who's standing after the dust clears. Hello? Dr. Davidson. Hi. Yes. I see. No, I wasn't aware of that, actually. Thank you. Right. Well, we'll make sure that he does. Thank you. Justin's suspension was lifted. She said you called someone on the school board. I knew where you stood. I didn't want to debate it any longer. You did this because of the CO endorsement. Because you're pissed at me? I did it because I value my family. Over everything. And I have no interest in living on your high horse. So that's where I live now? Since you took this job... yeah. More and more. Well, it's good to finally know how you feel about what I'm doing. You know what rankles me about all of this? You're more forgiving with your inmates than you are with your own son. I think you're overcompensating. Mr. Torres, when you first started working for me, did the police already know what you were going to do? When you first started working for me, did the police... When you first started working for me, did the police already know what you were going to do? So this whole thing was a setup right from the start. Hey. What's going on? Trying to find Angelo. I'm assuming you have some news. Uh, yes, Your Honor. The, uh, the state's witness, Angelo Torres, cannot be located. How is that possible? We even sent a DI to his house to retrieve him. He's cleared out. We believe he's left the country. No, but he was under subpoena. That was for Tuesday. And he was here... that morning. Your people requested the adjournment. It's not our fault the witness got spooked. No, no, listen, Y-Your Honor, please. This is just another dilatory tactic by opposing counsel to impede my ability to cross-examine this man! Mr. Wallace, I'm very sorry things did not turn out as you had hoped. But blaming the District Attorney is not the appropriate response. You're the one who asked for the adjournment. This is the unintended consequence. Tonight's the night. 6:00 in the visiting room. That's great. I'm pleased for you. I'd be honored if you'd be my best man. You barely know me. No one's ever done anything for me like what you did. Please. Of course. Hey. Thank you. You've reached the voicemail of Jerry McCormick. If this is business related to the Prison Board, I'd prefer you call or e-mail my office directly. Hi, Jerry. It's Safiya Masry. I wanted you to hear it from me first. I've decided to go ahead and begin family visits... starting tonight, with Nathan Goodleaf and his wife. The idea that they might have a few moments together before she dies seemed more important than placating you. So... I'm gonna keep doing what I'm doing. And... And you can try to stop me if you like. But I'll sleep better at night knowing I did what I believed in. I watched them go through this ceremony. It was really beautiful. And, of course, my mind went to... what it was like for us. Mm. But this wasn't that. This was the wish of a dying woman who shouldn't have waited. She wasted the last 13 years of her life. That's when I went into the box that's under my bed and took out these. When you gave these to me, I didn't like it. But I understood. And when you didn't bother me about it again, I... thought maybe there was a way forward for us. Then I realized that I was holding on, dragging you down, using your guilt to keep you tied to me. I know what you gave up for me, Marie. You could've had another child. You could've had so much more. But I'm gonna still keep fighting. I'm not giving up. But after losing Angelo, there's no reason to say that anything's gonna happen for me anytime soon. And I can't ask you to wait. Not when it could be years. I love you, Marie. I always will. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 