For Life: Season 1, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 For Life 
 s1e13 - Fathers - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 For Life (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 13 - Fathers - full transcript 
 When Maskins and Cyrus Hunt try to thwart Aaron's attempt at a retrial, Aaron is forced to attempt a desperate move, risking the wrath of a powerful new adversary. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Jamal! We got a riot in the gym. Shut the gate! Three prisoners dead, another 36 seriously injured. You're a novice, Ms. Masry. Cyrus will be taking over until your hearing's concluded. We might be able to use it to our advantage. It looks just awful for Safiya Masry, and it's got to roll downhill to her wife. That girl who OD'd at the club. Lexi Richardson. She's not just another witness. She's the reason it started. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And her father just so happens to be one of Maskins' biggest donors. If I could have everyone's attention, please. If I had to choose one word to describe my friend Glen Maskins, it would be "devoted." He's devoted to his family. He's devoted to the principles he lives by. He's devoted to truth and justice. What does that mean? It means he fights. As a Marine, he fought for his country in Kuwait. As District Attorney here in the Bronx, he fought to keep our streets safe. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He fought for victims, and he fought for their families. And as the next Attorney General, he'll fight to ensure that New York has the most ethical, intelligent, and nimble system of criminal justice in the nation. To do all that in a complicated world, you need someone with values, with great judgment, and most of all, with integrity. Anyone who knows Glen knows he has all those things. If you're innocent, you'll be given a fair shake. But if you're guilty, well, then get ready for the fight of your life. Mm? You hear anything about Jamal? The body count hasn't changed. That's all I got. What happened to all his stuff? Anyone who went to the hole got their cell tossed. No. I found that thing you used to keep under your chair. Got rid of it. Am I gonna get my stuff back? Warden says no. I'm entitled to anything pertaining to my defense. They took my file at intake. It's a part of the lockdown. I'm arguing for my retrial. He can't just take my things like that. You got the right to prep your witnesses if they can get up here. That's an order from the judge. And you got the right to go to court, but the prison's on lockdown for at least a week. No visitors, no phone calls. Can I get a pen and paper? Pen's a sharp instrument. Close Cell Four! Lexi, I hear everything's going so well at the foundation. I can't go anywhere without hearing your name. Early education and college scholarships may be one thing, but you know what we really need? Lawyers. If I lose, maybe I'll come knocking. I'm sure my dad could give you a good reference. Spencer, I can't tell you how much I appreciate you hosting again. Polling average has you up two points. Mm‐hmm. Margin of error's three. Some say five. The Attorney General's gonna be pounding the pavement for us the next few days. You know how effective he is. He told me he could be of help with Wallace. Suggest you hear him out. We've got that under control. I don't think you do, Glen. Hear him out. We can't have Wallace spouting off to the press. That's the main thing the next three days. I've already worked that out with security at the courthouse. And the judge is Sorensen? She may be our biggest problem. Alright, let me see what I can do about that. If you can pull that off... Let me show you something. That's Wallace assaulting Dawkins. Courtesy of Cyrus Hunt. Reach out to him. Aaron Wallace was the prison rep who helped drive him out of Bellmore to begin with. Let's keep it very simple. The police showed you a photo of me, only me, and asked you if I sold you drugs. And I felt pressure to say what they wanted because they found a bag on me. What's with the audio? I‐I keep getting these glitches. It's new equipment. I know it's new equipment. I'm the one who had it installed. Just get me more volume somehow. You know, they keep calling me, telling me if I say something different than last time, it can be considered perjury. No. These are different questions I'm asking you, and you're telling the truth. So don't listen to them. Oh, I'm not, but I thought you should know in case they're doing this to your other witnesses. Yeah, can't say I'm surprised. But we're good here. Go get some rest for tomorrow. And thank you. Bring in the next one, please. Ms. McDonald. Thank you for coming all the way up here. I really appreciate it. Well, your wife really made it sound important. And I've been following your story. I've seen that website your daughter made for you. Mm‐hmm. I believe you're innocent. Thank you. I don't get to hear that much. Just never occurred to me that there was something wrong with the District Attorney coming to the hospital that night. Well, it's because of what happened afterwards, his relationship with the girl's father. Now, remember, I'm calling you as a surprise rebuttal witness, so you can't tell anyone you're doing this. You have a deposition I took in a civil case a few months ago in which a former Bronx ADA admitted that  Hey, new protocol. Let's check in over here. Just give me five minutes. Come on, Joey. Five minutes. Ma'am. Hey, Aaron. Did you arrange all this? Meeting me down here? No, but I heard this was gonna be drop‐off today. Somebody doesn't want me talking to the press. Listen, you need to know  Cassius Dawkins thought you were a rat and put a hit on you. Jamal convinced him he would do it. That's how he got the shiv. And then he turned it on Cassius trying to protect me. I know Hunt has the prison on lockdown, but when that's over, if Dawkins' crew spreads that you're the rat, you're not gonna have any friends in there. You need to put in for a transfer now. Hunt can never sign off on that. Just put the paperwork in. And let me talk to the Board. It was you who got me out to go to court. Why are you doing all this for me? Just do it now. Okay? Even with my help, it could take some time. Everything alright? Yeah. Fine. No Darius today? No. He wanted to be here Day One, but he didn't want to be a distraction to you. When this is over, he's got some things he wants to talk to you about. You switched judges? Brought in someone who's gunning for me? Come on. That's got nothing to do with us. Governor makes judicial appointments. You don't like it, move for an adjournment. All rise! Court is now in session! The Honorable Judge Reginald Cummings presiding. Counselors. You may be aware that the Governor has elevated Judge Sorensen to the Appellate Division. I'll be presiding over all further proceedings in this matter. I've already reviewed your briefs and transcripts of the opening statements, so let's get to it. Mr. Wallace? You have a deposition I took in a civil case a few months ago in which Mr. Adam Yamada, a former Bronx ADA, admitted that that office knowingly prosecuted cases in which the NYPD used illegal and unconstitutional identification procedures. Objection, Your Honor. Mr. Yamada admitted to one administrative oversight in one case. I have multiple witnesses who will testify that they were shown only a single photo ID of me. There's a pattern of  There is absolutely no reason to call these witnesses. Now, if Mr. Wallace had read People v. Zayas, he'd understand  I read that case, and this has nothing to do with that situation. One photo, confirmatory ID. If the complainant and the defendant know each other  Or if there are exigencies. Police and the DEA, under the directive of the District Attorney's office, were staking out my club for months before they start pulling people over and searching them. Stop and frisk becomes find a dime bag becomes finger me off a single photo ID. If you ask someone who's been arrested with a bag of coke in their pocket, scared out of their minds, if "This is the guy?", of course they're gonna say "Yes." There was no exigency, no reason they couldn't have pulled me in for a lineup. And tip off they were onto you? They could've used a six‐pack. Instead, what they did was juice the process. Mr. O'Reilly, are you conceding that the NYPD did use a single photo to identify Mr. Wallace? In certain instances, yes. Call your witnesses, Mr. Wallace. Let's hear the specifics. Thank you, Your Honor. I'm sure Wallace has put in for the transfer by now. So what do you want me to do? Call Hunt? Yes, Jerry, and pressure him to sign it. It's not like I say "Jump" and the wardens all say "How high?" Oh, don't sell yourself short. You can be very persuasive when you want to be. Let me know when it's done. Safiya. Hmm? I take it you haven't seen this. "It's particularly controversial because of Wallace's ties to former Bellmore warden Safiya Masry and her wife." Where's Anya? Has she seen this yet? She's on her way. And she's not happy. Someone released a video of you fighting in the riot. Press is tying you to Masry and Anya Harrison. It's a double‐dip for Maskins. How can they even do that? Isn't it video evidence or something? Is it even legal to leak something like that? They don't play fair. But we already knew that, right? There's something else. We lost the nurse. She called me last night to say she was too scared. They got to her, Aaron. Like we know they do. Cyrus Hunt. Mm. He fed them the intel. Released the video, too. It's surveillance from the prison. I‐I wasn't expecting it  And And knowing that it existed, you still went and advocated for Wallace at the Prison Board. Well, that that's never gonna come out. I'm glad you're so confident. You You need to know that I went to see him yesterday at Bronx Supreme. I arranged it with the guards. Nobody saw us, but I wanted you to know. Oh, my God. What are you doing?! He was in danger. I needed to warn him. You had to do it personally? I am responsible, Anya! They sent Cassius Dawkins to Bellmore to get at me. That's why he's in this situation. And I'm in this situation because you're more worried about him than you are your own family. No. This man is fighting for his life, and you're talking about your PR? Mom? Y‐You're supposed to start your speech now. Thank you, honey. Okay. Please welcome Brooklyn DA Anya Harrison! Who is Aaron Wallace? Who is Aaron Wallace? Aaron Wallace is a drug kingpin whose actions hurt young people and tore apart a community. Make no mistake. It's impressive that he managed to become a lawyer. But when he uses that power to mislead his fellow inmates and manipulate the system, then we have a problem, one made worse by the fact that my opponent's wife, the former warden of his prison, has allowed his shenanigans to continue. That's right. Anya Harrison's wife, the woman who wrote a manifesto about closing prisons, has cost taxpayers tens of thousands of dollars letting this drug dealer go back and forth to court. I can't believe he's doing this. He's worked his whole life to get to this moment. To play the race card? You've seen the video. Aaron Wallace is not the peaceful intellectual the press portrays. He is a hardened criminal. All the way from Oakland? Come on. What'd you think? I wouldn't come? Thank you. Good to see you. Thank you. Looking good, my friend. Wore the same suit. For good luck. You came, too. Of course. We're here to support you. I've already demonstrated how the police coerced and manipulated witnesses by only showing a single photo ID of me and how the prosecution failed to disclose that my club promoter was a criminal informant. My question is, why? Why was their approach toward me so aggressive? My answer? I was targeted. It's my contention that Mr. Maskins has a history of rushing to judgment, then hiding evidence and committing Brady violations to ensure nothing interferes with his theories of guilt. And you want to argue that this so‐called rush to judgment is due to racial bias. Well, if you look at his overcharging patterns, his sentencing, plea deals  I have two witnesses who  Objection, Your Honor. Mr. Maskins has had a career spanning 26 years. I don't see how he can cherry‐pick three cases and attempt to prove a pattern. I can compare his record to DAs in other boroughs, other counties. The Bronx is almost 90% people of color. He can't possibly make a fair comparison. Easley Barton was tried in Long Island. Mr. O'Reilly is correct. This is a conversation you can go have with the voters, not an argument for my courtroom. If you would just let me call them, hear what they have to say. My position on this is clear, Counselor. Mr. Barton, Mr. Rodriguez, you may go. Your testimony will not be required by the court. This judge. Now, Mr. Wallace, assuming I accept your representations and review the documents you've uncovered, will this be the sum total of your arguments? No, Your Honor. Not without the evidence of a pattern. I need to call one more witness. And who would that be? Her name is Lexi Richardson. I don't see why Cyrus Hunt would even want Wallace at Bellmore. I don't know, Safiya. He probably wants to torment the guy. Given their history. Well, given ours, I was expecting you to be more effective here. I had some traction with the rest of the Board till that video came out. Now nobody's gonna bend over backwards to put Wallace into a "safer" facility. Hell, I had to fend off half of 'em just to keep Wallace going to court. This is a copy of the letter Jamal Bishop left on Wallace's bed right before the riot. And it proves that Wallace had no idea what Bishop was planning and only went to the gym to stop the violence. You kept a copy of this? You think the Board has issues now? But how will it look if he gets killed at Bellmore a week after the riot? Is that Jamal? Hey. Hold up there. Hey! Hold up. Let's give him a second. If they're letting you back in here, that means you're gonna be alright. Now, listen to me. The second you can talk, OSI's gonna be comin' at ya. They're gonna try and charge you for the hit on Cassius. Now, all you got to say is that you went after him to protect me. You hear me? Okay, we can build a defense around that. Masry's out. Cyrus Hunt is back in here. So I put in for a transfer. For both of us. Now, this whole place is on lockdown. I'm not gonna see you for a while. This is it. We got our plan, right? Alright. Thank you. Now, Ms. Richardson... is it true you used to frequent my club? And is it also true that you bought drugs there? Why'd you buy those drugs in my club? Why? You can't stop this? I talked to Glen, and he's gonna personally oversee your testimony, and this is gonna backfire on Wallace. Well, I'm gonna have to talk about everything that happened. What happened was this  that man had a responsibility to you, to all our sisters, all our daughters. He was a member of the community, and he was supposed to protect you. Instead, he and his punks turned you on to drugs. Do you know how close you were to dying that night? For that, he should spend every day of his life behind bars. But what about my reputation? And yours? And everything we're trying to build here? You were a kid. You made some mistakes. But that was a long time ago, and you're an incredible woman now. Someone who's making a difference. That's what people know about you, and nothing Wallace can say or do will change that. We've gone through worse than this. Who are you here for? Jasmine Wallace. She said it'll be about 10 minutes. What are you doing? We're looking at Lexi Richardson's social media. If Dad's gonna question this girl, there has to be something we can find out about her. Like what? If she was going to the club back then, at 18, doing drugs, she must have been into other kinds of trouble. It's for Dad. So, this is an affidavit from someone who went to school with Lexi? Social media's the new PI, but it was Jazz and Ronnie. It's rough. This is how it all started. You can't back down now. Do what you got to do. Yeah. Wallace? I need to talk to him. You know I can't do that. Can we get a word? What's he doing? I don't know. Listen, I don't want to have to call your daughter. Then don't, if you have any self‐respect. All I want is a second chance to prove my innocence, and they're doing everything within their power to make sure I don't get a fair shake. If you've been following this, you'd know that. So now you have no choice but to bully and humiliate her? This is an affidavit from one of your daughter's high school friends. According to her, Lexi's been doing drugs since the 10th grade. Now, she says Lexi always felt bad because you told the DA to go after the people who corrupted her. But Lexi told you it was my people that got her hooked. What does that have to do with anything? Now, maybe Maskins went in too hard. Maybe he saw how angry you were and smelled an opportunity. What do you want? Maybe it's time to admit that you don't really know the whole story. You want me to testify. I want you to tell the truth. About what went down that night. Otherwise, I'm gonna have to make Lexi go through all that. So, a year before my arrest, your daughter used to frequent my club? Yes. She used to buy drugs there. From Michael Miller, a former employee of mine? That's hearsay. I can object. There's no point. He's cooperating. Yes. From Michael Miller. And on the night of February 12th, what happened? She had an overdose. Your employees didn't want to risk calling an ambulance, so they dumped her at St. Jude's. You must have been very upset. You could say that. So what did you do? I called a friend with connections to the District Attorney's office. An hour later, Glen Maskins showed up. And he was only an Assistant District Attorney at the time. That's right. And were you surprised when Mr. Maskins came so quickly? No. I'm used to having people respond that way. Because you're a man of power, money, standing in the community. That's right. So, when Mr. Maskins came to the hospital, what did you tell him? I told him I believed the people at the Trinity Club were responsible for this. He assured me he'd make them pay. And was that the response you were looking for? It was. And did he deliver on that promise? I believe he did. And when Glen Maskins ran for District Attorney, the office he holds now, did you contribute to that campaign? I did. A great deal. Did you help bundle contributions from wealthy donors in the community? I did. Throw fundraisers? Yes. And in his current run for Attorney General? I can't. He has continued to receive my full support. Now, is it your belief that when Glen Maskins came to the hospital on that night that he targeted me to gain access to you? Your money and your friends? I don't know. You'd have to ask him. I think it's safe to say, Your Honor, that if there was quid pro quo, even if it was implied, that that constitutes an abuse of power. Thank you. Mr. O'Reilly, Mr. Maskins, cross‐examination? Mr. O'Reilly? Okay. Yes, Your Honor. The people would like to call Mr. Glen Maskins to the stand. In my chambers. All of you. Now. I understand there's an election happening tomorrow and you're worried about the media, but I am not going to allow this collateral matter to make a circus out of my courtroom. My apologies, Your Honor, but the entire idea that I sold out justice to ingratiate myself to a wealthy man is offensive and completely inaccurate. I believe I should have been given a chance to directly rebut. You can rebut now. Here. Where it matters. Fine. The simple truth is, I went after Mr. Wallace because Lexi Richardson OD'd on drugs she got at his club. The police investigated. We prosecuted. He was tried by a jury of his peers, and they spent less than two days deliberating because it was a slam dunk and he was guilty. I did my job, and I did it well. And for that, Mr. Richardson decided to support me, as is his right. Now, I don't know about you, Your Honor, but I found Mr. Wallace's leveraging of his daughter against him to be disgusting. More than what happened to Easley Barton? Or Jose Rodriguez? Men who were innocent that were put away for years under your direction  26 years I've been doing this job. I've tried hundreds of cases, overseen thousands. So for you to handpick two and present those as evidence of what I'm about  You are not on trial here, Mr. Maskins. Oh, but I am now. With the entire premise of this motion. This idea of a pattern of corruption. You want to talk about my witness, the nurse who suddenly got cold feet after your people coerced her? Is there evidence of that? Of course not. Because all he has are insinuations. He throws crap against the wall and hopes for something to stick. My witnesses have a habit of disappearing on me the day they're supposed to be called, Your Honor. That's what I would have presented had I been able to talk about Jose Rodriguez. That's what happened to that criminal informant  Angelo Torres. Mr. Maskins? Here it is, Your Honor. This man has spent the last four months doing everything he can to make this about me and my record and not about the facts in his own case. He has looked for inflammatory cold cases. He has preened before the press. He has used his position in prison to find vulnerable inmates and twisted their cases around in an effort to malign me and my record. At school, my son has been called a racist because of the bile Mr. Wallace has been trying to unleash. Are you really gonna stand here and talk about your family after what you've done to mine?! And you honestly think you have a leg to stand  Gentlemen, I'm going to stop this now. I have what I need to make a judgment. I'll need a day or so to review the documentation and briefs. You'll have my decision then. Your Honor. I know this has no relevance to what you have to consider now... but I'm innocent. Even with the revelations about Spencer Richardson, the damage from that video and Safiya's association with Wallace puts us on the defensive. And it gets worse. Safiya's proposals to close prisons are suddenly making their rounds on the Internet. Oh, come on. You need to disavow Wallace and distance yourself from Safiya. Now? On the day of the election? You're going to get asked about it all day today by the press. Here are some talking points. Looks like she's winning in the early count, but we don't know if it's from the urban vote or what. You saw what she said about Dad today. I guess...she won't be of much help anyways. She was just being a politician. But the worst thing for us is if Maskins wins. It won't even matter if Dad doesn't get his retrial. He'll be out of moves, right? He'll win. You believe in him again? Yes. I do. Don't you? I always will. But I've seen what these people can do. And now  Mom? What? I think my water just broke. Yo, Wallace. Just got word. You got court tomorrow. You hear anything about the election? Ladies and gentlemen, I am very proud to present the man who will follow in my footsteps  my protégé and friend, the next Attorney General of the great state of New York, Mr. Glen Maskins! She tried to stay up for you. Promised I wouldn't move her. I'm sorry. For what? That you lost. I don't know how we get past this. Do you? Jasmine's in labor. Marie's with her at the hospital. She's five weeks early. Something wrong? Marie says that's totally normal, especially for a first pregnancy. S‐She wanted me to tell you, so... Well, thanks for letting me know. Aaron. I'm pulling for you today. For whatever it's worth. You should come. He's almost here. He's almost here. Three, two, one. Push, push, push, push. There you go. You're doing fine. Push, push, push, push! Push! Push! All rise! Court is now in session! The Honorable Judge Reginald Cummings presiding. You can be seated. Unfortunately, this case has already been used by both sides to score political points. That ends now. Coming out of here, nothing more to the media. No mention of Aaron Wallace in speeches, no mention of a corrupt Attorney General. Are we clear? Yes, Your Honor. Yes, Your Honor. Good. As for the motion for retrial, I am entirely unconvinced by the argument that there was a rush to judgment or racial animus at play here. When it comes to the conduct of the prosecution, I am troubled by the casual manipulation of eyewitnesses and by the disclosure issues surrounding the criminal informant. But those factors, while serious, are not enough to trigger the cost and expense of a lengthy retrial. However... when one adds to the mix the abundant enthusiasm and confounding specificity with which the District Attorney pursued this case, all seemingly triggered by the overdose of Ms. Richardson, it's clear to me not that Mr. Wallace is guilty or innocent, but that, as a matter of law, the errors that I described cannot be said to be harmless. As a result... I am compelled to find that a retrial is warranted. Yes! Mr. Wallace deserves an opportunity to present his defense before a new and impartial jury. Accordingly, the previous judgment of conviction is set aside, and a new trial is ordered with all deliberate speed. Hey! Meet your grandson  Aaron Wallace, 7 pounds, 11 ounces. I missed it. Hey, you'll meet him soon enough. I'm a grandfather. Wow. Congratulations. I took your word for it all along, but I've read all the transcripts now. I heard what the judge said. If I'd have ever known what you did  We were aggressive where we needed to be. We got the job done. And the man is guilty. Maybe. Or maybe he's not. And do you know what that would mean for me? Spencer, there is no way this bounces back at you. I'm not talking about my reputation! If I'm in any way responsible for that man losing  Make it go away, Glen. Make it go away. Yo, Wallace. You got a visitor. You did well. I was impressed. Especially with how you tracked down Lexi Richardson. We'd been protecting that for a long time. Because she was young and didn't do anything wrong. But I guess your wife wasn't particularly concerned with that when she went snooping through Lexi's confidential patient files. What she did was a HIPAA violation, and that's a felony. Now, I know that kind of infraction rarely warrants such an aggressive approach, but in this case, when the information was used to sway a judgment on another felony charge, I can make a pretty strong argument for evidence tampering there. You son of a bitch. Combine that with the forged letter from the Jose Rodriguez case  I haven't even dug deep there yet. Then your friend Jamal Bishop, he's gonna get charged with attempted murder. There's a self‐defense argument for that. Not when OSI's got a dozen prisoners who will say they heard Bishop bragging how he was gonna take Dawkins out. Courtesy of the warden. Bottom line is, I have a way for all of this to come to an end. For both of us. Abandon your efforts at a retrial. In exchange, I take it easy on your wife and make sure your friend gets taken care of, too. You leave my wife alone  I haven't gotten to the best part. Clemency for you. In six months' time, you could be going home to your family. Clemency? I can do all that now that I'm Attorney General. Clemency? Not exoneration? Now that you've got your retrial, we're back to square one. This just becomes a plea bargain. We call it time served, and you can be out. But I'd still be a felon. Well, I can't change that. And what about my law license? I gotta be able to practice. So you can keep coming after me? No. This is who I am now. Even if you swore you wouldn't, I could never afford to believe that. You should've taken the deal nine years ago. This is a second chance. Take the deal, and you'll be able to breathe fresh air and hold that grandson of yours in your arms. That's pretty good for a guilty man. Let me ask you a question. If I was a white man who owned a club  with a family, no record  would you have made the same assumptions? The girl you put in the hospital was black. Her father's black. I was helping them. No. No. You exploited them. For the same reason you exploited me. To get ahead. You can keep fighting if you really feel what I'm offering isn't fair. But I know you're not too sure if you're safe here. It's a shame Mr. Hunt had to go ahead and end the lockdown before your transfer order was processed. Now looks like that's gonna be delayed indefinitely. You're a very smart man, Mr. Wallace. Smarter than I ever gave you credit for. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 