For Life: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 For Life 
 s1e8 - Daylight - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 For Life (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Daylight - full transcript 
 In order to maintain his lifeline to the outside world, Aaron is forced to defend Cassius Dawkins when he puts three white supremacists in the hospital. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Belonged to Marie's mother. You know Aaron never signed the divorce papers. She needs to live, but she can't do that as long as you're filling her head with false hope. There's no reason to say that anything's gonna happen for me anytime soon. I can't ask you to wait. That guy... Any time he up for release, he figure out a way to get locked up. He ain't got nothing to lose. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 This is my table, and you got the colored section right back there. As long as we get them two pitted against each other, we just wait and see who's standing after the dust clears. Holy smokes. Pal, what happened to you? Moral clarity. You oughta try it sometime. We ruined people's lives. How many lives, Glen, while we were doing our jobs? I used to think I was good. Someone who cared about people, stood for something. It's always the hard decisions that start the slide. You push 'em outta your head, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 or you look away from 'em for just a second, and before you know it, that second becomes an hour, and that day becomes a year. Pretty soon, the urgency to do the right thing fades into some dull ache that barely gnaws on ya anymore. From there, it doesn't take long before you find yourself rationalizing more and more of your decisions, 'til one day you realize you're not even close to the person you thought you'd be. Well, you might be able to put that in a box in the corner of your mind, to swallow the disappointment about what you've become. If you can't... you may wake up one morning years later with a pit the size of a volleyball in your stomach, facing an existential question... you gonna keep doing what you're doing... or are you gonna stand up, change your life? I signed the divorce papers. Just when you got a shot at getting out? What-chu do that for? She gave them to me two years ago. I've been sitting on them, holding her hostage... Yeah, okay. So, Marie been hammering you to sign 'em, huh? She hasn't had the heart. So, what? what? what's... what's all this about? If you love someone, you set them free? Somethin' like that, yeah. What did Jazz say? I can't reach her, not without my phone. Hey, you... you better get to her before Marie does. You can't take your eye off the ball now. You lost a big chance with Angelo skipping town, but you still got the paper trail. You were married, right? Three times. I told you that. What's going on? Is there something with Marie? I could've done things different. Even before I was arrested. Going back in time's not gonna help you now, Aaron. You need to focus on what's in front of you. The election's in six weeks. You need to hit Maskins. Hard. You need to make it personal. You need to go after his character. You need to attack him on his history on race. Well, that's easy. - I've got a whole stack of... - No, no, hold on. I'm talking history, and I got the case. Back in '97/'98, there was this triple murder on Long Island. Two handymen... one black, the other Latino... were arrested for the murder of the white wealthy family they were working for. It was a big splashy case at the time. The Latino guy hanged himself in Greenhaven about three years into his sentence, but the other guy, Easley Barton, is still alive. About six years ago, when I was still a State Senator... Mm-hmm. Some Long Island cop sent me a letter saying he had concerns about the conviction. - What'd you do about it? - Nothing. And now I can't find the letter, but I swear the whole thing smelled dirty to me even back when it happened. The racism, the rush to judgment, the usual BS. And you did nothing? I was drunk and a coward, and the DA on the case was my friend and mentor. You mean Burke? The Attorney General? He was overseeing. But the lead prosecutor in the case was a young and upcoming hotshot named Glen Maskins. And you're not worried about going after the Attorney General? I am. I mean, it's personally painful and professionally stupid, but I think this could be gold for you. Okay, where do we start? With the cop? Be nice if I could remember his name, but I gotta believe I can find him. If... If I do, he's bound to have some evidence or a lead. What about, um, Barton? - Easley Barton? - Yeah. He at Bellmore? I've never heard about him. He's... He's at Clinton. I'm gonna get him transferred here. How you gonna do that? I still got some friends out there. Now, what's going on with your phone situation? I'm working on it. If we're gonna get this done in the time we have, we need to be able to communicate. I hear you. I'll get it done. No, are you not seeing the optics? I have a prisoner transferred here so that Aaron Wallace can work with him to attack my wife's rival? I get it, and I wouldn't put you in that position. I just need to know you'd sign off. I've never dinged a transfer, but Wallace doesn't go to court unless Anya signs off. I've cost her too much with this already. The board giving you a rough time? I'm getting it from all angles these days. Just remember, it's only when everybody's really fighting you you can be sure you're doing the right thing. Oh, get out, Henry. Thank you. What's up, fellas? Hey. It ain't your time. It is now. What you gonna do, soap me up, bitch? Guard! Guard! Aah! Guard! What happened, Mr. Dawkins? They attacked me, ma'am. It was self-defense. You don't seem to be hurt. It ain't my fault I know how to defend myself. Well, now you and everyone else involved are on cell restriction. No phone, no yard, no cafeteria. One shower a week and one hour of rec time alone. Until the hearing. I get a hearing, right? Yeah. Yeah. Of course you get a hearing. Look at old Wild Bill over there, licking his wounds, trying not to act like a little bitch. You got any idea how it all went down? Man, all I know... Cassius went in the shower, now there's three Nazis in medical. I mean, you gotta give it to him. Man got balls of steel. Yeah. Man also got my burner. Wait, nah. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. Listen, you don't want to get mixed up with him. Yo, you open for visitors? Look at that. You smell I need a lawyer, and you come running. You want the best, or you want to try your hand with a rep from another Block? I'm a little surprised you here, knowing you repped the little Hitlers. That was a one-time deal, and it came at a price. So, what's it gonna cost me? Phone banks... and private line. All come back my way. Well, you know I want my attorney to have all the necessary resources, but I can't help you while I'm on these restrictions. I win the case, - and you will... - You win the case, then everything's good. Hearing's in a couple of days. I'll do my research and get back to you. Lawyer Man. Just know I expect your best seeing as you came knocking on my door. Got all the witness statements from the guards, but the Aryans aren't saying a word to me. Well, I can't force them to talk. Well, it's not like I can subpoena them. I'd appreciate it if you could exert some pressure, get my client a fair hearing. You know he walked into that shower looking for trouble. He walked in that shower - looking to take a shower. - Thank you. He didn't even know they were in there. Is that what he told you? I'm prisoner rep. I can't tell you what he told me. He's dangerous, Aaron. And I don't say that lightly, given some of the other people who reside here. But everyone deserves a defense. I know. I just wish he didn't have someone as good as you. I'm flattered. But I'm still gonna take the case. Which means I'm gonna need access to the security cams and some pre-interview time with the guards who broke up the fight. - You'll have it. - Thank you. And... And thanks for not standing in the way of that prisoner transfer. I haven't decided yet whether I can let you go to court for it. I'll appreciate it if you don't hold the Dawkins thing against me. One thing has nothing to do with the other. I don't think I really understand what he goes through in there. After all these years, for him to finally... let me go. You met this guy when you were 23. And I know how intense it is, how entangled you are. Just because you have history doesn't mean it has to go on forever. But what if I still love him? Do you? I don't know. I feel like I don't know anything anymore. Well, Darius is a good man. If you want a real shot with him, you got to tell him. He's gonna ask when it happened. The longer you wait, the harder it's gonna be to explain. Erie, Jefferson, and Wayne Counties are where the CO endorsement is going to hurt us the worst. The towns depend on the prisons. It's like a jobs program up there. So, when your wife talks about closing them... I get it, Jared, but let's stop beating the drum like we're out of this. No, of course not. There are other unions and newspaper endorsements that are in play. A repudiation of Safiya's position, and we can... I'm not doing that. - The polling data already shows... - Stop. I need you both to hear me. We've already lost the CO endorsement, and we all know that the other law enforcement unions may follow. I'm not fighting Maskins for scraps. That's not what anyone is... There's daylight to the left. If I run as a progressive, we can outflank Maskins. Changing your image this late in the game... Requires a bold move, and I've got it. A series of town halls in the prisons for the prisoners, starting at Bellmore. Did you forget the part about how when you convict people with felonies, you take away their right to vote? It's not about them. It's about their aunts, uncles, cousins. There are 47,000 inmates. That's 47,000 families. Give me a sec. You're panicking. No, I'm pivoting. Have you even thought about the conflict of interest for Safiya? Inviting you to her prison for what is basically a campaign event for you? It's not a conflict. As soon as we're done, she invites Glen Maskins to have his turn. He'd never show up for that. They'd slaughter him. Exactly. But the offer will have been made. Was this Safiya's idea? Yeah, and a damn good one. Well, last I heard, you were on the couch, or she was on the couch, and you were on your way to couples counseling. Well, neither one of us has time for that. But she always has my back. You don't sign a waiver, you don't get to be in the show. I sure hope this works. We agreed we need to be bold. This is bold. Okay, we got three sections. On the left, those are the lifers. I put the guys I think might be the better talkers - in the front rows. - Great. You'll get about 100 per session, so do your thing, rinse, and repeat. And Tom will be here to oversee, and I'll check in later. Are you alright? Oh, it's nothing I can't manage. COs! Back in your cell! The hell happened? It's crazy, man. That dude just burned himself. They do this to you? Just get me to medical. Come on. Get him out of here. Come on. Let's move. Take him to medical. You can't see Dawkins, but that's Bobby talking to him. He orchestrated it from his own cell. The inmate who got scalded won't talk. Claims it was an accident. I want Dawkins segregated for 72 hours as a cooling-off period. Cut him off from his crew. No visitors, no contact. Where, exactly? Clear out a tier. You clearing out all the cells? Orders from the superintendent. I got to be confidential with my client. Yeah. I thought your lady friend didn't believe in solitary. And you didn't give her much choice. Man, I was in my cell. Can't nobody pin that water-tap thing on me. You won the first round in the shower. You didn't have to up the ante before the hearing. And now I got to deal with all this, too? You'll figure it out. We both know what's in it for you if you get it done. Well, now we got to be more aggressive with your defense. See, Wild Bill's gonna testify that you provoked the whole thing, that you could have walked out of there the second you saw he was in there with three of his guys. So, I'm not entitled to a nice, safe shower? His men were badly injured. You walked out of there untouched. Which means you knew you could handle yourself. And that makes it look like you went there looking for a fight. So, now I lose, 'cause I won? We got to show it was self-defense. Which means you got to testify. Nah. You gotta counter what they say. You do that. Gotta come from you. Testifying is like snitching. You gotta make them charges go away. It's not snitching. Look, you say nothing, you lose. If you lose, you gotta stay here, wherever... this is. Alright, Lawyer Man. But you got to put up some kind of fight about this solitary. Well, I'm gonna need a down payment for my services. One call. Your old lady? They say she's still a dime. Can you get a kite through about it or not? Hm. 235 at Bellmore Correctional. Hey, sweetheart. Listen, I, um, need to tell you something. You're scaring me, Dad. No. It's okay. It's, uh... What is it? Come on. It's... Well, a couple years ago, your mother gave me some divorce papers to sign. Yeah? Well, I signed them. What?! Why?! All this time, she let me sit on them, and she didn't say anything about it. And I don't want you putting this on her. But why now, when you might be getting out soon? Well, it was just good... This is a monitored and recorded call from Inmate 10-B-316... What's going on? - They're getting divorced. - At Bellmore Correctional. Your mom didn't tell you? Listen, I don't know what's going on with my case. It was just... It was time. Grandpa came to visit you. Didn't he, Dad? Don't lie to me. It... It's not about that. But he had every right. And I'd do the same for you. No, I am not here to tell you what a failure the prison system is, how it breaks people down, tears apart your families. Y-You already know that, right? You live that. Now, I do have some ideas about how we can change the way we deal with crime in this state, but first, I want to hear from you. Directly. You evicted 16 people, people who did nothing wrong, just to segregate Dawkins? We transferred their belongings. It takes them months to organize their cells and get them just the way they want them. Those are their homes. And they will be back. But you can't just keep him in solitary. - It's not solitary. - Oh, that's funny, 'cause there's no one in the cells next to him, and he doesn't get to talk to anybody all day but me, so... It's a time-limited cool-off period. It's preventative, not punishment. Call it a time-out. We're not children. And I don't even think you can prove what they're saying about the water tap. This guy has been nothing but trouble since the minute he set foot in here, and you know it. So, look me in the face and tell me he's not the one provoking all this. I'm gonna look you in the face and ask you if you're really trying to get me to forfeit his due process. What does he have on you? We both know you have a history of hiding important details from me. - I'm prison... - Prison rep, yeah. The man has rights. That's all there is to it. The hearing will now be for both tickets... the shower and the water tap. Until then, he remains segregated. And so, the wife calls me over, and I'm telling them about the motion detectors and the sound alarms on the windows and the husband goes, "You know, maybe we'll just get a dog." And the wife shoots him this look, and he says, "And a shopping spree at Louis Vuitton?" Exactly. Good answer. I didn't even have the heart to tell him how much more that was gonna cost him. Uh, I'm sorry. I got to take this. - I'll be right back. - Mm-hmm. This is Darius. You alright? Yeah. Fine. Come on. Something's going on. Tell me. Dad got his phone privileges back, at least for one day. Oh. Did he call you? When were you gonna tell me? I don't know. I haven't even told Darius yet. Well, Grandpa made Dad do it. What?! - Did you send him? - No! He went to the prison? Your father told you that? No, I figured it out. He said he was going to the airport. I can't believe I didn't realize it. Well, you can't file the papers. You can't divorce Dad until we see what happens with his retrial. He doesn't have a retrial, Jazz. He doesn't even have enough to file a motion to get one yet. It could still take years. So, this is what you want? Why even help him with his case? Because he's the father of my baby, and she wants him out more than anything in the world. And you don't? Look me in my eyes and tell me you don't love Dad. Tell me, Mom. Just tell me you don't love him. Not even my first husband would buy that load. And he went bankrupt three times. - Andie. - No. Frank is number four, jackass. Andie. Holy crap. Listen, Jimmy, sell it some place else. I'm not buying. Geez! Rossy, have a cocktail. You look like a freaking refugee. I quit. Sorry to hear it. Everybody says I'm a lot easier to be around. Better for them worse for you? Well, less fun, but clearer skies. - What the hell is all this? - Didn't you hear? - Hmm? - Print is dead. And this old dog is still eager. What do you need? I know this ain't a social call. You remember a triple in Suffolk County? Late '90s? You wrote a couple pieces about it. Sure. The handymen duct-taped - the crap out of the whole family... - Mm-hmm. Ransacked the house. - Both guys got 25 to life. - Mm. I think one of 'em's dead. It's the other one I'm thinking about. Barton? Easley Barton? I gotta track down one of the cops on the case. - You got a name? - Nah. Guy wrote me a letter a bunch of years ago. Not a name I knew. I figured if someone had dirt, maybe they came to you? Sorry. I haven't even thought of that one in a decade. Anybody you think might have a bead on it? Yeah. Maybe. Name's Tommy Gagliardi. Mm-hmm. Retired about three years ago. If he's not out on his crappy little boat, he's probably down at the Bait and Tackle in Breezy Point. Why does this suddenly feel like old times? Thanks, sweetie. He already talked to Jazz. Got to her before I had a chance. How'd she take it? I-I just need to wait until after the baby's born, after the school year. You know, I need her healthy, and I need her focused on her work. Oh, yeah, sure. I-I think you're right. Thank you. I know this is hard for you. When did he give you these? A few days ago. I've just been trying to digest it. What made him do it now? I don't know. I guess he... You didn't ask him to sign? My dad went to see him. Well, that figures. Yeah. Just one conversation, huh? He's a force of nature. Hmm. Well, I gotta get back to work. I'll call you later. Prisoner Rep Wallace. We're scheduled for a hearing. Man, why you always trying to get out of here so hard? You kidding me? You got it made, man. The rep, the status, you come and go as you please. Come and go to what? To see men in green pajamas about all their problems? You soft. Yeah, and you forgot what freedom tastes like. I remember. It tastes bitter, man. Mm, I guess you never had a wife and child. On the outside, I was nothing. In here, I got chiseled into a fine machine. And that right there is the convict mentality. It's a pity you don't see your own potential. It's a pity you don't see beyond these walls. This... inmate... he ambushed us, pure and simple. But there were three of you. Yeah, but, uh, he had the element of surprise. And a shiv. I mean, we're not pussies, but when you have a little bitch like him come and sneak up on you... And this shiv. Where'd it go? How the hell would I know? And no one found it. You see the cut on Jimmy? What do you think, a fingernail did that? You ever disarm anyone? Use their own weapon against them? Yeah, sure. But he didn't do that. Now, about two weeks ago in the cafeteria, there was an incident between you and Mr. Dawkins. Like I said, okay, this little bitch just did not know his place. He was sitting at our table, and we asked him to leave. - And did he? - Oh, yeah, he left. Pretty quick, too. So, after he publicly disrespected you, you decided to retaliate, send him a message. Believe this. If we wanted to retaliate, that little boy wouldn't be sitting next to you now. So, you acknowledge that you use violence to enforce your social codes? So, they jumped you? Straight up. And the shiv? One of the white dudes had it. Must have tossed it when they were screaming for the COs. So, it's a coincidence that on two separate occasions, you found yourself surrounded by members of the Brotherhood? It was my first day here. How was I supposed to know where to sit? But now that you've been here, you're saying you didn't know the Brotherhood showers there at that time? Everyone in here knows that. I gotta live and let live, man. The Aryans always make things about, "This is our space," or, "This is our table." We all here together. We all gotta get along, right? And your attempt to get along involved walking into a place where four members of the Brotherhood were showering? Yo, I get it. They all full of hate, but this... And ordering your guys to scald another member of the Brotherhood. Now, how I'm supposed to do that? And monopolizing the phone banks so that no one gets a call without your say-so? We do what we gotta do to make sure everything's orderly. So, you already run the phones and see your role as enforcing order? Look, man, them Nazi pussies jumped me, okay? They say otherwise. Well, they lying. Except everything you do in here says otherwise. Snitching bitches. Come on. Is there a question here? No, I think we're done. Okay, if that's all there is, I'm ready to render my decision on these matters. Nah, I need some time. I mean, we need some time. We're entitled to offer a rebuttal. Um, I need an adjournment. Day or two. I don't see how an adjournment would... Hey, it's prison. No one's going anywhere. Fine. You want a couple of days? We'll finish up then. Thank you. Were you aware that Cassius Dawkins made a move on the phones? I'd heard rumors, yeah. But you didn't mention anything? If no one's getting hurt, we leave the inmates to work these things out, like, uh, where people sit in the cafeteria. And we've seen how well that's worked out. We can't treat them like children. W-W-What about people like Santana? Or Boylan? The weaker inmates who may like to speak to their families... What if they get cut off from the phones or extorted? We haven't had any complaints. And you choose to bring this up today, in the hearing, instead of telling either one of us about it? I apologize, ma'am. I thought you knew. Well, you can go. Well done. Have you looked at our seal lately, Captain Foster? What does it say, Tom, right there on the wall? Uh, it says, "New York State Department of Corrections" and Community Supervision." Oh, do you see that? "Community Supervision." And do you know why it doesn't just say "Corrections," Captain Foster? Because almost every single inmate who is locked up in this facility will eventually go home to their communities. And what does that mean, Tom? It means we need to ensure that they maintain connections. And how do you maintain connections to your community, Captain? There are a lot of ways. Telephones, Captain. Telephones. If a dozen other of our quiet, head-down, just-doing-their-time inmates either can't get to the phones or have to pony up their asses or their commissary to Cassius Dawkins for the privilege, is that the kind of thing you think I might want to know about? When you put it like that, yes, ma'am. That's right. So, in the future, when any inmate, especially Cassius Dawkins, starts to throw his weight around, I expect you to come to me. You got it? Yeah, I need you to go to Foster. - That's the play now. - Yeah, for what? Get him to testify. But he didn't see anything. He got there after it was all over. You can work around that, though. Y'all put your heads together. I'm not gonna coerce a captain into perjuring himself. He ain't been nothing but a headache for you. This is your chance to put him in his place. You already know about the carrot. Don't make me tell you about the stick. Soda water in a whiskey glass. You miss it? Trying not to. Hey, you used to be a captain in Suffolk County PD? RDO, or did you finally cash out? I did almost 31. I figured it was time to improve my fishing. Well, here's to that and a couple of fat stripers. Weren't you one of the guys on that triple? Late '90s, maybe? - Yeah, sure. - Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Hey, you're Roswell, right? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I-I'm looking to track down one of the DTs on that case. I can't remember his name. How come? Guy sent me a letter a while ago. Billy wrote you a letter? Billy...? You know what? Piss off. And take your 12-step-making-amends crap outta my bar. Nice talking to you. Hey. Hope I'm not interrupting. Any excuse not to do calculus. Ohh. Your mom's working tonight. Anything special you want for dinner? Chinese? I'm in the mood for moo sh... Hmm. Shrimp spring rolls, string beans with black bean sauce, brown rice? You memorized my orders. I really love your mom. And I really love you, Jazz. I hope you know that. I got this. Huey said you wanted a word. I'm here on behalf of my client. He seems to think you may have something to add in regard to his defense. You read my report. What do you think I could possibly say that would help him? I don't know. So, I'm supposed to come up with it myself? It's your testimony, and you'd be the one under oath. He sent men to my house. - I don't want to hear things like that. - They tied up my wife, my father... They put a gun to my head! Foster, you're a captain. How'd you get here, man? I don't know. I don't know. Captain Foster, I understand you have information about the incident? Yes. As I stated in my incident report I did not see the actual altercation as it happened inside the shower enclosure, but I did hear some chatter from some of Wild Bill's gang that made clear to me that... this was a premeditated assault on Mr. Dawkins. And what other facts lead you to believe that Mr. Dawkins was acting in self-defense? After the altercation, we tossed the cells, including Wild Bill's. I recovered a shiv with what appeared to be fresh blood. Whoa. Hold on. I'm not done. - Was that in the report? - Hey. No. It happened afterwards. So, where's the shiv? During the cell search I put it on the toilet and... it fell in. I was unable to recover it. Did you put that in the supplemental? No. I was embarrassed that I lost it, so I didn't note it anywhere. So, why come forward now? Look, I-I screwed up. Bad. And, you know, I didn't really want to stick my neck out, but... You thought it was right? I didn't want some guy in segregation 'cause I decided to cover my own ass. Like a... Like a principle thing, you could say. Things happen. You did the right thing. As to the additional allegations that Mr. Dawkins directed the burning of Inmate Garrett? No information was provided to me in the course of the investigation that showed that Mr. Dawkins was involved in the scalding incident. And the surveillance footage? In my view, the... the video was insufficient to prove he ordered or orchestrated the attack. I don't know why you just did that. Nothing's worth the price of your soul. Turns out I like having a lawyer on the team. Handy. That's why you wanted it to begin with. You knew from when you first got here it was gonna play out this way. If I didn't have this, would you have repped me the way I needed you to? I told you. I'm just trying to get home. Problem is, you're more valuable to me here. Ms. Sprite? Hi. I'm here to see Billy. - You want to see Billy? - Mm-hmm. He died two years ago. I'm so sorry. He wrote me a letter... ma'am. Your... Your husband... he wrote me about a case six years ago. And I was drunk. And I was stupid. And I should have called him, but I didn't. He wrote hundreds of letters about that case, you know. - Yeah. - It ate him up. Well, you're here now, so why don't you come with me? He was a good cop, you know. I'm sure he was. It's all in there. I don't know what to say. Those bastards in the DA's office drove him out of the force. You figure out what's in there. You make it right. My Billy will rest easier. God bless you. Mr. Barton? Who are you? My name's Aaron Wallace. I'm an attorney. I'm the reason you were transferred here. So, it was Foster, - the fat guard who sells the steaks? - Yeah. He's... He's also almost certainly been selling the drugs all along. And now he's owned... - literally owned by one of the inmates. - Geez. I mean, I'd heard about this kind of crap at other places, but today, it was in my face. I mean, it was so brazen, it was humiliating. From what I saw in there, what I heard from the people, the town hall, they're plenty angry at the system, but they really respect you. Well, not the 16 I threw out of their cells to create my time-out tier. I lost them for good. Listen to me. Okay? What you're trying to do in there is incredible. Really. Henry Roswell came to see me. He and Wallace want to go after Maskins in a big way. It's an old case from the beginning of his career. Easley Barton. You heard? Yeah. I remember the case. And I'm sure it was a rush to judgment, so if you think Barton is innocent and we can do some good there, I say go for it. You're not worried about how it'll look? Not anymore. Thank you. Anyway, my team thinks Wallace hitting Maskins right now is exactly what we need. So have at it. We all want to win. For our team, for our cause, for whatever we decide is important to us. It takes a rare person who can push all that aside and act on... principle. Forgetting about what they want, forgetting about the outcome. Just trying to do what's right. It's almost always the idea of something good that drives decent people to do indecent things... and weak people to forget all about what they ever wanted to accomplish in the first place. That's why, when I look around at the communities we've shattered and the people we've broken... all I can think is it's time to trash the whole damn thing. Tear down everything we used to believe in. And just start all over. From scratch. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 