Big Love: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Big Love 
 s1e11 - Where There's a Will - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Big Love (2006–2011): Season 1, Episode 11 - Where There's a Will - full transcript 
 The Salt Lake City Leadership League recruits Bill. Barb continues the process to become Mother of the Year. Bill continues to make moves against Roman. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Ow! All right. Come on. Barb's house. Meeting. Now! Did you hear her rototilling at 6:00 in the morning? It's like a giant cavity being filled in the backyard. And when she's finished with her section, she wants to do ours. Incoming. Okay. That much close to the grass-- No more dirt in diapers. - Morning, Margie. - Morning. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Clogs, please. All right. Lee Hatcher sent over the wills to sign. - Oh, do we have to? - Yes, we have to. The one I have now says Cindy gets custody of my children. And until you sign yours, your children will go to whomever the law decides. We have no choice. So this is where we are. It's a, uh, my-death-plus-two formula. If one of us dies, the kids go to Bill. If one of us dies and Bill dies, kids follow the rule and go to second wife; with the exception of second wife-- meaning you, Nicki-- If you die and Bill dies, you can't give your kids to second wife, because that's you, and you're already dead, so you pass yours on to first wife, me. Got it? Me, Bill-- Nicki. You, Bill-- Nicki. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Nicki, Bill-- you, on account of Nicki already being dead. See? Simple simple. Well, if anything happens, I know the kids will be taken care of. This is a big day for us. We've come a long way together. I am so proud of us. Not that many people are this lucky. All right, just sign yours and give them to Bill, and he'll put them in the safety deposit box. I am happy. I love you both so much. You're overheated. Put on a hat. Hey, has my guest, Bill Henrickson, arrived yet? - Yes, he's sitting over there.  - Ah, yes. Stuart, how are you? Please, don't get up. Good to see you. - Hey, Stu.  - How are you? - Uh, Bill Henrickson. - Mr. Kimball. - Uh, Stuart, please. - Oh. - I'm sorry I'm late. - Oh, I haven't been here very long. - Please, sit sit sit. - Thank you. I was uh, delighted that you accepted my invitation. I've been looking forward to this for some time. - Good morning, Mr. Kimball. - Hi, Tammy. Would you bring us two juices, please? Of course. Well, uh, you play? Golf? Uh... Well, my wife and I used to play. I'm more the hunter-fisherman type. Oh, thank you, Tammy. We'll order in a minute. Okay. So, Bill, um... do you know why I asked you to meet me? No, sir, I really don't. Bill, I am the chairman of recruitment for the Salt Lake Leadership League. We're a group of businessmen who come together to promote the city and the state. Oh, I'm very well-versed in the league, sir. I-- I'm an admirer. You're not just a business network, you're true public benefactors. Well, thank you. And we're impressed with you, too. We would like to invite you to be a member, and I would like to be your sponsor. You'll have to excuse me, sir. I'm-- I'm-- I'm very flattered. I'm honored. I just wonder if-- if I've got the time. I'm-- well, my business is in its infancy. Nurturing it to where it wants to be is-- well, it's-- it's a-- it's a full-time job. Well, we don't invite many candidates to the table, Bill. I don't-- I don't quite know what to say. I'll tell you what: don't say anything for the moment. Let's get to know each other, and then we'll see where we stand, hmm? Fair enough. - Good morning, Mr. Henrickson. - Morning. There's an Ernest Holloway here to see you. He insisted. He's over in housewares. Thank you, Wendy. Those are all the shares I've been issued, going back to 1962. We talked about you at the UEB meeting yesterday. They joked for over a half an hour-- all the ways they'd like to see you gone. They also talked about negotiating a contract with Nasa to sell clay from one of the mines we own in moab for the heat shields on the shuttle. They don't believe we even went to the moon, yet they're in business with the agency that didn't go there. I'll take these UEB shares to my lawyer for an opinion and see whether you can sell them and whether I can buy them. How much do you think those things are worth, huh? I don't know. We'll have to figure out some valuation process. Thank you, Ernest. Thank you. You have no idea how this information helps me. Rhonda's coming this afternoon. - Coming here? - Mm-hmm. For how long? Spring break. She's representing Juniper Creek in a drama competition at the U. - Where is she staying? - Sarah. With Nicki. It's easy to sit around and pass judgment. It's more difficult and more meaningful to love someone. Mom, I spent the entire afternoon with her at Wayne's birthday party. She's like from another world. And I think she stole my iPod. Well, maybe the week she spends with us will have a positive effect. Let her see how a normal, healthy family can live. H ello. Oh, hi. Yeah, hold on. Ben, Brynn's on the phone. Tell her I'll call her back. You want me to lie again? No, thank you. You do your own dirty work. Sarah, come on. Brynn, can he call you back? Everything okay? I don't want to talk to her right now. Why? I think maybe we're moving too fast. Does that sound stupid? Not at all. Hold back, Benny. Please hold back. You'll regret it if you don't. I wish I'd been as smart as you. I don't know if I'm that smart. You are. I wasn't. It was just some boy from the apartments next door. You're lucky. You were taught it's something sacred. Yeah, it is. Barb, can I talk to you for a second? Oh, honey, close that door. That fertilizer smell is lethal. Sorry. Oh, sorry. So... I love what you said this morning-- I loved it-- about how far we've come, but can I have my kids go to you instead of Nicki? Margie, why would you say that? We love Nicki. Well, she's a wonderful mother. Oh, it's not about her being bad, it's just-- you're so good and-- I mean it. Lester and Aaron reach for you before they reach for me. I think that's more important than anything. They should go to you. It's what I want. Uh, well... How are you gonna tell her? No, I can't tell her. That would hurt her feelings. But maybe I could just get your permission to talk to the attorney and have it changed. And just tell him it's confidential. Totally confidential. You wanted to see me about your will? Yes. Mmm, Barb is a wonderful woman, a wonderful mother. We're very close. But I can't leave my children to her. In the event of my death and Bill's death, I'd like my children to go to my parents at Juniper Creek. So remove Barb from your will? Stuart Kimball? I mean-- He's a real nice guy, Don, real nice. Product recall on a sink? Honey, uh, Bill met with, uh, Stuart Kimball. He's been invited to join the Leadership League. Dream come true. Guys, do you know what this means? First member says, "I want to lay fiber optic cable along the front." Second member says, "I've got a bank. I'll lend you the money for it." Or a third member says, "I wanna build a 20-story hotel." And the fourth member says, "I'll sell you the materials." And the fifth member says, "No, thanks. You're a polygamist." And nobody lives happily ever after. Come on. We spend our whole lives tap dancing. This is just one more "for instance." The League is a swarm of LDS. We juggle. You've been in rotary for how many years? Long time. Peg, you've been chairperson of PEO for how long? I resigned. I see the bigger picture. We provide decent jobs for decent people, and I'm proud of that. But I wanna be more than-- than just a store, and the League makes that possible. Someday, I'd like to give grants, support institutions, award scholarships. Look at that McDonald's widow. Look at Paul Newman. Peg's become a purist. She will not voluntarily belong to any organization that does not accept us. Don, this could be huge. - Mrs. Henrickson? - Yes. I'm Wendell Peller, the photographer from "The Tribune." For the mother-of-the-year layout? Oh, good night. I am so sorry. I completely forgot. Well, yeah. Yeah, sure. Come in, come in. Well, we'll just have to do catch-as-catch-can. Where do you want us? Maybe in the front yard? Actually, no. Inside's better. The kitchen's good. That's where most families really live. This way? No, here. We live in the dining room. It's a bit formal, but it's who we are. It's a-- awfully big table. We do a lot of hobbies here-- model ships, planes, cars, uh, puzzles. Busy, you know? Tancy, why don't you go up and get Ben and Sarah? Okay. May I offer you something to drink? So you volunteer at American Cancer Society and Hospice? Yes. Hey, who are these little guys? This is my neighbor Nicki. And these are her sons, Wayne and Raymond. - Well, hi there. - Hello. Uh, we came by to borrow some hot dogs. In the meat drawer. Aren't we going to be in the picture, Barbara? Oh, this is just for family, little guy. Okay. All right, let's have a nice big smile. Here we go. - How long has this been going on? - I don't know. This is this morning. That judas. Yeah, that's enough. Get it out of here. It's a pleasure to meet you. Hi, it's nice to meet you. Um, it's what I said on the phone, I need to change my will. I'd like to change it from Nicki to Barb-- who gets my children. Uh, Lee, judge Winslow's clerk is on the phone. Could you excuse me a moment? I'm sorry I didn't get to meet you earlier. I have that new will for you. Wow! That's fast. Um, uh... Oh, hmm, no, this isn't right. Uh, I want to leave them to Barb, not take them from her. Wait. I'm not Nicki, I'm Margie. The compound? Yes. I want my kids to go to my mother. Why? Why would you do that? It's this place. It's the bad values. Um, not your bad values. You have fine values most of the time. It's the culture here. Culture?! The disrespect, the loose morals. I want my children raised in an environment where God isn't under attack, where God hasn't been taken out of the schools, where the ten commandments are shown in public. We agreed that all the kids would stay together. So if I die and Bill dies and you get my children, and then you die, then all the kids go to the compound? It's what I want. Well, it's not what I want. Let's just agree to disagree. Nicki, I do not want the kids to go to the compound! All the kids? Or just your kids? Any kids, and certainly not mine. And mine include yours. Lee Hatcher, please. Lee, Barb Henrickson. I need another will sent over, to me. Yes, and and please just leave it blank who I'm leaving Ben, Sarah and Tancy too. No, I'll-- I'll fill it out later. Yes. All right, thank you. - All right, you too. Bye. - Hurry up, Wayne. Barb, you're gonna leave me out of this, right, Barb? "Values"? Oh, the compound is a cesspool. No need to bring me into it, right? Now, I mean, there is no way-- ugh-- on God's green earth that I am gonna give my children-- No reason for Nicki to know that I changed mine, right? Hey, Lee. Thanks for squeezing me in. No problem. Have a seat. Uh, I hope I'm not out of bounds. Are you kidding? What is it? Your wives. Every one of them's come by to change her will. It's a revolving door out there. The post-mortem placement of a child's an important thing, but help me out. I'm going a little nutso here. - I'll deal with it. - You're sure? Piece o'cake. Now, more importantly... Well, your aged friend is free to sell these stocks. These shares predate any reissued buybacks and any UEB first refusal, so he's free to sell, you're free to buy. And this gets me his seat on the UEB council? You buy Holloway's shares-- his seat inures to you. As your attorney-- why are you doing this, may I ask? It's business. As your friend-- baloney. - I know what I'm doing. - I'd recommend you don't do it. As your client, I recommend you figure out how the heck we're gonna put some value on all these. Well, valuation on the worth of a piece of the UEB trust-- It's gonna take time-- couple months. Fine. No rush. Hey. Why haven't you called back? Are you mad at me? - No. - Then what's the matter? Nothing. I just needed to take a run. You're not gonna turn into one of those creeps who don't call, are you? You know I'd never do that. - Look, I'm all sweaty. - I don't care. Is that Ben? And that must be Brynn. What do we do? This. Nicki! Stop it. Stop it, stop it. This is why mothers shouldn't work. We don't work. - Barb should be at home. - We're at home. Hi. Uh, we told your mom we'd pick you up. She had tons of papers to grade. Oh. Uh, well, okay... Everybody, this is Brynn. Hi. I'm Lucy. This is Ethel. These are my neighbors. So where can we take you, Brynn? Um, Sandy Points Drive off South State. Thanks. - Sorry about the sod. - Oh, that's okay. Watch out for grubs. I like your skirt. Target? Um, Gap. So you know Ben's mom and dad? - They're super nice. - Depending. I haven't met them yet. Oh, we know. But I'd like to. You should introduce them, Benny. Yes, you should. Hi, honey. How was your run? Fine. Thanks for the ride, Margie. So we met Brynn. You did? Hmm, yeah. And she wants to meet you. Well, I've set it up three different times with Ben, and every time he's weaseled out of it, so-- Oh, he's probably afraid for you to meet her. They were kissing behind the track. Really kissing. So did you say something to him about it? No. I'm not sure we share the same values on these things. Oh, get off it, Nicki. - I'm going. - No, hey! What is this really about? All right. If I die and Bill dies, I doubt your commitment to the principle, and that's the way I want my children raised, pure and simple. I love your children with all my heart. I know you do, but the reason you're able to go off and work is 'cause Margie and I are here as backstops. I know you hate to hear this, but women are designed to tend to the chicks in the nest while men go out early to gather worms. If women go out to gather worms, who will take care of the chicks? Nicki, that's just not the world we live in. Well, it's the world we should live in. One mother can't do it alone. It really does take a village, Barb. Eggs give her hives, and she won't drink regular milk by itself. It's too rich for her. So mix it with the powdered, and use lots of ice. - She likes it cold. - It smells like cat. - Do you have cats? - No. - I smell cat. - She's allergic. You should keep these in the refrigerator. They can develop bacteria. - Is Sarah home? - I think so. I'll go see. Why don't you go upstairs and unpack? Adaleen, uh, did you take your vitamins? - Yes. - 'Cause you forget. Well, I didn't. I don't know how you deal with her. I love her, and we're all equals. But last night I did dream I was trying to push her out the car door while driving along at a pretty quick clip. Mama, we're making up our wills, and if something were to happen to Bill and I, would you be the legal guardian of my children? Certainly not. Your children go to your sisterwives. You know that. Well, I'm not sure that Barb will continue to live the principle. - What about Marlene? - Margene. Not an option. Nicolette, work it out. Be happy. You were always such a happy baby. Actually, no. That was Christa. Anyway, enough. I have to go. Oh, and make sure that Rhonda's down at the university by 10:00 tomorrow morning. I don't know how she'll do. She's no Roma Downey. "I have become such a liar. I never used to lie about anything once upon a time. Now I have to lie, especially to myself. I've never understood anything about it, except... that one day long ago I found I could no longer call my soul my own." - Wow. - Mmm. That was really good. What play is that from? "Long day's journey into night" by Eugene O'Neill. He was a catholic. It's about a family who's miserable because God's punishing them. We read that last year, and that's not what my teacher said it was about. Oh, yes. Mary Tyrone, the character I'm playing, can't pray. Satan took a hold of her. So now she's a drug addict. So if I win here, I'm going to Washington, DC, for the nationals. And then I'm gonna take a bus to New York City to become a professional actress. Really? How are you gonna do that? Well, I'm gonna live at a dormitory house with a lot of other girls who are actresses, and that way I'll be protected from sin. So you're just gonna leave and not go to school? I haven't gone to school since I was premaritally placed. What does that mean? I'm getting sealed in september. As in "married"? To the prophet. On my birthday. My Lord. I love you. Yes, you do. And very well. You know, you haven't said anything about the Leadership League. Oh, it's kind of amazing. You know, it's truly amazing. I mean, I applied what, eight, nine years ago, got that rejection letter, and now they want me. Well, aren't we the perfect LDS couple. Me, mother of the year, and you on the league. We wanted it so badly. But do we still? Well, I feel like we should, don't you? Well, honey, we had temple recommends then. We're not those people now. Yeah, but we still live in the world. Well, this is why we decided not to live a public life when we could help it. It's like living a lie. But we're always telling little lies, always. We live a life that society doesn't accept. I don't know which lies are good lies and which lies are bad. It's not simple. I don't think you know how much pressure it puts on me with Nicki and Margie-- me being out there like that. Well, what about mother of the year? What makes that so different? Is that a good lie? Beehive mother of the year is a silly little event-- one night as Cinderella at the governor's mansion and then... It's nothing. I thought you of all people would be happy. Honey, I am happy, for you. But for the family, it's complicated. Hannah, where are the batteries? Supposed to be in that drawer. I can't hear without new batteries. Neoma, those Beefsteaks are a heavy plump tomato. I told you 100 times, they need staking. Yes, dear. - Paul Gannett. - Paul! Whoo! Whoo! - Debbie Valance. - All right! - And lastly, Teresa Murdoch. - All right, Teresa! Whoo-hoo! Congratulations to everyone who's moving on to the next round. We'd like to thank all who participated. We're sorry not everyone can be moving on, but good luck, and hopefully, we'll see you again next year. Yes? There was mistake. There must be a Rhonda Volmer on the list. No no. No Rhonda Volmer. Is it because of how I'm dressed, where I'm from? It has to be, because I'm good. Of course not. Every contestant is judged strictly on their merits. As I was saying, you're all winners. Ow! I told her that I volunteered on Orrin Hatch's campaign. She didn't know who he was. So I said that he was in the senate. And she didn't know what that was either. So I tested her, and she's never heard of Dick Cheney or Iraq. I asked her if she knew who George Bush was. She said she wasn't sure, but said, "the leader?" But how can you be surprised? And it's not just the girls either. When my dad got kicked out, he didn't even know that Europe existed. She doesn't know who George Bush is, but she knows "American Idol." And this stupid competition. She's 15 years old and she's getting married to Roman Grant? Hey! I made it. I'm moving on. - Oh, that's so awesome. That's so cool. - Congratulations. - That's incredible. - So exciting. He's inside, on the settee. Who did this? Alby and two others. What do they know? I don't know what they know, but they know enough! Do they know you're transferring your UEB shares to me? I don't know. Hannah, go on in the kitchen. He doesn't deserve this. They are reassigning my wives to other husbands-- my lovely ladies. That'll kill me. They're coming back for Irmay at 5:00. Two members of the council have had their eye on Irmay for a long time. Well, you don't have to give her up just because Roman says so. You don't have to go. But he's the prophet. Well, if-- if he told you to jump off a bridge, would you do it? Look, I'll-- I'll put you all up somewhere in the city. Somewhere where they won't look for you. No. Listen to me! Listen! I'm an old man with no income and no social security. You've got to help me now. You've gotta buy me out now. They'd kill me! Alby said they would kill me! - Nobody's gonna kill anybody. - He said they would. I think we have a yard. Sort of. I brought you this to cool you down. Thank you. Marge. If something were to happen... I do worry about Barb and how she'd raise the kids. And you and I have always kind of clicked, don't you think? So I changed my will to say I want you to take my kids. Me? What about the compound? Well, I've thought about it, and they really should go to my sisterwives. And I'll take yours. Margie? Mm-hmm, just-- I feel really bad, but um, I'm leaving Lester and Aaron to Barb. I know you're a really good mom and everything, and really careful, I-- I just don't-- I just-- I feel like you're not very warm. I am warm. - No, you're not. - Yes, I am. You can't help it. It's not your fault. It-- Don't walk away. What do you want me to do? Gimme a hug. No! I hug people, but I don't hug people just to make a point. Nicki! I know it's a lot of money. I know it's a rush. Just advise me. Would you take it into a second mortgage on one house or divide it over the three? Yeah, I appreciate it. Just let me know how much the bank can give, and let me know how fast you can give it. Oh, hey, Bill. You all set? - You bet. - Okay. The guys in the pro shop are cleaning your clubs. And, you know, I prefer to, um, carry my own bag. It's an old habit. That's fine. You know, Bill, I heard you lecture a few years back. You did? No kidding. Yeah, you were so passionate about your life story, your polygamist origins and how you were saved by the church. I mean, it was truly inspirational. Bit of ancient history, those speeches. Well, I've never forgotten it. What they do to those boys-- kicking them out like that. I mean, that's a blight on mormondom. And people think that we are them. It's just what god put on my plate. You know who you are, Bill? You're the quintessential embodiment of the american dream-- The certainty that enormous opportunities are available if you work hard, no matter where you're from or who your parents are. Would you like to say our prayers together? I don't really do that so much anymore. - Why? - I-- I just don't. Heavenly father, thank you for this lovely day, and thank you for letting me attend this lovely tournament where I know you will help me to succeed. Thank you for bringing me close again to my stepniece and granddaughter-in-law Sarah. And watch over our prophet, Roman, and protect him, in the name of Jesus Christ, amen. I like your friend Heather. I wouldn't trust her, though. I love the hum of the air conditionin. Must be nice living here. Who was that, honey? Stuart Kimball. Who's he? Head of the Leadership League. It's a group of businessmen downtown. I know who they are. I read the papers. What's it about? They've invited me in. Looks like I'll be joining. Why are you even thinking about it? Lee, uh, told me you guys were having problems with the wills. - No. - No? No. Why are you joining? Nicki, this is a good thing. If it's so good, then why didn't you tell me? It just happened. - What's going on around here? - What do you mean what's going on? You out there in the leadership league, and Barb parading around on some fourth of july float as mother of the year? What happens to me and Margie in this picture? What happens to us as a family? Look, Barb just got through dealing with her sister who makes her feel like you-know-what and she's completely cut off from her mother. I understand why she needed this. Fine, but what about you then? Why do you need this? My joining the League translates to putting food on our table, all of our tables. - So it's about money? - It's not about money. It's about dreams. You're putting your own desires before the welfare of your family. This is for the welfare of my family. Which family? The family you had seven years ago or the family you have now? You're gonna have to hide. Hiding makes you half a man. You're hypersensitive. Being second wife is what you're upset about, and it clouds your vision and, frankly, hurts me. What? What's going on? Nothing. Heather. I-- I think that we have to help Rhonda. Help her how? There are places that we can take her. There are place we can go-- Help the Child Brides, Justice for Children, Child Protection Project. They can help her get away. I can't do that. I know that this can put you in a weird situation, but there are ways of helping that just helps and it doesn't put anyone at risk. Um, maybe it's not what we want for her. Maybe she has an opinion. She's a real person... That's being forced to be a wife to a 70-year-old man. He's 76, I know! Just because you're used to it doesn't make it any less shocking. Heather, don't ask me to defend it. It's-- It's horrible, but I can't do anything about it. This is not right, Sarah, and you know it. It would put my family at risk, and I'm not gonna do that. Mr. Henrickson? Wendy? Mr. Henrickson. I came in a nute ago and, um... I inadvertently picked up the wrong file. Thank you. Kimball-Collins. How may I direct your call? - Stuart Kimball, please. - Who's calling? - Bill Henrickson. - One moment, please. - Hello? - Stuart, hey. Bill, thanks for returning. Just wanted to give you a heads up. I had the membership application sent over to your office-- technicality, really, an opportunity for you to give a bit more information about your business and your family. Fine, I'll keep my eye out for it. Good. Hey, uh, by the way, I happened to catch a documentary on TV last night about a polygamist compound. - No kidding. - Unbelievable. They called it "An American Taliban"-- women as prisoners, men as tyrants. You knew a lot of people like that? No, Stuart, I didn't. Do you still have family left back there? Yes, I do. It must weigh on you. It does. - Hey, mom. - Oh, hi, honey. Oh, you smell gamey. Go take a shower. Okay. Ben, why haven't we met Brynn? Uh, I don't know. Just hasn't happened. Well, let's make it happen. I'd like to meet this person that you're spending so much time with. It's not that much time. Ben, no more discussions, no more excuses. I wanna meet her. Hi. Can you tell me what room Rhonda Volmer would be in? Volmer. Volmer? She's not in the competition. She's not? Are you sure? Yes, I'm sure. She was eliminated in the first round yesterday. Aw, they're just at a complete impasse. Nobody'll sign it. Have you thought of giving them each a bracelet or something? Zales gives you a good deal if you're buying more than one. No, that's not gonna fly. Listen, I need to ask you a favor. If I die, Barb dies and Nicki dies, would you, Peg, Verna and Jojo take the kids and raise them in the principle? We'd be honored. Oh, I forgot. This, uh... just came by messenger a few minutes ago for you. Oh boy. Formal application for the Leadership League. You don't have to do it, you know? No, it's the wives-- no matter how many times I try to explain it to them-- what this means, what this could mean to all of us, they just get all emotional. They just don't understand. They want me to say no, but I won't. I mean, sometimes you-- you see those politicians who don't run for president to protect their pill-popping wives or their alcoholic children, and you just know that there's a hole inside of them till their dying day, wondering just... what might have been. True, but we've chosen a life that requires sacrifice. You have to decide that that sacrifice is worth it. Your charity work was important, to be sure, but, truthfully, it was your cancer that sealed the deal. The first lady is trying to shine a light on survivorship this year. You and your fellow finalists are all survivors. Mmm, well, so many people are. True, but most are merely tumors. Luckily for you, yours had metastasized. Just lucky. Part of the final selection is these informal evaluations. As a spokesperson for all the mothers in Utah, poise and presence count. Oh, certainly, of course. In the event you win, you are available to give speeches and make appearances? Speeches? Just-- uh, yes. Are you comfortable in the public eye? Oh, sure. At least in front of my second-graders. Able to attend overnight events? I had no idea this was so demanding. You'd be a statewide role model, very much out in public. Very good. I enjoyed meeting you. Any questions-- you can reach me at the first lady's office. And I'll see you on the big day. Oh, I thought that interview would never end. It's so late to start cooking chicken. I made sloppy joes. There's plenty. Well, thanks. Yeah, that-- that'd be great. So what are we gonna do? Nicki, I can't promise that I'd live the principle if Bill died. I can't. But I love you and I love those two little boys like they were my very own. I know. And I would certainly raise them to respect it and value those who struggle to make it work. Do you think I'm warm? No. So if she dies and Bill dies and I die, then you get Lester and Aaron. Yes. And if she dies and Bill dies and I die, then you get Lester and Aaron. - Margie! - Margie! I never thought this day would come. I'm finally getting out. It's hard to leave a place you've lived your whole life. But it's a new world out there, Ernest-- a better one. Thank you. I don't know if you should thank me, Bill. When Roman finds out that you've taken my seat on his council, you watch out for yourself. I will. What I told you about your grandfather, about his death, was the truth. And you mind that on your journey, hmm? Here we go. Lend a hand. Oh, thank you, young man. Watch. Watch watch watch. Margie, you okay? I'm sure it was just sunstroke. I'm pregnant. I was born into the worst kind of ignorance. There in the shadow of a corrupt system it parades as a religion-- Polygamy. There are kind and gentle people trapped in that system. I was thrown out in the streets, forced to make it on my own, and I did so with the help, compassion, and the generosity of this church. In exile I found glory-- Stuart Kimball is not available. Stuart, Bill Henrickson. Listen... I'd love to join the Leadership League, but I can't right now. I've just got too much on my plate. I appreciate the offer. Keep me in mind. ...and because I have a partner, not some... self-proclaimed prophet-- the teachings of our Lord Jesus Christ. I'm on a journey. Everything I've told you here today is true. I didn't choose it. It happened to me. As my journey continues, I don't know where it leads, but I walk it fearlessly. Thank you. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 