Whitechapel: Season 3, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Whitechapel 
 s3e6 - Episode #3.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Whitechapel (2009–2013): Season 3, Episode 6 - Episode #3.6 - full transcript 
 Another boy is killed and,like the last one and Sasha,was in the same school form as Mantus's sister. Morgan survives another attack,injuring her assailant,but she has no connection with the class-mates and young DC Kent feels she is holding something back. Miles believes Mantus is not the murderer and the fact that the three victims all fell foul of recently deceased caretaker Dave Watney seems to prove his point. Does the late Dave have an avenger? Is Morgan the accomplice? Or is Mantus,seen to be nursing a leg injury,the killer after all? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Mantus is the most dangerous individual I've ever encountered. His delusions are so imprenetrable, he's effectively untreatable. And this girl died of asphyxia? She had a phone stuck in her throat. The second was strangled. Do you lie? Only to myself. People can't explain what they saw. You mean ghosts? It's Mantus. He's acutely sensitive to noise. He'll shoot you. I'm telling you, sergeant, get out of my way! It's not Mantus. You were that close to being killed. Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells http://UKsubtitles.ru 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The roof was clear. Mantus got away. Yeah. Blythe Haddart. 19, gang-affiliated, suspected of firearms offences but never convicted. If this lad had the real thing, why did he have a toy gun wired to his right hand? Someone's idea of a joke. We recovered a handgun from the roof, a revolver, a gun Blythe's been seen with in the past. We assume Mantus took the gun from Blythe and used it to initiate the firefight. CO19 responded with lethal force. Two bullets to the chest, perfectly placed. In all likelihood he was dead before he hit the ground. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Mantus put his family around the dinner table, put Sasha in front of the TV, tied a ribbon round Morgan's neck and paraded his last victim in the street. It's all about staging. Like scenes from horror movies. Well, it's a tableau. Dead babysitter, a murder in a deserted car park, police stand-off. No, wait a minute, wait a minute. When Mantus murdered his family, he didn't try to hide it. He didn't even go on the run. He just sat there and enjoyed the quiet. Now he's escaped from a noisy psychiatric unit. Why come back into the city just to murder teenagers? I mean, where's the peace and quiet in that? You don't think Mantus is the killer? I think it's possible the killer is someone else. Thanks for coming in, Tyrone. I know this is a very difficult time for you and your family. Blythe was your younger brother. Yeah. He was the baby in the family. Do you know who might want to harm Blythe in this way? Mad Mantus. He's back. He did this. Why would Mantus want to target Blythe? When Blythe was little, he used to play outside Mantus's house, shouting and screaming, to get Mantus to come to the door looking really mad. All the kids did it. Mantus knew him? Of course. Blythe sat next to Daisy in Miss Thompson's class. When Mantus killed Daisy, Blythe couldn't sleep at night. He thought Mantus was going to climb in through the windows. Did Blythe know Sasha Lowood? Yeah. She was in Miss Thompson's class too. Morgan Lamb? Don't know that name. Are you sure? Positive. The killings are not random. Sasha and Blythe were in the same year 6 class as Daisy Mantus. There were 19 children in Miss Thompson's class. We can assume that each of those children was a potential victim. I want every child in that class identified and contacted tonight. Makes sense, but Morgan doesn't fit your theory. Mantus targeted her. He tied a ribbon round her neck for a reason. There's a link we haven't found. Sir, this is just in. The press haven't named the three victims, but they have reported that the second victim survived. Mantus will know Morgan's still alive. I want her back in straight away. Done. Ahh... Uhh! Ah... That's twice now. Third time lucky. He gets to kill me. There won't be a third time. I promise. Two of the... Two of the victims were classmates. Steeple Park Primary. Do you have any connection with the school? No. Did you know Daisy Mantus at all? No. I've had nothing to do with Calvin Mantus or his family, outside of a lecture theatre. Was it interesting studying Mantus? It was fascinating, yeah. He appears to function normally even though he lived within this complex delusion. No one knew what he was thinking. Some people hide their intentions. I think you're hiding yours. What gave you that impression? You're being targeted for a reason. Someone you know is capable of murdering a girl, torturing a boy to death and trying to kill you, yet you claim not to have any idea who. Well, if I knew I would tell you. Would you? Kent. Kent! What the hell was that? I'm sorry, I just got carried away. Can't you tell a suspect from a witness? I know, I know. I'm sorry. It's like everyone's losing their bloody minds. To be worth risking a second attack, Morgan must be important. But she has no connection to Mantus. That we know of. Look, if you attack someone twice, it's personal, you know them. If killing Morgan's so important, why isn't she dead? She was lucky. Extraordinarily lucky I'd say, fighting off two murderous attacks, even stabbing the killer in the leg - Though no knife was found. Mantus is linked to two of our victims. The murders are acts of silencing, a motive associated with Mantus. He's the only suspect we have. Does anyone have another suspect in mind? A name? A motive? A, a link to the victims? No? Right, well, let's work with what we have. Finish contacting the kids from Miss Thompson's class. It's ten years on. Where are they? Hello, is that Chantal Essian? This is Detective Sergeant Ray Miles. You went to Steeple Park Primary, didn't you? Miss Thompson's class? Am I in danger? Well, you should stay where you are. We'll get a squad car to you, take you somewhere safe. Mad Mantus wants to kill me. Oh, come on, seriously? He killed Sasha and Blythe already. Oh my God, I'm a dead man walking. I heard you were back. Would you like some company? Yes, sure. Come in. I've been given more cake than I can eat. Oh, thanks. So, uh, are you under orders to stay here? For my own protection, yeah. Mm. Don't worry, I'm sure it'll be over soon. These events tend to burn out quickly. Oh, this is what you do, isn't it? This is your area of expertise. Well, I tell them what I know, but ultimately it's out of my hands. How do you feel about that? People will die tonight, and I can do nothing to save them. Ed, you can't tame the universe and you shouldn't try. You're not God. Yeah? You and I, and everyone else in this world, we're just here for the ride. Look, this is important. You can't save everyone. Someone always has to die. That's the way it is. Thank you. I need research. What do you require? I want files on spree-killing couples. I ah... I wasn't aware we were hunting a couple. No, we're not. But we should be. Here. Nebraska, 1957. You're welcome. Charles Starkweather and Caril Ann Fugate. They killed eleven in all. Including parents and two-year old sister. Yes, she was 14 at the time. She said that she was held hostage by Starkweather. He said she was a willing participant. And to this day she's never spoken of the murders, so nobody knows how involved she actually was. Mind. By all means go out on a limb, but it is a lonely place. I know what I'm doing. Do we'll who he is? Ronald Clemence-Solebay. He was in Daisy Mantus's class I tried calling him. I know. You're on the voicemail. Sir, we have an incised wound extending around the neck on the lower left side of the jaw, extending round the front of the neck and terminating below the lower right side of the jaw. He was bled dry like an animal. In essence, yeah. And his blood was painted on the wall. All eight pints. There's been another murder. Ronald Clemence-Solebay. I don't know him. Are you sure? I'm positive. But I recognise this tag. Is it his? Yes. He was a prolific street artist. What happened to him? He was exsanguinated. Mantus used his blood to paint over his graffiti. Covering his art with his own blood is a way of destroying who he is. Yes. Silencing the artist. Mantus tried to silence you with red legal tape. Are you involved in any legal disputes? No. Protests? Causes? No, no, nothing like that. Maybe because it is not Mantus. Wow. That's quite an atmosphere between you two. Don't worry about it, it's the way we work. Oh. Do you like working like this? Love it. Are you happy with the situation? No, I'm not. Do you want to talk about it? It's very kind of you to offer, but I don't... I'll talk. No problem. Once he apologises... Why should I? Yap till the cows come home. For trying to save a life? You didn't listen! You went off half cocked, you put yourself and others at risk and you could have got killed! Why worry? You're not my mother! Telling me what to do, sticking your oar in! You know your problem? You got no wife and kids, so you think it doesn't matter what happens to you. You don't care! But you do. I have to. He's got no one else! You do realise, don't you, if you'd got shot, the only person crying at your funeral is me. I'm, I'm sorry you had to hear that. It's natural if we're threatened to assert authority, impose rules. He can't help it. Doesn't even try. I was talking about you. How many times have you changed your shirt today? Three times. It would have been more but I ran out. Give me your hand. Trust me. It's a thought stopper. When you feel the need to control things, you snap it hard. And you won't need to change your shirt, or lay down the rules, or whatever it is you do at the moment. Hm. No one's ever... Turn the music down. I can't think. You know me? Eh? Yeah, I'm, I'm Calvin Mantus. Of course I remember you, Calvin. You used to come in here all the time. Your duct tape isn't strong enough. I'm sorry about that. Well, make do and mend. I haven't got any money. It's OK. It's not a problem. You're an old customer. You're welcome. Yeah, thank you. Always very nice to me. I think the history behind Riley's bogeyman might allay your fears about the Mantus house. Her villain's name is Bloody Bones, and he lived in 50 Berkeley Square. In 1840, Sir Robert Warboys heard the tale of a parlourmaid who'd seen the spectral presence and had been driven insane. He wanted to disprove the haunting. So armed with a shotgun, he went and spent the night in the attic room. Did he see anything? The house was woken at midnight, when a shot rang out. They found Warboys dead, from fright. He didn't believe it, but it still killed him. Finally, in 1887, two sailors named Edward Blunden and Robert Martin sought shelter for the night by breaking into the now abandoned house. What did they see? A little girl in a kilt, a formless, black mass, an evil presence generating electric shocks. Depends who you ask. Oh? You'd expect everybody to see the same thing. If it were real, then yes, but it's not, so you get lots of different stories. Yeah. Thanks. Then why have the stories in the first place? Why that house? What a very good question. Sorry I um, stormed out like that. Well, I hope I didn't make things worse. Well, I feel much better. Maybe I should shout at him more often. You know, there's a loyalty between you most couples would love to have. But the fact is, you're not married, and DI Chandler is free to make his own choices. What, you're saying I shouldn't care what happens to him? I think you should care less. If you leave him be, he won't push you away. Hope you're not charging me for this. No, it's friendly advice. Leave a trail of breadcrumbs for me next time, will you? I know you thought I was wrong to try and save Blythe. And you're right. Walking out in front of a gunman doesn't bother me. It doesn't... It doesn't frighten me the way it should. I was a bit harsh. Riley would cry at your funeral, and Kent, actually. Kent more than anyone. It is... possible... that there's a person in this world that's right for me. But, but the thought of asking her to go on a... you know, to... well, it terrifies me. I know it seems girls can do more harm than bullets, but it's not true. Yeah, well, it's... it's the way I am. It's the... the way I've always been. But... it's not the way I want to be. Well, whatever happens, you know I'll stand by you. I appreciate that. Thanks. Well, enough of this girl talk. We got work to do. Berkeley Square! Oh, come in. Sit down. What's Berkeley Square got to do with us? Who would dare to spend the night in 50 Berkeley Square when it was guaranteed to send you to your death or insane? Ed. You have to get to the point. Harry Price was Britain's foremost ghost hunter. He discovered that the house was originally used by counterfeiters. The story of Bloody Bones was used to explain the noise of the press. That's all great, but what's it got to do with us? The bogeyman is always used to make people behave. If you can't get someone to do as they're told, just invoke the name of Bloody Bones. Fear always works. If you won't go to sleep he'll pluck out your eyes. If you won't eat your dinner he'll devour you. And if you trespass, he scares the life out of you. They're being punished. All the victims did something wrong, and they're being punished. Sasha made crank calls and her phone was jammed into her throat. Blythe scared people with a gun so he was forced into a gunfight. Ronald graffiti'd walls so he was bled for paint. It all fits. Spree killers typically have histories of lodging complaints. Their frustration grows if they feel they're not taken seriously. This is the source of their alienation. So who's been complaining about these kids? Sasha Lowood, nuisance calls. Complaint made by Dave Watney, caretaker at Carpenter estate. Blythe Huddart? Nothing. Check the housing association. Anonymous complaint of Blythe carrying a weapon, contravening his family's tenancy agreement. Look up Ronald. It's the housing association again. Complaints from Dave Watney about having to clean off graffiti. He also spoke to the local PCSO. So Mantus isn't your man. It's this Dave Watney. Damn it, I know that name. Doesn't matter. Dave Watney's dead. Dave Watney was carrying an elderly resident's shopping to the top floor because the lifts had been vandalised. Again. He died on the fourth floor from a massive heart attack. His family blamed the housing association for not taking a firmer stance with troublesome residents. And the inquest was held... yesterday. Inquest? Morgan was at Dave Watney's inquest! I want to talk to Morgan again. I know you've been trying to call... Yeah, I'm at the police station... Oh, I don't know, three so far. Mm, they seem to think so. Sorry, do you want something? Who are you talking to? It's a personal call. Put the phone down. Boss wants to speak to you. Now. Um... sorry, I've got to go. Dave Watney was an alcoholic. He fought the disease for years, but it kept dragging him and his loved ones down. Did you agree with the family that local teenagers were out of control and that led to his heart attack? No, no. He loved his job, and he never mentioned the kids on the estate to me. I think the family were looking for a reason, someone to blame. But Dave had heart disease and that's what killed him. Who else was at the inquest? His wife Cindy and his son Luke. How old is Luke Watney? Seventeen. What's he like? Luke had a difficult upbringing, but he's never let it hold him back. He's a tough kid with a good heart. I hope you find him. We will, don't worry. It'll be over soon. Thank you. Can I talk to you, sir? If you're quick. I'm concerned about Morgan Lamb. I know, but not dying isn't exactly proof of complicity. It seems to me that if I were a spree killer on a rampage, I'd need to stay one step ahead of the police. The best way to do that is to have someone inside. So Morgan gets attacked, but then you take her home... only that's no good to her, so she gets 'attacked' again, and this time she stays here. She's safe here, so no one watches her. She's free to move around, listen to what's going on, and report back. Report to whom? Look, we've just accepted her version of events, but what if she's involved with Luke Watney? What if she agreed that the kids on the estate tortured his dad to death? She might have been on his side all along. You think Morgan is helping Luke Watney to exact revenge? I do. I have a precedent. After Starkweather killed her parents and sister, Caril Ann Fugate repeatedly lied to neighbours and police to cover up all the murders. She would do anything for him. I think you're wrong. You're making a mistake. Oh! You can't see it because you don't want to... because you're clearly attracted to her! What did you say? What have you got against Morgan? You've obviously got a problem with her. What is it? Just... Just a feeling. I'm going to assume that your 'feelings' are down to the fact that you've been on duty for over 36 hours. Fatigue is clouding your judgement. Yes, sir... Elsa, my armed ride is here. Do you want a lift home? This is legal ribbon, used by lawyers, otherwise known as red tape. This is the connection between Morgan and the other deaths, because whatever she says about him being a lovely boy, I think Luke Watney tried to strangle her because she wouldn't speak out about his father's death. The spree started on the day of the inquest. That was the trigger, the sense of injustice. Mantus had his first spree ten years ago. We've just had an intermission. If it was Mantus, the next victim'll be from Thompson's class, like... Chantal Essian. She's taken care of. Good. And if it's Luke Watney, the next victim will be someone Dave Watney complained about. Riley? Well, there's one left, the lift vandal who left Watney to climb the stairs to his death. He complained about her on five separate occasions. Her name is Elsa Durham. Be safe yeah, Chantal? You too, Elsa. I'll be fine. We've had a positive sighting of Calvin Mantus returning home. He remains under surveillance until it's safe to detain him. Contact Dr Mortlake now. Do we have to go back to the house? Is there a problem? No. No problem. Come on, Miles. Let's pay Luke Watney a visit. That's my work. Yeah, you did good, Ed. I did, didn't I? I made a difference. Yeah, all because of a ghost story. We all have to live with ghosts. We have to make room for them. Calvin, you have to come with us. After the movie. What's he watching? London After Midnight. If he watches this, won't that set him off? Ssh. So this is where Luke Watney had his difficult upbringing. And his father died climbing the stairs because Elsa Durham vandalised the lifts. What floor do the Watneys live on? The ground floor. Good thing. What's that noise? Jesus! Right, I've got it. You go, go! Ambulance, quick! There's nowhere to go, Luke. I just want to talk. Can we talk? I know about your father. He was a good man and I know you're not a monster, Luke. You're just someone who's been through hell. You'll never make it. It's too far. I can help... Wait! Don't! Aa-aa-aahh! Where the hell is he? Are you sure this is where he fell? Well, he's fallen four storeys. It's not possible! Anything's possible if you're a bogeyman. Bogeymen don't bleed, do they? I liked it. Really? Yeah. It's a classic. I want you to be its guardian. Yeah? This is the last copy of London After Midnight. Take care of it. I will. I promise. All right, doc. Let's go home. Please help me! Help my son! Luke's hurt! I'm sorry. I'm sorry I didn't kill Morgan. Ah, Morgan. I've er, I've arranged a car to take you home. Can't you take me? I'm afraid not. I've still got a lot to do here. No, of course, I understand. Um... thank you. But um, when... when this is all over... Ah... I'd um... I'd like to see you again. You don't ask many people out, do you? No. You can, you can see why. What happened to you? Nothing. Well, whatever it is, you look much happier. I am. It's going to take some getting used to. Well, Mantus is on his way back to Bedlam and I'm on my way to my divorce party. Who's going to join me? You go ahead. We've got to talk to Cindy Watney. Are we going to arrest her? It's just a chat for now. There's no evidence to suggest she was involved. Well, by my watch this shift ended 40 hours ago, so you can all have a drink. No, I'm going home to see the kids. After 40 hours I'll have my own crime scene to deal with. Not until you've spoken to Morgan. I think she deserves an apology. Yes, sir. Morgan? Sorry. Um, I have to go... Yeah, no, I'll give you a ring later, Mum. Now stop worrying. Bye. Um, I wanted to apologise to you. Why? I, uh, I shouldn't have been so harsh on you in your interview. I shouldn't have spied on you. I guess being the bad cop isn't really me. Mm. Perhaps it's more you than you think. Could I get a cup of tea, please? Yeah, of course. Cindy? Morgan. I'm so sorry about Luke. Me too. That's why I'm glad I found you. Whey! There you go. Thank you. Not before breakfast. All the more for me then. What have you got? 2, 3, 6? Um, sorry... I've had a thought about the archive. I think perhaps the time has come to engage the services of an assistant, to share the weight. My very own sergeant. A Miles of the Archive! I'm one of a kind, thanks very much. Something's wrong. Sir, what do you want me to do? Wait. Excuse me. I've got to get... Let me get through! Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells http://UKsubtitles.ru 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 