Whitechapel: Season 3, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Whitechapel 
 s3e5 - Episode #3.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Whitechapel (2009–2013): Season 3, Episode 5 - Episode #3.5 - full transcript 
 Baby-sitter Sasha Lowood is murdered by a man dressed as the mythical Bogey-Man at the same time that Calum Mantus,who killed his family in a manner identical to Sasha's slaying,escapes from a secure unit The police search Mantus's old house,which feels haunted and where there is a poster of actor Lon Chaney in the film 'London After Dark'. According to unit head Dr Mortlake this was Mantus's favourite film and traditionally drove its audiences mad. After psychiatrist Morgan Lamb survives an attack by the Bogey Man a masked man is seen toting a gun. However he is not Mantus but an innocent who has been set up. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The strippers are booked for 9:30. You said it was just a few drinks to cheer him up. It's Mansell's second divorce, this is what it takes to cheer him up. Is that your special ginger cake? It certainly is - extra gooey. Good girl! Miles, use a plate. How many people have you invited? It's just us, don't worry. I borrowed a mop in case things get out of hand. No-one is to touch a drop of alcohol until the shift ends! Thank you. You need to learn to enjoy yourself. You can't keep being the boss of parties. Relax, loosen up. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You've turned the incident room into a drinking den. Yeah. Good job, I thought. Yeah. Uh-huh. She showed me the texts. Yeah, I'm finished with you. It's over. Done. Did I stutter? Check my status, babe. Yeah, feel that! I just dumped TC. Got any ice cream in the freezer? Let's have a look. Sasha. What is it? I'm scared. What have you got to be scared of? The bogeyman. Listen, bogeymen, they live in like drains, and swamps, and under bridges, and in ooey-gooey, smelly places. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 They don't come into pretty houses. So you've got nothing to be scared of, OK? Whitechapel S03E05 Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells http://UKsubtitles.ru Tell me why you're here. I haven't slept for weeks. Why is that? Um... I'm a researcher. I work in a crime archive and, er, I support murder investigations. And why is that affecting your sleep? Because I killed two girls. I just want to thank you, sir, for allowing us to have this small commiseration. It's quite all right. I was gonna say it's not every day I get divorced, but actually, it is. Well, I'm sure you'll find someone who's right for you. Finding them's easy, keeping them ain't. Present for you. For the long, lonely nights. Oh, wow! Ha-ha! My dad had these. Where did you get 'em? Retro place in Spitalfields. These are vintage, Ray. Real class. You've got to love a hairy bird, look. - Not long now, we can pop the cork. - You dirty sod. Sir, we've been sent an alert. Calvin Mantus escaped from a high-security psychiatric hospital. He used to live in Whitechapel. Might try and come back. I remember Mantus. Did you work the case? No, but I knew some of the boys who did. They needed counselling after what they saw. Your mum and dad will kill me if you're awake when they get back. No-one here. No bogeyman. Check the kitchen. You get into bed, under your covers, and I'll go check the kitchen. Deal? Deal. I became obsessed with what was missing from the archive, with what wasn't there. The cruel irony is that what I needed was right in front of me. I was just too distracted to notice. Had I not made this mistake, the killer would have been apprehended... and the two girls would have been spared their terrible fate. Kitchen's safe, baby! All checked! Hello? Oh, hi. Yeah, no, everything's fine. Evie's just gone to bed. Mm-hm. OK. No, of course I haven't touched any of your lager. Mantus murdered his parents and his ten-year-old sister when he was 20. When was this? 2001. He was judged unfit to stand trial. Criminally insane? That's his most recent photo. Lights out in five minutes, yeah? It's not unusual to feel the way you do. I've worked with junior doctors who've experienced similar feelings of guilt. And I'm going to tell you what I tell them. In your line of work, people are going to die. Now, you can learn to deal with that... or you can find another job. My job is everything to me. Well, then you have a tough choice to make. TC, babes, I know we've just split up, but I really need you to come round because I am seriously freaking out. Will you call me back, yeah? Oh, hi, erm, it's Sasha. Evie's fine. I was just wondering, what time are you coming back? DI Chandler. Yeah. Right, OK. Thank you. We have a murder. Dead girl is Sasha Lowood, teenage babysitter. Evie Pixley, the little girl, survived and called 999. We're still trying to locate her parents. She hasn't been shot, or stabbed, ...or strangled. She has defensive wounds to her hands so there was a struggle. She's been very carefully posed, so the killer probably spent some time here, tidying up. Mantus? I don't know. Wouldn't be like him to leave anyone alive. Riley is still trying to coax the little girl out from under the bed. Evie, there's lots of nice policemen here to protect you, OK? Your Mummy and Daddy are coming. You're safe, sweetheart. You can come out, come on. Kent, get me that file on Calvin Mantus. Yes, sir. Mantus murdered his family during their Sunday lunch. Then he sat them back in their chairs like nothing had happened and finished his dinner. He wanted to eat his meal in silence. He killed them, and then he posed them. So the question is, did he kill and pose Sasha Lowood tonight? Mantus' house isn't far from here. Uniforms are already there in case he comes home. I know. Now there's been a murder, you two go there, search the house from top to bottom. If anything links Mantus to Sasha, I want it found. Yes, sir. Everyone else, if he's not at his house he has to be somewhere - find him. Sasha I can do that. No, I like it. I like the process. Helps me see things clearly. Is that a new shirt? Crime scenes make me feel... grubby. Listen, if you're gonna have a wobble and start counting out piles of coloured pins, let me know. This isn't the beginning of a crisis. It's basic hygiene. Yeah, well, I'm keeping an eye. I've finally got Evie out from under the bed. Is she talking? She feels completely responsible because she hid her peas in her pockets. Her parents have brought her up to believe that if you don't eat your tea, the bogeyman will come and get you. Progressive parenting. My mum would tell me that that was the bogeyman knocking at the door. I was terrified, but it made me behave though. Evie is convinced she saw the bogeyman kill Sasha. She's even given us a detailed description. Of a man dressed in dark clothing... wearing a mask... with a bag over his shoulder. Here comes the bogeyman dressed in black, carrying children with his sack on his back. Down to the river to watch them drown. Wasn't there something about sitting on their bodies and chewing their bones? Er, yeah. Probably. Well, it may sound silly to you, but she's only eight. It's a way of making sense of what she saw. Here. "Bogeyman" The house has never been sold, never been squatted, never been used by crackheads. Why not? Locals say it's haunted. The ghost of Daisy Mantus runs around at night, screaming. Oh, come on! Ssh! All right, calm down. Well, come on! Out the way, Grandma. So, this is where they all died, then. My auntie's a psychic. She says buildings like this absorb negative energy. If you find a cold spot, you know you're in trouble. It means there's a ghost. Shall we have a seance? We can ask them where Mantus is. Don't joke about these things. Why not? Who am I gonna offend? Where's that box of unexplained cases? What do you want that nonsense for? I need it. Where is it? But they're a record of public hysteria. Mythologies. Urban Legends. These files are fit only for folklorists, not police. They're still history, even if you don't like it. Oh! So what is it you're after, then? The Beast of Bodmin? The Devil's Footprints? The Owlman? I'm looking for a file on the bogeyman. You do realise that none of this is real? Well, it's real enough to report to the police. That's our prime suspect. Woah! Looks a bit like you, mate. Ha-ha! Hey. My dad used to have a camera like this when I was like 12. Bless him. I used to make loads of horror movies with my mates. Tons of tomato sauce. Put it back! All right. What a beauty! I wonder if it works. Oops. Do you have to break everything you touch? The first mention is in 1550 when he's called Bloody Bones or Rawhead. He catches children that tell lies, he sits on their bodies and gnaws on their bones, with blood all over his face. Stories like this don't just come out of thin air. There must have been an original event, like a terrible child murder or something to inspire Bloody Bones, and then over the years the facts are lost and the legend remains. Excuse me, Common sense coming through. Masked killers are not bogeymen. The Zodiac. California, 1968. Wore an executioner's hood while attacking a couple on the shore of Lake Berryessa. Seven confirmed victims in total. The Phantom. Texas, 1946. Wore a white mask and attacked eight by the light of the moon. The killer hides his true self. He presents society with a face of normality, then, when night falls, he dons a mask, his true visage... Yes, he's a bogeyman. He's not a bogeyman! The killer is monstrous, he is not a monster. You just said he's... Bottom line, we're looking for a loon who dresses up to kill people. Do you feel that? It's freezing. Kent? Kent, mate? What are you doing? I said don't break anything! Was that you? Was what me? Look, don't muck about, Kent. I know that Evie's description of a bogeyman isn't the most reliable, but this victim reported seeing the same thing. Hello, I'm DI Chandler. This is DS Miles. Hi. I guess I should have taken self-defence classes when I had the chance. I couldn't fight him off. I ended up having to play dead. Probably saved your life. Thank you. But I'm not crying cos I'm upset. I'm very, very angry. I should be able to walk to my car without someone trying to rip my head off. Of course. It would have been so much better if I could have just kicked the crap out of him and had him trussed up for you guys to take away. Made it easier for us too. Sir, we found a ribbon. Yeah, that's what the bastard used on me. He tied it round my neck. Go on, go and get a cup of tea. Come on. Oh, that'll be great. Thanks. Oh. Tough girl. I like her. Me too. Miss Lamb! What are you doing here? I got mugged. Oh, no! Are you OK? I thought I was fine, but the description I gave of the suspect matches a fairytale goblin. What, you, you... you saw the bogeyman? Well, I saw something. She's my witness, thank you. Ed? Two attacks in two hours and no cooling off period. Is this the start of a spree? Way ahead of you. Spree killings are defined as mass murders that occur in a number of locations within a short space of time, typically a single day or night, with victims often chosen at random. So, you have no time to lose. How do you catch a spree killer? When they're dead. I began the day at the Coroners' court. Um, I had to give evidence at the inquest into the death of a former patient, Dave Watney. I'm a counsellor, he was an alcoholic. Very sad. Er, then lunch, I grabbed a sandwich, and then I was at my therapy room with clients. My last appointment finished at 11. Do you always work so late? No, that was the fault of the inquest. All my appointments got moved on. My clients would rather see me late than not at all. Right, er, so, 11 o'clock. What happened then? Normally I arrive early so I get a space on the ground floor, but today I had to park on a lower level, so, I got to my car and I knew there was someone was behind me. He put the ribbon around my throat, and I remember thinking I had to get his DNA under my fingernails so if I died he wouldn't get away with it. So I tried sort of scratching at his face, but the... the mask got in the way. Can you, erm, describe it? It was just a sort of creepy rubber mask. I could feel everything getting darker - it was like I was drowning. And it was at that point I thought, well, better to play dead than be dead. So I let myself drop. And... and did he let you go? Yep. Erm, I lay on the floor and he tied the ribbon round my neck. All I wanted to do was just scream and fight, but... I had to stay still. And then I could sense him walking away. So I opened my eyes and just tried to get a really good look at him. Take your time. Sorry. He was... he was just normal height. he was wearing black. He was quite thin. He was carrying a bag over his shoulder that looked like a sack. You're doing really well. Sorry, I've worked with victims of crime, so I know what to say and I know how to give the advice, but it's not so easy when it's you, is it? Oh, my God. Someone tried to kill me. Do you know this girl? No. Sorry. Was she attacked by the same guy as me? We believe so, yes. She's dead, isn't she? Yes. Do you know a man called Calvin Mantus? I've heard of him. He was a case study of how professionals can miss the warning signs. He hid the extent of his delusions very well. And he tricked all of them. Did you meet him? No, I just came across him in a textbook. But Calvin Mantus is in a secure unit, isn't he? Scene of crime Sir. Not much on Sasha Lowood. Recently broken up with her boyfriend, TC. Don't get excited, he was out with his new girl and mates at the cinema and that's it. Sasha was cautioned about a year ago for making crank calls. Stalkers? No enemies? No threats? Nope, nothing. But it's early days, right? Nothing obvious in Mantus's house to link him with Sasha. Uniforms are keeping an eye out in case he comes home. Dr Simon Mortlake from Mantus' psych ward, he'll be here first thing in the morning. Good. Get something to eat, it'll be a long night. Hello? Yes, DS Miles. What's wrong with him? Dunno. He's been like this since we left the house. He looks shaky. Yeah, well... he hasn't had a drink for 24 hours. That'll be it, then. What can I do for you? I'm not sure what I'm looking for. A crime? A weapon? A location? No. I'm interested in witnesses. People who can't explain what they saw. Unreliable witnesses. No, no. More like what they saw is impossible, but they're telling the truth. You mean ghosts? I know, I don't believe in them either. An unexplained phenomena isn't proof of the supernatural. It simply means you've overlooked a perfectly rational explanation. Yeah. That's what I'm hoping. Er, Morgan? We're just gonna get someone to drive you home. Oh, thank you. Er, can you take me? Course he can. She's only round the corner. Go on. Take 20 minutes, get some fresh air. Fine. Erm, I'll leave you in charge, Miles. The moment I've been waiting for. I'll just get my keys. Miles. You can't match make during a murder. Who's matchmaking? I'm not. The witness asked you to take her home. Maybe she senses a rapport with you. Maybe she'll talk to you alone, away from here, and say something she wouldn't mention in front of me. OK, you may have a point. I'm full of them. You should ask me more often. I know I shouldn't ask an officer of your rank to ferry me home, I just feel I can trust you. I feel safer. It's erm... it's no problem. Thanks. How long can you hold your breath for? Hm... 30 seconds? Then I go really red. Yeah. You wouldn't look dead, would you? (Freud, Fromm, Jung, books on psychoanalisys) You like cricket? Oh, they belonged to my dad. He told me that everything I needed to know about life could be learned through cricket. My father had much the same idea. Green tea? Er, yes, thank you. Oh! You didn't see that. What was it? Er, it was supposed to have been cod en papillote, but something went wrong and the paper caught fire and the whole thing went up in flames. I have great ambitions but I'm a terrible cook. Well, it's not an easy dish. Oh... All right, it's a really easy dish. Until tonight I thought it was foolproof. Here. Thank you. Um, you said I was the second person to describe seeing a bogeyman. Yes. But the first girl, Sasha Lowood, was found dead, wasn't she? Yes. So who gave you the description that time? Um, well, there was a... there was a survivor. Oh! What, did the killer not know they were there? She hid under her bed. She's a child? You know, I'm the one who's... who's supposed to be asking the questions. Sorry. It's my job too, so... second nature. So, er... why did you become a counsellor? I've always had a very clear perception. Um, people would come to me and I would help them achieve clarity to overcome the obstacles in their lives. It sounds like you have a gift. Hm, well, knowing what people are thinking is a curse in a relationship. No-one can lie to me... so no-one stays. Do you lie? Only to myself. Erm, that'll be, um... I arranged for an officer to watch over the house. That'll be him now. Oh, it's not necessary to, I'm... No, I want you to sleep easy, so... I should go. Thank you for the tea. Thank you for being honest. Drunk and disorderlies are ten a penny, why is this one so interesting? Apparently he's wearing some sort of fancy-dress outfit. The arresting officer thought he might fit our profile. God. Is he wearing tights? Tights and a cape, yeah. Well, a cape could look like a bag over your shoulder. Yeah, but we're looking for a calculating killer, not a drunken lout. We're clutching at straws. Our killer's still out there. And he's not finished yet. Long night? I'll let you know when it's over. I'm dying to get this one started. There's been a lot of talk this morning, among our more susceptible members of staff, about fear being a cause of death simply because it's not clear how she was killed. Is it possible to die of fright? Oh, it's a well documented phenomena in cultures where there's a strong belief in curses and hexes. So you die of what, a heart attack? Theoretically, death after fright could occur from a sudden cardiac arrhythmia. Or, alternatively, from the heart being slowed or stopped by overstimulation of the vagus nerve. How long does this process take? Most likely to be quick, but we need to exclude other causes... by starting this post-mortem examination first. OK, well, let's start by photographing and weighing the body. Do you want to wait for this or get some breakfast? Let's eat now. I can see it. I'm willing to guess cause of death was asphyxia. 1938. Japan. The Tsuyama Massacre. Mutsuo Toi killed his grandmother, then he cut the electricity to his village and killed 30 more people. More examples, but they all make the same points. The spree killer is profoundly alienated from his society. His motive is revenge, he wants to show everyone he's a powerful force to be reckoned with. And these spree killings end in suicide or suicide by police? Mmm. The killer embarks on the spree because, as far as he's concerned, his life is over. The spree is the end game and he expects to die. If he survives, it's not because he planned it that way. We'll save the homework for later, shall we? Our Mantus expert has arrived and is waiting in reception. Erm, a quick word, if you can spare a moment? Of course. How do you do this job, Joe? How do you bear the weight, not let it crush you? The job chose me. I'm a detective. I can't do anything else. But the dead. Do you see them at night... when you lie down to sleep? Yes, I do. Do they forgive you? I've learned to live with them. That's all you can do. They become a part of you, you know, a part of your life. You never forget them. Does that not help? It's not the answer I was hoping for. All right, Sarah. Do you have Mr Mortlake? Yes, he's just there. Mr Mortlake I presume? Dr Simon Mortlake, Broughton Psychiatric Hospital. DC Finlay Mansell. This way, please. So, you treat the mentally ill, right? That's right. What would you say to someone who thinks they've experienced supernatural phenomena? I'd say they could be under stress. It could be a psychotic episode. Or it could be neurological. Like a brain tumour. Was the sound on the television on or off? It was off. Muted. And this girl died of asphyxia? She had her mobile phone stuck in her throat. The second was nearly strangled. How telling. Mantus is the most dangerous individual I've ever encountered. His delusions are so impenetrable he's effectively untreatable. All we could hope for was containment. Yeah? What went wrong there? He tore out a nurse's voice box and stole their keys. Focus on the throat again, just like Sasha and Morgan. Yes. The act of silencing. To this end, he killed his family for speaking too loudly and poked out his own ear drums. Oh, but still noise bothers him. Especially loud voices. A psychiatric unit can't be a very quiet place. No. And herein lies the paradox. He hates noise and he's stuck in a unit full of it. You're making him crazier. If the world were silent, Mantus would be less volatile. He loves silent cinema. And his idol... is Lon Chaney. Mantus has a vast collection of pictures of Chaney. You know he was called 'A Man of A Thousand Faces'? Chaney designed his own makeup and masks to create these horrific monsters. Did Mantus ever dress up as Chaney? Oh, he wanted to, but we never indulged him. What's this one? That one's interesting. In 1927, Chaney made London After Midnight, a horror film with the director Tod Browning. It was said that if you saw the film it could drive you insane, and certainly no known copies of the film exist anymore, perhaps because they were all destroyed. Mantus claimed that he had the only surviving reels of the film. Is that true? I really don't know. Then Mantus insisted that he had seen the film and that it was responsible for his madness. Well, I've heard of God telling someone to kill, or the devil on a record played backwards, but 'a movie made me crazy'? That's a new one. What movie is it? London After Midnight. Ah, Tod Browning. Yeah, I thought you'd have heard of it. Every Ripperologist worth his salt has heard of it. It has been said the appearance of Chaney's monster was based on Jack the Ripper... the, er, the top hat, the cloak, the bulging, staring eyes. Although there's no evidence this is what the Ripper actually looked like. Well, there is something. One moment, I'll be back. I shan't wait. Return of the monster On the 23rd October, 1928, a carpenter named Robert Williams went to see London After Midnight. The film so disturbed the balance of his mind that he suffered visions of Lon Chaney making terrifying faces at him and shouting. Robert Williams then felt compelled to attack Julia Mangan as she walked in Hyde Park. He slashed her throat with a razor and killed her. Mantus wasn't the only first person to be driven mad by this film. It would seem not. This might be useful. Good work, Ed. 'London After Midnight' Just sign this, please. Thank you. Sign it there and there. There's a crazy man with a gun! OK, where did you see him? Near the Carpenter Estate. Right, can you describe him? Er, black clothes. And he's wearing a freaky-looking mask. Thank you. Cover! Move in. Cover! Drop your weapon! Get down on the road! I'm taking over. Don't. They know what they're doing. So do I. I say again, drop your weapon! This is Calvin Mantus. He is acutely sensitive to noise. Shouting at him will make him more crazy. He was crazy when we got here. I just want to talk to him face to face, quietly. He's made it clear he's not going to co-operate, sir. This is your final warning! Put your weapon down! Just once, I'd like to bring in a murder suspect alive. But that's no reason to risk your life. You're not thinking straight. If I don't talk to Mantus, this is nothing more than an execution. If they say it's too dangerous to negotiate, we have to listen. You may be the ranking officer here but they have years of experience. This is what they do! Authority for lethal force has just been issued. They could shoot him at any moment. It's out of our hands! Wait here. What you playing at?! I know how to calm him down. All we need is quiet. Well, look at him! He's clearly... Ssh! Mad! He's irrational. You can't reason with insanity. No, he looks distressed to me. In pain. Like he's looking for help. He'll shoot you. I've got this, Miles. I'm telling you... And I'm telling you, sergeant! Get out of my way! Cover him! Cover him! I want to help you, Calvin. Can you put the gun down? No, don't, don't. Please! They'll shoot you. No! It wasn't him! He didn't shoot! The shot came from the roof! Sir. Oh, my God! His mouth's been sewn up. It's not a real gun. It's just a toy. It's wired to his hand. He's just a teenager. It's not Mantus. We shot a victim. You were that close to being killed. People will die tonight and I can do nothing to save them. What have you got against Morgan? You've got a problem with her. What is it? Does anyone else here have another suspect in mind? A name? A motive? A link to the victims? I'm a dead man walking. Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells http://UKsubtitles.ru 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 