Whitechapel: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Whitechapel 
 s2e3 - Episode #2.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Whitechapel (2009–2013): Season 2, Episode 3 - Episode #2.3 - full transcript 
 Chandler and Miles survive the ambush but McCormack,coerced by the twins into betrayal,hangs himself. Commander Anderson publicly berates Chandler,telling him he is off the case,but this is a ruse as Anderson rightly suspects that Cazenove is allowing the Krays to control other criminals as an expedient and wants to put him off the scent. Anderson gathers the team at Buchan's house and outlines his plan. If the Krays are exposed as impostors their grip will be broken and so,after Buchan has stolen Ronnie's DNA from a museum exhibit and Chandler has matched it to Jimmy's,whom he has taken on in the boxing ring,the lie is proven. The twins are not Krays but mercenaries recruited in the Congo. Cazenove shoots himself and his team are discredited whilst the 'twins' are arrested. However,Anderson and Cheshire make a bizarre deal to ensure that they are never heard of again. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 We can't go home, they're going to be waiting for us. We need to go to ground. Anonymous, untraceable. That's not fighting, that's hiding. That's common sense. The Kray boys want us dead, they made that clear. But they failed, didn't they? We're still alive. It's our move, our advantage. Where are we going next? I'm not telling you. What kind of answer is that? (DOOR BEEPER) (DOOR BEEPER) 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm not telling you because I don't want you telling me what a stupid idea it is. Fine, don't tell me! But it is a stupid idea, I know that because you come up with it after drinking half a bottle of scotch. (STARTS CAR) And it's blended. Who lives here? A family friend. Look, we have been shot at, betrayed, and you have definitely had one too many at the bar. You're in shock and you're pissed. This is not the time to be making big decisions. Miles, just check on the others. I know what I'm doing. (CROWS CAWING) (DOG BARKING) (BUZZING) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You're drunk. I was supposed to die tonight. Are you OK? Wish I hadn't been wearing my favourite suit. (CHUCKLES) Do you remember when this was taken? It was the summer before my father died. Your part of my family, you know I wouldn't see harm done to you. Is that your way of saying you didn't know the Krays would try to kill me? When I asked you to investigate the death of Lennie Cobb, I had no idea it would go this far, no. (POURING) How much did you know? I knew about Jimmy and Johnny. I knew that they'd corrupted their way to power and created the federation of crime. I couldn't attack them openly and I knew there was only one detective I could trust. (POURING) What do you gain from this? Destroy the Krays, expose the corruption at the heart of Parliament, the police and the press and you create a vacuum. A space for someone to step in and lead. You? Then I could help you. Restore your reputation and see your ambitions realised. Give you the world, if that's what you want. You're a kingmaker. Well, I've always been the power behind the throne. Come on, girls! Breakfast! You'll be late. (MOBILE PHONE RINGS) Yes, what is it? 'We need you to tell us when Chandler's coming back to London.' Nah, I won't do that. 'Still having a problem? Remember, we know where the girls...' Bye, girls! Bye, John, make sure they have their breakfast. 'If you don't...' Yeah, yeah, I know what you said, I remember! But I'm telling you now, I don't want to do this any more. 'You'd better think carefully.' Mansell's alright, but I can't get in touch with McCormack. Try again. Ed, it's Joe. Listen, I want to tell you about what's going on. Jeanie, it's Ray. I'm sorry to call you at work, love, but John's not answering his mobile. Do you know where he is? It's important. Yeah, thank, love. John, come out of there! Ray wants you. (SOBBING GASP) He's in the shed, Ray! (SOBBING) He's in the shed! (SOBS) Oh, John! He's gone. No, you can't give up on him! I'm going to call Doctor Llewellyn. Not yet! (CONTINUES CPR) Yes, just get here as quick as you can. John! No, no, stop, stop, stop! I can help! Too late. We all were. He was always so loyal and the Krays destroyed that. He told them about the meeting with the CPS. So they were able to send an impostor. John said the Krays threatened me and the girls, so he hadn't the choice. Livy and Scarlet mean everything to him. Then Emerson Kent got the blame. And that really broke John. He was so ashamed. All done. OK, thank you. Ligature marks, slopes upward. Tissue damage from compression of the neck. There's no signs of cyanosis, and the compression site suggests that death occurred following stimulation of the vagus nerve and subsequent cardiac arrest, rather than asphyxia. This is Freddie Mills. He was a boxer who owned a night club and in 1965 he was found dead in his car behind the club. He'd been shot. At the inquest the coroner ruled that it was suicide, but Ronnie Kray had threatened Mills's life and he'd shot himself in the eye, which is unusual. So what was it, murder or a suicide? No-one knows. You think McCormack was murdered. And they made it look like suicide. Just like Freddie Mills. So they did kill him. Ohhh... I'm so sorry. I'll erm... I'll spare you the details. My preliminary findings, everything I've looked at so far, are consistent with suicide. No. It was murder. The knot, he only knew one. He used the same one on everything. He tied it. They made him tie it! It isn't difficult to detect asphyxiation. There's always bruising, petechiae, cyanosis. But he died because when he hung himself, he compressed his vagus nerve and it stopped his heart. It was quick, and it was self-inflicted. I don't believe you. What? Why? You're telling us what the Krays told you to tell us. They want it to be a suicide, so you find suicide. I don't know what to say, that's so extraordinary. No, you're wrong! They can get to anyone. Not her! I'm sorry. Thank you. I don't pick sides. I just let the facts speak for themselves. (DOOR OPENS) Please knock before you come in. With respect, sir... ..you can't lead this inquiry if you're drunk. I'm not drinking to get drunk. So what is it? I'm self-medicating. If I drink I stay in control. If I don't drink, then... You've seen my demons. It's either this... Or standing in a room turning the lights on and off 150 times. I'll close the door behind me. Your attention, please. I'm shutting this inquiry down with immediate effect. Why, why do that? Because the Krays are no longer an operational priority. Excuse me! When did the priorities change? I'm responding to the political climate. It is more expedient to consider the Krays allies rather than targets. What have they got on you? Money? Sex? What is it? You've been drinking. You're not fit to lead any inquiry. Leave it. What? Ah, welcome. From now on, it's three knocks like this. Where's the boss? Follow me. That's it, here we go. We've been waiting for you. Thank you all for coming. First of all, for the record, I'd like to say that the Krays do not have any evidence to use against me. That was a fabrication. A subterfuge. Designed to convince everyone we are no longer investigating the Krays. In fact, as of now, you are officially seconded to Arts and Antiques. At this very moment you're down in the West Country, hunting down flagons, I believe. (CHUCKLES) (DOORBELL) That'll be Jack. Hello, darlin'. Alright, Jack? Come in. (DOOR SLAMS SHUT) Alright, boys? (SUITCASE UNZIPPING) See anything there you like? We've tried guns. Give me something new. Something exciting. What about a car bomb? I know an ex-army bomb disposal guy. He can make you the most beautiful devices you ever saw. A car bomb's what did it for our dad. Well, times have changed, you know. Car bombs now, they're magnetic. You just roll them under the car. Still, bombs...feel... Unlucky. In 1967, the detective hunting the Krays, Nipper Read, found his inquiry to be full of spies. He needed secrecy, so he announced that the investigation was over and relocated a secret team to Tintagel House. As far as Scotland Yard were concerned, they didn't exist. This is our Tintagel House and we are being led by our very own Nipper Read. Jimmy and Johnny Kray will have copied their father and set up a Fort Vallance at their mum's. She'll play the part of Violet, the adoring mother, seeing no wrong in her darling twins - Oi! The head of the Murder Squad, John Du Rose, gave Nipper Read three months to catch the Krays. We have three days. Only three days? I cannot guarantee anonymity for longer. You're surrounded by dark forces, gentlemen. You must work fast and be invisible. For a while there I didn't trust anyone. I didn't trust...Miles, I didn't trust the Commander... ..and I didn't trust you. I was wrong. I'm sorry. I was there the night the incident room was burgled. Well, why didn't you say anything? I couldn't do anything to stop them. I didn't want you to know. Well, from now on leave your ego out of it. All that matters to me is the truth. (DOOR SLAMS SHUT) I'd like to introduce the armourer for the world's biggest triad. The Red Pole Enforcer of the 14K. What's in the case? The assassin's briefcase. Yeah. Is it loaded? Succinylcholine chloride. Causes paralysis and death within seconds. Then it breaks down and is almost impossible to detect. That'll do for DI Chandler. You need to be close to use that. You need to be close to see the fear in his eyes when he dies. Ah, you see what you did there? Beggar. It's A-R, not E-R. What difference does it make? Everyone knows what it is. It is a mistake. A small one, I grant you, but one mistake begets another until you are mired in confusion and misapprehension. Bugger off! E-R. Example, a mistake was not making your inquiry secret from the beginning. I think that has made a difference. You are a man down. Look! I know this is your house, your teabags, your doilies. But that does not give you the right to tell me how to do my job. We are detectives, you are the bloody tea lady. I am more than that! Know your place! You, sir, force me to show my hand. I'll see you on the patio. As you know, I've been conducting my own inquiries recently. You didn't know my investigation has been into the murder of your father Freddie The Dip. You have no business looking into my family! Do you want to know what happened or not? What's to know? He was a clown. No. You should hear the truth. Your father invited Ronnie Kray to tea. Yeah, I remember, I was there. Yes, well, it appears that Ronnie took a bit of a shine to you. Oh, really? Well, that's funny, cos he scared the life out of me. No, I mean he REALLY liked the look of you. And your father didn't like that. Not one bit. So he told Ronnie in no uncertain terms to stay away from you. But Ronnie was very angry at being told what he could and couldn't have. He was used to getting his own way. So he asked Freddie to go fishing. And, I'm sorry to say... ..he had Freddie shot in the head. Your father was protecting you. He stood up to Ronnie Kray because he loved you. You don't need to be so angry with everybody all the time. You're going through life on the defensive, keeping everyone back but... we're all on your side. Just like your father. Do you know what happened to the body? Not yet. If they liked the look of you, you were chosen. You had to do what you were told. Like a slave. You'd never have been anyone's slave. Not everyone's so lucky. You're right. There'll be someone like that in Jimmy's world. A whistleblower. No, no, no, no, more than that. Someone who's scared, who has found themselves trapped in a nightmare and may be looking for a way out. I know who you mean. Let's throw him a lifeline. You can't box and smoke, you'll have no stamina. You'll be wheezing on your knees at the first round bell. Maybe he knocks out his opponents before he gets out of breath. There he goes. Get away from me. We just want to have a chat. I can't talk to you. You don't really have a choice. If I'm seen, I'm good as dead. Don't worry, I know a place where you never see villains or policemen. How old are you, 16, 17? It's OK to want out. It's not betrayal, it's self-preservation. You must see it's all going wrong for Jimmy now. His days are numbered. Don't go back. If you come with us then as of now, you're free. You get your life back. A real life. Anywhere you want. A flat, a job. A future. I don't know much. I was picked for my entertainment skills, I don't get invited to the war councils. What do you know? I know Jimmy's big secret. Jimmy thinks that being gay like his dad is a really important part of the legend. But he's not gay. He's pretty good at faking it. He ain't faking it, I am. I'm a girl. So, Jimmy's only pretending to be gay. But how far does the pretence go? We thought the killer was a copycat. We meet Jimmy and Johnny Kray and we believe in the legend. The legend says the Krays will return. That their sperm's been frozen and kept until the day when they shall be resurrected. But was Angie really chosen to be the surrogate? Are they real Krays? Or is it all fantasy, are they just fakes? If we can prove they're not real Krays, the legend will collapse. They won't have the power of the name any more. Imagine the fury. No-one likes to be conned. Especially a villain. But how can we prove that they're not Ronnie's sons? We need DNA. How are we going to get DNA from Ronnie? Eureka! AUDIO GUIDE: Vi and Charlie Kray, brought up four children... ..As youngsters they were interested in boxing, papering their bedroom walls with picture of the champions... ..Reputations already as tough young tearaways... They joined the famous Repton Club, the so-called nursery of champions. Yeah, sure, OK. Please don't ask me how I obtained this unless you can offer me immunity from the law. I shan't ask then. Will do. Thank you. Ronnie's DNA, captured as if in amber. Here we go! All we need now is Jimmy's DNA. Jimmy and Johnny, mercenaries in the Congo ten years ago. With Steven Dukes. I've told you before, don't listen to Buchan. Everyone will know we're not arse-deep in Toby jugs in Somerset. We will lost that protection. You don't have to be here. You don't need a sergeant, you need a nanny. Someone who won't get bored of telling you you'll get killed. Clock off, Miles, seriously. Oi! What you done with my boy? I haven't done anything with anyone. My inquiry's been shut down. If you've touched an 'air on his head, I'll punch your face so hard you'll shit eyeballs. Go on, I want to see you try! Oh, I get it. You want Jimmy Kray to lose his cool. I ain't falling for that. No. If you want to fight me, we'll do it properly. Sportsmanlike, in the ring. No! Best of three. Sir, don't! You hear that, boys? Miles, I need you to tape me up. Ronnie Kray was a vicious fighter. If Jimmy really is his son, you could be in for a world of pain. Stop worrying. I was junior boxing champion in prep school. You know he wants to kill you. Stepping in there is giving him a golden opportunity. Let's see if he can hit me first. I'll look for a towel to throw in. Come on, Jimmy! Come on, Jimmy! (SHOUTS OF ENCOURAGEMENT) Hit him! Don't let him back you up! Oi, below the belt! (SHOUTING) Get out of there! I'm trying! (BELL RINGS) Too easy! Come on, Jimmy! What's with all the defence? You're soaking up his punches like a sponge. That's the game plan. It's not, it's a death wish. Whatever you're going to do, don't leave it too late. (BELL RINGS) Come on. Come on, Jimmy! (SHOUTING) You're going to fight back now, are you? Fight back! Hit him, hit him! (SHOUTING) (BELL RINGS) Get out of here now! DNA. Celebrate later. Move! We found the kingmaker! Steven Dukes. We know. How do you know? What happened? Has someone hit you, sir? (DOOR CRASHES OPEN) There's the DNA. Let's find out if Jimmy really is a Kray. Thank you for coming, gentlemen. I'd heard a rumour you'd been harassing Jimmy Kray but I didn't quite believe it. Wasn't harassment, it was boxing. What are you doing? Your inquiry is over. If he makes a complaint, you're finished. He won't complain. The fight was stopped before I did any real damage and do you know who stopped it? The ref? Steven Dukes. Oh, really? Is that why you're here, to launch into another conspiracy theory? You said there was no Kray copycat, then you told us that Jimmy and Johnny Kray were nobodies. Yeah, they were nobodies! Dukes is the kingmaker! No, you are! It's always been you, you and your...theory. You brought the Krays back to power. Congratulations. Well done, congratulations! That's not true! You know, it's an open secret that you suffer from certain problems, mental issues, so it's no wonder your judgement was impaired. Oi, don't cross the line! The Ripper was a failure, very public, and you needed a comeback, a big case, and in many ways you have succeeded, because this is going to be a big case, just not in the way that you wanted. You don't know what you're talking about! All you care about is stats and awards! He's got a good point. Let's go. You're lucky, mate, cos I'm just warming up. Nice shoes. Where are you going? The Grave Maurice. So they can get a clear shot at you? It's the last place they'd expect me. Kent, come with me. We're um... We're really not welcome here, sir. I know. No, I mean it. It feels like we might die in the next 30 minutes. What I have to do should take less than 30 minutes. Attention to detail was Nipper Read's key to catching Ronnie and Reggie Kray. The answer's been here all along. We just weren't paying attention. S Dukes. J Kray. There's only one pair of those. Identical feet. Cazenove. Jesus, the bastard went native on us! It's all been there, ever since the beginning. (DOOR CREAKS) Hello, Joe. I was wondering when I'd see you, ever since you mentioned my shoes. (TAP RUNNING) Why have you been protecting the Krays? Do they have something on you? No. They don't have anything on me. The Krays created the federation of crime so they controlled all the gangs. It suited everyone. Zero crime. They were murdering people, shooting at police! Wounding, blackmailing. Isn't it better to know who the criminals are? Isn't it better to know that there will be a handful of deaths, rather than random acts of violence by unknown criminals, creating a climate of fear for everyone? Hm? There's something wrong with the way you make decisions. (CLICK) Come on, this time... ..think about it. Think about the ramifications. You had the Ripper in your hands and you let him go, and now you want to destroy me, my office, and everything we have built up with the Krays to protect the public! There'll be gang warfare, there'll be no control, and the streets will run with blood! Think it through. I have... and it comes down to this. Right and wrong. Where do you come from, 1960? You're an anachronism, Chandler. You don't belong in this world. I'm willing to bet there's quite a few policeman who share my beliefs. Are you going to kill us all? (GUNSHOT) (THUDDING) We got the DNA results back. Ronnie's not the dad. You think you're in control. But you're not. No-one is. It's nothing but chaos and lies. I told you this investigation would take you to some dark places. But you don't have to stay there. When Cazenove shot himself he was standing so close to me... ..I got his brains on my face. (SIGHS) I'm not strong enough to bring this case in. I'm not Nipper Read. No, you're bloody not. And you weren't Abberline, either. You are Joseph Chandler and you'd better get used to it. Nobody said you had to be the greatest detective that ever lived, only the best detective that you can be. And so sometimes, you'll fail. That's OK, we all fail sometimes. But it's not OK to give up. Get up, sir. Go away, Miles. (SNOOKER BALLS COLLIDING) Steven Dukes. Either arrest me or get off my premises. Easy. We're here because you've been the victim of a crime. What crime? Deception. You and the twins obviously go back a long way. They must have been, what, 18 then? And they were good soldiers from what we hear. You don't find boys like that often, with that sort of commitment. They weren't there for the money. They were real fighters. You fought side by side and that builds up trust, loyalty, and when you came back you repaid that loyalty by introducing them to your family, your friends. You vouched for them. You made them. As far as I was concerned, they'd proved themselves. Their dad would have been proud. Their birthright. Yeah. Except for one thing. They're not Krays. Bollocks! Look... The top line is Ronnie Kray's DNA. The bottom line is DNA taken from the twins. Ronnie is not their father. They lied to you. They conned you. Couple of wannabe gangsters in love with the legend. You've been had. Well, who are they, then? They're the sons of Angie Brooks. That's all we know for sure. Jimmy and Johnny Brooks. And when everybody finds out and they will find out soon, the whole legend will collapse. And all the people who were blackmailed and extorted and wounded and robbed in the Kray name will no longer be afraid. And they'll want someone to blame. I know what you're after. I'm not a grass. It ain't grassing. It's taking revenge. It's time to give them up, Steven. You do the honours. Why? You've been through more than all of us. You're all under arrest for perverting the course of justice. This way, son, this way. Yeah, it's number nine. Stay on the ground floor, the armed response unit will go upstairs. Didn't expect to see you. I may stumble but I don't give up. (GUN BEING COCKED) Armed police! Armed police, stay where you are! Get down on the floor now! Now! Get down on the floor. Get down on the floor! Do it now! Do it now! Don't touch me! (POLICE SHOUTING) Don't you know who I am? I know who you're not. What are you talking about, policeman? You're not a Kray. You never were and you never will be. Shut up! Get down there! Mum! Mum! They don't know. They really think they're Ronnie's sons. Why did you make them believe they're something they're not? Isn't it better to be a somebody than a nobody? Because of your lies, your sons will spend the rest of their lives in prison. I did what any mum would do. I wanted my boys to have the world, and they had it for a while, didn't they? (MOBILE PHONE RINGS) Joe, how are you? It's over. We've got them. Jimmy and Johnny are in the cells at Whitechapel Police Station. Well done. You still want me to play guardian angel for your boy? No, not any more. It's time to play to your other strengths. I want it done quickly. Then you need to disappear. Are you sure you want to do that? Once you cross that line, there's no going back. But we've come this far together. Why stop when there's only one job left? (SHUTTER CLANGS) What have you done with my brother? Where's my brother? Johnny's here. He's in the next cell. What have you done with Johnny Kray? Johnny Kray! Welcome back, gentlemen. (CROWS CAWING) Who's she? Ronnie Kray used to pay a friendly undertaker to hide extra bodies in the coffins. My research suggests that Freddie The Dip has been sharing eternity with Miss Queenie Flowers. I always thought he'd be in the foundations of the Bow flyover. So this is quite nice really. A drink to your father? It's a single malt. Yeah. He hated that blended shit. To Freddie. To Dad. (MOBILE PHONE RINGS) Oop! I've got to go. Jimmy may not be Ronnie's son but he's more like him than we thought. Paranoid schizophrenic. He's a danger to himself. A secure unit's the best place for him. This could be a scam. An excuse to get him on the road so he can escape. I'm not letting him out of my sight till he's locked up again. I couldn't agree more. He's been sedated, he won't be any trouble. You keep looking over your shoulder. I ain't done with you yet, policeman. Jack? Argh! Ring a doctor! Stop that man, stop that man! He killed our prisoner! Somebody get an ambulance. Miles, what about Johnny? We can't let him get to Johnny. No! No! Jimmy and Johnny made too many enemies. It was impossible for you to save them. (POURING) A toast. I don't drink when I'm on duty. You've created the vacuum you wanted. What will you do with all the power? Well, it's a fresh start for everyone. Including you, if you want. No, thank you. I'm happy where I am. Power in itself is not a bad thing, Joe, it's how you choose to use it. Come on, Joe, what do you want? I'm offering you the world. I don't want it. Then how about all the interesting cases? Wherever they may be. Come on, Joe. Done! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 