Whitechapel: Season 4, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Whitechapel 
 s4e1 - Episode #4.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Whitechapel (2009–2013): Season 4, Episode 1 - Episode #4.1 - full transcript 
 Chandler and Miles attend the launch of Buchan's book on murders in Whitechapel where they are baffled by cryptic remarks made by an eccentric old lady Louise Iver. At the same time elderly vagrant Alexander Zukanov is lured to a house with strange markings on the wall where he is pressed to death, giving the name Dorothy Cade to his killer before he dies. Miles and Chandler visit Zukanov's doss-house and learn that the other occupants were frightened of him and regarded him as a warlock. Buchan confirms that he was a member of the Bulgarian secret service and Stella Knight from MI6 names him as having been an interrogator of former British spy Crispin Wingfield. Wingfield is questioned but released though he tells the police that the manner of Zukanov's death was a punishment for witches in the sixteenth century. Meanwhile Dorothy Cade, living with her sister Cecilia, is also murdered, burnt at the stake like a medieval witch. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Ladies and gentlemen... Ladies and gentlemen, our author will give a short introductory speech in 10 minutes. Thank you. Oh, sorry. (BELL RINGS) Oi! I'll have a white wine, please, waiter. Haha... I thought it was black-tie. Don't worry. You look great. And all the ladies have noticed. Ah, you might try your luck over there. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What? Why? What have you heard? She's an artist.Very funny.Smart. Who is she? Erica. Kent's sister. Twin. I'm not interested. In anyone. (GROANS) Excuse me. She's had two white wines, a red wine, and a glass of champagne, and now she wants a refill. She will probably fall asleep on the bus home and get her bag snatched. Mum says you're always working. That you can't turn it off.Can't help it. There's so much to notice. You need to relax. You're getting lines. And a touch of grey, too.Get off. (BELL RINGS) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 A gatecrasher? No, that's Mansell, my partner. He looks like he is here to party. Introduce me. No. Don't even think about it. Don't look at him. (POLICE SIRENS) (SIRENS CONTINUE) This is the safe house. So, why Whitechapel? Why was this the birthplace of the serial killer? Why the bloody history of murders and unnatural deaths? How can so much horror be visited on such a small area? Hello?! Hello?! Are you here?! (THUD) Hello? Hello? (FLOORBOARDS CREAK) There are some who believe that the gates to Hell can be found in the shadow of Christchurch. That this is the reason why Whitechapel is plagued with terrors. I came alone. Like you asked. (WHISPERS - INDISTINCT) What? I can't hear you. (SCREAMS) So, beware... For when the gates open, who knows what will crawl out and who will become the next chapter in my... History of Murder in Whitechapel. (APPLAUSE) (GROANS) Help me! Help! (GROANS) (MOANS) No! (WHEEL CREAKS) "To my friend Diggory." How kind. Thank you very much. You're very welcome. Gates of Hell.Really? I don't believe a word of that guff and it's not what my book is about. She made me do it. Who did? SHE did. From the marketing department. If there is a devil, she wears high heels and is called Daisy. It's your night. Try and enjoy it. Oh! Sorry. Are you in the book? No, I’m not. Oh, I understand. Did he leave you out to spare your feelings? I beg your pardon? Never bringing in a killer alive is a terrible legacy. I'm not in the book because I'm a serving police officer. Oh, well, your memoirs will be a depressing read, won't they? Ah, allow me. Good evening. Who is it to? Louise. Iver. (GASPS) (CRIES OUT) (DISTORTED VOICE) Why don't you give me a name? No. Oi! Back off, Constable. We are not on duty now. We all lose our bite as we get older. I haven't. There's no shame in it. It happens. Doesn't matter who you are or what you've done. Once you're old, they don't respect you any more. (GROANS) Are you ready to talk now? (STRUGGLES TO BREATH) Dorothy. Cade. Her name... is Dorothy Cade. (SCREAMS) Are you OK? God, your mum is something else. Oh, that's not my mother. Well, who is she, then? I have no idea. What have we got? Dead male. IC1. No ID. Found by a couple of junkies. Anything else? It's a doss house. Local toilet. Smells like London Zoo, I'm afraid. That's all right. Take a deep breath and then hold it. Have you seen these? What do you think they are? Symbols, glyphs, a code of some sort, I don't know. Make sure we get a clear picture of them. Lads! Get these symbols for us, will you? And look out for any others. So... The victim fell through the ceiling... and broke his ankles. His bones were smashed so he couldn't escape. It was a trap. Yeah. The killer then went on to inflict as much suffering and pain as possible. How long would it have taken him to die? As long as the killer wanted it to. Dead rat.Well, it's part of the decor. We are surrounded by rats all the time, but you never see any dead ones, do you? Because they hide away to die. What's this one doing here? It's not a sewer rat. It's a dumbo rat. You can tell by their ears. Liam has one. They make great pets. Very clever. Maybe it was the victim's pet? The neck's been broken. This rat was killed deliberately. And there's something inside it. Right... The victim has been positively identified by his fingerprints as Alexander Zukanov. He's aged 62, Bulgarian National of no fixed abode. Was arrested under the vagrancy act and cautioned in 2009. He had a pet rat, also found dead at the scene. (PHONE RINGS) DC Mansell.Hello.Mansell. Hello? Incident room. This murder was very personal. Someone with a grudge. A score to settle. The answer lies in Alex's past. I want a complete history. His whole life. Everything about him, and all his friends. Fill the boards. He died from crush asphyxia. The weight of the bricks compressed his chest walls until he couldn't breathe. Well, maybe if those junkies had found him sooner... It wouldn't have made any difference. When you have severe crush injuries, toxic inflammatory substances are released into the tissues. So, even if you found him alive, the act of removing the weight would have released those toxins into the bloodstream. What can you tell us about all the scars? He has extensive keloid and hypertrophic scarring. He has knife wounds here, here, here... Bullet wounds here, and here. How many times has this man died? Good question. He probably would have died years ago, but he had access to excellent medical care. Doesn't look like he could have afforded private. Look at his hands. He has calcification of the knuckles. That can be caused by punching sand. Martial arts, bullet wounds, first-class medical care... Gangster? Enforcer? So, was he living rough, or was he on the run? Your victim may have been a man of violence, but he had another side. He had a pocket in his coat... where this poor little fellow lived. I don't know. Dead bodies coming in and out all day and a rat chokes her up. It's my bloody hormones. I get weepy and sentimental over the strangest things. The rat was tortured. Just like Alex Zukanov. The killer force-fed it. Stones. Pushed down its throat, so it too was in agony. Ed, seriously, you need to calm down. What?! Where's the emergency? Ed, it's mildew... These files, these histories are my children. They are my family. And that black death wants to take them from me. Well, then, open a window. I don't have a window! We can't lose our history. Without our past, we have no future. Well, white vinegar should clean it off, and if that doesn't work, you can always try Borax. OK? Thank you. Thank you. I'll try that. Ooh, Ed... You'll have to find out where the damp's coming from as well. Oh, I will. I will. This is Alexander Zukanov's last known address. If you can call it that. (INDISTINCT NOISE IN DISTANCE) Excuse me. Station, that way. The city, that way. Hospital, that way. Savile Row, that way. We are not lost. Oh. Bankers. I'm afraid all of our splendidly appointed dwellings are taken. Do you know Alexander Zukanov? Er... Yes, we all know him. We don't like him. We're not friends with him. He's dead. He was murdered. Really? He was invincible. That's what made him so frightening. And this is his shelter, is it? Yeah. Don't ask me what he keeps in there. People were too scared to go in. He said he'd killed people. I-I believed him. But some of the others thought he was bad luck. Especially Lee. Lee Bysack. Um... Alex had a pet rat and Lee didn't like the way he spoke to it. He thought it was creepy. He thought that Alex had sent the rat around in the night to bite him. He said he was going to kill him. When did he say that? Last night. Boss... He must be surrounded by rats and still he keeps one as a pet. Its cage is cleaner than his shelter. It's quite organised in here, isn't it? Look at this. I used to have a case just like that at school. I haven't got my reading glasses. Doesn't matter. It's in Bulgarian. (EXPLOSION) (COUGHS) Get Kent and Mansell to track down Lee Bysack. I think you might have singed your eyebrows. (EXHALES) (TAP DRIPS) (DRIPPING INCREASES) Dark forces, gentlemen. Thermite charge, battery, and arming switch. This is proper international espionage. You were lucky it didn't blow your hands off. So the tramp was a spy? These were used by the Darzhavna Sigurnost, the CSS, or Bulgarian Secret Police. Assisted by the KGB. Or he found it dumped in a skip. Think about the scars, the history of violence they suggest. And his hands. He was a fighter, trained to kill. My guess is that Zukanov worked for Service Seven, a specialised unit for the kidnap and murder of dissidents abroad. Markov? On September 7, 1978, Georgi Markov was walking across Waterloo Bridge when he felt a sharp stabbing pain in his leg. Poisoned umbrella. Yes. The umbrella contained a lethal pellet of ricin. Markov died while his murderer was never apprehended. Your victim may have been involved. OK, so, he's the Bulgarian James Bond. But what's he doing in Whitechapel? The Cold War is over. Some wars never end. They just go underground. Hey... Hey! What? So uh... Has Erica asked about me at all? No. She has, hasn't she? I bloody knew it. You can't lie to me! Erica doesn't deserve to be messed around. I'd change my ways for a woman like that. Lee Bysack? We've been looking for you all morning. (GRUNTS) (SLURS) I'm busy. Tell your secretary to hold your calls. You're coming with us. Oh, sir... There's a woman waiting in your office. Who is she? She won't say. DI Chandler. And you are? Stella Knight. MI6. (MI6...)DS Miles. I believe an agent has gone rogue. One of yours killed Alex Zukanov? Perhaps. Crispin Wingfield. He was the best we had, until he was betrayed. He was captured in Bulgaria in 1978. Was he investigating the Markov assassination? He was released in 1989, but the years of captivity and torture had taken their toll. His mind was shattered, and he was deemed unfit for service. Where does Alex Zukanov fit into all this? He was Wingfield's interrogator. If Wingfield has taken revenge, is this the beginning or the end? Let's just say that you should consider his arrest a priority. Why do I feel like we're being used? I was approached by MI6 when I was at university. I turned them down. I'd have thought it'd be your sort of thing. Sharps suits, gadgets. My father was chief inspector. This is all I've ever wanted to be. My father was a joker who got no respect from anyone. I tried hard to be nothing like him. Miles? Spies use secret codes. Perhaps Wingfield left a message for MI6. I'll get Riley on it. Don't fuss, Dorothy. You're always fussing. Tea? Thank you, dear. I think we still have a little seed cake. Two slices. Unless you fed them to your pigeons... (TURNS GAS ON) (GAS HISSES) (WINDOW RATTLES) (GAS CONTINUES TO HISS) Dorothy, the flames, you're burning. You're burning, Dorothy! (TURNS GAS OFF) Lee... You do realise that you've got your coat on inside out? Ah... That's what gave me the edge. I couldn't find my way back. None of the roads made sense. I kept ending up where I'd started, and then I realised, I was being pixie led. I turned my coat... insided out... and then I was protected from the bewitching. What drugs do you use? I'm not... I don't use drugs. I rely on talismans. Oh, no, that is rank. Who bewitched you, Lee? Alex. He was evil. He sent his rat army to kill me. But last night, my coat made me invisible. And that's how I was able to kill him first. CHANDLER: From what Knight says, Wingfield is going to be paranoid. Possibly suicidal. We don't want him biting down on a cyanide tablet or taking a dive out of the window. You're still worried about bringing one in alive, aren't you? DI Chandler and DS Miles! Do come in. I've been expecting you. I've packed a bag. I'm ready to go. Do you know why we're here, Mr Wingfield? Stella Knight thinks I've gone rogue. And now I'm being framed for murder. You seem pretty relaxed about it. I've made my peace. I know that when they've finished toying with me, I will be killed. I guarantee your safety in my custody. No harm will come to you. You can't give me that guarantee. Shall we? (BANG AT WINDOW) Oh! Oh, dear. Poor little thing. (BIRD'S NECK SNAPS) (KNOCKS GLASS) Come in. Sir... Lee Bysack's confession. It's not very detailed, is it? He remembers attacking Zukanov on Whip Street. Yeah, but he doesn't remember tying him up and slowly crushing him to death. And killing his rat. Well, his alcohol intake means that his memory is impaired, but... This is what they do. They kill each other over crumbs. Who? Tramps. The vulnerable deserve our compassion, not our judgment. It's not enough. Are you looking for someone? I know she's here. Somewhere. MI6 want us to think that Wingfield is the killer, but Lee Bysack claims to have got there first.Someone is lying. Good morning. What do you want? To remind you of the Official Secrets Act. I never signed it. You don't have to. It's a law, not a contract. You are all subject to it. I have a right to question my suspect. Correct. You can ask him anything you like about the murder of Alexander Zukanov. As long as that's all you ask, I will not interfere. Well, this is the most luxurious interrogation I have ever had. Hot shower. Hot coffee. I even had a choice of microwaved curries. This isn't an interrogation, it is an interview.Which is lovely. You can't electrocute me. You can't beat the soles of my feet. You can't leave me soaking wet in a freezing cell. So, how are you going to make me talk? I could try saying please. What would you like to know? How did you know Alex Zukanov? He gave me my manicure. Right, this is where Lee Bysack reckons he first attacked Zukanov. There is CCTV on this building. Hopefully it recorded the fight. Yeah... I'm sorry! If you've got to be somewhere else, don't let something as stupid as a murder enquiry get in the way. I'm done. CCTV... Come on. Chop chop. Kent! Come on! What can you tell us about these? Ah, fascinating. It's definitely a code. We know that. Can you read it? No, I haven't a clue. Numbers are hard to crack. Letters, tricky, but can be done. But with symbols, you need a key. A Rosetta Stone. Are you starting to crack, Detective? Is fatigue eroding your will? Are you willing to say anything to make this stop? I can do this for hours. Did you murder Alex Zukanov? Do you know what this is? Revenge? It's called a Peine Fort et Dure. It's a form of torture used in common law in the 16th century. It was also used to force people to confess to witchcraft. A good way of making an old enemy suffer. Ah, yes... But who is the real enemy? How about the one who called off my rescue? The one who hoped I'd never return? The one who is scared of what I know! Time's up! You'll have to carry on tomorrow. (WATER RUNS) This is what we do to stop them hearing us. Pardon? Wingfield isn't the killer. I was thinking the same thing. But for some reason, Stella Knight wants us to think he is. I don't like MI6 using us to do their dirty work. Let's play along... Find out what they're up to. (DOOR OPENS, CLOSES) (TAP DRIPS) Eureka! Please stop saying that. No, really. I have identified one of the marks. Uratian hieroglyphics. These marks date back to 810 BC and were made by the Kurgan people of Ural mountains. That's one symbol. What about the others? We have to dig deeper. Miles? Boss, look. What the...? She's turned us over. My office. (FOOTSTEPS) That's her. Oi! (FOOTSTEPS) (DOOR SLAMS SHUT) Drop it! Ah, I'm so sorry. Did you see anything back there? There is no one down there. It's just me and Ed. And who are you chasing?! Oh! A spook. (RADIO PLAYS) Aren't you going to invite your guest to join us? What ARE you talking about now, Cecilia? You're getting dotty. I know he's in the house. I can smell him. (TURNS RADIO OFF) (FLOORBOARDS CREAK UPSTAIRS) (FLOORBOARDS CREAK UPSTAIRS) (FLOORBOARDS CREAK) (LOCKS DOOR) (DOOR CLOSES) Aren't you a little too senior to be creeping around my offices? I have no idea what you're talking about. I accept you are entitled to watch the interviews, I agreed to share relevant facts, but I draw the line at you interfering with my investigation.When? Today. The incident room was completely ransacked. As was my office. Well, Detective... Let me assure you that if my agency had been involved... you would not have seen a mote of dust out of place. Good night, dear. I can still smell him! I will air the house tomorrow. (SIGHS) (ELECTRICAL PULSE) Oh! (FLOORBOARDS CREAK) Is...? Is somebody there? The Communist regime in Bulgaria was overthrown in 1989. Bulgaria is now a democracy, a member of NATO, and the European Union. An ally. And the murder of one of their former operatives by one of ours threatens that relationship. Reopens old wounds. Wingfield can't be allowed to exact retribution after all these years. He has to be stopped. And due process must be observed to prevent a diplomatic shit-storm. How many people are on his kill list? If he's taking on the KGB... Hundreds. (STRUGGLES TO SPEAK) Her name is Cherry Thrapston. She might be who you are looking for. (STRUGGLES TO CRY OUT) It's not even a tune. It's just random noise. Well, I'm happy. Is that OK? Why are you happy? I'm not telling. Oi, do I have to write you up? What did you do that for? Hey, Sarge... Looks like Wingfield has been staying in a hotel. And not just any hotel. "The Royal Duchess." Yep. He has had this room for a couple of weeks. Comes in, stays all day, all night. Always alone. Very quiet. He's no trouble at all. Was Mr Wingfield here the night before last? Um... Yes. We don't have room service, so he asked my son to get him a takeaway. A good tipper. Good alibi. Stays all day and all night. He's on surveillance. Why has he been watching us? Everything Bysack said checks out. He did attack Zukanov the night he died. Really? (TELEPHONE RINGS) Hello? Mansell. Who is this? Angry ex. Which one? God knows. Zukanov defends himself easily and then walks away. Bysack can barely stand... let alone follow him. We've still got Wingfield, sir. We're letting him go. So, Bysack's our only suspect. Go door-to-door on the street where Zukanov was killed. See if anyone remembers Bysack being there that night.Yes, sir. Well, I didn't think I'd walk away. You had an alibi. Why were you spying on us? You've been infiltrated by an agent. (SCOFFS) I don't think we're that interesting. Any soul is of interest. And you have been chosen. By whom? I first heard of this agent when I was in captivity. It is a provocateur whose purpose is to incite others to commit evil acts. Markov. Calvi. The Krays. The Ripper. An immortal entity was behind them all. Planting the seeds, watching the horror grow. The provocateur had Zukanov killed. It was a setup to silence me. Now that has failed, another way will be found. You're mad. I wish I were. I wish I was wrong. Good luck. God bless. (FOOTSTEPS FROM BEHIND) The council had complaints about smoke from a bonfire, but they didn't do anything. Then when the garden shed went up, they called the Fire Brigade, and then us. Who's the victim? Miss Dorothy Cade. 82. Lived with her sister Cecilia. Makes you sick. Fire is an effective destroyer of everything. This is all that's left of Dorothy Cade. (RETCHES) (SCRATCHES) Ouch! You OK? Yes, it's just a scratch. Ow! Was it a quick death at least? If it was a big fire, she would have been overcome by the carbon monoxide and lost consciousness. She would have died before the flames reached her. You don't think that was the case? He wanted her to burn slowly. He set a small fire and tended it with skill. It was incredibly cruel. Just like the first victim. The killer wants them to suffer extreme pain and agony. To do this to another human being, you must really hate them. Or really fear them. The first victim was crushed under a pile of stones, a 16th century torture. Now an old lady is burned at the stake. Someone's killing witches in Whitechapel. I don't know any witches. We will wait for the imps. She's onto me. I don't have much time. Hysteria is contagious. You should be careful. Pack it in! That is in order! I ain't scared of you.Witches exist. They're people who think that their rituals and superstitions have real power, and so does the killer. (EXPLOSION) subtitles by Deluxe 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 