Gomorrah: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Gomorrah 
 s1e11 - Cento modi per uccidere - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Gomorrah (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 11 - Cento modi per uccidere - full transcript 
 Genny is cornered when the Savastanos' rivals rally around Conte and he also faces trouble internally as his supporters and old lieutenants battle. Imma intervenes and establishes order and realizes that Ciro is behind this war. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Play one of the best new FPS shooters, search Steam for PROJECT WARLOCK Always with us, you'll always be with us! Always with us, you'll always be with us. Word of God. Praise to You, Oh Christ. Bruno couldn't come, but he was so fond of Daniele. He was his best friend. There are no words, Angela. We all know this isn't a hero's death. But despite Daniele's responsibility, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 he was just 16. Children born in other places in Italy have opportunities that are denied here. There are no colours here, everything's gray, there are no good places that allow the development of our children's talents. This is a ghetto. Here they want people to stay in their homes, not interfere. They wanted an entire area for drug-dealing in broad daylight. The Almighty will consider that if Daniele made mistakes, they were mistakes made by a boy of 16, a boy who was certainly responsible for what he was doing, but 16... 16 is so young, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 that it forces you to look closer at what's behind it, it obliges you to share the responsibility. Daniele's age knocks on the consciences of those who yak about legality, commitment, work. And it doesn't knock with knuckles, but with fingernails. All stand. Any news about his friend Bruno? Disappeared, they say he's in Marseille, he has relatives there. We could go there. We can't make more trouble, if he knew anything, he'd have talked already. Let's leave someone casing his house, for now. - Guys, who gives the orders here? - We do! Massimo, Daniele's brother? Can't find him either, we've looked all over, no one knows where he is. We know who killed Danielino. - But we don't know why. - I don't give a fuck why! Conte shouldn't dare, this is my house and Danielino was our problem. But Conte didn't give a fuck. That asshole's challengin' us all. What are you sayin'? What are you sayin'? Since Ciro went to Spain, we're doin' good business with Conte, really great business. If Conte's back, it's just because they killed Russo. Then why's he still here? Why's he promisin' the world to whomever passes over to him? We gotta finish with Conte. We stop sellin' his smoke, today. Think about it, Genny, think. It puts us in the wrong, what this kid's sayin' is gossip, hearsay. I'm sure Conte didn't mean any disrespect, maybe he didn't even know who Danielino was. He knew who Danielino was and he knew I was handling it personally. I'm not givin' my money to people who want war with me. Gennaro, don't forget one thing: we all built this house with your father and we always respected just one rule, money's got no flag, and we're talkin' about money, money and that's all. The problem isn't Conte. See you, Gennaro. Bye, guys! Bye, Gennaro. Tonino, see you at home? Zecchinetta's got a bad temper. He never talked like that to Don Pietro. And in front of everyone too... Kiddin' me? But he's no idiot, he baited the hook, he knows there's money to get, some fish will bite. And the fact that Conte hasn't gone back to Spain... I think he has something in mind. Bye, Gennaro. Ciro's right, money kills more than guns. I didn't like what Zecchinetta said, he shouldn't dare. But I especially didn't like how the old guys listened. He's gotta eat his tongue, but first find out where that shit Conte's hidin'. Agostino, hi kid! Is Dad at home? Yeah, I'll get him? Don't worry, we'll go up. Little guys, what are you doin'? - We're playing. - With guns. Put them down, I'll show you something nice. A device has been found in the office of the President of the Campania region... Agostino, the keys! He never changes. Agostino, take the keys with you! What's going on? - Are you crazy? - Genny sent us. - Wait. - It's great! Wait. - What are you showing them? - It's great, I want one too! You want one too? Here. Wait. - Show me, can you shoot? - Yes. Shoot there. - You're Dad's friends, right? - Sure. We've known him since we were your age. Shoot! Good boy! I'm Genny's godfather, I don't believe he sent you. Well, he did, he's fucking sick of you. - My kids are outside. - Don't worry, we'll handle them. - Tell us where Conte's hiding. - I don't know! I don't believe you! - I don't believe you. - I don't know, I don't want to know. You piece of shit, you've gone over to Conte. You're already with Conte. When we wipe him out and those shits of his, we'll split the territory and make a pact. The ones Savastano kicked out can come back and without trouble. The markets are everyone's, and no one, no one... will have a monopoly over anything. We all use the channels we want, no paying middle men, and personal vendettas stay separate, because business is the most important thing. I'm not asking anyone to betray. I just want you to take what was already yours, like I want to take what was already mine. I was born here, like all of you. Guys, they're all crazy. My nephew, my own blood, killed Zecchinetta, I can't believe it. He's like a son, now what do I do? We can't leave the clan with Genny and his gang, we have to do something, for the good of everyone. We've always been in the Savastano clan, Don Pietro was like a father to me and it's the same for all of you. Pietro Savastano, sure, but his son and his son's gang are something else. Business is nothin' to them, they're disrespectful and dickheads. If we go to war, we'd better choose our side well. My brother and I are ready to do anything... - Even to go over to Conte. - No, not me. Now we gotta stay together, all of us. Ciro, you raised Gennaro only you can make him see reason, go talk to him. I can try. But, Carlo, you have to do something too. Ciro, you go talk to Genny, I'll deal with my nephew. Hey, come here, I gotta talk to you. - What's up, uncle? - Get over here! Tonino, what the fuck got into you? What are you talking about? Don't play dumb with me, I raised you, and I always hear what you do. We did our duty, Genny ordered it. Genny's an idiot. You don't kill people who earn you money, you buy them. - We all loved Zecchinetta. - Why was he in business with Conte? Who the fuck cares! Zecchinetta was one of us, okay? You know it's us who count now? Don't move! Kid, watch it, understand? You and this bunch of fish bait gotta respect those that are older and have more experience, okay? - You don't get it. - Idiot, put that down. You don't understand a fuckin' thing, you're like old cars, you're headed for the junk yard. Oh, yeah? Then shoot, show me what a man you are. If you kill me, you kill yourself, piece of shit. Hey, what are you doing? Are you crazy? He's your uncle, lower the gun. Hey Pop, start it up. Let's go, nothin' happened. Zecchinetta's death made them show their hand. The old guys met with Conte. They all want to move to his side, they say they don't trust you, OT anyone Of YOU, anymore, because you've never showed respect. Are you serious? They want to betray you and your father? We gotta do with them like we did with Zecchinetta. Track's right, we gotta kill 'em all, even if we got doubts. Zecchinetta's dead because he made a mistake. Nobody else dies for the moment. Tomorrow I'm talkin' to my father and when I'm back, there'll be no more talk about Salvatore Conte, just about Don Pietro Savastano, because we're all his sons, not just me. Dad, how are you? Dad? Our friend is back from Spain and wants to give a party the same day as ours. We're worried, lots of our friends want to go to his party and not ours. Dad, you have to talk to our relatives, or someone will be upset. I don't know who I can trust anymore, understand? Dad? Guys, you shoulda seen him. I gave him time to look me in the eye and then I blew his head off. Track's right, a shot to the head, they die fast. And not in the face? From front or back, it's the same. What are you sayin'? You don't know a fuckin' thing! You gotta shoot them in the chest. A couple of chest shots and they die right off. - Hey, don't fuck with me... - Stay calm, idiot. - What's with you? - Let's just relax. And remember what Genny said, no trouble, till he gets back. Understand? Here's a killer... Wants to be boss! Jack the Ripper. The chest? It takes ten minutes to die. Your lungs gotta fill with blood first. So much pain, you piss yourself. - What the fuck, I'm eatin'. - I forgot... The young lady's edgy. Ya heard? This here young lady's scared of his uncle. Got a problem? You're the problem. You're the problem! See how you're shittin' your pants? Guys, don't you smell the stink of shit? Asshole, I'm not scared of anyone. And now I'll show you. Bring the bill! What are you doing? - I'm texting. - With who? A friend of mine. That phone's always in your hands! This is Mom. Come here, baby. It's Tonino, I have a message from Genny. - Come on up. - I can't, you come down. Are you coming, or aren't you? I can't come down, you come up. He's not alone, Dad. Let's go. - But he was scared shitless. - No way! Let's go, we'll come back tomorrow. They left. Let's see if the bastard can get out. Two go there. Songbird! Shit bastard! Songbird! - What's all this racket? - Songbird, come down! You're fuckin' around at this hour? What are you doing? Come and see! - He called Giovanni. - He's comin' down! Make it fast! Songbird! - What's all this? - You piece of shit! You're stayin' locked up like a monkey! You sons of bitches! Asshole, I'll call your uncle! You're a shit, a snot-nosed baby! I'll come get you in bed, asshole! Giovanni! These four sons of bitches... Giovanni, come down! Songbird! You shits! It's on fire. Little Baron! - Fuckhead! - You shit, come to the balcony! Come out! Dick! Come to the balcony! - Shoot! - You're no one, Little Baron. You're shittin' yourself, Little Baron! You shit yourself. Let's go. You can't stand his jealousy, possessive like a madman, you asked for that slap, don't you see he's crazy about you. Call him, this time I'll dial the number, the silent treatment is useless, you already know he comes looking for you, he loves you and you love him too, your eyes say so, you can't stand living this way... - Hi. - Hi, Mom. Dad's lost his head. He didn't say a word to me, I think they're drugging him, he's not himself. No one's to know this, hear me? No one. Listen to me, for once. You have to say your father said to find peace, to admit all errors and forgive. Forgive what? Your idiot friends wreaked havoc on Naples and this morning the old clan killed Tonino Spiderman. You have to call a meeting tomorrow, there's too much tension. A sit-down, everyone puts a close relative as guarantee, each one puts a relative in the hands of another, that way you're sure no one tricks you. I was with my father yesterday, in that shit jail, he talked to me heart in hand. He had me see what we really are. He said both from this side and the other, we're all friends, relatives, brothers. Yes, I was wrong, actually, my friends and me were wrong, because we acted without thinking and we forgot the most important thing, respect. I'm not forgetting Zecchinetta's blood, or Tonino Spiderman's. But this death chain's gotta stop right now, because we have to be united against Salvatore Conte, who's gotta go back to Spain, because just one clan gives the orders here and that clan's all of us. - Who is it? - Lady lmma. Good evening, please come in. May I? Good evening. Bruno was scared, that's why he didn't say anything. Then, when he heard about Danielino's death and funeral, he sent me this. It's a message, Bruno found it on his voicemail. Voicemail. Bruno, it's Manu, Daniele's girlfriend, I'm still waiting. Are you Manu, Daniele's girlfriend? Are you Bruno, his friend? Get in. What happened to Daniele, where is he? That's what you'll tell me. You're not Bruno. You're pretty and smart too. - Let me out! - Where are you going? - Let me out! - Where the fuck's Daniele? - Let me out! - I can make you talk! Where is he? We can't trust him, he just wants to buy time. I agree with my brother. You saw how they looked at us in there? We have to talk to Conte, and right away. We can go to war with Genny only if he helps. It'd be better if we avoid this war, it's best. We've already got enough deaths to mourn. Ciro, what do you say? Can we trust him? I've done all I could to keep this clan together. Now I think we should split. Gvpsvs right, Gennaro Savastano did some nice acting. We have to offer Conte our alliance. We have to go to war with Gennaro, before he wars with us. Think about it. - What's going on? - It was Midget. There's a problem with Lady lmma. Marina... This is a copy of the recording. - Do me a favour tomorrow. - Tell me. Go to my lawyer, I'll call him later with instructions if anything happens to me. Why? What will you do? I'll talk to him, I have to save my son's life. I don't know how you can stand there and look him in the eye. When I look at Ciro, I see a dead man and I see my son at his funeral making a nice speech before all the heads of our family. It's not the strongest who wins the war, it's the one who's best at waiting and no one knows how to wait better than us women. Hello? Good morning, Ciro, sorry to disturb you on Sunday, but I have to talk, can we meet? No problem, Lady lmma, you know, you've always known. I'm always at your disposal. I'll see you later. Alright. Maria Rita, let's go! You're Manu, Daniele's girlfriend? Are you Bruno, his friend? Get in. - Where's Daniele? - That's what you'll tell me. You're not Bruno. You're pretty and smart too. - Let me out! - Where are you going? - Let me out! - Where the fuck's Daniele? - Let me out! - I can make you talk! Where is he? Where the fuck is he? You killed a 15 year-old girl, you betrayed everyone. They're things that no one could forgive. But I don't want Genny to ever find out, not him or anyone else. But you have to do what I say. Call Conte, tell him you want to be allies and the older clan are willing to follow, say you need a meeting to plan how to get rid of Genny and his guys. An ambush! It's the only thing to do to keep the peace, Conte has to die. And then? And then you have to go, you, your daughter, your wife, you have to disappear and never come back. And who says I won't kill you now? If anything happens to me, my lawyer will give Genny a CD with this recording, then everyone will know you're a traitor. I've always known I couldn't trust you, it's in your eyes. You have no feelings. That's not true. To survive, I've held onto one feeling, just one, I've always hated you. Do what I said, if you want to live. Hello? So? Good, very good, you did a good job. That's enough. We'll talk later. Bye. We want a meeting. And what does Gennaro Savastano say? What's he say? Nothing. The Savastanos are history. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 