Castlevania: Season 3, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Castlevania 
 s3e1 - Bless Your Dead Little Hearts - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Castlevania (2017–…): Season 3, Episode 1 - Bless Your Dead Little Hearts - full transcript 
 Alucard adjusts to his lonely new life, Belmont and Sypha pay a visit to an eerie and unusual town, and Carmilla returns home with a prize. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 What do you think, Trevor? I think I hate everything and everybody, so I'm going to get drunk on beer that's been brewed in an old sheep carcass, and then I'm going to stick my tiny penis in a dead dog I found in a ditch to make hate-babies or something because I am actually more stupid than mud. You are a horrible, terrible person, and many other words for horrible and terrible, because I know all the words, because I am smarter than everybody, and one day I will go back to live with my flea-bitten family in a cart, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 which makes me better than everyone, and you will all die in a fire. A big one. Oh, my God. I am losing my mind. It's only been a month. I think. I think it might actually be a nice night, for once. I hope so. Your feet get so bloody cold at night. Don't they, though? It's supernatural. Like death, rubbing up and down my leg. Even I don't want to be near them, and they're attached to me. Do you think we'll make the next town before we lose the last of the light? With a bit of luck. If this doesn't take too long. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Do we need to make more noise? No. They can hear us. They need to hurry up. I'm hungry. And I could use a drink. It should start any minute now. Let them get in close and get confident. I know. Here they come. Oh, no! Night creatures! Whatever shall I do, out here alone in the forest, with only my brain-damaged servant who talks about nothing but beer? I am certainly doomed. Oh, God, not this again. Doomed, I say. Defenseless and frozen to my seat with fear! Laying it on a little thick, aren't you, Sypha? It's always easier when we let them get in range. - Four. - Yep. Doomed. Really are. Poor beasties. Hah! Easy there, boys. This will all be over in a minute. What if I said I was sorry? Hah! Sorry I took so long. I couldn't let the forest catch fire. It's fine. I wasn't waiting long. Really. That was pretty fast, though, right? Yeah. Easy. They weren't expecting Belnades and Belmont! So... I've been promoted from "brain-damaged servant," then. Did you know that the original meaning of the word Belmont is "brain damaged servant?" It is not. I am a Speaker. I know many things. What are you doing? Buying some insurance. Between the wandering packs of night creatures, and the brigands and opportunistic criminals, and that one guy with the horse-drawn sailboat on wheels that called himself the Pirate of the Roads... It's best to look like useful friends when we arrive at new towns. You're catching on. Well, it's been quite a month. We'd almost given up hope. Thirty fucking days, Lenore. We were lucky to march for eight hours a night. I'm sorry. Why were you marching? You were given horses for a reason. Well, you didn't give me immortal vampire horses of death, did you? Eight hundred miles, and every inch of it infested with bastards. We lost the horses to arrows and swords in the first week! It's absolutely bloody chaos out there! Humans fighting each other, night creatures gone mad, even vampire packs trying to set up kingdoms. There is literally no one between here and Braila who I don't want to murder. So what do you want to do first, Carmilla? I want to get in a bath for at least a day. And then I want you to bring a cartographer to my chambers. I may have a plan. Oh, yes. Striga. Take this to a cell and lock it up. Throw it food once a day. What is it? It's a whining bag of shit that I would have happily have dropped in a ditch at any moment over the last month. But it is also a Forgemaster. So keep it alive. My plan includes it. Take this to the western cellblock. Don't kill it. And throw some water over it. - It stinks. - Ow. If there's nothing else urgent, I suggest we get you indoors and give you a proper welcome. Hmm. My sisters. I've spent the last ten days of that hell march wondering if I'd die of hunger or sheer bloody rage before I got home... and wondering if you'd still be waiting for me. Where's Morana? She awaits us inside. Come on. There you are, Morana. It's good to see you again. You're late. Thirty days slogging through... To make terrible time. We stationed our forces within a day's ride of Braila. Where are the horses? Killed by insane humans with pointy sticks. And half a dozen packs of starving night creatures. And eaten. And every other fucking thing. The plan couldn't have gone more wrong. You'll be wanting a drink, then. Mm. Virgin's blood. Oh, bless your dead little hearts. You do still love me. Mm. Welcome home, Carmilla. We're all so glad to have you back with us. The plan didn't matter a whit compared to your safety. Welcome back to your castle and your realm. It's us against the world, Carmilla. Same as it always was. Mister Saint Germain. Just Saint Germain, please. You're not a mister? I most certainly am not. What are you, then? Many things, young lady. Many things. Uh... I'd like two apples, I think. Two coins each. They were one denarius yesterday. That was yesterday. Yes. Just yesterday, they were one denarius. Has there been some apocalyptic development that I somehow slept through in the meantime? Time's moved on. Season's ending. Less supply, same demand. Time absolutely does move on, and, sadly, none of us is master or mistress of it. You should be a banker. Give me some coins to count, then. Practice. Excellent. I have one grosh. I said two coins each. But a grosh is twice as large as a denarius, and twice as thick, with twice the silver of a denarius. You see? Grosh isn't coin. It most certainly is a coin. We don't truck with that eastern money around here. Proper coin, Mister Saint Germain. Good grief. My apples, if you please. It's a little late for new arrivals, isn't it? I trust this isn't a bolder breed of brigand, or that imbecile who put wheels on his boat again. Well... this is new. So... Had you been having problems with a night creature pack outside your lovely town? If you mean, "Were terrible naked bastards from Hell trying to eat people in the forest," then yes. Ah. So had the village down the road. They told us the pack had been hitting travelers and transports. My partner and I decided to take care of that for you. Where are we? This is Lindenfeld. The minster town. The spire we saw from the road belongs to the priory, yes? Oh! You're a Speaker. We haven't seen any of your people in some while. It's a genuine honor. I'm the Judge of Lindenfeld. A township Judge! That is a very old term for the headman and landlord of a town, from the time before boyars and lords. What is your name? I'm simply the Judge. And you are? Wait a moment. Those are monks of the Priory. Take care. They are somewhat, uh, broken. Judge. Prior Sala. What is happening here? And this is a night creature of Dracula's horde. It is. Did you kill it? That's right. Good. The horde betrayed Dracula at Braila. Murder at the hands of vagabonds and a long dragging behind a wagon is no less than they deserve. Betrayed him? Dracula is dead. Didn't you hear? We did not. How do you know this? Information still gets carried between minsters. Vampires were trapped at Braila, and they told of his castle being flooded with holy water and sent back to Hell. They said they felt his death. I would very much like to know who killed him, Speaker. Why? So my men can punish those responsible. Dracula sought to reunite us all in Hell with his beloved wife. OK, then. Nice to meet you. There was a Speaker woman at Gresit. What are your names? There are Speakers everywhere. They would only have given aid and comfort to those harmed by Dracula's hordes. Does that offend you? It is time for you and yours to move along now, Prior. Indeed. We shall give thanks. What the hell was that? We suffered an attack during the recent troubles. It was a difficult night for the priory. Honestly, though, when it was learned that the actions of the Church were what unleashed it all, I think it just sent Prior Sala and his people quite mad. Oh, dear. What a shame. Never mind. He's been taking in refugees of a similar turn of mind. It's a problem. Mister...? I'm Trevor. This is Sypha. Ah. No last names? Not until I feel a little safer here. Sensible. Well, Mr. Trevor, a pleasure to meet you both. Welcome to Lindenfeld. What do you want for its teeth? What? I'll give you two coins for each tooth. Pardon me? All right, three. - But... - Sypha. Three coins a tooth is fine, but you'll have to get them out yourself. Happily! Trevor, that is wrong! You're hungry, aren't you? Well, yes. We need friends, but we also need coins. For food, and for somewhere to sleep that isn't the back of the wagon. Oh. You know, that might be nice. I mean, I'm used to sleeping in wagons, but it is nice when you stop. And that man there has beer. Could I get a mug? I'll have some coins in a minute. You killed that bastard thing. You get one free. I love you! Oh, my God. That is better than sex. Mmm. Better than sex? Ah, well, no, not-not... You, know, just d-different, differently good. Really? But, I-I-I didn't, I didn't mean... I do hope you sleep well tonight with my tiny, icy foot shoved all the way up your... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 