Castlevania: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Castlevania 
 s2e1 - War Council - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Castlevania (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - War Council - full transcript 
 Dracula's generals gather to prosecute the war against humanity. There is discord when Dracula's human allies, Hector and Isaac, are given command of the armies of the night. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [thunder rumbling] [woman] You stay right there, Mrs. Djuvara. I'm just going to get something for your cough. [coughs] Thank you. Dr. Tepes. [groans] it bubbles when I breathe. Did I say that? Yes, you did. Don't move. I'll be right backwith some medicine. More leaves. I expect. Mr. Djuvara always gives me leaves. Leaves and acorns. Probably turning into a squirrel. [sniffles] 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I didn't know you were married. My husband is travelling abroad. He'll be home before winter's done. I'll be right back. Yes. I hate that you're not here... every day. But I love that you gave me the knowledge to help people. [footsteps approaching] [gasps] Is that leaves? If I have to chew more cud, I'm going to start making milk, Dr. Tepes. No, no. it's a powder mixed with some strawberrywine. A powder? You sound like the old, wise woman we used to have. The powder turned out to be her dried foot skin. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 My God. I'm amazed any of you are still alive. No, this powder is a medicine that grows as mold. You're giving me mold? I think I want the leaves. Trust me. Just take two sips three times a day until the bottle's empty. - That's all? - Come and see me next week if you like. - But your chest should be clear by Friday. - Oh. I don't know how we coped before you came here. Doctor. Magic powders. My Lord. It's not magic. It's nothing but things we used to know. that we forgot or lost over the years. No foot skin required. [thunder rumbling] Mrs. Lisa Tepes? Yes? You go on home now. I am an emissary of the Archbishop ofTargoviste. Do I understand correctly that you serve as a physic to this community? I'm a doctor, yes. Uh, can I help you? Is the Archbishop ill? You know what to look for. What? What do you need? Tell me. I'll gladly give it to you. - Silence. - I will not be silent. Just let me help. - With Satan's tools? - [glass shattering] Hmm? I don't think so. Excuse me? - Here, your Eminence. - [glass shatters] [scoffs] Satan's tools. Make fire. Clean it out. What? We were told that something was wrong here. It seems she was telling the truth. What are you doing here that you need to subject the good people of this land to such fearsome engines? I don't understand. Look around you. Do you pretend that these things are not witchcraft and alchemy? [gasps] It moves on its own. What is this? It's medicine. How could engines of the Devil be physic, woman? It's old knowledge, that's all. Sciences from older times, lost to history. I have-l mean, I've studied times past and learned ways to serve our people more effectively, that's all. [scoffs, clicks tongue] Paganism. No. lt'sjust science. It has nothing to do with any god or- Nothing to do with God? No, that's not what I meant. Take her to the cathedral at Targoviste. There shall be an inquisition. After she's interned, you may take some alms to she who was the wise woman of this village. Tell her that her good deed will, um... carry her into heaven. Destroy everything in this room. Let no trace of her magic remain. Please. Please, you don't know what you're doing. I know exactlywhat I'm doing. I am saving Wallachia from witches. No. Listen. Please, you don't know what you're going to bring upon yourself if you harm me. You threatened me? Listen! Just let me go. I'll leave. You'll never see me again. I can't promise your safety if you harm me. You dare menace me with Satan? Get her out of here before I strike her dead. Not Satan. If you anger him, he's worse. Because he's real. Please! He's come so far! Don't make him do it! No, don't make him kill you all! Please! [grunts] - [bottles shattering] - [grunts] [grunts] [hisses] [man grunting] - Stand up like a man. [grunts, laughs] - [footsteps approaching] My generals. We prosecute a good war. In killing my wife, humanity has proven to me that they don't deserve Wallachia. Wallachia will now become our seat. We will scour them off the land. We will continue to use the night hordes. All the creatures of terror that humanity once drove away. Afterwards, I think I will give Wallachia to them. Perhaps that will be better. Hector, lsaac, present me with plans for our next steps today. The only two humans in your inner court, and they are the ones who will plan our next attack? The only two generals in my court who are not driven by thirst. The only two who are bound by loyalty and intellect. True. They are not vampires like you and I, Godbrand. And that is why I trust them. Forwe are about the business of wiping humanity from the Earth. And they still stand with me. What the hell was that? He summons us from all over the world, tells us it's war. We're finally putting the screws to the livestock and taking over. And now this? Turning the whole thing over to a couple of humans? What is this shit? - Hey! Where are you two going? - We're going to talk to him. Whywould he want to talk to you rather than me? Perhaps he wants to meet with his own kind. Godbrand, you've never met anything you didn't immediately kill, fuck, or make a boat out of. I don't understand why our lord doesn't tie you up outside with the rest of the animals. Bigot! I like boats. I'm a fucking Viking. We're supposed to make boats out of things. [Hector] Master. Hector, lsaac, you may approach. We are honored by your faith in us. But to serve you correctly, we have to ask. Why us? Hmm. Did you hear Godbrand down there? "Livestock," he said. So many of my kindred are the same. They can no longer conceive of humans as thinking beings. Just livestock. It's the privilege of our condition, I suppose. You can't hate livestock. They are simplywhat they are. Grazing animals to be slaughtered. But you two are different. You are human. You are not looking at the scouring of humanity from the earth as an opportunity to get the livestock under control and to fill stables, and abattoirs, and pantries. You hate your species. You hate humans. You have a focus and clarity that the others lack. You understand that humans think, and scheme, and betray. You understand why they all must die. Yes. This is the workwe were born for. Thank you. Yes. Thank you for clarifying, Master. We will try to direct the war accordingly. I only hope your generals will listen to us. They will have no choice. They obey me. You are my chosen authors of the war. And so they will obey you. The matter is closed. Of course. [woman]I neverwanted you, Hector. You sicken me. Do you understand? The moment you came out of me, I knew you were wrong. [man]Alchemy is for money and power, boy. Money and power and buying our safety are all that matters. Stop whining about cruelty. This is the world. This is the way things are. Now get away from me. [woman] Hector? Hector, unlock this door at once! Are you burning something out there? [woman screaming] I understand completely. It's going to be all right. We're going to kill them all for you. Theywill suffer. The suffering doesn't really matter to me anymore, lsaac. Only the death. Only the death matters now. [raven cawing] [sobs] - [sobs] - [raven cawing] [pots clinkling] [horse neighing] [Sypha] Hmm. Your people are going to be fine, you know. I know. And I know they have to do it. Other towns need their aid and to have their stories saved. I'm not worried about them. You're worried about yourself, Sypha. You've always been with your family. You've never travelled alone. Never. isn't it silly? They're heading into who knows what danger, and I'm standing here sad and angry because they're together and I'm alone. Hmm. This is where you're supposed to tell me that I'm not alone, Belmont. You are really not very good at this. I learned to travel alone early in life. Maybe I just got too used to it. - You had a family, though. - Not much of one and not for long. Okay, look. I know a little bit about what you're feeling. I'm sorry, but we have a thing to do now. All I can do is try and make sure it doesn't get you killed so you can see your family again. That's your encouraging talk? Or you get killed and they get eaten in the forest. So none of you have to be sad. How's that? I was right about you the first time, you know. - You are rude. - I've been called worse. [Sypha] Oh, I'm just getting started. Alucard, they called me. The opposite of you. Mother never liked that. Did you know that? She hated the idea that I might define myself by you. Even in opposition to you. She loved us both. Enough that she wanted us to be our own people. Living our own lives. Making our own choices. And so here I am. Choosing to honor my mother by killing my father. No longer Adrian Tepes. Choosing to be Alucard of Wallachia, the name of my mother's people. - I'm sorry, Mother. - [footsteps approaching] [Alucard] And so we begin again. [Hector] Little Cezar. What are you doing? [Cezarwhimpers] [Godbrand] it's not really doing much, Hector. - It's dead. - [sighs] You really don't understand the act of forging, do you? He's not dead. We make life from death here. And you make soldiers for Dracula. Which is one reason why he invests so much in you despite your, uh, humanity. What do you want, Godbrand? I actually came to apologize for my outburst in the War Hall. Excellent apology. Dracula brought us all here to fight his war, Hector. All the vampires under his reign. The war. Not his war. It's just somewhat galling to have him look to the two humans in the room first. I should have held my tongue. So I apologize. - [metal clangs] - Accepted. But the other generals and my subordinates have some questions. Oh? Hector, do you think this war is going well? - We're hardly losing. - No, of course not. But it seems chaotic, undirected. As if we were lashing out at humanity without any real plan beyond wild destruction. [blows] I thinkwild destruction is what he wants. There should be order, right? Even in the removal of a species from a place. Wars have order. Plans and maps and lines. It could be done in less of a- it could be done more carefully. Oh. There is more wanton bloodshed than I would like. I don't love the rest of humanity. I don't wanna share a world with them, but... [sighs] ...the suffering. - [footsteps approaching] - [carriage squeaking] - The last of the dead from Gresit? - Yes. The night hordes took as many of their victims as they could for the forges. This will do. If there are any left, take them to lsaac. Ah. The Devil Forgemaster at work again. Raising the dead. Pity there's no more mistreated dead pets... - [Cezarwhimpers] - ...to add to your collection. If you'll excuse me, Godbrand, I have work to do. [dings] [rumbles] He's moving the castle again. Yes. His wonders to perform. [whirring] [beeping] [ground rumbling] [wind howling] [voice] Frederator! BDRipped by jirro 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 