Princess Agents: Season 1, Episode 25 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Princess Agents 
 s1e25 - Episode #1.25 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Princess Agents (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 25 - Episode #1.25 - full transcript 
 Yan Xun suffers more loss. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The Seventh Episode (the sounds of neighing) (the sounds of kicking the ball) Great! That's great! (the sounds of striking the gong) (the sounds of kicking the ball) (the sounds of the running horses) (the sounds of kicking the ball) (the sounds of kicking the ball) Great! That's great! (the sounds of kicking the ball) Here's an urgent report! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Tell us, what happened? All the Junior General, His Majesty summons you to the Palace immidiately. For what? It's something about Rouran's invasion at the border. Let's go back to the city! Come on. (the sounds of running horses) His Royal Highness Yu. Forego the formalities. Sons of clans in Chang'an City come here specially to plead with His Majesty to allow us rushing to the frontier so as to safeguard the territory of the Wei State, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and express our loyalty to the country. How dare you say that you belong to the clan? There's even no tile of your family can be found in Chang'an City. Prince Yan Xun, why don't you go away? So as not to arouse suspicion that you plan to escape to Yanbei while going out to battle. Yan Xun grows up in Chang'an City, and truly care for the Wei State. He's just like our brother. Brother Xifeng, I think you've been worrying too much. Although I am a hostage-like Prince, Yanbei has pledged its loyalty to the Wei State, just as two brother countries who are closely related and mutually dependent. The Yan Household is loyal and devoted. Today I, Yan Xun, swear here that I would be loyal and faithful and do everything for the country. If I possessed any improper thought, then I should be put to death. All the Junior Generals, we've just got a message from the North Yanbei. Duke Dingbei, Yan Shicheng had engaged in fierce battle at the border for three days, and finally defeated Rouran. He also pledged to aid victims in Rouran of the snowstorm. Rouran's leader admired and submitted, saying that as long as the Yan Household exists, Rouran would never harass the border. Your father Duck Dingbei is really powerful and brave. Young Master Yue, His Majesty summoned you. Him alone? Right. Young Master Yue, this way. Young Master Huai. Yuwen Yue. Imperial concubine Wei appreciates you a lot. By the way, today I want to ask you by myself about the Eyes of God of the eldest branch of Yuwen Household. How's its work? His Majesty, sixteen years ago, the Eyes of God failed in noticing the hidden traitor, so we abandoned it without hesitation. Till now, most of it are in dormant state. Only the part in the capital city and the its environs, is used by the Court. But my mentor Master Ouyang has been keepping training newbies. If Your Majesty needs it, within three months, the Eyes of God could be comprehensively restarted. Great! Recently, I got some tip-offs in the Court, saying the Duck Dingbei opened the granary, relieved the refugees, and tried to win people's support. And those refugees, all went to Yanbei, to reclaim the wasteland and settle down. All the lands and people belong to the emperor. Duke Dingbei governs Yanbei well, and the royal graciousness spreads to all the people. I also heard, I heard that this time Rouran's retreat is because Duke Dingbei and the leader of Rouran had some underhand secreat dealings. Rouran completely follows his leadership. I want to apply your eyes of God to check out whether the tip-off is true or not. I, don't want to just sit and wait for the same tragedy that happened to Dong Zhuo. But I think the Yan Household has no wild ambition. You think so? If by virtue of your thoughts, I could verdict loyalty and treachery, why should I ask for your Eyes of God? Here are the imperial edicts. Yuwen Huai and Yuwen Yue answer the decree. I command Yuwen Yue to hold the Commander's Seal and take over forepart of the Imperial Guards temporarily. Thanks, Your Majesty. Yuwen Huai answers the decree. This is the secret imperial edict that His Majesty gives to you, so there's no need for me to read out. Thanks, Your Majesty. Young Master Yue. Grand imperial concubine Wei wants to have a word with you. Yuwen Yue see Your Imperial Concubine Empress. Stand up. Thanks, Your Imperial Concubine Empress. His Majesty's intention is quite clear. You have to think carefully. If you still take no action, as far as I know, the owner of the Eyes of God is probably going to be changed. Thanks for your advice. Let's go. His Majesty ordered me secretly to investigate Duke Dingbei and find out evidences of rebellion. This ought to be a rare opportunity. But I can't use the Eyes of God. How could we accomplish His Majesty's order? Today His Majesty gave Yuwen Yue the Commander's Seal in my presence. Besides, with the help of the Eyes of God, he has got both the visible and invisible power! For us third branch of Yuwen Household, isn't it a sign that the power has fallen into the hands of others? It seems that although Yuwen Zhuo that old thing has died, there's actually no harm to the eldest branch. His Majesty just want to see the loyalty and ability of us third branch. What's vital now is to get rid of Yuwen Yue this sting in my eye! He suffers from the congenital typhoid. In every early spring, he has to hole up for three days. That time, is our best opportunity to take action. I possess his bane Snow Jade Dog. He is certain to die. That jade carving dog would not come to inform you that your enermy has died. You have to take care by yourself. What do you mean? If the murderer is a living person, then there would be nothing going wrong. That makes sense. But we need a secret killer with great martial arts and no connection with us. In those years, when participated in the Eyes of God, I heard about a mysterious place whose name is Afterlife Camp. It specializes in training cold-blooded killers. The means they applied are totally heartless, brutal and inhuman. Many pending criminal cases in the world are works of assassins in the Afterlife Camp. However, since its doctrin of "to conquer or to die", it was rarely known by people. Well, how could we find it? With highest-price-offer. Grandson understand. Double killing. (the droping sound of the wine glasses) Too light. Too strong. Too hot. Don't you know how to make tea? There are ten cups of tea. The one Young Master prefers will be what Xing'er would make in the future. Time passes quickly like a white pony's shadow across the crevice. There is not so many choices waiting for you. When you are in danger, you only got one second Rights or wrongs. To see is to believe. A beauty from the Western Regions. It's an elder man with full beard. Take upside down, and you can make a conversion of that portrait from a woman to a man. What do you see? This woman seems to be in danger. Are you sure? Someone is trying to help her. But in reality, it seems that there are not so many coincidences. Once there was a Master, he had three disciples. They were Zong, Heng, and Jian. Only the one with best martial arts could gain the Master's true transmission. So three of them held a contest. Zong's martial art was much better that that of Jian, so Jian wanted to kill him. He wielded his sword, and jumped to Zong. The Master got irriated. This is what Jian used at that time. It's Seventy Two Moves of Biri Sword. Afterwards, Jian was expelled by the Master from the mountain. Then there were only Zong and Heng stayed in the mountian. But I don't know why I feel a bit desolate. The feeling you have is nonsense. But what you've just said is right. This perhaps is the so-called intuition. Heng stepped into Zong's room, finding blood all over Zong' body. Was Zong dead? Jian had been expelled. Zong was dead. Then the murder must be Heng. Heng did so in order to obtain the Master's true trasmission. Are you sure? See the book again through this. The movement that Jian applied! There must be silver needles hidden under his sword! He hurt Zong with the concealed weapons. The wound throned by the silver needles was in Zong's belt. The tight red belt warded off the blood. Although Zong felt the hurt, he thought it was a scratch, and paid no heed. When he came back to his room, and took off the uniforms, the blood spurted out immidiately. In fact, when Heng got into the room, Zong had already dead. Do you think this is a coincidence? No, it's not. All of this is Jian's scheme. He wants to get rid of Zong and Heng at the same time. The crux is what people want you to see and what your ability allows you to see. You got to know, the vital moment in your life is between right and wrong, life and death. It's more important to own a sensible mind than blind eyes. (the sounds of groaning) (the sounds of shooting) I know it was Yuwen Yue Master the day on the human-hunt field were you there as well The Green Hills Courtyard Xiaoqi Sister You scared me Follow me Sister what are you doing Do you understand where you are What were you doing there I was I did nothing I am on duty today So I come here to mend and weed the yard Tell me the truth How long have you been enlarging the gap of walls I only do it when no one was inside No longer than fifteen minutes each time By the way sis heard that Yuwen Yue during the Awakening of Insects each year will not leave the room for three days to defeat the iliness Then it will be his weakest time Right Why are you asking about that Nothing I just want to dig a whole to let the cold air in And let him suffer the coldness in these three days Are you aware that Yuewen Yue knows everything You will be punished if he finds out Don't be so reckless anymore Sis you changed Where did I change There was fire burning in your eyes But now all I see is the fog Are you confused by him And don't want to hurt him Of course not. We just should not rush before figuring everything out But didn't you see him killing brother Linxi with your eyes Seeing is believing There's no reason to wait Xiaoqi What you saw may not be the truth Don't worry I'll figure it out asap But before that we can't alert our enemy in any way Don't be so reckless If you get caught none of us could get away Understand Let's leave here Lying Everything is settled Good Go Yes Master Is everything fine in Green Hills Same as this time in every year The guards of Yue have surrounded here tightly You can fight your illness with your full heart You shall leave Yes The Afterlife Camp Who's the target Someone will pass here a hour later Agents Feima Resourceful as we knew The intelligence of the Arrow of Phosphorous can only be uncovered by the master of Eyes of God Aren't you wasting your time Who says what I want is intelligence It's the world-class treasure Enough to trigger the typhoid of Yuewen Yue Remember Use our old way Find a scapegoat Yes What are you doing here Master ordered that anyone uninvited in this yard will be executed at the scene Why are you so aggressive You think I am happy to see your ice face The great-aunt of the second branch asked me to send this to the master knowing him fighting with typhoid She says it will speed up the blood flow From the great-aunt of the second branch Fine I don't want you to disobey your order How about you sending it to the master Has the guards of Yue checked it How can I bring such a treasure in without being checked Ok I'll deal with it A person without inner power holding the snow jade dog will be covered with the freezing air and die suddenly later on Xing'er I wish you hold it for longer time to kill Yuwen Yue first with your hand and then you yourself Xing'er What’s up It was sent by the great-aunt of the third blanch Master is fighting with typhoid No one is allowed to get in Wait here for a while Okay Xiaoba Brother Yue Shisan I am here to send you some wormwood to avoid bugs Thank you Can I have a few words with my sister Please Sis Why are your lips so pale Maybe the snow jade dog is too freezing But it is a treasure in the scorching heat Who gave you this Jinzhu sent it Hurry back your place Outsiders cannot stay here Okay Why am I so cold while feeling fire in my body Alarm About one mile away A black spar signal arrow was witnessed Agents shall be saved no matter when Yue Shisan Yes Guard the master Yes Gather the men Follow me You guys Follow me Yes (Sound of horse) (Intensive music) What are you doing here I am Sneaking in the forbidden area Kept her locked for now Yes. Move Let me go Hurry up Why catch me (Sound of fight and sword) Oops We were tricked Take care of the body Yes Something's wrong Let's check out Stop Tell me who sent you here Xing'er Xing'er Xing'er Xing'er Xing'er Xing'er Xing'er Xing'er Xing'er Xing'er Xing'er (Intensive music) (Yelling) Master Master, are you alright? It was me to blame that the Green Hills was attacked with so few guards Master Master Brother The Afterlife Camp The Afterlife Camp Yue Shisan Search the Green Hills Yes Master Master was bite by the snake seven step down But you were treated in time with inner power in your body It can be cured This is antidote for poison from the snake You will recover soon after having it Thank you All of them are suspects We need to check one by one I know nothing Let me go We have nothing to do with it Must be Xing'er She is master's bed chamber She is the only one to serve the master directly Only she can enter his bedroom Who says only she could Maybe you Sneaked into the room Jing Xiaoba ow dare you frame me without proof right in front of so many people Fine There is another thing that the whole Green Hills knows Linxi was executed by the master in public after he poisoned Yuwen Zhuo But you were let go with mercy He has no idea that all of the Jings are betrayers Nonsense My sister was holding the snow jade dog for you How could she go releasing snakes Yes But aren't you her partners Yueqi they are the one who tried to hurt the master Arrest them That is not true Shut up Jing Xiaoqi is sneaky She is our top suspect Watch her I'll go check the snow jade dog Yes Docter. Please have a look at it Something extremely cold is sealed in the jade Only the one with inner power will not be freezed If a common people touch it his internal organs will be frozen Hurry Take it out Master suffered from typhoid He may get killed near it The Guards of Yue. Take it out now Yes Ambush, snakes, Snow Jade Dog It's a conspiracy How about this I'll make you ten sets of medicine against the typhoid Then you'll recover Please Doc I want to have a look at another person Master Yue after all I am a noble Not of a high class But still should not deserve to work for a slave Master Yue Why are you insulting me like that I should leave Wait Noble I can make this one noble in Chang'an dispear before tomorrow and turn you into a slave You are threatening with your power I am She seems common but has incredible inner power hidden in her body Do you recognize it Extremely powerful that I've never heard of She must have been wounded badly years ago And this power was sealed in her body Cannot be used any more But once it was triggered out She won't be able to control it like this right now Her blood is burning She will die in twelve hours when her heart was burnt by the heat 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 