Wire in the Blood: Season 6, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Wire in the Blood 
 s6e7 - The Dead Land: Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Wire in the Blood (2002–2009): Season 6, Episode 7 - The Dead Land: Part 1 - full transcript 
 Another serial killer is at work. This one kills homeless men by stabbing them through the heart but a bizarre ritual is also at work because the bodies are bathed and wrapped up in paper before they are left around the town's business area. Alex is called away and her place taken by the young Oxbridge graduate Hall,of whom Tony is initially suspicious but he turns out to have a psychology degree and to be a big fan of Tony's work. A more sinister fan,clearly Bryant,is leaving 'presents' on Tony's door-step. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I can't let you in. You have to help me! You know the rules. Go to your GP, speak to them. They'll refer you back to us. I'm sorry, there's nothing I can do. I'm looking for my son. Have you seen him? He's my son. I'm looking for my son. Have you seen him? Take a look at him, please. Have you seen him? I'm looking for my son. Take a look, please. It's James Williams. He's my son. Did you ever express the view the prisoner known as Michael 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 was a danger to those he came into contact with? Yes. I was very clear. If you read Paragraph One of my initial analysis, I state exactly that. If I remember, I also went on, "This offender's highly intelligent and manipulative and at no time should anything he says be taken at face value." You also talk of him never being allowed to control or dominate. What did you mean by that, Dr Hill? Killers such as Michael thrive by their ability to get others to act in the way they demand. In a secure hospital no-one should ever give him an instant answer to a direct question. That way a response can be evaluated. You also retain control. And that didn't happen in this case? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I don't know. But he convinced someone to give him a bible whose pages he then used as a weapon by forcing them down the chaplain's throat. Do you feel in any way responsible? If my advice had been taken, he wouldn't be out there now. You seem very angry. Words can not describe how dangerous Michael is. And while he's still out there, more people will die. How angry do you want me to be? Good of you to lay the blame firmly at my door, Dr Hill. Very sweet of you (!) You were right, Tony. Sorry. Any drinks for you? No, thank you. He shouldn't be long. WOMAN'S VOICE: (I know you listen.) (I can hear you whispering.) Good evening, sir. Can I help you? Yes, I'm er... Uh, we... She's er... I'm late. I got lost. Well, you're here now. I thought you said it was in Marston. White wine? Excuse me. Dry white wine, please. So, how are you? How was your evidence to the inquiry? Me? I'm fine. Inquiry? Er... ..not so fine. How long's this place been here? Just opened. I'm fine too, by the way. How do you know what they are? Ah! So, how have you been? Oh, sorry! Soya beans and salt are really nice. You know, it will come to you if you wait. Want some? No. So how did they react when you laid the blame on the Secure Unit? Well, how could they react? You warned them, I warned them. They let him escape. It's not rocket science. You treat dangerous psychopaths with caution. I'm sure I've ruffled a few feathers. You know, I once had a patient who suffered from periodical, psychosexual... What? It just struck me as funny that we work together for two years building very detailed profiles of people, and I still don't know anything about you. Like what? Like anything. You're wearing lipstick. So!? Idiot! "Wearing lipstick." She looked really nice. She looked really nice. Ah, Fiona! All we know is that he's male, probably under 40. We haven't found anything in his pockets, and Kerwin isn't sure yet how he died. How was he found? Security. He was on the earth floor of the foundation space. Covered by a piece of cardboard. It is murder, yeah? Oh, yes. But my initial thoughts are that he didn't die here. The top part of the face is flattened due to settlement. But he was lying on his other side for some time after death. So he was brought here, then hidden. Any cameras? There's one on the outside covering the entrance and exit and one inside. Get me the tapes? Whoever brought him here must have had a car. Judging by the state of his clothes, it's safe to say our victim's homeless. But I've seen this somewhere before. This is everything? Well, what else do you need? Cheque books, paying in books, bank statements... Oh, I see. Look, I pay tax! Er, yes... on your salary from the university. What you've not been declaring is your self-employed income. Like the work you do for the police... Oh, not that, no! It's the police. Shouldn't I answer it? Um...yes. But... just declare your income. Haven't you got anybody at home who - Alex. Know anything about Schedule D? No, me neither. Three months ago we had in the partially decomposed body of an unidentified male. As yet still no ID? But the cause of death is what's strikingly similar to what we have here. Both men were stabbed with a long-bladed knife, to the left of the sternum and up and under the rib cage. Definitely upwards in motion? Absolutely. The angle of entry is 45 degrees. What's interesting is he wasn't stabbed through his clothes. There's no hole. So what, he was dressed in these after death? Do we know these are his clothes? No, his pockets were completely empty. They are the clothes of a homeless male, but what's odd about this is he's clean. His hair smells of almonds. Almonds? Tell me about the first victim. Was he killed without his clothes on? It's difficult to tell. His clothes were in a terrible condition, but apparently, there's no puncture holes. No items were found on him either. What environment was he found in? A disused lift shaft. The investigating officer put it down to a... drunken turf war over sleeping rights. So why have you brought me in? Probably the easiest thing with homeless murders is sweeping them under the carpet. No-one knows who they are, they don't belong anywhere, they don't have anyone who cares. Except us. Probably about the only thing we agreed on last night. Yeah, I'm sorry about that. Socially, I get confused. Maybe we could try again. We'll see. So what did you make of what Kerwin had to say? Well, if what he says is right, this is no turf war. I mean, if it was a turf war... ..it'd be more chaotic, more random, more violent. It'd be multiple stab wounds. A single stab wound indicates the killer knew what he was doing. He was clean. What if the other one was clean? You know that all the drop-in centres have showers and baths? We know he was killed without clothes, so why? Was he naked, or was he wearing something else? I've transferred the car park CCTV onto DVD. I've got some stills. Poor quality, but at least it's something. Now, I've got three stills of a car being parked near where the body was found, around 11:30 the night before. The entrance and exit camera was down. In one, the car boot is raised. No sign of a driver, but activity round the doors and the boot indicates that he's around. We think it's a Honda, but I can't be sure. Run that forward, let the car go. Why choose there? Of all the places to dispose of a body, why there? A car park. Why not a field, a stream, a ditch? A busy... underground car park. Maybe he likes risk. Or... maybe it's because it was as far down as he could go. Where was the cardboard found? So, knifed, dressed, dumped... ..covered. Was there nothing underneath him? No. Right. First victim. Where was the body? Just here. Covered or hidden? Full view. But the door was locked. Who has keys? Management company. The grille up there was wedged with a pallet. We found fibres of his coat in the metal. Well, whether the fire was lit before he was killed, I've got no idea... We bagged the remains anyway. Was there a fire at the underground car park? Can't remember seeing one. I'll have to check the scene of crime report. Maybe they're spending time with the body. Maybe they like to sit and look. Well, whatever it is... ..it's someone who likes small spaces. Both buried underground. What? Both victims. We're at ground level. Bodies. Thank you. Half a mile apart. Both stabbed, both homeless. So do you think someone's having sex with homeless men, and then killing them? MOBILE RINGS Paula? We're on our way. Possible ID on the car park victim. Good. So, second victim. Not known at any of the drop-in centres. Normally, they'd have recognised him. So he didn't use the showers? However, when we showed the photo amongst those sleeping rough, the same name kept cropping up. Robbie O'Donnell. Spoken to the tech boys. The CCTV footage of the car can't be enhanced. That was as good as it got. Right, show it to the manufacturers. They'll be able to recognise their own shapes and outlines. Oh, and there was evidence that a fire had been started at the underground car park, about ten metres away from the body. Frank,... What? ..tell me about Robbie O'Donnell. Slept on the same patch as me. I'm here, you know? Keep myself to myself. He's further down there. How long had he been there? I don't know. About last summer some time? Got any more of these? I might have. Do you recognise these as his clothes? Looks like 'em, yeah. Did anyone come and see him? Did he go off with anyone? Frank, listen to me. On the night Robbie disappeared, did anyone approach him? On foot or by car? I don't even know what I was doing. I mean, one minute he was there, next he wasn't. Then you lot come asking questions about him. Do people ever come round where you sleep and offer you money to have sex with them? Sometimes. I never have. I mean, I'm no oil painting, but I've got standards. What about Robbie O'Donnell? I wouldn't know. People do what they have to. We're talking to Janet Williams whose son James disappeared three years ago. He just walked out of the house one morning... ..and never came back. Had he ever threatened to do this before? No. It was completely out of the blue. My husband and I couldn't understand it. And... how did the police respond to his disappearance? They took down his details, but... in the end they said there was nothing they could do. He was over 18. They said he wasn't vulnerable. But I won't give up. I know he's out there somewhere. Well, we're taking your calls right after this. Oh, and James, if you are listening, do give us a call, let your mum know you're all right. # JOSS STONE: You Had Me # Tony? Kerwin's initial tests. No evidence of sexual activity on O'Donnell. No sperm in his urethra and no evidence of penetration. Still doesn't mean the motive wasn't sexual. DI Fielding's asked me to put together a list of known homosexual offenders with a predilection for violence. There's no burn marks on the victim? No. There's no struggle, no bruising, just clean? Yes. So is he passive? Or is he cleaned after death? Kerwin wants to see us. A significant amount of food was found in the stomach of Robbie O'Donnell. The timings would suggest he had a meal about an hour before he died, Which tallies exactly with the first victim. Do we know what type of food it was? First victim, too much time has elapsed. But with him, I'm sending some tests in now. Do you know if he was cleaned before or after death? Before. He bled profusely down his abdomen. When he was stabbed, the knife went straight through his pericardium into his heart. Perversely, if the knife had stayed there, he might have lived. But when it was taken back out again, the heart had shrink-wrapped around the pericardium - a bit like being wrapped in clingfilm. What happens is the heart keeps beating, but the blood gets trapped. Eventually, the heart drowns in its own blood. I just want to thank you for your little present. I don't know what you're talking about, Dr Hill. Oh, come on, Fiona. "Very sweet of you" - those were your exact words. If only your evidence to the inquiry had been this incoherent. Oh, so you haven't sent me anything? What do you take me for, Tony? I'm in enough trouble already. Sure, I know. I'd like you to know if this goes the way it undoubtedly is, I'll be resigning from my post. Someone's head has to roll for Michael being on the loose. So you didn't send me this? No. Whatever it is. Been good working with you. And you. Paula's list of homosexual offenders. Ah, thank you. What's this? It's nothing. Where did you get it? Someone left it on my doorstep. I was going to say, "how strange," but then most things about you are strange, Tony. So... why don't we try again tonight? Dinner and conversation? Tonight? I'd love to. Where? OK, maybe not. Could try that Japanese restaurant again? Great. What time? Eight o'clock? See, you can do it. DI Fielding. Go on. Course, I'll be there straightaway. Another body? My mum just passed away. Why is my life surrounded by death? Do you ever wonder, Tony... what it's all about? Listen... I've organised a new SIO. You won't even know I'm gone. Look, if you need to talk... you know my number. Any news on who'll be the new SIO? Detective Inspector Andy Hall. What's he like? Fast-track graduate. Quick and smart, just how you like them. WOMAN'S VOICE: (Where are you?) (I'll find you.) Yeah, Fiona - Tony. I know you're giving evidence right now, but could you give me a call? I've been sent another one of those presents. Thank you. Tony? Come and meet - What have you got? Well, after the honeycomb came the bee. Where is it, where's the bee? Oh, it escaped. Escaped? Yes, sought refuge in my curtains. Did you go through the known homosexual offenders list? Yes, I want to talk to you - Dr Hill? Detective Inspector Andy Hall. I'm the new SIO on the case. Good to meet you. So, Tony... Can I call you Tony? Cool. As you know, I've been parachuted in here. It's not quite dead man's shoes, but... ..it's as near as, damnit. I need to be brought up to speed as quickly as possible. I've heard the operational side, now I want to hear yours. One thing you should know about me, and... I'd rather you hear it from me now than two weeks down the line from somebody else. In itself, it means nothing. I'm mentioning it because it might help communication between us. But I read Psychology... at Oxford. Just wanted to... get that out of the way. OK, so why don't you tell me where you think we are? Perhaps I shouldn't have mentioned it. No, no, mentioning it is fine. Psychology - good degree. I've got one myself. It's good to know you have a qualification. But what puzzles me is why Oxford is in any way relevant other than to add a status which you obviously feel marks you out as special. I don't care where you went or where you're from, Detective Inspector. All I care about is what you know. Forensics have been on, found something on the clothing. Yeah, that's salt. On both the victims. They probably got it sleeping in the streets. They use salt to grit the roads. It's not that kind of salt. This is domestic cooking salt. Do we know how much and what part of the clothing it was on? Not a lot, but it was quite diffused, spread across the clothing. Front or back? Both. But on Robbie O'Donnell's clothing it was more pronounced on the right hand shoulder. Was the salt found at the dump site? Not in anything we've been given. So it's most likely to be found at the scene of death? Maybe they were taken to a kitchen? Do we know if the clothes were washed? No, both sets hadn't seen a washing machine for ages. We also found residues of paper on the skin of Robbie O'Donnell. Paper? Probably stuffs his clothes with newspaper to keep warm. This wasn't newspaper. What, it was all over him? Even around the genitals. Is it possible they'd been sleeping in cardboard boxes that previously contained salt? Yes, it is. Don't think it's likely, do you? No, I don't. There's too many other parts to the jigsaw. Either it's being done deliberately or it's just part of the kill-and-grab environment. No, there's a process here. By their sheer nature all the victims are vulnerable men, and I believe the killer is giving them something they need. Most significantly, the killer isn't welching on the deal. No, he's delivering on his promise. And how do we know the killer's male? The victim's get food and a bath, so they go with the killer, get what's promised then end up dead with a single stab wound. With a frenzied killer, he wouldn't be able to hold back. They would go with him, turn a corner, end up dead. That isn't happening. Organised killer, emotional detachment... It's extremely calm. So salient questions here are - Why are they all male? Yeah, and is the offer of food and a bath part of the lure? Or is it something else? Is it homoerotic? Exactly. Is the offer of food on the condition that the killer is allowed to watch them bathe? So what we need to look at is - The measure of escalation. Yes. Pleasure and release being the driving forces behind human sexuality. Each time you indulge in it, you'll want to take it further. That doesn't appear to be happening here. In both cases, the killing is the same, the disposal is the same - right down to the salt. But if there is an acceleration, it's in an area we know nothing about. Well, I thought we only cared about what we knew? Maybe the escalation is in what he asked them to do between taking them and killing them? Maybe it's not present at all. And if it isn't...? Then the motivation's completely different and... Or - Or you think it could be a woman? And knives aren't the preserve of male killers. Homelessness makes the victims more vulnerable, easier to dominate. Sorry if I forgot to mention this... but I also got a Masters degree. And you get a mention in my bibliography. You're one of my heroes, Dr Hill. Right, Paula, check out all the homeless charities, the charity workers, the soup kitchens. Someone might be pretending to be them. Dr Hill and I are going to construct a previous offence profile. Haven't found him yet. I'll keep looking. I'm sure I will. Sure I will. OK, but park the uncertainties to one side, right. What I want is a clear line of thinking for each possibility. If the motive is sexual, what previous convictions would fit? There are so many sexual proclivities. In this case there's only one weapon. I mean, come on, Dr Hill - What book of mine did you read for your thesis? You'll probably bite my head off, but... what the hell! Why don't you look at it? Let me know what you think. 'Clinical Psychology as the Centre of the Investigation.' What did you...? Distinction. If it's a homosexual killing, we're looking for someone who's used knives in a sexual context. (SIGHS) Although, if they see the knife as a phallic object, I'd expect to see more than a single knife wound. If someone worships the knife, they'd use it over and over. But if they get their kicks passively, by watching then the frenzied attack as a substitute for penetration, that's less likely? So we could be looking for someone who's actively seeking partners to do things to them. A submissive? But only in the sexual act. So they would dominate and orchestrate. Our homeless victims would allow them to do things sexually, but still always remaining the submissive partner, so false imprisonment is likely. With that having gone wrong, they're likely to have changed their behaviour - Luring, capturing, but not letting go. See, what doesn't make sense to me - the fires. Maybe staging? Creating a theatre for us to find the bodies in. Then why go to all that trouble to move the bodies out the way? You'd display them, wouldn't you? Yeah. I would. Irish police have come up trumps on Robbie O'Donnell. 28 years old, from County Mayo, middle class and educated, but with convictions for violence. He beat up his girlfriend. This is her? Yes. Siobhan Murty. Taken five years ago. Why didn't he fight back? Violent man, comes naturally to him. Well, either he's a willing victim, or... they took him by surprise. Remnants of the first victim's fire have come back. All seem to be small personal effects, just like Robbie O'Donnell, but nothing that hints at an identity. Any idea yet on how they were lit? Yeah, definitely an accelerant. You're right. These fires don't make sense. You're dumping a body in a public place. You've taken everything out their pockets, imperative is to get out of there fast, but they don't. They set light to the contents. Now, if you do that, you spend more time with the body. Where was the fire? Body there, fire... there. Then how does that correspond with Robbie O'Donnell? It's a different configuration. There is no set pattern in relation to how the body was left? What is going on? No idea. I'd like... I'd like to make a statement. There was a systematic failure in my department. Unfashionable though it is, I feel responsible for the death of an employee and for the escape of the killer known as Michael. Someone's head has to roll - I believe it has to be mine. Right. Morning, can I help you there? Can I take some of these brochures about what you do? Just help yourself. Oh, thank you. Oh, is it OK if I take some... Yeah, no problem. Feel free. Norimuri Bank, can I help you? Oh, may I...? Norimuri Bank, can I help you? Norimuri Bank, can I help you? East. East again. Obsessive compulsive...? No, no! If it was obsessive compulsive, it'd be neater than that. Be uniformity of body disposal, that's not there. So what is there? What's on your mind, hm? Big Issue? Big Issue, mate? Christian Frasier, 27 years old. Three convictions for sexual assaults on men he picked up in bars. Victim one was tied up and branded with the flat blade of a knife heated over a flame. No. Peter Baldock, 45. Released from prison three months ago. Convicted of male rape after threatening the victim with a knife. Put that on the maybes. This one's promising. John Kiernan. 33, no fixed occupation. Worked as everything from a stage hand to a lorry driver. Five convictions. Always carried knives and two of his victims were homeless men. You're paper, dirty, clean. Dirty, clean. Dirty, clean, dirty clean, dirty, clean... And not obsessive. Last known address of John Kiernan. Ritual! They're not sexually motivated, they're ritual killings. How certain are you, Tony? Cos we're about to move on a suspect here and my arse is on the line. I'm absolutely certain. This is nothing to do with sex and everything to do with ritual. Has any of your suspects followed precise repeated patterns of behaviour in any of their previous convictions? No. Then it's not them. I'll call you in the morning. So what are we doing? 'Killers such as Michael thrive in their ability to get others to act in a way they demand.' 'This offender is highly intelligent and manipulative and at no time should anything he says be taken at face value.' 'Good of you to lay the blame firmly at my door, Dr Hill. Very sweet of you (!)' Paula, it's Tony. I think something terrible has happened. Fiona...? Fiona, it's Tony. 'Someone's head has to roll for Michael being on the loose.' # AMY WINEHOUSE: Back To Black # How did you know Michael was back? I couldn't work out who'd been leaving me all those things. Then I realised. What would give Michael most pleasure? Attending an enquiry about how he escaped. Oh, he was there. He bumped into me as I was talking to Fiona. What had she done? We need to give you some protection. We can't risk what happened to her happening to you. What, to me? No. Yeah, he will. You know he will. He wants to prove himself to you. Are you licensed for that? Yeah. Curtains remain closed at night. I need you to keep away from the doors and the window. OK. I've never lived with anyone before. Don't worry, I'm not your bitch. "DS Geoffries. Over." Yup? "Now in position. How's it there?" Yeah, we're settling down. Over. What have we got out there? Two cars. One at each end of the road. So it's not Michael who's playing some sort of game, killing these homeless men? No. Completely separate. Are you worried? He was left below ground level, like the other victims. Single knife wound. Fire? The remains of one, to the east. Jack Armfield. Big Issue seller. What kind of ritual are we looking at, Tony? Not everything is precise. Look at this. It doesn't matter to the killer about the position of the body. In all three the head position is different. It's like the body is irrelevant. The killer's not interested in it. But what seems to be important is the position of the fire. It's in the east. And that the body is left below ground. Results so far. Forensics have confirmed traces of salt on Jack Armfield's clothing and Kerwin says he'd also recently been fed. Do we know what kind of food it is? Yes. None had been digested. All vegetable matter. Some rice and no meat. Same as Robbie O'Donnell. What about the paper on the body? Yes, also confirmed. And there's one other thing. They've found make-up in his hair. Make-up? What kind? White, oil-based. Like they use on stage. A woman downstairs says her son is missing. He may have slept rough. Today she received some of his hair in the post. Why would someone send me this? Does it mean my son is dead? No, no, not necessarily. I told you he was alive. I told you and nobody listened to me. The officers you spoke to did listen, Mrs Williams, and did the usual checks. Over 30 people a day go missing in Bradfield. We look for all of them. Every year we fail to find about 1%. I'm sorry your son was amongst those. Well, it wasn't enough. He was alive all the time I've been looking for him. And now he's dead. Why are you so certain? I read the newspapers. You still haven't identified one of the victims. No, we haven't, but as part of that process, we've eliminated James from the ID. You might not think we're looking for your son. We are. So why have I been sent this? What else can it mean? Did James ever self-harm? Did he ever talk of suicide? Who are you? The psychologist. I'm just trying to understand why your son would leave home one day and never make contact with you again. Forgive the assumption, but I take it James was never in care? How dare you. My husband was a vicar. James doesn't even know his father's dead. What I mean is your son was not a vulnerable missing person. He's been living on the streets. I know it. Just bear with me and you'll see I'm on your side. He doesn't come under the categories of normal missing persons. He should have been listed as suspicious. Why would someone from a completely normal background suddenly disappear one day? That is what you've asked yourself for the last three years, isn't it? I would be lying if I said this didn't matter. You are right to be concerned about this. And if somebody has done something to James, they'll contact you again. We've got his DNA, dental records? Yes, we do. I really hope we're wrong about this, Mrs Williams. I really do. Sometimes people need the brutal truth. She was one of them. The hair means he's dead, doesn't it? Absolutely. Maybe he's a victim we haven't found yet. He's been gone three years. Mm. But the lock of hair was only sent today. Homeless victims. If they had homes, we'd have connections. But we don't. And they don't have houses. Only streets and fresh air. Think, Tony. Think, think, think, think... Was all this rubbish collected up? Yes. How do we know it's rubbish? You ever played this as a kid? Turning over the cards and remembering if you've seen the same thing before? Well, let's play for real. Pull out what you've got, then see if the other two can match it. Cigarettes. Cigarettes. Plastic drinks container. Yup. A little cocktail stick. Cocktail stick. A cocktail stick. Mirror. A thing of ice. So what does this mean? So the killer brought those things and left them at the dump site, along with the body and the fire. I thought you said the killing was all about ritual. Yes, and those are some of the elements. What kind of ritual involves a mirror, cocktail stick and a bit of wet plastic? To be a ritual, it only has to mean something to the killer. Whatever the ritual is, it justifies him taking a human life. We are getting somewhere. Ritual killers suffer from delusional paranoia. Not been here before? Hm? No. It's where I bring all my hot dates. Mm. Try these. What is it? Edamame. Soya beans in salt. Weird. Not at all. They're very nice. Salt. Why didn't I see it? See what? When we came in. Tony. Tony, wait. What are you doing? Salt. No, no, no. Not eat - throw. Throw. Japanese ritual. To purify. Keep away evil spirits. It's Japanese. Hi. How you been? What kind of sex you want today? No, me. Hello? Is that Tony? No, it's Kevin. Hi, Kevin, it's Alex. How are you? How are things? Not bad. So you're at Tony's. How come? Yeah, I am. It's a long story. Look, I'll pass you over. Alex. Hi. Do you want to tell me what's going on? No, it can wait. Why's Kevin there? How's your dad? Tony. Yeah? Are you OK? Yeah. SIREN Are you all right? Yeah. Yeah? What? Please sit. We've read the reports on Michael's original crimes - vulnerable victims, torture, etc. But this is a new phase. Mm, absolutely. Yep. Authority figure, possible revenge or grandiose boasting. We think we stand our best chance of catching him while he's pursuing his next kill. Me. How do you think you might be targeted, Dr Hill? You want me to advise you on how he might kill me? You know his personality type. You know how he perceives you. How might he mount his attack? It's an unusual request, but we need to make sure our protection of you matches his approach. And you know him better than anybody. Mm. Michael, he's bright, he's clever. Mounts his campaigns like warfare. Once he's chosen his victim, nothing gets in his way. His approach is then layered. The explosion was one of the layers. It was never meant to kill. He'll reserve that pleasure for himself. My guess is he'll mount a faint attack on one flank, when the real menace will come from elsewhere. And the problem you have and I have, is knowing when something is faint and when something is real. Is it his? The hair. I don't know, Mrs Williams. The results aren't back yet. I'll wait. There's no need. You go home. We'll call you. I've waited for three years. Another few hours won't make any difference. What we have is a killer following a ritual based on the Shinto religion. So it's a religious killing? No. Not at all. Following a Shinto ritual merely helps him to kill. The scripts are religious, but the crimes aren't. And purity is at the heart of Shinto. It's not a religion like Christianity or Islam. It doesn't follow set texts. There are no moral absolutes. There's no good or evil. Following the ritual is the entire religious experience. If you follow a ritual religiously, well, you become capable of anything. When do these rituals happen? In Shinto purification must take place at the start of the ceremony. What our killer wants is to get rid of homeless men. Our killer sees these people as bad. They've disrupted the harmony of the killer's world by bringing and sin upon themselves. So they must be purified and then taken to the land of the dead. And the stuff we found at the dump sites? That's just more ritual. The land of the dead is a subterranean cave. Jigoku - Japanese equivalent of hell. There's eight regions of fire. Here, always in the east. Land of the Rising Sun. Water is used to wash up anything that might pollute you. Salt is sprinkled into the ground to purify it. And the little cocktail stick? A miniature haraigushi. Yes, it's a purification wand waved over the person to be purified. And the knife used...is a tanto. It's a small-bladed sword, traditionally carried by Samurai. So, what kind of person are we looking for? My guess is he's a similar age to his victims, early 20s, early 30s. A loner. Self-esteem problems. Above average intelligence, articulate. Can hold down jobs. And if they're in a job, those that work with them, will see them as quiet, because they can mask the rage inside them. Because rituals ward off evil. They avert chaos. They reorganise a universe. And with all rituals... fear is the key. And the person who sits in judgment on the souls of male sinners does so by reflecting their sins back at them... in a large mirror. Oh, hang on. Who is it? So fear is the key? Yeah. But is it real fear or deluded fantasy? Fear of what? Homelessness? Material loss? Is that why the victims are homeless? Absolutely. And there's also fear of annihilation? Invisibility? Fear of humiliation? Maybe there's clues in the choice of Shinto. Something started this. Some incident of perceived injustice. Something was the catalyst. Sir, Dr Hill, we've got another body. No. This one's different. Her name was Angela Clark. She had a history of paranoid schizophrenia and was known to threaten and self-harm with knives. She tried to hospitalise herself a week before the killing started. Multiple stab wounds. Looks like it's the same weapon. Multiple? I thought the ritual involved one single strike. This is his revenge, unless she's the killer. This is someone's idea of justice. She's too cowardly to be our killer. Our killer wants order. But if she's not our killer, then who killed her and why? Cos she's not homeless. She's not been buried below ground level. There's no ritual in her disposal. Why the frenzied attack? Wait. Tony. Mm? What are we looking for? I don't know. We've found the car. You need to see this. I think you're wrong. I think it was her. You said the killer would write everything down. She's not the killer. She was a witness. The Honda in the car park, it's registered to a Mr Taro Akita. He lives over in Peninsula Quay. Japanese? Yeah. And he doesn't live here? No, Peninsula Quay. He owns the penthouse there. So why's his car here? Dunno. Certainly doesn't own one of these flats. Find out if he rents one. What does he do? He's one of the heads of the Norimuri Bank. Norimuri? I know that name. Norimuri Bank are in the building where the first victim was found. What is it you say? The first victim tells you everything about the killer. Get me everything you can on Mr Akita. Press cuttings, personal info - where he shops and where he eats. How did she witness this? It's like she's looking through a window. Bradfield Police. We're here to see Mr Akita. Don't bother. This way? Thank you. Mr Akita. Detective Inspector Andy Hall, Bradfield Police. I assume the matter is urgent. Most people knock. Yeah. We're investigating a series of murders. One of the victims - you may remember this actually - was found in the basement of this building. And how can I help you? This vehicle, is it registered to you? It appears to be, but I have no knowledge of it. I'm going to ask you to accompany us to Bradfield Central Police Station. On what basis? On suspicion of murder. Have you ever met these men? No. A car like yours was used in the disposal of Robbie O'Donnell, this man. I have told you, I don't own that car. It's over ten years old. All of my cars are new. Do you own, do you rent, or do you have access to a flat in Grange Square? No. I have only one apartment in Bradfield. So, what are we looking for this time? Something like this. Can you explain why a car registered to you was found in the car park of Grange Square? No, I can't. And why the words "I kill people" were carved into that car? No. Have you ever met Angela Clark? Tony. Is he married? No. Divorced back in Japan. I don't mean to be impolite, but this really has nothing to do with me. Has it occurred to you that all of these things might be being done in my name? We have reason to believe you're a regular user of prostitutes. Another car registered to you is constantly being picked up by our plate recognition cameras in the red light district. Or is that not you either? Dr Hill! This man you've arrested... He's helping us with our enquiries at the moment, Mrs Williams. I saw the news. He's Japanese, isn't he? We can't confirm anything right now. Tony? But you have to know, before he walked out, James went for an interview with a Japanese bank. He had a row with his father about it. Which bank was it? Norimuri. Come this way, Mrs Williams. Just wait in here and take a seat and I'll be back as soon as I can. Coffee? Lots of it. He went for a job at Norimuri. What? Exactly. The DNA report on the hair sent to Janet Williams has arrived. Right. I want you to look carefully at this photo, Mr Akita. You've met this man, haven't you? I've got the list of residents at Grange Square. He's on it. Which flat? 68. Can Angela's be seen from there? Two floors above, opposite block. And he never told you if he got the job? No. I presumed it had gone the same way as all the others. Which way was that? Thanks, but no thanks. But when he went missing, you did ring the bank to check if he was there? Of course. And he wasn't? No. Why did they have an argument about it, James and his father? Because James's father lost his father in a Japanese prisoner of war camp. It was the one thing he could never forgive. And James knew this? Yes. How stormy was their relationship, James and his father? Not at all. Maybe I didn't word it well. How violent was it? Hardly. John would get angry - Because he wanted the perfect relationship with his son that he didn't have with his dad. That's not true. What age did it start, Janet? Two, three? James was a difficult baby. And you let it happen. All right, so... ..so James had a difficult relationship with his father. It wasn't my fault. Just help me find out what's happened to him. He isn't dead, Janet. Oh, thank God. How do you know? The hair sent to you wasn't his. Oh, thank the Lord. He's alive? Yeah, the hair belonged to Robbie O'Donnell. He was another victim. I don't understand. It wasn't James's hair in the envelope. But the envelope came from James. You... You hungry? Mm? Three years ago your son got the job at Norimuri job. But he didn't get it as James Williams. Taro Akita identified him as William James. He reinvented himself... to help keep away from you. He faked his CV, inventing a degree that he never had. Dropped out of university after a year, didn't he? Then eight months ago, Akita fired him when it all came to light. Why would he send me the hair of a dead man? Taunting. He's boasting. Rubbing your nose in what he's become. What he feels you and your husband have made him. Your son is our killer, Janet. Take your shoes off, yeah? Oh, right. Sorry. That's all right. I need to know just how bad James's relationship was with his father. He's following a Japanese ritual and I need to know how far he's going to take it. Dozo. Dozo. How many more people do you want your son to kill, Janet? How many more homeless young men? Who have mothers, like you. And do you want James to kill himself? Why do you think we haven't rushed in and arrested him? We want to catch him alive and stay alive while we're doing it. The truth will help. I need you to be honest. No more lies. How bad was the relationship? Bad. Meaning? John wanted James to love him. But how could it happen, if all you ever do is associate being loved with being hit? "Police have released the Japanese banker without charge and ruled him out of the investigation. Police will not confirm that there's been a major breakthrough in the investigation." Thank you. It is my pleasure. Akita described him as being into all things Japanese. Might he try an kill himself? A Japanese-style suicide? Uh... Yeah. And take another victim as part of the ritual. The ritual indicates he sees himself as some kind of warrior. I think he's going to take the warrior's way out. You heard of seppuku? No. Isn't that hari kiri? Yeah. It's what defeated Samurai did on the battlefield. Instead of losing face they took the honourable way out. They cut open their stomachs in the face of the enemy. What awaits us? If he knows we talked to his old boss, he'll know we're onto him. Are you sure this will work? No. But I think it's the only way that gives him an option of living. Just open the door and I'll go. Look, I won't say anything. No, no. No, no, no, no. We wait, we wait. Please, please. I beg you. Ssh, ssh, ssh. God of the purification order. You that were created when the awesome great God Izanagi purified and swept himself at Tachibana Odo in Awagihara and cleansed filth! Please, I beg you. Ssh, it's OK, it's OK. I'm with you, I'm with you. You first, then me. GRUNTS AND SHOUTS It's not too late to take the hinges off. You don't have to do this. Yes, I do. Be quiet. Be quiet. You'll kill me anyway. Shut up! Help me! Help me! No, we need to do this now. Are you ready? James. It's me. What do you want? It's me. He's got a knife, he's gonna kill me! Aagh! What do you want from me? Go away. Go...away. I'm sorry. I really am. It was all my fault. If I'd been stronger, I could have stopped him. I let you down. I let him hit you. Go away! I should have protected you. I am sorry! That's what mothers should do for their sons, and I didn't. And I'm sorry. So, so sorry. Go, go, go! Thank you. Are you OK? I'm just sad. My poor dad, he looks so lost. Life, eh? When are you back at work? I've just got some family stuff to sort out. Soon. Thank you for coming. I really appreciate it. Where else would I be? Sorry I didn't make dinner. Another time maybe? Definitely. Sorry? How much? I thought your job was to decrease my tax bill, not increase it. Yes, I know I should have declared it. No, I'm not happy. Bye. It's all right for you. What? I had petrol. Oh, yeah, yeah. No, I promise. I filled up yesterday. "..eastbound around Junction 22 to 25." "If it's your birthday today you share it with Joan Collins and Myra Hindley..." Tony! Tony! Michael's got him. Tony's gone. Michael. Long time no see, Dr Hill. I've invested a lot of time and trouble in you, Dr Hill. What do you want, Michael? You, Dr Hill. My star prize, my cherry on the cake. How will my death gratify you? I try to live in the moment, Dr Hill. Enjoy the now. I so wanted you to cure me, but in the end you were a failure, like the rest of them. Surely you know by now, I only kill failures. Yes, here we are talking again. You can kill me, Michael, but you can't kill my understanding. And you can't kill your need to be understood. It's too late. It's too late. Are you familiar with Descartes' philosophy? Mm. Res cogitans and res extensa. Indeed. He believed the mind and body are separate. I believe that, too. No, Michael. He argued that there should be a fusion of the two to make a human being. The mind drives the body. He also stated they can exist independently of each other. I think we should put that theory to the test. Aaaagh! transcript:chocolate sync:innuit OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 