Inside Edge: Season 2, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Inside Edge 
 s2e8 - Crossing The Line - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Inside Edge (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 8 - Crossing The Line - full transcript 
 It's a must-win situation for Arvind's floundering bits-and-pieces team. Zarina takes matters into her own hands on learning her darkest nightmares are true. And Bhaisaab unleashes his most ruthless avatar yet. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 What was that? Cheers. Well done, Smithy. Hey, was that a butterfly ball? Here. Bowl another one of those. Yeah, tough to control those? -I know. -"Those"? What do you mean "those"? Oh, nothing, mate. Just our little South African secret. You mean he got lucky. Right? Well... Hey, Felix! Can you bowl one of those to me? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Hello, Mr. Captain! Why aren't you coming to see the practice sessions these days? Well, I have my shoot, too, you see. Right. And what else are you up to? Stop beating around the bush. I put my career on the line for you last season. And you are still trying to take my captaincy from me. This captaincy is not your property. Don't for a minute think that you're entitled to it. I'd prefer a captain who's best for the whole team. Oh. So, suddenly, I'm not the best for the team? That's right. You are stubborn, you're childish, you always do as you please. And it's because of you that Rohini is not with our team today. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It was Rohini's decision to resign, for... For personal reasons, yeah. You and I both know that her only personal reason is you. Things have really changed, yeah? No, Vayu. With you, things are just the same. You've been a problem for me since day one, and always will be. Wow. Just wow. Fuck. Shaleen, Parth, Jack and Kamran. Now, here is what we need to do for our next match. Parth, I want you to go and attack the spinners and try and get at least ten to twelve runs an over. Cut them, pull them, hit them over the top. But never stop attacking. All right, Jack, what do you do in baseball? I wait for the ball. Okay, so in cricket... Can I have the bat? You take guard, take your stance, watch the ball, and then you go for the ball. Better! Kamran, your specialty is your reach. And I know you like to switch hit. But it's all about picking the correct ball. So, let's work on that. He won't do it. This is the missing piece in the XI. Haryana can't win without him. I wish we had an alternative, but we don't. So I need you to back me on this, Tisha, please. Arvind will never agree to this. What won't I agree to? -The Centurion pitch. It's going to be... -Yeah, it's dry. I know. Well... Rohini believes that... I mean, I also believe that we need a wicket taking spinner. Not just for this game, for the later games as well. Thank you, Tisha. Sir, we are one step away from elimination. We must take the call tactically, not emotionally. Listen, Devender also regrets his actions. He accepts his mistake. Mistake? Arvind, it's not always the greed that drives people to err, sometimes they just don't have any other option. Your mind is telling you that he'll be useful for us, but your heart is not ready to accept it. So... we should try him at least once, shouldn't we? Try him at least once. Hello. INSIDE EDGE Because of their amateur team selection, Haryana Hurricanes are at the fifth place on the points table. And the way Kolkata's team is playing, only the Heavens can save the Hurricanes. Losing this match would mean that Hurricanes will have to pack their bags and head home. Devender! Finally, for the first time in this season of PPL, Devender Mishra is making his entry. He's been brought in to replace Mandeep in the team. Devender is the ex-Mavericks' star spinner, but thanks to a rotator cuff injury, he had to stay away from cricket for an entire year. No one took an interest in him during the auctions either. What? Devender's playing for the fucking Hurricanes? Rohini is out of her mind! Let's go. Let's see if Devender Mishra's spin has gotten rusty in this past year, or is he still as dangerous? Loopy full toss at leg stump. This kind of bowling can only be called a favor. Six runs. If he continues to bowl like this, Devender's comeback will turn into a "go back." Baby, can you help me with this? Devender has mentored many bowlers like Prashant Kanaujia. But it's not easy to make a comeback after a year. And he swung it again, four runs! Devender has given off ten runs in two balls. He's proving quite an expensive bet. He must get back in his groove soon. Oh, yes, if Devender doesn't get back in his groove, Hurricanes will be on the next flight to go back home. Devender's third ball... Clean bowled! This is the Devender Mishra we all know! Arvind Vashishth, now breathing easy. Finally, one of his risks paid off. We'll win, sir, we'll win. Devender Mishra is known for this flight and drift! A much-needed wicket for Hurricanes. He was on our team, right? He seems to be a good bowler. Why'd we drop him? Well... He was a bad influence. Kamran, the Afghan has done well with the ball today, but Kolkata still on course for 200, thanks to their terrific start. Now then, Devender back in the attack with a single-point agenda, keep it tight. The way Kolkata is batting, 200 is a cakewalk from here on. Devender needs to use every trick in his book if he's going to restrict the flow of runs here. Catch it! Gopal has taken down on the full but there's a fielder there, and he's gone! Exactly what the doctor ordered. Not the best ball by Devender but they won't care how these wickets come right now. Come on, come on, come on. One more wicket. Come on. Shekhar on strike now. And there's an appeal, and he is gone as well! Yes! Yes! Two in two for Devender. What a ball! Completely outfoxed the batsman. He's turned the tables and now Kosmos will be well short of two hundred. Devender reminding us of what he's capable of. Last ball of the 20th over coming up. Played on the on side and they'll take the single. They could've had at least 20 more but Kosmos will have to settle for 173 for the loss of eight in twenty overs. Hey. Hurricanes are going to bat now. You wanna watch? Nah. No need. They're not gonna make it to the finals. Why not? With that playing eleven? No chance. It's all good. All focus on the Mavericks now. Arvind and Shaleen's partnership has given Haryana the platform they need to build on, but they still have a long way to go. Shaleen plays towards deep cover and goes for a single. This has been the best partnership for the Hurricanes in this tournament. Remember, it's a do or die game for them. Our statistician, Mohan, tells us that Arvind has played more T20 games than the entire team put together. NIKHIL CHOPRA CARL JOHNSON Well, what do you expect when your team comprises sixteen-year-olds, baseball players and an ambidextrous compulsive switch hitter? Truly. Startling selections. When these boys made the cut for the auctions to make the numbers for Haryana, nobody at that stage had thought that these guys would be playing the most crucial game in the league! Haque running in. Short! And Arvind cuts it over backward point. They get another boundary. Arvind continuing with this new, aggressive natural game as he has all throughout the tournament. Credit to Shaleen, too. He has been accumulating runs quietly at about a run a ball, anchoring one end. And he's hit that high. It's an ambitious shot. And he's gone. Kolkata with a breakthrough. I'm sure Kolkata is thanking you, Nikhil, for putting the commentator's curse on Shaleen. Well, the partnership's over and the new man, Parth, comes in. He looked promising in that last match. Hopefully, he can continue where Shaleen left off. Arvind asked you to attack? Jaf is bowling now. Arvind tries to clear the boundary! But it goes straight in the fielder's hands! We are so fucked now! Sir, sir, if you are going to the restroom, it's this side... I'm going to the airport, man! I don't want to increase the hotel bill unnecessarily! -Sir, listen to me, sir... -Just have my bags sent to me, man! Hurricanes have taken a massive hit! They may still have eight wickets in hand, but, I think, this inexperienced batting lineup will have a hard time reaching their target. By the way, Atul, Hurricanes' team reminds me of an earthworm. When you look at an earthworm, you can't tell where the head ends and where the tail begins. Two wickets are down and tail is fully exposed. Parth Kumar and Jack must build a partnership. And a terrific square cut. Ball crosses the boundary line! Parth Kumar displaying his class! Fabulous shot! And he smashes it! Ball tears through the field like a knife through butter, and crosses the boundary line! And now Jack has swung it like a baseball player, six runs! Hello. Sir, sir, please come back, sir. It's raining sixes here, sir. No, man, I'm going back home. No, sir, we still stand a chance, sir. No, I'm going to the airport. I have booked my tickets. Bye. But, sir, we might win, sir. Hello? Arvind and Shaleen had built a great partnership, and Jack and Parth are displaying the same acumen. No one had expected it, but they are proving everyone wrong. Fuck! And the ball shot out of the cover like a bullet, for four runs! Hey! Take a U-turn, son! Take a U-turn! Back to pavilion. Another ball, another six! Are we in Johannesburg or the Yankee Stadium? Yeah! Clean... That's one hit too many, Jack. Back to the dugout. Disappointment for Haryana fans. Kolkata favorites again. And now, swashbuckling, switch-hit Kami walks in. Jaf brings himself back on. And here it comes. The ball switches and connects! Into the stands! And now Parth joins in! Playing with abandon. The Hurricanes realizing that they have nothing to lose from here. HH 164-3 KK HURRICANES NEED 10 FROM 4 BALLS OVERS 19.2 Another maximum! And look at that shot from Kamran. He can play straight, too. And Kamran hands the strike back to Parth. Three needed in two. Hawk darts one in! Living up to his nickname. Parth could do nothing about it. The Hurricanes back under pressure. Yes, this is where experience comes into play. And these boys don't have enough. Now then, three needed off the last ball. Will the Hurricanes be taking the next flight home? And he's done it! Yeah! Fuck, yeah! What a brilliant batting performance from a sixteen-year-old rookie! HARYANA HURRICANES WIN BY 7 WICKETS The Haryana gamble has paid off! Each and every one of them. Crazy team selection, and an unbelievable result. Arvind is going to be a happy captain! Don't forget that it was all bench strength on this play today. Solid start by Shaleen early on... We won! Baseball Jack and switch-hit Kami connecting everything. And of course, young Parth shining like a star. They won it. She fucking won it for them. Listen, Vayu, you can't get thrown off by what she's doing over there. The stakes are far too high here. I know. I know, I know. Well done, Parth! Hey, hey, hey! You were saying Parth has grown up after the match. Let's check how much he has grown. Just a bit! It's nothing. Hey, it's okay. Just a peek... Don't be so coy. What happened? Well done. Parth, you killed it, man! Especially in the last three overs. Well done. Thank you. Kamran! My man! That spell at the death? That last over, you showed true character. Shaleen, superb! How long are you going to punish me, Arvind? I'm a part of this team, too. Its good and bad moments, its ups and downs matter to me, too. What do you want me to do? After today's performance, we should just hug it out? Arvind, I'm only human, not a machine. I admit my mistake. And I feel terrible about it. Really terrible! What do you want me to do? What can I do to be graced with his Highness' forgiveness? Tell me, what should I do? Hey, it's me. Another nightmare? Listen, Prashant, you keep saying only Rohini can help you. You have to talk to her. Yash! What was the urgency? Sit down. I have something to tell you. That Bangalore match, someone else was also fixing it. Against us. I knew it! I knew something was wrong. Who was fixing it? Ayesha's partner. We didn't know about him until now. Vikrant Dhawan. Vikrant... Dhawan... He's in South Africa? And he's the one who foiled your plans... I'm taking care of... What? What are you taking care of? You can't do a thing about it! Neither will your state associations vote for you, nor will you become the ICB president. And your vision, your grand vision, it's over. Nothing can be done now. Do you know why? You're weak. You're weak and he's taking advantage of your weakness, because that's what he does. You brought me here. You asked me to fix my team. To fix my own team. And I did! Because I trusted you! What now? Now, you listen to me. I will become the ICB president again, and you will help me do it. But I need you to be strong. You will take care of the matches with Pritish, and I'll take care of the votes. Okay? And Dhawan? I told you, it has been taken care of. And the playoffs are here. The Hurricanes have managed to sneak into the top four for the first time in the history of this tournament. But today, the Mumbai Mavericks play the Chennai Legends in this first qualifier. The winner going directly to the finals, the loser will, of course, have a second shot at it. Who's that? Pritish. Come on in. I'm sorry, should I come back later? No, it's okay. This new plan, we need to go over it. I'm not too sure about how it's gonna pan out, and... Am I looking hot, Pritish? Yeah, you look fine. Just fine? Millions of men fantasize about me just by looking at a poster. I don't know about that, but, about today's match, I can tell you that you have to... Could you zip me up, please? Sorry. Thanks. You know, I know nothing about you. Do you have a girlfriend? No. No, I don't have a partner. If we're gonna make this work, we need to be good partners, like we are in this moment. What do you mean? I want your unwavering trust, unquestioning loyalty, and total transparency. Come, the fans must be waiting. He's supposed to call an extra in this over. Okay. And so he shall. I still remember these two teams playing in last year's final. What a game! Right down to the wire. Naga runs in. But the umpire stops him. Yeah! I'm not sure why the umpire stopped him in his tracks there. A subtle signal, nothing too obvious. What if I stop the bowler in his run up? Will that be clue enough? Works. Okay. No-ball(s) 24 Dot ball 1.85 Wide(s) 18 Bye (s) 25 Wicket 20 Leg-bye 25 That's been signaled a no-ball. Free hit! But look at his foot there, a good part behind the crease. Harsh call. Well... Let's just keep doing this. Well, what's that? A wide? Another tough call. Umpire Ranga seems to have gotten off the wrong side of the bed today. Third wide off the over. What can we fix besides wides and no-balls? We can make use of the close calls for LBWs and caught behinds. But timing them is pure luck. What if Vayu gets a close call? Can we get Vayu out in the first ten overs? I'll inform the umpires. Good. Keep it going, Zarina. I'm doing my job. What about you? What about Dhawan? I'm on it. One hundred and eighty-two is a good score on this pitch. But the way Vayu has been playing in the last few matches I think Mavericks stand a better chance of winning the match. Vayu continues to display his terrific form, and has given Mavericks a flying start. Perera, on the wicket, on the wicket. Action Jackson TJ has taken the spinners to the cleaners today. A strong appeal, and TJ's out! I heard two sounds. Yeah, I think it was an inside edge. Anyway, TJ back to the dugout. Now, only Vayu remains. What? For the first time, you're so enthusiastic about getting Vayu out. Vayu is beat! Weak appeal, it's high on enthusiasm, but low on conviction. Why didn't he give an out? He was clearly not out. It would have been very obvious. He also needs to be careful. -What the fuck is this umpire up to? -Asshole! What was that? The ball and the bat were as far apart as Mumbai and Chennai are. I think he lifted his finger to scratch his head. With his explosive inning today, Vayu has proved that he's a true star. Vayu doesn't seem to be in the mood to get out today. Best not to bet on result. Four in ten required. Vayu in complete command here. What a turnaround he's had in the second half of this tournament. Just amazing. And that's it! Into the stands. MUMBAI MAVERICKS WIN BY 6 WICKETS The Mavericks have reached the finals yet again. The most successful team in the PPL with the most number of wins and the most number of finals. Vayu shines again! He's been unstoppable. One century and five fifties. The Mavericks, surely the favorites to win this PPL. Looking at Vayu's form, it won't be wrong to say that Mavericks are the favorites... ...to win PPL this year as well. Vayu has been the highest scorer in this match, too. Not bad. Hundred and fifty-two crores. If only Vayu had also gotten out on time... Anyway, you win some, you lose some. Such is life. You shouldn't have come here. I wanted to talk to you. Sure, we can talk... But you and I, here, like this... Rohini, you... you weren't just my teammate, you were my friend, too. Look, I'm with the Hurricanes now. Unofficially, of course. I wanted to see, you know, what I can do with an underdog team. You know how much I love working with Arvind Sir. Rohini, can you please hear me out? Whatever happened between me and Dev... Devender... I don't know what you're talking about. You were there! You saw it. I shot him. I don't want to talk about it. Why don't you get it? You have to! I'm... I'm living in agony. I feel miserable. I don't know what's going on. I haven't been able to deal with this trauma either. I'm trying to come out of it by trying to help Devender. I see him day and night. The line between imagination and reality has blurred. Prashant, you should talk to a psychiatrist, not to me. I won't talk to anyone till I talk to you. I'm not a doctor. But I guess, we live in turmoil till we confront our fears. What is this? Look at the-- So late! Long I'm waiting! Come on. Sir, your private dancer will be with you soon. Coming? When? Bloody cunt! They fucking turn you on and then leave you high and dry. Fuck! Is it really you, or am I hallucinating? It's me. Really? So, what, you quit cricket and became a stripper now? It's perfect, just perfect, suits you. Go and try your skills elsewhere. Go away, asshole, my babe will be here soon. Fuck off! I want to talk to you-- I came here to talk to you. Don't fuck with me right now... I want to talk to you right now. Are you giving me orders? Is that an order? I'm not giving any orders, I'm just talking. Just talk to me, and I'll leave-- Security! Why are you shouting? I'm your nurse for tonight. Are you ready for your check... up? Sandy? Why are you here? Now, what the fuck is this? She's here for me. Come here, baby. Come. Come. Come, come, come. Now, fuck off, bastard! Let me do what I want to! Get lost! Come, baby, come. Come sit on my lap. Come, no? I've paid full money for you. Come sit on my lap. Motherfucker! No! Move it! Am I not moving, asshole? How else should I move? I want water. -Hello? Water! -You'll get water in hell! Yeah. I'll be there in 15 minutes. What the fuck? Get out of the car! So sorry, sorry, sorry. Sorry, man. Easy, easy, easy. Easy, easy. Wait, hold on. Money. Rand. Rand, Rand, here, here! Lots of money. Here. Here! You want more? Rolex. Expensive. This way, bro! This way, this way. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 