Inside Edge: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Inside Edge 
 s2e4 - Doctored - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Inside Edge (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 4 - Doctored - full transcript 
 After a surprising turn by Arvind in the opening game against the Mavericks, the players come under the scanner for using performance enhancing drugs. Zarina rethinks her strategy of dealing with her commitments. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Sport is harsh. It cherishes those who come first, and forgets those who come second. Pick a sport. Any sport. Pick any sport. You would never remember who won the silver medal. Players cross every limit of hard work, endurance and sacrifice to achieve success. And sometimes, in their quest for this success, this gold medal, players reach out to me. My job is to analyze the game, analyze the player, and prepare their body for victory. People call this process doping. But it's not that simple. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 People think that doping means popping a pill and bringing the gold home. In cricket, PED, that is Performance Enhancing Drugs, can prove very useful. Before starting the process of doping, players freeze their clean urine in a bottle. This urine comes in handy when they are tested at a later stage. After this, every player's body type and performance is analyzed. And based on the results, he is given a time table. Players must adhere to this time table while taking PED, hormones, etcetera. Even a slight deviation can prove very harmful to one's health. It can even prove fatal. Gradually, with each passing week, you will notice an improvement in the players' performance. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Bowlers bowl faster, batsmen hit the ball harder, run faster. Players don't feel exhausted either. It's difficult to recover in the two or three days that they get before the match, but PED makes it simple. Besides that, even recovery from injuries is faster. But the only hurdle is GDPA, the Global Doping Prevention Authority. This is the GDPA lab where our samples will be tested. Normally, urine sample is of 90 ml, out of which 60 ml is for sample A and the remaining 30 ml is for sample B. First, sample A is tested. If it tests positive, then sample B is tested to confirm if doping has actually occurred. Both the samples are stored in special bottles. If the seal is broken, it's impossible to reseal the bottle. It's easy to pull this off in India. Just bribe the inspectors, and they become best friends with the ICB. But, yeah, there are some headstrong types. Like Wolfgang Hummels. We have to be cautious around the likes of him. He has destroyed the careers of many Olympians and world champions. Forget athletes, he was responsible for getting the whole Russian team banned from the Winter Olympics. Whole Russian team banned from the Winter Olympics. Hello? Mr. Hummels, your next assignment is in South Africa. After all this also, my wife, she's shouting at me. She's saying, "Bakul, you're a failure." "PPL has come to South Africa and you don't get us tickets." But PPL, they've come to South Africa, they should give us Indians some discount, isn't it? Bakul, yes? -Yes, sir. -I think we missed the last exit. Hang on, you're not going for the PPL match? No. A great start by the batsmen of Haryana Hurricanes on this bouncy Johannesburg pitch. In spite of the PPL moving to South Africa, there is no lack of enthusiasm among the fans. Ryan Winston on strike. A young Sri Lankan wicketkeeper. Catch it! And a smashing pull shot. Prashant Kanaujia chasing the ball like a panther. These huge South African outfields are going to put the players' fitness to test. And with that, this over comes to an end. Prashant! Here. Don't take tension. Bounce him out. Okay? Come on. And Prashant Kanaujia has been handed the ball. He had an explosive debut against this very team last season, even though he lost his way in the tournament soon after. A fact that absolutely no one cared for at the auctions. The Mavericks paying eight and a half crores for someone who has never played an international game before. Surprising. Well, this is a chance for redemption for young Prashant. Here he comes. Edged short! And comfortable catch for mid-on! He surprised Winston with the extra bounce and it ballooned straight into his hands. Now that was definitely worth eight and a half crores. Prashant looks very calm, but his bowling can kick up a storm for the batsman. Hurricanes, 48 for 1. Do you see Prashant's form, Arvind? You'll be back in the pavilion in no time. Come on, man! That's the way! Vayu adds another slip. In fact, he has gone there himself, putting pressure on his former captain. Arvind takes guard again. He's all concentration. This should be fun. That's a fiery bouncer. Clocking in at 148Ks per hour. What happened? Did the boy scare you, Arvind? Here, Prashant, keep at it. He won't last more than two balls. A lot of chatter out there in the middle right now. Vayu trying hard to get under Arvind's skin here. Prashant runs in to bowl. Shot! Arvind has hit this with disdain. Over deep cover and that's gone the distance. Prashant's not one to back down. He's eyeballing his ex-captain. What a contest this is turning out to be. He'll be out in the next ball. Focus on the ball. Prashant, steaming in again. Another bouncer. But... Look at that shot from Arvind. Upper cut zips straight to the boundary! I don't recall seeing him playing anything remotely like that. That was a 150-plus delivery. But it's the second bouncer of the over and a no ball. Free hit for Haryana. Arvind, Arvind... Is Arvind sledging Prashant here? We've never seen this side of him. And it's Vayu who comes to his bowler's rescue. Slower ball, and Arvind has picked it without any trouble. Across the stumps and he's whacked it down fine leg. Arvind has delivered a knockout punch to win this bout. Twenty-five runs in the over! Prashant's gobsmacked! Viewers, welcome to the PPL! Mr. Hummels! Mr. Hummels. Welcome, welcome, welcome. Myself Kale. Assistant of Mr. Patil. Mr. Hummels, I'm so sorry. We know about your arrival recently only. Otherwise we receive you properly at the airport, Mr. Hummels. Thank you. But I prefer to make my own way. Mr. Patil free to meet now? Yes, yes. Of course, of course. I'll be back in 10 minutes. Mr. Hummels, don't worry about the taxi. I'll pay it for you. We have a small gift for you. Herr Wolfgang Hummels, right? Mr. Patil. I'm from the GDPA, the Global Doping Prevention Authority. And I'm here to replace Mr. Philip Schlub at the PPL. Of course, of course. Please, have a seat. Kale. Sir, you want tea, coffee, drink? You look a bit tired, Mr. Hummels. I am. Tired of people trying to bribe me. Did you not give a gift to Mr. Schlub of a wine bottle that costs $12,000? Philip is my friend, a close friend. I have proposed an internal investigation into this friendship of yours, Mr. Patil. Mr. Hummels, you underestimate the value of my friendship. Doping investigators should not be making friendships with the people that they're investigating. The PPL has a spotless record as far as doping goes, right from the start. If I find out that you have allowed any wrongdoing in the PPL, the evidence of a single pill, one positive urine sample, I assure you that you and this PowerPlay League will be appropriately punished. Do you intend to watch any matches, Mr. Hummels? I am too much of a purist for all this... How you say... Circus. Last six balls of the inning. And Hurricanes' score is 180 for 6. They would surely want to cross the 200-run mark now because it is considered a psychological barrier. No, Atul, the final result would depend on the bowler bowling the last over. And who'd know this better than you. Of course! Shall we bounce it? Bounce it. Oh, my God! Captain Vayu has handed the ball to Prashant Kanaujia for the last over. I fail to understand Vayu's decision. Yes, Arvind Vashishth is still on the pitch, and he had literally destroyed Prashant's bowling. And Arvind has flicked it! Mr. Cricket has taken off like Usain Bolt. Despite being the oldest player in PPL, his fitness level is no less than a young man's. He has taken three runs. Venkat and Arvind built a great partnership today. So long, ball. Venkat has packed this ball off! Six runs, hit it over the long on! Hey, asshole, ask your father to go get the ball. What the fuck did you say, bastard? I'll hit the next ball straight to UP. Come on, Venky, come on, come on, come on! Come on, off you go. Come on, man, never mind. Come on! Ball! I'll show you, motherfucker. Bit of a lovers' tiff between Prashant and Venkat. Handing the last over to Prashant is proving to be a blunder on Vayu's part. Prashant is clueless about his next ball. He doesn't seem to have any plans in place. Let's see if Prashant can rein in this flood of runs. Beamer! Right at Venkat's elbow! Who bowls like this? What the hell, Prashant? Have you lost it? Arvind, leave him alone. Mind your own player. The question here is, was this beamer bowled on purpose? What did you say? Say it again! Ugly scenes, I tell you. Starting to look like a football fracas now. Not befitting of the PPL. Disappointing behavior from Vayu. He's got to show some respect here for Arvind. Someone who has captained the country and also captained Vayu in the Mavericks. Not sure I agree there, Nikhil. Vayu's a young leader. He has every right to defend his teammates. Senior, junior, makes no difference. They're both captains and equal rivals, I say. Right. Well, we'll have to wait and see if Venkat is going to be back on the field. While the Hurricanes can't afford to lose him, he's the only experienced spinner they've got in the squad. And the ball that hit Venkat was over waist height as well. So that'll be a no ball. Local lad Ringo is coming to bat and he's got a free hit first up. -Catch! -He goes for it! But no, doesn't connect well. Zuzu will cut it off and all they can get is a single. Well, that sets up Arvind versus Prashant again. Three balls to go in the innings. And that's cut away! Gone for a boundary! Smacked high over long on. Another six! What destruction! What carnage! So that's it. 207 for 6. Arvind stays unbeaten on 94. You'd think the Hurricanes are favorites to win, but the Mavericks have Vayu and TJ. No target is safe. Anything can happen. It's okay, happens to the best of us. Okay? Don't take tension. Tanay! No problem, no problem. I want a full analysis of the new bowlers... The ball slipped out of my hand. I didn't hit him on purpose. Save your explanations. I know exactly what you were up to there. Tanay! Just give me the collated information. Were you actually trying to fool her? She is a smart girl. She can see right through your bullshit. Look ahead, asshole. Prashant's conceded 68 runs in his 4. That's 17 runs per over. Well, TJ is trying his level best to try and compensate for that pedestrian bowling. He's in destructive form. He has given the Mavericks the electrifying start that they need. Mavericks, 64 for no loss after 5. And another smashing six from TJ! TJ the DJ is making the Hurricanes' bowlers dance to his tune. This 208 run target which looked challenging, now appears to be a child's play. Catch! Catch it! He tries to swing it again, but it turned out to be an easy catch at mid-on! Banks has put the brakes on Mumbai's lightning pace! Mavericks' captain, Indian cricket team's superstar, Vayu Raghavan walking towards the crease. His record has been less than impressive on South African pitches, but Mavericks are depending on him for this inning. Fans are used to seeing Zarina Malik in the Mavericks' stands, but Mantra Patil is bringing in the same energy and enthusiasm. Bad start. Your big shot is gone. Every match needs a bit of drama. Anyway, my big shot is Vayu. Wow. This Mantra is pretty cute. Think about it, Zarina. No, Imtiaz. We're not going to South Africa just because you want to. And you don't want to? Just look at her! I'm not so insecure. You are not so generous either. Let's get back to the set. And then you say your dialogue. Okay? Ma'am, we just got a message that... Final over. Six runs needed off three. Vayu's back on strike. Back your bowler, guys! Come on! He's still their best hope, even though he's struggled all day, especially against Ringo. Hold it! Hold it! And that's gone up in the air! No! He's dropped that! Six needed off two. Nasty bouncer from Ringo once again! -Go back and bowl. Go back! -He has peppered him with the short stuff and Vayu has had no answers! Yeah, he's really struggled against Ringo here. Well, South African pitches have always been Vayu's Achilles' heel. Because he's always been a predominantly front-foot player. Last ball. Six required off it. Now if there's one man who can make that happen, it's Vayu Raghavan. Chetan, I still remember Miandad's last ball sixer in Sharjah. Atul, I have no idea what you are talking about. Here we go. Six runs required off this last ball. Vayu's pulled this off many times before. -Catch it! -He steps out. Will it go the distance? No! The Hurricanes have won! And there it is! Ringo's famous pistol celebration. Vayu doesn't like it. He doesn't like it at all. The Mavericks' batsmen batted well today, but they were let down by Vayu and Prashant. Vayu's weakness against the short ball was ruthlessly exploited by the Hurricanes. Whereas Prashant just got taken apart. And Vayu needs to introspect on his captaincy and the decisions he's made today. Do you think you lost the game somewhere in the two overs by Prashant? No. Then according to you, what went wrong? I should've fired. We've seen a new Arvind Vashishth today. Tell us something about the 20-run over. I don't know about a new Arvind Vashishth, but, yeah, we needed a few quick runs in the first six overs. So I just went for it. I've been practicing some new shots, trying to keep up with the game. -I think they paid off. -They definitely did, Arvind. Your lead spinner, Venkat, is injured. Any news on him? Yeah. In fact, that's a cause of concern for us. The official reports haven't come in yet, but the scans do show a hairline fracture. So he's gonna be out for a few games. But in the reserves, we have the young Mandeep. I think we're gonna give him a go. Hey, come and hold my hair. Just come and hold my hair. Come. What? They're healthy, okay? Okay. -I'm in no mood for your lecture. -I haven't said a word, Vayu. -Yeah, but you're giving me that look. -What look? That look, that I shouldn't have played that shot when I was on the front foot, shouldn't be eating these chips, that look. But I didn't say anything, you're the one talking here. Just give me a break. Yeah? Fuckin' psycho! Asshole. Oh, my God. So stupid. I mean, you know, the ladies' queue is always full, so I had to... It is okay. You are that bowler, right? Prashant. Tough day? I mean, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to, like... It is okay. Okay, here's something to change your mood. My mood is good only when bowling is good. Sorry, what? Nothing. Congratulations on the win. Yeah. Tough luck for your boys. We lose, we lose. Part of the game. Hey! I see you followed me again. Look, Mantra, I came here on my own. I had no idea you were here. When there's a Mavericks' party on? That doesn't sound like the Vayu Raghavan everyone talks about. Yeah, well, I hate these parties. Come to think of it, shouldn't you be at a party that you're paying for? Well, if you're gonna stalk me properly, then you should know that I don't like these parties either. What is this? How old are you again? I mean, I know what it is, but... I like retro. Hey, I like retro, too! Khaike Paan Banaras Wala? You like '70s Hindi music as well? Do you really like it, or... I'm not saying this to impress you. -Really? -Yeah. In class four, we had danced to a medley. -I think I still remember the steps. -Are you serious? I'll show you. Come. Watch me. Okay. So, for this dance, you need to know just a couple of steps. First, the pelvic thrust. Like that! Then you add some swinging arms! Yeah. Like this. -Why do you... -And then just mix it up. I still remember, in that match, I scored around 72 in 84 balls. -And the media, they... -Quickfire Arvind! Yes. Yes, I remember. Great strike. It's a game of expectations. Your career ODI strike rate is in the 70s, and here your strike rate is around 120. -But even then... -Keeping tabs on the enemy. Like, today no one expected that you'd attack. I didn't either. Well... Here's to a good game. Cheers. And, Arvind, you're not the enemy. But how did you get into this? My dad. -Really? -Yeah. He was quite the fan. And I used to be with him... Especially when he was recovering from his surgery... You know, we have thousands of tapes. -Really? -Even now. And hence the Walkman. You know what? Want to try something really old school? Come. We used to do this in school. Sorry, we're late, Skip. It was my fault. I was driving, we got lost. Banks, it's not the first time it's happening. -I just can't... -Sir. They're here for the interview. Be on time. Saved by the press. Play it again. -Again? -Play it. Vayu, I'll give you this footage. You can take it with you and watch it as many times as you like. Shut up! Play it. -Play it again. -Again? Continue. Pause. When he bowls a bouncer, he holds the ball cross-seam. If we had listened to Rohini and bought him, we wouldn't have been tearing our hair out today. What do you mean? Don't you remember it? Rohini's potentials list. -He was on it? -Obviously. Third number, Ringo. Listen, send this list to my phone. Fuck! Hey! Take it easy, man... Coming. Coming! Vayu, coming. If it's you, I'm gonna fucking kill you! Wait, man! Have you lost it? Are you the Mavericks' analyst? What do you mean? I asked if you are the Mavericks' analyst or not? -Yes, I am. So? -Yeah? Then how the fuck do you explain this? What other secrets have you given Arvind? Fuck you, man. Please, Mr. Handa. I'm tired of your excuses. It's been four months. Now, where is Dhawan? No, no, you listen to me. I'm only reminding you of your promise to help me with the Suri murder case. Now, Rathore may or may not get on Dhawan's case, but I'll be on yours. Just remember that. Venkat's MRI scan results are in. Hairline fracture. Last I spoke to him, he said he was still in pain. If he doesn't recover in time... Mandeep is inexperienced. I think we should start thinking about replacements. By the way, Parth, Kamran and Jack attended yesterday's practice. None of them will be playing, right? But the three of them still showed up for yesterday's optional practice with full commitment... Can we not talk about this right now? Let's just play Mandeep against Bangalore and see what happens. Okay? Okay. Mandeep has already given 18 runs in this over. Batsman has lifted it! Banks is a mere spectator at the boundary. Another six! Hurricanes have conceded 24 runs in this over. And in his three overs, Mandeep has landed his team in hot soup. Venkat's injury is proving very costly for the Hurricanes. Thanks to Mandeep's bowling, Bangalore is close to the win. The next two overs are going to be decisive for Hurricanes. Vidyut needs to bowl a tight over. But that's a cracking straight drive! Ball crosses the boundary line like a bullet train. Hurricanes don't have a margin for error anymore. One more mistake and they will lose the match. Vidyut's last ball... Beaten the batsman. Brilliant bowling. Compared to his last few matches, Vidyut's pace has improved tremendously. Is Arvind going to give the ball to Mandeep again? We're doomed! Others have already bowled their overs. Mandeep is our only option now. Will Arvind go back to Mandeep after that disastrous over? Mandeep's asking for it. Arvind says "no." Hang on there! Arvind's taken the ball himself. He is gonna bowl the 19th. Left-arm, round the wicket. I don't think I've ever seen Arvind bowl. Could go either way. Could be a master stroke or it could be a mistake. Here's the Hurricanes' captain. -Hold it! -Rajan lofts it towards wide long on. Will that be a boundary? Yes, it is! It's not a mistake... It's a top-level misadventure. Yes, Arvind under pressure. Rajan pushes it towards cover and takes a single. 15 in 10. Adam's on strike. Will he go for the big one? Smartly bowled. Adams had no clue. Arvind's made a good comeback. Fifteen needed in nine balls now. What's happened there? Adams is bowled! Haryana are back in the game! Wow, ma'am, who knew Arvind could pull that off. Isn't it? Shaktimaan Singh is the new batsman. Fifteen needed off eight balls. That's smart of Shakti. Played it towards cover and hands the strike back to Rajan. Arvind has bowled a great over till now. He's completely turned the tables. Fourteen needed in seven. What can Rajan do now? Will he go for a maximum? Rajan misses it completely and so does the keeper! They're running for a single though. Rajan keeps strike. What brilliant bowling by Arvind. PPL can throw up surprises least when you expect them. Tight so far. Only three conceded in the first four balls. Ten needed in two now. A couple of big hits would do the trick. Oh, gorgeous shot by Rajan. He's pulled it back for Bangalore in the nick of time. Four runs needed in the last ball. Banks runs in. Rajan plays it straight to the fielder and they'll get only a single! The Hurricanes have won this! Bangalore had this match. They had it all along, but they choked at the last minute. Let's not take credit away, though, from the Haryana bowlers, they've now won two in two. This is going like clockwork. Well, it's supposed to. Ayesha, are you feeling bad about the team losing? A bit. Of course. On one hand, the team is losing, and on the other, you know, all that money. You are human, after all. Says the cold-blooded monster. I miss it. Those millions rolling in, as the cattle celebrate. I really miss that feeling. Dhawan, we agreed. I know, I know. Don't worry, no stadium appearances. Stadium? You don't set foot in South Africa, okay? By the way, where are you right now? In a land far, far away. It's early days, but Haryana will be happy with their rare appearance in the top four. Mr. Sooraj Chaudhary, could I have a moment, please? What's this all about? Nothing to worry about. As per the GDPA regulations, we have to conduct a post-match testing on the players. So, Mr. Sooraj, could I have you pee in this bottle, please? Mr. Handa is saying, "How will we save Sooraj Chaudhary?" We switch the B-sample. Hey, keep it away from me. Inside the lab? Who do it? This man. But there is one problem. I cannot go see him. He is saying there is a problem, he can't go and meet him. Why? Why? I cannot. I cannot because he's... You know, he is... I meet him. He will meet him. -Yeah. -Okay. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 