Inside Edge: Season 2, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Inside Edge 
 s2e7 - Yo Yo - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Inside Edge (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 7 - Yo Yo - full transcript 
 Arvind and Vayu strive to prove their mettle as captains, but blocking their path is their own teams' management. Zarina's indoctrination is complete. Rohini boldly decides to stay in the game. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Okay, okay! I'm coming, coming. Hey, Skip! What's up, mate? Are you looking for something? Skip, can I help you here? Why'd you do that? Skip, what are you doing? Skip! Skip, stop! If you just ask me, I can help you out. Don't just go through all my stuff! Look, what are you doing? Yeah, actually, it needed re-organizing anyway. Fuck! Stop going through my stuff! In the past few weeks, I've been noticing a change in you. In your performance. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I've been putting in extra hours of training, sir. Everybody's training hard, Banks, but that's not it. Look, I don't know what you're hinting at. Just get out of my-- -Where the hell is it? -What? What do-- Get-- What? What the fuck are you doing? These. Where the hell did you get these marks from? It's none of your fucking business. It is my fucking business, Banks. Now, either you tell me, or you take the first flight home. Are the other players involved? Yeah. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 There's three other players. So, all four of you? And you guys just decided to get together and... No, no... It wasn't like that, okay? There was a plan. What plan? Arvind, you have cost me a lot of money. Aren't you ashamed of yourself, Mr. Handa? Is this how you're gonna win? This is sports, not your dirty politics. Banks, Jones, Vidyut and Suraj, send them all home. They are my main players. You can't... Have you found Dhawan yet? No, they will not play. Arvind, listen to me. See, taking a one-off dose doesn't matter. And I guarantee you, I swear, there won't be any more doping. I don't want to get into an argument with you, Mr. Handa. It's either them or me. I'm the one to blame. Why are you kicking out these players? How the fuck are we gonna win PPL! Arvind sir, can I still come work with the Hurricanes? There it is. I don't want to create a scene here. You go get him. Sure. Check this out. Yeah. The interiors... Oh, my, check her out. So, if I understand correctly, out of ICB's 30 associations, we need 16 votes. And as of now, you have surety of only six votes. Those six are also demanding more money. And the rest of the votes? To turn a non-believer into a believer, you need a really big miracle. Local T20 leagues. What do you mean? In the last two to three years, a few state associations have been asking for funds to launch their local leagues. And how many votes will that be? Three. So, we are still seven votes short. Not to mention the money we'll need to grease these states. Because of the Pakistan controversy all our accounts are being closely watched. We cannot use that money to buy these votes. We need fresh funds. How much? As per our current projection now, we need to greatly increase the amount of money we bet per match. By how much? Three hundred to four hundred percent. Three to four times? You must be out of your mind! The Mavericks have five matches to go, and starting from the next match, we will need every single bet, every single spot to work for us. There is no room for error. For that we'll need bigger players. Vayu? No. But TJ will do it. Sorry. Vayu, sorry. I'll slap you right across your face! -I was disturbed. -Disturbed? If you are disturbed, do you get to drive at the speed of 150? Fucker! What if someone had died? Go easy. What if something had happened to you? So, what! I could've died, how does that matter! Who would have noticed it? Shut up! Bloody drama queen. I fought with everyone for you! Everyone told me, drop Prashant from the team, I said no... No, but did you ask me if I wanted to play or not? -Ungrateful bastard! -No! Vayu, no! -Stop it. -Fuck! Fine... Tell me, what's the problem? I wanted to tell you, but you don't... I'm listening to you now, ain't I? So, tell me. I can't play anymore. Yeah, that's pretty fucking obvious. Fuck. Prashant! Prashant, wait, wait, wait! Listen. Listen to me, okay? Talk to me. Why can't you play? I want to talk to Rohini. Look, Rohini isn't with Mavericks anymore. But I'm here. For you. Talk to me. Prashant, listen to me, man! Give him some space. Look, you've got good rhythm. Give it a little more flight. You're naturally aggressive. Attack him! Okay. Let's go. Well bowled. Well bowled! Shaleen, Parth, Kamran, and Jack. But they don't have any experience. But they are very enthusiastic. They are the first ones to arrive at the nets, and last ones to leave. Arvind, sir, they don't have to go out there and win games single-handedly. All they have to do is perform the specific jobs that we give them, that's it. All of this is in your report, right? In baseball, it's called sabermetrics. Popularly known as Moneyball. English county Northamptonshire used this to win, not one, not two, but three England T20 Blast Championships. My report just tweaks the theory to win for the PPL. Go on. We have close to the perfect set-up to execute this approach. But first, we have to figure out the winning scores for each match. Hurricanes next match is against Chennai. As per my calculations, if you bat first, we'll need a total score of 177. Because 177, on that ground, has been the winning score 90 percent of the times. To get 177, we'll need 20 boundaries, five sixes, and 67 in ones and twos from the other 95 balls. Next, we have to assign specific roles to each player. I will back Jack to hit three of these sixes. Shaleen can get forty of these. Even if it takes 50 to 55 balls, right? And then every other batsman needs to hit four boundaries each. That's it. But Parth is out with an injury. Actually, even though it's a rest day, I saw him practice this morning. And maybe if Devender... No. Not happening. You guys bulldozed him into the squad. Doesn't mean he makes the eleven. Chapter closed. Next. Okay, Shaleen should open. Really? Will that be a good idea? His strike rate in T20 is just in the eighties. I know. But what if we just ask him to anchor the innings. Yeah? Rotate the strike and then he can carry the bat and accelerate in the end. I thought that was my job. Yeah, but if someone else can do that, then you are free to play your new, aggressive game just the way you did in the first match, where you completely destroyed the Mavericks. Tisha, can we have a minute? Of course. Rohini, sometimes we take decisions that seem right at the time, but then we regret them and then there's no looking back. I don't know what you mean. What I mean is, that you still have an option to walk away. I'll never judge you. You're the first one. You and Niranjan sir, to trust a 21-year-old girl with no previous experience as the analyst of Mumbai Mavericks. Today, whatever I am, it's because of you. And whatever I'm doing now, it's so that you can win. As long as it's for my win and not for Vayu's loss. Captain Arvind Vashishth is still standing strong at the crease. And he has to. Because dropping four of your main players in such a crucial game is like shooting yourself in the foot. Howzat? A strong appeal! And he's out! Ball touches the bat, and goes straight into the wicketkeeper's gloves. Next batsman, American baseball player, Jack Douglas. What sort of madness is this? How can you replace four experienced players with four rookie players? Some of them might not even have ever played cricket. Jack is a baseball player. That's right, this is called the baseball-ization of cricket. And he swings the bat like a mighty axe! Just like a lumberjack felling a tree. Six runs! Such strategies can prove quite costly for the team. Clean bowled! The result is for all to see. Young Parth makes his way to the crease. All of sixteen years old and he's come out with a broken nose. Reminds me of the great Anil Kumble, when he bowled with a broken jaw. Yes, but the difference is, this is Parth's first professional outing. Too much expectation. First ball driven confidently through the covers! He's hitting them with all the time in the world. Taking on the fast bowlers, too! Shaleen has been steady until now. Oh! Bowled! Rush of blood, getting adventurous. Next new player is Kamran. What's going on? Trying a switch hit on his first ball? These moves are fit only for school cricket. At this level, they look like a child's play. Look at that, clean bowled! There is only one word to describe this dismissal, shameful! Twenty-five runs needed from two balls. Last ball. And Parth is also clean bowled. He did not try to stay not out. Everyone's failed in this laughable line-up, save for Parth. Haryana first pushed the self-detonate button during the auctions, and now again in this game. They have slipped to the sixth position on the points table. You know, sometimes, we lose something while chasing something else. Not only did I lose my money, I lost my nerve, too. You lost something else, too. Your conscience. And cut! That's lovely, guys. Make-up! That was nice. I think we should move on. Stand by, checking. Come along. You know, I've always wanted to see a Bollywood shoot. -Yeah? -Yeah. It's a lot less glamorous than it seems, right? Have a seat. Are you happy to be here? With the Mavericks, I mean. -Thanks. -Yeah. Sure. We're very lucky to have you. You've outclassed everyone this season. Even Vayu. Yeah, well, I just wish that could've translated into a higher position on the points table. What do you think is lacking? I don't want to ruffle any feathers. No, go on. What happens behind the scenes, stays behind the scenes. Well, we could've had a stronger person lead the team. Are you saying you'd make a better captain than Vayu? I mean, if not I, then... What are you willing to do to become captain? What do you mean? I can make you captain, if you spot-fix for me. Wait, are you fucking kidding me? All this you've got going for you right now, the fame, the fortune, that's not gonna last. Yeah, but I don't care about the money. But you care about becoming captain of South Africa. If you were skipper of the best PPL team, that would be a foot in the door, wouldn't it? You're the first person I'm making this offer to. You get one chance. Someone in this team is gonna leapfrog the rest, all for making an intentional, but harmless mistake. I'll leave you to think about it. Arvind sir. I'm sorry. Sorry for? I feel that... I let you down. We should just go with a more conventional approach. I don't know what I was thinking and I'm sorry. Come, watch this. Look at them. Look at Parth! He's a master in the making. And Jack, you know the way he swings nobody else can swing like him. Kamran... What a find this boy is. These guys, they're all underdogs and nobody believed in them. Except you. Come, sit. Rohini, I'm a relic as far as the PPL is concerned. But after watching these guys play, it looked like they want to prove something to the world and... I've been motivated by all the wrong reasons this season. I've not been playing for the team or for my love for the game, or even for myself. But watching these guys, it's given me a sense of purpose. I want to prove myself. You know, I might be old, but I belong here... Of course you do, sir. They don't call you "Mr. Cricket" for nothing. Yeah. So, we're gonna use your plan and we're gonna make it work. Thank you. Are you sure you want him in your team? What do you mean? Is he not playing the next game? Please tell me. I need the points, sir. Wait a minute. Are you selecting the playing eleven on the basis on your HalaPlay team? -This is not fair. -Okay, sir! I'll have to edit my team again. Tanay, can you give us a minute? Yes. Hi. -Close the door. -Yeah. Moses... sir, let me be direct about this. I think we should change the captain. But on what grounds are we going to fire Vayu? He recently made a hundred, we won the last game. I mean, when we should've fired him, we didn't do it. Now if we do it, we'd look like idiots in front of the fans and media. Okay, answer my question. Will Mavericks benefit from having TJ as the captain? Glad to have your support. Yeah, but the thing is, Vayu is... Thanks. No. No way. Look, Mantra, it is the smart and sensible thing to do for the team. Dropping Vayu as Captain will affect team's morale. And the fans will protest. So, no, I'm not gonna agree to this. Please don't pretend like you're saying this because of the fans now. I don't wanna argue with you. You've made a suggestion, but as primary owner, I'm not allowing this. Excuse me. Look, Mantra, I really hope your personal equation with Vayu has not... Stop before you say anything else, Zarina. I really hope that you're not accusing me of playing favorites with Vayu. Because a smart, sensible woman like you wouldn't do such a thing. Or would she? Hey, Vayu! Check this out. No problem? No problem. Ravi, Dane, Smithy, TJ, Nachi, Ankit. Ankit! Mr. Raghavan, you're our captain, star batsman, you don't need to bother with all this. Let's do this. Okay, everyone, on your marks. Level 15! Come on, boys! Come on! Dane, you're out! Everyone else, back to your marks. Come on, come on, come, on, come on. Naga, you're out. Come on, everyone, back to your marks. Go on, quickly. Come on, guys, push yourselves, come on! Faster, come on! Ravi! Step out! You're out. Everyone, back to your mark. Come on, come on! Go, go, go, go, go! Second warning, Nachi. Step out, step out. Come on, come on. Come on. First warning for you, Vayu. Back on your marks. That all you got, boy? Come on, guys! Come on! Come on, come on, come on! Faster, come on! Faster, faster! Warning! First one for you, TJ. You okay, mate? Yeah? You're going down. Keep dreaming, man. On your marks, guys. Level twenty! One warning each. All right! Come on, Vayu! Come on, come, come on! Come on! Faster! Vayu, level twenty-one! Good job. Come on, Vayu! Push yourself! Faster, come on! What price did we have to pay TJ? He wants captaincy. But it'll be worth it. TJ can do a lot for us in the future. Ankit is opening the innings today. A bit of an experiment there, Nikhil? Yeah, he's come in as a pinch-hitter. They're already in the playoffs thanks to Vayu's resurgence. This is their last league match. They can try an experiment or two. The ball's not coming on to the bat. All I think we should do is take some singles, keep things moving, all right. Yeah. Sure. That's a signal from TJ. Zarina, that'll be really difficult for him to execute. Do it, Pritish. Hundreds of crores are at stake. We'll have to take our chances. Shakti to TJ. Out! Howzat! Oh, it's hit the stumps! The third umpire been called forth. Did the bowler get a hand to it? Yes, I think it did. The ball seems to have just brushed his fingers and Ankit is caught in no man's land. Yes, he'll have to go. -Yes, he'll have to go. -Yes! Very unlucky. It's made Bollywood superstar and Bangalore mascot, Imtiaz Khan, very happy in the stands today, cheering his team on. I can't believe anyone can pull off something like this. I know exactly what these cricketers are capable of. Come on, go up. Hey, lady, no phone calls. Come on, move! Come on, come on! Move forward! Sir? With the municipal elections coming up, we've been keeping track of Patankar. The woman who came to meet him the day before, she's on your list. Who? Sir, here. Looks like there's a problem with TJ's bat and he's ordered an exchange. Sir, why are you here? Ayesha madam had asked you not to, didn't she? Shut up. Do you notice the signal? What signal? Watch. I think the Mavericks desperately need to accelerate the scoring rate. And TJ's asked for a heavier bat just to do that. Mistimed by TJ. That's up in the air! And the bowler runs a long way to claim it. TJ did well! Who's next? Nachi. Nachimuthu comes in. He's in form and done well in this PPL with both the ball and the bat. I created this world and its rules. Tonight, we take it back. Today, we're gonna try something different. Something that's never been done before. Maverick will try to fix as many spots as possible. And we'll overturn each one of their attempts. Listen carefully. Nachi will try to get out in this over. Here's what I want you to do. Piyush to Nachi. And Nachi runs! Vayu is saying, no. A terrible throw. No, no, no, no! Hey! Nachi is going for another run! But the wicketkeeper drops the ball again. Comedy of errors! Terrible fielding, terrible running. Nachi escaped getting out twice in a single ball! We'll read every spot and bet against it. The Mavericks won't know what hit them. Fixing the fixers? The anti-fix. Next ball. Head in one direction, eyes in another and the ball goes straight into wicketkeeper's hand. What is Nachi doing? If Nachi doesn't manage to get out this over, we'll lose the spot. Last ball of the over! Catch it! Ball in the air! Confusion among the fielders! How can the fielding be so bad? Calm down, calm down and play. Hey, man! There goes another bet. The poor boy just can't get out. They must have some doubt by now. The fools haven't even considered the possibility. Lofted shot towards long-off... and another easy catch dropped. Shocking fielding from Bangalore today. All the spots are going haywire tonight. And now... Let's talk to the players during the break. -What happened? -I've tracked down Dhawan. -Where is he? -In South Africa. Yeah. Okay. Arvind, I wanted to discuss something important with you. This gamble you've played... do you think it'll help our team to win? It's cricket, Mr. Handa. We can't say anything till the last ball. Clinical chase so far by Bangalore. They have wickets in hand and are pacing the innings at will. The Blitzers need forty-five in five overs. Here's Nachi. Can he stop the flow of runs? That's a signal. Defensive. Not more than four to five runs in this over. Is that clear? Ordinary delivery. Should have been put away but Adams plays it straight into the hands of the fielder. And Kashyap comes down the track. But that will only be a single. Another loose one! That should've been smashed out of the park. But the batsman misses it completely! Should we stop betting on this game all together? You do understand the importance of this match, don't you? Don't you? Defensive yet again. This could've been a huge over but not to be! Come on, Nachi! Well, I really don't understand what's happening here! Forget it. What else can be done? Vishal will bowl the twentieth. And Vayu usually gives the nineteenth to Richards. Let's bet on the result. Frankly, that's our only option now. If we want to achieve our target, we don't have any other choice. Pritish, bet all the money that we have on us losing this match. I'll inform Vishal. Pritish, Pritish... Remember who taught you this... art. The pupil can never be a master. It's come down to the wire yet again. Kashyap has been in great touch, but can he take Bangalore through? Oh, and what a shot it is! It's kissed the stratosphere before falling into the stands. Bangalore are just two hits away from victory. What an innings it's been so far! Eleven off five. Vishal needs to pull a rabbit out of the hat to stop Kashyap. Oh, it's wide of off-stump and Kashyap has missed it. Good comeback from Vishal. And suddenly the Mavericks are back in the reckoning. This better work. Pritish, mop this up. Eleven needed in four. Oh, that's hit straight over the bowler's head, two fielders failed to cut it off! Yes! The ball wins the race and it looks like Bangalore will win this race as well! Seven needed in three balls. Full toss and he's scooped it! He knows the fine leg is up and no one can stop it! Bangalore are running away with the match now. And Kashyap is on ninety-nine! Three in two deliveries. What can Vishal do? And Kashyap misses it! Vishal has gotten away with that. Kashyap shouldn't have missed and he knows it. Bangalore is three runs away from a win and two runs away from the super over. Vishal's last ball, and now all three results are possible. Last ball. And he's bowled out! Kashyap clean bowled on a full toss! What a match today! Vishal is relieved, but he knows that he just got lucky. And look at Kashyap, he looks like a fish out of water! I hope you didn't bet on the result, Bhaisaab. It was the first lesson you taught me. No, Yash, right now we don't have a choice. If TJ doesn't become the captain, then no election, no-- What exactly do you expect me to do? Mantra has the final call. Yes! You gave her 85 percent of the Mavericks. But now there is no other way out. You have to talk to her. I can't do that. I can't go against my daughter. I've never forced her hand. You'll have to find another way. Can't or won't? I said, find another way, Zarina. Should I come back later? The bookies are reeling from their losses. They suspect something. I've spoken to them. And... analyzed the betting patterns of the match, too. And? Someone bet against our bets. And big bets. I'm quite certain that Bangalore's team is fixed. How do you know that? I was looking for signals, anything suspicious. And then I noticed something odd. Some players were constantly looking at the scoreboard. And, a lot more often than players usually do. Then I looked at the footage for the scoreboard. This light? It's flickering. And this is the over where our players were failing to get out. Is this consistent across every... It is. It's consistent across all Bangalore matches. It's definitely a signal. And I can think of only one person who can do something like this. -Are you sure? -100% Rathore has tracked his wife down in Mumbai, and her phone records show that Dhawan is certainly here in South Africa. And why are you telling me this? The thing is, Bhaisaab, I don't like being indebted to anyone. You helped me out when I was in trouble, and I'm just returning the favor. Thank you, Handa. Vikrant. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 