Inside Edge: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Inside Edge 
 s2e3 - Hawk-Eye - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Inside Edge (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 3 - Hawk-Eye - full transcript 
 Bhaisaab attempts a novel approach to neutralize the Home Minister's threat and tempts Zarina with forbidden fruit. Vayu finds that his nemeses are not relegated to other teams alone, but are closer to home. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Excuse me? -Sorry? -This is for you. So you're saying, I buy the Bangalore team, and you'll make me money. Raise 15,000. That is the offer. Brass tacks. Raise 60,000. Call. Call. And what would you get out of it? We split the profits, fifty-fifty. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 For my expertise. -No, thank you. -Okay. Met. Fold. Expertise in what? Miss Dewan, I'm the best at what I do, which is why Bhaisaab trusted me to do it. But you failed. Which is why you now need the casino to front your gambling money. I didn't fail. I was sabotaged. Call. What about the players? The captain? The coach? I will be doing background checks on all the players in the auction. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You mean, we'll only buy those players who... Can be persuaded. You mean manipulated? The team still needs a popular face, a public face. As a distraction. I'll give you Imtiaz. He'll be the face of your team. Ayesha, I'm all in. One last question. Is this business or vendetta? Is this about Bhaisaab? It's business. Nothing personal. Say no, and you'll miss out on all this. The benefits of having a star as your lap dog, the political perks of owning a PPL team, the sheer amount of money that's there for the taking. Or, say yes, and move up from power broker to absolute power. Indian Cricket Board's presidential elections will be held this year. The wind is blowing in your favor, but... Votes might turn. Thirty state associations... And you need 16 to win the election. What if I guaranteed you the elections right now? MP, Orissa, Jharkhand... Three states that were most likely to vote for Basu, will vote for you. I am the ICB President. I don't need your help to win the elections. But Basu does. What if he calls me? I call. Wait. Don't you want to see if you won? I know I have. Madam, did you inform the Home Minister that Mr. Patil is here to see him? Sir, the Minister is busy. Look, madam, this matter is rather urgent. Please! Sir, please. Kale, we can wait. Bhaisaab, tea? I'm sorry, Patil. It's a rather busy day. The thing is, running a country is slightly more complicated than cricket. Sir, please reconsider your decision. Cancelling PPL at the last minute will result in huge loss... I'm sorry, Zarina. I cannot compromise national security for the sake of your entertainment, isn't it? And anyway, cancelling one season of PPL won't make any difference to the country. Kale, let's go. Kale, we should send a bouquet to the Home Minister. Along with a thank you note. What? We just asked for a walkway, but he gave us the permission to build a highway. Let me remind our viewers that it's been 24 hours since the Home Minister knocked the bails of this year's PPL. Security issues were cited. And while the government's priority must be its citizens' protection, the question that still remains unanswered is why such an extreme step had to be taken? Couldn't additional services be deployed? Why should the citizens be deprived of their beloved game? These are the questions government has to answer. And now, we're going live to the ICB headquarters, with the ICB President and the PPL Commissioner, Mr. Yashwardhan Patil, who is going to join us, and discuss about the recent events that rocked the world of Indian cricket. For the last 25 years, the Indian Cricket Board has considered every obstacle as an opportunity. Unfortunately, the Indian government has refused to provide security to the PPL. So we won't be able to hold PPL in India this year. But the South African government is more than happy to provide us with ample security. And that's why, the PPL will be held there this year. Remind me. This move to South Africa. How did you know? Because... I learnt from him. I know how he thinks. I'm going to let you live, Vikrant. But I want you to disappear. Forget the PPL. You are never to set foot in another stadium. Are you ready for step two? Yeah. Yes! Don't forget the pain he gave us. My government will help you make this the biggest event in South Africa this year. Thank you so much, Emershan. Your help is much appreciated. And we are extremely happy with the arrangements so far. Thank you, Yashwardhan. Goodbye, my friends. The South African President was talking to us. We have officially arrived. Why won't they? Thanks to PPL, the South African economy will see an infusion of $300 million. So, why is the Indian government kicking us out? So, areas where we anticipate disturbances, such as... Sir? The Prime Minister wants to talk to you. Hello, Madam. Thanks to your decision, PPL has shifted to South Africa. We lost millions, billions even. Couldn't we have arranged additional forces from the reserves for two months? And at every media interaction, we'll reiterate how the Indian businesses will suffer losses with the PPL going abroad. The media is ripping us apart. I'm being called anti-business, anti-entertainment... India's loss is South Africa's gain. I've had enough of you. This is your last warning. From next year, every country's government will be inviting us. And that's where we want to be. Come on, guys! Come on, guys! Stop it! Come on! Don't do that! Stop faffing here, guys! We need to get this shot! Come on. Okay, guys. Let's just get this done. Okay? Final shot, guys. Great job, yeah, Mantra! Cracking this sponsorship deal with Engage Deo. Very impressive. Thank you. I'm just glad that I could help out in a small way. Don't be modest. -I'll catch you later. -Okay. We need to talk. Are you breaking up with me? I need you to move the shoot to South Africa. So it is true. You are with the Bangalore Blitzers this year. And if I say no? Look, sweetheart, honestly speaking, I'm getting a little tired of your bullshit. The only reason I agreed to do your film was because you blackmailed me with those pictures. You want to release those pictures? Release them. Anyway, half the world thinks I'm bisexual. What's the worst that can happen? I'll deny it. I'll say they are Photoshopped. But if your film gets stalled after spending all this money, -then you... -Right. And who will cover the losses caused by going over budget? You? Or your new team? If you can't cover the losses, then you have to work harder. Go to South Africa for the matches, and stay here for the rest of the time. Sure, you'll get some dark circles and under-eye bags, but nothing that some make-up and a spot of botox can't fix. Am I right? Jacket! Always a pleasure. Rohini. Bastard! Vayu, please stop. Stop! Don't create a scene here, Vayu. All people want is a whiff of a scandal. Please. Vayu... Please put your phones away. Please don't record. Please. Thank you. Vayu, you're the captain now. Vayu, you can't flare up in public. Please. Please, Vayu. Vayu, please! He's here to meet me, Vayu. I will deal with it. Please leave. Please. Bloody motherfucker. Go! Baba, you saw Vayu's reaction, didn't you? I don't want him to get distracted before such a big tournament. Come on! Where's your foot? Where's your foot? Back foot! If you want to play for India, learn to play the short ball. With bat! Not with helmet! I think... We shouldn't meet again. That's what I was here to say. Back foot! Is this how you are going to play for India? Rohini... I have lung cancer. I thought I'd just call during my final hours. Come on! If you want to play for India, learn to play the short ball. Otherwise, your career is doomed. Bye. Rohini, I've been trying to talk to you for a while now. Please just hear me out once. Sir, could you please sit down? We're ready to go. That poor girl is very emotional. That's what I like about her. One look at her and my balls... They just start tingling. And for the first time ever, a domestic cricket tournament is taking place in another country. And, oh, my God! This place is absolutely buzzing! And the Mumbai Mavericks have been further bolstered by the presence of the local hero and the world's number one batsman, Tyler "TJ" Jackson. This may also help in bringing more crowd into the stadium. The fans don't have high expectations from the Haryana Hurricanes team. But having international star Tim Banks in the team might give them some hope! The South African Government has spared no expense in making sure the preparations were completed in record time. The South African Cricket Board has assured that the stadium and grounds are ready to welcome the crowds, as well as the eight teams that make up the PPL. Hello. Hello, Mr. Hussain. You had to take my call after all. So, Patil booted you out and now you've come running to me? Bhaisaab defeated you as well. You tried to cancel the PPL, and Bhaisaab took it to South Africa and made it an even bigger spectacle. Son, give me some time. I'll take care of your Bhaisaab. Time is a luxury you don't have. Two weeks after the PPL final, Indian Cricket Board's elections will be held. And if Bhaisaab wins that election, then neither you nor the Prime Minister will be able to stop him. And how do you plan to stop him? Not me, we. Together we will ensure, that not only will Bhaisaab lose the ICB election, he'll never be a threat to you ever again. Indian cricket will be under your control and... And you will run the show? Win-win. Brilliant, brilliant. Very good! Good one! Good one! Hey, Nachi! Try practice with a horizontal bat. Take your time, get in position so you can judge the bounce. Remember, we're gonna be playing on South African pitches, which are very bouncy, all right? Let's try again. Yes, mate! That's the one! Your pace has dropped. Last year, you were bowling up to 150, and this year, your average is barely 135. Without swing and seam, it's not gonna be enough on these fast pitches. So, buck up. Rohini, just hear me out once. Nice shot! Hey, why are you walking around with a long face? -It's nothing. -Come on. I know you guys are very excited. In fact, I'm equally excited in this new role of a captain and a coach. Never done that before. So I have appointed a bowling coach. Who has represented India in the last 15 years, only to have retired last year. Played not one, not two, but three ODI World Cup finals. Two of them as captain. Taken over 250 wickets, and also has been the Player of the Year four times. Any guesses who? Come on, guys. -I don't know... -We don't know. Tisha Chopra! Please, could you give these guys a lesson in cricketing history? It's okay, Arvind. -Welcome. -Thank you. Hello, everybody! Hello, ma'am! Excellent, guys. Welcome! Welcome to South Africa. Welcome, Tisha. Hello, Arvind. So, guys, remember that we have a young team. Listen, don't forget to translate it for them later. But our captain, Arvind, I'm sure that he will lead us to success with his experience. Yeah! Come on! Yeah! Yes. Punjab? Me too! Nice to meet you. Handa? Mr. Handa? -What is it? -Mr. Handa, how are you doing? If you remember, after the auction, I said I was gonna ask you for a favor once we land here? -Yes, yes. -Yeah, yeah. I need your help now, Mr. Handa. My friend has something for me. I need to go to pick it up. -Yeah? -Follow me. Okay. Vayu! Vayu, you asshole! What are you doing? We have a team review, don't we! Yeah, I know. I know. Ro, don't fucking touch my phone! You're flirting with Mantra? Fuck! Our Mantra? I fucking told you not to touch my phone! You are unbelievable. Fuck, man! -Hello. -Hey. Wow. PPL takes really good care of their people. -Hi. -Hi. From texting to stalking. That escalated quickly. Well, I just got this beauty. Thought I'd take her out for a spin, and it just so happened that the airport was on my route, and your flight had just landed, so... Just so happened? Yeah. Just so happened. Well, at least it's a nice ride. Yeah. It's a five-liter V-8 engine, 0 to 100 in 4.7 seconds... 435 HP, 6,500 RPM, and custom built. Except in your case, customized for the guy that you rented it from. I'm not into cars. I just know a lot about this one. Yeah? Yeah, my dad gifted me an ochre one for my birthday last year. Never driven it, though. -Never driven it? -It's a long story. Yeah, I just can't seem to impress you. That's all right. Better luck next time. Next time? I'll call you back. Madam? Madam? I was trying to call you. None of the crew members have shown up. Because of their union. Which union? -All of them. -What the fuck? Madam, one minute. This must be Wadhwa's doing. His company makes six to seven films a year. And he's the president of the Producers Union as well. Bastard. I'm gonna fucking kill him. Madam? -Madam... -What, Bhatia? Please don't lock horns with Wadhwa. He will try to ruin you at all costs. We won't be able to take him on. I think we should accept his terms. Wadhwa is not a small problem, Zarina. He is a ticking bomb. I'm not some newcomer. He can't just bulldoze me. Well... You do have Bhaisaab. Bhaisaab saved me from Dhawan. He invested in my company. He saved the Mavericks. I can't keep asking him for favors. There's no limit to the favors you can ask of him. And his ability to deliver. Though, won't it be nice to be like him? A queen with your own kingdom? I have a test for you. It's called the YO-YO intermittent recovery test. It'll tell us exactly who's fit and who needs to get there. I'm certain it's going to be a long list. So, boys, here's how it works. You have to run to and fro between these markers. This is called a shuttle. And one shuttle is 40 meters. You start at level five, and as the levels increase, so do the number of shuttles. But the time for each level will decrease. Don't make it back the first time, you... Well, you get a warning. The second time, you're out. There are eight shuttles per level from 14 upwards with 23 being the highest level. Not that anyone of you is ever going to get there. Vayu, you're out! Prashant, you're out! Move on to the side. Back on the marks. Come on, come on! On your mark! Nachi, you're out! Go for it! Push it! Come on! Go for it! Yes! Go for it! Come on! Just the two of you went till 18. And TJ was the only one to get to 20.4. The way things stand, you guys are pretty useless for the Mavericks right now. I hope you know what to do. The captain need not be the best player, but he has to be the fittest. I still don't understand why you're the skipper. Pritesh told me what Wadhwa did. Well, I didn't want to bother you. Come on, Zarina. You know I'm always available for people I care about. Your shooting will start in two days. This... Bhaisaab, this is the kind of power I want. Do you remember telling me that you're looking for someone who can shoulder the responsibility of your second PPL. Well... Why not me? -Will you be able to handle it? -Why not? I've been managing the Mumbai Mavericks successfully for all these years. I understand cricket and its politics, both. Plus, I'll learn from you. This politics is the dirty kind. You're already a successful actress. Why do you want to dirty your hands in this murky power struggle? Because I am tired, Bhaisaab. All this success, fame, and glamor can't get me the power. And I hate that. I wanna be like you. Zarina, it's not that you don't have the potential. -But... -But? Whatever you've done till today, you did it the right way. Even when you did something wrong, your intentions were right. But in my position, there is no clear right or wrong. Sometimes it's impossible to tell the difference. You just have to do, what needs to be done. Look, Zarina, these rules and regulations, they don't apply to us. All these moral codes, principles, social mores... These are boundaries set by those in power. Us. But they're not meant for us. So, think carefully. Are you ready to let go? There's no rush. Sleep on it. I think I'm going to open in the first game. -Are you sure? -Yeah. You've never opened before in any format. No, I might have. Years ago, in a Ranji Trophy game. When you were 19? Nice shot! Our top order is weak. So, it's best I open. Banks can handle the middle order. Mr. Handa, thanks again for getting our bags through customs. Okay. This is Miroslav. My performance coach. Nice to meet you, big boss. Now open the bag. I want to see. All custom confused. Mr. Handa, you sure you wanna do this? There's no going back after this. You said this is PPL? Yeah. Hurricane... Our team will win? Definitely. Then, show me why. Open! Show me. Fuck! What a setup, man. So, this is the secret of hitting chakka... Sixers? Again and again? And if you ever wondered how we used to hit them after dancing and drinking all night, now you know. Tell me one thing. All players can take? Well, the thing is, Mr. Handa, we have to be careful not to open the circle too wide. It's really only those we can trust. Brother, Handa has given all money buying players. I want... Value money back. Profit. And all player will take. Hurricane will win. It'll be interesting to see how Arvind Vashishth takes on his former team and his ex-teammate and now rival captain, Vayu Raghavan. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 