Inside Edge: Season 2, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Inside Edge 
 s2e10 - Switch Hit - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Inside Edge (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 10 - Switch Hit - full transcript 
 While the cricketers battle it out on the field in a PPL final in which it's hard to pick favorites, Bhaisaab belts out his sharpest blows in an all-or-nothing crusade to retain his dominion. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 What should I do now? Should I forget that Dhawan was the one who killed Coach Suri? Or should I ignore the fact that... the president of Indian Cricket Board himself fixes the matches? How well did you know Niranjan Suri? Did you know he fixed matches when he played? Yeah. Niranjan Suri destroyed my career, Arvind. He made me fix matches. Thanks to him, I was expelled from the Indian team. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And... thanks to him, I was known as a goalkeeper instead of a genius wicket keeper. But then Niranjan died and I realized that he was a pawn just like me. I promised myself, if I ever come across anyone who's trying to threaten this game we love, the only thing I'm going to do is destroy them. Today, if you, Arvind Vashishth, didn't do anything about it, didn't say anything about it, then you'll have regrets for the rest of your life that you had a chance to change things and you did nothing. And... I'll start believing that this game never was and never will be worthy of my love. And that would be my failure. So what do I do about this information? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The Mavericks' first bowling change after the third over. Captain Vayu hands the ball to Prashant Kanaujia. Prashant is replacing Vishal in the most crucial match of this tournament. It will be considered a very unusual decision. Vishal has bowled very well in most of the matches of this season. Yeah, Atul. And the way Arvind Vashishth ripped Prashant apart in the first match, I don't think Prashant has yet been able to recover from it. And what a sensational ball. Bowled at the speed of 154, it's the fastest ball in this tournament. Prashant seems to be in a perfect rhythm. And another sharp bouncer. Arvind wanted to cut, but missed it. It seems that the last season's Prashant Kanaujia has made a comeback. But one ball is all Arvind needs to turn the game on its head. And that's what has happened. He used Prashant's pace to loft it over the point for four runs. This is called a neck to neck competition. Can Arvind repeat what he did in the first match? Prashant needs to mind the line and length. Absolutely. If he gets carried away by pace, the tables can turn. And he's out. Another short ball, but the change in pace tricked him. Arvind's aggressive game got the better of him. Prashant has ripped apart the backbone of Hurricanes' batting line-up. Next batsman is Parth Kumar. Find him, Kale. Do whatever it takes! Where the hell is Pritish? A few quick wickets for the Mavericks, but Parth and Kamran have stabilized the innings. Yes, but they have to keep going. This tail cannot be counted on. Naga to Kamran. Parth has taken off for a run. Kamran in two minds. Is there a mix-up here? It's gonna be close. He's gone. Parth Kumar is out. Young Parth's inexperience got him. Bat is not touching the ground, and he has to head back to the dugout. Haryana Hurricanes best batsmen are all out now. Now it's time to bring in the American baseball player to the field. Hurricanes are crumbling. They need to put up a score. Listen, you've been in the Mavericks' box for a while. It'll look bad. Doesn't matter now. I need to focus here. In walks Baseball Jack. The Hurricanes' hopes hanging by a thread on this hit-or-miss player. Naga to Jack. An inside edge. Could've easily gone onto the stumps. What's gonna happen now? Jack swings. He's connected well, and... it's a six. He lobs Zuzu over long on for another maximum. He's gonna need many more of these. Look at that bat speed. He's used to pitchers that were hurling at 160 to 170. Haryana well and truly on the road to recovery. Slashed through the covers for four. That's almost a genuine cricketing shot. Another delivery, another maximum. This is a huge over. Jack has ripped Naga apart today. Lofted down the ground and that's a seventh six. Hurricanes well and truly back. Prashant in for the final over. Jack heaves, and that's gone for four. Another sharp delivery from Prashant. Completely confounding Jack. What an amazing comeback by Prashant. He conceded only 20 runs, and took four wickets. And now the last ball of the inning. What do you reckon? Another six would be like an icing on the cake. Prashant to Jack. And Jack lofts it, but fails to connect well, and... out. Catch that. Prashant's fifer. What a commendable comeback. Prashant has proved his mettle and justified his spot in the team in this final match. And kudos to Vayu as well for showing faith in Prashant and including him in the team. 183 is a steep chase in the finals. So, Nikhil, what do you reckon are the Mavericks' chances? I'll give you one statistic, Carl. If Vayu scores more than 35 runs, Mavericks win 88% of the time. So, Vayu's susceptible. I've still done what you asked me for. So this better be worth it. Thanks. I've an update. TJ told Ringo about Vayu's weakness. He was saying, now Ringo can easily get him out. It means we can still bet on the result of the match to make a killing. If Vayu scores more than 35 runs, and then Mavericks loses, then we will make a killing. So, then that's the plan. We go all in and bet on the Mavericks losing right before Vayu gets out. We still need Pritish. To monitor the odds and place the bets. Where is he? I can do it. And that's the Mavericks' line-up for the finals. So, Chetan, the Mavericks' strategy seems rather odd. You are right. Four players have been dropped. TJ being one of them. The Mavericks have not released any statement on these questions. And the Hurricanes had also employed the same strategy in this PPL. Four top players excluded. I don't quite understand what's going on. Vayu, Vayu, Vayu. With TJ not playing and the rest of the line-up not inspiring much confidence, it's Vayu or bust for Mumbai. Bowling, Kami, bowling. Vayu displaying cautious intent there with that defensive shot. He knows he has to be there till the end, if the Mavericks are to win. Rubs the pads. I think it's close. But the umpire not interested in the least. You instructed them well. Remember, until Vayu crosses 35, you are not to signal him out. But if he himself gets out? Yeah, I understand. But try your best to stop him. But once he crosses 35, I need him dismissed anyhow. Okay, I'm counting on you. Okay. Vayu has started his innings very cautiously. Giving full respect to Kamran's ball. Vayu is in no mood to lose his wicket today. What a shot! Another four. Arvind Vashishth is PPL's most experienced captain. Let's see what's Arvind's plan to get Vayu out. Arvind hands the ball to Ringo. He's bowling to Vayu for the first time in this innings. What? Ringo's got the ball and Vayu's just on 28. The odds won't work for us, if he gets out now. Short, wide, loose. Most un-Ringo-like delivery. Dispatched through the covers for four. Interesting. Look at Ringo's grip. It seems he's trying out a new variation, like a knuckle ball or something. A weakness in Vayu they're trying to exploit? Ringo persisting with the slower ones with this new grip. I don't think this is working. Vayu's reading them far too quickly. An easy two. Come on, Vayu, hit it. And he's lofted that over Ringo's head. It's all too easy now. Vayu on 38. I'm going in for the first lot. Wait. Ringo's confidence is shaken. Vayu is in the zone. Give it another ball. Another slower delivery from Ringo. Better control, but Vayu will still take two from it. A quick word of encouragement from Arvind to his bowler. It'd be perfect timing if he could get his wicket now. Fifth ball of the over. Very good bowling by Ringo this time. He finally succeeded in getting the variation he was trying for. Go for it. Bet everything we have on Mavericks losing. Do it, Zarina. Ringo's last ball. Strong appeal. And the umpire signals out. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Vayu appears unhappy and shocked by this decision. Was it an inside edge? Yeah? I don't know what we should do, but whatever we do, we cannot do it without him. Without who? He is the Mavericks' captain. He deserves to know. Here. So, what's the plan? Plan is, you got to change. Plan is that the three of us will go together. All the information it has... you know, places, names, dates, they should all add up. And, Vayu, you and me, we are the Mavericks. So as soon as this gets out, we'll be first to be blamed. So, we don't play the finals, and give all this information to the media? No, we do play. I'm not the same naive Arvind Vashishth I was last year. In fact, you did the smart thing. So we do all of this after the final. One last match. None of the bullshit. Just a proper PPL game. Yeah. No fixing. Pure cricket. May the best man win. This decision can be pretty controversial. It didn't seem like there was any edge on the bat. Did you play the ball, Vayu? Vayu looks disappointed and is returning to the pavilion. Hold on a second. There seems to be some confusion on the ground. Arvind is in discussion with the umpires. Sir, you can't do this. You'll have to withdraw your decision. He's not played the ball, withdraw your decision. I am the captain. I can make that call. What's going on. It looks like Arvind has withdrawn his appeal. -That means, Vayu is not out. -What the hell? Hurricanes' players also look disappointed with Arvind's decision. Well, what an incredible display of sportsmanship that is. This is what cricket is all about. The PPL has often been questioned about vandalizing the gentlemen's game. Not this final. Fair play, we're playing fair here. Come on. Come on, come on. What happened? Vayu has hammered that through deep mid-wicket. Yet another boundary. Pulled away. Gift that keeps giving. This is the batsman we all know. Cyclone Vayu. Here's another stat. When Vayu crosses 80 in a chase, 95 out of 100 times, his team wins the T20s. We need a miracle now. So here we are. 25 needed off the last two overs. And Arvind has given the ball to Devender. Last roll of the dice, Carl. Not much else the Hurricanes can do now. If they can't stop Vayu, the Mavericks won't need a 20th over. First ball... Six! Disaster for the Hurricanes. Vayu has taken that on the full, and smashed it over deep mid-wicket. Vayu has negotiated Devender far too easily in this match. They've played together for the Mavericks for years, and he knows every trick in his book. That sails over extra cover for a boundary. Vayu has smashed this one as well. 13 needed in seven balls now. Vayu. Round the wicket. Devender suddenly going round the wicket. Vayu steps out, but he missed it, and the keeper's appealing for a stumping. How was that? -Has he dragged his leg back in time? -He's not dragged that leg back in. It doesn't look like he has. And he's out! Vayu has to go. Big gun finally falls. Yay. And the Mavericks lose their sixth wicket. Devender Mishra has turned the match on its head with that intentional wide. Look at Vayu. What a lapse of concentration. For once he's not managed to finish the game. Any chance Dwight or the others could spoil it? Half the team hasn't even batted in this tournament. Look at the odds. Hurricanes are outright favorites. Mavericks won't have a chance. Well done. Oh, my goodness. What did Dwight just do there. Absolute hara-kiri. He's been run out. Another wicket. Hurricanes in the driver's seat here. Mavericks 172/7. Hurricanes in form! Haryana will take you by storm! Hurricanes in form! Prashant Kanaujia walks in. He's been sent up the order by Vayu. Very surprised to see Prashant. He's hardly batted in the tournament. Hoping to coast on the confidence of his fifer? Well, all he has to do is give Zuzu the strike. 12 needed off the last over. Ringo has the ball. Here's Prashant's shot at redemption. A chance to go home a hero. First up, slower ball. Prashant shuffles towards leg and hits it over cover. They'll run two. That was smart work by Prashant. But Mavericks still need 10 in five balls. Again, Ringo takes the pace off the ball. And Prashant lofts it towards no man's land. He'll get a single. Nine needed in four balls. Zuzu on strike. He has to find a boundary anyhow. He makes room for himself and tries to scoop it, but cannot connect properly. They'll get another single. Eight needed in three. Looking tougher and tougher for the Mavericks. Prashant Kanaujia, what can he do here? That was fast. A 149 Ks per hour. Ringo mixing them up. Eight needed in two now. Prashant has to hit two boundaries. Or perhaps a six. And he's found the gap. The ball runs past cover, and that'll be four. That'll be four. Prashant's brought the Mavericks right back into the reckoning. One shot is all it took. But he needs one more. So this is it, folks. The last ball of the PPL. Mavericks need four. And Kanaujia connects. But will it go the distance? There's a man beneath it. Devender takes it, but has his leg touched the rope? No. He's safe. And the Hurricanes have taken the PPL. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. What a dream run for a team that's never even qualified for the playoffs. Arvind Vashishth leading the team from the front and taking it home in an epic finale. Well done, guys. I'm so proud of you. I love you. I'm sorry. Get a room, guys. What are you going to do about those two? You know, it's a good thing that I'm going to the sole owner of Mavericks. We won't have such problems in future. Bhaisaab. It's time for the presentation. Hurricanes in form! Haryana will take you by storm! May God be with us! -All hail the high heavens! -Amen! Hey, bring it in, Arvind. I have another good news for you. We've found Dhawan. Let it be, Mr. Handa. It's too late for it now. So what's the plan? There is no plan. What do you mean? Arvind, you've played for 16 years, and you're on top of your game. As for me, I think cricket needs the two of you much more than me. -Moses, come on-- -No, I'm right. You know damn well, I'm right. And I'm the Mavericks' coach. It needed to come from me. What do you mean by "needed"? -Ready? -Yeah. Team ready? Cool. Three, two-- The truth, and nothing else. That was my promise. When I started this news channel, I had promised 135 crore people of this country that this channel, without any fear, without any break, will bring forth the news stories that other news channels are scared to touch. Because today, I can prove to you that the most popular, high profile PPL team, the Mumbai Mavericks is guilty of match fixing and spot fixing on a scale which has never been heard of in cricket. And to prove it, we have an interview which was recorded a couple of hours before the finals with Mr. Moses Alexander, who has shown exemplary courage in stepping forward to expose this story. Sir, thank you so much for coming on India Inquires. Thank you. And you have discovered, as you already told us, hardcore evidence of large scale fixing and betting within the team? Yes, I have. Sir, you need to see this. So, this is what I want you to do. Score a quick 25, and then get out in the last over of the powerplay. So, you're saying that one of the Mavericks' players went and recorded these conversations with this Pritish Chakravarty, -who is an aide of Mr. Yashwardhan Patil? -Yes. Yes, Pritish works very closely with Mr. Patil. It is important that our viewers know that Mr. Patil is already under a CBI investigation for his suspicious dealings... with the Pakistan Board of Cricket in relation to their own T20 league. You should also know that Mr. Pritish Chakravarty is in CBI custody and is being brought back to India as we speak. Hussain sent you, isn't it? The Indian Government sent us. You may start the boarding. I can't believe it. Nor could I. But then Mantra and Moses... Had to be true. You did well, though. Mantra stood by me. Listen... I'm sorry I signaled-- Devender to go round the wicket. I knew it was you. Asshole. You are the asshole. Sorry. Look, I'm... I'm sorry, too. I said a lot of nasty things. I just couldn't get myself to... to forgive... forgive... Pansare Sir. Yeah. But you did the right thing. Maybe you are a bigger person. It's okay, Vayu. I know, I understand. You were just trying to protect me. As always. Yeah. By the way... he left something for us. This key... and this letter. It says... there are answers to our past. Yeah. I'll call you back. The media won't budge. They've been waiting for eight hours. Yeah, Roney, bring the car to the staff entrance. Let's go, Bhaisaab. ICB has betrayed cricket fans everywhere. This PPL must be shut down! Shut it down. Shut it down. Shut it down. Shut it down. This is a scandal. Call it what you will. At the very top levels of the ICB, I can guarantee you that there is no chance that the board... ...will retain Yashwardhan Patil as president. If you were to become ICB president in this election, would you have get the inquiry commission to investigate this matter? Look, whoever be the president, we should think about cricket. We should only do what's in the interest of cricket. So, you'll definitely do it after getting elected? Wait and watch. The state boards that were supporting us, they are also going back on their word. The ones we had paid, they want to return the money, Bhaisaab. And if Pritish decides to spill the beans, what will we do? Manu... Mantra. Sir. Any updates? Sir, when we start using third degree, most prisoners break within four hours. We have been interrogating him for four days, 17 to 18 hours a day. But he continues to stick to his story, Sir, he's taking all the blame. Let's go. I'm curious to know what exactly has your Bhaisaab done for you that you are ready to take the bullet for him. Look, you've no idea what Patil is capable of. I've known him for 30 years. I've seen the likes of you take the fall for him. But... this can change. I'm the Home Minister. Who? Home Minister. I'll stand by you. Don't worry about the money. It's a once in a lifetime opportunity. If you agree, it'll be in your best interest. I did it. Rot here, you motherfucker! Pritish won't break. But Bhaisaab will. Send him in. Come in, Patil. I hope this time you are not upset about being made to wait, huh? By the way, Patil, this boy Pritish is not ready to talk at all. I'm afraid we might have to resort to third degree-- You dare lay a hand on Pritish, Hussain, I'll-- You'll do what? Why are you getting so angry? And that too for just a stooge? Don't worry. He is safe, for now. Have a seat. Come on. I must congratulate you for the way you played this game. You found every chink in my armor. First you attacked my reputation. Then my position. And finally, the PPL. Look, being a politician, I usually don't shy away from taking undue credit, but here is the man responsible for this. Looks like you're hurt. Accident. Sorry to hear that. Thank you for your concern. Well, Patil, Dhawan will tell you about our proposal. I hope you'll do the sensible thing. I've to go to Race Course Road. I have a dinner appointment with madam PM. Good bye. You were always great at selling dreams. You are no less. You made Zarina Malik fix matches for you. You must've sold her some really big dreams. I treated her like a human being. Humanity, compassion, do you know the meaning of these words? Hey. No lecture, please. All right? Look, those days are long gone when I would sit down and listen to your bullshit for hours. "My dream, my vision." I saw right through you. Everything was a power grab. You need power to change things. For better... or for worse. You just can't stop, can you? Last year, you left me to die. But today... you're gone. Election isn't over yet. For you, elections are over. Surrender all your cricket-related assets, companies to us and walk away quietly. And why will I walk away? Because... and I'm quite sure about this, you really love your daughter. The sound of hot blood cooling down. I love it. I knew Pritish wasn't gonna break, I'm not stupid. But if he weren't in CBI custody, you wouldn't be here. And if you didn't come... I wouldn't have been able to show you these files, Bhaisaab. Look, all these accounts are in your darling daughter's name. And, of course, she's the owner of the Mavericks. Before the match, money goes out of these accounts. And after the match, the money finds its way back into these very accounts along with the winnings. Now, all I have to do is... give these files to the CBI. And then, jail. And jail... Anyways... As for you, Bhaisaab, your name will be erased from cricket's history. And what was the point of all this? It's to find your name in the history books, right? So do the right thing, Bhaisaab. Walk away. Go to the election meeting tomorrow and tell them that it's enough, you're done. For your good, and your daughter's. And, of course, for the good of the game. Goddamn it! It's a big day for the ICB as it votes for its new leadership. After the recent scandal that hit the PPL, Mr. Yashwardhan Patil is expected to step down from the board, and Mr. Basu will be voted in, unopposed, as the next president. We've had no comment from Mr. Patil all week, but he's obliged to make a statement today to the state boards. We hope it addresses the outrage his actions have brought to the game, its fans, and the country. Goodbye, Yashwardhan Patil, and no thank you for your service. Prithpal, how are you doing? I'm fine. If the Board's reputation is tarnished, the popularity of the sport-- History is witness to the fact that the mismanagement of sporting bodies have led to the death of the sport itself. Take hockey, for example. Do we want cricket to go the same way? Do we? So, gentlemen, you take the call. Thank you. I understand how hard it is to step away from this election. But... this is in the best interest of cricket and you. I want to thank you for your loyalty. But you don't need to shoulder the blame anymore. I've made my decision. The doorman outside this door, Mr. Prithpal, will retire next month. He's served ICB with his unwavering loyalty and devotion for the last 28 years. I remember that he started with a meagre salary of 150 rupees. And I'm proud to say that today ICB is able to pay him a salary of 30,000 rupees a month and he'll retire with provident fund and pension. Today, I'm not here to regale you with stories of my devotion and love for cricket. Nor am I here to share the details of my 35-year-long term with Mumbai Cricket and ICB. And I'm not here to ask for your vote either. Whatever be my contribution towards ICB and cricket, but I do deserve to be punished for the lapses that happened during my tenure. A little while back, in a recorded statement, Pritish Chakravarty told CBI that... the main culprits of spot-fixing, illegal betting, and manipulation in the Mumbai Mavericks are none other than the Mavericks' owners. On this basis, I have requested the CBI to take Zarina Malik and... and Mantra Patil into custody at the earliest. I'm Zindaani, and no one can defeat Zindaani. Come on. Stop the shoot, stop it. -Hey. Silence. Silence. -What's going on here? What's going on? Come on, everybody, come this side. Come on. What's happening, Mr. Bhatia? -Nothing. -Tell me, what's going on? Ma'am. Ma'am. Ma'am. Ma'am. Ma'am, your comments, please. Who else is involved in this? ICB's special independent committee will investigate all these charges. And finally, the final order of my term is that Mumbai Mavericks be suspended from PPL for the next two seasons. In a surprising turn of events just now, Mr. Yashwardhan Patil has been re-elected as the president of the ICB by an overwhelming margin. And the Mumbai Mavericks have been suspended for two years for match-fixing. Mr. Patil, himself, furnished evidence against the team's co-owners, Zarina Malik, and his own daughter, Mantra Patil. Fuck. I told you, it's a crime for the Mavericks to lose. You okay? Wait here, I'll be back soon. Zarina, welcome aboard. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 