Jeeves and Wooster: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Jeeves and Wooster 
 s2e4 - Chuffy (or, Jeeves in the Country) - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Jeeves and Wooster (1990–1993): Season 2, Episode 4 - Chuffy (or, Jeeves in the Country) - full transcript 
 Jeeves gives notice when Bertie plans to continue his less-than-inspired horn playing during a country vacation. Chuffy rents Bertie a country cottage and hires Jeeves as his new gentleman's gentleman. Chuffy is in love with an American heiress and distressed when he discovers she was once engaged to Bertie. A massive blowup leaves Chuffy and family not speaking to the Americans. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (Discordant trombone) (Noise continues) (Trombone continues) - You know the trouble with a trombone? - Sir? After half an hour, one's lips get incredibly numb. Might it be wiser not to persist with the instrument, sir? Oh, nonsense, Jeeves. l am only concerned with your health, sir. The numbness of which you speak may be a symptom of some deeper malady brought on by overexertion of the labial and maxillary muscles. - My Uncle Ernest... - Never mind your Uncle Ernest. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We Woosters have soldiered on with much worse than numb lips. l am sure that is so, sir. (Doorbell) - Mr Mangelhoffer, sir. - (German accent) Good morning. Ah, good morning, Mr Mangelhoffer. Not behind with the rent, are we? No, Mr Wooster, but l'm sorry to say l had several complaints from tenants. - Complaints? What about? - Zat, Mr Wooster. - This? - Colonel Bustard in 5B keeps asking me if zis is what he fought for. And Sir Everard and Lady Blennerhassett say zey are driven to distraction by the infernal din. - Did you say, ''infernal din''? - l did. Well, let me tell you, Mr Mangelhoffer, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 that the man that hath no music in himself is fit for... Hang on a minute. What did Shakespeare say that the man that hadn't music in himself was fit for? - Treasons, stratagems and spoils, sir. - (Whispers) Treasons, stratagems and spoils. - What? - That's what he's fit for. The man that hath no music in himself. Mr Wooster...l vill speak plainly. Either you cease playing zat instrument or you must leave. Jeeves, unpleasantness has reared its ugly head in the W1 postal district. - Indeed, sir? - Also an absence of neighbourly spirit. Complaints have been Iodged about my trombone. - Good heavens, sir! - Either l chuck playing it or leave. Very well, then. We shall be well rid of these Bustards and Blennerhassetts. - l shall leave them without a pang. - You are proposing to move, sir? lt is my intention to retire to the depths of the country for the summer. There, in some old-world sequestered nook, l shall find a cottage and resume my studies. ln that case, sir, l fear l must give my notice. Jeeves, did l hear you correctly? Yes, sir. You would consider Ieaving my entourage? Only with the greatest reluctance, sir. But if it is your intention to continue with that instrument within the confines of a country cottage... Jeeves, you say, ''that instrument'' in an unpleasant, soupy voice. Do you dislike the trombone? lt has been said, sir, that the trombone is not an instrument for a gentlemen. l rue the day when you first saw Ben Bloom And His Sixteen Baltimore Buddies at the Alhambra Theatre. l see. And you are resolved to leave if l continue to play it? Yes, sir. Well, then. Leave, dash it. Very good, sir. - l know you own most of Devon, Chuffy. - Not for long, l hope. Chuffnell Hall is up for sale. Good Lord. The old homestead? But why? l'm broke, Bertie. Completely and utterly bought and sold and done for. Came up third-class this morning. Good Lord. But you still own the village? - Yes, costs me a fortune. - The reason l ask, Chuffy is l want to take a cottage in the country. Can you let me have one? - l can give you a choice of half a dozen. - That's wonde_ul. We'll be able to see each other. l could toodle over for lunch most days. Yes. Thanks. What does Jeeves say? Shouldn't have thought he wanted to leave London. Jeeves has nothing to say on this or any subject. We have parted brass rags. What? From now on he will take the high road and l the other one. He told me that if l didn't give up my trombone, he would resign. Well, l accepted his portfolio. - Well, well, well. - You can push a Wooster just so far. ''Very good, Jeeves,'' l said. ''l shall watch your career with interest.'' - And that was that. - Well, well, well. Good Lord, look at the time. Got to see my bank manager at four o'clock. Erm... Any objection to my looking in on Jeeves on the way, just to say goodbye? No, none whatever. Just follow the green line. lt's a bad time of year for valets, Mr Wooster. - Really? - Ah. Duxbury. Oh, no. - Must be musical, you said. - Hmm. Duxbury left Lord Belsted's employ when his Lordship got a kazoo from a Christmas cracker. The tootling was unbearable, he said. Perhaps something has come in this morning. Yes, Mr Henberry? Mr Wooster requires a new valet, Miss Daly. Has anything recently come in? No, Mr Henberry. l'm sorry. (Whispers) There is Mr Brinkley, of course. Brinkley. Of course. Mr Wooster, you're in luck. Oh, good. (Doorbell) l'm Brinkley, the new valet. Mr Wooster likes to be wakened at ten with tea. Hmm. l'm sure he does. Darjeeling in the mornings. Earl Grey should he be at home in the afternoon. Oh, dear, oh, dear. Evening wear, formal. Evening wear, informal. Tweed jackets. Got enough clothes, hasn't he? Very nearly. Mr Wooster is most particular that they be kept pressed, clean and mended - at all times. - l'm not a machine, you know. l hope he realises that. l was just about to depart, Mr Wooster. Oh. Ah, right. Your new man is here, sir. l have been explaining his duties to him. Excellent. Good. Erm, all right, is he, Jeeves? l think you may be surprised, sir. Mr Brinkley! Well, this is a sad day, Jeeves. lndeed, it is, sir. We shall meet at Philippi, l dare say. No doubt, sir. Ah, here is your new man, sir. What ho, Brinkley. So, do you think we're going to get along? l dunno yet. l will say goodbye now, sir. Right, well, goodbye, Jeeves. So, Jeeves has shown you everything? - l told him l'm not a machine, you know. - Machine? Er, well, no, l didn't imagine... We shall be going down to Devon for a couple of weeks this afternoon. - l hope that meets with your approval. - Don't have any say, do l? Yes, yes, l see what you mean. - Let's get packed and hie us thither. - (Tutting) (Tuneless trombone) (Honk) (Honk) Oi! - Who are you? - Seabury Pongleton. My uncles says you're to come to lunch. - Oh, and who is your uncle? - Uncle Chuffy. Oh, Chuffy! Well, well. Er, shall we be lunching alone? No, there's Mother and me and some American people. - Perhaps l'd better go and put on a suit. - No. - So you think l look all right? - No, you look rotten, but there isn't time. Can you give me five shillings? - What do you mean, five shillings? - l mean, five shillings. Yes, but l want to know how we got on to the subject. We were having a nice, quiet drive and you go and introduce this five-shillings motif. l want five shillings. - For protection. - What? You won't get five shillings out of me. - Hello, Bertie. - What ho, Chuffy. Your nephew may have gone off his rocker, Chuffy. He's been trying to touch me for five bob and babbling on about protection. He's been watching gangster films. Collects protection money. - What is today's youth coming to? - (Door closing) Here's his mother. My sister, Myrtle Pongleton. Myrtle, this is Bertie Wooster. Seabury wanted five bob off him. Oh, he means well, Mr Wooster. He only takes from each according to his means. (Myrtle) Chuffy's found an American he thinks he can sell the hall to. He's also terribly in love with his beautiful daughter. Oh, never mind about that. All l've got to do is get his signature on the dotted line. And that's what this lunch is for, soften him up. He wants to turn it into a hotel. - It'll take millions, won't it? - Well, that's what old Stoker's got. - Stoker? - Hello, hello, hello. - What a dump! - That's enough of that, boy. Hello, Mr Stoker. Dwight. Miss Stoker. You know my sister, Mrs Pongleton. And this is my friend, Bertie Wooster. Wooster! Well, well, well! Old Colonel Wooster in person! Oh, well, you know... Well, sir, this has certainly made my day, you little blob of sunshine. - Isn't he looking lovely, Father? - Come away from that man. That man is bad news. (Myrtle) Let's all go into the house. Come along, Dwight. l want you to meet Seabury. You're going to be such pals. This way, Mr Stoker. Seabury! l didn't know you knew these people. Yes, l met them in New York, just casually. l thought Pauline's manner was rather odd. Really? Well, that's the American way, you know. l mean, she behaved as if you were great friends. No, no, no. She gets on like that with everyone. Big-hearted. Well, she does have a delightful, generous spontaneous, impulsive sort of nature. - Absolutely, yes. - And, erm, beautiful, too. ls she?! Is she really? Well, l hadn't noticed, Chuffy. l think it might be best if l didn't join the throng. Got a bit of a headache. - Are you sure? - Mmm. - Well, l'd better go in. - Right. You must have been surprised to see us, Bertie. What? Oh, yes, yes. More surprised than pleased, eh? No. No, not at all. One is tickled pink to see you but l can't deny that when it comes to seeing your father... Oh, he's convinced l'm still pining for you. You don't mean that? He thinks he's parted the young lovers and has got to exercise vigilance to keep them from getting together, little knowing you were never happier than when you got my letter. Oh, dash it really. l always esteemed you most highly. There's just about 200 acres, if you don't include the village. Enough for a golf course, tennis courts, swimming pool. Oh, yes! l've got three like this at home. Give me five shillings. - Why should l give you five shillings? - Protection. Tell me about Marmaduke. - Marmaduke? l don't think l know him. - Lord Chuffnell, idiot! - Marmaduke. (Scoffs) - It's a beautiful name. Hello, hello, hello, hello! What do you mean? Well, no-one would say that Marmaduke was a beautiful name without reason. All right. Less of the Sherlock stuff. l'm not trying to hide anything. Uh-huh. And you love this... excuse me...this Marmaduke? l'm dippy about him, Bertie. Don't you just worship the way his hair sort of fluffs up at the back? l have better things to do than go about staring at the back of Chuffy's head! The front's bad enough. However, be prepared for tidings of great joy. l'm a pretty close observer and a certain bulbous look in his eyes when you were mentioned recently convinces me he is dippy about you, too. l know that, you chump! Do you think a girl can't tell? He's obviously crazy about me, but not a yip from him. l sometimes feel that he was a king in Babylon when l was a Christian slave. Really? Well, you know best of course. - Doubtful, l would have said. - You're a friend of his. You could give him a hint. Tell him there's no need for cold feet. lt is not cold feet. lt is a matter of delicacy. We men have our code in these matters. lt ill beseems us to make a beeline for a girl like a man charging into a railway restaurant for a bowl of soup. What nonsense! You asked me to marry you after two weeks. Ah, but there you were dealing with one of the wild Woosters. - It reminded me... - (Jeeves) Excuse me. Yes, Jeeves, what is it? Jeeves? You've come back! Yes, well, Jeeves, er... you acted rashly, but l shan't hold it against you. - The new man Brinkley is not ideal. - l beg your pardon, sir. l came to tell you that luncheon is served and to say that Mr Stoker was enquiring about Miss Stoker's whereabouts. - Oh, Lord. - Yes, but... l am here in the capacity of Lord Chuffnell's personal gentleman, sir. You... You mean? l... You're working for Chuffy? Yes, sir. His Lordship engaged me after you had informed him of my availability. Good Lord, Jeeves. A bit quick off the mark. His Lordship was kind enough to say that a good man is hard to find, sir. That's true, God knows. Look, l better push along before my father starts getting suspicious. Don't forget, a little hint in a certain person's ear? The matter shall receive my promptest attention. (Stoker) l wonder where that girl got to. You don't suppose she's with that Wooster, do you? Oh! Bertie? No, no, shouldn't think so. Oh, he's gone. Asked me to apologise. - Erm, did she know him in New York? - Yeah. - She only got herself engaged to him. - (Cough) And if l ever see that degenerate hanging around her again, l will not be responsible for my actions! You agree that something must be done about the fifth baron, l take it. - l beg your pardon, sir. - Oh, come, come, Jeeves. You know what l mean. He's potty about her. l am aware that his Lordship is experiencing a sentiment deeper and warmer than ordinary friendship for her. Yes, and she has confessed to being dippy about him. But she's upset, the poor fish. She detects the love light in his eye, but he doesn't do anything about it. - A not uncommon dilemma, sir. - What's it all about, Jeeves? He loves her, she loves him, so what's the snag? His Lordship is a gentleman of scruples sir. He feels that, being of straitened means himself, he has not the right to propose to a young lady as wealthy as Miss Stoker. Oh, l see. So unless old man Stoker buys the hall, poor old Chuffy will continue to be kid Lazarus, the man without a bean. And yet why? Plenty of bust blokes have married oofy girls. His Lordship is a gentleman who feels strongly on this particular point, sir. There's only one thing for it. Chuffy must be shoved over the brink. - l do not quite follow you, sir. - He needs a jolt. lf he thought there was a danger of some other bloke scooping her up, wouldn't that make him forget his silly ideas and charge ahead, breathing fire through the nostrils? Jealousy is undoubtedly a powe_ul motivating energy, sir. Do you know what l'm going to do, Jeeves? - No, sir. - l'm going to kiss Miss Stoker. And take care that Chuffy sees me do it. - Really, sir, l could not... - l have it all taped out. After lunch, l shall draw Miss Stoker aside into the seat in the shrubbery. You will arrange for Chuffy to follow. When l see the whites of his eyes, l shall fold her in an embrace. lf that doesn't work, nothing will. l consider that you would be taking a decided risk, sir. His Lordship is in a highly emotional state. No, Jeeves, l desire no further discussion. At 2:30, inform Miss Stoker that l would like a word with her in the shrubbery. At 2:31 , inform Lord Chuffnell that she would like a word with him. The rest, you can leave to me. Very good, sir. (Laughter) And the propeller's going to take about a week to repair, so it looks like we're going to be stuck in the little harbour. What a damn nuisance for you. Tell you what. Come on out to the Gypsy Queen and l'll show you around. Oh, your yacht? That would be very nice. - l bet you've never been on a yacht. - l have. l've been on trillions! Hey, Dwight! ls that a way to behave? - Give me five shillings! - l won't give you five shillings! Don't run, Seabury, dear. You might hurt yourself. (lnaudible) - Jeeves said you wanted to talk to me. - Quite. Er, let's sit on the bench, old thing. Er, right. Er... That fellow Jeeves, does he come with the house? l'd sure like a fellow like that to look after me. - You haven't agreed on the house yet. - Sure we have. You got yourself a deal. - You're going to buy it? - Absolutely. Where's Pauline? l don't know. You sure that Wooster fellow has left? Absolutely. Pardon me, your Lordship, but Miss Stoker was asking for you. - She's in the shrubbery. - l'll go. - It was Lord Chuffnell she asked for, sir. - Oh, nonsense! Of course she'll wanna see her old daddy. Erm... dashed funny thing, love. Did you bring me all the way out here to tell me that? Er, well...no. Erm... Why did that child demand ten shillings from me? Oh, l wouldn't worry about that. Right, this is it. Oh, what are you doing? - Bertie! - (Stoker) Wooster! Agghh! What in Hades do you think you're doing? l think he's got a touch of the sun. He'll have a touch of my boot if he starts all this again. - Look, l can explain. - Pauline, go back to the house. Er, you come, too, Daddy. Let me tell you, Wooster, one more stunt like this and you'll find yourself in need of serious repairs! - Look, l wouldn't dream of... - Enough, l say. - No, all l was trying to do... - Quiet! Right. So, all in all, not the most successful of Bertram's stratagems. - How do you mean? - Well, it er... - It didn't...work. - Here he is now anyway. - Stoker? - No, your so-called Lord Chuffnell. - l'm off. - (Banging on door) Ah, Chuffy. Enter, old sport. Hello, Bertie. Oh. Something amiss, Chuffy? Why didn't you tell me you'd been engaged to Pauline Stoker? What? Oh, now, look here, Chuffy... The whole thing didn't last more than 48 hours from kickoff to final whistle and since then, absolutely nothing. - There's nothing between you now? - Nothing whatever. So, charge in, old man. - The girl's absolutely potty about you. - Who told you that? Well, she did. - And she really does love me? - Passionately, l gather. Oh. Well... Well, l'm sorry if l seemed a bit rattled for a moment. You see, when a chap's just about to get engaged to a girl, it's rather a jar to find she was engaged to someone else a few months before. - So you've proposed to her, then? - Not yet. - But l'm going to. - And what about the oof situation? - The what? - The oof. The dibs. The doh-ray-me. - The happy cabbage. The oil of palms. - Yes, l do speak English. lt's all right. Stoker's agreed to buy the hall! Really? Oh, well, Chuffy, that is good news. (Chuffy) l'll pop the question tomorrow. - We've been invited out to the yacht. - Wonde_ul. l hope you'll be very happy. Pauline's the lightest girl l've ever been engaged to. l wish you'd stop harping on about that engagement. Never lose sight of the fact that the betrothal only lasted two days, during both of which l was in bed with a nasty cold. She must have had a wonde_ul time. What on earth made her accept you? l once consulted a knowledgeable pal. He said that the sight of me hanging around like a loony ship awoke the maternal instinct in woman. There may be something in this. l'd like to propose a toast. Ladies and gentlemen, to the Chuffnell Hall Hotel. Chuffnell Hall Hotel. This is just my room. There's loads more. My uncle gave me a horse for Christmas. We had a dance once, in the main saloon. It's so big. - Thousands of people dancing. - Give me five shillings. (Crashing and banging) What in Hades was that? (Boys shouting below) Stop it! Dwight! - You horrible little boy! - Hey! (Punch) Give us a kissie. (Judy) A kissie? All right. Brrrrr! - That was right on the end of my nose! - (Punch gurgles with laughter) You bend over. That's the way to do it! (Judy) Ooh, bye-bye. (Punch) Bye-bye. 'At's the way... (Ghost) Boo! (Punch) Oh, dozy boo! A boo-ey, boo-ey, boo-ey! (Ghost) A boney, boney, boney. - Oh! - Aw, dear. A boo-die, boo-die, boo-die, boo. You boodie, boodie. Boo! Ha-ha ha. # That's the way to do it! # l say, Jeeves. - Good afternoon, sir. - Is, er... something amiss? The Chuffnells look like a French army who've just got to Moscow and discovered it's early-closing day. The simile is an apt one, sir. Go straight to your room and stay there, you horrible little child! - But he was only... - To your room! Upon witnessing the position of affairs, Mrs Pongleton uttered a sharp cry and struck Master Dwight with considerable force on the right ear, sir. - Upon which, of course... - Precisely, sir. Mr Stoker, espousing the cause of his son aimed a powe_ul kick at Master Seabury. - Oh, Jeeves, tell me he got him. - Yes, sir. - Oh, Jeeves. Have a prawn. - Thank you. No, sir. A heated altercation then broke out between Mrs Pongleton and Mr Stoker. She called on Lord Chuffnell for support and he proceeded to take Mr Stoker to task for the assault. - And then? - (Clears throat) High words ensued, sir. The upshot being that Mr Stoker, with considerable warmth informed Lord Chuffnell that if he supposed that he, Mr Stoker intended to purchase Chuffnell Hall after what had occurred, he was in error. - Upon this... - Get it over, Jeeves. - l can see what's coming. - Yes, sir. l agree that the affair has the dark inevitability of Greek tragedy. His Lordship, l regret to say, became somewhat unguarded in his speech. - He ticked Stoker off. - With considerable vigour, sir, stating in an extremely candid manner his opinion of the latter's character, commercial probity and even appearance. Aah, that must have put the lid on it. lt did create a coolness, sir. Before this happened, had Chuffy said anything to Stoker about marrying Miss Stoker? - No, sir. - He'd have to do it by stealth now. Even that will prove a little difficult. Mr Stoker announced that he was not permitting Miss Pauline to go ashore. l thought he didn't know about the engagement. Mr Stoker's motive in immuring Miss Stoker on the vessel is not to prevent her encountering his Lordship... His exact words were, ''She's not getting kissed by her imbecile friend again.'' (Sighing) Meaning me? - It seems likely, sir. - He said all this to Chuffy, you say? - Yes, sir. - About this imbecile friend? Er, yes, sir. Lord Chuffnell appeared somewhat put out by the information. Oh. What did he say? He mentioned something about scooping out your insides, sir. (Sighing) What do you advise, Jeeves? l can only suggest that should His Lordship tax you with the matter, try to persuade him that you embraced Miss Stoker in a purely brotherly spirit. Brotherly... brotherly, yes. - Here, where is he? - Who? - Your master! - Master? l am going to kick him from here to Nemon Ferrers and back again. - Do what you like. l haven't seen him. - Huh! - (Door slamming) - Oh, dear. - Good afternoon, my Lord. - You haven't seen a rather... Ah! There he is. Ah, Chuffy, old man. - Skulking in here, eh? - Skulking, old chap? No, far from it. Oh, Jeeves told me all. Too bad, too bad. l little thought when l bestowed a brotherly kiss on Pauline Stoker - at the news of your engagement... - We weren't engaged then. No, no, quite. l'm aware of that, Chuffy. Your putative engagement, l meant. No, l hadn't thought of what trouble would come along. What do you mean, brotherly? Well...brotherly. Well, Stoker didn't think it was brotherly. We all know what sort of mind Stoker's got. Had you been there, you'd have seen exactly how brotherly it was and given it the Chuffnell seal of approval, l'm sure. Well...all right. But, in future, a little less of this fraternal stuff. Just so. Don't want to feel when l'm married, that l might come into the room and find a brother-and-sister act in progress. You still intend to marry this Pauline, then? Well, of course l intend to marry her. But what about the Chuffnell scruples? lf old Stoker doesn't buy the hall, aren't you back in the same position as before, not able to marry the oofy girl for lack of mazuma? No, that's all changed. l was a fool. What does money matter? l mean...love's love. Well, you never spoke a truer word, old sport. No, if l were you, l'd write her a letter, embodying those views - just so that she knows what the SP is. - Bertie, l will. What's more, Jeeves will take it to her, thus removing any chance of old Stoker intercepting it. How will Jeeves get it to her? Stoker wants to employ Jeeves. Jeeves shall go to him. Oh, l see. You mean... operating under the Stoker banner, Jeeves can come and go as he pleases. Exactly. This certainly has put the butter on the spinach. l shall go and tell Jeeves at once. l suppose she really does love me. Oh, dash it, old chap. Didn't she say so? lt just seems so dashed odd, her letting you kiss her. Ah, but she... she naturally divined that the embrace was purely brotherly. Yes. Yes! Brotherly. Yes, of course. (Clock chiming the hour) - (Door opening) - Ah, there you are, Jeeves. Ready for the off? l've nearly finished the letter. l've stuck more or less to what you suggested. More or less, sir? Well, some of it was a bit too... oh, l don't know... soppy. You'll pardon me for saying so, sir, but soppiness is at the very heart of the successful love letter. Without sufficient soppiness, the communication may be laid aside by the recipient to be read at some future date, together with the gas bills, sir. All l left out was that bit about her name being twined round my heart like roses round a cottage door. Oh, pity, sir. An old favourite perhaps, but it still has the capacity to move, given the appropriate march of events. - l just couldn't bring myself to it, Jeeves. - Very good, sir. And, er... l hope you'll be very happy in your new employment. Thank you, sir. What time do you want dinner, then? Dinner? About 8:30, l should think. Thank you, Brinkley. - Right. - Oh, light the lamp for me, will you? What? That thing? Well, l suppose so. l'm used to the electric, you know. Brinkley, there's a curious smell. Smell? Ah, that's your meat pie. Ah. Er, Brinkley, look... There's been a slight change of plan. - l've just remembered my uncle's unwell. - What uncle? What? Erm... Reginald, if you must know. - Erm... so l think l'll just... - What about your pie? Oh, haven't got time for that. Er, you help yourself. l'm not eating that. Ahoy, there, Gypsy Queen. (Stoker) Who's there? lt's Jeeves, sir. Permission to come aboard. Oh, come aboard, Jeeves. So, tired of these English aristocrats, eh, Jeeves? - l wouldn't put it quite like that, sir. - Galley. You got class. You know that? Good of you to say so, sir. - Who is it, Daddy? - Guess what, honey. - Jeeves has come to work for us. - Good evening, miss. - Both breasts, sir? - And the legs. (Jeeves.) Oh, it's a wonde_ul letter, Jeeves. l'm glad you enjoyed it, miss. l didn't know Marmaduke had it in him. What am l going to do, Jeeves? Daddy won't let me go ashore. lf l might make a suggestion, miss... (Splashing) (Crunch of glass) Ahh! - What are you doing here? - Hello, Bertie. But you're... You're in my heliotrope pyjamas. l know. - Well, they suit you, l must say. - Thank you. - What on earth is this? - It's my swimsuit. - You swam ashore from the yacht? - Yes. - Why? - You ought to be in some sort of home. l am. My own. What l want to know is what on Earth are you doing here. What on earth did you want to kiss me for in front of Father? - l thought he was Chuffy. - Marmaduke? The idea was to let Chuffy observe and get him keyed up to propose to you. You know, there's a sort of woolly-headed duckiness about you. lf l wasn't so crazy about Marmaduke, l could easily marry you. No, no. No, no. Don't even dream of it. lt's all right. l'm going to marry Marmaduke. Ah, well, now we come right back to it. You swim ashore from the yacht, why? You break a window and dump yourself in my little home, why? Cos l wanted some way to lie low till l could get close, of course. - l can't go to the hall in a swimsuit. - You came ashore to get to Chuffy? Your man Jeeves said you'd be delighted to help. - Oh, he did, did he? - Bertie, you sound annoyed. Well, l am annoyed. A reputable boulevardier like myself, whose licence has never so much as been endorsed, can scarcely be blamed for looking askance at girls in heliotrope pyjamas. You're making a fuss about nothing. All l wanted... (Banging) - What was that? - It's Chuffy. - It's Father. - Well... well, hide. Best go downstairs. They'll have seen the light. Seen the light... (Banging continues) lf it's my father, be careful. What do you mean be careful? No, it's all right. He probably won't have a gun. Go on! (Banging continues) - Hello? Yes? - It's Sergeant Voules, sir. Er... frightfully sorry to keep you so long. l was just...thinking of this and that. Sort of reverie, if you know what l mean. Are you aware, sir, there's a window broke? Constable Dobson here spotted it and thought he'd best wake me up to investigate. Oh, the broken window. Yes, yes. l know about that. Probably, sir, a danger of marauders getting through. l thought l saw a marauder get through, Uncle Ted. What? You young muttonhead, why didn't you tell me before? l think we'd best search the house, sir. Oh, no, no, Sergeant, quite out of the question. Oh, well, please yourself, sir. That is shackling the police in their duty. That's what you're doing. - Shackling us. - The marauders are probably lurking. l give you my word. There are no marauders. l'm sorry. Come, Dennis. He's being obdurate. - Who was it? - The constabulary. - Apparently they saw you getting in. - What a lot of trouble l'm giving you. No, no. Only too pleased. l'd better be pushing along, then. - l'm going to sleep in the potting shed. - Isn't there a sofa downstairs? There is. He brought it ashore on Mount Ararat. No, l'll be better off in the potting shed. Don't worry. We Woosters can rough it when it comes to giving two fond hearts a leg up. Jeeves, Miss Pauline's gone. - Gone, sir? - She's not in her room. - She's not anywhere. - Good heavens, sir. You don't think that she could have gone ashore to see that Mr Wooster, sir. Wooster! Of course. l knew it. Perhaps we should go ashore to search for her, sir. Good idea, Jeeves. Come on. (Snores) We thought he was talking strange, my Lord. He said he'd been in a reverie. Then Constable Dobson sees him going into the potting shed. We know he's a friend of yours, my Lord. We thought we'd best let you know. What? What? What? lt's all right. It's me. Sergeant Voules is worried about you. - Brought me along to have a look. - Well, Sergeant Voules is an ass. (Voules) Begging your pardon, sir, l thought you was acting peculiar. You must admit, it is a bit peculiar. Sleeping out here, l mean. Ah, yes, well, there was a spider in my bedroom. A spider, eh? Pink? No, well, pinkish, with stripes. lt's all right. He's simply as tight as an owl. We'd better get him to bed. No, no, no, no. lt's all right, Bertie. We understand. Sergeant Voules and l will come up with you and kill the nasty old spider. (Boing) Come on! - What happened? - l think you tripped and fell, sir. No, no, no, Chuffy! Don't open that door. l know, Bertie. l know. You'll soon be in beddy-byes now. No, no. No, l... Please, no. Ah... - Oh, right. - Right, sir, into beddy-byes. Yes. There, sir, that's killed the beastly spider. l'm arresting you, my lad, on suspicion of being a marauder. - My lad? - None of that now. l work here. This is my home. - Oh, God. - Quick! Come out! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! (Sniffs) The room downstairs is on fire. Come on! - l'm coming, my lord. - Come on, sergeant. Dennis, if you're down there, fetch the fire brigade! What in Hades is that? lt appears to be a conflagration, sir. Holy Moses. Come on, Jeeves. - What's going on? - It was him, the marauder. - He knocked the lamp over. - Look! Help! Somebody help! - That's my daughter! - You swine! - You devil! - Ow! (Chuffy) Pauline, darling! l'm coming, darling! Hold on! Hurry! Arms round my neck. That's it. Hold tight. (Bell rings) (Horn toots) (Shouting) Oh. l blame you for this, Jeeves. With respect, l merely intended Mr Stoker to discover his daughter at your cottage. So strongly does he disapprove of you that l expected him to look more kindly on Miss Stoker's engagement to Lord Chuffnell. The fact that His Lordship should also discover her here, and in mortal peril, was, as the Americans say, ''pure gravy.'' Well done, sir. Good morning, sir. - Ow, Jeeves. - Your tea, sir. Oh, thank you, Jeeves. - What sort of a day is it? - Warm, sir. A slight breeze from the southeast and some high cirrocumulus to the west. (Clears throat) l've taken the liberty of preparing the car for the journey, sir. Will you drive, or shall l? Drive, Jeeves? Journey? To London, sir. Wait a minute. Are you back with me, Jeeves? lf that's agreeable to you, sir, yes. , Neither Mr Stoker, nor Lord Chuffnell feel themselves quite able to measure up to the required standard. Well, well, well, well, well. London, eh? The Drones for lunch, dinner at Quags. lndeed, sir. l imagine that you will not be requiring this, sir. Oh, Jeeves, what might have been. - No, sir. - No. You're quite right. Well, lead on, Jeeves. You can drive. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 