Jeeves and Wooster: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Jeeves and Wooster 
 s1e1 - In Court After the Boat Race (or, Jeeves' Arrival) - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Jeeves and Wooster (1990–1993): Season 1, Episode 1 - In Court After the Boat Race (or, Jeeves' Arrival) - full transcript 
 Bertram Wilberforce "Bertie" Wooster returns home with a hangover when a valet named Jeeves rings the doorbell. He fixes Bertie his special hangover cure, and when it proves effective Jeeves is immediately engaged. Bertie has lunch with his aunt Agatha - "the nephew crusher" - at which she announces he must marry, and that the suitable candidate is Honoria Glossop. Bertie has no intention of marrying anyone, and discovers that Bingo Little is in love with Honoria. He hatches a brilliant plan to get Honoria out of his hands and in to Bingo's... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This is one of the most shameful cases ever to come before this bench. ln all my years as a magistrate l have seldom heard a tale of such heinous iniquity. - l...l... - Be quiet! This parasite can think of no better way to end an evening's hooliganism on the night of the University Boat Race Can our seats of learning produce barbarians so lost to decency that their highest ambition is to steal 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 a hard-working police constable's helmet and make off with it? - Uh... - l find you guilty as charged, Bertram Wilberforce Wooster, and have no alternative but to fine you the sum of five pounds. Ah! No buts, Wooster. Ah! Ho... No ifs. Take him away. - Ah... - Away, l say! We're 'ere, guv! Three bob. Morning, Mr Wooster. Thank you. - (Doorbell) - Uh! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (Doorbell) (Muffled groan) (Persistent ringing) (Ringing continues) l was sent by the agency, sir. l was given to understand that you required a valet. l... Very good, sir. Uh... Mm. Late night last night, sir? - l... - Mm-hm. (Stirring) lf you would drink this, sir. lt's a preparation of my own invention. Gentlemen have told me they find it invigorating after a late evening. l say! l... l say! You're engaged! Thank you, sir. My name is Jeeves. l say, Jeeves, what an extraordinary talent! - Thank you, sir. - Could one enquire what... - l'm sorry, sir. - No, no, of course not. l'm not at liberty to divulge the ingredients, sir. No, of course. Secrets of the Guild and all that. - Precisely, sir. - Mm Ha! # 47 ginger-headed sailors # Coming home across the briny sea # Oh, erm, l say! l say, hello! Hello! l want to get in. You'll have to come this way, l'm afraid. We can't shift him. Oh. l was hoping to have a snifter before lunch. - Sound idea! - Anyone in the bar? - Barmy Fotheringay Phipps! - ls he? Oofy Simpson and Freddie Chalk-Marshall. - The Wooster twins, of course. - What, Eustace and Claude? - You know them? - They're my cousins. - You must be Bertie Wooster. - l am! - l'm Rainsby. - How do you do? You'd better come in. Well, novel, that! lt's not right, Mr Wooster. l'm the one the committee's going to blame for this, you know. They can't abide mooses, they can't. Oh, l think it adds a certain whatsit. (Sniffs) - Come on, Rogers, do give me a hand. - Oh. Here we go. Dash on! - Morning! - Oh, hello, Bertie! Snorty, if you're gonna play with them, play, will you, blast you! Bertie! Cousin Bertie! Did you meet young Dog Face on your way in? l met a Rainsby in the hall with a moose. - Elk. - Sorry. - lt's a common enough mistake. - lt was a mistake pinching it. - Where did you steal it from? - Don't know, some big museum. - ln Kensington. - l've never been to Kensington. Hello, Barmy! Yes you have, your mother lives there! - Oh, that Kensington. - What do you want it for? - lt's for the Seekers. - What are the Seekers? lt's a club in Oxford. Eustace and l are rather keen to get in. Rainsby too. But you have to pinch something to get elected. Now, at lunch, you very decently were going to volunteer to stand us. Er, can't be done, l'm afraid. l've got to have lunch with our Aunt Agatha. Oh, no! Not the Nephew Crusher! - Bertie! - Aunt Agatha. Young men like you make a person with the future of the race at heart despair. Oh, right. Cursed with too much money, you just waste your time on frivolous pleasures! You are simply an antisocial animal. A drone! Bertie, you must marry! (Laughs) Oh, l say, really! Aunt Agatha! Will you be quiet? (Dog whines) There, Mclntosh! You want someone strong, self-reliant and sensible. No, l don't. To counteract the deficiencies of your own character. And by great good fortune, l have found the very girl! - Oh? Who is it? - Roderick Glossop's daughter, Honoria. - No! - Don't be silly, Bertie! - (Dog barks) - Sit down and eat your luncheon! (Dog barks repeatedly) Oh, she is just the wife for you. Oh, er, really, look here! - She will mould you. - l'm not a jelly! And that is a matter of opinion. Lady Glossop has very kindly invited you to Ditteredge Hall for a few days. l told her you would be delighted to come down this afternoon. Oh, what a pity! l've got a dashed important engagement this afternoon. Nonsense! You will go to Ditteredge Hall this afternoon! (Sighs) Right. Oh, Jeeves, we shall be going down to Ditteredge this afternoon, - Can you manage that? - Yes, sir. Will we be travelling by train? By train, yes. People by the name of Glossop. ls that Sir Roderick Glossop, the nerve specialist, sir? - That's the one. - Very good. Which suit, sir? - Oh, this one, l should think. - Very good, sir. - Don't you like this suit, Jeeves? - Oh yes, sir. Huh! What don't you like about this suit, Jeeves? - lt's a very nice suit, sir. - What's wrong with it? Out with it! lf l might suggest, if we are to travel by train, perhaps a simple, brown Harris Tweed such as this might be more appropriate. Oh, that's absolute rot, Jeeves! - Pah! - Very good, sir. - Perfectly blithering, my dear man! Huh! - Just as you say, sir. - Yes. All right then. - Yes, sir. Jeeves, l have to make one thing crystal clear. Yes, sir? l am not one of those fellows who become absolute slaves to their valets. No, sir. Very well. Just as long as we understand each other. Perfectly, sir. (Whistle blows) (Glass smashes) l say! Oh! Steady on! ls that Bingo Little? Me? Yes. That's not Bertie Wooster? lt is! l haven't seen you for ages, Bingo! - l've been living in the country. - Really? Whereabouts? Here, in fact. - Why? You hate the country. - l got a job tutoring the Glossop kid. - What do you want to do that for? - Money, Bertie! Moolah, spondulicks! Oh, well, yes. The only one of the family l know is the girl, Honoria. - Oh, Bertie! - What? l worship her, Bertie, l worship the very ground she treads on, a tender goddess! - Big girl? Sporty? - Strong and upright and wonderful! Well yes, as a matter of... Wait a minute! - Have you told her? - Not yet, l haven't got the nerve. We walk together in the gardens most evenings and it sometimes seems to me there's a look in her eye. Yes, l know that look. Like a sergeant major. - ls that the kid? - Yes, he's fishing. l'll introduce you if you like. This is Oswald. Bertie Wooster. Well, well, Oswald, how are you? - All right. - Nice place, this. - lt's all right. - Like fishing, do you? lt's all right. - Why don't you shove him in? - ln the water? - Wake him up a bit. - She'd never forgive me. She's devoted to the little brute. Great Scott! l've got it! Listen, Bingo, Honoria's away, isn't she? She's coming back tomorrow. She's coming, my love, my own... Yes, fine, but you still want to make a hit with her, don't you, Bingo? - Yes! - Bless you, my child. You can do it! - How, Bertie, how? - lt's very simple. (Laughter) lt's all in the wrist action, you've got to get the flip forward first and disengage the chin strap. That's where Barmy Fothringay-Phipps went wrong on New Year's Eve. - ls that a person? - Barmy? Well, there's some dispute. Ha, ha! But what he did was to pull straight back on the helmet and the policeman came with it. But he must have been hurt! Barmy? No, just a couple of bruises. l think my wife was referring to the policeman. No, no, no, no! Not a bit of it! They enjoy it. Like foxes! - Foxes? - How they enjoy being hunted. - Oh yes. - But foxes are vermin, Mr Wooster. Nasty, cunning creatures. Like cats. (Lord Glossop) Lady Glossop and l dislike cats. (Lady Glossop) We hate them! Nasty, cruel beasts! (Lord Glossop) Now let me try to understand, Mr Wooster. Policemen, you say, enjoy having their helmets stolen? Well, yes. l think they try and enter into the spirit of the thing, don't you think? Oh, yes, yes, yes. - But what is the point of it? - Point? Er, well, it's tradition really, it's part of the rich tapestry of our island's story, it's, um.. Completely stupid! You mustn't be rude, Oswald. No, no, that's all right. He's young. He'll learn. (Bertie) What sort of a day is it, Jeeves? Extremely clement, sir. With the promise of further fine weather to come. Excellent! Just the sort of day for pushing cheeky blighters off bridges! l couldn't say, sir. Shall l lay out our grey flannel trousers and the checked sports coat? Er... Yes, yes, yes. l expect you're wondering what l meant by that last remark, eh? l should be most interested to know, sir. Yeah, well, right, well, l've had rather a stunning idea, Jeeves. - lndeed, sir? - You see, my friend Bingo Little is... well, more than a little smitten with the daughter of the house. - Miss Honoria Glossop, sir? - Yes, Jeeves, Miss Honoria Glossop. How do you know about Honoria Glossop? There was some discussion in the servants' hall last evening, sir. l'm given to understand she is a healthy young lady, sir. Yes, well, erm, that's a very good way of putting it, Jeeves. Thank you, sir. And, er... Mr Little is enamoured of her, sir? lndeed he is. The trouble is, the poor sap can't bring himself to pop the question. - A common enough predicament, sir. - Well, possibly, Jeeves. Your employer, fired by the fact that Aunt Agatha has me earmarked for Honoria, unless l can lay her off onto someone else, has come up with a foolproof solution to the problem. This is very gratifying news, sir. Yes, well, we thought so, Bingo and l, yes. What it is, is this. Miss Glossop's young brother, Oswald, is by way of being - the apple of his sister's eye. - Human nature is very mysterious, sir. Yeah, well, my thoughts precisely. Anyway, my plan is to lure Honoria to the vicinity of the bridge and then push the little blighter into the lake! Mr Little will then pop out from the bulrushes where he's been waiting, rescue Oswald, and have undying love showered upon him by a grateful sister. Ahem. What's the matter, Jeeves? l couldn't advise it, sir. Couldn't advise it? What do you mean, couldn't advise it? lt's just my opinion, sir, but, your plan has too many imponderables. No, no. Only Oswald's going to be imponderable. (Giggles) lm-pond-erable! Thank you, sir, yes. Ahem. And if l might say so, sir, any undertaking that requires the presence of four people in one place at the same time while two of them are unaware of the fact, is fraught with the possibility of mishap, sir. Oh, balderdash, Jeeves! Not to say, flapdoodle! Very good, sir. When you've been a little longer in my employ, you will come to understand all my chums rely heavily on my wisdom and knowledge of human nature - in the conduct of their affairs. - Just as you say. Not to mention my organisational powers and just plain... thingness. Will that be all, sir? Yes, that'll be all, thank you. Just, erm... No, that'll be all, thank you, Jeeves. Very good, sir. - Good morning, Mr Wooster! - Good morning, Lady Glossop! - Do sit down. - Oh. Mm. l, er, was looking for Oswald. Oswald? He's probably getting ready to go fishing, l should think. - At least, l hope so! - You hope so? Yes, well, fishing's a good healthy pursuit for a young lad. Character building, battling against the forces of Mother Nature! Hugh Potter once asked Boko Fittleworth to his place for some fly-fishing. Boko couldn't fathom why anyone would want to catch flies! Still, that's Boko for you. Do you always breakfast at this hour, Mr Wooster? Oh, good Lord, no, no, no! Only if l get up early. Sir Roderick was on his way to London at eight o'clock. Really? He had an urgent call from the Bishop of Hackney. Ah! The old Bish got a few pages stuck together, did he? My husband is not in the book trade, Mr Wooster, he is a well-known nerve specialist. Yes, that's what l said. And dashed interesting work it must be too! Do you...work, Mr Wooster? - What, work, as in honest toil? - Yes. Hewing the wood and drawing the old wet stuff and so forth? Quite. l've known a few people who worked, absolutely swear by it, some of them. - But... - Boko Fittleworth almost had a job once. Who is this Boko Fittleworth you keep talking about? - Boko? You don't know Boko? - No. Good Lord, l thought everybody knew Boko! l do not. Looks like a parrot with the moult. No? No. Once put his shirt on Silly Billy to win the Cesarewich and Lady of Spain beat him by a nose. l have never met Boko Fittleworth. l couldn't recommend it anyway, he's an acquired taste, Boko. At least that's what his mother says! You were telling me how he once got a job. Boko's got an uncle in the City, brokes stocks or something like that, he offered Boko a job and he accepted it. l don't think either of them can have been firing on all cylinders at the time. Anyway, chaos obviously ensued until Boko saw sense and gave it all up. We had to take it turns to go round and sit with him until he'd calmed down. How would you...ever support a wife, Mr Wooster? Well, it depends on whose wife it was. A bit of gentle pressure beneath the left elbow when crossing a busy street normally fills the bill! - Bertie! - Bingo! - She telephoned! - She phoned you, eh? That's good, isn't it? Shows a friendly spirit. She didn't phone me exactly, l picked the phone up because l was standing by it. - What did she say? - ''Let me talk to someone with a brain.'' - Ah! - But it was friendly, the way she said it. - (Giggling) Ow! - Go and start your Latin! - Did she say what time she'd be back? - ln about an hour, she said. - And when was that? - About an hour ago. She's bringing a friend, Daphne Braithwaite. - Very well then, 12 o'clock. - What? - 12 o'clock, the bridge, Oswald! - Oh, right, yes. We're still on for that then, are we? Yes. You still want to bring Honoria to her knees, don't you? Oh, Bertie, she's such a wonderful person. Yes, fine, so, 12 o'clock, you be hidden in the bulrushes by the bridge. - Oh, Bertie, do you really think... - l'll see you later. (Sighs) - Leave the bags, Birkett can get them. - (Sounds horn) Birkett! Come inside. l want to show you some of the things l shot last week. Hello, Honoria! Oh, it's that Bertie Wooster. What's he doing here? What are you doing here, Bertie? Oh, you know. This and that. Hither and yon. - This is my friend, Daphne Braithwaite. - How do you do? - Bertie's a wastrel. - Oh, goody! That's what his Aunt Agatha says. Come on, Daphne! See you later... Bertie. Oh, will l? Yes. Yes, er, see you later, Daphne. - Oh, l say! Honoria! - What? - Erm, will you come for a walk with me? - What? You know...a walk. Birkett, the bags. What for? - Well, l want to tell you something. - Really? Now? No, no, in about half an hour. - Right. - No, that's when...that's when. That's when. - ln about 20 minutes, by the bridge. - Why in 20 minutes? lt'll be better then. Hello, Mummy. l'm back. Did you have a nice time at the Braithwaites', dear? Lovely, yes! l've brought Daphne back with me. Close the door a moment, Honoria. Come and sit down. - l have been talking to Mr Wooster. - Yes, l saw him. -What's he doing here? - Mrs Gregson sent him. What on earth for? He doesn't shoot. - He doesn't hunt. - lt is your birthday next week, Honoria. l hope she didn't send him down as a present! You will be 24. - Oh, no! - lt is a good family, Honoria. Oh, honestly, Mummy, he doesn't work, even! He told me this morning he has been thinking about work. He is not all your father and l would have hoped for for you, l agree, but surely you could make something of him? ls he keen at all? Oh, l'm sure he is! You know how these young men try to hide their feelings. Keep still, you ass, she'll see you! - (Sniffing) - Don't sniff! Right, here she comes. (Snuffles) Ah! - Well? - Yes, l was just thinking. - What? - Yes, this may sound a bit rummy, but there is someone here who is frightfully in love with you, and...and so forth. - A friend of mine, as a matter of fact. - Well, why doesn't he say so? Simply hasn't got the nerve. Worships the ground you tread on, but just can't whack up the ginger to tell you. - This is very interesting. - ls it? - Mm. - Yes, well, that's the posish. - So just bear it in mind, eh? - Oh, Bertie, how funny you are! l wish you wouldn't make all that row! You're scaring the fish away. Oswald, don't sit on the bridge like that! - (Scoffs) - He might easily fall in. Might he? Oh, well, l'll go and tell him. Hello! Fishing, eh? Hey, watch out! (Screams) - Oswald! - Er, help! - (Ducks quacking) - Help him! - Help! - What are you doing? - Help! - (Yapping) - Right! - (Yapping) Oswald! Os... Oswald! Yes! Go! Yes! l'll stay here. l'll... (Gasps) - Yes, l... - Oswald! Oswald! Are you all right? He pushed me! He's mad! Now run along and change your clothes! Honoria, l... Oh, Bertie, you are funny! First proposing to me in that roundabout way and then pushing poor Oswald into the lake - so as to impress me by saving him! - No, no, no! Now run up and change your clothes before you catch your death of cold! - No, no! - Go on! Oh, Bertie! Bertie! Just the man l wanted to see! Bertie, a wonderful thing has happened! - You blighter! What became of you? - Your clothes are all wet! Bertie, l was on my way to hide in the rushes when the most extraordinary thing happened! Walking across the lawn l saw the most radiant and beautiful girl in the world! We started to talk. Her name was Daphne Braithwaite, our eyes met and l knew that what l imagined to be my love for Honoria Glossop was a passing whim! Daphne's so wonderful, Bertie, like a tender goddess! She's so sympathetic, Bertie. Daphne! And her handicap's only six! lt's funny how these things turn out, don't you think, Jeeves? - lndeed, sir. - Before Bingo's under starter's orders, there he is, falling in love with this blessed six-handicapper. Still, at least it means he's been saved from the frightful Honoria. True, sir, but if l might say so, sir, at a cost to yourself which might have caused other, lesser men to blench. Oh, come, Jeeves. Slight dousing is no more than a chap might do for any chap under the circs. lt was not the dousing to which l was referring, sir, but to the engagement. Engagement? l was downstairs a few moments ago, sir, and could not help but overhear Miss Glossop announcing your engagement to her. - ls it getting chilly in here, Jeeves? - No, sir. Oh, must be my imagination. (Laughter) Bertie was so sweet, Mrs Gregson, and so funny! l find it difficult to envisage. l shall be able to make something of him, l'm sure. Well, he's had a completely wasted life up to the present. - l say! - Oh, be quiet, Bertie. - There's a lot of good in him. - There isn't, actually. lt simply wants bringing out. lt's time l took you in hand, Bertie-Wertie. - You want someone to look after you. - No, l don't, really, l don't. Yes, you do! - Bye-bye. Goodbye, Mrs Gregson! - Goodbye! - Bertie. - Yes, Aunt Agatha. Dear Honoria doesn't know it, but a little difficulty has arisen about your marriage. - By Jove, really? - lt's nothing, only a little exasperating. The fact is the Glossops are being a little troublesome. - Sir Roderick particularly so. - Thinks l'm not a good bet, eh? Wants to scratch the fixture. Well, perhaps he's right. Pray, don't be so absurd, Bertie! lt's nothing as serious as that. A nerve specialist with his extensive practice can hardly help taking a rather warped view of humanity. You mean, he thinks l've got fewer marbles than advertised? Oh, no, no, no! Well, he just wants to satisfy himself that you are... completely normal. Well, of all the blessed nerve! l mean, l'm not a chap to take offence... So, l have said that you will give them dinner this evening. Well, if he thinks l'm a raving loony... No, don't be silly, Bertie. And remember - the Glossops drink no wine. Yes, Aunt Agatha, l remember. And Sir Roderick can eat only the simplest of foods owing to an impaired digestion. l should think a dog biscuit and a glass of water would about meet the case. Bertie! That is precisely the sort of idiotic remark that would be calculated to arouse Sir Roderick's strongest suspicions. He is a very serious-minded man. The Duke of Ramfurline's house, Bennet. - Well done, Claude! - My hat! # Where did you get that hat? Where did you get that hat? # (Doorbell) - You're not Bertie. - He's better looking than Bertie. - Very kind of you, sir. - We're his cousins. l'm Claude Wooster. - l'm Eustace Wooster. - l'm not his cousin, l'm Rainsby. l'm delighted to meet you, won't you come in, please? - What's your name? - Jeeves, sir. l'm Mr Wooster's new valet. - The last one used to pinch his socks. - Mr Wooster is not in, but l'm sure he'd like me to offer you some refreshment. That's jolly decent of him, Jeeves. He has some Bollinger '27 which is particularly fine. Be a shame to let it go off! - Jeeves! - Yes, sir. We've got some things down in the taxi we want to take back to Oxford tonight. But the last train's not till 10:10. l say, are we invited to dinner? l regret not, sir. Anyway, we were going to ask Cousin Bertie if we could leave some things here until the train. l'm sorry, sir, l should have to ask Mr Wooster's permission first. What manner of things might they be, sir? - A top hat. - A fish. And a couple of cats, of course. Cats, sir? Perhaps Mr Wooster would not object. - Well done, Jeeves! - Thank you. - Dog Face, go and bring the stuff up. - Right! Where is Bertie, anyway? He had an important meeting with Mr Fotheringay Phipps, sir. Barmy Fotheringay Phipps? l believe that is the sobriquet, sir, yes. Has the lQ of a backward clam? l understand that fellow members of the Drones Club consider him a dangerous intellectual, sir. That's the one! Mr Wooster informed me that he is attending the weekly meeting of the Drones Club fine arts committee. No. Seven. Four. - What's a king count as? - Ten. - What's a ten count as, then? - Ten. Tens and all picture cards count as ten. How long have you been playing this game, Barmy? About an hour and a quarter. Anyhow, that's a leaner. Leaners only count half. - Oh! - Oh, good shot, Bertie! Well, my game, l think. You've not scored 100 yet, have you? - 500. - l thought we were playing to 100. Another drink at the bar? No, l've people coming to dinner. Toodle-pip! - (All) Bye! - What do sevens count as? (# Jazz piano) (Bertie) # This is a story about Minnie the Moocher # She was a low-down hoochie-coocher # She was the roughest, toughest frail # But Minnie had a heart as big as a whale # Ho de ho de ho de ho (Lower-pitched) Ho de ho de ho de ho # Ra de ra de ra Ra de ra de ra # Tee de hee de hee de hee Tee de hee de hee # But Minnie had a heart as big as a whale # You know, l can't help feeling, Jeeves, l could do better justice to this song if l understood the words. Oh, l doubt that, sir. All this ''ho de ho de ho'' stuff is pretty clear, but what is a ''hoochie-coocher'', exactly? lt's difficult to say, sir, unless it's connecte to a demotic American word for ''ardent spirits''. l'm thinking of ''hooch'', a word of Eskimo origin, l'm informed. Tsk! You bally well are informed, Jeeves. Do you know everything? l really don't know, sir. Hm. Erm.. # She had a dream about the King of Sweden # He gave her things that she was needin' # No, you see, now that is clever, Jeeves. Really, sir? That line about the King of Sweden and things she was needin'. Yes, King Gustav does seem to have been generous to the young lady, sir. No, no, no! l meant the fact that it rhymes - ''Sweden'', ''needin'''. Almost, sir. # He gave her a home built of gold and steel # A platinum car with diamond-studded wheels # Ho de ho de ho de ho... # Ahem. l say, Jeeves, could you lend a hand here? - Very good, sir. - lt's difficult, being just the one of me. lt's a sort of call and response thing. l sing, ''ho de ho de ho'', and you have to go, ''ho de ho de ho'' back. - Do you understand? - l think so, sir. Right, let's try it. # Ho de ho de ho de ho # Ho de ho de ho...sir. # Ra de ra de ra # Ra de ra de ra, sir. # Tee de hee de hee # Tee de hee de hee, sir. Yes, l don't mean to be overly critical, Jeeves. l know you're doing your best. Thank you, sir. But perhaps we can dispense with the ''sir'' at the end of every line. lt shows the proper feudal spirit and all, but it does play merry hell with the rhythm of the thing. - Very good, sir. - All right. - # Ho de ho de ho # - Ho de ho de ho. - # Tee de hee de hee # - Tee de hee de hee. # But Minnie had a heart as big as a whale # Do you think l ought to sing Minnie The Moocher to the Glossops this evening? l shouldn't think it advisable, sir. l've not heard that Sir Roderick is musical. Ah no, but Lady Glossop is. There is also that to be considered, sir. What are you giving us for dinner tonight? Consomme, sir. A cutlet and a savoury. And some lemon squash - iced. l don't see how that can harm them. Just don't get carried away and start bringing in coffee. - Very good, sir. - (Doorbell) Right. Stand by, Jeeves! Ha! Thinks l'm barmy, does he? - We'll show him, eh, Jeeves? - lndubitably, sir. Just don't let your eyes go glassy, or you'll find yourself in a padded cell before you know where you are. What ho! What ho! What ho! - Good evening, Mr Wooster. - Good evening, Jeeves. (Jeeves) Evening, Lady Glossop. We're a little late, l'm afraid. Sir Roderick was detained at the Duke of Ramfurline's. Ramfurline? Yes, he's off his rocker, isn't he? Nothing is seriously wrong with His Grace. lt's merely unfortunate that his footman forgot his sugar this morning. - Sugar? - He likes a lump of sugar first thing. His Grace is under the impression that he is a canary. Oh, well, a mistake anyone might make. And as he didn't get his sugar, he flew into a temper and tried to perch on the picture rail. Well, it's not unreasonable. l rather feel like that in the mornings when l don't get my tea. Er, righto, shall we go straight in, then? Very good. Er, now, if l sit in the middle, Lady Glossop, would you like to sit on my right? And Sir Roderick on my left. ls that right? No, wait a minute. Perhaps Lady Glossop ought to sit in the middle. She's the only lady. Then we can sit either side. Shall we try that? Yes, Lady Glossop in the middle. Yes...if you'd like to go on the other side, Sir Roderick. And l'll sit here. No, wait a minute, that's not right. Sir Roderick ought to sit in the middle. He's the only knight, distinguished gent! All right. We're getting there! Sir Roderick here. Yes. lf l can just squeeze past. Er, no, hold on. Hold on. Can't have husband and wife sitting together. l'll sit in the middle, Sir Roderick on that side and Lady Glossop on this side. lf you wouldn't mind. There we go. Hold on, we're back where we started now. - Mr Wooster! - Hello! Let us sit down! Oh, right, yes, good idea! Yes. Phew! l'm worn out! - Lemon squash? - No, thanks. - No? Sir Roderick? - Thank you. l say, that soup doesn't look at all bad, does it? Thank you, sir. So, Sir Roderick, this Ramfurline fellow, does he get dressed up in yellow feathers? - Well... - l would if l thought l was a canary. Pretty Polly! l'm jolly interested in people who get the jim-jams, because some of my best friends... - Hush! - (Cat miaows) - Do you keep a cat, Mr Wooster? - A cat? No. l had the distinct impression l heard a cat mewing, either in this room or very close at hand. No, it's probably a taxi or something in the street. A taxi, Mr Wooster? Yes, well, taxis squawk a bit, don't they? - Squawk? - Yes, rather like cats in a way. Lady Glossop and l have a particular horror of cats! Oh well, there you go, then. l don't much like taxis. My husband had an unfortunate experience with a taxi only this afternoon. lndeed l did. l was about to be driven to the Duke of Ramfurline's house... Or cage, as l expect he likes to call it! Anyway, l was sitting innocently in my car when my hat was snatched from my head. As l looked back, l perceived it being waved in a kind of feverish triumph from the interior of a taxicab! Huh! What an extraordinary thing! Must've been some sort of practical joke, l suppose. l confess l fail to detect anything akin to comedy in the outrage. The action was without question that of a mentally unbalanced subject. - (Cat miaows) - Mr Wooster! What is the meaning of this? - Eh? - There is a cat close at hand. - lt is not in the street! - Look, l have not got a cat, l tell you. All right, l'll get Jeeves in here. (Cat miaows) - There! - l can't bear it! l simply can't bear it! No, look, it must be Jeeves. - Jeeves? - You called, sir? Er... were you making a noise like a cat? No, sir. Will that be all, sir? No, it will jolly well not be all, Jeeves. Are there any cats in the flat? Only the three in your bedroom, sir. - (Gasps) - What do you mean, only the three? The black one, sir, the tabby and the small lemon-coloured animal. No, no, look, l have not got a cat! l have never had a cat. l had a dog once, called Melba. She used to sit by the fire. Don't run away! - (Shrieks) - No, no! lt's all right, my dear. Stand back, sir, stand back, l'm armed! l fancy the animals might have become somewhat exhilarated upon discovering the fish in Mr Wooster's bedroom. - Fish? ln his bedroom? - Fish? Be brave, Delia! My coat, sir! Look, l'll prove it to you, l'll prove there are no cats in my bedroom. - (Cats miaow) - (Shrieks) You're mad, l knew it, you're out of your mind, sir! - Your hat, Sir Roderick. - Yes, l didn't have a hat. This is the hat that you snatched from my head! He did it, Roderick! He stole your hat! Back slowly towards the door, Delia, don't make any sudden movements or do anything that might excite him! - Oh, now look here! - Back, sir! Back, you devil! l'll see if l can recover our umbrella, sir. (Doorbell) l say, those weren't my cats l saw legging it down the stairs, were they? And what were they doing in my bedroom? Your man whatshisname said it would be all right. - Oh, he did, did he? - l was just coming to collect them. Well, they've dashed well gone. Oh, well, can't be helped, l suppose. - What was it for, The Seachers? - Seekers, yes. l'll take the hat and the fish anyway. l'm afraid the cats have eaten the fish. They wouldn't eat a hat, though! No, the chap you pinched it from was dining here tonight. He took it with him. No cats, no fish, no hat. Well, sorry, but there you are. - Well, thank you. Goodbye. - Goodbye. l say, l hate to ask you, you couldn't lend me a tenner, could you? - A tenner, what for? - l've got to bail Claude and Eustace out. - They've been arrested. - Arrested? They got a bit above themselves, l'm afraid. Tried to pinch a bus! And they expect me to provide ten pounds to bail them out? They did rather, yes. You realise that the people who dined here were my prospective in-laws? No, l didn't, actually. Congratulations. Well, because of you, they've gone away believing me to be a certifiable lunatic and determined that l shall never... marry... their daughter. Oh, frightfully sorry. Tell you what, why don't we make it 20 pounds? You can bail 'em out and buy 'em a drink before you pour them onto the train. - That's jolly decent of you! - Don't say a word. No, really. l insist. Thank you. (Sighs) - This was all your doing, wasn't it? - Sir? You worked it all, didn't you, with the Glossops? lf you'll pardon the liberty, sir, l doubt if the young lady would have been entirely suitable for you. And what a wheeze, you knowing all about the Glossops' horror of moggies! l must say, Jeeves, you are a bit of a marvel. Very good of you to say so, sir. - Will that be all, sir? - Yes, thank you, Jeeves, yes. Breakfast at the usual hour, sir? Yes, thank you, Jeeves. Good night. Good night, sir. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 