McMafia: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 McMafia 
 s1e5 - Episode #1.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 McMafia (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Episode #1.5 - full transcript 
 Alex and Rebecca's engagement celebrations are disrupted when Semiyon is arrested in Tel Aviv, forcing Alex to fly out to Israel to try to expose his accusers. Katya unravels a shocking secret. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 We transport the product from Mumbai to East Africa by cargo ships, and if everyone's happy after the first shipment I hope our partnership can continue. I have some information on Mr Chopra that may be useful to both of us. Do you know anything about the heroin shipment? No, boss. I only do legitimate. You think I'm cooking the books? I just want to make sure we're not taking on any clients that we shouldn't. Did you come across someone called Semiyon Kleiman? See, Kleiman may be a politician now, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 but he had a very unsavoury reputation back then. What Mr Kleiman wants to know is how they plan to negotiate, how high they're willing to go. You think Alex took bad money? Did he invest in your fund? My firm was about to go under. Yes. Our friends in Mumbai have found a way into the port. If we steal Vadim's heroin, there will be consequences, good and bad. Stop that container! Mr Chopra, I hope you have good news for me. - Huh! Huh! Huh! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 11, 12, 13, 14. Stop. Stop. Stop. Ezra. I have a gift for you. What? You like it? I like it a lot. I took it in Ein Gedi. When were you in Ein Gedi? You're jealous! It made me think of you. The fox? You're not sure about me, are you? Good, that way you'll fall in love with me. I'll see you at the party. Please ride safe. SYNC by DakinPEx I had five votes against me in the cabinet so it was a simple case of subtraction. How did you persuade them? I told them the story of Las Vegas, how you built cities out of sand. 60% of this country is desert. I promised them, after they gave me the licence here, that I would build casinos and resorts in the Negev desert and you gentlemen would be my partners. I'm sorry, I'm just going for a cigarette. Don't let him see you upset. He doesn't like it. What does he expect? Two months ago he said that he would give me a passport and I could go home. Why do you work for him? It's a job. A job making sure I don't run away. If he promised, he'll let you go. - Hello? - I had a call from our friend in Mumbai. He's very confident about his prospects at the port. I need you to transfer 5 million to his account. What for? An advance for not selling the product they're sitting on. The street value's worth 20 times that much. Why not use it to negotiate with the Pakistanis? Or even give it back to them if it means establishing a relationship at Vadim's expense? We don't need to take that kind of risk. Benny Chopra's dead. Our friends control Mumbai now. We have all the time in the world to make money there. With all the time in the world, Vadim lives to a ripe old age. Vadim's lost an important ally and disappointed many people in Moscow, we need to be cautious now. Please, do as I ask. Of course. Rebecca called this morning. I know she spoke to you. I wanted to apologise. I shouldn't have gone to her behind your back. No, look... I'm the one who should apologise. I know you had your reservations about Semiyon Kleiman investing in the fund. And I know that the only reason you signed off on him was because I asked you to. As soon as I can extricate myself from my arrangement with him, I will. Will the fund be OK? We'll find other investors. Tuna, salmon, sea bream, and a bottle of the Meursault. Could you please turn the music down? Thank you. Cute. Sweetie, what's wrong? Tell me. I'm pregnant. That's wonderful. Is it anyone I know? You didn't sleep with Alex? You did. You slept with him. Dmitri. That isn't funny. Don't do that. I'm so sorry. I don't believe you. Stop it. - You slept with my dad? - Shh. There's no way. I don't believe you. He was so depressed after your uncle died, I was just trying to help him. You're a whore. You always were. Don't go like this. I need to talk to someone. Talk to my dad. Our host's name is Yariv Ableman. He's an old friend of mine from Russia. An art dealer. He'll introduce you to a lot of prominent people. It's important that they like you, but that's all you have to do. Can't Get You Out of My Head by Kylie Minogue The most beautiful woman in Tel Aviv. SHE CHUCKLES Thank you. This is my friend, Lyudmilla. She's from Moscow. Now you have a rival. - You know who I think Lyudmilla should meet? - Who? She should meet Len. Len is over there. Not here. I helped Mr Kleiman with his casino licence. And where do you, Pretty Flower, know him from? He's a family friend. I bet he's a very good friend. But tell me about yourself. You must be a model, no? No. I thought all Russian girls were models or tennis players. - I'm a tennis player. Beautiful and funny. Would you excuse me? I need to go to the washroom. - I'll go with you. - I'll be right back. Mr Kleiman? Mr Kleiman? Hello? Sure. Where are you staying? Yeah, I'll be there in half an hour. Yeah. Who was that? Uh, Antonio. I didn't know he was in London. Nor did I. - Look at me! Look at me! - Semiyon! - Semiyon, over here! - Semiyon! Semiyon, do you have a comment? Right this way, Semiyon. Semiyon! TV: The distinguished member of parliament and shipping tycoon was arrested in the early hours of this morning. The charges against him include sexual assault and battery. The Russian-born member of parliament was known for his support of gay rights, but there was no indication he was homosexual himself. The boy claims Kleiman beat him up and raped him. He could face up to 25 years if he's found guilty. He's 70 years old and not in great shape, you really think he's capable of that? I know the timing seems convenient, but he's no use to me behind bars. If he's convicted, his shipping empire will come under administration and my opportunity will be gone. So will yours. Can you help him? If he did what they say, there's nothing anybody can do. And if he's innocent and someone has to prove it, that won't be easy either. A man in his position has powerful enemies. If they look into his finances, can they trace anything back to you? No. Then you're safe. You could just walk away, go back to how things were. You came all this way to tell me it's OK to give up? No. Semiyon Kleiman doesn't want the same thing as you, Alex. He couldn't care less what happens to Vadim as long he makes his money. We can be better friends to you and more dangerous enemies for Vadim. But first we need Mr Kleiman's ships. Semiyon Semiyonovich Kleiman. Mr Kleiman's arrest today could be the pivotal moment in the rise and fall of one of Israel's most colourful politicians. From humble origins in Russia, his shipping empire became a major global player. Rumours of Semiyon Kleiman's alleged financial irregularities have been circling for years. So with this scandal, his opponents will no doubt demand a full public enquiry. He was the only person who helped me when the fund was in trouble. - You don't think I owe him some loyalty? - He used you! He saved your fund to launder money. He's a crook! He's a rapist! He didn't rape anyone. How do you know?! Don't tell me this is about loyalty. I don't believe you, Alex. What does he have on you? I won't know until I go to Tel Aviv. What does that mean? It means if they look into his finances, I have no idea what they'll find or what he'll say about me. I thought this was over. So did I. Rebecca... Would you like a glass? No, thank you. It's good to have you here. I should have kept you by my side. I would have had an alibi. You believe me, no? Joseph, can you find out from our contacts in the police what Ezra said exactly? Yes, sir. He was forced to do this. He would not have done it otherwise. This way, please. May I have your passport? Were you with Mr Kleiman that night? I was waiting outside. There must have been witnesses. The boy claimed they were alone at the back of the garden. That's where it happened. Has anyone managed to speak to the boy? His house is under siege day and night - police, reporters - it's not possible. It's better nobody sees you. We can go round the back. I wasn't expecting you. I'm grateful. You haven't turned your back on me like everyone else. Please, sit. - Can I get you anything? - I'm fine, thank you. Oh, what do they say? God laughs at those who make plans. Don't worry, you can speak in front of Joseph. I will never let him leave my side again. Do you have any idea who's behind this? There's the obvious possibility, but then I have many enemies. It wasn't extortion. Nobody asked for money. Whoever did this wants to destroy me. I know why you're here. You're worried I'll implicate you. I would never do that. I know. Perhaps you should take this as a sign. Go home, mourn your uncle, forget your revenge, and go back to the life that you led. I'd like to stay for a few days... ..until your situation is clearer. I do still work for you. Well, if there's anything you need while you're here, Joseph will take care of it. - Hola? - Antonio? - It's Rebecca Harper. Alex's... - Of course. - How are you? - I'm fine. This is a little awkward, but I'm calling because I wondered if you had time to meet briefly while you're in London? Sure. I was hoping to invite you and Alex out for dinner. Well, Alex is away right now. I just wanted to ask your advice on something. Just let me know whenever suits you. Thank you. Sorry, do you have a cigarette? Sure. I'll come with you. I saw him with someone else at the party. Who? The boy on the news, Ezra Levi. What did you see? If I help Mr Kleiman... ..will he let me go? Who did you see him with? Another boy. They were together. Kissing. Why didn't you say anything? If I help him... ..will he let me go? If you saw his picture, this other boy, would you recognise him? I think so. - Good morning. - Good morning. A friend of mine would like to speak with you. She has some information about Mr Kleiman. What information? Something that might help his case. Have you told him? Not yet. If she helps, she would like you to speak to Mr Kleiman on her behalf. Why can't you speak to him? It's not my place. He's more likely to listen to you. I only saw his face a little. He was young. Maybe my age. What time was this? Near the end of the party. 10-15 minutes before we go home. What time did you leave? Around 2.30. Mr Ableman's parties are very private. He would know every guest. Will he help us? Mr Kleiman helped him with his gallery. They were friends back in Russia. He'll do everything he can. Do you know anything about Semiyon's private life? He was married back in Russia, but that's because he didn't want anyone to know. When we came to Israel in the '90s, it was easy for him to come out, but he was not used to it so he still kept it secret. He's "old school", you say? Did you introduce him to Ezra Levi? They met at my gallery. Semiyon buys a lot of art and I'd given Ezra a small exhibition as a favour. He's a photographer. Hey! Bravo! Lyudmilla saw Ezra with another boy that night. They were also intimate. We were wondering if you had any idea who it could be. Semiyon's my friend, but he's an old man. If I were Ezra Levi, there would have been a lot of young men to choose from that night. He had brown hair. A little bit of a beard. Very handsome. My dear, that could be half my guests. He had a T-shirt, cut at the back. A red T-shirt under a white T-shirt. So you could see a skull. Reuben. Reuben Kagan. He's a graphic designer, but, actually, he does nothing. I can give you his phone number. Hi, my name's Charles Allan. I'm an art dealer from London. Yariv Ableman gave me your number. Well, we're planning an exhibition on contemporary Israeli art and we're looking for a few graphic designers, film makers, as well as fine artists. Mr Ableman recommended you. - So, what advice can I give you? How well do you know Alex? I knew him better when we were at Harvard. Why? Would he confide in you? You mean, DOES he confide in me? Not about me. About his work. I invest in his fund, I'm probably the last person he should be honest with. When you saw him the other day, was anything wrong? Right after he saw you, he suddenly announced he was going to Israel. Oh, he didn't mention it, but is that so unusual? What is it you're worried about? His business almost went under. His uncle was murdered. His father tried to kill himself. Well, that's quite a mess to think about. You know, for dinner I think the view will be even more spectacular. I'm already keeping you from your meeting. You speak Spanish? A little. Why? Because you're about to hear a man really lie. And you thought Alex was bad. I studied at the Bezalel design school. It's the best one we have here in Israel. In London you have St Martin's, no? And a few others. - These are fantastic. - Thank you. I'd like to move to London or New York one day. Here it's still too conservative. So, how do you know Yariv? He was judging an award at my college. He didn't give it to me, but he invited me to one of his parties instead. Were you at the notorious party the other night? Yes, but I left early, before all the scandal. - I love this one. - Thank you. Had you ever met Kleiman or the boy? No. Um, how many days will I need to be in London for the exhibition? You left at two in the morning. - Excuse me? - The party. There are security cameras in the house. There's footage of you with Ezra Levi. Are you with the police? I'm here on behalf of Mr Kleiman. I'm sorry, I can't help you. It's OK, Reuben. I just want to know what happened. Two men came to see me at my apartment. They knew everything. About me and Ezra. About Ezra and the old man. These men, were they Israeli? Russian-Israeli, I think. Like gangsters. What happened at the party? They told me to meet them at the back of the house. To bring Ezra with me. They said they'd kill us both if he didn't go to the police and tell them Semiyon Kleiman raped him. And then they raped him? This is what you're going to do, Reuben. My friend is going to take you somewhere safe. When we tell you, you'll go to the police and tell them everything. We will protect you. Mr Kleiman has important friends in the police. You won't be charged with anything, as long as you tell the truth. I had a wonderful time. Thank you for cancelling your plans and getting me drunk. And for putting my mind at rest. I'm glad. So you think we might get a taxi at this hour? - Hola? - It's me. How are you? Semiyon was set up. We have a witness who can prove it. We may need your help with false documents, in case the police can't protect him. Of course. I'll let you know. Call me any time. I'm so sorry. I just thought this might be urgent, you know? Who's calling you at this hour? It's still early in Mexico. I have some things to take care of before we tell Mr Kleiman. Is that OK with you? Then I will speak to him about your friend. Yes? I'm sorry, I didn't know if you were asleep. It's OK. He's going to talk to Mr Kleiman for you. I think it will work out. Thank you. Good night. Good night. This is me. It's very pretty, your street. You could be in the countryside. - Thank you again. - Thank you. You first. No, you walked me to the door. Can I come in? Sure. So, what are you going to do? Can I have a glass of wine? It's nine in the morning. You're pregnant with my father's child. What's he like? The same age as Ezra? I suppose I shouldn't be surprised. You can't expect the young to be faithful. I'm just a sentimental old man who fell in love. So, what happens now? Reuben will go to the police and tell them the truth, that you were set up. - Where is he now? - Somewhere safe. I'm grateful to you, my friend. How much do you need to pay him off? It's taken care of. By who? What's this? Contracts. They'll take care of all costs and they'll pay you 30% for every shipment that gets through. You expect me to sign this? I said no to your Mexicans before, why should I say yes now? For you? We're not strong enough to take on Vadim without their help. Especially given your situation. You think they're any different to Vadim? You are only changing an enemy for more dangerous friends. As soon as you sign these papers, Reuben will go to the police and tell them everything. I don't believe you'd blackmail me. I respect you very much, but the only reason we're in business together is because of my uncle. There isn't anything I wouldn't do for him or my family. You'll avenge him, and then what? It's a gift to be able to convince yourself of something and believe it with all your heart. You think you're doing this for him? You are doing this for power. The same as all of us. Except there's no telling how far you'll go. The girl who works for you, Lyudmilla... ..if it weren't for her, we wouldn't have been able to clear your name. She would like to go home. So there's some sentimentality left in you? And do you have anything else you can blackmail me with? No. Then my answer is no. Go to the police, Reuben. Tell them everything. They may keep you for a few days. If they release you, call us and we'll come and get you. I'll do everything I can for her. - TV: - Today there were some unexpected developments in the Semiyon Kleiman scandal. It is now believed the politician and shipping tycoon is innocent of the charges against him. 25-year-old Reuben Kagan, a friend of the alleged victim, claimed that Ezra Levi lied about the circumstances of the sexual assault... When do the police want to interview Reuben again? Tomorrow. All they can charge him with is withholding evidence. If he needs any money or papers, just let me know. We have to go! Hey, we have to go now! Yariv. Forgive me, my friend, I feel responsible. No, Yariv, it was all my own fault. But thank you, you are a good friend. Ezra. Ezra? Ezra? Ezra! Ezra. You've lived in London long? Since I was nine. I'd like to visit London one day. Maybe soon. I'm sorry I couldn't do anything for Lyudmilla. When things have calmed down, I'll speak to Mr Kleiman again. Good luck. If not, I'll find another way. Thank you. If you decide to come to London... ..let me know. It says on your card you're still a banker. - Can I have a look at this one? - This? - Yeah. A gift for your wife? My fiancee. Mr Godman. How are you? So-so. Do you mind if I sit here? Why so-so? I'm looking forward to going home. I'm not good in this heat, you know? I hate this sunshine. Every day, everywhere you have sun, sun, sun. Would you like to have something? - Just sparkling water, please. - Two please. - Were you here on business? - Yeah. - And you? - Business too. First time in Tel Aviv? No, I have some investors here. A profitable trip, then? So-so. Thank you. How do you like Tel Aviv? I didn't get much chance to explore. That's a pity. There's a lot to discover here. And you? I had a nice dinner in Jaffa with my old friend and that was it. Do you know a lot people in Tel Aviv? Just my old friend. He's Russian expat from old times. He's very famous art dealer, actually, now. You may have heard of him. Yariv Ableman. I've heard the name. He's famous for throwing great parties. Unfortunately I missed the last one. Apparently, it was quite an event. - Passenger announcement. Flight EV2435 to Moscow is now boarding at Gate 7. Oh, that's me. That's flight EV2435 to Moscow now boarding at Gate 7. It was good to see you again, Mr Godman. - Have a safe trip back home. - You too. My regards to your family. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 