McMafia: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 McMafia 
 s1e8 - Episode #1.8 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 McMafia (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Episode #1.8 - full transcript 
 Alex travels to Moscow on business, unaware of the devastation that Dmitri's actions have caused and the danger he is rushing into. As the full horror of the situation unfolds, Alex is ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Go get Lyudmilla out. Get dressed. We have to go. If you chose this life, you have to be ready to give up everything. - I'm not. - Then that makes us even. It's good we made peace. You should be aware that I'm not the only patron Mr Godman has. Tell your father that his friend, Veniamin, will be happy to see him. It was a threat. It was Vadim telling me it isn't over. I talked to my friend. And if he's willing to meet, would you be prepared to go to Moscow? In Moscow, they kill you! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Natasha! Where are you going? I have to meet someone. Thank your mother for me. I'll come and see you in a few days. Wait over there, please. Visa. Phone, please. Can I make a call first? - I need to let my family know where... - Later. G-O-D-M-A-N. First name, Alexander. He was supposed to be on flight 237. Subtitles by explosiveskull 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Yeah? - He was on the flight. They don't have any other information. Let me know if you hear from him. I will make some calls here. Thank you, Joseph. Mr Godman. I'm not sure what I'm doing here. I also don't know what you do here. I had some business meetings. What business? Can I speak to someone from the British Consulate? She was my god-daughter. She was 21. She had nothing to do with your feud. Who did you come to see? - I'd like to speak to a lawyer. - No lawyers. No consulate. Nobody knows you're here. The people who invited me to Moscow know that I'm here. Just tell me who they are, I'll inform them. I'm sure they'll find out for themselves, sooner or later. If something happened to Vadim's daughter, I'm sorry. But I had nothing to do with it. You have until tonight... ...to tell me who you're here to see. If you don't... ...you can apologise to her father yourself. Come, please. Can I ask where I'm being taken? The airport. Can I make a phone call? No phone, no computer. We give them to your embassy later. Why are we stopping? We have time. Do you have a cigarette, please? You can smoke in here. I'm sorry, I don't speak Russian. It's OK. Hey, do you speak English? Real Madrid are going to win the league this year. Barcelona win. We've got Gareth Bale. Neymar. - What about Pepe? - Messi. Excuse me, I'm a tourist. I've lost my phone. Is there...? Hi, do any of you speak English? A little. My phone was just stolen. I need to call a friend. - Hello? - Papa, I'm in trouble. I need your help. Somewhere near University Square. You have to get out of Russia. I've... ...done something. I ordered a hit on Vadim. His daughter... I can't talk now. I'll call you later. Oh, thank you. Your father told me to drive you to the Ukrainian border. Not yet. I don't have a permanent address right now. As long as we have a contact number, that's fine. Where are you off to so soon? I didn't know you guys were coming. We wanted to surprise you. - Are you OK? Yeah? - Yeah. Thank you. Thanks. - Good to see you. - You, too. You know Antonio, don't you? No, I don't think so. Antonio is Alex's friend from Harvard. - I'm sorry, Antonio...? - Mendez. Your brother has a lot of friends. - Hi, I'm Femi. - Hi, Antonio. Nice meeting you. - How's Alex? - I don't know. He's travelling. Shall we grab a coffee or something? No, you must be exhausted. Does Alex know you're here? We saw each other a few days ago. - Well, shall we...? - Let me know when's a good time to visit. I'm so happy you're better. Thank you. You, too. See you soon. - Nice to meet you. - My pleasure. - Good to meet you. - See you. Colonel Federov. Colonel Federov! Vadim. Vadim. My friend Oleg says you have a proposition for me. The people I represent are looking to do business here. Given their reputation, it would have to be a very attractive offer to justify the risks. The business I'm talking about is worth 300 billion a year. If you'd invested in my fund at launch, you'd have doubled your money. An investment with my associates would have given you a 5,000% return over the same period. The profit you're talking about comes at a human cost. What I'm proposing to do is increase the profit whilst reducing the cost. Right now, Vadim Kalyagin smuggles 300,000 kilos of heroin into this country. You have two million addicts, 50,000 deaths a year. His profits are shrinking whilst the crime rate associated with them is rising all the time. I studied business at Harvard, like you, Mr Godman. How is your proposal any different? My associates are only interested in using your ports to move their product into Europe. In exchange for your protection... ...they would pay you a commission and guarantee that none of the product would be sold here. The commission I'm talking about could in turn be used to boost the legal economy, build hospitals, schools... ...even fight the war on crime. And what would you do about Vadim Kalyagin? He won't deal with my associates. And my associates, they won't deal with him. The mafia culture he represents is outdated. His methods are violent, inefficient, draws too much attention. Attention which doesn't reflect well on this country. He lets emotion get in the way of business, which isn't good for any of us. Oleg told me you could be humble when it suited you... ...but ruthless, too. I haven't always had a choice. I'll need to discuss this with my partners. Of course. How's Femi? Patient. Are you seeing Alex's friend? Do I look like I'm in a fit state to see anyone? Sorry, sorry. No. Idiot to ask. He was being helpful and concerned when I needed it. I know you can't forgive my brother, but can I please say something? He's looked after me my whole life. My mother and father, too. He was trying to protect us. The last thing he wanted was something to happen to you. It isn't just what happened, Katya. I don't think... ...I know who he is any more. I don't think he even knows himself. They're economists, like you. You'll present your proposal, go over the numbers, and then they'll make their decision. We have a lot of factions and rivalries in this country. People who do not wish us well. Right now, we are on top, but it won't always be that way. Like I said, I don't want to ruffle any feathers. Then we'll meet your associates and take it from there. There's one more thing. The man who shot Vadim's daughter was arrested last night. He tried to cut a deal and implicated your father. My father was 1,000 miles away. Of course. But for the sake of our future partnership, it would be better if you distance yourself from him. Part of the reason I came here was so that my father could return. Our rivals could build a case against him to discredit you. That would be bad for all of us. He's been away for more than 15 years. All he thinks about are the mistakes he's made. He doesn't want to get back into business. He just wants to come home. I'm afraid it's not possible any more. I understand. - Hello? - Ilya. This isn't what I came here for. I came here to make a deal. And you've made your deal. Now you have to see it through. Neither of us can afford to leave Vadim alive. You don't have to do this yourself. Ilya? Ilya? Do you like football? Sometimes. Do you have a favourite team? No. I'm not surprised. There's a remote control. You can turn it off. Did Ilya give you a message for me? No. Tell him I would do the same thing for my family. Your uncle would be so proud of you. Your father, as well. You did what they couldn't do. I'm sorry for what happened to your daughter. I didn't know. You want me to forgive you? That's the only power I've got in this world. So I won't give it up. How is your fiancee? She's better. Good. You still love her? I've told you before... ...if you choose this life... ...if you want her to be safe... ...you'll have to give her up. Your family, too. Everyone you love. Everyone. You'll be alone... ...every single day. Until someone comes to put you out of your misery. My wallet. There's a picture of my daughter I would love to have. Katya told me Alex went to Russia? He's safe now. Will you go back, too? What for? This is our home now. I love my country, but I don't belong there any more. Anyway, the whole world is the same now. Gucci here, Gucci there. I hope we can still see each other. Even if Alex and I aren't together. Katya told me about your baby. Our baby. You know someone is a part of the family when you feel their pain. You're like my daughter now. And who knows? Dmitri and I argue every day for 40 years and I still forgive him. He's a good boy. I'm biased, I know. But he's my son. When will you come back? I don't know. It depends what he wants to do. Why what he wants? You can decide, too. I made you something. I don't know what is, either. My colleagues and I have discussed Mr Godman's proposal and he has our full confidence. With your permission, I'm going to withdraw and leave our side of the negotiations to him. Thanks. These terms are unacceptable. Those are our terms. Your terms? We sent you here to arrange an introduction, that's all. Antonio. We did you a favour. Who the hell do you think you are? Forgive me, Mr Alegre, but it might be simpler if you and I discussed these matters alone. We both speak for our respective sides. In return for an open door and protection for your shipments, we'd ask for a 50% split of every consignment. We would have no involvement in any business from your other routes, but we would control all distribution that passes through our territory. 50%, it's impossible... ...and we have no interest in being wholesalers. Getting your product into Europe is the hardest part of your business. The Dutch and Spanish ports you have used are no longer viable and you haven't managed to gain a foothold in West Africa, unlike your rivals. Through the networks and routes that I will inherit, I'll manage the sale and distribution of your product in any territories that don't conflict with your own. In return, I'd ask that you don't interfere with my contacts or encroach on any territory where I represent you. I work on your behalf. I don't work for you. I don't mean that as a mark of disrespect. I simply think it's the best way for all of us to make money. Subtitles by explosiveskull 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 