McMafia: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 McMafia 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 McMafia (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 Alex discovers a way in which he can attack Benny Chopra and Vadim in Mumbai. Alex and Rebecca announce their engagement, but she begins to think that he may be hiding something from her. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A rival dies, but our business is hit. How could it be possible? I'm interested in your global fund. I was hoping we could meet. You want to come to the south of France? You decided to go? - I'll see what he has to offer. She's isn't familiar with the global fund or Mr. Kleiman. I want to move my product directly into Europe. I need your friend Kleiman's ships and infrastructure. Go to the police and find out who's taking bribes... to disrupt my business. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Maybe I should leave the force too. Benes. Karel Benes. So come to the villa for lunch. - That'd be great. I'd like to show you something before you leave. Vadim is planning to smuggle a tonne of heroin through Mumbai, but if something were to go wrong, it would embarrass Vadim in the eyes of his backers in Moscow. This man, Antonio, said it was a gesture of goodwill. He doesn't want anything in return. Not yet. Why didn't you come to me first? Those were his conditions. I thought he was blackmailing me. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Alex, do you have any idea what kind of people you are dealing with? They dress like bankers, they speak a dozen languages, they eat in the best restaurants, stay in the best hotels but underneath all that sophistication, there is an open grave in the Mexican desert with 50 headless corpses inside. I'll tell you what he wants. Not now, but sooner or later, he wants to take over my shipping fleet, so he can move his cocaine into Europe. Wouldn't that mean he has to compete with Vadim? Be careful, my friend. That's how they corrupt you. They let you think that you are making all the decisions but in the end, they get what they want. With respect, isn't that what you're doing? The difference being, I won't bury you if you let me down. He told me the deal was important to Vadim's associates in Russia, that if something went wrong with the shipment, it would damage him in their eyes. I had the same conversation with your uncle. He asked me to partner with the cartels to destroy Vadim, too. You were the one who convinced me that destroying Vadim was the only way to protect my family. All they've done is give us a piece of information. What do you want me to do with it? If it were my money, I would transfer the necessary funds to my partners in Mumbai. Let me think about it. Hmm? And you should, too. Hello? I wanted to let you know we've sent the cloth for your mistress' saree. And, uh, how much do I owe you? One thousand rupees this time. That much? Are you sure? - That's what our friend wants. How is Natasha? Did she like Prague? I hope so. I'm sorry I had so little time to spend with her. He was a policeman. A thief. You should be more clever, Be discreet? Is it a problem? Nothing I can't handle for now. But their politicians talk to our politicians. I need to know everything about Czech... Karel Benes. Phone calls, bank accounts, emails. Congratulations. - Thank you. Cheers! - Rebecca. Brother. Cheers. Long life. To Rebecca. Long life. Long life. Mama, you're supposed to look into each other's eyes or it's bad luck. Papa, this is disgusting. What is it? Champagne. It's sparkling wine. Papa, you can't serve Cava when they're getting engaged. Katya, it's fine. No. I'm gonna fetch the real stuff. Uncle Boris would never have served this swill. Katya? Have a seat. Uh... Thank you. I'm fine. Excuse me. What's going on with her? I'm not doing anything! You're embarrassing me... I knew this would happen. Dilly, it's me, I have some information on Mr. Chopra that may be useful to both of us. I'll need you to get into his compound. We need to take a look inside. I told you I won't see her again. Look. I'm on my knees. We had something really good, and you screwed it up. Why? Because you don't feel like a man anymore? Because I don't tell you how wonderful you are, you find someone else who does? You and the children... are my whole life. You have spat on my soul. No, I'll stay on the line while you check. I'm just following up on the global fund data. Neither you or Alex have submitted a report. I don't have anything to do with that fund. So, who does? - Just Alex, as far as I know. Yes, I'm still here. Can you send it over? That would be great. Mr. Kapoor is in charge of shipping. Can you get us in? - That's my gate. Alarms? - I can switch them off. Thank you. Take it. - No, no, Bhai. Take it, you are a good man. Thank you. I will let you know when everything is clear. Can I talk to you about the global fund? Why is it just you? Nobody else has any involvement in the fund, you haven't filed any reports. Sorry, Karin. What's this about? I'm not just your compliance officer, Alex, I'm your friend. I know how much trouble we were in. I know how much you care about the people who work for you. If you've done anything... You think I'm cooking the books? I just want to make sure we're not taking on any clients Look, Kleiman is very cautious and well-informed. We've been discussing potential investment opportunities, but there's not much going on right now. I still need access to the fund. Sure. I'll talk to IT. Rachel, get me the number for Tobe Miller, the IT guy we fired. Thanks. She looks just like you. Don't start that. I love you. But she could be anyone's. Hello? - We are on. Bhai, they all left for dinner. Too much bloody security. Vijay? Make a noise, I will kill you. Who is he? Very quietly, now. Who are you? Sir, I'm the accountant, I was working late. Why? - Sir, because... Because I'm behind with my account. Sir, please let me go. I said, very quietly. Can you get into these computers? Hey, hey. Sit down. What is your name? - Sunil. Sunil, do you know anything about a heroin shipment? No, boss. I only do legitimate. Can you open the files on this computer? I have security passes of only some of them. Show me the ones you can. Forgive me, Bhai, I didn't know he was there. Get in the car. - I have to stay. Get in the car. - I'll lose my job, they'll fire me! Sunil, where do you live? You can drop me anywhere, boss. You have money for a taxi? No. Vijay? Give him some. Thank you, sir. Pull over. You will be okay? Thank you, sir. You're a good man, I will look after your family. Vijay, you told me no one was there. That man's life was done on your conscience. Yes, Bhai. It wasn't my idea to fire you. But you gave the okay. I saw the emails. If you're amenable, I'd like you to come back and work for me. For you or for your company? Well, I'm not interested in blackmailing you. Blackmailing me for what? Not sure. Fortunately for you, I know as much about financial fraud as you know about computer security. You took a look at my files? Yeah, the ones I could make head or tail of. How should I have made them more secure? If someone with the right skill set wants to get into your computer, there isn't much you can do about it. The trick is not to arouse the suspicion in the first place. The more firewalls and anti-spyware software you install, the more curious they get. What would you have done? - Hide in plain view. Someone's interested in snooping, make it easy for them. Give them something to find but hide the important stuff somewhere else. Would you be prepared to do that for me? All these bloody documents, there must be something. We have looked, Bhai. There's nothing about any heroin shipment or any shipment from Pakistan. The problem with the northern routes is too many conflict areas. Syria, Iran, Iraq, and there's also increased border check on the Balkan road. Instead, we transport the product from Mumbai to East Africa by cargo ships. And then we deliver it to the coast on speedboats. We break it into small parts, some of it stays for African market, South Africa, Nigeria. The rest, we smuggle to Europe and America. The southern route. And if everyone's happy after the first shipment, I hope our partnership can continue. You had a call. No, it was another phone. How come you have a second phone? We got given new ones at work. Apparently, they're harder to hack. Isn't that a little paranoid? I think it's gonna be pretty standard soon. I transferred all the funds they asked for. They broke in okay and we know the product will be in Mumbai in two days. But we still need to find out the name of a ship, or the cargo they're smuggling it in. Well, can't they keep trying? Well, it didn't go so well the first time. One of Chopra's employees got in the way. Now, he doesn't know what happened but he has increased the security at the compound. Well, what about the cargo terminal itself? They must have some records. Well, with all the terrorism they've had recently, the place is guarded like an airport. Maybe next time you should ask your Mexican friend to be more precise. She's checking the accounts. Everything you want her to see. Before you feel too guilty, I know people who switch off runway lights before 747s land. Guys on chat-rooms who hack into baby cams so they can spy on mothers breastfeeding. Trust me, in this world, you're an innocent. You spend a lot of time in these chat-rooms? Twenty hours a day, sometimes. We work harder than bankers. Make as much? We have more fun. You don't get lonely hiding behind a screen? Bet I have more friends than you do. Do you ever meet them? What do I want to meet them for? I know people in every corner of the globe, I know everything about them. I know their families, their jobs, hobbies, bands they like. What about India? What about India? - You got any friends there? So, what do we do with the integer? Put it outside the brackets. Yes. And then? And then you go to bed. The fund's doing okay, isn't it? It's fine now. When you called, I got a little worried. I'm little worried about Alex, actually. Has he talked to you about a new fund he set up? No. Why, is there something up? Not that I can tell. It took him a while to show me the accounts but I've seen them now and they seem fine. So what's the problem? It's just not Alex. There isn't much activity. It's all very standard bonds and gilts nobody normally invests in. Then there's the outgoings. Advisory companies in different countries. Well, Karin, you've seen the accounts. Couldn't there be another explanation? Well, he said the investor doesn't give him much discretion. Well, there you go. I'm sorry. - Don't be. You're only asking because you're worried about him. Let me get you another drink. - No, I'll get them. What would you like? Uh, a half a Guinness. What's so special about those phones? Alex said you all got new phones at the office. Maybe he did, nobody else I know. You sure you don't want a pint? No, uh, half's fine. We've accessed his personal phone but he never discussed business on it. Same with emails. He's very careful. You could negotiate with him face to face, like with that policeman. I don't want to alert whoever's behind him. Who is that? Mistress? Daughter from his first marriage. Wild girl. Drugs and that trash. They hardly see each other. She's still his daughter. Mr. Jayme? I think you have the wrong house. I thought so. I waited for your wife to take your son to school. Anyone else home? Who are you? You don't look like a Jayme. You look like a kid I used to beat up at school. So where does it all happen, all this computer business you do? At work. Can you please get out? "Please"? Is that how you talk to an intruder? If you don't leave now, I will call the police. Don't worry, it's not for you. I was told your son likes cricket. How did you find me? One of your hacker friends told us you are the best. Signed by Virat Kohli. It's a present. For what? Something you're going to do for me in Mumbai. I'm happy you come to see me on your own but you came to tell us the engagement is off? No. No? I wanted to ask you about Alex's work. When his business was in trouble, I think he may have gone to Boris. No. No, no, no, darling. He was trying to help his uncle. Not the other way round. I know Boris introduced him to an Israeli friend when he was looking for investors. Semiyon Kleiman. I don't think so. Alex told me he was worried Boris was doing business with him, but that's all. Tell me, please, is something wrong? One moment the fund's in trouble, then everything's fine. It's normal to be nervous, because you are getting married. No, it's not that. Do you think Alex took bad money? No, uh... Whatever business my brother had with Semiyon Kleiman or anybody else, that's not my son. You married a good Godman. Are you sure he made the reservation himself? I just saw them go in the restaurant. It's okay. Chopra. So, enjoyed your food, huh? We're in. What are you doing now? Checking his call log. These are the only encrypted calls. From Pakistan. Can you hack them? No. But I can check the emails he sent straight after these calls. I've got something. Bhai. After his last phone call with Pakistan, this is the email he sent to the Mumbai Port Authority. It's the name of the ship and destination but, uh, what about the manifest? There's going to be hundreds of containers going on that ship. How do we know which one we want? Could you raise your arms, please. What's this? That isn't mine! Whose is it then? You must have put it there! Me? This is ridiculous. What are you trying to say? Do you know that it's illegal to have this on you? Give me my phone back! My phone! Okay, come with me. We're in. If you're happy, I'm happy. Are you happy? When you were involved in shipping, did you come across someone called Semiyon Kleiman? Sure. Why? He was interested in investing in Alex's fund. Was Alex interested, too? No. He turned him down. Smart move. See, Kleiman may be a politician now but he had a very unsavoury reputation back then. Was it justified? - Well, put it this way. You wouldn't transport aluminium in Russia in those days without stepping over a few bodies. Tell him your name and what you do. I am Rahman Ali. I was porter in, uh, Chiralaj Port for last 40 years. Last month, I lost my job. Do you still have access to the Wi-Fi network in the port? Okay. Do you remember if there was anything that might connect to the central computer system? Like an ATM machine? Did you have an electronic pass to sign in? Yes, sir! But they took it away from me. Please... Please think. Did you have access to any computers or a machine? The only machines I saw were chocolate machines. Think. I told you, I am porter. You want important man, get important man. The chocolate machine... Like an electronic dispenser. Do you remember what kind of chocolate? Why didn't you tell anyone your father was an ex-cop? Call him. Maybe he can help. Carolina? Papa. I'm in trouble. I've been arrested. I have no idea why. I can't hear you. Tell me where you are. I'll find out. Caro... He's using another phone. Papa? I got cut off. I didn't do anything wrong, I swear. It's OK, I believe you, just tell me where you are. We've got access to it. I'll come and get you now, don't worry. I love you too. No meetings this morning? - Not until 11:00. You okay? I'm just tired. I might go back to sleep. Okay, see you later. You have a chocolate vending machine in Chiralaj Port? Thank you. Everything good? Right now, all I can do is order more chocolate. I have to piggyback from the Intranet of the dispenser to the central keyboard. It all depends if someone's had the sense to block the crossing points... Which they haven't. Excuse me my friend. I'll be right back. Our friends in Mumbai have found a way into the port. Chopra's cargo is waiting to be shipped. If we steal Vadim's heroin, there will be consequences. Good and bad. And even if one of Dilly's men is caught, it won't be long before Vadim traces it back to you and me. I can still call it off. Let me know how it goes. It's like Pac-Man. What are we looking at? It's a computer allocation system. It shows port positions of all the containers. Now we just have to match them with Mr. Chopra's companies. You tired? Okay, the containers of, uh, Cross World are in Zone F. Jabal's are in Zone G. Srikkanth Steel. Srikkanth Steel. The Srikkanth Steel container's on the move. Can he go in yet? One second until I fix the security pass. Then he can enter. Damn! Power cut. Can I call? - I have to reboot. Okay, he can go in. Get going, get going! Srikkanth Steel. Okay. Head to Zone F. Loading dock three. Stop that container! There's been a mistake. The Srikkanth Steel container has to be returned. Are we okay? I have to put the right custom forms on their computer system. They're importing a crate that never left the country. Come on, come on. Mr. Chopra. I hope you have good news for me. What complications? Hey. You okay? How far is it to the Cayman Islands? Uh, I don't know. Ten hours? - You don't know? A little more, maybe? Why? - Have you ever been? Uh, sure, yeah, last month. So why didn't you tell me? Uh, I was there a day. Got off the plane, signed the deal, flew straight back. You were in New York or Sydney. - What about Dubai? Cyprus? - What about them? I invest in emerging markets. I work in those places. So do you. - No, I don't. I don't visit tax havens and offshore sink-holes to launder some corrupt politician's dirty money. Did he invest in your fund? Who? - Semiyon Kleiman. My firm was about to go under. Yes, he invested in my fund. Did you do the proper due diligence checks? Did you record his PEP status? - Of course I did. Karin did. It's all legal. - What... What does that mean? This is you, not some sleazy City tax lawyer. My business was in trouble. The people who work for me were about to lose their jobs... - Oh, come on! They could have found other positions. Don't try to justify this. All right, look, I made a mistake. I wish I hadn't taken his money. If I could go back and change it, I would. You can. - I have. I managed his capital until we're back on our feet. Now that we are, I'm going to pull out. Why does Karin think you're hiding something from her? Why, what did she tell you? She's your friend, Alex. I kept some investments from her but I will come clean. What if you get investigated? I've done nothing wrong. All those conversations we've had, Alex! About moral integrity. Doing things your way, the right way, without your family's involvement. I still believe in those things. Everything I've done, I've done for you. My parents, my sister, my uncle. You're all I care about. It's possible Chopra stole the heroin... and made it look like a robbery. Have you spoken to the Pakistanis? They were understanding. But they're not going to do business with us again. It's our associates in Moscow who are more upset. Karel Benes' phone log. A few scrambled calls to Israel... To Semiyon Kleiman. They met in Prague a few months ago. Around the time Reznick died. Was anyone with Kleiman? Just an assistant. Jay! Jay! Thank you, Papa! Who is God now, Chopra? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 