The Game: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Game 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Game (2014–2015): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 The team wonders if Arkady will risk his life for them while Joe tries to convince the team to run a double scheme. Alan struggles with a discovery that could jeopardize his marriage, and Bobby's world unravels. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I have information about a major KGB operation.
 I have a name. As time goes on, I will have more -
 each a retired or inactive agent.
 How are you given the names?
 A dead letter drop.
 You debriefed Arkady. You're inclined to believe him?
 It all sounds damn fishy to me.
 I mean, he's broken enough legs to make colonel in the KGB
 but he's going to turn his back on the whole lot
 because he fancies a trip to Harrods?
 Erm, my period, just now...
 - JOE: - You never had any problem shooting an unarmed woman.
 She was a traitor.
 Which reminds me, what do they know about you?
 60% of what's here is highly accurate intelligence.
 The other 40-odd % is fabricated.
 They wanted to send us on a wild-goose chase.
 They sacrificed incomplete intel to convince us the name was real.
 To distract us.
 Unless...what they're really planning is far more dangerous
 than anything we've imagined so far.
 BOBBY: It was misdirection from the start.
 Comrade Arkady feeds us some nonsense about defecting
 and a secret heinous plot to keep us busy
 while the real Operation Glass plays out elsewhere.
 - DADDY: - Joe...
 You were his first point of contact. What were your observations?
 He was disillusioned, determined.
 He was definitely scared, you know, but I don't know.
 Maybe he was afraid of us, not them.
 A fairly crucial distinction.
 What happened to "he tugged his left earlobe so we can trust him implicitly"?
 I can't be certain.
 - So we bring him in. We have to. - No.
 Moscow don't yet know we've uncovered their deception.
 As far as they're concerned, Arkady Malinov is still in play.
 - But clearly we can't trust him. - But we can use him.
 Shadow him,
 search his flat.
 We need to know who we are dealing with.
 He was checking a private mailbox. Fourth row down,
 fourth from the right. Whatever he was expecting, it wasn't there.
 SARAH: He's clearly been receiving secret communications via this mailbox.
 So while he was keeping us busy with the ads in The Times,
 turns out he was getting his real instructions elsewhere.
 Then it would seem safe to assume
 that Arkady has been in on the deception from the start.
 He knew his role was to create a smokescreen,
 but that may still be all he knows.
 - The flat? - The team looked at everything in Arkady's flat.
 We've got copies of anything potentially interesting
 but on first glance it all looks clean.
 So, we use him to lead us to his handler,
 the next step up the food chain.
 We use their own tradecraft against them.
 They've already established the protocol of the classified ads.
 "Dear Cousin Andrew."
 If we were to place an advert ourselves...
 Either he knows Kate Wilkinson was supposed to be the final name,
 in which case he might try to contact Moscow,
 which could lead us to his handler or...
 Or he'll follow protocol - contact us, go to the dead letter drop...
 And we give him a name and location.
 To what end, exactly?
 Well, I can't pretend it would be much more than a fishing expedition.
 But if Arkady thinks he's meeting a fellow comrade,
 he might be persuaded to let something slip.
 Something we might be able to use.
 Well, then...
 go fish.
 - JOE: - Arkady called in. He's seen the advert.
 He'll collect the name at the dead letter drop.
 All good?
 Yeah, a name, a meeting place and a message.
 What was the name?
 SARAH: 'Annabel Reeve.'
 Research chemist at UCL.
 Working on the industrial application of synthetic organic compounds.
 Recruited as a student by a charismatic professor.
 Father dead, mother ailing.
 No siblings.
 Unmarried but sexually promiscuous.
 So, not about to settle down and have babies, then?
 I'd imagine she's too busy bedding half of Unilever
 on the orders of the KGB.
 Rather her than me.
 All set? We want you in situ before our friend arrives.
 You don't have men in the restaurant?
 No. It'll just be you.
 Because it's very small. If anyone looks out of place...
 Don't worry. I'll keep my distance.
 It's time.
 Ah, you'll be here?
 You'll be fine.
 OK.
 DOORBELL JINGLES
 SARAH ON RADIO: 'Subject sighted.'
 We're off.
 Miss Reeve?
 Yes.
 I believe we once met at the conference in Torquay.
 Yes. I remember. The weather was unseasonably warm.
 - How nice to see you again. - Signor?
 It's fine, Alfredo. My friend isn't eating.
 Well, I will leave you to your lunch.
 Was there nothing else?
 I assumed you would understand.
 I do.
 I was h-hoping...
 I am sorry. I'm only the messenger.
 No, I know, of course.
 But, please, if I could just talk to you...
 just for a moment?
 Please?
 - ARKADY: - 'All right. For a moment.'
 I won't ask anything I shouldn't.
 I couldn't answer you if you did.
 No. Of course.
 It's...
 It's just...
 ..my dedication and...
 and conviction are as strong as ever,
 but I'm finding... I'm finding it hard.
 It's the waiting and the isolation.
 I mean, I-I know it has to be this way.
 I know the less each of us knows, the safer it is but, still, I...
 You just need to hold on.
 It won't be for much longer.
 It won't?
 You mean...?
 Because I was told that... that when you made contact
 it would be the endgame.
 Yes.
 'The operation is progressing as planned.'
 And you know what that means, don't you?
 You've seen the whole picture.
 I'm afraid that's all I can tell you. But trust me,
 everything is about to change.
 And when it does,
 we will all be rewarded.
 - So... - I have to go now.
 Do you think...
 Might we be able to meet again?
 I'm afraid that won't be possible.
 Goodbye, Annabel.
 Goodbye.
 DOORBELL JINGLES
 DOOR CLOSES Shit!
 Everything go OK?
 Yes. It was fine.
 You were gone for quite a while.
 There was a waiter, so I had to stay.
 But no problems, no?
 No, no. Let's just go, shall we?
 Sure.
 LAUGHTER AND CHATTER
 Waterhouse.
 Shouldn't you be holed up somewhere tapping bolshie phone lines?
 A man has to eat, Andrew.
 Erm, actually I'm glad I ran into you. Saves me a phone call.
 Um, need you to put a team on standby for me.
 I think we may need a spot of backup in the not so distant.
 Hmm, I'm afraid that may not be possible.
 How so?
 There's the small matter of a major vice operation, for one thing.
 I take it you've heard about this.
 Oh, yes, yes, yes.
 Now, our liaison chappy, Fenchurch, was pulled in to lend a hand. Oops.
 By the bye, erm, we'll need him with us full time till further notice,
 if you can pass that down the line.
 No can do, I'm afraid. We need all the manpower we've got right now.
 I don't see why, if the raid's already taken place.
 It's the mere tip of the iceberg, old boy.
 There are witness reports to examine, leads to follow up.
 Erm, you live up that way, don't you, Waterhouse?
 No, dear boy. The mater and I are in Belgravia.
 Oh, my mistake.
 For some reason, I always associate you with that area.
 Listen, Andrew. Now, this is from on high,
 so do what you have to,
 but just make sure we have a dozen officers ready to go.
 You can't just commandeer my men.
 If you need backup, you make an official request.
 You go through the proper channels.
 Yes, because that worked out so well last time, didn't it(?)
 We requested a team to monitor Kasimir Surikov.
 You, however, took it upon yourself to recall them.
 As a result, our man wound up with a knife in his guts.
 For God's sake.
 Now, I haven't shared that particular nugget with Daddy
 or your superiors,
 but I imagine it'd result in a very black mark against your name,
 would it not? Might rather put the kibosh on your promotion.
 Might even mean a demotion,
 knowing how dear old Malcolm does love a scapegoat.
 So let's continue in a spirit of cooperation, shall we?
 There's a good chap.
 Yes, I'll tell Fenchurch he's with us from now on.
 How did it go?
 Yeah, he stuck to the party line.
 "The end is in sight. You'll be rewarded for your sacrifices."
 But he... He's hiding something.
 One thing's certain. Whatever they're up to,
 it's about to happen.
 - Did he say that? - Yeah.
 (Shit.)
 Post for you, Freddy.
 When did the postal strike end?
 Er, midnight.
 Oh, damn, I was supposed to post our Carol's mum's birthday card.
 Good afternoon, sir.
 - I'm here on behalf of Customs and Excise. - Yeah?
 We have reason to believe that a Russian national has been having
 black market goods delivered to this address.
 I don't know nothing about that.
 I'm going to need to ask you to open those mailboxes over there for me.
 Boxes is locked.
 Owners have keys.
 - You don't have a copy? - Uh-uh.
 What happens if you place something in the wrong box by mistake?
 Don't make mistakes.
 OK.
 I'm going to have to come back here
 - with a police officer and a search warrant. - Okey dokey.
 Thank you.
 KETTLE BOILS
 TOILET FLUSHES
 KNOCK AT DOOR
 You needed me?
 Come in, Bobby. Please, sit.
 Andrew has some information he wishes to share with us.
 Oh, yes?
 As I say, this is strictly off the record.
 We've been given a statement by one of the rent boys from the heath raid.
 In it he refers to a regular punter
 who works as some kind of civil servant.
 Now, apparently this chap likes to brag that his work
 is of national importance.
 Very hush-hush, "Tell you, I'll have to kill you" sort of thing.
 Now, of course, this may be complete fantasy, but the thing is,
 he has given us a very detailed description of this man
 and, I'm afraid to say,
 he sounds rather like you, Bobby.
 Does he really?
 Well, now, of course, this may come to nothing, but, well,
 given the inevitable security concerns that will be raised...
 Well, I can of course assure you I'm not the man he is describing.
 Anyhow, I just wanted to give you the lie of the land.
 I will leave you with the information to do with what you will.
 Thank you, Andrew.
 Oh, and on the other matter - Kasimir Surikov.
 I'll make sure you get a formal report.
 It was a bit of an operational breakdown, but it won't happen again.
 Mm-hm.
 DOOR CLOSES
 For the record, I wish to state that I have never met this person,
 and should he provide times and dates for these alleged encounters,
 I shall be able to categorically disprove his allegations.
 I'm sure you shall.
 Trouble is, once these things are out there,
 it's not so easy to put them back into their box now...
 ..is it?
 So, all these other cards were in Arkady's flat?
 Uh-huh. Search team found them in a drawer.
 They were blank, just thrown in with some other stationery.
 I didn't think they were significant till I found the other one.
 They were all checked for hidden writing?
 Mm-hm. There was nothing.
 You said the envelope in the mailbox had a French postmark?
 Rouen. Sent five days ago.
 What do you think?
 Well, obviously, we don't know the order they arrived in, but...
 if memory serves, we have...
 Six Tuscan Poets,
 The Five Senses by one of the Brueghels -
 the Elder? Possibly the Younger.
 Cezanne's Four Bathers. Three Dancers by Degas.
 Two of Raphael's angels.
 You said it was a Delaunay in the mailbox?
 Premier Disque.
 It's a countdown.
 Certainly looks that way.
 It's hardly usual KGB protocol.
 Apart from anything else, the Party doesn't approve of abstract art.
 Joe, Arkady's on the move.
 The cards are a countdown. A man at the hotel just called in.
 Arkady's picked up the last one.
 Where is he now?
 A petrol station in Elephant and Castle.
 So, whatever the cards are counting down to...
 this must be it.
 We still have no idea what it is.
 The most obvious scenario is a rendezvous or exchange of some kind.
 The French postmark might indicate another KGB agent
 - entering the country. - Or Arkady leaving.
 If his work's done here, maybe they've told him,
 "Head for the Continent."
 Daddy, I hate to be repetitive,
 but the man is our only lead.
 We should bring him in now, get him to talk.
 Three cars, three teams of two. But don't let him out of your sight.
 Bobby, you'll provide intelligence support from this end.
 Assuming he has a full tank, there's no knowing where he's headed.
 But whatever happens, we cannot lose him!
 - BOBBY: - Are we set? - GIRLS GIGGLE
 Just waiting for the radio link.
 Good. Then make sure we can talk to all three cars.
 ALL GIGGLE
 Do you think he's heading for the coast?
 Well, he got a message from France
 and now we're headed southeast, so...
 Sarah, he's taking the next right.
 He's all yours.
 Roger that.
 Subject now headed west on to B2070,
 so we can rule out Dover or Folkestone.
 Or he could be running a cleaning route.
 Either way, the words "wild" and "goose"
 are starting to spring to mind.
 - It could be Lydd. - Hmm... Sorry? - Lydd. He could be heading for the airport.
 I thought they'd stopped running the air ferries.
 They still have a passenger service. My aunt flew from there to Le Touquet.
 Sarah, can you hear me?
 - 'Receiving.' - He's currently on course for Lydd airfield.
 Now, you cannot let him get on a plane.
 Head him off at the departure gate if you have to,
 but I repeat, do not let him get on a plane.
 If the worst comes to worst,
 couldn't we just ask the French to pick him up at the other end?
 Have you ever tried asking the French to do anything?
 Besides, God knows what passport he's using.
 They'd never bloody find him.
 Humph! Sarah!
 I need you to monitor the exits.
 Are you sure?
 Because he did only meet me the once. Perhaps I could...
 HUBBUB OF CONVERSATION
 TANNOY ANNOUNCEMENT MUFFLED BY CHATTER
 TANNOY: 'The 4.45 flight to Le Touquet is now ready for boarding.
 'Can passengers please make their way to the departure gate?'
 ANNOUNCEMENT REPEATS IN FRENCH
 Excuse me. Are there any men flying alone on this flight?
 I'll check.
 No single men, I'm afraid.
 Thank you.
 Jim?
 Nothing.
 Excuse me, excuse me.
 He hasn't gone through yet.
 There's no men flying alone on the manifest.
 Well, then, he must be meeting someone.
 INAUDIBLE
 Papa!
 Celine and Sylvie Dumarc.
 Arkady was a guest lecturer at the University of Lille six years ago.
 Celine was teaching art history there.
 According to Arkady, they found out she was pregnant
 just before he was ordered by the KGB to return to Britain.
 So they got married in secret.
 She stayed in France with the baby,
 he tried to find a way for them to be together
 without fear of KGB reprisals.
 It could be true.
 Let's find out.
 This is madness.
 You lied about your family.
 So why should we believe anything else you've told us?
 Because everything I've told you
 has played out just as I said it would.
 Why were you following me?
 The meeting in the restaurant - what was that?
 Some kind of test?
 We'll come to that.
 Yes, but...why test me at all?
 What changed?
 What made you think I couldn't be trusted?
 We found out Operation Glass was a fake.
 I'm sorr...
 No, no, I don't understand.
 Operation Glass - the operation you led us to.
 It was never meant as anything more than a distraction.
 Something to keep us busy while the real business went on elsewhere.
 No. No, no, no.
 - This... - HE SIGHS
 That makes no sense.
 You are saying Moscow wanted you to know about Operation Glass.
 But how could they?
 They couldn't have known I would defect.
 That's rather my point.
 It was only after they briefed me...
 Once I knew about the operation, about David Hexton,
 that's when I decided.
 When I knew I had something to offer you.
 And then what? Moscow simply changed their plans?
 You turned, and the KGB spontaneously engineered
 - an entirely new fictitious operation? - No.
 - # No, no, no. - HE SIGHS
 I don't know.
 Maybe they were watching Hexton.
 Maybe that led them to your people,
 maybe that led them to me.
 Or maybe you've been working for Moscow all along
 and it's time to stop the pretence.
 You know what this means?
 If they have known...
 from the beginning, if they have known...
 ..I was betraying them...
 I'm dead.
 I'm already dead.
 And yet you appear to be very much alive.
 When you thought I was a KGB agent, you assured me this was the endgame.
 That everything would soon be over and we'd all be rewarded.
 You were panicking.
 I said what I had to.
 You know how it works.
 - JOE: - The car's here.
 They're ready to go.
 Sylvie.
 Papa!
 CELINE: Kasha?
 Mon coeur.
 TRANSLATION FROM FRENCH:
 Allez.
 Allez, allez, allez.
 HE SIGHS
 They've been taken to a safe house.
 I'll make sure they get looked after properly.
 MI5 aren't going to let you see them until you give me something.
 I told you I have nothing to give.
 Is there nothing you've held back?
 A piece of information, the contact?
 Somebody inside the KGB who you could talk to?
 What? I would be dead as soon as I left this house.
 You know, they have a man who deals with traitors overseas.
 Grown men are so afraid of him, they won't even call him by his name.
 They just call him Odin.
 Odin?
 - ARKADY: - And now they say he's here.
 Where did you hear this?
 From a friend working at the embassy,
 an old comrade from the army.
 Bogdan.
 He drinks too much, sometimes talks too much.
 He said Odin is here.
 BURST OF LAUGHTER
 INDISTINCT CONVERSATION
 Wendy, I just wanted to say, excellent job earlier.
 Oh, thank you.
 I mean, it was just luck, really.
 - If my aunt hadn't been to Le Touquet... - Quite, quite.
 But still, bit of quick thinking. Saved all our bacon.
 - Um, speaking of er... - HE COUGHS
 ..of which...
 No, I wondered if I might buy you a spot of supper when we're done here.
 - Oh! - Just as a thank you.
 And er... Well, I know Mother tends to glower rather
 whenever you try to use the kitchen.
 Can't have you wasting away now, can we?
 Well, I manage pretty well on tea and toast.
 But, er...
 ..all right. Supper would be lovely.
 Capital.
 And you still think Arkady can be trusted?
 Well, he's just trying to protect his family.
 Do you agree?
 Nothing Arkady has said or done contradicts that interpretation.
 But the fact remains, the man's lied to us consistently.
 Now I, for one, would like Mr Malinov to prove himself a great
 deal more worthy of our trust before we take his word for anything.
 He's given us the name of his source inside the embassy.
 Bogdan Rodchenko.
 He's senior telecommunications officer,
 they fought together on the Eastern Front.
 He's the man who told Arkady about Odin.
 Then have Arkady make contact.
 This man Bogdan's compromised himself already.
 Let's see what else he can be persuaded to divulge.
 If Bogdan is his friend...
 ..Arkady won't want to put him in that kind of danger.
 Then we tell him we'll no longer provide protection
 for him and his family.
 What, you want to blackmail a man
 using the lives of his wife and child?
 I'm sorry if that offends your sensibilities.
 Well, intel obtained by coercion is never reliable.
 If the alternative is no intel at all...
 Arkady is all we've got.
 We must ensure his total co-operation.
 You do whatever you have to do.
 Bogdan is a good man.
 He's a loyal man.
 If I do this, if I ask him to betray his country,
 you know what they will do to him.
 I wouldn't ask if there was any other way.
 Me, I'm as good as dead.
 - But to do this to my friend... - You're right.
 You are as good as dead.
 And right now we're the only thing standing between you
 and a bullet from the KGB.
 Same goes for your family.
 This is meant to encourage me?
 It's meant to help you understand.
 If you help us to stop this operation,
 if we can bring in Odin, then you,
 your wife, your daughter - you'll finally be safe.
 And...if I don't do this?
 Then MI5 would have to consider our association to be at an end.
 She is six years old.
 Well, then...
 please...
 ..help us.
 FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING
 LIGHTER CLICKS
 MUSIC: Paranoid by Black Sabbath
 # Finished with my woman
 # Cos she couldn't help me with my mind
 # People think I'm insane
 # Because I am frowning all the time... #
 INDISTINCT CONVERSATION
 # All day long I think of things
 # But nothing seems to satisfy
 # Think I'll lose my mind if I don't
 # Find something to pacify
 # Can you help me occupy my brain?
 # Whoa, yeah... #
 Bogdan.
 Arkasha!
 TRANSLATION FROM RUSSIAN:
 # The things in life that I can't find
 # I can't see the things... #
 - BOBBY: - A couple of chaps at the club mentioned this place.
 That the food was rather good. Er...
 - I hadn't expected it to be quite so... - Yes.
 Yes, it is rather...
 We may as well have something as we're here, though, don't you think?
 Yes, of course.
 Who's that?
 Er, no-one.
 I think he's something in accounting, er...
 Yes, the, the bouillabaisse looks, er, quite good, hmm?
 TRANSLATION FROM RUSSIAN:
 Mr Rodchenko?
 Your friend here...
 ..his family is in great danger.
 Now, if you do this, I might be in a position
 to persuade my superiors to help him.
 TRANSLATION FROM RUSSIAN:
 Tell him what you need.
 We need all information linked to the operative code-named Odin.
 I work only in telecommunication.
 I am not cleared.
 But you knew he was in the country.
 There was a call on a secure line.
 - I could tell it was from a local number. - Find us that number.
 Find out who he was talking to.
 Look for any other communications he's sent or received.
 And names - get us names of anyone he's met with
 or anyone he's spoken to.
 Anything you can give us will be of help.
 I am so sorry, my friend.
 I wish there was another way.
 BOBBY SPEAKS FRENCH
 INAUDIBLE
 That's Russell Woodbridge from A Branch.
 Is it?
 Oh, yes, so it is, heh.
 And there are at least four other desk officers here.
 All with women who appear to be not their wives.
 - That's appalling. - Is that why we're here?
 - I'm not sure I... - Please don't insult my intelligence.
 I made it perfectly clear I would only stay at the house
 on the condition that our situation remained private.
 - Yes, I realise that. - Now here I am being paraded like a prize heifer.
 - Oh, my dear. Now, really, I... - It won't do, Bobby. It really won't.
 I know things are rather tricky for you at the office at the moment...
 This isn't fair.
 We had an agreement and...
 you've broken it.
 - I'm going to go. - No, Wendy, please, at least drink your soup.
 I shall start looking for new lodgings in the morning.
 La fierte des femmes.
 CHUCKLES UNCOMFORTABLY
 Bugger!
 HE WHISTLES SOFTLY
 - SLURRED: - Do you know what happened to me tonight?
 I was blanked.
 By Malcolm St George.
 Malcolm bloody St George!
 And do you know why?
 - Mother... - Because there's a rumour going around that my son
 has been buggering boys on Hampstead Heath!
 Could we not discuss this now?
 You're not even going to deny it?!
 An incompetent colleague is trying to cause trouble.
 But I'm dealing with it, it's going to be...
 You stupid, disgusting little pervert.
 Everything I've done for you,
 and you're so weak,
 you let them take it all away!
 Just like your father.
 You repulse me!
 Get out! Go on!
 Get out!
 PHONE RINGS
 Hello?
 Bogdan made contact half an hour ago.
 The meet's set for 12.30 in Bonneville Square.
 Arkady is to go alone.
 So, we're assuming Bogdan has information to pass on?
 Or he went straight back to the embassy
 and reported everything to the KGB.
 Do we think it's a trap?
 It could be.
 Well, then, clearly we have two possible outcomes.
 Best-case scenario, Bogdan hands us intel
 that cracks Operation Glass wide open.
 Worst-case, he's betrayed Arkady to his superiors
 and they're sending someone, quite possibly Odin, to get rid of him.
 In which case we may have a chance to get our hands on Odin himself.
 Then we must be ready for either eventuality.
 Bobby, liaise with Special Branch.
 We're going to need armed backup and as many bodies as they can spare.
 As soon as Arkady's in place, we need to cover every exit.
 Stay as close as you can without blowing cover.
 Yes, of course, Daddy.
 FOOTSTEPS RECEDE
 No, Sergeant, I will not be making a written request in triplicate.
 You were instructed to have armed officers on standby
 for just this eventuality.
 I want a team in position in exactly an hour-and-a-half.
 Well, you can inform your commanding officer
 that this comes direct from the head of MI5,
 acting with the full authority of the Home Office!
 And if anyone - anyone - in your ramshackle organisation
 wishes to question that authority,
 I suggest they take it up with the Prime Minister!
 - Yes? - Er, we're still looking for building plans, but it's proving
 rather difficult to find out exactly...
 - SHOUTING: - Right, everyone! Down tools.
 Now, I need to know every rear exit, every fire escape -
 in fact, every blasted inch of every building in Bonneville Square.
 So, for the next two hours,
 this takes full priority.
 Is that understood?
 Then get to it!
 I'm sorry it's so bulky.
 We just need to be sure we get the conversation on tape.
 Just in case you don't...
 Well, anyway.
 You're all done.
 You OK?
 - HE SIGHS - Yeah.
 You think Bogdan has talked?
 Well, you said you could trust him.
 But you think I'm wrong?
 So, what am I? Bait?
 We'll have men everywhere.
 We'll be watching your every step.
 If Odin makes an appearance, we'll get to him. Trust me.
 Trusting you is one thing.
 It's the others.
 How do you think Moscow knew I had turned?
 I don't know.
 Maybe you made a mistake. Maybe they were watching you.
 Maybe.
 Let him see his family.
 TRANSLATION FROM FRENCH:
 - JOE: - 'Tell me about your son.
 - YULIA: - 'He's nine.'
 My mother adores him.
 She spoils him very badly.
 And my father, he taught him to play chess.
 - Mm-hm. - But he won't play any more.
 He says, "Grandfather cheats."
 I would like to meet some of your family.
 There's no-one left to meet.
 You were very young when your parents died?
 That is sad.
 Well...
 ..I hardly remember them, so...
 But you have photographs?
 A few...of my mum.
 What about your father?
 Not any more. He's just a blank.
 We need to go.
 Everyone's in place.
 DISTORTED CONVERSATIONS OVER WIRES
 VOICES BECOMING MORE DISTINCT
 - WOMAN: - Yes, why would you?
 - MAN: - ..calm down a bit. - SECOND MAN: Good, a fresh start.
 STATIC CRACKLES
 Ow!
 Are you OK?
 All right. Obviously this isn't the best time,
 - but whatever it is that's wrong... - There's nothing wrong.
 I just wish you'd decide to talk to me about it.
 Because this... This isn't us.
 They're here.
 Just be...
 DOOR SHUTS
 ..careful.
 BABY CRIES
 Malinov?
 Malinov, hi!
 Martin! Hello.
 Well, it's funny seeing you here.
 Yeah... I'm waiting for a friend, for lunch.
 Oh? Oh, good. Very nice.
 Oh, listen, the department meeting on Friday.
 Now, I hope I can count on your support.
 These timetable changes don't work.
 No, no, absolutely, ridiculous. Yeah.
 Good! OK. Well, I'll see you on Friday, then.
 Oh, and, er, enjoy your lunch.
 HE EXHALES
 TRANSLATION FROM RUSSIAN:
 DISTORTED AND MUFFLED RUSSIAN:
 INAUDIBLE
 HE BREATHES HEAVILY
 HE GASPS
 I've got you, I've got you. I've got you.
 You're OK.
 You did it.
 Odin didn't come.
 He didn't come.
 I'm just sorry you went through all of that for nothing.
 No. Not for nothing, my friend.
 Not for nothing.
 Bogdan says this is what you need.
 - Phoenix? - That's what it said.
 Is Phoenix a person, an operation?
 We don't know.
 And there was no sign of Odin?
 No, but Special Branch assure me they conducted a thorough search.
 Alan, I want you to go back
 through every recording in the archive, if necessary.
 If there's reference to the word "phoenix", we need to find it.
 Yes, of course.
 Wendy, the same with the registry.
 Start with all recent communications, work back.
 Yes, Daddy.
 How about Arkady, huh?
 He did everything we asked of him.
 We'll gain nothing by putting him back on the street.
 Let's reunite him with his family.
 The new identities?
 I'll check. Should be ready, steady, go.
 We need to get him out of London. Somewhere safe.
 Somewhere where he'll be protected.
 Take Mr Malinov to the East Finchley safe house.
 He and his family have an early start in the morning.
 What about Bogdan?
 Pick him up as soon as he leaves the embassy.
 Let's see if we can turn him officially.
 Well, he was doing a favour for a friend.
 I don't really think he's agent material.
 I disagree. I'd say he's proved himself more than competent.
 We need to exploit that.
 Let's pick him up.
 - Sarah, could we possibly... - Sorry, Alan, not now.
 WATER TRICKLING
 MURMUR OF CONVERSATION
 Andrew, isn't it?
 I'm an old friend of your mother's.
 Hester Waterhouse.
 - Oh, yes? - How is dear Phyllis?
 Still dependent on the tranquillisers?
 - I beg your pardon? - And what about your father?
 Does he still keep that little tart in Bayswater?
 Oh, probably not.
 It was years ago.
 Of course, no-one told Phyllis.
 Why put her through pain like that?
 But rumours have a terrible habit of resurfacing, don't they?
 Oh! Cynthia!
 This time tomorrow, you'll be starting your new life.
 That's got to feel pretty good.
 You OK?
 I have to tell you something.
 Go on.
 When Bogdan gave me the name...
 ...he said something else.
 He said you should look inside MI5.
 I don't understand.
 He was trying to say that Phoenix is one of you.
 You have a mole.
 KNOCK AT DOOR
 DOOR OPENS
 The Malinovs' passports are all set.
 I just need final authorisation for payment and so forth.
 Good.
 One other thing.
 Just to be clear.
 I won't be forced out by rumour and innuendo.
 If allegations are to be made, then I shall face them head-on.
 I refuse to be shuffled off on gardening leave
 or any other ghastly euphemism.
 Well, that's not really up to you, now, Bobby, is it?
 Whatever else, I think I've earned the right to a fair hearing.
 You owe me that, at least.
 Oh? Do I indeed?
 Well, as it happens...
 ..the young man seems to have amended his description.
 So, unless you've shrunk five inches
 and acquired a limp...
 ..you're in the clear.
 Right.
 Good. Well, I knew it was only a matter of time.
 Of course.
 Anyway, I'll send Wendy across with that authorisation.
 Very good.
 - ARKADY: - Once we are settled, I shall buy her a puppy.
 A little girl should have a pet, I think.
 I always wanted a puppy.
 Oh! Maybe I'll buy one for you, too.
 So, what now?
 Now, we, er...
 We wait. They'll be here any minute.
 - OK. - Cup of tea?
 Yes, please.
 GUNSHOTS
 Hi, Joe.
 It's nice to see you again.
 No, no, no. Stay there, I think.
 So, here I am.
 Come to kill the traitor.
 It's familiar, no?
 Not to worry...
 ARKADY CHOKES ..he is nearly dead.
 ARKADY COUGHS
 I'll see you soon.
 Arkady!
 Hey, hey!
 You're going to be OK. All right? Listen to me.
 Look at me, look at me. Look at me.
 You're going to be fine.
 ARKADY CHOKES AND SPLUTTERS
 (Sorry...)
 (Sorry.)
 (Sorry.)
 ENGINE STARTS
 They found Bogdan.
 I don't get it. How the hell did Odin know where you'd be?
 He knew because one of us told him.
 I'm going to go through everybody one by one,
 and eliminate them.
 Alan. If you wanted somebody you wouldn't suspect,
 then Alan would be your man.
 Bobby. He's ambitious, devious.
 Wendy.
 She's at the very heart of 5.
 Sarah.
 Every suggestion she's made, every idea she's had, she's been right.
 Daddy was younger than me when he joined 5.
 If he turned KGB mole, he'd be the greatest agent they've ever had.
 There's one other possibility.
 Me.  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 