The Game: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Game 
 s1e3 - Episode Three - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Game (2014–2015): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode Three - full transcript 
 The team discovers a sleeper agent with terrifying connections in the US military. Faced with a formidable foe who not only appears to be a traitor, but a trained spy with access to US ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  I have information  about a major KGB operation. It has been named  Operation Glass. SARAH: My God. Operation Glass  is a pre-emptive  nuclear strike on the UK. BOBBY: I'm worried  about Daddy. The business with  the Chinese dancer? Let me make amends.  Now, you're having  trouble with your flat. Well, there's a room  going in my house. DADDY: We let Arkady  collect the next name. JOE: How are you  given the names?  ARKADY: A dead-letter drop. Arkady said the history  of counterintelligence 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 will be split into before  and after Operation Glass. Well, that to me suggests  a sequence of events, not just bombs  flattening London. You are putting  your personal agenda  ahead of the mission. That has nothing  to do with it! You've got a thing going  with Odin, haven't you? -I bet there's a woman  involved somewhere.  -(GUNSHOT) Will I be safe? Trust me. (THUNDER RUMBLING) Let me help. Hmm. Your home is very... Ah, it's basic.  I don't need much. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I was meaning to say boring. It's like hotel. Nothing is you. Do you want me to go? No. Stay. Please. Christopher, it's okay. Joe. My name's Joe. My real name. (SIGHS) Joe, please tell me this is  about today's crossword. JOE: A new name makes sense. Mallory called  Operation Glass "A constellation  of the stars." The two activated agents?  That's not a constellation,  that's a start. Why would they  still trust Arkady? They bought the story  of Mallory's suicide. He had a history of violence,  they must have  known he was a risk. Or they didn't buy it and this is a trap. Daddy? We can't very well  sit on our hands. Brief the others. Let Arkady collect the name  and reactivate the agent. The game is still on. (THEME MUSIC PLAYING) I understand that  Arkady's instructions  were different this time? He was told  she'd be at The Bird  of Happiness at 1:00 p.m. (INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS) Hello? My friend should be there  sitting alone. Yes... Can you pass on a message? It's very important  she gets it immediately. If she was rattled  at being activated,  she didn't show it. She was running  a cleaning route. Doubling back on herself,  checking for shadows. DADDY: Trained?  SARAH: Hmm. JOE: She's good, too. BOBBY: Her name is  Katharine Wilkinson, Kate. 36, unmarried,  no living relatives. PA to the manager of  a women's clothing importer. No links to Moscow,  at least not on paper. SARAH: Arkady's message  meant something to Kate. It triggered a new stage  in the operation. And the message itself? "Detained by..." What? "Bears." "Detained by bears." SARAH: We followed her  to a hotel where she met  an American man. Her lover apparently. BOBBY: Well, the man  is none other than  Hank Chambers. Uh, Katharine, you know the... BOBBY: US Defence Attache,  only in the job three months. He's across  all US activity on UK soils, military bases,  joint nuclear defences, interception of  Soviet communications... SARAH: That's not  the most worrying thing. As I said, this doesn't read  like a first liaison. I mean, it appears  they have been lovers  for some time. KATE: John's wife, she mentioned  some big do you're all off  to tomorrow evening. A reception for your work? It's fine, truly. You must have  a string of girls you invite  to things like this. Younger, nicer manners. Family names and all that. HANK: You think  that matters to me? You guys are the ones  who are obsessed with names. You can't tell me  there's no one else. HANK: I can see  what you're doing. Now, we talked about this. I got to get clearance,  it's not easy. I don't care about  some tedious work thing. I just want to spend  Friday night with you. I'll see you next week  and it'll be just grand! HANK: Damn it! Come. It's Friday night. And I should be spending  Friday night with my girl. DADDY: So, the question is,  what's so important  about tomorrow night? Tap her phone.  Shadows round the clock. Do what you can  without alerting Chambers. The last thing we need is the cousins  getting wind of this  before we know her plan. ALAN: French, German, Russian... Oh, she's got one  over you, my love. She reads Italian, too. Anch'io leggo italiano. ALAN: Are you getting  competitive with a Soviet spy? -You started it.  -(CHUCKLES) ALAN: How do they do it,  do you think? Joe, this girl, jumping in and out of beds  like it's another day  at the office. Best get a wriggle on, love.  We don't know  when she'll be back. ALAN: I'm done. JIM: What makes  a girl like that  turn on her country? And she's so... Normal looking. -JOE: Pretty, you mean.  -No. Well, yeah. Maybe. A girl like that'd  have life on a plate. What makes her wake up  one morning and think, "Sod all this! Sod the Queen,  sod Harrods, sod football, "and these nice clothes  I'm wearing, "tear it all down,  let the Reds have at it." Well, perhaps she's never  had anyone explain patriotism  to her quite so persuasively. Look out, you're up. Detective Inspector  James Fenchurch. Thirty pence. She bought a return ticket  to Lakenheath via Cambridge. 2:30 train. There's an RAF base  in Lakenheath, right? US Air Force. Under their control. (PHONE RINGS) Joe, you've got me and Sarah.  Daddy's on his way down. Her train leaves  in three minutes. SARAH: Right. Lakenheath. There's a reception  at the base this evening. A staff hand-over. Dignitaries from  over the pond,  a few from our side, too. It's likely she's  looking to reel in... -(DOOR OPENS)  -...a bigger fish  than Chambers. (DOOR CLOSES) Joe, there's a reason for it. Last week, Lakenheath took  delivery of four new aircraft  we're not meant to know about. The Americans have  nuclear weapons on our soil. DADDY: Joe? Joe, did you hear me? I heard you. WOMAN ON PA:  2:30 to Lakenheath... Kate being activated,  it can't be a coincidence. DADDY: No. I'm afraid not. Joe, we gotta go. BOBBY: Don't do  anything rash now, okay? Joe? I'll get the American desk.  Warn the cousins. We're not meant to know  about the new delivery. SARAH: Bobby, consider,  they'll descend the moment  she gets off the train,  guns blazing. Is that not  an appropriate response? We're talking about  nuclear weapons,  you said it yourself, she's a high level activation. If they arrest her,  this becomes  an international news story. What if she doesn't intend  to act today? It could be  a scouting mission. Get a discreet team  out to Lakenheath. We have to hope  Joe has the measure of Kate  by the time he gets there. It'll be his call  as to whether we intervene. Enjoying it? It's all right. I thought I was the only one  who hadn't read it. What's your excuse? Just unfashionable, I suppose. I should doubt that. Not a fan? You could say that. What exactly am I missing? I'm not sure  I'm the best person to ask. You don't like it, either? Excuse me. JOE: She's doing a runner. No, she's not.  She's in there. -JOE: Sorry.  -(GASPS) Excuse me. -Sorry.  -Watch it. They're two men following me.  Please stop them. We've gotta get past... Shit. (GRUNTING) (GLASS CLATTERS) (GRUNTS) (KATE GRUNTS) (SPEAKING RUSSIAN) I was going to arrest you. Arrest me? I'm MI6, you bloody idiot! (CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING) (KNOCKING ON DOOR) (SNIFFLES) What's the fuss about  out there? Are you... Oh, shall I leave? The season is closed  because of blackouts. We go back to Hong Kong. You've been so kind to me. So many gifts. Far less than you deserve. DADDY: Are these... Did you dance  in these tonight? I can get you new ones. No, no. Chen Mei, these are... CHEN MEI: I am not good  at asking for things. I need your help. My visa, I... I want to stay. -Chen Mei, I...  -Mei. You can call me Mei. Mei, I... I don't know who  you think I am... CHEN: You're important. You give money to the theatre. I don't know what it is  you think I can do for you. CHEN: Maybe you know people. Important people. You talk to them. Don't make me go back. Please. Please. (PHONE RINGING) DADDY: Take that, would you? Potential defection.  Chinese girl. Of course.  Uh, who's it for? For? No one. You. Liaise with the China desk. You want me to run this? DADDY: You hardly need  run anything. It's an admin job. I'm afraid you won't even  leave the Fray. (STUTTERING) Yes.  No. Of course. Why did you talk to me  in Russian? (SCOFFS) Who did you think I was? Well, you assumed  somebody wanted you dead. I'm sorry, you've got  somewhere else  you'd rather be? Yes, actually. Instead, I'm stuck  in Boy Scout's camp with the president  of a blasted book club. No, I'm... I'm with you.  Thank you. She checks out. She's south of the river. 6 are going to want  blood for this. (CLICKS TONGUE) She's free to go. SARAH: Everything needs  to be cross referenced. It's simpler than it looks.  It's... It's the way you  start to see patterns... ALAN: Brand new, top secret  surveillance technology that I really shouldn't  be showing you... WENDY: He really  should sell tickets. -Yeah, we'd pay  off the mortgage.  -(CHUCKLES) ALAN: Right in  the bottom of the box. (LAUGHING) GEORGE: Bloody hell. They've let one of the Parkers  out of its cage. Hope you've had  your jabs, girls. This one  looks positively feral. -(WOMEN LAUGHING)  -GEORGE: Excuse me, ladies. GEORGE: Hello, darling. (GIGGLING) Makes you feel big, I presume. Picking on someone  who'd never dream  of talking back. Could never talk back  without you having a word  with your pals at the club, putting a mark  against his name. Now, now, Sarah... That man achieves  more for this country  in a morning than you do in a year. And those laughs he got?  He earned them. You got laughs  because you could have  those women fired. -Sarah...  -Best not make  a scene, George. They'll only say  I hit a nerve. Ah, Bobby. Just the man. That woman wants  a bloody good seeing to. Jumped up little harridan. Mmm. GEORGE: Right. Could we have Wendy put this  ballerina business on ice? It's not a good time  for stirring up the PRC. -Ballerina?  -Potential defection.  Are you not across that? Ah, yes. Um... Hong Kong ballet, isn't it? Yeah, that's it. I mean, it's all right  and tight on paper, but things are a bit  delicate with Beijing, what with Nixon's visit  on the cards. So, you'll tell her? Yes, of course.  Let me handle this. Right. (DOOR OPENS) (DOOR CLOSES) I trust you're comfortable  in the attic room. At home? Very comfortable,  thank you. Only I'm not sure I can  accept your hospitality  for much longer. Why ever not?  You're very welcome. Well, the thing is, I suspect  your mother might  suspect you and I are... You know. She keeps asking  about my parents  and smiling at me. Yes. Ah! Um... Mother worries, you see. She badly wants to see me  settled and married. The truth is I'm not sure  I'm cut out for all that. Uh, anyways,  what goes on here,  that's what's important. Oh, gosh, yes! I mean, babies, a wedding,  maybe one day. But this is where  I want to be. It's all I want. So, you understand? It takes the pressure off,  you see, you being  in the house with... -With Mother.  -I'm sorry, Bobby. I'd really prefer  not to give an impression  that might be dishonest. Well, no rush to decide. Um, more pressing is  this dancer of yours. Uh, I assume it was Daddy  who got the ball rolling? And you're running  all the standard checks? You'll want a sense  of her loyalties,  who she talks to. Uh, trail her. Get ears  into the dressing room. Daddy said  this was an admin job. Ordinarily, yes. But apparently  this Chen Mei is  something of a name. That changes matters.  Puts the spotlight on us. Use Alan if you have to,  but don't bother Daddy  with this again. (DOOR OPENS) (DOOR CLOSES) Oh! I didn't expect to see you  till home time. Is the proverbial  not hitting the fan with 6? It is. I, um... My period, just now. Sorry. No, no, no, no, my love, no. Oh, this is not  what you deserve... No, I won't listen to this. Um... For all we know it's me. Too much squatting. Have a think about it. Putting microphones  behind skirting boards, drilling through walls. Perhaps my spermatozoa  are all flat. At school, were you away  the day they did reproduction? Oh, possibly.  I was a sickly child. (CHUCKLES) (SIGHS) We'll weather this. We're pals. Worst case scenario, I get you all to myself. That's not too shabby. (SOBBING) You devastate me. Every day. (DOOR OPENS) Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, no, Wendy, come in.  I was just going. ALAN: Right. Here we are.  The mic's well-hidden. And you're sure  it'll last over night? It's just... I'll have to  leave it in the dressing room  rather early and the dancers  won't arrive... You're nervous. Oh, God, is it that obvious? Oh, no, no, no. It's just, usually  it's only Muggins here  with sweaty palms. Nice to find a kindred spirit. A regrettable day. I'm sure we can both come  to a better understanding  of what went wrong. You will drop whatever  absurd notions you have  against my officer and I won't take this  any further. With all due respect,  her behaviour over  the last 24 hours... Her behaviour  is none of your concern. Whatever this  Operation Glass is, Kate has nothing  to do with it. She's one of my best. Does the Foreign  Secretary know that you've been  plying the trade  with Chambers? The Secretary knows that  as far as our relationship  with the US is concerned, forewarned is forearmed. That explains Lakenheath, too,  does it? Today's friends could be  tomorrow's enemies. You know that. If my girl gets so much as  another sideways glance from  one of your Hoover salesmen, I shan't report it  to the Secretary. I'll go straight to the PM. I don't give a damn  where she clocks  in of a morning. She accepted that activation  without blinking an eye. What do you mean?  We're staying on her? Daddy, C will have your head. Not if I'm right, he won't. If Glass has anything  to do with the B41s  at Lakenheath, I have to side with Daddy.  We can't take any chances. And if she's being set up? Then we'll send her flowers. Until that's proven,  we assume she's Red. Stick to her like glue. Bugger the risk. (ENGINE STARTS) (PHONE RINGING) Hello? (SPEAKING RUSSIAN) Ah! (SNIFFING) Thank you! They're beautiful. I missed the first half,  I'm afraid. There was an almighty bloomer  at work. DADDY: That or a breakthrough,  I'm not quite sure which. CHEN MEI: Are you okay?  DADDY: Oh, yes, yes, yes. DADDY: At least I got to  see you take your bow. I think that might be  my favourite part. DADDY: Bobby. He put you up to this? I haven't taken it to him. -I don't want to.  -No? What do you want, Wendy? I'm not... I want you to take care of it. Don't you think I had her  vetted from the start? She's not Red. She fled China  in fear of her life. Daddy... DADDY: One day,  not too far off, I shall get up  out of this chair and go, never to cross  the threshold again. And do you know  what's awaiting me  on the other side? Tennis and garden parties and afternoons  that stretch out for weeks. I shall become the man  my wife thinks  she's married to. I won't give her up. I don't care  what they're saying. You can do with that  what you will. KATE: Hello? (SPEAKING RUSSIAN) (KATE SPEAKING RUSSIAN) This is from last night? Daddy was right. She's meeting her handler. (SPEAKING RUSSIAN) (SPEAKING RUSSIAN) Her handler  is Kasimir Surikov, a Soviet trade delegate  of three years standing. Why wasn't he on our radar? He was, of course,  but he checked out. No meaningful ties to the KGB.  He was a drunk, incompetent. Was? Hmm. Seems we've missed a trick  somewhere along the line. Sarah, get what you can  with Kasimir. Joe, the girl...  Get under her skin,  turn her double agent. -Daddy...  -We can't accuse her again  without definitive proof. If we don't secure  her tonight, it's over. Turn her double agent, Joe.  Talk to her, charm her. Whatever it is you do to them. Should you have told me  your name? No. Then why did you? Because... Because this, it has nothing  to do with what I do. Wait. I tell people what they want  to hear all the time, all day. I'm good at it. But this... That's not what this is. Joe. I know. I trust you. Boy Scouts.  Book Club President. (MUSIC PLAYING) (JOE WHISTLES) I like your flat. What, you... Won't even have a drink first? Give me a chance to apologise? Really? That's your angle? Hmm. What on earth do you lot think  you have on me  that you'd risk this? Do you know what's about  to come down on your heads? I don't think you've dialled  enough numbers. I'm John, by the way. "John." How refreshingly  straightforward. Hmm. I suppose so, Kate. Katharine. With an "a".  Like Hepburn. (MUSIC STOPS) (DIAL TONE) You trust me with a bottle? Brave. (EXHALES) I'll say this for blackouts,  they make shadowing easier. I wish you hadn't spoken  to George. I'm sorry if you feel... I didn't mean  to undermine you. Undermine me?  For goodness sake, Sarah,  I couldn't care less. I want you to think  of yourself. You're on the fast track. Daddy won't be around forever,  and men like George... -Oh, darling...  -No. The man's a plum,  but he has influence. You must be more careful. You deserve their respect. -You should have  their respect.  -(DOOR CLOSES) (FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING) He's on the move. (ENGINE STARTS) What made you start  following me? We saw you with Chambers. You were watching Hank? Why? I've been seeing Hank  for two months, you've been following me  two days. What changed? On the train the other day, what did I do  that spooked you so badly? You talked  like you were flirting, but your body language,  your gaze... I know what a man looks like  when he's keen, John. You thought I was KGB  because I didn't leer at you? Truthfully, it was mostly  the book. I've used  the same trick myself. Difference is,  I always remember to crack  the spine a little first. (POURING WINE) Why did you meet  with Kasimir Surikov today? I met Kas in Moscow,  years ago now. The product's  never been stellar,  but he's easy to maintain. -And you run him as an agent?  -God, no, he has no idea. I'm surprised 5  are interested.  He's not KGB. He can barely manage  the job he has. Or do you know something  I don't? We're interested in Kas  because you met with him. That's all. And your interest in me is? Boundless. John. Really? I'm sure it would be good. You're very pretty and  we are both professionals,  after all. Then what happens? I'm so dazzled by you  I forget my training? Tell you everything? Chambers. Were you sleeping with him  because 6 told you to? They never tell you to. Not in so many words. Were you told  to screw me tonight? Not in so many words. Here's a suggestion. Take the night off. Just ask me what you want  to ask me. Are you a Soviet agent? No. Can you tell me  why you think I am? No. Sarah. Wait, there's something here. (COUGHING) So, I see this ending  one of two ways. We find proof, you become  an international headline, and spend the rest  of your life in prison. Or... You turn double agent. You give us Odin. Who? You give us everything. You end this and you end this a hero. There's a third way. You don't find proof. Daddy loses this gamble  and with it, his job, but I put in a good word  for you, because you're such  good company. (KNOCKING ON DOOR) Hope you don't mind,  I saw you pull up. My car's packed it in and... You couldn't give us  a jump start, could you? Uh, I do not have  wires, sorry. Oh, jump leads? (CHUCKLING) I've got them.  I just need you and your car. Sorry. Mate, mate...  Come and do us a favour. It'll take a few seconds. (SIGHS) Thank you. (WHISPERING) Sarah, come on! Yes! It's bank statements mostly. An account in Georgia. "All happy families  are alike." Oh, "But every..." BOTH: "...unhappy family  is unhappy in its own way. Anna Karenina. Might it point to a cipher? -Something in the book?  -Maybe. I don't remember seeing  a copy in the house. -What is it?  -Maybe Kate has a copy. This could be for her flat. (PHONE RINGING) Hello? It's for you.  Someone called Sarah. You lot do realise  you're a covert service? -This had better be good. -SARAH: Check the bookshelves. You're looking for a copy  of Anna Karenina. In the original Russian.  Tell him. Got it. What the hell are you doing? Check between the pages  or maybe behind it  on the shelf. There's nothing here. John, hang up the telephone  right now. I'm hanging up now. SARAH: Joe, wait!  Get me the publication... If you... (SIGHS) (DIALLING) It's Kate.  Put me through to Jerry. ALAN: Her intel is meticulous. Every heartbeat at Lakenheath  is accounted for, every detail of the new  delivery laid out. The new delivery? The cousins have nuclear  warheads at Lakenheath. Kate Wilkinson was close  to collecting all the intel needed  to sabotage one of them. Jesus, meaning what? Set one off? Had we not pursued her,  had she been able to complete  her operation, well, the resulting disaster. We're talking a death toll  in the thousands. Half the east coast  written off for years and it would have looked  like nothing more  than an accident. American negligence. Bloody hell. Not a Soviet shot fired  and we'd have been  on our knees. What would they have done? Not invaded? It's possible that that's what  the "constellation"  referred to, yes. Chambers could not  have had access  to that much intel. Plus, she'd been on him  for two months, not two years. JOE: So, if it wasn't  from Chambers, where did Kate  get it all from? Church gossip.  Where do you think? She's likely had half  of Lakenheath in her bed. We'll get  to the bottom of that  and the full extent of Glass. Remarkable work, all of you. Now, must dash. I'm running late  for what could be the most satisfying  meeting of my life. Wendy, with me. South of the river? South of the river. Quite a week for a bunch  of Hoover salesmen. Quite. I wanted to reassure you  about the matter we discussed  the other day. Oh, Daddy? Quick update  on the defection situation. Go on, then. Don't mind Wendy. Well, I think you're right... We can push on  without rocking the boat  before Nixon's visit. -Good, good.  -And it should be even more straightforward with  the husband. The husband? Yeah, well...  He wasn't born in China.  See, unlike the girl. So, um, anyway, it's...  It's all in there. Oh, capital.  Thank you, George. Okay. Hmm. -Where's that going now?  -This? Under lock and key till  MOD get someone over  to consult. She's being moved  to the facility in Reading. You know what that means,  don't you? And they won't stop  until she starts talking  about Glass, whether she's KGB or not. "Or not"? You think... What? I think if there's any chance  this is really a set-up,  it could be me in that cell. It could be Sarah. Will you take another look? All right. (DOOR OPENING) Tell me about the message  in the restaurant. "Detained by bears." Um... When Kas and I started  drinking together, our favourite vodka  had these big angry bears  on the label. We started using it  as shorthand for a hangover. "Detained by bears." The message, it wasn't  some sinister KGB code, it just meant  that he couldn't make lunch,  he was passed out somewhere. That intel in my flat... I've never seen it before  in my life. Kas must have found out  I was 6. He helped set me up. You trust me, John.  I know you do. Joe. Not John. Whatever this is,  Kas is not the mastermind. He's your weak link. It's why I'm here.  Kas has gone missing. Something spooked him. He switched cars  with a neighbour,  lost his shadows. (LAUGHS) He's the only one  who can prove -I wasn't working with him  and you...  -Wait! You bloody well lost him! They're taking you to Reading. All I can do is find Kas. Help me. Okay, okay. He...  There are a couple of pubs, he has friends, not many,  but they might help him,  let him hide out. There's a...  There's a bath house  in the East End. He knows the owners,  he practically lives there  and he's... Right. Give me every name you have. Let's go. HESTER: It's the third  wedding this year,  and it's not even March. Do you know what it's like  at these things? "Your Bobby will be next,"  they say. But they don't mean it.  They know! Truly, Mother, you mustn't  concern yourself so much  with how I'm perceived. For a man in your position,  you are tediously dense,  Bobby. Perception is everything.  Everything! As long as you have a wife  on your arm in public, behind closed doors,  you can do whatever ungodly things  you like to  whomever you like. Mother! (FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING) (KNOCKING ON DOOR) Come in. With all the excitement,  we haven't had a chance to touch base  about your operation. I knew  it was too good to be true,  getting my own assignment. You chose somebody  who wouldn't question you. No, that is why Daddy  chose you. I chose you because you have  proven yourself dependable and we could afford  to lose you from Glass. Daddy left himself vulnerable,  rendering the Service  vulnerable and by extension  the country. Someone had to step in. You can bring  any surveillance you collected  to my office tomorrow. Oh, I destroyed it. I knew how badly it could  have damaged him. That is, if it had fallen  into the wrong hands. I see. -Yes, quite right.  -Perhaps, I should  have kept it. He's having her  deported as "unfriendly,"  did you hear? She won't be able  to travel again. She'll be sacked  from the dance company. He should have known better. He sealed that girl's fate  the minute he gave people  cause to talk. Because perception  is everything. Right? I... I... I think I'd like  to stay on here. -At... At the house,  if it helps.  -Pardon? Bobby, the way your mother  talks to you... Oh, there's been  a misunderstanding, I think... Bobby, I'd like to stay. As long as  it's kept quiet at work,  I'd like to stay. (DOOR OPENS) Goodnight. Good night, my dear. Kasimir knows the owners.  They might be letting him  lay low for a while. -Come on.  -Joe. (GRUNTING) (GROANING) Joe? Joe! Joe, it's me. (GROANING) Jim, hold that. Kasimir. Kasimir. Kasimir! Now, if you want to live,  you'll talk fast. Were you Kate's handler? (COUGHING) Is she KGB? Who are you protecting  by not talking? Mother Russia? 'Cause Mother Russia  just stabbed you  and left you for dead. Now, you helped set her up,  but you're not KGB, are you? No, you're too weak. Odin knew he couldn't  trust you. He said... (BREATHING HEAVILY) I... I could go home  if I did what he said. He lied. She was your friend  and you helped them  set her up. MI6... Bitch wasn't my friend. She... She... She lied to me  for 10 years. (GROANING) (FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING) -Ready to go, love?  -Hmm. What is it? Something new? ALAN: Hmm.  JOE: Sarah? Joe, what happened? Kasimir's dead. Where's Daddy? Sarah! Buggeration! We need to consider  how much faith we put  in the word of a dying man. BOBBY: A dying Soviet spy. JOE: Daddy, Kate's innocent.  The KGB set her up. They've obviously  been on to us ever since  Mallory went off the rails. Say that's true.  Say they knew  Arkady was compromised and they wanted to send us  on a wild goose chase. Why sacrifice such hugely  valuable intel to do it? SARAH: I agree. They had the resources  to sabotage Lakenheath,  to devastate us. No. They didn't. Uh, sorry to barge in,  I didn't mean to intrude. JOE: It's fine. What is it? Well, the first thing  that seemed a bit off  were the map notations. Only tiny errors. Not uncommon  in Soviet maps  charting British soil. But this isn't  of Russian origin,  this is supposedly Kate's. -But that's hardly  enough to...  -ALAN: Yeah, I agree. But it was odd,  so I took a closer peek  at the schematics. 60% of what's here is  highly accurate intelligence, Lakenheath facilities,  staff movements,  the B41s themselves. The other 40 odd percent  is fabricated. Highly sophisticated  fabrication, sure, but, nonetheless,  it's codswallop. So, they sacrificed  incomplete intel to convince us  the name was real. To distract us. Sarah's right, they're gonna  come after Lakenheath. Not today perhaps, but soon. So why give it up? Unless,  what they're really planning  is far more dangerous than anything  we've imagined so far. Moscow don't yet know  we've uncovered  their deception. As far as they're concerned,  Arkady Malinov is  still in play. But clearly,  we can't trust him. But we can use him. We found out Operation Glass  was a fake. WENDY: The meet  is set for 12:30  in Bonneville Square. Arkady is to go alone. DADDY: Do we think  it's a trap? BOBBY: Worst case scenario,  they're sending someone  to get rid of him, quite possibly Odin,  in which case we may have  a chance to get our hands  on Odin himself. This takes full priority!  Is that understood? Hi, Joe.  It's nice to see you again. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 