The Game: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Game 
 s1e5 - Episode Five - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Game (2014–2015): Season 1, Episode 5 - Episode Five - full transcript 
 The team is reeling from the shocking discovery of a mole among them, and as the Soviet plot continues unabated, it is up to Wendy to give the team the break they need. Meanwhile, when ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Three months ago, I was approached
 by an old agent of mine, Colin Blakefield. He believed
 Moscow was preparing a major operation.
 - JOE: - The KGB set Kate up. She's innocent.
 Whatever this is, Kas is not the mastermind.
 He's your weak link.
 - Obviously this isn't the best time, but whatever it is that's wrong... - There's nothing wrong.
 ..I just wish you'd talk to me about it.
 - ARKADY: - 'When Bogdan gave me the name,
 'he was trying to say that Phoenix...'
 is one of you.
 You have a mole.
 GUNSHOT
 I don't get it. How the hell did Odin know where you'd be?
 Arkady.
 He knew because one of us told him.
 Wail! For the day of the Lord is near.
 It will come like destruction from the Almighty.
 All hands will be feeble and every human heart will melt.
 They will look aghast at one another and their faces will be aflame.
 And behold, the day of the Lord will come with rage
 and a fierce anger. It will come like destruction...
 - What will you miss the most? - About England?
 Magazines.
 A washing machine.
 Sherbet dips.
 SANDWICH-BOARD MAN: ...And the heavens will melt...
 What are you looking forward to?
 At home?
 My son Pyotr, of course. Erm...
 ..and the sinners will be removed...
 - My mother's...spice... - They will come from a far-off country
 and they will come from beyond the heavens and they will destroy the sinners...
 ..spice bread?
 - Gingerbread? - Gingerbread.
 And you? What will you miss?
 No-one. Nothing,
 I mean, you know, like...
 Music, maybe. Books.
 Books.
 We have Chekhov, Tolstoy, Dostoyevsky, and you have Agatha Christie.
 Trust me, I'm doing you a favour.
 I should, er...get to work, you know.
 Treat it like it's an ordinary morning.
 3pm at the station?
 3pm at the station.
 SANDWICH-BOARD MAN: ..at the wrath of the Lord of Hosts
 in the day of the fierce anger.
 Whoever is found will be thrust through,
 and whoever is caught will fall by the sword.
 SIREN BLARES
 MAN: I can see the detonator.
 Hold on.
 There's a secondary. I'm just going to disrupt the...
 Wait.
 Booby trap.
 Mercury tilt. Looks like these boys were thorough.
 I'm taking care of the tilt.
 One snip. Nearly there. Two.
 All right.
 Shit.
 Why isn't the timer...
 The timer hasn't stopped.
 I'm breaking the connection now.
 It's OK.
 I've got it now.
 It's OK.
 THEY SHOUT
 Roberto!
 Edgar. What a treat.
 In precisely three minutes, you'll ask yourself, "How can I repay Edgar?
 "How can I ever thank him?"
 Well, don't worry. Like a sumptuous meal, the bill comes at the end.
 So...
 We've been tapping the phone of some IRA monkey.
 Total waste of taxpayers' hard-earned.
 One nibble, though.
 IRA monkey rings a number. Chap answers, British accent.
 "Philip, says IRA monkey," it's fixed.
 "You're going to meet the big fella."
 We trace the number,
 and it turns out that "Philip" is Captain Philip Denmoor
 of the 321 Squadron,
 bomb disposal.
 He's a bloody war hero. Got his face blown off by an IRA firecracker,
 which makes this jaw-jaw with the Mick all the more queer.
 Could we possibly lurch forward to the moment this concerns me?
 Patience, Roberto.
 We put a couple of shadows on him. Thing is, he barely leaves the house.
 Until yesterday, when he slips out for a tete-a-tete with a friend of yours.
 That's Philip.
 Looks like the bloody Elephant Man under that scarf now.
 And this fellow here...
 Is Colin Blakefield.
 Sarah's missing informant.
 My God.
 The moment we ID'd him, I thought, "That's the chap Roberto's after!"
 Anyway, your boy talks to Philip for a minute
 and then he hands over a package about yea big.
 - And what happened to Colin? - Vamoosed.
 We would have followed, but Cap'n Denmoor was our quarry
 and we've barely enough bodies for a barbershop quartet.
 Londonderry rather blotted our copybook.
 If this turns out to be gold,
 you tell Daddy it was me who brought it to school.
 Deal?
 Six months ago, Captain Philip Denmoor was severely wounded
 while defusing a bomb in a car park in north Belfast,
 but according to his commanding officer, in the months leading up to it,
 he'd become prone to mood swings, violent outbursts,
 prompting speculation that the accident was in fact a botched suicide attempt.
 - Wouldn't be the first disaffected serviceman to be approached by Moscow. - Any Communist sympathies?
 As far as we can see, his only connection with Sov personalities is this meeting with Colin Blakefield
 when he was handed a package, contents unknown.
 Sorry, I'm, er...lagging behind a bit here. Who's Colin Blakefield?
 A petty thief and a black marketeer.
 Runs a dismal import-export business,
 smuggling Western goods behind the Iron Curtain.
 Does the odd scrap of work for us,
 carrying documents and equipment to our people in the USSR.
 Hm. Overall, the sort of chap one keeps at arm's length,
 thereupon realising he's swiped your wristwatch.
 Several months ago, he approached me with rumours of a major KGB operation,
 an operation we now know to be Operation Glass.
 We've searched all his usual haunts,
 questioned all his associates,
 all without any joy.
 This is the first anyone has seen of him for weeks.
 Then refocus on Blakefield.
 He's our last living lead.
 You turned the city over for him once.
 Do it again.
 But we should find out what's in that package.
 Now, it says here, Denmoor gets daily visits from a nurse. Send Wendy in.
 Get us access to the house.
 - Daddy, shouldn't... - You trained with St John's, didn't you?
 Well...well...I know some first aid, but I'm not sure...
 Well, then, it's settled.
 - SARAH: - Someone in the infirmary has talked you through Philip's treatment?
 - WENDY: - Yes. - And we've been over how best to swipe the keys.
 Don't rush, and don't ever assume he's not watching me.
 Exactly. Even if you think you're alone, you still go through the motions.
 Oh.
 Take me through your legend.
 Er...Grace Hopkins, 21. Libra.
 I live in Hendon. I have three older sisters, Poppy, Susan, Bridget.
 Both my parents, Leonard, a surveyor and local councillor,
 and Elaine, also a nurse, likes a drink, are still alive.
 I'm engaged to Tim, though I'm starting to have second thoughts.
 He's training to be a vet.
 One day, I hope to travel to India.
 I play the trumpet.
 Well, that's...
 No, no, full marks for...for thoroughness.
 But the secret is to keep it as simple and close to the truth as possible.
 You don't want to get caught out. All right?
 Don't worry. It becomes second nature after a while.
 I never know whether that's a good thing.
 Wendy? Look at me.
 You're ready for this. You'll be there an hour maximum.
 Bonne chance.
 I hope Daddy knows what he's doing.
 SHE SIGHS
 Look, we work with these people. They're our mates. Well, sort of.
 - You really think one of them is a mole? - Someone told Odin where to find Arkady.
 SHOP BELL RINGS
 So, why bring me in on this?
 Couldn't I be Phoenix?
 You were only assigned to 5 after Arkady approached us.
 Also, I trust you.
 Anyway, isn't this what you do? Suspects, motives?
 Yeah, every day, just like The Mousetrap.
 No lighter.
 Cheers.
 So, I'm going to go through everybody one by one and eliminate them.
 Yeah.
 - Alan. - No. I can't see it.
 That would kind of be the point.
 If you wanted someone who you wouldn't suspect who had access to everything,
 Alan would be your man.
 Bobby.
 Bobby, the worker's friend?
 First time I shook his hand, I'm sure he wiped it on his jacket afterwards.
 Well, he's ambitious, devious.
 No doubt frustrated that Daddy shows no sign of retiring.
 Maybe...
 he joined the enemy, when he realised we wouldn't give him the plaudits he wants.
 Wendy.
 As Daddy's secretary, she's at the very heart of 5.
 She knows his every move. She sees his every vulnerability.
 Yeah, I thought she was all prim and...
 you know, like your sister.
 Well, not like my sister.
 Then she moves in with Bobby, so then she's got more access, more status.
 - Sarah. - It's unlikely.
 Every suggestion she's made, every idea she's had, she's been right.
 But wasn't everything pushing towards the false version of Operation Glass?
 - Yeah, but we were all taken in by that. - Yeah, but she's supposed to be the clever one.
 Daddy was younger than me when he joined 5.
 He ran agents, broke up networks.
 He's given his life to this country,
 but here we are, 20 years later...
 ..fighting the same war,
 and Whitehall treat him like a clown.
 There's no-one in the world who knows even half of what he's done.
 But if he turned KGB mole...
 Yeah, he'd be looked after. Valued.
 The greatest agent they've ever had.
 You haven't excluded anyone.
 We look at all five again, properly, one by one.
 Six.
 Me.
 Moscow would never recruit you.
 You don't believe in anything.
 Well, that's, erm...
 Thank you.
 I think.
 I'll tell you one thing, though.
 They won't have got this far without leaving a trace.
 Mr Denmoor? Captain Denmoor?
 Mr Denmoor. Hi. Hello.
 I-I'm Grace, the nurse. A...a nurse.
 Er...Julie's poorly so I'm filling in.
 That's me.
 Don't look at the picture. It's ghastly.
 LOCKS CLICK
 This is nice. Just you, is it?
 Oh, we've got those chairs at home.
 So, um...how would you like to do this?
 It's just cream for your burns, to keep the skin supple.
 What am I saying? You know how this works. It's me who's new.
 - This is actually my first... - Stop.
 You don't have to share your life story to put me at ease.
 I don't want to know you.
 I don't need to know anything about you.
 Do what you have to do and get out.
 - I thought you would have been let out by now. - Tomorrow.
 They let me out of solitary, which is nice.
 I can fraternise with the murderers and prostitutes.
 It's just like being back at 6.
 You're here to keep up appearances for the Soviets.
 Moscow knew Arkady was working for us.
 They fed him false information.
 You and Mallory were misdirection.
 How did they know he was working for you?
 Maybe they had him under surveillance.
 - Maybe he blabbed to someone. - Or you have a mole.
 For Moscow to set you up, they must have had inside help.
 Kasimir was their route to you,
 so Kasimir must have had contact with the mole.
 So...
 ..we start with him.
 We?
 Go and recruit someone else.
 Your Hoover salesmen are not top of my Christmas list at the moment.
 It was the KGB that targeted you, and it was the mole that helped them set you up.
 I think you have a score to settle.
 SHE SIGHS
 All right, Boy Scout,
 be at the gates tomorrow with my lipstick and a packet of cigarettes.
 You have a nurse in every day.
 Must make it difficult to make plans. Do you manage to get out much?
 Just Halloween.
 Frighten the kids.
 SHE LAUGHS
 I thought you were scared of me.
 Oh, I-I was. I still am.
 Truth be told, I'm a bit scared all the time.
 This job, it's something of a promotion.
 Dream come true, in fact. I...I don't want to botch it.
 I'm doing it, aren't I? The autobiography, just what you said you didn't want.
 No, just ignore me.
 Grumpy old bastard.
 Could you, er...pass the paper?
 Oh, shit.
 Is something wrong?
 You mind your own damned business.
 Haven't you done yet?
 No, I-I'm...I'm sorry. I'll, erm...
 just nip to the loo before I go, if that's OK.
 FOOTSTEPS APPROACH
 FOOTSTEPS DEPART
 The messages for Arkady were all placed in person at the offices of the Times.
 Paid for in cash. A different man each time.
 Now, Wendy and I went back through the classifieds from the past week,
 isolating the messages that are new today.
 Of those, six were ordered in person. Only one was paid for in cash.
 "Aunty Jane and Uncle John. Happy anniversary for Friday."
 - That only gives us two days. - Assuming the date means something.
 Arkady's cousin Andrew message was arbitrary.
 Well, like us, Moscow is less likely to be opaque with people outside the industry,
 such as Philip.
 I suspect Friday means Friday.
 Whoever's communicating with Denmoor, they're using
 the same channel that Moscow used to contact Arkady about Glass,
 so I think we can safely assume there is a connection.
 Agreed. Wendy, I need you to return to Denmoor's.
 It's imperative we find out what's in that package.
 Sarah and Joe will coordinate with you and search the house.
 We've finally been given a lifeline in this bloody investigation.
 I thought we'd start with Kas's house.
 Haven't 5 already turned it over? Hello, by the way. I'm fine(!)
 He thinks you'll stand a better chance of finding something, cos you know the layout and where stuff is.
 - Right, and you are? - Er...Jim Fenchurch, Special Branch. We have met.
 Of course. You look different when you're not arresting me.
 Oh, Joe. You broke into my flat again. That's so sweet.
 I have somewhere I need to be so I'll leave you
 in PC Jim's capable hands.
 You want me to go right now? I just walked out of prison!
 See, I told you she'd want a bath first.
 I'm sorry, were you thinking about me in the bath?
 No! No, no, no.
 Have fun.
 Well, avert your eyes, PC Jim.
 If I can't have a hot bath, I'm at least getting out of these clothes.
 It was fine when it was just meant to be in and out,
 but somebody else should be doing this now.
 Three nurses in three days?
 He'll get suspicious.
 All you've got to do is get him out of the house.
 Take him for a walk. Even into the yard is fine.
 All we need is ten minutes.
 And, remember, when you get him outside...
 Put my bag in the window. I know.
 Wendy, you did great yesterday.
 You kept a cool head.
 You'll be fine.
 DOOR BELL RINGS
 Captain Denmoor, it's We... Grace.
 Shall we get started?
 Captain Denmoor, this is silly.
 Look, I'm sure you have a hundred things you'd rather be doing.
 I'd rather be getting a foot massage from Paul Newman, but here we are.
 So, let's just agree to be civil for the next half hour
 and then I'll be gone and you can go back to glaring at the furniture.
 There. Wasn't so hard, was it?
 SHE SIGHS
 We're wasting our time.
 This mess is KGB.
 Junior officers trying to impress.
 What are we even looking for?
 I don't know. A name?
 Oh, like a piece of paper with "the mole is called Dave" written on it?
 HE SIGHS
 How long did you know Kasimir?
 Eh?
 What, ten years?
 Joe's right. If anybody can find something, it's you.
 His coat?
 - His coat? Was it on the body? - I don't remember a coat.
 It was a big ugly thing, a million inside pockets. He kept his life in that coat.
 I helped pull him out of the water. He definitely wasn't wearing a coat.
 - You need fresh air. - I need you to leave me alone.
 Come on, let's go for a walk.
 Look, you're done here. You can go.
 Just into the yard, then.
 Get some vitamin D.
 When does my regular nurse get back?
 She doesn't make me do stuff like this.
 Good girl.
 There. Isn't this nice?
 Would you like a cigarette?
 You don't smoke.
 Trick of the trade my ward sister taught me,
 to placate difficult patients.
 So, I'm difficult, am I?
 Goodness me, yes.
 FLOORBOARD CREAKS
 FLOORBOARD CREAKS
 - What shall we do with it? - We can't take it with us.
 He'll notice. He could panic, do a runner.
 Well, we should disable it.
 Joe, he's a bomb expert. You think he's not going to notice?
 Hopefully...
 ..by the time he does, it'll be too late.
 My father was in the Army too.
 I saw your medals when I was clearing up.
 You don't have them out on display?
 You know how people used to make sacrifices to the gods?
 Well, war is like that.
 You see grown men in Whitehall
 sitting in smoky rooms above pubs.
 They take the working-class boys...
 ..they get them drunk on lies...
 ..then they send them out to be sacrificed.
 There aren't any heroes.
 There's just...
 ..meat.
 We need to go.
 Now.
 Well, that's me.
 You're really going to make me finish this on my own?
 HE SCOFFS
 All right, you win.
 It's a remote detonator. You press that button there,
 it transmits a signal and...well, bang.
 Isn't it a bit advanced for the IRA?
 Yes. They use timers or booby traps to trigger their devices,
 whereas this is more the sort of thing armies use
 to blow up bridges or railway lines.
 - You're saying it's military? - Most likely Red Army.
 Which would suggest some kind of... accord between Moscow and the IRA.
 Liaise with the Cabinet Secretary, Buckingham Palace and the MOD.
 Put together a list of possible targets
 then run them past Sarah.
 See what her instincts say would be the most likely.
 Very good, Daddy.
 I was thinking about you today. About the debt I owe.
 You brought me up from the watch-makers.
 If not for you, I'd never have met Mrs Montag.
 I'm frightened of the man I might have become without you.
 Betrayal isn't easy...
 I imagine.
 We're taught to think of it as craven and glib.
 For some, I'm sure it is.
 But for others, I suspect it's exhausting,
 heartbreaking...
 ..and, at least they believe, noble.
 Are you quite all right, Alan?
 Oh, yes. Quite well.
 Thank you.
 I don't know what to tell you.
 I can't help what I don't know.
 You must remember it. He wore it all the time, even in summer.
 Oh, I remember that old coat of his. I just ain't seen it since...well, you know.
 What, since he was murdered here?
 Since, er...we pulled his body out of the bathtub over there?
 You took it, didn't you? I think you went through his pockets.
 - I beg your pardon? - Listen, love. If I was interested in the whereabouts of Kasimir's wallet,
 I'd get a team down here and go through every last nook and cranny of the place,
 interview every last customer. In fact, sod it, I'd get the Inland Revenue down.
 You'd be amazed what they can turn up.
 But I don't think it's going to come to that.
 Because I think you just remembered something.
 SHE SIGHS
 All right.
 Mmm?
 What's that?
 Do you mind doing this?
 He was the sentimental one. That's why he's dead.
 Never opened.
 What is it?
 It seems to be a letter from his sister.
 Kas and his sister hadn't spoken in years.
 It's instructions for a dead letter drop.
 Can you translate it?
 To declare a drop, he was to place a bouquet of flowers
 in the back window of a car parked on...
 Wardour Street.
 The drop itself would be at the... What's that word?
 Paragon. ..Paragon Hotel, underneath the middle something.
 The telephone in the middle booth. God, your Russian is atrocious.
 We don't know this is from the mole, though, do we?
 Kate, translate that word at the bottom, where you'd sign off.
 Zhar-ptitsa. There isn't really a literal...
 It's, erm...bird of fire.
 Firebird.
 Phoenix.
 So, what now?
 We set a trap.
 LOW CHATTER
 On the day...
 ..I'll stay in the lobby.
 You two watch the street.
 As soon as you see somebody you recognise,
 go to the phone box outside, one ring, then hang up.
 When they see you, won't they just turn round and walk straight back out again?
 It'll prove nothing.
 On your call, I'll go into the left-hand booth.
 We have to let Phoenix enter the booth and look for the message.
 We have to catch him red-handed.
 When do we do this?
 When do you normally check your drops?
 On the way to work.
 I'll put the signal out first thing tomorrow.
 We've tried to narrow down potential targets.
 The PM's scheduled to be in Edinburgh so, er...that's something,
 but most of the Cabinet and a host of royals will be out and about,
 appointments and visits and so forth, but too many to close down.
 We won't be closing down a damn thing.
 The moment we start cancelling engagements is the moment we've lost the war.
 - SARAH: - Do we put more resources into finding Colin Blakefield?
 No, we keep eyes and ears on Denmoor.
 Whatever he's planned for Friday, he'll lead us there.
 Philip's on the move. They've tracked him as far as the docks.
 Why here?
 Do you think he realised he was being watched? Is this an escape?
 He could be meeting someone.
 Or maybe he stores something here.
 Maintain a radius.
 Keep your positions.
 VEHICLE APPROACHES
 ENGINE STOPS
 DOOR SLAMS
 All right?
 This the big fella?
 - Jeez, what happened to you? - Sunburn.
 Is that it?
 - We've met. - Maybe. Not the sort of face you forget.
 This enough?
 It's just a car you wanted to do, isn't it?
 - Something like that. - Christ, be careful with it.
 Where did you say you were from?
 I didn't.
 It's coming to me now.
 I've seen your picture in the paper.
 Shit, he's military!
 LOUD SHRIEK
 Who the hell...?
 DENMOOR: You stay where you are.
 Now, I can go quietly...
 ..or I can put a bullet into the contents of this bag.
 You understand what that means?
 You can go.
 Just leave her.
 No fuss.
 SARAH GASPS
 ENGINE STARTS
 CLATTER
 Oh...
 SHE GASPS
 - Are you OK? - I'm OK.
 Shit. I'm OK.
 Get back in the bloody car. We can't lose him.
 SHE GASPS
 The second unit's taken Sarah home.
 Edgar's got men at the hospital ready to question the surviving witness.
 - And Denmoor's house? - Police waiting.
 Initial search suggests he's travelling light,
 a change of clothes, his various medicines and the detonator.
 Er...Daddy? We've found Philip's car.
 Abandoned, I'm afraid.
 Get me the Home Secretary.
 Coordinate a search with Special Branch and Northern Ireland.
 That bomb is scheduled to detonate tomorrow,
 and we haven't a bloody clue where!
 Damn!
 I told you. None of the blood was mine.
 Truly, I'm fine.
 I very nearly lost you.
 But you didn't. I'm here.
 Erm...
 ..the other day...in my workshop, your bag...
 ..fell to the floor, and I saw the...
 ..the contraceptive pills.
 I think I've always known I would
 make a discovery like this one day.
 It was silly of me to think that I could ever call you mine.
 Alan, please, let me explain.
 Since I found the pills, I have been anticipating...
 ..nothing less than the...
 than the end of our marriage.
 But then I...
 ..but then I almost lost you tonight and that...
 that thought was...
 ..too much to bear.
 I've asked myself what I would be willing to endure for you,
 and the answer, it appears...
 is...is an awful lot.
 But another lover...
 ..one who's still on the scene...
 ..that's something I could not endure.
 Oh, my God. Is that what you've been thinking?
 There's no-one.
 No-one.
 Then why?
 Because I lie awake at night
 and I think of all the ugly things that have crossed my desk that day,
 and I know, I know in my bones, this is not a world I want to bring children into.
 Not yet.
 I want to stay in that building.
 I want to make things better...
 or at least try.
 If we had a baby now...
 I'm sorry. I...I'm so sorry.
 I should have told you. I know how much you want...
 Shh.
 I love you.
 I always have.
 Tomorrow is what I'm scared of.
 Always have been.
 That tomorrow everything will be taken away.
 No, my love, you can't live like that.
 Here, now...
 ..that's what matters.
 OK, signal's in place. The phone's working. We're good to go.
 Shouldn't we be looking for Philip Denmoor?
 For all we know, the mole's briefing Philip right now,
 telling him where we're looking, keeping him out of our reach.
 We find the mole, we get Philip, solve Glass.
 Cut them off at the root.
 Joe...
 You are ready for this, aren't you?
 Of course I am.
 Why wouldn't I be?
 No.
 Who? Who is it?
 PHONE RINGS
 Is anyone in danger right now?
 I don't...
 What...what do you mean?
 Has information you've passed to Moscow
 put any officers or agents in immediate jeopardy?
 No.
 No, not that I know of.
 - You have my word. - Your word.
 'When did they recruit you?
 'In my first year at British Aerospace.
 'Before I joined 5.'
 Does Sarah know?
 No.
 I mean, she didn't. I...
 I assume she does now. Is she next door?
 I installed these speakers and microphones, you know.
 SARAH SOBS
 ALAN: 'Is she listening?
 'Sarah, I'm sorry, my love.
 'This must be such a shock.'
 Are they looking after you?
 SHE SOBS
 Alan, what is Operation Glass?
 How do you fit into it?
 Philip Denmoor is building a bomb and today is the day it detonates.
 Unless you help us.
 This isn't you, Alan.
 - Apparently, it is. - Why?
 Why would you, of all people, betray our country?
 Do you have something you believe in,
 so deeply, so passionately,
 it...it goes beyond simple loyalty?
 It lives in your blood,
 your heart...
 ..your bones.
 Because if you do, then you'll understand...
 ..that all this...
 ..is an inconvenience,
 nothing more.
 What are we going to do with him?
 Bring in the specialist interrogators and question him further, of course.
 Daddy, if we bring in outside people, we'll just start a paper trail.
 Let me and Bobby interrogate him some more, then we can arrest him.
 What he did was an attack on all of us.
 This...nostalgia is what he exploited.
 It's exactly how he did it.
 HE WHISPERS
 Daddy, what is it?
 Philip Denmoor called the hospital
 and asked to speak to Grace Hopkins, his nurse.
 They gave him a number here.
 He's calling back in ten minutes.
 PHONE RINGS
 Third floor, Rehab. Grace speaking.
 TRAFFIC RUMBLES
 Hello?
 Captain Denmoor, is that you?
 Er...I'm sorry I missed you. I was on another home visit.
 HE MOUTHS
 Where are you? It...it doesn't sound like you're at home.
 Have you finally left the house?
 I had to tell you something.
 Oh?
 People are going to say things about me...
 ..and I want you to know that I'm not like that.
 Like what? What will people say?
 'That I'm a murderer.'
 But it's not as simple as that.
 Philip,
 you're scaring me. Tell me where you are so I can come and get you.
 What I'm doing...
 ..it's to stop people from dying,
 it's to save lives.
 'They came to me after my accident. They said I could make a difference.'
 They? Who...who's they?
 'They have a plan to end conflict with a minimum loss of life.
 'They've given me a purpose.'
 Philip, if...if you're so...
 if you're so sure you...you want to do whatever it is
 you're going to do, why did you ring me?
 You looked at me like...
 You're honest.
 You're kind.
 'I can't remember the last time someone looked at me like that.
 'After I've gone...'
 ..I want to be remembered by somebody kind.
 What do you mean, after you've gone?
 Turns out I have to have a more hands-on role in this than I'd planned.
 Look, you're... you're not making any sense.
 Look, tell me where you are.
 He's about to set off the bomb.
 But then you know that already, don't you?
 Innocent people are going to die, Alan.
 I've known you for years. You're not the kind of man who'd let that happen.
 You keep telling me what kind of a man I am.
 - Perhaps you're not quite the judge of character you imagine. - They lied to you.
 - Pardon? - Whatever Operation Glass is, they told you they were doing it for the greater good.
 Well, maybe you still believe that. But killing people is not the way.
 There's nothing I can do.
 Then treat this as your last chance to bargain.
 You help me find Philip...
 ..and I'll make sure you have one last farewell with Sarah
 before they lock you away for good.
 'I couldn't stand it any more. Everyone's at war. Everyone.'
 LOW CHATTER
 What's going on?
 Trust me.
 - PHILIP: - 'The atrocities, the lies.
 'North versus South. West versus East.
 - 'Politicians versus unions.' - TRAFFIC RUMBLING
 - 'You know, I've seen bodies lying in...' - A double-lane road.
 TRAFFIC RUMBLES
 FOOTSTEPS CLICK
 ALAN: Lot of footfall.
 Could be a high street.
 There's a bus stop. Bus is braking as the rest of the traffic carries on.
 LOW CHATTER
 Oh, wait, there's... there's something else.
 There's another man's voice.
 '..shall destroy the sinners...'
 It's the Bible, I think.
 - 'The day of the Lord...' - The day of the Lord...
 - '..will come like a thief.' - ..will come like a thief.
 And then the heavens...
 ALAN: 'And then the heavens will pass away with a roar.'
 The heavens will open...
 'The heavens will open'
 and the heavenly bodies will melt...
 Wait. Wait, I know that man.
 - '..and the sky will vanish.' - He's in the same place every day.
 And I looked and, behold, I saw there was a great earthquake.
 PHILIP: This will stop it.
 This will end the war.
 What will?
 How will it end the war?
 'The same way wars usually end.'
 One side wins.
 Daddy, he's not stable. As soon as he sees the police, he'll set off the device.
 I have no choice, Joe. We have to intervene.
 Joe's right. It's the phone box on Newhall Street.
 I've got Special Branch awaiting your word.
 Evacuate the area.
 Get everyone out of there now.
 Philip, they're using you.
 Whatever they've told you to do, it won't end the war. It won't do anything.
 'You're just a kid. You don't understand.
 'I hope you never do.'
 SIREN WAILS
 Stop! Stop, stop!
 - WENDY: - 'Philip?'
 How?
 How did they know where I was?
 - 'Philip...' - Who are you?
 I...I'm Grace. I'm your nurse.
 No. You're not.
 No, I'm not. But I'm not naive either.
 You didn't phone me just to be remembered, Philip.
 You wanted me to talk you out of this, because you know what you're doing is wrong.
 The stars of the sky fell to the earth,
 as a fig tree sheds its winter fruit whence it's shaken by a gale.
 The sky vanished like a scroll that is rolled up
 and every mountain and island was removed from its place.
 And the stars of the sky fell to the earth...
 Philip.
 Philip.
 ...desolation, and destroy its sinners from it.
 They come from a far country from the end of heaven.
 The Lord and his weapons of indignation
 shall destroy the sinners and the whole land...
 MUFFLED SHOUTING
 MUFFLED SIRENS
 SIRENS BLARE
 WOMAN SCREAMS
 SIRENS BLARE
 MAN: Someone get help!
 Hello? Is anybody in there?
 Hello?
 SIRENS WAIL
 SCREAMS ECHO
 'While no group has claimed responsibility for the explosion,
 'unconfirmed reports suggest that the device was of IRA origin...'
 He tried to warn me, you know.
 Alan.
 He talked about betrayal.
 I thought he was talking about you.
 '..that there aren't other devices planted elsewhere.'
 This alone can't be Glass.
 The sleeper agents, the letter of last resort, framing Kate.
 Just to blow up a foyer of a Conservative Party office?
 'The Prime Minister is expected to cut short his visit to Edinburgh...'
 It rumbles on.
 Out of sight. Out of reach.
 I have to see the PM.
 HE SIGHS
 We'll talk again tomorrow.
 Assuming we still have jobs tomorrow.
 Hey.
 Joe, what happens next...
 ..with Alan?
 We...we're moving him tonight.
 Oh, God, his workshop.
 I made him sandwiches. They'll go off. Should I take them home?
 - Listen, Sarah, Sarah... - What should I do?
 You...you can't touch anything.
 Yeah. No, yes. Right.
 - Sorry, sorry, wasn't thinking. - No, listen, it's...
 SHE GASPS
 I got your message. What's wrong?
 You shouldn't have come here. You should have waited for me at the rendezvous. Look, come inside.
 Something's happened.
 When sorrows come they come not single spies
 But in battalions.
 DADDY: How did this happen?
 How could we have missed this?
 Shit, Jim! Why did you have to make me do this?
 My God! That's it.
 That's Operation Glass.
 GUN COCKS  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 