Neon Genesis Evangelion: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Neon Genesis Evangelion 
 s1e7 - A Human Work - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Neon Genesis Evangelion (1995–1996): Season 1, Episode 7 - A Human Work - full transcript 
 A new nuclear-powered military robot, Jet Alone, goes out of control during a demonstration ceremony and heads toward an almost certain meltdown. With the help of Shinji and EVA-01, Misato takes it upon herself to stop its rampage. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Like a cruel angel Become a legend, young boy When a blue wind Knocks on the door to your heart You just gaze back at me And smile oh so gently So eager for something You touch so softly Those innocent eyes Know nothing of the fate that awaits But one day, you will realize That upon your back You have wings You can fly to the faraway future The cruel angel's thesis One day, you'll take off through a window If your overflowing pathos 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Leads you to betray your memories Then embrace the heavens and shine bright Become legend, young boy I'm in your debt again. But you don't intend to repay it. About the Intel they were pursuing using the Freedom of Information Act... I mixed in some fake items to throw them off the scent. The government is working on legislation behind the scenes, but that should be derailed soon. Now, about that other project... Do you want me to handle it? No, judging from the files you sent, it shouldn't pose any problems. We'll stick to the scenario, then. Good morning. Morning... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 This is how you get the day started! Don't most people drink coffee? Ever since old times, Japanese people have had white rice, miso soup, and sake in the morning. -That's in your case, right, Ms. Misato? -Why the attitude? Whose turn was it to cook breakfast this morning? I think I know why you're still single at your age. Well, excuse me for being so uncouth. And being a slob. Okay, you've made your point! Thanks, I'm done. Are you really coming to school today? Of course I am. It's for your future plans meeting. But you're really busy at work. It's fine, it's fine. It's all part of the job. Your job, huh? Hello? Hi! You didn't have to come all the way over. Sure, we'll be right out. Ms. Misato, please don't come to the door like that. -It's embarrassing. -Have it your way. Good morning, Mr. Ikari! Bye, Ms. Misato! We're off to school! Have a nice day! Come on, let's get going! Snark, huh? Well, I guess it's a good sign that he's finally loosened up. Ma'am? He just left the apartment. Maintain security on him. Look, she's here! She's so hot! Who is she?! Ikari's guardian? You mean a babe like that looks after him? Horny idiots. Is Ms. Misato great or what? You think so? All that, and she's Nerv's Operations Director! That's amazing! You think so? It's a good thing for us that Shinji is such a clueless baby, Kensuke. Yeah, he won't get in our way. Tohji and Kensuke don't know how big a slob she is. Oh, I wish I could land a woman like her! I think you'd regret it. You are one dense dude, big guy. Right! We'll leave peace on Earth in your capable hands! So you can rest easy, knowing that Ms. Misato is in ours! Unit 01 has met target cooling values. Proceed to stage two. Peace on Earth, huh? That's what the Evas are for... But what are they? It smells like blood in the entry plug. So why do I feel so safe in here? When it's all said and done, I have no idea what's going on. How are Unit Zero's organic chest components? Badly damaged. We're making new ones, but it's eating up what's left of our supplemental budget. Maybe things will get a little easier once Unit Two arrives from Germany. It might be just the opposite. Angel disposal operations up there also cost money. No kidding. This place is always strapped for funds. The fate of humanity is riding on us, for Pete's sake. It is what it is. "Man does not live by Eva alone." It takes money to keep the survivors alive. Speaking of budgets... The Commander is off at another meeting? Yes, he's en route right now. Things are so much calmer here when the Commander is away. Excuse me. Do you mind if I sit here since we're traveling together? The revised budget earmarked for sample collection was approved without comment. The Council places a premium on their own survival. That goal loosens their purse strings. Yes, their argument was always that the Angels wouldn't reappear. One other piece of good news: All council nations, minus the US, have approved funding for Eva-06. Well, it's only a matter of time before the Americans sign on, too. They have a powerful aversion to high unemployment rates. What about yours? We will take part, starting with Unit 08. Phase Two of the Buildup Plan is still in effect, after all. Mind you, there is still the issue of us not having a pilot for it yet. The Angels have returned. Our only path forward is to defeat them. Yes, I would also rather not have a repeat of the Second Impact. Wait, you're saying the Second Impact, when Antarctica was vaporized-- Yes. The textbooks say it was a tragedy caused by a massive meteorite impact, but the truth has a tendency to be covered up. Fifteen years ago in Antarctica, humanity found a humanoid object, the first of what we call Angels. But while studying it, there was a huge explosion of unknown cause. That is the truth behind the Second Impact. So what we're doing here-- Is preventing the onset of a probable Third Impact. That is why Nerv and the Evangelions exist. By the way, it looks like they're going ahead with it tomorrow. Understood. Good morning. Um, good morning, ma'am. I'm going to Old Tokyo for work. I won't be back until late, so go grab something for dinner. Bye. Um... Yes, ma'am. DERELICT ZONE NO. 28 (CITY CENTER OF OLD TOKYO) It's hard to believe that this was ever called a bustling metropolis. We're there. Why are they doing this here, of all places? So, is the SSDF involved in this project? The Strategic Self Defense Force? No, there's no sign they're involved. That explains why they're getting away with all this. The Japan Heavy and Chemical Industries Consortium thanks you for taking the time out of your busy schedules today to attend this demonstration. You will all be invited to view the public trials from the control room. But if anyone has any questions, I will be happy to answer them. -Here! -Ah, the renowned Dr. Ritsuko Akagi! We're honored by your presence. May I ask a few questions? By all means, ask away. According to your presentation, the unit has an internal heat engine. Yes, that is its major feature. It is guaranteed to be able to operate continuously for 150 days. I believe installing a reactor inside a ground combat weapon meant for close-quarters combat poses too great a safety risk. It is more useful than a "decisive weapon" that can't even run for five minutes. Remote operation poses issues when faced with emergencies. We consider it much more humane than placing undue strain on pilots and exposing them to psychological contamination. Enough, already. You're causing a scene. And deliberate operator malfeasance? It's safer than a wildly dangerous weapon that can go out of control and go on a rampage at the drop of a hat, I'd say. A weapon that can't be controlled is utter nonsense. It's like hysterical women. There's no reasoning with them. That is why we have pilots and technology! Come now, are you claiming that science and the human heart can keep those monsters under control? Are you serious? Yes. Completely. Nerv's reliance on something as nebulous as the human heart is what let that rampage happen on their watch. As a result, the UN was hit with a huge extra budget request. Money that could have fed 20,000 starving people elsewhere. Plus, even though it was such a serious incident, its cause remains a mystery? One would hope that you would carry out your duties as the responsible party. Isn't it nice how Nerv enjoys extralegal protection? You aren't held responsible for your failings. Say what you like, but only Nerv's main weapon is capable of defeating the hostile entities! Are you referring to the A.T. Field? We'll have that licked eventually. Nerv's reign won't last forever. NERV PARTY Stupid! Jerk! That obnoxious son of a b****! They're just getting even with us for cutting them out of the action! I am so pissed off! Enough, already. You're causing a scene. He's tooting his own horn and wants to be patted on the back. What a pathetic little man. But how did they even know about A.T. Fields?! Our secrets are leaking like a sieve. The Intelligence Department needs to do its d*** job! We will now begin the activation test of the JA. There is absolutely no danger. Observe from that window knowing that you are perfectly safe. Ready for activation! -Begin test! -All power systems engaged! -Pressure values normal. -Coolant pump system shows green. -Control rods, full withdrawal! -Power has reached critical. Power output, nominal! Begin walking cycle! Walk ahead, slow! Right foot forward! Roger. Walk ahead, slow! Right foot forward! Balance stable! Power system shows green! Roger! Proceeding to left foot forward! Steady as she goes! It's actually walking. I suppose they do have something to brag about. What is it? This is strange. Pressure inside the reactor is climbing! Primary coolant loop temperatures rising! Open valves. Inject moderators! It's not working! Pump output is not rising! D***. Power it down. Emergency shutdown! -Shutdown signal sent! -Signal not received! -Radio channel also dead! -Control has been lost! This can't be happening... This robot is just as big a jerk as its creator. Abnormalities in pressurizer! Control rod mechanism fail! At this rate, there is a risk of a core meltdown! I can't believe it... The JA's programming is supposed to anticipate and deal with any possible contingency. This situation shouldn't be possible. And yet we're looking at an impending core meltdown! The only thing we can still do is wait for it to shut down on its own. What are the odds of that? They're 0.00002%. It would take a miracle. I prefer desperate action over waiting for a miracle. Tell me how to shut it down! We've tried everything! No, I bet there's still a last resort, a command to wipe the whole thing. Give me that password. Total program deletion is top secret. It's not my call to make. I don't have the authority to tell you. Then get the authority! Right now! Yes, it's me. Get me Mr. Manda in Tokyo-2. Yes, the Home Ministry Director. Oh, you mean that. I delegated all that to Yasugi. Ask him. A decision that big can't be made over the phone! Can you send me a formal request in writing? Then if I get permission from Mr. Yoshizawa, you'll approve? Yes, I have Mr. Witz's approval already. -Yes. Yes, thank you. -They're all passing the buck. Official orders are on their way. This has to be done properly. That won't cut it! It won't do any good if they come after that thing blows! Jet Alone is currently heading towards Atsugi. We're out of time. I'm taking action on my own authority. No offense. Hello, Hyuga? I've worked things out with Atsugi, so send Shinji and Unit 01 over here with Type F gear. Right, it's an emergency. You'll never pull it off. Forget it, Capt. Katsuragi. Anyway, how would you even go about stopping it? Up close and personal. By hand. Are you serious? Yes. But the interior is already flooded with contamination. It's too dangerous. If this works, it will save everyone. You'll be able to manually open the hatch once the command signal from us stops. You can get inside through the backpack rig. "Hope." That's the password for full program deletion. Thanks. Our target is the JA. There's a risk of a reactor meltdown in the next five minutes. So we can't let it come any closer to a population center. -Hyuga? -Ma'am? Once you cut the Eva loose, get clear and climb to a safe altitude. -Roger. -Shinji? Yes, ma'am? Run alongside the target and put me onto its back. After that, try to stall the JA any way you can. You're going inside that thing?! -Right. -That's nuts! Trust me, I know. It's our best shot, though. But it's too dangerous! Don't worry. Your Eva will be fine even if it blows up in your face. That's not what I meant! It's too dangerous for you! Well, we have to do everything we can. It wouldn't sit right otherwise, right? I have eyes on the target! Okay, let's go. Eva drop zone reached! -Release docking lock! -Roger. -We've caught up! -Less than four minutes to go! Grab onto it! Don't worry! Just set me up there! Ms. Misato! Be careful. Wow, that's hot! This doesn't look good. Stop, d*** it! Ms. Misato, hurry! This is it. HOPE "Error"? What's the deal? There's no other explanation. The program's been tampered with! Reactor will hit prompt criticality in zero point two! Control rods aren't activating! Here goes nothing. Ms. Misato! Get out of there! D*** it, move! You piece of... Ms. Misato! Zero point one to prompt criticality! It's no use, it's going to blow! -We failed... -Ms. Misato! She did it! -Pressure down! -All readings normal! -We're saved! -She did it! She did it! That fool... Ms. Misato, are you all right? Ms. Misato! Yeah, but I feel like crap... Thank goodness! You're okay, then? Wow, that's great... What a relief. You were amazing! I was so wrong about you! A miracle really did happen! Yeah. But this little miracle was arranged by someone. Unit 01 has been retrieved safely. There's no danger of contamination. Aside from Capt. Katsuragi's actions, everything went according to scenario. Well done. Morning... Next up, a nice morning shower! Where did I leave my bra and panties? Good morning, Mr. Ikari! Yeah, good morning. See you later! Have a nice day! Ms. Misato is so cool... I thought so, too, but she's so embarrassing at home! She's sloppy, dresses like a bum, and is a complete slob! Watching her act like that makes me cringe! That makes me extra jealous. How come? -You're such a baby, Ikari. -You said it! And why is that? That's the real Misato, the one we outsiders never see. That means you're family. TO BE CONTINUED NEXT EPISODE Eva-02 and its pilot leave Wilhelmshaven, Germany, for Japan. The sudden attack of an Angel forces the activated Unit 02 into Nerv's first underwater Eva battle. Next episode! "Asuka Arrives in Japan!" Translator: Dan Kanemitsu Subtitle Editor: David Fleming 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 