Neon Genesis Evangelion: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Neon Genesis Evangelion 
 s1e2 - The Beast - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Neon Genesis Evangelion (1995–1996): Season 1, Episode 2 - The Beast - full transcript 
 In the wake of the previous battle, Misato hastily decides to let Shinji have a room in her apartment, where he discovers just what an irresponsible person his new guardian is. Shinji is ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Translated by Wada Mitsuhito (Wada-kun) Timed by: Todd Perkins Edited by: Todd Perkins, Hiroaki Fukuda, Dave SHIN SEIKI ''zankoku na tenshi no youni'' ''shoonen yo shinwa ni nare'' ''aoi kaze ga ima mune no DOOR wo tataitemo'' ''watashidake wo tada mitsumete hohoenderu anata'' ''sotto fureru mono motomeru koto ni muchuude'' ''unmei sae mada shiranai itaike na hitomi'' ''dakedo itsuka kizuku deshou sono senaka niwa'' 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ''haruka mirai mezasu tame no hane ga aru koto'' ''zankoku na tenshi no THESE ~ madobe kara yagate tobitatsu'' ''hotobashiru atsui PATHOS ~ de omoide wo uragiru nara'' ''kono sora wo daite kagayaku shoonen yo shinwa ni nare'' Are you ready, Shinji ? Ah, yes. Remove the final safety lock ! Evangelion Unit 01, lift off ! Shinji, think only of walking now. Walking... It's walking ! Walking... Shinji, come on ! Hurry, stand up quickly ! Shinji, calm down ! It's not your arm ! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 How's Eva's defense system ? The signal isn't working. The Field hasn't developed ! It's not working ?! Left arm damaged ! Circuits have snapped ! Shinji, escape ! The front area of the head is cracked ! The armor won't stand any more. Head damaged. Damage unidentified. The nerves for control are snapping one after another. No response from the pilot ! Shinji ! An unknown ceiling... EPISODE: 2 UNKNOWN CEILINGS The second coming of Angels... It's too abrupt. It's the same as 15 years ago. A disaster always comes without notice. In a way, it may be fortunate for us, because our prior investment didn't come to nothing... Things have never turned out yet. If it's useless, it's a waste. That's right. About cleaning up the aftermath of the Angels, which are now public knowledge... ...and information control... Have Nerv handle both of them appropriately and smoothly. Those matters are already taken care of. Relax. The Government announcement regarding yesterday's special state emergency, states... In this incident... The UN forces in Japan... The announcement was ``Scenario B-22.'' The facts were hushed up again. The public relations department seems to be happy because they've got things to do at last. They seem very optimistic. Well...The truth is that everyone is afraid. Of course ! That's about it. But, Ikari, can't you use Nerv and Eva in better ways ? The repair costs for Unit 00 and Unit 01 could ruin a country. I heard that you gave that toy to your son. Humans, time and money... How much must be spent by you and your son to satisfy you ? Moreover, you have another job to do, don't you ? The Human Complement Project, that must have top priority. That's right. That project is our only hope under such hopeless circumstances. Anyway, although the Angels came again, the project can't be allowed to fall behind schedule. As for the budgets, we'll consider them. Well, the committee will take over now. Ikari, thanks. Ikari, you can't turn back. I know. Humanity has no time. I always think an air conditioner's the greatest treasure of humanity ! A scientific success ! Shinji has recovered consciousness. How is he ? No external wounds. His memory is somewhat confused. It can't be...Is it mental contamination...? I heard it's nothing to worry about. Oh, really. That's right, because it was so sudden... It's no wonder. A severe burden was imposed on his cranial nerves. I think you mean M-I-N-D. If Eva and this city are successful, we'll be able to win. Will you defeat the Angels ? You're as optimistic as ever. Wishful thinking is a necessity of human life. Right. Your optimistic character is encouraging. 'Bye. Is it alright that they live separately ? For Ikari and his son, it's natural to be without each other. If anything, it's unusual to live together...is it so... Alone ? Yes, his room is located in Block 6, over there. Any problems ? No. Are you satisfied with it, Shinji ? I prefer being alone. All places are the same. What ?! As I said, I've decided to take charge of Shinji. I've got my superior's approval. Don't worry. I won't have an affair with a child. That goes without saying ! What the hell are you thinking ?! As always, she can't understand a joke. Well, tonight we're going to do it flamboyantly, aren't we ? What do you mean ? It's a welcome party for a new lodger, of course ! Are you also going to move ? I'd never seriously thought that this city would really become a battlefield. My husband told me that our children and I should move for safety at least. Move for safety... Even if this is a fortress city, we can't rely on anything at all. Yesterday's incident...The mere recollection of it makes me shudder. Well, we're stopping some place on the way. Where are we going ? It..is...a...good...place. For some reason...this is a lonesome city, isn't it ? It's time. Awesome ! The buildings are growing ! This is the fortress city for intercepting the Angels. ``Tokyo-3''... Our hometown... ...and the city which you protected. NEON GENESIS I think your things have arrived. Actually, I also just recently moved to this town. Come on in. Um...May I come in ? Shinji, this is your house. I...I'm back. Welcome home. Well, the place is a little untidy... Hope you don't mind. A...a little, she said...? Oh, sorry. Could you put the food in the refrigerator ? Ah, sure. Ice... Relishes... And beer... What kind of life does she lead ? Well, the refrigerator over there... Ah, it's OK. Perhaps...sleeping now. Sleeping...? Thanks for food ! Thanks for food. Oh my, what a life ! I just live for such times ! Ah, don't you like them ? They're rather tasty, even though they're instant. No, but...I'm not used to such a meal. No, don't be fussy ! Ah...no...ah, I didn't mean that. Don't you think it's nice... ...having a meal with others ? Sure. Well. Next, here goes ! Jan-ken-pon ! Pon ! Pon ! Pon ! Pon ! You were unlucky, Shinji. As for the everyday duties which we've fairly decided, everything is A-OK. Yeah. Well, because this is now your house, you can really feel at home here. Ah...yeah. Hey ! ``Yes, yeah, sure, okay''... How gloomy ! You're a boy, aren't you ? Pull yourself together ! Okay. It's okay. Take a bath and wash all the unpleasant things away. Taking a bath is life washing. Mi...Mi...Mi...Misato ! What's wrong ? Th...the...ther ...there's a... Oh, him ? A new kind of hot spring penguin. It's... His name's Penpen. He's another lodger. By the way, you'd better cover the front. Am I being a little too playful ? I may be the one who's transparent. Katsuragi Misato... She isn't a bad person. Taking a bath is life washing. But, in the bath, more unpleasant things come to my mind than others. Father and Ayanami Rei...? How was Rei ? You went to the hospital this afternoon, didn't you ? She'll be able to move in 20 days. Meanwhile, I'll get the committee's agreement for Unit 00's restart. What pain, they have... There's no one else who can use Eva. As long as they live, I let them do it. No matter what the children think...? Yes. He had such a bitter experience. I wonder if he'll pilot it again. Maintenance of ``him'' is your job, isn't it ? I'm afraid I don't know how to get along with him. Grumbling already ? You declared theatrically that you'd take charge of him, didn't you ? Shut up ! I also regarded him as my tool at that time. I'm the same as Ritsuko. Although we defeated the Angel... ...I don't feel happy. This is an unknown ceiling, too. It's only natural... I don't know any place in this city. This is your home. Why am I here ? Head damaged ! Damage unidentified ! Trouble keeping it activated ! Status report ! Synchrograph has reversed. Pulses are flowing backward ! Cut the circuits ! Stop them ! We can't. The signal is refused. It can't be received ! What about Shinji ? No response from the monitoring system. We can't tell if he's alive ! Unit 01 is totally silent. Misato ! So much for this time... Abort the operation ! Pilot's protection is top priority ! Eject the plug by force ! Impossible. It's totally out of control. What ?! Eva has restarted ! No way ! It can't move ! It can't be... Out of control. He's won. The AT-field... It's no use. As long it has the AT-field... ...Eva can't touch it. Left arm restored. Unbelievable... Unit 01 is also expanding an AT-field. It's neutralizing the phase space. No, it's eroding it. That AT-field was so easily... Self destruct ?! The Eva... That's Eva's... ...true potential... The circuits have been restored. The system is operational. The graph is in the normal position. Pilot's survival confirmed. Body Recovery Team, move it ! The pilot's recovery is top priority. Shinji, may I open the door ? You did a praiseworthy thing today. You should be proud of yourself. Good night, Shinji. Hang in there. TO BE CONTINUED Shinji: Megumi Ogata~~~ ~Misato: Kotono Mitsuishi Ritsuko: Yuriko Yamaguchi ~Gendou: Fumihiko Tachiki Kouzou: Genmu Kiyokawa Makoto: Hiro Yuuki~~~~ ~Maya: Miki Nagasawa Shigeru: Takehito Koyasu Lorenz: Mugito~~~~~ ~~~House Wife: Megumi Hayashibara Announcer: Yuuko Miyamura Members: Takashi Naga ~~~~~~~~~~~Katsumi Suzuki Initial Translation Wada Mitsuhito Additional Translation and song translation Hiroaki Fukuda Editing Todd Perkins Hiroaki Fukuda Dave Brain Timing Hiroaki Fukuda Subtitled by Central Anime(Kansas) NOT FOR SALE OR RENT Preview Shinji starts a new life with the training of Eva, school, and a roommate. ...but once he's known as the pilot of Eva, he becomes popular in his class. Next time: ``A Phone That Never Rings.'' And of course, I'll give you good service ! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 