Neon Genesis Evangelion: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Neon Genesis Evangelion 
 s1e4 - Hedgehog's Dilemma - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Neon Genesis Evangelion (1995–1996): Season 1, Episode 4 - Hedgehog's Dilemma - full transcript 
 Frustrated by his newfound responsibilities, Shinji runs away from Misato and NERV. After being escorted back to the organization by armed officials, Shinji must decide whether he truly wants to abandon his role as a pilot. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Zankoku na tenshi no you ni Shounen yo shinwa ni nare Aoi kaze ga ima mune no doa o tataitemo Watashi dake o tada mitsumete hohoenderu anata Sotto fureru mono motomeru koto ni muchuu de Unmei sae mada shiranai itaike na hitomi Dakedo itsuka kizuku deshou sono senaka ni wa Haruka mirai mezasu tame no hane ga aru koto Zankoku na tenshi no teeze Madobe kara yagate tobidatsu Hotobashiru atsui patosu de 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Omoide o uragiru nara Kono sora o daite kagayaku Shounen yo shinwa ni nare Is he going to skip school again? Little Shin's Room Shinji, wake up! How long are you going to keep skipping school? It's been five days now. Unit 01 has already been completely repaired. So don't you think the pilot needs to get his act together too? Shinji?! Miss Misato Katsuragi He's run away. I suppose that's not surprising. Rain, After Running Away Episode Four Shinji? Well... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We're Ikari's classmates, Aida and Suzuhara, Ma'am. Aida and Suzuhara? Yes, Ma'am! I'm Suzuhara. Aren't you the boys who got in Unit 01 's entry plug? Yes, Ma'am! We're sorry for causing so much trouble. Actually, Ikari's been absent ever since then, so we came to see if he was okay. He's at the Nerv training facility right now. Oh, I see. These are the printouts that were building up on Ikari's desk. Oh, sorry for your trouble. Thank you. Well, we'll be leaving now. Please say "hi" to Ikari for us. Yeah, I will. Bye. This is an unexpected development. She was a real babe, wasn't she? Shinji, you idiot! Idiot! The next station is Nagao Toge, Nagao Toge. The exit will switch to the right side. Thank you for using New Tokyo-3 Loop Seven. This train will be going out of service at this station. Please, make sure you take all of your belongings as you exit the train. I've got to go back. Hey there! We're offering you a great bargain! Hot young babes serving heavenly refreshment! Special services to heal your tired body, services to fill you with energy! You really couldn't detect it, Doctor?!! Yes. An object only ten millimeters in diameter crashed into Antarctica at close to the speed of light. The technology we had was unable to predict or prevent such a thing. It's like hell out there! Just what is the purpose of science?! The atmospheric flux caused by the change in the Earth's axis has decreased by 3%. So it's getting a little better? No, there's still a tidal wave approaching at 230 meters a second! Doctor! We must evacuate! It's my duty to remain here. Doctor, choosing death is easy, but you have an obligation to watch this living hell! Documentary! The World Sinks... Second Impact Tokyo-2 Tokyo Elevator 100m Ahead Caution Idiot. Arrival Stop Only He's only fourteen years old. It seems so cruel, making him bear the burden of mankind's destiny. But we have no choice but to entrust the piloting of the Evas to fourteen year olds. I know. So, has he called? No? No. I think he might never come back. What are you going to do? Nothing really. If he won't come back, maybe that's for the better. Why? After the battle the other day... Why did you ignore my order? I'm sorry. I'm the one who's in charge of your operations, right? Yes. You have a duty to obey my orders. Do you understand? Yes. I'm warning you, never do it again. Yes. Do you really understand what I'm saying?! Yes. Hey, you're not going to get out of this by just saying yes to everything I say. I know that. That's enough, isn't it? We won the battle anyway. You know, it may seem easy to go along with whatever anyone else wants, but if you get into the Eva with that attitude, it'll kill you! I don't care. It'd be nice if I could say you've got the right attitude, but if you expect to get any praise out of me, you're wrong, Shinji Ikari. That's not the point. In any case, I'm the only one who can pilot it, aren't I? I'll do it. I see. If piloting an Eva means nothing but pain to him, he shouldn't get into it again. Otherwise, I'm sure he'll get killed. But we need pilots. Captain! Aida, go on ahead! But I can't go and leave you behind! You fool! Upsy-daisy. The new kid? Ikari! Summer Training Drill Operation Outline Today's Scheduled Operations 15:00 Deploy for Combat 16:00 Prepare for Attack, Commence Firing Summer Training Drill Operation Outline Today's Scheduled Operations 15:00 Deploy for Combat 16:00 Prepare for Attack, Commence Firing Toji was sorry about that. Toji was sorry about that. He said that his kid sister scolded him and said that, "It was the robot who saved our lives!" That's pretty embarrassing, being chewed out by a grade school kid. Right? I like it at night because those noisy cicadas don't chirp. Although I remember that it was pretty quiet when I was a kid, there've been more of them each year. The ecosystem is returning to its former state. That's what Miss Misato said. I see, Miss Misato said so. I really envy you. Living with such a beautiful woman and piloting the Evangelion. I wish I could get behind the controls just once! You shouldn't. I think your mother would be worried. Oh, don't worry about that. I don't have one. I'm the same as you. You'll have something to eat, won't you? Yeah. Do you usually do this sort of thing? Huh? Well, sure. Is this some kind of training for guerilla warfare or something? How could I fight with toys like these? It's just for fun. You're Shinji Ikari, aren't you? Yes. We're from Nerv Security Intelligence. Under Article 8 of the Security Act, we're taking you to headquarters. All right? Yes. And all you did was stand there? That's easy for you to say! But it's like I said, they were Nerv Security Intelligence, professionals. So what?! Don't you have any balls at all?! Sissy! Pervert! Ape! Only an idiot fights when he knows he can't win. Balls have nothing to do with it. Long time, no see. Yes. Do you feel any better after wandering around for two days? I don't know. The Eva is on standby. Will you pilot it? Or won't you? You're not going to scold me for running away? Of course not. I'm not related to you, am I? If I say that I won't pilot Unit 01, what will you do with it? I suppose that Rei will do it. Won't you pilot it? It seems unrealistic for you to force everything on her. Don't worry. I'll pilot it. But you don't want to do it? Of course not. To begin with, it's not something that comes to me naturally. But Ayanami, Miss Misato and Miss Ritsuko... Cut that out! This has nothing to do with any of us! If you don't like it, get out of here! Just forget all about Eva and us and go back to where you came from! We don't need someone with that attitude piloting! The Third Child is leaving New Tokyo-3 tomorrow. Then we'll reconfigure Unit 01 's system for Rei. But... Regardless of the results of Unit 00's re-activation experiments, we'll move on to experimenting with Unit 01. According to the Marduk Organization's report, the Fourth Child hasn't been found yet. That means we can't get any pilot replacements? Excuse me, where is Miss Misato? I'd like to say goodbye. You're no longer Nerv personnel. Therefore, we can't give you any information. Ikari! You forgot this! Could you excuse me for a moment? Thank you. Hey, Toji. Come on, say something! Ikari, I'm sorry I hit you twice. Please, hit me back! I can't do that. Please! Otherwise, I won't be satisfied. See? He's a pretty embarrassing guy, isn't he? But if it'll put an end to this dispute, why don't you go ahead and hit him? But... Hurry up! You don't have much time, do you? Okay, but only once. Okay! Come on! Hold it! No holdin' back. Right. Ouch... How did you know I'd be here? Call it a hunch. We've seen dozens of classmates off now. If you're leavin', we'll have to leave this city sometime soon, but we can't blame you for that. We saw how you suffered in the Eva. And if anyone tries to blame you, I'm gonna give them a head butt! Hey, don't look so gloomy. Take care. Good luck! Well... It's time. I'm the one who deserves to be hit! I'm a scoundrel, a coward, spineless and weak... Don't give us any more trouble. Eva Unit 01 will be entering Stage 2 cryo-stasis for activation system rewrite. He's gone. Was it for the best? The "Hedgehog's Dilemma". The closer we become, the more deeply we hurt each other. Now I understand. That boy... He can't let others know how he feels in any other way. The Express Linear Train bound for Atsugi is arriving on Track 2. For your safety, please step back to the area inside the yellow lines. The train arriving on Track 2 is for special government use only and departs at 4:20 for Atsugi. No civilians are allowed inside the fence. Please be aware that the boarding of this train by unauthorized persons is strictly prohibited. Hang in there. Look! It's that babe! The local train bound for Gora is now arriving on Track 4. For your own safety, please stay inside the yellow lines. If you're accompanying small children, please ensure that they are properly supervised. The train arriving on Track 4 is the local shuttle to Gora departing at 4:32. If this is your train, please step inside and wait until departure. The train is now approaching. Please stay behind the yellow line. I... I'm home. Welcome home. To Be Continued Preview Rei Ayanami limits her association with others as much as possible. The only one she opens up to is Commander Ikari. Shinji is at a loss to understand this girl, who is closer to his own father than he is. Next Evangelion: "Rei, Beyond the Heart" Next Time Rei, Beyond the Heart Next Evangelion: "Rei, Beyond the Heart" Next Time Rei, Beyond the Heart 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 