Neon Genesis Evangelion: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Neon Genesis Evangelion 
 s1e6 - Rei II - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Neon Genesis Evangelion (1995–1996): Season 1, Episode 6 - Rei II - full transcript 
 A new Angel invades, striking a critical blow against Shinji. Taking the enemy's abilities into account, Misato crafts a special strategy involving Units 00 and 01 as well as an enormous positron rifle. Shinji also discovers Rei's motive as a pilot. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Just like the cruel angel Young boy, become a legend Even though the untested breeze taps at the door to your heart You just look solely at me and smile So intent on seeking out that gentle touch Such innocent eyes, still ignorant of their destiny But someday, you are sure to realize that upon your back You have the wings with which to fly towards the distant future The cruel angel's thesis Soon, you will take flight from the windowsill With your torrent of ardent pathos 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 If you are to betray our memories You, who embrace these heavens and shine Young boy, become a legend We're detecting a high energy reaction from inside the target! What?! The circumference area is accelerating! It's converging! It can't be! No, dodge it! Retrieve him, hurry! The target has gone silent! How's Shinji? He's alive! Unit 01 has been recovered. En route to the 7th cage. I'm going to the cage. Take over for me, please! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Unit 01 secured! Hurry with the cooling! Unit 01 secured! Hurry with the cooling! The pilot's brain waves are erratic! His pulse is very weak. Increase life support to maximum power. Give him a heart massage. Yes, Ma'am! Pulse confirmed! Force eject the entry plug! Hurry! Emergency LCL discharge! Yes, Ma'am! Come on, open the hatch! Hurry! Shinji! Decisive Battle, New Tokyo-3 Episode 6 1/1 Scale Balloon Dummy The enemy's particle beam cannon has hit! The dummy has been vaporized! Next. Automated Model 12 Self-Propelled Mortar The Model 12 Self-Propelled Mortar has been destroyed! I see. From the data we've collected, we're assuming that the target automatically attacks any opponent within a certain range. Department of Operations, Nerv Headquarters Analysis Room 2 Department of Operations, Nerv Headquarters Analysis Room 2 The likelihood of it hitting anything entering the area with its particle beam is 100%. The likelihood of it hitting anything entering the area with its particle beam is 100%. It's too risky for close range combat in an Eva, isn't it? What about its AT field? Replay Image What about its AT field? Replay Image It's still active. Replay Image It's strong enough that the spatial changes in phase are visible to the naked eye. Replay Image Using half-measures like guided missiles, artillery, or bombs will inflict more damage on us than on the Angel! Offensively and defensively it's almost perfect. A flying fortress. What's the status on its drill? At this moment the target is directly above us, penetrating the New Tokyo-3 Null Zone. A giant shielded drill with a diameter of 17.5 meters is boring towards Nerv HQ. The enemy is planning to attack Nerv Headquarters directly. Sassy ********! So, what's its ETA? Japan Standard Time Remaining Estimated Time So, what's its ETA? Japan Standard Time Remaining Estimated Time 12:06:54 AM. Approximated graphics 12:06:54 AM. Approximated graphics By that time, it will have breached all twenty-two levels of armor, Approximated graphics and arrive at Nerv Headquarters itself. Approximated graphics Less than ten hours... Present Time Present Time The drill has contacted the first armor plate. The drill has contacted the first armor plate. What's the condition of Unit 01? Cage 7, Nerv Headquarters What's the condition of Unit 01? Cage 7, Nerv Headquarters The defensive armor was melted down to the third layer. The defensive armor was melted down to the third layer. The silver lining is that the central control unit sustained no damage. Three more seconds, and it would have been over. In three hours, the replacement parts should be installed. Roger. What's the status of Unit 00? Re-activation itself should prove no problem, but there's still a feedback error. So actual combat... ...is still impossible. What's the condition of Unit 01 's pilot? Emergency Room, Central Hospital, Nerv Headquarters What's the condition of Unit 01 's pilot? Emergency Room, Central Hospital, Nerv Headquarters No physical damage. Emergency Room, Central Hospital, Nerv Headquarters However, his nerve pulses are up by 0.8. However, his nerve pulses are up by 0.8. Still within acceptable limits. Enemy drill arrival: 9 hours, 55 minutes. The situation certainly isn't favorable. Shall we just raise a white flag? Before we resort to that, there's one little thing I'd like to try. You want a sniper to shoot the target from outside its firing zone? Nerv Commander's Office You want a sniper to shoot the target from outside its firing zone? Nerv Commander's Office Yes, Sir. Nerv Commander's Office Instead of trying to neutralize the target's AT field, Instead of trying to neutralize the target's AT field, I believe a pinpoint shot with a high-energy beam is the only way. What do the Magi say? The responses from the Magi Super Computers were two affirmative and one conditional affirmative. So, our probability of success is 8.7 percent. It's quite a high percentage. I see no reason to raise an objection. You may proceed, Captain Katsuragi. Yes, Sir. But you sure have come up with a reckless plan, Operations Director Katsuragi. Don't be rude. It's not reckless! It can be executed within the nine hours we have left, and has the highest chance of success. This thing does? Really? Eva Positron Rifle (Prototype 20 with Toroidal Accelerator) Eva Positron Rifle (Prototype 20 with Toroidal Accelerator) But our positron rifle can't handle such a high output. But our positron rifle can't handle such a high output. What are you going to do about that? We'll borrow one, of course. Borrow one? You don't mean... Right! The Strategic SDF Lab's prototype! Requisition Order Nerv is hereby requisitioning this Self Propelled Positron Cannon as of 15:00 today. Tsukuba Technology Laboratory Headquarters, Strategic SDF Tsukuba Technology Laboratory Headquarters, Strategic SDF But still, this is ridiculous! Special Units Hangar 4 But still, this is ridiculous! Special Units Hangar 4 We'll try to return this in as close to its original condition as we can. We'll try to return this in as close to its original condition as we can. We appreciate your cooperation! Okay, Rei! Take it away! That's a piece of precision machinery, so be careful! Even so, our calculations show that it will take at least 180 million kilowatts to penetrate that AT field. Where are you going to get that much electricity? Where else? From all of Japan! Giant Power Outage Today All Across Japan Giant Power Outage Today All Across Japan We apologize for interrupting Giant Power Outage Today All Across Japan our regular programming for this Emergency Bulletin. Our regular programming for this Emergency Bulletin. Suzuhara Residence our regular programming for this Emergency Bulletin. Suzuhara Residence From 11:30 PM tonight until tomorrow morning, From 11:30 PM tonight until tomorrow morning, Horaki Residence From 11:30 PM tonight until tomorrow morning, From 11:30 PM tonight until tomorrow morning, New Tokyo-2 From 11:30 PM tonight until tomorrow morning, New Tokyo-2 there will be a large scale power blackout there will be a large scale power blackout New Makurazaki, Kagoshima Prefecture throughout most of Japan. New Makurazaki, Kagoshima Prefecture We appreciate your cooperation. We appreciate your cooperation. At dawn today, a large-scale power outage all across the nation. Betsukai, Hokkaido At dawn today, a large-scale power outage all across the nation. Betsukai, Hokkaido Repeat, from 11:30 PM tonight until tomorrow morning At dawn today, a large-scale power outage all across the nation. Repeat, from 11:30 PM tonight until tomorrow morning Ube, Yamaguchi Prefecture Repeat, from 11:30 PM tonight until tomorrow morning Ube, Yamaguchi Prefecture there will be a large scale power blackout throughout Japan. There will be a large scale power blackout throughout Japan. We appreciate your cooperation. Mitaka Ward, Old Tokyo We appreciate your cooperation. Mitaka Ward, Old Tokyo New Tokyo-3 Control Room, General Operations Command Center, Nerv Headquarters Control Room, General Operations Command Center, Nerv Headquarters The drill has just broken through the seventh defensive layer. The drill has just broken through the seventh defensive layer. What's the status on our energy system? New Odawara, Kanagawa Prefecture New Odawara, Kanagawa Prefecture 3.2% behind schedule, but we should manage to be finished by 23:10. 3.2% behind schedule, but we should manage to be finished by 23:10. And the positron rifle? Technology Department Division 3, Nerv Headquarters (In charge of electromagnetic and light wave hardware) Technology Department Division 3, Nerv Headquarters (In charge of electromagnetic and light wave hardware) On the honor of Technology Development Department 3, Technology Department Division 3, Nerv Headquarters (In charge of electromagnetic and light wave hardware) We'll have it built for you in three hours. We'll have it built for you in three hours. What about our defensive measures? Hangar 8, Nerv Headquarters What about our defensive measures? Hangar 8, Nerv Headquarters Well, using a shield is about all we can do. Well, using a shield is about all we can do. Eva Anti-Heat and Light Wave Defensive Equipment (Makeshift Specs) Well, using a shield is about all we can do. Eva Anti-Heat and Light Wave Defensive Equipment (Makeshift Specs) So, this is the shield? Eva Anti-Heat and Light Wave Defensive Equipment (Makeshift Specs) Yes. It's a hand-me-down from a single stage to orbit rocket. Yes. It's a hand-me-down from a single stage to orbit rocket. It may look ugly, but it's got a super- electromagnetic base coating that Section 2 guarantees will stand up to the enemy's particle beam for at least seventeen seconds. Good. Have you determined the sniper position? Given the range to the target, geographical features, and taking power access into consideration, this would be the spot. Definitely looks good. The sniping position will be atop Mt. Futago! The operation will commence at 00:00 tomorrow morning! From this point on, this operation will be called "Operation Yashima". Roger. Now, the only remaining problem is the pilot. Unit 01's designated pilot is conscious now. Cage 7 Control Room Unit 01's designated pilot is conscious now. Cage 7 Control Room His examination results look normal. His examination results look normal. Good. Then, the operation will proceed as planned. Roger. But I wonder if he'll pilot it again. Get ready for a decisive battle at Mt. Futago! Surgical Ward 3, Central Hospital Ayanami... I'm here to brief you on the timetable of Operation Yashima, which will begin tomorrow at 00:00 hours. Pilots Ikari and Ayanami will arrive at the cage at 17:30 today. At 18:00, Units 01 and 00 will activate. Launch is at 18:05. They will arrive at the temporary base on Mt. Futago at 18:30. There, they will stand by and await further orders. The operation will begin promptly at midnight. Here's a new one. Don't show up half-asleep looking like that. Sorry. All I've been doing since yesterday is apologizing. Your meal. I don't want to eat anything. We'll be departing in sixty minutes. Do I have to pilot that thing again? Yes, you do. I don't want to. Maybe you can be so cool about it, because you haven't had the kind of experiences I've had yet. I don't want to go through that again. Then why don't you stay in bed? Stay in bed? I'll pilot Unit 01. Dr. Akagi is already prepared to rewrite Unit 01 's personal data files. Miss Ritsuko is... I'm leaving. Captain Katsuragi and Dr. Akagi will be waiting at the cage. Goodbye. No School Today New Tokyo-3 Public Middle School 1 Principal They're awfully late. We oughta evacuate to the shelter. I hacked into my dad's data files. I'm sure this is the time. Yeah, but they still ain't here. The mountain is moving. The Evangelions! Cool! Go for it! We're counting on you! Evangelion! Good luck! 8:11 PM Near Asahi Falls on Mt. Futago Near Asahi Falls on Mt. Futago The drill has penetrated through the 17th layer of armor. Near Asahi Falls on Mt. Futago It will reach headquarters in 3 hours 55 minutes. It will reach headquarters in 3 hours 55 minutes. No problem with the hub synchronization system. Power supply transfer from Shikoku and Kyushu is completed. Begin tests of each cooling system. This is a piece of precision machinery, so handle it carefully. Eva Positron Sniper Rifle (Nerv Specs - Formerly Strategic SDF Lab's Automated Positron Rifle) Eva Positron Sniper Rifle (Nerv Specs - Formerly Strategic SDF Lab's Automated Positron Rifle) This thing wasn't built for field operations. Will it really work? Eva Positron Sniper Rifle (Nerv Specs - Formerly Strategic SDF Lab's Automated Positron Rifle) There's no choice. This is a makeshift solution. There's no choice. This is a makeshift solution. So it'll be okay? Theoretically, yes. However, we won't know if the cannon barrel and accelerator will hold until we try firing it. This is the first time it's been fired with such a high power output. Here are your individual duties for the operation. Shinji... Yes, Ma'am. Shinji... Your Unit 01 will be the gunner. Yes, Ma'am. Rei, you're in charge of defense with Unit 00. Yes, Ma'am. This is because Shinji has a higher sync ratio with Unit 01, and this operation will require exceptional precision. Since the positron beam will be influenced by the Earth's gravity, magnetic fields and rotation, it will not fire in a straight line. You must remember to make adjustments for these deviations. You must penetrate the core precisely. But I've never practiced this! Don't worry. Just do what the manual says. When the indicators converge in the center, pull the trigger. The computers will handle the rest. Also, once you fire it, it will take time before you can fire again for cooling, reloading, and replacement of the fuses. Then, if I miss and the enemy shoots back... Don't think about unnecessary things right now. Just think about destroying it in one shot. So it's crisis time. I... I just need to defend Unit 01, correct? That's right. Understood. It's time. Both of you, get changed. Yes, Ma'am. We might die doing this. Why do you say that? You won't die. Because I'll protect you. ...a large-scale power outage all across... Why do you pilot this thing? Because I'm bound. Bound? Yes, it's a bond. With my father? With all people. You're very strong, Ayanami. Because I have nothing else. What do you mean, "you have nothing else"? It's time. Let's go. Goodbye. The time is now 00:00:00. Type 14 Large Mobile Command Car The time is now 00:00:00. Japan Standard Time Inside Command Car Inside Command Car Commencing operation. Commencing operation. Shinji, we're entrusting you with all the electricity of Japan. Good luck. Yes, Ma'am! Initiate primary connection. Initiating power transmission from districts number 1 through 803. Number 1 transmission system nominal. No problem with hub synchronizer output. Number 1 transmission system nominal. No problem with hub synchronizer output. No problem with hub synchronizer output. All transmission induction systems activated. All transmission induction systems activated. Conversion efficiency staying within estimated values. All transmission induction systems activated. Conversion efficiency staying within estimated values. Conversion efficiency staying within estimated values. Voltage is rising. Reaching pressure zone. Voltage is rising. Reaching pressure zone. All cooling systems, full power! Electron condenser system nominal. Auxiliary system activated. Electron condenser system nominal. Auxiliary system activated. Auxiliary system activated. Temperature stable. No problems detected. Temperature stable. No problems detected. Positron charge is nominal. Initiate secondary connection! All accelerators engaging. Activate convergence unit. Transmitting all power to Mt. Futago temporary substation. No problems reported with tertiary connection. Release final safety systems. Clear the chamber! Safe Empty Armed Loaded Error correction for Earth rotation and gravity is plus 0.0009. Voltage is 0.2 short of critical. Seventh and final connection engaged! All photo-electron fuses, commence convergence! Transmitting all energy to the positron rifle! 8... 7... 6... 5... High energy output detected from the target! 5... High energy output detected from the target! 4... High energy output detected from the target! 3... What did you say? 3... 2... 1... Fire! We missed? The enemy drill has broken into the Geo-Front! Fire two! Hurry! Replacing fuses! Initiating recharge! Barrel cooling in progress! Resume positron acceleration! Another high energy reading coming from the target! Oh, no! Shinji! Ayanami! The shield won't last! Aren't we ready yet?! Ten more seconds! Hurry up! Hurry up! Yes! Ayanami! Ayanami! Are you all right?! Ayanami! Don't say... Don't say that you have nothing else. Don't say goodbye when you leave on a mission. It's too sad. Why are you crying? I'm sorry. I don't know what to do at a time like this. You can just smile. To Be Continued Preview The humanoid weapon that the civilians developed to fight against the encroaching Angels goes out of control. Will Misato be able to stop the meltdown? It's the next episode: "That Which is Manmade" Look forward to it! Next Time That Which Is Manmade Look forward to it! Next Time That Which Is Manmade 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 