The Net: Season 1, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Net 
 s1e12 - Pandora's Box - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Net (1998–1999): Season 1, Episode 12 - Pandora's Box - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - We're over the trench now, Captain. - Go to quarter speed. - Wow, is that it? - That's it. Marianas Trench, Grand Canyon of the Pacific. 00,000 feet. Must be some incredible creatures down there. Those drums will be crushed like beer cans at that depth. I wonder what's in them. You did good today. Don't screw up and maybe I'll keep you around. Now go get something to eat. Yeah. Gonna get some air first, all right? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Yeah, just stay out of the way, huh? - Yeah. Attention. Get over here. OK, we slowed to 5 knots... and if I can just take this, we can really peg these guys. So, this is the Pacific Legion. September 28. Let them go. Yes! 145 degrees longitude by 25 degrees latitude. Tropic of Cancer. My name is Angela Bennett. I discovered a group of computer terrorists. They erased my life. They made me into a criminal. I am not going to stop until I get my life back. But if they did this to me, they could do this to you. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You're late. Did you get lost? - I have a life, you know? - No, you don't. Oh, right. Thanks for reminding me. - Looks like a beautiful day in San Francisco. - It is. What's up? Do you remember me telling you about my friend, Danny Breck? - The biologist out to save the world? - Right. I think he's in trouble. He's the director of this environmental group called CleanWave. - He's been trying to save San Francisco Bay. - Save it? From what? He suspects some company of dumping radioactive waste off the coast. I tracked down the ship for him. It left San Francisco fully loaded... heading for Singapore. - So this ship... What was it called? - Pacific Legion. So you think the Pacific Legion was dumping into the ocean all along the way? Exactly. He was supposed to photograph the ship being loaded with waste and get back to me. But I haven't heard from him since. - Where do I start? - Go to his office at CleanWave... volunteer, and find him for me. - I'm afraid he's in way over his head. - Okay. Hi, I'm Rain. I'm calling from the CleanWave group. No, sir, we're an environmental group. We're trying to raise money to save San Francisco Bay. Come in. It's open. Sorry. We were hoping that you'd-- Hello? Hello? God. That's three in a row. - Can I help you? - Hi, I'm Angela and I'd like to volunteer here. I'm Rain. You have any experience? I'm pretty good with computers. Oh, great! Let me show you what we've got. We can really use you around here... as most of us are real granolas. No, I don't mean that in a bad way, but... Hey, Jimmy, you know that we don't smoke in here. When I get paid, then you can tell me what to do. Come on, Danny will be back any day now and everybody'll get paid. That's what you said last week. Screw it. I'm going to get a real job. I got rent to pay. You coming? Come on, you guys, Danny will be back. He always comes back. - You can't let him down like this. - He let us down. This is a waste. I am sorry. Things are kind of rough around here right now. - So who's Danny? - He is CleanWave. Where is he? I don't know. I mean, last time that he took off like this... he stood up to his neck in a sewer for three days... just to catch this guy from the Pump-n-Lube dumping motor oil. - He had a full-body rash for a month. - Wow, that sounds like dedication. He's so smart. He's a biologist. He's the most passionate man that I have ever met. Is he your boyfriend? We sleep together sometimes, if that means anything. But he says he doesn't have time for a personal life. I mean, he's so busy raging against the machine, you know. But he likes the sex. And he doesn't tell you where he's going? He missed his brother's wedding last night. And he promised that he would go. Well, maybe he told his brother where he went. Michael and Danny are identical twins, but day and night. Danny's big worry is global warming... but Michael thinks that it'll let him play golf all year long. I think that you should ask Michael where Danny is. It means health and prosperity. Projections indicate that we can sell half a billion packs of cigarettes a day... in the People's Republic. Half a billion dollars a day. That's cash flow. Xia Min has negotiated a 50-year window. We'll begin immediately. Sir, the satellite network is back on schedule... following our unfortunate loss of the Russian satellite. We'll be fully integrated this time next month. And I am proposing the growth industry for the new millennium. We already own the drug trade. Nuclear power reactors from the 20 leading industrials... produce over 80,000 metric tons of radioactive waste each year. - Garbage? - Over the next five decades... more than $1 trillion will be spent worldwide... on nuclear waste disposal. Wait. Now, there's no such thing as nuclear waste disposal. Or just what do you propose we all do with it? We're going to dump it into the oceans. Mr Chairman... even if we managed to covertly dump the waste... rising levels of radioactivity in the Earth's ecosystem... will lead authorities back to our doorstep. We've already begun tests on that. Olivier, are you proposing that we charge the world $1 trillion... to eliminate nuclear waste and then simply dump it in the sea? The highest return on investment since Bill Gates bought DOS for $50,000. Made him the richest man in the world. Yeah, that's what I like people to believe. Well, thank you for your proposals. You'll be notified of our next gathering by e-mail. I'd like to speak with you, Mr Olivier. Good luck. Trelawney. You stay as well. This project sounds promising. I was wondering, Mr Trelawney, do you suppose... Sorcerer might be interested in it? What's the latest profile on him? Forty to sixty years of age and in the top 10 IQ percentile. He possesses advanced technical degrees. In our most comprehensive and recent computer profile... it suggests that he might be a retired academic... residing in the southwestern US-- And has this gotten you any closer to identifying him? Perhaps your duties as head of the security branch are too taxing. Is it time for a fresh approach? - Sir, the Sorcerer-- - What about Angela Bennett? I imagine you must have forgotten to mention her to me. Mr Olivier, she's wanted by the FBI. Under the direction of our operatives in the Washington bureau... she is under continuous surveillance. Well, that would explain how she's eluded the FBI. Explain to me now how she has eluded you, Mr Trelawney. Miss Bennett is making you look like a fool. Sir, Angela Bennett is supported by Sorcerer. Now, I have directed our security branch... to use her to entrap Sorcerer. Good, good. Then the responsibility is shared. Gentlemen, the success of this nuclear waste project depends entirely... on our ability to keep it a secret. The slightest interference, and I will terminate the project... and the project managers. How old are you, Mr Olivier? - And what is the point, Sir? - Your age. Fifty, later this year. Happy birthday. Thank you for backing me up. You can count on my loyalty. Your loyalty is predicated by your own self-interest. Just do your job. Wow, what a spread. Yeah. Mike's new father-in-law owns EnTron Oil. Friends of your brother's. Oh, man. - Hey. - Hi. - Congratulations. - Thanks To both of you. I hope you'll always be happy. This is for you from Danny and me. You can just put it on the table with the rest of them. Hi, I'm Angela. Congratulations. - Hi. - Sorry, she's a friend of Danny's. So where is Danny? May I speak to you alone? Michael, we have guests. It's about your brother, Danny. Your brother doesn't even have the decency to attend our wedding. And now his little tramp girlfriend shows up with a stranger. Listen, why don't you go find the photographer, and I'll be right back, okay? I'm sorry. So what's Danny done now? He's missing. Yeah, well, he's always disappearing. He'll be back. Did he tell you what he was working on? Saving the whales, saving the Bay. I mean, he's always saving something. I think that Danny's in real trouble. With the police? Danny has made his own choices. He'll just have to live with them. We have guests. Have you talked to him at all lately? Your friend Rain decided to leave. She's waiting for you at the gate. Honey, I'll walk her out, okay? Look, he wanted to borrow some money... a few hundred to buy a GPS. A Global Positioning System? Yeah, it's used to navigate by satellite. What do you think he was going to do with one of those? I don't know. So what's the connection between a bunch of punk environmentalists... and one of the wealthiest families in the state? - They're brothers. - Who? The guy that just married into the EnTron Oil family... is Danny Breck's brother. Here you go, sir. This the woman you've been taking pictures of? Liz Marx. I knew I'd seen her before. You know, I'm thinking maybe this CleanWave group... has gotten tired of being small-time pacifists. Maybe recruited themselves a bomb-maker. Maybe they need somebody to help them make some fast money. Maybe EnTron Oil is their target. Didn't one of their ships run aground off Alaska last year? Get warrants. Document everything... but don't move in until we know exactly what's happening. - Let's cast the net wide here. - We can't risk losing her. Well, she's our new primary. At the very least, when this is over, we want Liz Marx behind bars. We have trouble. - You know? - Know what? - Someone was in the CleanWave office. - Yeah, they made a real mess. Hey, they went online with me, posing as Danny. The Praetorians? How? More like the FBI. Your file's been very active at the San Francisco office. I bet somebody made you and there's a guy in a van outside right now. You know, Danny bought a GPS right before he disappeared. Oh, man. He must have gone out on the Pacific Legion... to mark the location of the dump site. Rain found the invoice. The GPS came with a class B position beacon. Satellite-detectable. We can track it. All right, Danny. Hang on a sec. I've got to get into a Coast Guard down/ink... to track the beacon. In the meantime, official shipping manifests say... the Pacific Legion is docked in Singapore. But I'm looking at a live shot of it docked in San Francisco. Doesn't make sense. How could it be in two places at once? Well, the ship went out fully loaded and came back empty under a different name. Heat signatures confirm it. Both ships are owned by Stanchon Environmental Controls. They're juggling the manifests to hide the dumping. They've got a Danny listed on the outgoing voyage, but not the return. What else have you got? Just some partial files of the letters that he wrote... to a couple of Congressmen, the Mayor, the Coastal Planning Commission... the Centre for... The Centre for Nuclear Control. That's it. - The Centre for Nuclear Control? - Yeah. They have jurisdiction over nuclear waste transport. All the letters that he sent out were addressed... to the director, Lawrence LeDoux. He's the guy who can stop this. He's the one that Danny's been trying to get all the evidence to. I'm uploading photographs of the ship being loaded with something... and returning empty, plus the manifests. Take them to the guy at the CNC. We've got enough to nail Stanchon for illegal dumping. Yeah. Maybe murder. - Who are you talking to? - It's a friend of mine. Have you ever heard of a man named Lawrence LeDoux? Yeah, he runs the Centre for Nuclear Control. But he won't help us. He thinks we're a bunch of crazy radicals. - Where is his office? - Columbus and Vineyard. Okay. I promise we're going to find Danny, but first I need you to do something for me. Well, Sir was right. I found a connection to Sorcerer in the Clean Wave computer. Damn it, Trelawney! How come you didn't know this before? You said yourself, we're counting on Angela to lead us to Sorcerer. I just said that to save my own neck. We have to assume he knows everything. What's his next move? He'll' want to get the information to the ONO... the only authority with international jurisdiction... over nuclear waste transport. That's the bottleneck. Sorcerer will eventually go to CNC. And when he does... you make sure they're regarded as terrorists and turned in to the FBI. Good idea. You won't brownnose your way to the top here, Trelawney. I have no illusions about your motivation in anything. Get moving! Yeah, that's right. Pick me up from the office at 6:00. He's going to the Governor's party at the Marina... so you get to take me out to dinner. Great. Love you. Bye. Now, what can I do for you? Hi, I'm here to see the director, Lawrence LeDoux. I know that he's very busy, but it's urgent... and I just need a moment of his time. Angela Trent. Yes, Mr LeDoux, there's an Angela Trent to see you, sir. No appointment. She says it's urgent. - Are you with a company? - Yes, I'm a volunteer at CleanWave. CleanWave. Yes, sir. Mr LeDoux will see you in six weeks' time. Would you like to make an appointment? I'm sorry, but you can't go-- Thank you for seeing me. Do you know Danny Breck? I know the name. We corresponded, but never met. Look, I'll tell you what I told him. - I need proof. I can't act on suspicion. - I have proof. Stanchon Environmental Controls is dumping waste into the ocean. Danny went aboard their ship, the Pacific Legion. It left San Francisco Bay fully loaded and came back empty. That's not a crime, miss. - I have satellite images showing-- - You have satellite images? Oh, yeah, showing that the Pacific Legion left fully loaded... came back completely empty, never docking in Singapore. Now, the ship manifest proves Stanchon is juggling the books to hide the dumping. Why bring this to me? Because we believe that they're carrying nuclear waste. Well, that brings us right back to where we started, hard evidence. Well, don't you think that's at least enough to investigate? Stanchon is a nuclear waste disposal company. Miss, Stanchon Environmental is a licensed handler of toxic waste. I need more than paranoid suspicion to initiate a public investigation. You know as well as I do that 90% of all of our nuclear waste ever produced... is still sitting in above-ground temporary storage. And you use electricity just like the rest of us. Yes, and I know that there's no place to put this stuff. I assure you, competent people are working towards a responsible solution. And we're here to make sure it happens safely. So stop acting like a politician and do your job. Come on, ma'am. I've been trying to get hold of you for hours. Errands. I had to pick up Nana's whippet at the fluff-and-fold. Neurotic dog blew lunch in my backseat. - Jacob? - I tracked down the beacon. Danny's hiding on the ship. You gotta get to him. - You got the package? - Yeah. It's right here. Open it. We have to talk. It took me all night to find it. Saddam's been buying up every hand-held locator he can get his hands on. - Jacob. - I finally found one out of Honduras. This army colonel's got gear from war games with the US. Anyway, now you've got it. This will put you within five metres of where he's hiding. I already know where Danny is. Well, why didn't you say so? Jacob, up north of here, a fisherman at Punta Gorda turned up Danny's body. I was scanning FBI activity and I stumbled across the report. Danny's dead? Yeah. I'm sorry, Jacob. Not Danny. Jacob, listen to me. Danny died because it was important. Whatever he discovered, he left for us to find. But I think that... I think we can finish it for him. So you wanna tell me how to set this thing? Jacob, what's the frequency? Sorcerer. 121.5. - 243 megahertz. - Okay. - Supposed to meet them? - Yeah, they're gonna be right over here. Well, it's like Danny said, business as usual. God, I can't believe they killed him. Why didn't he tell me these people were so dangerous-- He did tell you, Mike! He didn't talk about anything else. You just weren't listening. I couldn't listen. I mean, the guy was like a broken record. Because he needed you on his side. God. I'm sorry. Look, I... I was the kid brother by 10 minutes. I wanted to be in with him, I wanted to give him a hand, but... Danny, he was always so sure of himself, you know... the boy who never asked for any help. Until it was too late to ask. Yeah. You're right. I should have listened. Sometimes it just gets so difficult, you forget to reach out a hand. I know I do it sometimes. Maybe Danny was that way, too. Maybe. But I'm pretty sure, at the last moment, that he was asking for our help. HOW? He left a locator beacon on and it's still sending a signal. It's on the Stanchon ship, and I can pinpoint where it is with this. - It's about the nuclear waste, right? - Oh, yeah. What do you think, he left something for us to find, I mean, some kind of evidence? I think that we owe it to him to find out. Well, how do we get aboard ship? Well, I've been thinking about it. Are you guys game? I know you know what these people are like. Yeah, I'm in. Wild horses couldn't keep me away. Okay. Then we should go tonight. You're sure your husband will be home soon? Wild horses couldn't keep him away. Mrs Breck, if I could show you the photos, too. - Anything you can tell me. - Of course. I didn't know Danny well, but I can tell you Michael will be devastated by the news. You recognise this woman? She's Danny's friend. Michael and I saw her once at our wedding brunch. She came with Danny's assistant or girlfriend... I never know which. Michael wanted nothing to do with her. She say anything? Want anything? No. Rain brought a present, some small well-intentioned hideous thing. Who is Liz Marx? Cyber terrorist. We believe she's involved with CleanWave. It is very sad, of course, about Danny, but I share Michael's thoughts on this. Danny was a dreamer, a child needing a dose of discipline. No sense of life's true responsibilities. This is how one gets in trouble. No sense of responsibilities? I see what you mean, ma'am. Frankly, we feel that it's not only dangerous... but unfair... blaming us because we carry nuclear waste. Never mind that we dispose of it safely, never mind that we're certified by the CNC... she wants to blow us up. Very unfair. She was here yesterday. Walked right through security. Oh, yeah, she's clever as a minx. I spend half my day telling people nuclear power isn't the enemy. The other half I spend cleaning up after the PR nightmare the industry makes. At Stanchon Environment Controls, we think of ourselves as the solution... not the problem. I hope you mentioned that when you entertained a known terrorist in your office. Oh, I know you people do a bang-up job. - I see the FBI is involved. - Of course. That's good. I feel safer already. - Yeah. It's good to feel safe, isn't it? - Yeah. Something to aspire to. - What's the matter with you? - What's the matter with me? - Yeah. - There's nothing the matter with me! - Don't you ever-- - There's nothing the matter-- - Don't you touch me-- - Let go of me. - Just shut up, okay? - Let go of me. Help me! Come on, you two. Break it up. Come on, break it up. Man! Not your average rust bucket. Not with this set-up. It was worth it, wasn't it, asking for help? We've slowed to about 5 knots and if I can get a closer look... we can really peg these guys. So, this is the Pacific Legion, September 28. And today is... Well, we just crossed the Date Line this morning... so reference this by the video date, okay, Rain? This date will go down in history. And we're... Let's get it exactly, so we don't get any ifs, ands or buts from LeDoux. It's 145 degrees longitude by 25 degrees latitude. Tropic of Cancer. I overheard one of the American hands say... we're about 400 kilometres south-southeast of Iwo Jima. Jerk was touched 'cause his granddad fought there. Doesn't realise he's scrapping toxic waste... that'll poison this ocean for 300 generations. He's right by the Marianas Trench. That's like the deepest part of the ocean, right? Yup, it's the perfect place to dump something. What's that he's looking at? Each of those drums contains enough nuclear waste... to take out the water supply for 10 cities. Here are the stock barcodes. We can match these with the CNC records, where the waste was supposed to be stored. LeDoux can see for himself... that Stancnon Environmental' does a hell of a job. I'm going to see if I can get closer. - All right, this is good. - Hey! What is this? Damn. They made me. I gotta get out of here. - Do you want me to turn this off? - No. No, I want to see. - What do you think you're doing? - No! Get off! What is this? - What is she doing here? - Look, I know who killed Danny. Angela found a tape that he made. I want her out of my house and out of our lives now. - Madeline, am I talking to myself? - Michael. - Look, I know who killed Danny. - It was probably her. - What are you talking about? - She's talking about me. - What do you mean? - The FBI was here. She's a terrorist, a murderer. They think she killed Danny. - That's crazy. I know who killed him. - I'm calling the police. Would you hold off? And what's wrong with you? With me? You've brought a terrorist into our lives. It's not her fault, Michael. Look, would someone please tell me what's going on here? Well, what Madeline is saying is not untrue, it's just half true... which makes it harder to understand what's real. - Look, what does that mean? - Angela, are you a criminal? - No. The police think I am, but I'm not. - So they think you are? - Yes, they think I am. - You see? So, if I help you, I'm aiding and abetting a federal fugitive... even though you're not who they say you are? Well, until now you had deniability. I'm gonna take the tape to LeDoux. Otherwise Danny's death is meaningless. It'll prove Danny was right. I believe Angela. I know all this stuff sounds crazy, but Danny always said that... "Tell a lie, pepper it with some truth... "and no matter how innocent somebody is, they'll seem guilty." Get her out of my house. - Don't you mean "our house"? - No, she's right. I'm gonna go. I'll take the tape to LeDoux. I'll just go to the Governor's party. Hey, you'll never get in alone, okay? I'll go with you. I'll get us in. - Michael, I refuse to allow-- - You what? You are my husband. Choose between her and me. This is about Danny. He's dead because he was trying to stop those people from poisoning the ocean. Now, I can't do nothing. She's gonna call the FBI. I have to get the tape to LeDoux. I... You'll never get aboard dressed like that. Go to Madeline's closet, find something to wear... and I'll try to stop her, okay? Hurry. Come on. Madeline. Madeline. I want a divorce. Come on, honey. You know I love you. Then why did you side with a criminal? My brother is dead, Madeline. I've been married two days, Danny is gone, and that woman is in my house. - Why is this happening? - Look, you gotta trust me. Now come on, honey. - We're gonna have seven kids. - Two. And what good is it to bring up kids in a world that's poisoned, huh? Now you sound like Danny. Do whatever you have to do, but I want my life back. Can... Angela borrow one of your dresses? So, are you gonna be okay? Madeline just has a little more in some places and a little less in the others. Oh, yeah. So, you think she's ever gonna forgive you? I'm gonna be paying for this for a long time. Just don't stain that dress, okay? - Okay. - Mr and Mrs Michael Breck. Absolutely. Make it your number one priority. Sir, loading's completed and they're weighing anchor within the hour. Good work. Thank you, sir. Get me the Chairman. Mr. Hearney's left this proposal on doubling fees for disposing of caesium 137, sir. He asked you to present it to the Chairman-- I'm trying... I'm trying to focus my thoughts right now, not advance Mr Hearney's. I'm in the mood for only good news. Well, today's your day, then. I've managed to get the shipment out earlier than we had expected. The ship's engines are warming as we speak. Oh, and I... I may have found a way to double our income on caesium 137. You're making me look good. I like that. High tide raises all ships, Mr Chairman. I'll pass that along. - I don't see him. - No. - You wanna split up? - Yeah, I'll take the stern. - All right, I'll take the bow wow. - Aye, aye. Come on, answer. Hello. No, no. She's at the other end of the boat. Yeah, it looks like the FBI. You better warn Angela. Something's going on. Well, privatisation is the glue to the structure we've built... and on which we're building. And I think that... Oh, my God. Mr LeDoux, I hate to interrupt. I have a... I'm sorry, may I speak to you in private? Yeah, why don't you come with me, away from the crowd? Excuse us. - And what's this? - It's proof. It's a videotape. Proof that Danny Breck was killed. Proof that Stanchon Environmental did it. And proof that they were dumping radioactive waste into the ocean. Yeah, why don't you wait here for me? I want someone else to hear this. All right? All right. Come on, don't let me down. Hi. I think we got FBI coming aboard. - I'll never get off this ship. - Not unless you jump. Okay. You know what? I can't swim in this dress. Here. Unzip me. Come on, come on, come on. OK, don't look. Don't look. LeDoux has got the tape. Get to him before anybody else does. Take me out of the equation so they see that it's real. Angela? Angela? - What-- - FBI. She'll try for the rendezvous. Meet her. I got to go. Did you see a young girl, blue dress, was here a minute ago? - I saw a dark-haired girl. - Yeah. She went down there. Our ship has sailed, Mr Chairman. Okay. I can't stop you this time. This time you win. Save our ocean! Save our ocean! Save our ocean! Save our ocean. - Hey. - Hey, you made it. Yeah. Yeah, just barely. And they didn't arrest you anyway, huh? That's good. Yeah, well, I explained about my brother and the tape and... It's the truth... but the FBI just thinks that Angela made the whole thing up to fool us. Part of some bigger plan that she had. They refuse to believe otherwise, so they had to let me go. So you're just another of her innocent victims, right? So, what about LeDoux? Well, he said he never got the tape. I called him... and he said we had to find an equitable solution. He said... our goals aren't different... just our methods. That's what I used to say to Danny. Hey. - Save the ocean, right? - Yeah. What did you do with the tape? - Why haven't you shown it to anyone? - Look... I can't do anything for you, and killing me won't help. Killing you? I wish I had it in me sometimes... when I think of all the people that you could be killing. Why? All for kickbacks? Are they gonna elect you to something some day? Is that what it is? I have a copy of the tape. And some day, somewhere, when you're not looking... I'm going to release it and you can't stop it. Because it's information, and you can't own it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 