Apparitions: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Apparitions 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Apparitions (2008–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 Father Jacob is called by Father Daniel to investigate a report of a possession in a prison. He wonders whether it is a case of demonic possession or possession by a saint. Meanwhile, Cardinal Bukovak steps up his effort to prevent Father Jacob from performing exorcisms. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I've done something terrible. If the police find him, they'll put him in prison and the one who really murdered Vimal will be free to come and go. I hope he finds you, you Bible-bashing scum! - What's your name? - Michael. Your friend's death must have been a terrible blow. Tell Cardinal Bukovak, if he wants to clip my wings, he'll need to come and do it in person. I hope you're not under the illusion that staying in England grants you freer rein to indulge your fetish for exorcism. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Transcript: Chocolate Subtitles: ouazo, Kasius You can perform whatever ceremony you like as long as at the end of it I've got my prison back. {pos(192,220)}I don't perform an exorcism until I've talked to the subject. You told me this guy was going to sort it. No, what I said was Father Jacob is the most experienced person in the country at dealing with this kind of... Voodoo... right. Look, we've got a serious case of religious hysteria brewing among some of the most violent prisoners in the UK. You are here to nip it in the bud. Now, if you wanna call that an exorcism it's fine if it makes him happy. Just light your candles, say your prayers and we'll go home. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You haven't witnessed any of the phenomena associated with this inmate. Look, I've got a file this thick. Healings, visions, funny voices... - you name it. - You should witness it. I'm with you. I'd love it to be fraud. But if you want to fight it, you need to see it. Hello. What's your name? Are you unable to speak? Are you unwilling? How does it make you feel? Do you have a message? Preghi. Preghi? What's that... Italian? Who are you? Who should I pray for? Yes, I will. Do you have a sign for me? Did it work? Is she gone for good? Did you get rid of her? I'm not sure that an exorcism is what you need. What I need is for you to get that bitch out of me. Who is she? I don't know. Do you know why she's here? This may be difficult for you to accept, but I don't think she means you any harm. Perhaps, perhaps she's here to help you understand something... Get her out of me! Get her out! Get her out! Get her out! Get her out! Sweating blood... That's got to be pretty conclusive. It's called hematohidrosis. It happens under extreme stress. Or chromhidrosis after ingesting certain drugs. - So, he could be faking it? - Yeah, could be. - I don't think he is. - So, do your stuff. What are you waiting for? - I don't think I have the authority. - But I've spoken to the Bishop. This goes a bit higher than the Bishop. What did you smell in there? He was wearing some kind of weird aftershave. - It was more like perfume. - Flowers? That's the odour of sanctity. Not evil. So, he's not possessed? Not by demons. Good morning. How are you feeling today? - Good. - How are you on your feet? You must be getting very bored with this room. Still shaky. But you can make it to the bathroom. - Look. - It's alright, I believe you. You don't like the pyjamas? Ah, sorry. I'll, I'll put them on. Sorry. Do you remember anything? Dreams? Flying dreams. They're good. Who wants to remember feeling like this? Give me one example of possession by a saint. - Exciting, isn't it? - Saints don't possess unwilling hosts. - Let alone serial rapists. - Why not? Because grace is a gift from God not an imposition. Sister, this is Father Daniel from Sandfield Prison. - Are we too late for breakfast? - Oh, I'm fine. Thank you. The kitchen's closed. Let's have a look at that file. This is a breach of confidence. I'm not really supposed to let you see. Why would a saint speak to us like this? It may not be about us. She may be here for Cory. She asked you to pray for me. - Got a problem with that? - It sounded like a threat. God can be pretty terrifying. If a saint wanted to help Cory... she wouldn't possess him. She wouldn't take away his free will. Are you telling the saints what they can do? Father, I invited you to resolve the situation not to aggravate it. Would you rather it was a demon? At least we have a procedure for dealing with them. We have a procedure for dealing with the saints as well. We listen and we learn. His mother doesn't visit him. You won't get anything out of that. She won't talk to clergy. Well, she sounds interesting. - Ah, thank you. - Father, do you have a moment? Always for you, Sister. It's about our guest. It can wait. No, no, go ahead. We're looking after a homeless man. He makes Sister Ruth uncomfortable. Silly of me I know. He arrived covered in blood just after two people were murdered here. The perpetrator of that crime is behind bars. Is there anything about this individual or do we serve the entire homeless population of London. - The kitchen would like to know. - Michael is vulnerable. As soon as I'm satisfied that he's fully recovered, he can leave. I think he likes it here. I don't think he's in any hurry. He needs our help. Does she work for you lot. She doesn't work for me, she works for Cardinal Bukovak. She got her period? I heard she can cure people. You just missed her. I'm here about your son. Didn't you speak to the last Chaplain? I'm not here to talk religion. I want to talk to the mother of a very sick man. One last try? Why do you think he raped all those women? I'm sure it's all my fault. He claims to be possessed by a woman. Did he display any cross-dressing tendencies when he was a child? He hates women. When did that become apparent? When he made my nipples bleed and spat out the milk. Is that when you first went to a priest? Did he help? He threw some water about and said a prayer. When that didn't work, he said get a brain scan. I can help your son. Yes, you can. You can let him die. Whoever attacked him should get a medal. I'm not coming to his death bed. I grieved for him a long time ago. When they brought him in they thought he was dying. That's why they called his mother. He seems to have made a miraculous recovery. Do you know why this is happening to you? Help me. I can only help you... if you tell me. Is there something you need to confess? I'm going to hell. Isn't that enough for her? No-one has to go to hell. Tell me why she's here and I can help you. Admit your crimes. I never said he cut me. It felt more like a punch. The blade was covered in his blood and so was he. If he can do miracles, why didn't he save himself? Is that why you attacked him? Because he could do miracles? Has this man raped other inmates? So, why did you try to rape Cory? Some cultures believe that sex with a virgin cleanses the body of illness. Was it her you were trying to rape? I wouldn't be surprised if there have been other demands made on Cory. That may be why he's so desperate to get rid of her. Sister... you seem very settled. That's reassuring. Your Eminence, I didn't know you were in the country. - Father Jacob is out of the office. - Is he? It's not an exorcism. He's investigating a miracle. It's within his remit. Saints behaving like demons, possessing rapists. - Which remit would that be? - He didn't pursue this. The prison chaplain approached him. No doubt from his reputation after the last scandal. Headlines worldwide. I can see he's already appealed to your sympathy. The misunderstood maverick fighting Vatican bureaucracy. He hasn't mentioned the Vatican. I'm not denying his charisma, Sister. Exorcists are full of it. The glamour of fighting Satan in hand to hand combat. His path however attracts the deluded, the disturbed and the dangerous. Why haven't you expelled him? Better inside the tent pissing out they said. Now we're all soaked. I had hoped that your presence might inhibit him. Instead he seems to find it a provocation. What do you want me to do? You are no longer here to monitor him. I want you to gather evidence. Documents. Emails. Conversations. Evidence for what? His theories are heresy. Academics have been excommunicated for less. Why do you think she's a virgin? You heard her. She sounded like a child to me. Can't demons impersonate children? No, no, no, he's on to something. All of Cory's victims were virgins. Shouldn't we be talking about how to get rid of her? If she is a saint, the first thing we should do is find out who she is and what she wants, and then do it. Well, what about suspects? How many saints are there? Ten thousand plus. Great! Possession then... - any of them got form on that? - Well, we're on our own there. No documented cases of saintly possession. What about saints and rapists? Maria Goretti is the Patron Saint of rape victims. She was murdered resisting a rape just over a hundred years ago. - Was she a virgin? - She was 11. Shouldn't we dig up some background on her and Cory and see if there are any other connections? Cory was 20 when he was put behind bars. Maria Goretti's assailant, Alessandro Serenelli was also 20. Both of them gave the victims the same choice: lose your virginity or die. But Serenelli repented in prison. He attended Holy Communion with the victim's mother. And he went to her canonization. But Cory has never even admitted his guilt. Right, well, that's what I'm saying. She takes over a guy who raped virgins and gets him raped until he owns up. Does that sound like God? That is Satan making a mockery of everything we stand for. If it is Maria Goretti, perhaps she's trying to get him to reconcile with his victims. That's what her attacker did. There is no way I am putting you in touch with rape victims. Has he had any visitors? Care... ful. - Can I help you? - Sandra Tellor? - Yes. - My name is Father Jacob. I'm here on behalf of Sandfield Prison. It's in relation to Cory Wardell. Are you willing to talk to me about him? You tried to visit him in prison and he turned you down. I thought if I spoke to him it would help me. And him maybe. Did he explain why he refused? He said there was nothing to explain. I asked for it, you see. And you're willing to talk to me about it? I don't know, ask me a question. - How old were you? - 15. It's all right really, I've told it a hundred times to a hundred strangers. No, it's... I'm trying to find a way of talking about the reason, no, not the reason... the mechanics, without sounding... It's hard, because no-one wants to talk about there being a reason. It's not allowed to be my fault, but sometimes I wish it had been then I could do something about it and move on. Did he say anything during the attack? Nothing that made any sense. I thought it was some foreign language but he... he doesn't speak any apparently. And he called me Maria. The other girls too. That seems to be the person he was angry at. Anything else you remember? - His breath. - Smoke? No. Worse. Like a chemical factory. Must have been a medical condition. Can't have been easy for him to chat someone up. You don't hate him. He gave me a choice. He said I could die a virgin. I made my choice. I love my life. And if I hated him it would mean I made the wrong choice and I didn't. - Do you believe in God? - Cory put a stop to all that. No great loss. I think you would be a great loss to God. He should have treated me better then. I cut myself because I did something terrible. Have you remembered? What happened here... before I turned up? There was a visitor from Rome. A Monsignor. A friend of Jacob's. He was insane. He murdered two people. It was nothing to do with me? Apparently not. Even though I turned up just after it happened? Father Jacob says you're innocent. That's what priests do, isn't it? If it's troubling you perhaps you should talk to the police. I thought I may have done something bad. I didn't think it was... He wouldn't let me stay here if I was dangerous, would he? I don't know Father Jacob all that well. Why don't you call the police? I haven't said I won't. I'm glad to see you've got your strength back. How's the memory coming along? Sister Ruth's been filling me in. Oh, yes, there was always that danger. I was hoping to be able to sit down with you myself. I'm sorry. Did I do this? Do you remember doing it? He was a friend of yours. How can you even look at me? You were possessed. Am I cured? We'll be better placed to judge that when you've remembered. - I don't want to. - Well, you have to I'm afraid. There are several ways a man can become possessed. Innocently through the will of God, or as the victim of some occult ritual. Or he may invite demons in through grave and persistent sin. Worst case scenario... a man can actively invite the demons in. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to burden you with this until you were strong enough to deal with it. You think I can deal with this? You must if you want to remain clean. Father, why have they cancelled the visits? - I don't know. - Is it true? What have you heard? One of the inmates has been healing the sick and now he's dying. - Who told you that? - One of the wives. Is he still alive? He's been injured, but he is recovering. Pray for him if you can. He needs all the help he can get. I will. Has he said anything since you saw him last? Has she? You still think she's a saint? It's a bit more complicated than that. I've spoken to his mother and one of his victims and they seem to indicate - he was possessed before he got here. - Demonically possessed? - So I was right, she's not a saint. - Maybe. Where did she first appear? It's been taken apart and put back twice. You're wasting your time. Top one's Cory's. - Where's his cellmate? - He dislocated his jaw... screaming to be let out. We'll spend the night here. No matter what anyone hears, this door stays locked. What was in the box? What do you think? A relic. Something sacred... to provoke the demon. I got the idea from a friend of mine. She could be trying to fool you. Absolutely. Satan is a master of deceit. I always thought that the odour of sanctity was... sacrosanct. Maybe mistaken. Perhaps demons have found a way of faking that too. You agree, it's demonic possession? Well, he was certainly demonically possessed when he committed his crimes. The question is whether he is still is, or maybe she's managed to drive them out. How can you find that out in here? Demons love bedrooms. Let's see if anybody wants to come out to play. Lights out! Hey, stranger. Found a better spot? Kind of. They take women? Not sure. Maybe not. How long have we known each other? - Couple of years. - What do you know about me? - {*Do you k}Know what I used to do for a living? - A living?! Are you serious? Why? You sound different. Come here. You taste different. You really have cleaned up, haven't you? Are you still in there? Have you forgotten what to do? There you are. Hail Mary, the Lord is it... Harlot be thy name. I shall conceive in my womb and bring forth the Son of the Most High, and the Lord shall give unto him the throne of David his father... ... And of his kingdom there will be no end... Started the same time you did. You were talking in your sleep. You were reciting the prayer of exorcism. - It was a bad dream. - Yes, that's why we're here. What was it? - I don't remember. - Daniel, this is important. It's one of the ways they communicate. Father, I need to find out what's happening out there. Have you seen this? - I took it down. - Why did you throw this away? It's Aramaic. The language of Christ. {If you keep us in hell} {we will make your life hell} {and all those around you} There's no way he could have got out of here. He couldn't walk without help, let alone escape. If he had help, it wasn't from the inside. Would a Saint have helped him escape from prison? An angel helped St Peter escape from prison. St. Peter wasn't a rapist! All I'm saying is, what if you're wrong? What if he's been freed to rape again? Have you been a good nun? Kept your vows? Kept it tight? {It's been a long time, Maria.} {Are you watching?} {Or are you going to join in?} {You do not belong here, brother} You saved her. Not such a bad man after all. How is she? Scared. - Do you want a drink? - No, thank you. - I think you should have one. - I don't need one. I do. Cheers. How are you finding the job? Why don't you get Bukovak to find somebody else to spy for him? Some of us took vows of obedience. That's not the same as a vow of stupidity. - What did he tell you about me? - Nothing I haven't seen for myself. You attract disturbed people. Cory Wardell is a little worse than disturbed. I think you know that. - I don't. - Did he speak to you? - Yes. - Albanian? Make your mind up Father. - Is he possessed by Saints or demons? - I think they're fighting over him. You won't even entertain the notion that he might be mentally disturbed. It was the Church who first warned about confusing mental illness with possession. Synod of Reims, 1583. Don't teach your grandmother to suck eggs. Why would demons attack me? I'm not on your side. I don't know. Maybe they think it'll make me trust you. - You'll be in my prayers, Father. - Not if you're in mine first. Can't remember the last time I had a proper bed. It's like a hotel. - How did you get in here? - How did you? You hate religion. - They did terrible things to you. - How did you find me? Followed you. - I couldn't believe it. - Get dressed. - You're gonna get me thrown out. - You've changed. Have they brainwashed you? - You... - I'm not interested. - I like who I am now. - So? What were you doing outside the nun's bedroom then? How long has it been? I've missed you. This isn't you. I need to know what you saw. I need to confess. That dream wasn't your unconscious mind speaking. It was something else. Please. It's not a sin. It's a vision. Maria Goretti's killer repented in prison because of a dream, you know. He dreamt that Maria came to him carrying fourteen lilies, one for each time he stabbed her. It wasn't flowers. Was it virgins? Was it rape? You're quite clear about the words she used? Absolve me. In the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit. One Our Father, one Hail Mary. - These words... - Luke chapter one. The Annunciation. It's a demonic inversion. Instead of Gabriel appearing to Our Lady to tell Her that something wonderful is on its way we've got a demon... - Why didn't she appear to you? - I'm not a virgin. So... Give messages to the faithful. This is the Satanic equivalent. The rape of a virgin. Who is it speaking through Cory Wardell? In demonic possession, there's sometimes more than one entity present. Perhaps the same thing is true of Saintly possession. Who else? Maria Goretti's inspiration. The Blessed Virgin? The Mother of Christ? Inside a rapist?! - What have they done to you? - I'm not a rapist. You might have forgotten how we first met. I haven't. - You're lying. - Why would I? I don't want you in here. Get out. It's just a game. - You used to like it. - This is me. Get out. It seems like a woman. Either he wrote this when he was possessed or there's a woman writing to him. It's confused. - Modern thoughts in ancient language. - How can you tell? There are mistakes in... in the syntax and the grammar. This was been written by somebody who studied Aramaic, not somebody who spoke it 2,000 years ago. This is the work of a student. Not Our Lady. What does it say? She talks about losing her only child. One of Cory's victims. I thought you wanted to know who you are. I'm not going to find out from you. You want it in black and white? Look in the mirror. Were there any victims of Cory Wardell that weren't part of the trial? I don't know. He probably raped other women. I can find out. - I'm talking about missing persons. - He was never charged with murder. I believe that he may have been corresponding with the mother of someone he murdered. People who lose daughters always send letters to bastards like him. Have you ever read any? They break your heart but it doesn't mean he killed anyone. Answering them would be just his way of having fun. What was his modus operandi? It wasn't just rape. He offered a choice: rape or death. That's exactly the choice offered to Maria Goretti. I think that one of his victims chose death and that's what he can't admit and that's why she's here. These are all from the same woman, asking about a missing daughter. - Have you any idea who sent them? - Working on it. - What have you got there? - Missing persons, at the time Cory was active. Are you sure? - We have to tell the police. - That you saw her in a dream? Good luck with that. Mrs Portman. I'm... so sorry to invade your privacy. I'm sorry about your daughter. - Do you know who wrote these? - Cory Wardell. - But these are not his words. - He likes to pretend he's my daughter. I wrote for eight years begging him to tell me. He made me beg him. He made me send him presents. Pictures. A few months ago, he started sending these and I got them translated. There are things only she knew. He must have made her tell him before he killed her. Where was she last seen? Sunday morning, in church. Was she devout from a very early age? Mary was never really mine and I know she's with God now but I need to find her body. See I think that he was trying to contact you. I think he was trying to confess. He just wants to torture me some more. God wouldn't be so cruel. When you've lost a child, you'll believe it. Believe me. God never gives us trials that we can't endure. You must be right because I'm still here. - Keep your faith. - I do. Would you mind if I just pay my respects before I leave? - Your respects? - Yeah, Mary's bedroom. - Your daughter doesn't want revenge. - Nor do I. All he has to do is tell me where she is. That is why he came here. He just needs a little help. This is your last chance cos the police are here and I will not let you go back inside without telling me. I will not let you torture me for another eight years. You have to tell me now. Where is she! - Please, stop. - I don't remember. - Tell her! - I can't! - Please help me! - If you kill him now, - you'll never find her. - If he doesn't tell me now, he's never going to. I can't let him enjoy that. I will not let you have power over me - or anyone else ever again. - Kim, give me the knife... - I'm sorry. - Just stop. Please, I beg you. - Why won't you tell me! - Because they won't let me! There's only you. You and me. - Just tell me! - Police! - Please, save your soul. Confess. - I didn't do it. It was them.*** You have a mother... Are you all right in there? Open up! - Why?! - Because they won't let me... Through this holy unction may the Lord pardon you whatever sins or faults you have committed. {Wrong prayer father.} {Quickly father - sy the prayer.} {We love to hear it.} {You're so good.} {Your lady is gone.} {We dorve her out.} {pos(192,230)}I cast you out, unclean spirit {pos(192,230)}along with every Satanic power of the enemy... I cast you out, unclean spirit. Don't pray for me. Pray for the unbelievers. That's my daughter! Please stay. You have to be strong. Tell your mother where she can find you. Flowers. This can't be her. This has been sitting here for over... Over eight years. It's Satan. No, he used her form, - that's all. - How do we know? How do we trust anything? Satan cannot perform a moral act. He cannot repent. He cannot glorify God. How do these events glorify God. She's at peace. There were fourteen wounds on her body. So she chose death, rather than be raped. - Are we supposed to celebrate that? - She didn't choose death. She chose God. You still think it was Our Lady inside him? Both Maria and Mary worshipped her. I may be overreaching but... This was written by Cory in the language of Our Lady. How's the syntax? Perfect. I don't know what my faith means any more. Faith is nothing if it's untested. You have to take it out of the box and give it a spin once in a while. Sister, I understand. It was a shock to me too when I discovered what kind of a man he is. Well, now you understand. I know we can rely on you to help build our case. Before he causes the Church any more damage. - How's Michael today? - Back in his room. Is that to get away from your evil eye? When I turn up skinned or gassed or raped, we'll see who's laughing then. Well, you know where the door is. Whatever the priest tells you, God never forgives. Sin is forever. I served my time in prison. I went to a monastery. I grovelled before Maria Goretti's mother and the Pope and I still went to hell. The only time I was a man was when my knife went into her. I want it killed. So, anyone calls and I'll just say you're at an abortion clinic, helping out? Our clients are entitled to their privacy. Your clients are entitled to their bodies. Isn't that what you believe in? Women in charge of their own bodies? - I think they want to be born. - Go away! How can unborn souls be evil? It could be very dangerous for anybody threatening these pregnancies. Can't you see what he's doing? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 