The Miracle: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Miracle 
 s1e3 - Il Primo Dovere dei Vivi - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Miracle (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Il Primo Dovere dei Vivi - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 What will I do without you? My baby! No, my little baby! In this coffin... We have to go to the funeral too or else it looks like it's our fault. And if it's not his fault, whose is it? Idiot! Idiots! You gotta protect your brother, always! They throw stones at us! Thanks to him we're the town scum! Really, Mario? Aren't you ashamed to talk about your brother like that? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You can say what you like, but for me, it was him. Go away! Go away! - You animal! - Let go of me! - Let go of him. - He killed her! Take him home. How dare you come here? Go away! We're at the funeral of a saint here. - Right, Salvo? - That's right. It's pointless making a fuss, you get me? Thank you, Pasquale. Salvo... he's waiting for you. THE MIRACLE THE FIRST DUTY OF THE LIVING 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 DAY THREE Molocco, you know what I want to know, don't you? I want to know where that statue comes from, for how long it's been weeping blood. I want to know how long it was in that bunker, I want you to spit it out! Guard! Guard! Guard! Happy birthday to you Happy birthday to you Happy birthday to you Happy birthday, dear Daddy - She's stiffening up. - Yeah. How can I do it? Here. Did you see that? A fly... Thank you. Explain it to me, explain it to me better. I lost my strength, then I got this heat in my chest, in my knees... I had an illumination, everything was illuminated. I think I fainted. - The power of suggestion, perhaps? - No. You want to know if it's a miracle? I say it is. Are you certain? How do you know? I felt it, intensely. Anyway, we have to do more tests, it could be anything, a chemical reaction, there are new plastic materials... That produce human blood? Because that's human blood, isn't it? Yes. It's a miracle, testing and science can only confirm its divine nature. But aren't miracles only for those who don't have faith? Maybe that's why it came to us. You don't have faith? Faith isn't something that's given for once and for all, it's not a mark that you brand on your soul, it's something slippery that you have to tackle every day. I needed a sign, I prayed for this. But you didn't feel it? No. I'm sorry, Marcello, but I didn't feel anything. If you haven't felt it yet, you will. If it came to you, there must be a reason, if you took me there, it's because it was already in your heart. And what did the priest say? I get it, he's a priest... Hang on, I'll call you back. - Where is he? - Hello, Paolo. So, where's our Prime Minister? Yet another emergency? - He's on his way. - Don't dick me around, Marisa. He's convinced he can manage everything on his own. Can you believe that as Minister of the Interior, I'm informed of Molocco's death by the prison warden? Votta won't even take my calls. I don't see how I can help you. Aren't you worried? We're losing a point a day. If you find him, let him know that the rope is unraveling. And that if it breaks, we go down. So, we go down. Hello. You can see her later, Pina. What a pain in the ass, these old ladies. - I'm so sorry. - Thank you for coming. How long do you think she's been dead for? - Where were you when it happened? - At work. Twelve hours, more or less. I'm glad you called me. She looks peaceful. Her suffering's over after all these years. I want to show you something. What is it? A fly. Something amazing happened, this fly was clenched in my mother's fist, like this. You know, Mom hadn't moved a muscle in three years, she couldn't close her hands, they were like this. It must have been an involuntary contraction at the moment of passing. I see some weird stuff in the autopsy room... But why did you catch it? - Would you do an autopsy on her? - An autopsy? Why? What for? She can't have just died like that, suddenly, I wasn't here, but I'm sure something happened. Sandra, you've been a devoted daughter, you mustn't feel guilty because you weren't here when it happened. Clara knows everything you did for her. - I have to know how she died. - Pleurisy, her heart gave out... The causes of death could be many, given the state she was in. Yes, but I need to know which one. Please. This way. Over there, thank you. Watch out for the parquet. Wait, Mommy! What are you doing? Are you crazy? - I have to bury him. - But he's alive! Don't be silly. But if I bury him and say a prayer, he'll go to Heaven. I'd like to know who puts these ridiculous ideas in your head. I wanted to put him next to the crow, it's the zoo of the dead. - What are you talking about? - I can't tell you. I swore on Luciana's head. - What did you swear, to whom? - To Alma. Alma, let's keep calm... Now sit down here. What's this story about the crow? Idiot, tattletale! - You're an idiot, let go of me. - Easy. Stop it! Have we all gone mad here? Olga? Olga, what's happening with these two? What's this story about a crow? - We found a crow... - Stop whispering, I can't hear you! We found a dead crow and we buried it. Where? And you had my children bury this animal... on the terrace? Yes, madam. But why? Because they need to understand, taking care of the dead is the duty of the living. Get rid of this thing. We'll discuss it tomorrow, it doesn't end here. Children, let's go. No point you being here, I'll take care of it. - I'll call you when I'm done. - No, I'll wait here. Out. Hi. I need to talk to you. Come in. Sit down. I thought I'd report you, I'll say that you abuse me, that you raped me and that you're a pedophile. Go ahead, you have every right, I'm at fault and I ask for your forgiveness. No, wait. Give me 300 euros and I won't report you. No, no, you have to report me. Listen, let's do this, I'll give you a blow job and you give me 20 euros. Harder, harder. You like it like this. You always say that... Get out! You're not a priest, you're a junkie. You're just the same as me, you came out wrong. Here, go eat a pizza, you're too thin. - Off you go. - See? Seek and ye shall find. Off you go. See? Asia... God exists, I've seen the light. Wasn't there a little for me too? There'll be enough for everybody. Yes, sure... See ya. No, on the knob that selects the programs there's "Fast/38", whereas in the manual, it's not there. I know, but it's driving me nuts. I'm putting it on hold until the German manual has been rectified. Meanwhile, I'll translate the GPS tracker for dogs. All right, let me know. Goodbye. But this is the money from the mission. That's right. How come you've got it? Because there is no mission, it's all a load of bull, your son's scamming your friends. It's not true. Yes, it is, unfortunately. Look, there's no organization in your son's name. Your son is a scoundrel. He's a con man, he exploits people's good intentions. Clelia... why are you mad at him? But I'm not mad at him, I'm mad at you that you made him become a priest. He was a confused kid... you sent him away. He loved me and you locked him away in a seminary. - Leaving? - I'm heading to Calabria. I'm sorry about your mother, my condolences. Thank you. General? Have you found out anything about the provenance of the statue? Molocco's dead. What? He bit off his tongue and nobody noticed. Send the blood to Phoenix. Sorry. Have you seen the polls? - How much have we lost? - We're down 6 points. - Many say as much as 7. - That's enough, thank you. But don't worry, the TV and the press will announce it as 4 points. Anyway, Dromos' estimate is much worse. You need to talk to Di Giovanni, we can't afford to lose them... Breaking news: in Imonge, in the Alps, the alpine cableway has collapsed. The cabin was crowded with skiers and tourists, and it plunged, crashing into the valley below... I have to go there. Mistery still surrounds the cause of the cable snapping, the number of victims and missing is uncertain... - We'll leave after the interview. - All right. Prime Minister, let's get to the point: many important economists maintain that, leaving Europe and protecting our domestic product, Made in Italy could experience a new spring. What do you think? You know mammals are descended from reptiles? The first mammal was similar to a mouse, it survived by plundering the eggs of dinosaurs. From this first creature, all other mammals are descended, man himself. Even dolphins are descended from that mouse. The ancestors of dolphins were land animals, then it's as if they made a mistake, as if they didn't accept evolution, they went back to the sea losing their land attributes and recovered fins and shape. Dolphins are extraordinary creatures. I agree, sir, but the connection escapes me here. The Italian parable doesn't resemble the dolphins' at all, it's more like the sardine's which is devoured whole by dolphins. If the "Yes" vote wins, we'll suddenly be free from Europe and we'll be heading into dark seas. And in those abysses, now lost, we'll be devoured. Interest rates will skyrocket, business debt will surge and there'll be a liquidity crisis. Are we ready to face the abyss? Do we have enough air in our lungs to survive? Mercedes, everything okay? What's up with Kevin? He's been crying for two hours. Excuse me, but I'd like to focus on my prayer. Help me, Kevin's not well, I don't know what's wrong. The doctor says it's nothing, but he won't eat... Could you say a little prayer for him? Yes. Mother of God, you have this small child before You, heal his soul, heal his body. Protect him and alleviate his suffering, let Your will be done in him. Thank you, Father. Maybe now I can get him to eat. - He vomited on me. - I'm so sorry, Father Marcello. I'm so sorry. - Go to the bathroom. - Where is it? It's there. Prime Minister, we've arrived, we're starting our descent. - This way. - Thank you. What is it? The candle didn't light. Don't worry, it works just the same. - What a beautiful church. - Thank you, very kind of you. Excuse me, perhaps you've heard about a statuette of the Holy Virgin that weeps blood? Like the one in Civitavecchia? There's the one in Civitavecchia. Maybe there are other statuettes, niches, ex-votos? You bet! We have as many Holy Virgins as sinners. But what do you need? Goodbye, Father. And then there's this one here. Lovely. Are there any more? There's Our Lady of the Botesan, she's up on the mountain road. - And why do they call her that? - I have no idea. Shall we go? No, it's a long way and it's all uphill, I can't do it. All right, thank you anyway. Nothing, Sandra, absolutely nothing. So, what did she die from? From what so many old people die from, her heart stopped. But where's the car? You did an histologic examination of the internal organs? I did, but I don't get the results for three days and you know it. Listen, let's be clear about this, is there anything I need to know? - Did you find anything? - I told you there are no anomalies. - But it's strange... - It's not strange! - Yes, it is. - Your mother was ill for ten years! She had an irreversible condition, her system was debilitated. At a certain point, people get sick and die. - But my mother... - Do you ever engage with others? Or does only your mother exist? Can't you take this death as a liberation? She's stopped suffering and you can finally get your life back. Live your life, Sandra. - That trip, where'd you want to go? - Where we wanted to go. - To Nepal. - Now you can go, right? Fuck you! My mother's dead and you tell me to go away by myself? Don't you have any fucking feelings at all? I was at your house for two years, caring for your mother. And you went off with the first silly bitch. Okay, I get that you're upset today... Say it, I know you want to say it to me. You managed to consume all the love I had for you. And it was so much. Now I've lost the car, too, fuck it! Leave me alone. Hail Mary, full of grace, the Lord is with thee. Blessed art thou among women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb, Jesus... All good? Can I bring you anything else? A herb liqueur. The house brand. And for the gentlemen, too. - May I buy you a drink? - Thank you. - Sit here. - Be right there. - May I? - Please do. - You're not from around here... - No. You can hear it, right? And how come? On vacation, you know. - Do you like it here? - Yes, it's beautiful. All this nature is good for the soul. They told me that here, along the road, there's a statue of the Holy Virgin, what do they call her...? Our Lady of the Botesan. No, she's not there. Sure! There was even a miracle! No, but she's not there anymore, she disappeared. They even diddle the Holy Virgin... excuse me, huh. A toast. Where is he? Fabrizio! We nearly lost him. We lost you. Thank you. Good evening. How the hell was I supposed to know a cableway would fall down? Was I supposed to cancel? Anyway, if it wasn't a cableway, it was an erupting volcano... there's always something. - But today is your birthday... - Speak quietly! I can't stand surprises, I don't like them. All right, go to bed, I'll take care of it. I'll send everyone home and that will be that, but I'm telling you, I'm warning you, I'm dying, I'm dying in this house. Tonight I have to have fun, I need it. - I'm going out. - Wait, where are you going? What will you tell them? How can you? You can't. I'm sorry. You don't know what it was like up there... I saw the bodies. The cableway cabin... - The relatives looking at me... - I know. No, you don't know. But you can't let things tear you up like this, you don't sleep at night anymore, you're like a zombie. I understand your burdens, but you'll go mad. You don't know. Today's your birthday, have a Negroni. Father, help me. I am a sinner. I was a person of faith like you, an upstanding person, but now I'm lost. Satan lives in my flesh and toys with me. He corrupts me and won't leave me in peace. God has abandoned me, he gave me the light then he took it away. Can God inflict this infinite suffering on one of his creatures? If it's a test, I'm not strong enough. If you only knew the abominations... I am not capable of being full only of the word of God, this word... I don't understand it. Help me, father. But I keep asking myself why... why am I put through all this? I long for the faith, so I can accept without understanding. I only ask for one thing and I implore you tell me the truth. Is this Hell? Would you care for some mozzarella? It's from Battipaglia, it's very good. No, thanks. - Sorry about the music. - Not a problem. - I like music. - I wasn't expecting it. You like music, but not mozzarella. It's late. Good night, madam. Good night. You want your present? - Let's go in there, the kids... - No, let's do it here. See? This is "deadman's curve". Fuck, there've been so many accidents! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 