The Miracle: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Miracle 
 s1e6 - La Principessa delle Piscine - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Miracle (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - La Principessa delle Piscine - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Nicolino, tie up your shoelaces or you'll trip over! Later, Dad. I'm happy, Dad! It's beautiful. Come here! - What were you up to? - Get off me. - What were you up to? - Get off me. Get off me. Get off me. Nothing happened. Nothing happened, it's okay. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 THE MIRACLE THE PRINCESS OF SWIMMING POOLS You, come. Move it. Come on, move it! Men that way. Women with me, men over there. Hurry up, hurry up! Not there, come with me. Get in the red van, hurry up. Come on girls, get a wriggle on! Come on, get back to work! Move it! DAY SIX 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - The shakes, how's it going? - No problem, I can control it. I asked you to come so early to show you these. - What do you have to say? - It's all true. I've sinned a great deal and you were right to suspend me, I'm not worthy of the cloth I wear. I'm glad to hear you say that, Father. Can I ask you something? Who gave them to you? - That's not important. - It was Pietromarchi, wasn't it? Your Eminence, I swore to keep a secret, but I can't. - You've got to hear me out. - What secret? Your Eminence, I've seen a miracle. - Prime Minister Pietromarchi... - The premier... He showed me a statue of the Holy Virgin. Normal, made of plastic, this high... not very big. And it weeps human blood, fills barrels with it... It's a miracle of unimaginable proportions, it goes against all the laws of physics, it's a miracle! You don't believe me. I haven't explained it very well, but it's the truth. You don't know anything about it, because they're hiding it from you. They've frozen it, Pietromarchi told me. But they might be lying, maybe they want to destroy it, or maybe they already have. I'm glad you called me in, so we can take action right away. This is Father Oswald and Father Guillerm. They'll help you. Help me, how? I forgot something in the changing room. What, father? I'll be right back, something... Father? What time is it on? At 7:00. Are we sure she'll do it? Yes. The crew is arriving at 5:00 to set up. I still haven't been able to talk to her, have you? No, it's better not to. - Give her some space. - All right. - I'm going to Ricciardi's funeral. - Did you know him? Not very well, I met him once at an industrial confederation meeting. I vaguely remember him. I'll have them write a speech for you. Let's go. Carlo! Hi! Once I slapped you, wearing a ring, you were in the bathroom, you made me angry, I hit you, the stone flew out and landed in the toilet. It's normal, kids make you lose your temper and you hit them. Know what your grandfather used to say? Beat kids regularly because for sure they've done something wrong. Mom, the situation is slightly different, I don't know if you've seen what they say about me in Internet... I don't like the Internet. "If you hit kids you're sad and repressed. You need to get fucked by ten blacks, that'll fix you. #takeherkidsaway." This one is about you: "How the fuck were you brought up? Child beaters need to die." Stop it, it's all your fault. - I've always told you. - Don't say it... - People like us... - Us, who? - Let me speak! - I'm not saying anything. People like us, who have earned certain privileges in life, can't just squander them like this. You had everything, why marry a man so embroiled in everything? You've always been an idealist, like me. - Naive and idealistic. - Save it, Mom. You fell for a handsome revolutionary and you ended up with a politician. Can't you help me for once? You've always done what you wanted. I only asked you to take the kids to the country. You're not suited to this world, to this vulgarity. It's not a big ask, you're my mother... - Why didn't you divorce years ago? - You tell me. Because you're weak, you were scared to be on your own and, above all, to admit you'd made a mistake. Alma, say hello to Grandma. Hi, Grandma. Today, you're going to the country with Grandma, pack your things. - Is Daddy coming too? - Maybe, Daddy's very busy. - But I'll join you. - Are you doing the interview today? Yes. - What are you going to say? - I don't know yet. Today everyone was nice to me, the teacher brought me chocolates and everyone in the class clapped. Good. Now go. Ah, Olga came by, too. - What did she want? - I don't know, she spoke to Carlo. Carlo, is it true you saw Olga today? Yes. What did she say to you? Nothing, she hugged me and then she gave me a tattoo. - A tattoo? - Yeah, with a pen, look. Finish your snack and then go see Grandma. Then we'll clean it off. It might have been important. Will you at least tell me where we're going? Who are you two? I know you're not priests... Excuse me, I'm looking for someone, Olga Korlakova or Kuslakova, I don't remember. How did I go? - Good, but the sniping has begun. - What are they saying? Torrisi says you're washed up, that you've resorted to using dead people... How's it going there? Very well, they're setting up. Do we cancel? We're going live, I can hold them off, but in 20 minutes... What's going on? Well, Sole went out and no one knows where she is. What the fuck? Have you called her? Of course, but she's not picking up. - And Marino? - She went out by herself. Don't worry, we'll find her. - Oh, here she is! - She's here, I'll call you back. Good evening. Hello, I'm Laura Giannini. Okay, I got them to give me the questions. More or less, this is them. Do you want to look through them with Pierpaolo? I'm ready with makeup, there's a hairdresser in there, too. I don't need anything. How long do I have to get changed? A quarter of an hour, tops. I'm going to the restroom, wait for me here, don't move. You gotta pay me, you promised, I told Mom about Olga, like you said. This is really good, it's got milk in it. - Do you want this? - Yes. Aren't we going to pay for it? No. You do this: unwrap it quickly and throw away the paper, then you put the whole thing in your mouth. Good, huh? Can I take it off now? I'll do it later. Does it cost a lot or a little? A lot, that costs a lot. - Will Grandma get it for me? - No. - You want it? - You're going to steal it? Stealing's forbidden. So was eating the chocolate. It's easy, you do this. If the alarm goes off, don't stop, keep walking. Go. Here comes the kissing monster! Stop it! Here he comes again! Stop it. Give it back, it's mine! Give it back, it's mine! - You can't reach! - It's mine! Why did you do that? It was mine! I gave it to the princess of swimming pools. - Who's that? - She lives in covered pools. - But there's no one there. - Obviously. You can't see her during the daytime, she only comes out at night. - Why'd you give her my cube? - To play with. Come and play inside. All filmed in a mall by bystanders. The comments on social media have been very negative. Will you tell us what happened? The other day we went to a mall, Alma was misbehaving, I was very tired, stressed, and like all children she was testing my limits. I was wrong, but I didn't know I was being filmed and that it would go viral. It even ended up on English, French and Spanish news sites. I am a mother like you, I understand you, who hasn't lost their patience with their kids? But you, for better or for worse, are not just any mother, you're a symbol. I do not have to justify myself, if you've come here thinking that I would throw ashes on my head and ask the Italian people to forgive me, you're sorely mistaken. Do you feel like you're on trial? What else is this interview if not a live trial? You know perfectly well, they're all glued to their TV sets, no one cares what I'll say, they only want to see the hounded prey, they want to see me humiliated live on TV. But the truth is, maternal instinct is a construct, or rather, it's not innate in all women. I didn't have it and I had to learn it. It seems I haven't been very successful. That girl's waiting for you. Who, that one? If being the first lady and being watched on prime time is to serve any purpose, then I'd like to say this to the women watching: they mustn't feel ashamed or guilty, like I did. Like you, I love my kids to distraction, even though I'm not the mother I would like to have been and my kids know it. I fall short of what the world expects from me, but why is that such a bad thing? As women, we are pressured to be or not to be something, to be mothers, to speak gracefully, not to be too arrogant, too fat, too thin... I admire those who stand up for what they believe in, who take risks, seeking something for themselves, for others, whereas I have a horror of cowards who hurl insults protected by the four walls of their rooms. It's easy to have an axe to grind without needing to engage personally. I imagine you don't spend much time on social media... Not out of snobbery, but out of fear. I'm scared of nearly everything, even of going into a room full of strangers, let alone Facebook. And yet you don't come across as a fearful woman, we all know your past as a rally driver. Only stupid drivers aren't scared. You can be scared but not be a coward, rally driving taught me that. When you're in a racing car doing 200km an hour, it's just you and your fear. The end could be behind every bend, but if you let yourself feel the road instead of looking at it, then you can survive. Well, thank you, Sole Pietromarchi... Wait, there's just one person I'd like to make a public apology to and I know he's watching. I know how tirelessly you're working, I know that you don't sleep at night. I'm sorry that my behavior has become a pretext for attacking your credibility. You are a just man and you courageously do what's best for this country. Please, forgive me, Fabrizio, as a wife, as a citizen and as your number-one voter. You know that I owe everything to you. Make it two. - You're not from round here... - No. Brussels? Italy. An Italian! Now we're in trouble! Totti, champion... My brother... five years... Milan... Italy... Beautiful women. You... beautiful woman. Monica Bellucci. I wish. To beautiful Italian women. Cheers. Want to dance? No, I don't dance. Come on, let's dance. Let's go, come on. Come on. Let's go, I'll show you my house. - I'm fine here. - You're fine here? It's better at my place. What a bitch. Get out! - Enough. - Get out! Come on, let it go. It went well! Have you seen the tweets? There were 5,000 as soon as it was over and they're still coming in. She was a huge hit. Thank you, Laura... - Sorry... - Oh, my God! They told me I could use this bathroom. Sorry again and good night. No, wait. Don't go. Are you mad at me? No. Wait, I've got something for you. Come on, sing! Come on, sing along! Sing, come on. Sing, do it. That's it... good. Hotel Capital, okay? Darling, you were amazing. And I'm not just saying that, you were effective, convincing... I'm sorry I went off on you, forgive me. Then, the things you said... I was so moved. We've got to try and be happy again. We'll talk about it when I get there. I'm on my way home. This isn't my hotel. Come on, let's go to my place, then I'll take you to your hotel, I promise. I want to go there now. Come with me. Come on, come. Enough, now take me to my hotel. - Come on... - I'm serious. Really, I'm tired. - You're tired? - Yes. Come on... A nightcap. On the house. To love. To love. - Take me to my hotel. - No, stay for a while. Let go of me! Piece of shit! Let go of me! Evening. Carlo! Grandma! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 