The Miracle: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Miracle 
 s1e5 - La Fiamma Pilota - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Miracle (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - La Fiamma Pilota - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Where are Nicolino's clean T-shirts? Where the laundry is. - Are you leaving? - Yes. We're leaving. You said that yesterday too. I know, but I can't take it. You'll make it because you're strong. You're the father of this family and you have to protect this family. What if I don't succeed? Better one than five. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Dad? - Isn't Mommy coming? - No. And not even Mirco and Gennaro? No, it's just you and me, are you happy? - Heaps. - Knock it off, Nicolino. Come on, calm down. Where do we want to go? Let's go where the penguins are. Where the penguins are? To the zoo? No, where it's white, where the hares are. - There are no penguins there. - Yes. Where it's all white. Where it's all white is far away, to the North Pole? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Where the water falls like this... - Where? - Where the water falls like this... - To the waterfall? - Yes. You want to go to the waterfall? THE MIRACLE THE PILOT FLAME DAY FIVE Now you talk to me. Sole, I'm really tired. Fine, then let's talk about how tired you are. How are you? Are you very tired? They've got in for the premier with the child-bashing wife? - Stop it. - Poor thing. It's a big deal, you're on all the news programs. I won't discuss the reasons, but you're doing the Giannini interview. Absolutely no way. Oh, yes you will, you'll say you're deeply sorry. Pierpaolo will write you a... Pierpaolo will write you a text, you'll learn it off by heart and for once you'll do what I tell you to. I want you to apologize in front of all Italy. And if you don't feel like it, tough shit. Act, it's what you do best. - Why should I? - Are you kidding me? Step out of yourself, look around, we're on the brink here. This video is the last straw, it'll lose us the referendum. They don't vote for Europe, they vote for me and you are me! Whether you like it or not. No. I am not you, I'm a hundred times better than you. What did you used to say? "You're the best part of me." First you used me, you took everything you needed... Stop it. Then, when I told you it was over, you wouldn't let me go. You wanted a first lady in the photos. After all, I'm rich, a stupid bitch who speaks other languages, together we make a beautiful image. You always come out with this bullshit that you went into politics because you care about others, since when? You've always done it for yourself, you're a conceited social climber. You became Prime Minister to cancel out your parents' shitty house where you kept the parmesan hidden for the Sunday guests. Everything you do, my darling, is to free yourself from the feeling that you don't count for shit. But you'll never be free of that feeling, it's in your blood. And I'm still here only because you begged me to stay at your side and act out this farce. I despise you, Fabrizio. - Fuck you! - At last, Fabrizio! Hit me, go on! I hit the kids and you hit me... - Fuck you! - We're a nice happy family... Fuck you! Shut up! You want a divorce? Let's get divorced, bitch! Hopefully you do it to hurt me and not because you're a depressive alcoholic. You act like a slut at all the parties. Even with that buffoon, that singer... what's his name, Serge? What is it? You thought I didn't know? Sole, all quiet now? You need to get help, you know? Because you're a depressive, like your bitch of a mother was. - Listen to me... - That'll do. I'll do the interview. - Really? - Yes. But I'll say what I want. Perfect. Children, to bed! Now! You get out of here, I don't want to see you ever again. Pack your things and quietly, like you always are, get the fuck out. General? Antonio. We've reached the right temperature, we're ready to freeze it. - Do you want to come? - Yes, I'll be right there. PIETROMARCHI MEETS HEADS OF THE BANK OF ITALY - Good morning, General. - Good morning, Prime Minister. We've frozen the statue, you were right, it's stopped weeping. - You've really frozen it? - You said to do it, Prime Minister. Hello? Yes. Good job, keep it like that, at least we can stop the blood. - But until when? - I don't know. Votta, I'll call you. Fabrizio? It's late. Follow him. General. Complete today's tests, finish up your work and go home. General? May I ask you something? Of course. It was foreseeable the blood would freeze, it's just like ours, but we still have to research the DNA, analyze the mapping... Do you want to do it? You are a researcher of the force, not a scientist. - Yes, but we have a face... - Enough. Our job ends here, Roversi. Others with more expertise than us will complete it. - General... - That's an order! MISEFARI: CAMPER VAN WITH 6 PEOPLE RUNS OFF ROAD FAMILY UNHURT AFTER A FLIGHT OF 6 METERS EMERGENCY SERVICES SPEAK OF TRUE MIRACLE THE BISHOP INAUGURATES A SHRINE TO COMMEMORATE CAMPER VAN MIRACLE OUR LADY OF BURBANO THE HOLY VIRGIN HAS COME DIRECTLY FROM BURBANO BROUGHT BY THE BOTESAN FAMILY Fabrizio? Did I fall asleep? Do you want a coffee? No, thank you. Which one do you prefer? Either Samantha Cristoforetti or Rita Levi Montalcini for the 5,000 lire. For the 10,000 lire we were thinking of a classic: Giordano Bruno. Who, the one they burned at the stake? - But wouldn't the Church...? - Are you jerking me around? Unfortunately not, after the referendum we need to be ready. It will be very time-consuming, we'll have to re-open the mint. You know that better than us, you're the one who got us into this shit fight. You said the referendum would be a walk in the park, instead it's turned into an apocalypse. We've gone from being certain we'll stay in Europe to being certain of our downfall in a few months. Look. Who is it? Giampiero Ricciardi, he was a very dear friend of mine. A third-generation industrialist, he shot himself this morning at 7:23. It'll be all over the news soon. He was so terrified he didn't even wait for the election results. Perhaps the scope of what is about to happen escapes you. Alfonso, don't treat me like a child. What can I do if we live in a country with suicidal tendencies? There's something masochistic that drives Italians always to make the wrong choice. - They can't see past... - You won't let them see. To be a leader means having the ability to guide the people, it means shifting people from their suicidal tendencies to wellbeing. - I'm trying. - Oh, really? Your wife is trending on social media hitting your daughter... Sole will give an interview where she apologizes. And Di Giovanni's declaration from this morning? - Di Giovanni, what? - They don't even brief him anymore. Di Giovanni gave his team a free vote an hour ago, you're increasingly isolated. Can't you see, you have to sell your ass, if necessary? It will only take a few winning moves to turn the situation around. - People are still undecided, fuck! - Don't get worked up, your heart. Find an idea, one would be enough. Well? Why didn't you tell me about Di Giovanni? You were asleep. I was asleep? - Franco, let's go. - When we get word from the escort. How did it go? Dandy, they skinned me alive. They want an idea, as if I were a fucking copywriter. There is an idea. And what is it? Throw the bomb and let things fall as they may. You say that because you haven't seen it. You don't know what you're talking about. Why didn't you want to see it? Blood freaks me out. I'm an impressionable soul, you know that. Prime Minister, we're ready. Fabrizio! Please, don't leave, little Olga. - If you love me, you'll stay. - Sweetheart... But I'll love you even if I go away. At least come and visit me at school, Mommy's not there. - It's your fault that she's leaving! - It's not her fault. I have to go, I have other things to do. - Goodbye, Olga. - Goodbye. Coming! Does Mirco Botesan live here? I bet you're Claudio. - Sure. - Come on in, Claudio. What the...? - Who's this? - Claudio. No way this is Claudio, this guy's 60. He said his name's Claudio, maybe he wants some anyway. Do you want some anyway? Is it good for sinusitis? Can you feel how it's working in your sinuses, right? And how's your grandpa? You knew my grandpa? But that story he tells about the trip to Misefari, the accident in the camper, is it true? You bet. We went flying... - Misefari, in Morocco. - No, in Calabria. He had this big camper, one day he took a curve badly and we all ended up in a ravine. Grandpa was convinced that it was a miracle. Right there on the road, he had them build... - A shrine. - No, not a shrine. A thing to put the Holy Virgin on. But then, the Holy Virgin, where did he get it? Dunno... At the sanctuary at Burbano, I think. Grandpa was devout. I hope to be back next week at the latest, it's an emergency here, I can't get away. The general has left, I'm in charge until he gets back. I don't think so. I'm sorry, baby, I'll have to call you back. It's my grandmother. We'll finish the rosary and then we'll go. - Your grandmother? - She's not well, come on. Madam? What the fuck! Madam, you can't stay here. - Fucking hell! - We're going. Get out of here, now! What the fuck! Hi. Good afternoon. This is private property. Is this the sanctuary of Our Lady of Burbano? Yes. I'd like to see the Holy Virgin. It's at the top of the mountain. The path isn't very clean, I'd take you up, but... This is the guide with the story of the Holy Virgin and the island's volcanic origin. Listen, this Holy Virgin has performed thousands of miracles. They used to come from all over the world to see her, now nobody comes anymore. How come? The climbs... Lourdes has easier climbs. Now no one wants to climb anymore. - But it's in lire! - It's been many years. Look at the postcards. And these? They're perfect reproductions, we used to sell a lot. - But who makes them? - The Chinese, exactly the same. They're blessed one by one. The late Frate Lorenzo used to bless them. Beautiful! Let's do this, guide plus Holy Virgin, I can do it for 30 euros and that's the end of it, fair enough? Fair enough. Hello? Yes. All right, yes. Yes, all right, got it. I'll be there as soon as I can. Sandra, come take a look. I don't remember his name, the guy with the semi-famous mother and the father no one cared about... - Know who I mean? - Cut it out, I'm not in the mood. - Let me have some fun, I'm over it. - Take this stuff off right now. All right. Listen... - If we find the guy he resembles? - How? We use facial recognition software, on the internet and social media. But this is a 3D image derived from the DNA profile. But it's like an identikit, better, actually. If it works with an identikit why wouldn't it work with this? Yeah, actually... Come on. - I don't know if it'll work. - Sure, it'll work. Good night, thank you. Come, look who's come to see us. Father Marcello. He had an accident, look at the state he's in, poor thing. - I'm sorry. - Hi, Fabrizio. Good evening, Father. How about a drink? I have an excellent grappa from Piedmont. Yeah, that's a good idea. You disgusting animal, why are you here? Thief, liar, lecher! - You're unfit to wear the cloth. - There's no doubt about that. I trusted you and you betrayed me. You and your third-rate theological ramblings... - The miracles... - Yes, but facts are facts. - You know fuck all about the facts. - Here I am. Thank you. Let's go get some air, Father. And anyway, you don't know anything about that statuette. We've done more tests, we've discovered the trick. - That's not true. - Yes, it is. And what would the trick be? - I'm not obliged to tell you. - I'm not buying it. You called me to talk about a sideshow trick? I saw you when you asked me the meaning of miracles, I saw the fear in your eyes. I'm sorry for you, but there's no miracle. You're pathetic, you don't even know how to tell a lie. I ask myself how you can be the Prime Minister. - If you can be a priest... - Stop lying. I can help you. Exactly like you, I saw it, I felt the miracle, heard the voice of God. Who says it was God? If He talked to you, who are so corrupt, so steeped in evil, who says it wasn't the Devil? I know Hell, I can tell you about Hell, about suffering, about the flames that engulf you. I came out of the flames for you, to tell you what God wants from you. You mustn't be afraid, whatever happens it is God's plan. Free her from the pool, she doesn't belong to you, show her and faith will reign in the world again. If she has come to you now, at this time, it's because you have a duty to carry out. Stop ranting, you're sick, you need treatment. - Give her back to the world. - We've frozen her! She's not weeping anymore, end of miracle. What have you done? We've frozen her. A tremendous punishment will fall on your head! - It will enter your flesh! - Shut up. - It will take over your spirit... - Shut up, shut up! It will have no pity on your family. I don't want to see your face again, if I do, I'll destroy you! I swear I will! Get out! Go! Get out! Guys, I'm going. - What are you doing? - We're going too. Will we see each other this weekend? Want to come over for a barbecue? Going to be good weather. Guido, aren't you happy not to see us for a while? - We've been stuck here for a week. - You're right. We'll talk... - Let's stay in touch. - Bye, Guido. Bye. Try to select this one. 89%, he's not identical. But if you change the eyebrows and give him different hair... Eyebrows. Hair. And who is it, Amin Tarek? 96%. This software's kid stuff. Let's get out of here. I'm over it. Thank you. I won't say anything, but do you realize what you did? I know. But I took Grandma to Lourdes. You don't know how many people there are in need, who are suffering. If they knew about a thing like this, a Holy Virgin weeping blood, it would change their lives. What's the point of being here? We're on duty. - Yes? - Good evening, my name's Votta. - I've come to see the director. - She's in her office. We're talking about damages amounting to 6,000 euros, more or less. Wow, what did they do? They set fire to the exhaust hood, they burned out the whole extractor system. The walls are all black, we'll have to completely repaint them, not to mention pans, stoves... Then we'll have to find the culprit. They're all guilty, they came out of their rooms at midnight, slipped past security and went into the kitchen. We also found a bottle of champagne, that got in who knows how! I invite you not to seek out guilty parties and share equally. - I'm not coughing up a penny. - All right... I'll pay what there is to be paid. Now if you don't mind, I'd like to talk to her. Mom? It was a midnight spaghetti party, but we couldn't control the flames, they were really high. In a split second... everything caught fire, the time it took to drink a toast. I see, but what were you doing there at that hour? Celebrating my engagement. I've fallen in love. His name's Pablo, he's half Argentinean, he's three years younger than me. So, he's 83? Yes, but he doesn't show it. He's a plumber, it's serious. At first, as you know, I didn't want to come to this place. I know, I'm sorry, but I... No, son, now I have to thank you, because I've found love here. I loved your father a great deal, but not like Pablo. When I see him, I get butterflies in my stomach and I go all red. You know what Pablo said the first time we kissed? That in our hearts we have a pilot light, like in a boiler, but it needs someone to stoke it and if you find them, the flame flares up and heats you all over. Aren't you happy for me? Yes. He proposed to me and I said yes, but I told him he has to ask you for my hand. Yes, of course. Mom! Son. - What's that? - What? Look. Isn't it lovely? A statue of a Holy Virgin. - Do you like it? - Yes, it's beautiful. Do you want it? I'll give it to you, it's blessed, you know? You keep it, Giacomo, you need it more than I do. Yes? The priest, I don't want to see him anymore. Of course. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 