The Miracle: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Miracle 
 s1e4 - La Sostanza Nera - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Miracle (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - La Sostanza Nera - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Here I am. - Here I am. - Shut up! Stand up. It wasn't Nicolino, he's a good boy, you know him. He loved Beatrice like a sister, Nicolino doesn't understand anything about certain things. He's like a son to you. I know, Salvo, I know. Thank you. You understand everything. You can't say that we didn't love you. I remember as if it were yesterday the day they brought you here. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Tiny, in the cradle, nobody's child. And my sainted mother took you in like you were her own son. The whole town wanted you, Salvo, all of us. I was like a brother to you, I gave you everything... I know and I'm grateful for all of that. So now you gotta do something for me. What is it? Do you love me, man? Of course, I love you. Then if you love me, you must feel what I feel. You and me are brothers, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 we've shared everything: pain, happiness... we have to share this too. You have to kill your son. THE MIRACLE THE BLACK SUBSTANCE DAY FOUR - Good morning, General. - Good morning, Matteo. I have a pig in my head... What are you doing here? What am I doing here? Ah, yeah... Turn that alarm off! God... Will you get me some headache pills, please? God, I need to get some sleep. Can you tell Olga to tell the kids to keep it down? By the way, last night I didn't want to tell you, but you have to do something about that nutcase. What nutcase? The Pole, Olga. She had your children bury a dead crow under the olive tree on the terrace. - What did she have to say? - She had them kneel down and pray. Then she said with that annoying mousey voice that it is the duty of the living to take care of the dead. God... Well, she's not completely wrong. They buried a crow. It's good for the kids to make contact with the spiritual dimension. I don't think this girl is doing anything wrong, she's simply religious. - She's a believer and you're not. - And you? No, I'm not. Anyway, she doesn't talk about the parables of the gospel, she has black drapes covering her mirror, she whispers, she avoids me, she prays all night... I don't want her in my home. You don't give a shit, but I do, she's changing the children, Alma only listens to her. Now I get it. Last night you wanted to fuck in the kitchen so she'd hear you. Are you insane? What a horrible opinion you have of me. Anyway, we don't know anything about her. The staff vetted her and we can't send her away. You can't fire someone for religious reasons. If it came out I'd be flayed alive. Good morning, Marisa. Let her flay the kids then, that's fine. Yes. Remember this afternoon you have to go to the dyslexia marathon. What a blast. Gambling, two-bit scams, exploitation of prostitution. - Does he still celebrate Mass? - When he remembers. Sounds crazy, but he's very highly regarded. His parish is run by Amidu Bara, a priest from Burkina Faso. I downloaded some videos from the bar where he plays the slots. - Where is he now? - This is a good part. - Last night he was beaten to a pulp. - As well? - Who was it? - Local hoods, gambling debts. They took him to the hospital. What was the Prime Minister thinking? - He was thoughtless... - Antonio, don't you dare. Sorry, General. Take this to the lab. I want them to compare the Virgin's blood and moss on the statue. There are some delicious things from Calabria, tell Rocco to make a nice pasta tonight. Sorry, I just gotta mop in here. I won't be a moment. Moped accident, right? Are you taking these? My husband took them too. They thought he had Parkinson's and they treated him for that, then they discovered he had Ratkin's disease. That's what I take them for. - Nothing happens with you? - Why? I heard they had to take them off the market because of the side effects. Which are? But are you sure it's him? How is it possible? - With whores, too? - He's a priest... I've known him for years, he was an extraordinary man. I really fucked up. I can't believe it. General, what do we do now? I don't think he'll talk, he promised me, but under the circumstances, I can't trust him anymore. A guy like that's got no credibility, if he spoke no one would believe him. Yes, but we've got to make sure that doesn't happen. Yeah... Pardon? - Where is he? - He left. They beat him up, he has two broken ribs, he can't have left. He forgot his medication... Sex addiction, gambling addiction, fits of rage, loss of control of the primary emotions, hallucinations.... Some patients have sued the pharmaceutical company for damages because these effects were never cited. So these behaviors stem from the medication? Yes, they're the side effects. And if someone stopped taking it? The symptoms of the disease return, a neurological decline which in a short span of time would produce even stronger tremors, memory loss, loss of balance, a more serious form of dementia, speech difficulty, incontinence. Without the meds, life expectancy is drastically reduced. How long? I'll follow you. Yes? What is it, Olga? I've taken the children to school, may I go out? - Where are you off to? - To do my exercises. You go to the gym? Spiritual exercises. You pray... Show me how you pray. Show me how you pray. - If that's how you have fun... - Having fun is not a priority. Quite right, your priority is to tidy up Alma's closet, then you can go and do your spiritual exercises. Very well, madam. - What is it? - Will there be anything else? No. Listen, Sandra, you know that painting with the cows you have in the living room over the sofa? Clara told me she was leaving it to me. She gave it to me. I didn't know. Strange, it was my grandfather's... Oh, God! I'm sorry, I was distracted for a moment. Anyway there's no damage, the coffin didn't even move. - Let's do the report now. - What? But you braked suddenly. Don't worry, I'll take care of it. Couldn't we do it later? We're here anyway. It's not like we're going to run away, we're here. Nothing... I need to go, a work thing, it's urgent. - What? - If I don't go it's a disaster. What, you're leaving? - Please, take care of it. - What? Do it for me. Thank you. Oh, God, I don't believe it... There she is. Get ready, Marino. Go, follow her. No, you can't stop at the light, fuck it! No, madam, what are you doing? - Move over, I'll drive. - But madam... I'm an ex-champion rally driver, shove over. Go. - Have we got a siren? - No, madam. That sucks! There she is. You think I don't see you, but I watch you. In a week you've done two interviews and you've even started to write about the critical issues of Europe. Frankly, I didn't understand what you said. I'm glad you read me given that you avoid me. You look like a frog ready to take the plunge. Dolphins, now frogs...what's this sudden passion for animals? - Walk with me. - Okay. Don't think that if you get off the train now, Torrisi will get you. Torrisi was way smarter than you, she jumped ship while there was still time. Your time's up, my friend. If I lose, which is certain, you needn't worry, because I'm going down, but I'm taking you and your whole merry band down with me. There won't be any winners and losers, everyone's going down. You think you're the only one in here with principles. You know why you piss everyone off? I'll explain. It's because you always feel superior, people feel that you're not one of them. What the fuck are you doing? What was all that about dolphins? Do you think you'll reach Italians like that? Like that you only confuse them. You're not loved, Fabrizio, get used to it. OUT OF LOVE You have to accept it, it's over. You're always talking about principles, but then you fight a lost war purely out of narcissism. My wife's always harping on about my narcissism... So, you think that when we do something good for others, it's out of vanity? Maybe you're right, but I'm going all in and I'm going ahead, with or without you. You know why they're called "principles"? - No. - Because they come first. And what comes after doesn't count for anything. Just like you. Fabrizio? I've got the proof. This Holy Virgin is a cascade of miracles. She changed my life, she'll save mankind, she'll redeem everyone. We need to talk, we need to discuss what to do with the statue. Fabrizio? Call me, please. Read it! - Come on, read it! - Yes, yes. Brown eyes, Caucasian, dark-brown hair... curly... He had curly hair. - Genetic diseases? - No. - Nothing? - No. Have they mapped the entire genome? Hold on a moment, this... - What is it? - An attachment. For 99 dollars they'll show us the phenotype. Would that be the face? Shall we download it? It costs fuck all, 99 dollars. Are you crazy? We have to ask Votta. - You think so? - Sure, don't take any initiatives! Good morning. Good morning. - Is this your first time? - Yes. Are you interested in chanting? I don't know... What do you do in here, exactly? Now Camilla will explain what it's all about. Can you give the lady some information about the chanting? No need, I'll go for a wander by myself. Come, I'll show you around. I'm Camilla, what's your name? Carmela, but you can call me Mela. Mela... So, this is where we gather to prepare to chant. We free our minds, we let go of the daily burdens, and when we're ready, we go into the sphere. And what happens in there? - Can I take a look? - No, you're not ready to go in yet. You'll have a mentor to guide you, he'll tell you when you're ready to chant. To chant? In 1917, in Montenegro, an Adventist monk, Nikola Pastovic, began chanting a hymn to the grace of Our Lord and he didn't stop until he died. A community sprang up around him, small at first, but then it gradually grew and the chant was spread throughout the world and this is the Roman branch. Since then, the chant has continued, it can't be interrupted. People take turns to keep it alive. And what's it for? We're invoking the Second Coming, there's a great need for it. Not just that, it's a chant of redemption, that puts you in communion with the Most High, it's a chant that cures people who are suffering. The body becomes a soundbox that makes the voice of the Most High resonate in the dome. It's a transformative experience, you must try it. Wednesdays at 7:00pm we have introductory sessions for beginners. Yes, thank you. It's very interesting, I'll definitely come. - It's all free. - It's not a question of money. People who come once can't stop coming. I've suffered a great deal and I can't do without it, it cured me, it freed me. Right. Goodbye, thank you. Mela? If you came this far, there must be a reason. And we'll be expecting you, the sphere is expecting you. Oh, God. Alma, darling! Carlo! Surprise! Today no Olga, I'm here, we'll go to the mall. General? - Yes? - Can I speak to you for a moment? You're telling me that now we can see the face the blood belongs to? Just like that, no big deal, like you would with a murder suspect? Yes, it came as an attachment. Shall we download it? But you mentioned DNA mapping, nothing about a face. They seem to be two very different things. It's the first step in solving the mystery. There, mystery... that's the word. - It's not up to us to solve it. - It's not? Who is it up to? To the Prime Minister. Excuse me, is that a blast chiller? No, that's a chest freezer. There's only one model of blast chiller left, it's down there. Thank you, very kind. Oh, my God, aren't you Sole Pietromarchi? Can we get a photo together? I'd rather not, if that's all right with you. - I'll take you to the freezers. - Thank you. They cost a fortune, but they're exceptional machines. Listen, I didn't vote for your husband, but you can tell that he's a good person, after all those... And he's right about Europe, this business about the lira scares me. If I think of Argentina... D'you know they knocked back my father's carer's allowance? We need that money like you wouldn't believe, my father has the minimum pension, he needs a carer 24/7. - I'm so sorry. - You couldn't just...? - I can manage on my own. - Could you give me a hand? I'm in no position to be able to help you. Write down his name: D'Agostino Augusto. Can't you just make a call? What call? I really can't help you. It's not appropriate you stopping me while I'm running errands. We're at our wit's end, is that appropriate? I didn't say that. I bet if you had the same problem, being appropriate wouldn't count. - But what problems do you have? - Pardon me? You're all the same. The blast freezer's there... Blast yourself, bitch! People have all gone crazy. Unbelievable... HERE'S THE BLASTER FREEZER. SHOULD WE GET IT? DO WHAT YOU WANT. WHAT ARE YOU DOING THERE? Alma? Carlo? Good evening. - How are you? - Fine. Go ahead. Yes... this woman's name is Sarah Collins, they took a blood sample from her. From a white blood cell of Sarah's they extracted DNA contained in the chromosomes. Go on. As you know, Prime Minister, DNA contains the code for life, there's all the information necessary to create a living being: race, sex, color of the hair, of the eyes... And the point is? I'm in a bit of a hurry. When you test a DNA sample like Sarah's, a mathematical model predicts the appearance of the person whose DNA we have mapped. This, Prime Minister, is the face obtained from the DNA extracted from Sarah's blood. That is to say, they got this face from just the blood... Just from the blood. They resemble each other. - But not exactly. - Let's say 80%. 20% isn't written in the DNA, it's environmentally determined. How fat someone is, how much they've been marked by life, even moles are determined by the environment one lives in. Wait, don't tell me... Have you done it with the blood from the statue? Yes, Prime Minister. So now you have the face of the owner of the blood? Yes. Let's see it. We need a credit card, the service costs 99 dollars. Are you saying that if I pay 99 dollars I can see the face of the Holy Virgin? No, if you pay 99 dollars, you get to see whose the blood the statue is secreting. Are you sure, Prime Minister? Why? It's like a shroud, but it's real. But why take it for granted that Jesus Christ is behind that face? - No, but... - What, General? Are the three of us in here, unbeknownst to anybody, ready to reveal such a great mystery? Is it right? Yes. I want to see it. Me too. Here. Alma! Carlo! Alma! Bloody hell! Where were you? You scared me! Oh, my God! I got this for Olga, because you said she doesn't shave. Don't be silly! If she wants to be hairy, let her! Let's go, I've had enough of this place. - Where's Carlo? - I don't know. You don't know? Where is he? Excuse me, excuse me. Excuse me! - Have you seen a little boy...? - Mommy! Oh, God! How did you end up in here? I was only playing. You have to stay with Mommy! Wait, Alma. What do you want? Tell me! Let's buy it for Olga, we'll make her turn normal. Enough about Olga! And you need to stay with your brother because he's little. You can't leave him alone, ever! Something bad could have happened to him. You're the one who doesn't look after him. You don't care about anything, you don't care about us! I'm sorry, sweetheart. Forgive me, I lost my patience. Calm down, sweetheart. Clelia... - What are you doing? Give it to me. - I can't. His Eminence, Archbishop Bozzi, has suspended you. They heard about your life... They had photos, a whole file. And who's this? Who's this? Is he alive? Or did he die on a cross about 2,000 years ago? This is it? Thank you. In the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit. Let he who is with the Holy Spirit follow me. Here are the results of the blood traces from the stone you gave us. The sample was minimal, but... - But? - It's the same, it matches. Even the moss and the spores are compatible with those on the statue. They must have taken her away as soon as she began to weep, there was very little blood on the base. So you discovered where it came from, General? - Marcello? - Hi, Clelia. What are you doing with the cross? You've got broken ribs, you can't carry anything heavy. All good, I took a painkiller. Don't worry, it's not as heavy as it looks. I brought these, you forgot them at the hospital. No, I don't need them anymore. Marcello... you're sick. If you stop taking these pills, you'll become a vegetable... Clelia, if the Lord wants this calvary for me, I accept it. But why would God want something like that? You can't imagine how much I've suffered, I was in the grips of Evil and now I'm free. I have seen the light and I have realized I have a mission. All right, come with me. Clelia, why are you being so clingy? I'm coming! - Wait a minute. - Yes. A minute. A minute! Here, I sewed it up for you. Will you wear it? - Promise me? - Yes. - At this point we should alert... - Who? The military? The international authorities? Who? I was hoping these tests would give us more answers, but is that face an answer? He could be anyone, he could be alive, dead, on another planet, anybody... And the statue keeps weeping blood. And that's another problem. We have to figure out how to store all that blood. I thought maybe a tank truck. And then we pour it all into the sea? - Or we could donate the blood. - I don't know. But it's a problem. And then I'm worried about the guys, they can't go on like this, they're troubled, confused. Some have started to pray. Excuse me. Hello, Marisa? You called like 200 times, what's happened? Have you seen the video of Sole? - No, I haven't seen it. - Just as well. - What has she done this time? - She slapped Alma at the mall. Wait. It's already on line? Yes, it's gone viral. - Viral, how many hits? - A lot. Fucking hell! But wasn't she supposed to be at that fucking meeting for dyslexia? Her and that damn blast freezer! Everything all right, Prime Minister? Have you tried freezing it? Freezing it? Yes. - The statue? - Try it. Let's go. Fabrizio? I have proof. This Holy Virgin is powerful, she's a cascade of miracles. She changed my life, she'll save mankind, should redeem everyone. We need to talk, we need to discuss what to do with the statue. Fabrizio... Call me, please. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 