Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown: Season 6, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown 
 s6e2 - Marseille, France - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown (2013–2018): Season 6, Episode 2 - Marseille, France - full transcript 
 Bourdain and travel companion chef Eric Ripert (Le Bernardin) visit France's oldest city to experience its stew of cultures and cuisines and eat as much Corsican cheeses as they can handle. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I need A French coach. ♪ I took a walk through this beautiful world ♪ ♪ Felt the cool rain on my shoulder ♪ ♪ Found something good in this beautiful world ♪ ♪ I felt the rain getting colder ♪ ♪ Sha la la la la ♪ ♪ Sha la la la la la ♪ ♪ Sha la la la la ♪ ♪ Sha la la la la la la ♪ ♪ If you've been to France, chances are you haven't been here. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 France's second largest city, the oldest city in France. It sits right by the Mediterranean. The food is famously good. Yet, it's a victim of bad reputation, bad history. Marseille. As it turns out, exactly the kind of place I like. But this is a buddy picture, isn't it? Eric Ripert is the chef of the three-star La Bernadin in - New York. The Chevalier of France. I think that means he's some kind of knight or something. And my friend. This causes him some problems. He, I like to remind him, has a reputation to protect. I do not. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Welcome to Marseille. - Yeah. You've never been here? Never. How is this even possible? You grew up how far from here? Like, 50 miles. 100 miles. You grew up 100 miles from here? What prevented you from coming to this clearly beautiful city? Because it's clearly beautiful. It's a fantastic city. I mean, it's beautiful. I agree with you. But it has the reputation of being a dangerous city. You live in New York. I should point out that every single Frenchmen, when I said, you know, I'm shooting in France. And they say, oh really, where? And I say, Marseille. Their face drops immediately, like, oh. Why's that? Because they think it's ugly? Do you know what they say? They say this is not France. With a "Z" like that? This is not France. Well, I'm looking forward to the week. Yeah. This is a low-impact show. What is a low-impact show? It means I'm not, you know, paddling upriver. It means I get a flush toilet, eating well constantly. You like luxury. I do, look, I do. I like a fluffy hotel towel. I like a bidet. Look, I like warm jets of water squirting up my ass. I mean, who doesn't? I could retire here. I could retire here, too. You see, that's sort of the measure of a place - for me is like, If you start thinking thoughts like that. Like, that must be nice. I could live here. Just me and my watercolors, you know? Puttering. When you retire, are you going to putter? What's putter? Dicking around. Basically, you wake up and maybe you paint a little. I could paint. You know, well, OK. Do you how to make a sweater. Who do you think I am like? Who am I? I would like to go fishing. You know, I've never catch anything in my life. Do you actually fish? Do you know how to fish? Do you ever fish? I don't know how to fish. I'll show you how. All you need is a car battery and a couple of cables. Trust me, you get all the fish you want. Well, that's... - They come right up. - We have to be gentle. There's other ways. How do you say dynamite - in French? - Dynamite. - Dynamite. See, I do speak French. You can tell. You know it's coming, right? You can sense it. Oh, no. Another fishing scene. This is our vessel here on the right. Eric is one of only a handful of old-style fishermen who work the sea the old-fashioned way. Do you see yourself fishing? - No. - It's stressful to me. Right. I always think I'm going to catch, like, my testicles or my ear with the hook. You know, I have a fear of fish hooks. You guys catching dente? Yes. He said it's the best fish of the Mediterranean. I have no idea what he's talking about. Well, hopefully, we'll see. Well, hopefully, we'll taste it. Well, he's supposed to deliver it to Le Petit Nice. Yeah, that's right. Eric works exclusively for this man, Gerald Passedat. The extremely demanding chef/owner of Le Petit Nice. Marseille's only three Michelin-star restaurant. I'm ready for my fisherman, actually. It won't be long. It depends on what the Mediterranean Sea will offer to us. So it's a long line, Tony. How long is the line? Well, he say he has about, today 300 hooks. So he basically lays it out at night? - Yeah. - Comes back and pick it up. In Marseille is only five guys, five fishermen will rock it like him. You know he has 300 hooks. See he's right in time. This must be the 12th fishing scene. No, I must have done 20 fishing scenes in my life. And I think I had one good day out of all of them. Other than that, it's been one humiliating goat rodeo after another. Ordinarily, our typical fishing scene actually would be, it would be rougher than this. So we'd be pitching back and forth. And I'd be hanging on to the contents of my stomach, only by realizing that they feel even sicker because they have to look through the view finder. So they're like... so it's basically you're playing this sort of race against time - kind of a game. It's like who's going to puke first. - -Yeah. -But it's always the camera - dudes though. - Is it? - No. Generally, it's our producer. He said bad days, I had some bad days but this one... - This is the worst. - This is the worst. Well, there it is. Another extraordinarily successful fishing scene - in the can. Time to reap the rewards awaiting us back on dry land. You'll tell me if there's any oiled up amazons behind me. - Behind you? - They're frolicking naked. Yes. Right now they're kind of like mature Amazons. It will happen. Here's the chef. - Anthony Bourdain. - Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. An honor, sir. Would you mind to have the bouillabaisse? Is it a good idea? Or... No, no, no. It's a very good idea. There's reinvented, deconstructed and then usually there's the thing, itself. Passedat's take on bouillabaisse, without a doubt Marseille's most famous dish is spread out over four courses. First, shellfish carpaccio of raw mussels and clams. This is super, huh? They slice the muscles raw. That's crazy. Wow. I decided to make this bouillabaisse, like a version when I was a child. On those rocks, when I was with my knife, opening the mussels, eating the mussels. In my cuisine, there's no cream, no butter. It's not traditional at all. It's just based on the fish. This is my way of thinking, my cuisine here. For myself. Slipper lobster, weaver, angler, and red gurnard lightly seared then a touch in the oven. Oh, whoa. This is just incredibly beautiful. It's so delicate and at the same time flavorful and powerful. This is insanely good. A broth so intense it requires over ten kilos of rock crabs and various bony tasty little fishes, to make just one kilo of brown, gloriously brown, magical liquid. Dorade and dentelle, steamed over seaweed water, saffron potatoes, and then finally comes that magical brown broth. - Oh. - Wow. Ahh. That's a good one, huh? Oh, man. This is unbelievable. The entire fish you're eating. Yeah. And just when my brain threatens to short circuit - with pleasure. Descending as if from heaven itself. Oh, cheese. Oh, god, the cheese. I got to tell you, I don't care how about naked breasts are on that beach right now, because that's much more - exciting. All right. Look at it. It's beautiful. - Food taste good? - Yes. Oh, look at that. Oh, man. Oh, I love the cheese. Cheese like this. That is just incredible. Oh, yes. That is exceptional. Life is good. Life is good. Marseille was once the hub. The rough and tumble principle Port for France's colony - such as Tunisia, Morocco, and Algeria. As a result the sights and smells of Africa permeate the city. There's been attempts to disuade me from Marseille, you don't want to go there, and yet I come here. Correct me if I'm wrong, it is a beautiful city. It smells good. You smell the different pastries. The Tajin, we have leabess. And it's an extraordinary looking city and the people are really interesting looking. I must say, you are in the center of the world because the world is in Marseille. We are connected to the Mediterranean sea. So it's really different from the north of France. I feel closer to a guy from Oracle, than a guy from maybe Germany or... it's different. Cedric Fabre is a Marseille crime writer who spent decades deciphering the dense layers of crime and corruption, pasties, and sunshine. It's a perfect town for writers of Mark. Plenty of atmospherics and lurid history. Why do you think it's such a fertile ground to set a crime novel? For me it's more interesting because you write about the - place you live in. I walk in the street, I have an idea, et cetera. I couldn't write about past things like James Leroy does. Because I have to know the real part of the city, the people. Here it's a really interesting stew of characters. In Marseille, there is a very poor area and a very rich area. The difference between these two areas is the worst in France. So that makes an interesting city because when we write crime novel, we write both the differences between the poor people, the - rich people, Et cetera, so that's interesting. Le Femina is an Algerian restaurant with some of the better cous cous in town. And since it's a very filling dish and I only got one crack at it, I go for the royale. What else? Vegetables, chickpeas, merguez sausage, chicken, chunks of lamb, and meatballs. What people say, is that everybody sees themselves as Marseillaise first and French second, regardless of your background. Is that true? Because in Marseille we love that city. It's our city. And at the same time, we hate a lot of aspects. We have both love and hate. It's part of a complex, I think. Marseille has always made bad choices in politics. When France lost its colonies, it was an economic disaster for Marseille. I'm thinking about one of your cities in the states, Detroit. It was a huge city. It was very important. And a beautiful... -And what happened? Yeah, we abandoned Detroit. We abandoned it. It became too black for America to... Maybe France is abandoning Marseille. Sometimes people say, in Marseille, people, - they are racist. I would say in Marseille, people, they are connected with other people. Let's hope Marseille people figure that out because I think it's amazing here. If you ask real Marseillease these day, what's the iconic dish? The one thing you most closely associate with home, the answer might surprise you. Pizza. Marseille, it turns out, is the pizza truck capital of France. So this could be a whole new beginning for you, Eric. Yes. I always said, you should have a truck. Yeah. I'll do it with you. - Do you have pizza experience? - Never did a pizza in my life. Does he know this. No, he doesn't know. I'm going to tell him. Okay, let's go. Our employer for this episode of the real world - geriatric edition Is Jean-Denis Martinez. His yellow truck, a rolling pizza oven is well known in the neighborhood. Meaning he's busy. He's taking orders soon. We're not going be good at this. This is going to be like "I love Lucy." More like "laurel and hardy." This is like a nightmare. I actually have this nightmare, where like, there's orders coming in, and I don't - understand what they are because it's in a different Language and I don't know where anything is. And I'm falling behind. This is literally my nightmare. Okay, get ready. Get in there. Lucy, come on, put on the sauce. spread it on there, come on. Don't take my job. No, no, no. You don't push. Three spoons. You're sloppy, man. What is that? What? I'm getting there. It has to be even, the sauce. Okay, ham, mushrooms and cheese. Let's go. Come on, man. Customers are backing up here. - They want the pizza. - My pizza is good, okay? No, no, no, no. A little bit like that. A little bit like that. Like that. Good. Pizza, I soon notice, is different here. Toppings are somewhat on the high end. Crème fraiche, reblochon cheese, lardon, figs, chevre. Look at this line. Stop digging around with your insane perfectionism. - Tony, he wants pizza, the guy. - Yup. Can you translate this for me? I think this man is speaking in profanities to me. How long have you been working on this pizza? Michelangelo worked on the Sistine chapel for less time. There's a line of people waiting, Tony. It's turning ugly out there. Tony, lady wants a pizza. He's new. He's new. I can't do anything with him. What happened? Are you on your break or what? Yeah. This is France. Got a nice break. Another beautiful day in paradise and we're - heading out Into the country side. And as always, when embarking on a brotastic adventure, an appropriate vehicle is called for. In this case, a 1972 Citroen Maserati. This is sweet. It's totally 70s. You have to buy me one of these. No. if we had one of these. I bet Serge Gainsbourg... Serge Gainsbourg probably banged Jane Birkin - in the back of one of these. No actually, you need a little more room. Lourmarin is a 1000 year old town about 90 minutes from Marseille. A picture-perfect village known for its farmer's market. You like green salad? If I make a green salad, you going to eat it? No. This one is very ripe. That one, okay. We take the female. You have a black coconut with basil? - Or the traditional one? - Let's go traditional. We don't have time for messing around here. - We need figs. - What else is new? We need a... -Yeah, yeah, yeah. Definitely. And some bread. And the bread. - And wine. - And the wine. A very, very, very expensive wine. - -Yeah? -Yeah. we're blowing out the - budget, man. Okay. Good. Need more money. So we open two reds? We're going to be smashed. We'll be needing that. That's our cheese selection. Which I will be artfully plating. Baking like a meatloaf all of a sudden, you go from freezing to - high heat. I tell you, it's like... - It's rough, huh? - It's rough. I use the butter. By the time we're halfway through this bottle, you think this is as good as the finest Bordeaux. And by the way, we're not suggesting, advising, recommending or any way condoning the driving of a motor vehicle, especially a high powered Italian French hybrid, while drunk because that would be wrong. Well we're going to take a nap before. Right, until our blood alcohol level is in alignment with all local regulations and laws. I'm going to put salt on the tomatoes. Oh, that's going to be good like that. You know Martha Stewart pretty well. - You've been on her show a lot. - Yeah, yeah. Give me an honest answer. In a street fight, could Martha Stewart choke me out? I think if she goes to the dark side, yeah. I think so, too. This is not like my show at all, actually. I'm going to get shit for this, I'm telling you. You're not keeping it real anymore, man. All right look, it looks like a wine label. As a Buddhist, does this worry you? - -I'm sorry? -As a Buddhist does it worry - you, Considering how well this life turned out for you? No, it's good karma from my previous life. But how long can that karma last? Until it's dead. It ends. When do you think that might be? Any time soon, you never know. Karma switch like that boom. What would you not want to come back as? What would your worst case scenario be in the next life? How many chances do you have to be born as what you are, what I am? In the entire universe. Isn't that worrying to you? The next life cannot possibly be better than this. It's probably going to suck. I mean, best-case scenario, you know, in our next life, maybe if you get to sit in a sub shop in Asbury Park, New Jersey, that will be the greatest day of your life. That will be the best-case scenario. But the most challenging... You end up, you know, a mime. A diseased itinerant mime. Wandering the streets for money. Or worse. You're a desperate case. I don't know what - to do with you. I'm just saying how much better can it be than this? Enjoy every minute of this now, Eric. And pray, pray, pray that this is it. That at the end of the they roll you into a hole in the ground. And you're diet for worms. Because if you're right, and there is a next life, we are -, my friend. Well, the ultimate idea is to be enlightened, to come back and help as many people as you can. So all phenomenon of life and what you perceive as reality, is ultimately one. Let's leave it at that. Serenity now. - Cheers. - Cheers. With our bellies full, we're now prepared for the challenge to come. This is Rodiere and Danielle of the villages pick tock team. The hilltop village of Roussillon is where our epic battle is to take place. Four men enter thunder dome. Only two shall leave. Well, look at these guys. We're totally getting hustled. Yeah, we're in trouble. - Now they're not joking anymore. - Yeah, I know. USA, USA, USA. - Oh, we have one point. - All right. So our humiliation is not total. It's all we really - were looking for. - Yeah, the rest we don't care. - Okay, success. - Okay. which one is me? - I don't know. - Oh. - Jinx it. Jinx it. Do habsa habsa habsa. See? Told you. You're wishing evil on others. You're totally coming back as a sea cucumber. This is like "deliverance" in reverse. Oh, no! - What is it? 10-10 now? - 10-10. This is my winning move. - I know, you're so into this. I can't believe it. - You're so competitive. My jacket. Oh, yeah, blame your jacket. There you go. Oh! USA. Look! I've never seen him so happy. All right. It's Miller time. I've never seen this side of you, man. I don't know what to think. They call them le calanque. The many coves of fjords cutting through the rock and soil of the coast on both sides of the city. They're a distinctively beautiful feature of an already beautiful area. But no matter how beautiful the cliffs and chasms of le calanque I sure as hell wouldn't care to dive into water of undeterminative depth, from a great height. No, I would not do that. Welcome to my menu. - Oh yeah. - Wow. Right, it's where you jump? Yes. - From here? - 18 meters. - It's only 18 meters? - Yes. It looks like it's much more. Lionel Franc known to his friends as lulu, grew up around le calanque. And yes he would do that, he does it almost every day. You're very close. You have to push yourself? Oh, I can't even look at you doing that. - Oh. - That's it? You done? I'm done. I'm just gonna sit. Don't like heights. Oh, geez. I look at him and my calves start turning to jelly. Look at the fish. So after you belly flop and your food squirts - out both end of you, - the fish will feed on you. - That's why they're coming. Oh, geez. Oh, look at that. Exactly like me in the morning, before breakfast. Okay, good for me. - Oooh. - Hey, all right. - Come on, man, you can do that. - I don't know. - Impressive. - Yeah, very impressive. Does he get paid for that? I don't know. look, as long as he's not a mime, I'm okay with it. He's definitely not a mime. Even the smell of mime makeup, I start to tremble with fear. So it's a phobia. It's a serious phobia. Don't like it. Mimes, clowns, nurses shoes. Like those white nurses shoes. Oh, the clogs. No. They're, like, super comfortable, like, and they're white. Yeah. But not, like, super white because they've been, you know, walking through various bodily fluids and there's a little speck of, like, blood or urine on it. But it's... it's true terror. Wow. Missed it by that much. Too many men on this show. It's a freakin' brofest. Like most places, the overwhelming majority of chefs in Marseille are men. However, each month, Georgiana Viou hosts a dinner for her female colleagues, chefs all. Everybody here a chef in the business? Yeah. How many more are there like you? Uh, maybe three or four in Marseille. France, kind of macho country. And if you want to find your place, it's very difficult when you are a girl. But actually, like, in Mediterranean, the example for cooking, the basic... Yes. Because if you want to have good food, you don't go to restaurants in Marseille that much. You know your grandmother or mother will cook much better. Georgiana is from Benin, via Nigeria and London, but beyond all else, she's Marseillaise. Beef tartare with botargo, dried eggs, apple and celeriac. Counterintuitive one would think, but truly amazing and delicious. I'm coming from Paris and I used to cook with butter and cream and whatever, and today I can't imagine my cuisine without olive oil, without vegetables, without seafood, without spices. And on the top you're going to put some salt of the tartare. It's a good idea. It's better than putting - anchovies. If you want, you can do it on tartare. I'm going to do it. I'll send you the picture. - Sure? - Seriously. I'm going to do it. Oh, cool. And my single favorite Marseillaise classic pierre e parke. A dish which encapsulates everything I love and believe in about food. First the hair on the sheep's foot is burned off. The meat is then tenderized and cut into pieces. Sheep's tripe is cleaned and cut into squares. Each piece is stuffed with onions, parsley, garlic and salt pork before being rolled and wrapped into small pouches. These are stewed for several hours in a sauce of white wine, tomatoes, bacon, onion, and carrots along with the sheep's foot. - I love this dish. - I love this dish, too. This is everything I believe in in food. This is just absolutely the top. This is a dish with soul, to make it good, you have to put your soul into it. If you don't have it, you don't... I like it here. He's already thinking about retiring here. In Marseille? Sure? - -You said you could retire here. -I said I could retire here. - Yeah. - Yeah, why not? - No, no, I'm happy to hear that. It's not an easy city. It's not museums, Disneyland, you know, Everything is kind of dirty and complicated. But when you are in Marseille and just you have the fantastic light and the sea and you can have the best fishes. Yes, you are home. I mean, just like being home. Marseille is not France in the best possible way. Algerians, Moroccans, Italians, their cultural and culinary - influences Have enriched Marseille with flavors and colors all their own. But there's another major influence. The Corsican mafia, who to be fair along with their Sicilian colleagues did kind of run things around here for much of the last century. Those days are mostly over. And the Corsican presence has dwindled to a few thousand, - which is a shame Because Corsica produces some of the most wonderful cheese anywhere. Pancetta and the... -Awesome. Yeah but we want everything. A cured meat and cheese shop run by Marie Paul and family still going after 70 years. Famously or notoriously, however you want to put it, this was a Corsican town. When I would go to the shop as a kid, my aunt, probably a typical xenophobic French woman of her generation, said all the Corsicans, they're all gangsters or policemen. Oh, today just got better. Very flavorful. Oh, this one is unbelievable. The flavor of that is unbelievable. - Yeah, we're not dicking around. - Lingers too. I love this. It's making me happy. Want some? Here, have a piece. You want some? This is the copa, this one is special. All right. Let's move on to cheese. Ah, look at that. That's beautiful. Those ones are milder. This one is strong. Oh wow. That is some... This looks very intensive but it's like ooh. That is some deep funk. That is some... wow. See, when I eat cheese like this and I drink wine like this, I start thinking of my fantasies. Maybe you saw Godfather too. Yeah, of course. I just think, I could just spend the rest of my life sitting on a hill in Corsica, eating goat cheese, drinking wine and having my enemies killed by remote control. I would love to live that lifestyle except, killing enemies, as you know, I'm not killing anyone. I've never seen you wish ill on anyone. As long as I've known you. You've never even said that rat bastard, I hope something really bad happens, I hope he gets stomach cancer. Or, you've never even said I hope he loses his girlfriend. You've never wished ill on anyone. - I don't. - So let me ask, in your darkest heart of hearts, do you ever stray, do you ever find yourself thinking, oh, I really hope - they just, I don't know, I hope they get herpes? I wish ill on people every day. Sorry Tony, you know, I mean, cheers to hell It's a big night in Marseille. The city's football team, that's soccer team to you, is playing which means the whole city's watching. Eric and I head to the hipster neighborhood to meet up with Gilles Rof, a film-maker and sportswriter for France's top newspaper le monde. So, tonight, the big game, it's Marseille, Lille. It's Lille against Marseille because it's in Lille. It's not here. So we'll have to watch it on TV. And will all of Marseille be watching this? - -Yeah. -Everybody's going to be - watching. You know, we did a very good season. But at the end of the season, we are only fourth. - So it's a must win. - It's very important. - So it's a must win today. - Right. So the dream of every Marseillaisean, the perfect season would be to see Marseille crush Paris, move on and go all the way. They don't want to be second first. They want to be second to none. And in football, it's one of the only issues, where they can be first. That's why people here love so much their soccer team. Because it's the place where you can show your identity. If you go all around the streets and you ask people, where are you from? They'll tell you, I'm from Nigeria, I'm from Morocco. But if you ask them, what is your favorite team they will say Marseille. Because they are a part of the city. They are from this city and the football team is the flag of this city. About 75 years ago, the properties around the calanques were mostly farmland then small shacks. The working class families from the city used as weekend getaways. No running water or indoor plumbing. Simple. A place to get together, have a long winey lunch. Hello. You can't build new ones and the ones that are here like this one owned by Dominique and Natalie have been in the same family since the '40s. And they ain't going anywhere. Is this area protected? Meaning if I wanted to open a giant modern hotel across there, it's impossible, right? Actually, a couple of years ago it was kind of scaled up on the protection level, so nothing's going to happen now. And most of these properties are owned by the same family for many years? But we live in Marseille and we came here for the weekend. That's nice. Lunch is being prepared by de-de. Penisse, crispy fried fritters of chickpea, which go well with Natalies aioli, and one of my favorites, Mediterranian sea snails simmered in garlic, wild fennell and orange peel. That's the taste of this region for me. It's garlic, olive oil, saffron. True. - And these. - Exactly. And look at this. Look at this. Sardine. Lightly marinated in lemon and olive oil. You can pretty much rub that all over me. I don't care. So good and so fresh. Perfect. Oily little fish in a garden. Okay, so we discussed the characteristics of the true Marseillase. Is Marseille France? No. You're loyal to New York before America. That's true. So what about the people? What do all true, true Marseillaise have in common? A big liar? They have the reputation of exaggerating. So if you eat sardines like that, we're like, I want to learn to have sardines like this. Octopus stew. Slow cooked in wine and typical elements of cooking, like dry orange peel, garlic, and tomato. Spoon over pasta and enjoy. Oh, yes. I can smell that octo stock. Fantastic. So when are you retiring? At what age? As soon as possible. Seriously. - Right? - You want to tom back? Yeah, I don't want to leave. I mean, when you see that, that lifestyle, and people come from all over Europe by highways, they spend hours in their car to be here. My grandparents and my uncles used to have that lifestyle. Like exactly like that.  - Right? And I forgot about it. Now I'm remembering. I'm telling you, a chain of cynical surf and turf - restaurants, We can cash out in two years. If it is to be here, yeah, I'll do it. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 