Voltron Force: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Voltron Force 
 s1e10 - Wanted and Unwanted - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Voltron Force (2011–2012): Season 1, Episode 10 - Wanted and Unwanted - full transcript 
 When Daniel makes a surprise appearance on Commander KeithÃ.s secret mission, Keith must attempt a prison-break from the invisible cloaked vessel known as The Void in order to save them both. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Where did you go? What do you think you're doing? It looked like you were up to something cool and covert, so I wanted to come get your back. Get my back? Daniel, you shouldn't be here! Why? You need to get out of here before it's... Too late. See? Lucky I decided to follow you. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Lucky isn't the word I'd use. Use your speed and disappear. So you're just throwing this whole teamwork thing out the window, huh? Oh, it's on. Daniel, I got this. Get out of here! No! Why are you being such an action hog? If you want to ice this cake, go for it, but remember that I... What are you doing? I've been caught. Now run! But... My Voltcom! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Where are they taking us? This is going to get a lot worse. Evil is back. The Drule King Lotor has returned with a dark energy that can destroy the galaxy. Our only hope? The Voltron Force, a team of five heroic pilots that control five awesome robot lions. When Lotor's monstrous Robeasts attack, the lions come together to form Voltron, defender of the universe! What happened? Did you just feel like getting caught today? That was the plan, yeah. The plan? What? Why? Because it's the only way to find the void. This place is, like, the void? Wade's magical secret prison? It actually exists? Yeah, but it's not magic. There's an energy field around it that essentially makes it invisible. Our voltcoms! So, getting sent here is the only way to find it. Huh, that makes sense. What doesn't is why you would want to find it. Because this jail not only houses the worst-of-the-worst. Wade keeps his political prisoners here, too. I got caught to break them out, though now it's them plus one. What? Me? I got your back, remember. I'll probably be breaking you out. Uh, right, you're mad at me. We'll joke about this later. Wade... Greetings, new prisoners, and welcome to the void. Save it, Daniel. It's just a recording. Wade isn't here. These are your gravity-enhancing ankle collars. While we recommend you keep them on tight, you're welcome to take them off and escape any time you like. Identification scan commenced. What does he mean by "escape"? It's not an escape you want. Unless I tell you otherwise, it's very important to leave that on, or else... Prisoner! You have been deemed a high security risk. Keith! I hope that was part of the... The distortion you just experienced was the void generator being reactivated. Once again, we're hidden from the rest of the universe. Enjoy your stay at the void. You now cease to exist. You look fun to smash. Really? I think it'd be pretty boring. Stick with me, Keith says! We'll be fine! This doesn't concern you, squirt! Afraid it does. You got to go through me to get to him. What's going on? Prisoners, because of your actions, I am rewarding you with another opportunity to escape. You are welcome to remove your ankle collar at this time. Hold on! For those of you still with us, please continue to enjoy the hospitality of the void. Until our next escape. This isn't over. Thanks. What was that? Wade likes to provide us with an opportunity to "escape" whenever possible. How thoughtful of him. Better than not having that collar on. If you didn't, it's whoosh! And once you slip outside the perimeter into space? Kaput! Sounds like you would need a pretty good plan to actually escape... I imagine you must have one, seeing as how you are a friend of Keith's. What? Uh, I know nothing of this keee... ith you speak of. Give it up, kid. I know the commander of the Voltron Force all too well. He's the reason I'm in here. Haven't we had enough violence for one day? Relax. I'm on your side. The name's Manset. Keith and I go way back. I'm actually the one that provided him with all the plans to this prison. Really? How? In my line of work, you tend to meet a lot of people with a lot of secrets. My biggest secret is being part of The Den resistance. Really? That's awesome! You're in the... Shh! There are a few of us here, but making that public might not be good for our health. Right. So, how did you end up here? One of my clients tried to earn favor with Wade by turning me in. I tried to get word to Keith, but it was too late. So, not only does Wade know Keith is coming, he also knows his plan to escape. Hello, commander Keith. Didn't have the guts to greet me face-to-face, huh, Wade? It's not my guts you should be worried about. We're so glad you've chosen to come and stay with us in the void. Surprised to see me? "What's he doing here?" You're asking yourself. I'll let you in on a little secret. I had to be here in person to see your face when I told you this... I know your plan to break out. Well, that was much less exciting than I had hoped. What if I were to add that your friends won't be able to rescue you either. I knew they were on your tail, so I sent some of my fleet out to greet them. Of course, I didn't think my fractals would stop the Voltron Force... But I knew the tactic would slow them down just enough for us to disappear. So, what do we do now? Well, plan "a" was, "follow ship, use giant robot." Plan "b" is a bit more complicated. Nothing transmits from inside the void, so we can't pick up Keith's tracking signal until the shield is down. So, as I said, what do we do now? We wait. Awesome. Wait, Wade's expecting Keith to try to break out, but he doesn't know about us. You know the plan, right? Of course. I basically came up with it. Well, most of it. How come you haven't tried to break out of here yet? Hmm, do I look like a hero to you, kid? Being a hero isn't about what you look like. It's about what you got on the inside that counts. Don't worry, I've got enough hero for the both of us. So, what's the plan? The key to the whole operation lies in... Destroying the void generator? Thought you could just drop in and take it out, huh? Well, I'm not about to let that happen. Let me tell you what is going to happen. Enlighten me. I was going to put you on trial for the whole galaxy to see. Condemn you, then get rid of you. But then, there were too many variables, even though the outcome would be inevitable. Did you ever stop to think that I was actually two steps ahead of you. Maybe getting caught, after getting caught, was part of my plan. Hmm, I'm guessing not. Throw him in the black hole! So, deactivating the void generator sounds simple enough. What about the people Keith came to break out? Therein lies another complication. Most of them are over there... But then there's Chief Kalon. The leader of the lion riders! He's here? Where? - There's no gravity in here. - Huh? You'll get used to it. Chief Kalon, is that you? Commander Keith, what are you doing here? Breaking you out. Getting thrown in the black hole was part of your plan? Very little of what's happened today was part of my plan. Man, I'm sure Chief Kalon being in the black hole wasn't part of Keith's plan either. I need to find him. Or maybe I should just turn off the generator myself. I wonder how he planned on getting there. I did provide him with a map of the air vent system. Of course! You don't still have one by chance, do you? I'm afraid not. There are miles of tunnels in here. Too bad I didn't have my Voltcom. I could zip around them in a few... Space mice, the galaxy's greatest natural resource. Now that I've got our voltcoms... Ooh... What pretty jewellery. Those are mine. Give them back! Still want them? I saw your ugly face twist into a knot when we had our last escape drill. I'm not afraid to cause another one of those. So, what do you say you just give them back before I come and take it. Well, that's new. I'll be taking that other one from you. Now. The Voltron Force? Hold on to this. Protect it with your life. I'll be right back. What? Where are you going? To turn off the generator. That's why I've never been much of a planner. But I didn't tell you about... Cloak... Rise and shine, commander and chief. It's time to execute your sentence. Are you going to share, or is our fate a surprise? Oh, it's simple, really. I tell the universe that the great commander of the Voltron Force was thrown in jail and met his Doom while trying to escape. It makes you look weak, while instilling fear in any that would stand against me. Kalon here will be part of your escape attempt. The truth of your deeds will eventually emerge, and we will become martyrs to the cause. There is power in that which you cannot imagine. And how will the truth get out? Do you think my Wadroids will tell your story? No, Kalon, I'm afraid I write the future now. No one will ever know your tale. So, anything yet or... No! Just a hunch, I think the subject of our next class is gonna be patience. Now, why would someone not want Wadroids in there? I'd say it's worth checking out. The void generator. Oh, you've got to be kidding me. It's just that easy? I wouldn't recommend trying that again. Hello? Huh? Invisible man. I didn't see that coming. Okay, I can't see you, but maybe... I can hear you. That didn't work. Let's try this again. You just don't quit, do you? If it isn't the invisible man. You can't just walk in here and turn off the void generator. Watch me... I can't say the same... Prisoners, there's going to be an escape today! Oh, don't worry, cretins, if you have your ankle collar on, you'll probably survive. For those without... well, as you pass through the thin atmosphere of the void, you'll slowly freeze and fall asleep. Maybe, for an instant, you'll dream of freedom, but there will be none for you. Guards! A gift, from Daniel. Manset! What are you doing here? Where's Daniel? Was this part of your plan? Actually, yes. I just didn't plan on you being launched with me, or having a missing cadet. Looks like your suit doesn't like me. I don't like you either. Oh, I'm sure you would if you got to know me. I can't let you turn off the void generator. This is where we part, Keith. I can't say it was nice knowing you. Oh, no. Someone stop them. Look, you're the only other human running this place besides Wade. I'm guessing he's got something on you. If you let me turn it off, I can get you out of here. It's not that simple. I'm responsible for this. All of this. I was building cloaking technology for commercial use when Wade found out and forced me to develop it on a military level. Then he used this same cloaking tech to invade my home planet, and my people paid the price. Which why I stay here following Wade's orders to protect my creation. It's my punishment. My curse. What about those who are suffering from your punishment right now? Bring me my suit. Then turn them off. Turn everyone's off! You still here? I'm turning it off now. Daniel, do you read? Keith, it's you! You got your Voltcom! Told you I had your back. I'm grateful, but we need to hold off on the told-you-so's. Where are you? I'm in the void generator room. I'm about to turn it off. There's this guy in here that turns... Daniel, whatever you do, do not shut that thing down. It's the only thing providing any kind of atmosphere out here. Get back to the yard as quickly as possible. Whoa! Gotcha. On my way! Shut them down and turn theirs off once I'm out. Keith will end up needing to save himself if he tries to save them all. I guess this is turning into a mass escape. Grab onto something! Claw shot! Manset! I got you! No, Daniel, this is it. My chance to use what I got on the... Inside. Meet me at the top! There's no time for this! I've always hated these things. Go! I can set this right. Get up there and help your friends shut Wade down. How? Through there. I gotcha. Stay with me. You see? My suit is made to be out here! Yeah, but mine comes with these. Well, then, I guess we're both out of time. No! Your turn, Kalon. You'll have to get through me first. Where did you come from? You were that troublesome cadet from the G.A. Academy. Oh, I'm going to enjoy finishing your punishment. A bit cocky, aren't we? I just call it "confidence." 'Cause I know someone's got my back. What? No! How's this for a suit, Wade? Ready my ship! He... was a step ahead of me. I had no idea how that was going to play out. I think we got pretty lucky. I owe both of you thanks. You got me out of that place, and you saved my life. It's what I do. What will become of them? They think they are going free. Some deserve to be free, some don't, but no one deserves to be in the void. Someone believes he does... Keith reports they are touching down on Ariel. Thank you, commander. The lion riders are in your debt. If the Voltron Force ever needs us, we've got your back. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 