This Giant Beast That is the Global Economy: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 This Giant Beast That is the Global Economy 
 s1e3 - The Rubber Episode - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 This Giant Beast That is the Global Economy (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - The Rubber Episode - full transcript 
 What if planes couldn't land? Or trucks couldn't transport food? Without rubber, the economy as we know it ceases to exist. Kal Penn traces the path of rubber and uncovers a blind spot in the free market economy that's putting us at risk. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Gee-whiz. When I was a kid, I was pretty sure I knew how the world was going to end, alien invasion, giant lizard attack, or zombie apocalypse. And even though some people are still convinced that Godzilla, flying saucers and the body snatchers are on the way. Today, there's a more immediate apocalyptic threat, the potential disappearance of a crucial global commodity 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 we rely on in ways we don't even realise, one specific commodity that's so important, so ubiquitous, nearly everything in the world depends on it. And if our supply were to ever run out, the global economy would grind to a halt. I bet you think I'm talking about oil. Think again. This is the rubber episode. Whether you like it or not, we're all connected by money. I'm Kal Penn, exploring this giant beast that is the global economy. To truly appreciate how much we rely on rubber, I need to get a taste of it in a monster dose. Philadelphia, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 this is Monster Jam. Monster Jam rolls on mammoth tyres. And nothing else but natural rubber can handle the impact of those sick monster truck jumps. Besides tyres, rubber has crammed its way into just about everything, from the clothes you wear to the items around your house and beyond. Rubber lets you bounce in this super fun thing. And these super fun things. Yeah, that's a whole different kind of bounce. Natural rubber is a $26 billion industry. It is the backbone of the economy. The world's demand for natural rubber is about 13,000 kilometric tonnes a year, or the equivalent of 86,868 blue whales. That's a lot of rubber. And Monster Jam has a huge demand for it. What? What? Yeah. I wanna ask you about rubber. You're like the rubber guy. The rubber guy. I'm not sure if I like that. Bill Easterly is responsible for putting tyres on all those Monster Jam trucks. With 33 years of motor sports experience, he knows a lot about when the rubber hits the road, or dirt, or whatever. So you know a lot about tyres. How important are tyres and rubber to Monster Jam? Well, we can't, perform without them. Yeah. We have trucks that are jumping in the air, landing on the ground at 20 Gs. The truck weighs 12,000 pounds. The maths is almost a quarter million pounds of force hitting the ground. The tyres have to survive that repeatedly. So the tyres are very important. How much do tyres like this cost? These tyres can cost $3,000. - People ask... - Each? - Each. Yeah. - Oh, whoa. What we do to tyres isn't fair to begin with, sending them 30 feet in the air, crashing these trucks all over the floor, crushing over cars. We can damage a tyre once in a while. So we have to build an extra, extra strong tyre to withstand what we do to them. Natural rubber builds a great extra strong product so that we can be the type of performers we are. There are synthetic rubbers made from petroleum, but the most vital rubber products can't be synthetic. Why? In the face of heat, abrasion and age, synthetic rubber just won't hold up. Synthetic rubber plane tyres? Don't even think about it. They can't handle the landing, and they would blow up on the runway. It's the same with long-haul trucks driving cross country. Synthetic rubbers can't take the beating. Natural rubber is the only substance known to man that can do the things that planes, trucks, and these monsters need. But natural rubber is in real danger of disappearing, and if it does, it would be the end of Monster Jam and nearly everything else you depend on in life. This is the source of natural rubber, the raw sap or latex from the Brazilian rubber tree, Hevea Brasiliensis. These trees are monoclonal, meaning this tree and this tree and this one all share the exact same genetic make-up. Which also means that they're all susceptible to the same disease. That disease is a fungus called Rubber Tree Blight, Microcyclus ulei. For a rubber tree, it's like the Black Death, the Spanish flu, and Ebola combined. There's no vaccine or cure. How scary is an outbreak? Well, since all rubber trees are basically identical siblings, this disease has the potential to destroy the entire rubber industry. With all this potential devastation and a clear threat to our global supply of rubber, who do you call when that vicious little spore has big plans? Only the most extreme, badass, take no prisoners plant pathologist. - Can I wear this? - Indeed, you can. I got an honorary doctorate once - for doing nothing. - You did? Well, that's the usual... - So we are both doctors. - Oh, we are indeed. But you actually know what you're doing. Yeah, well, my career has actually been mainly in the tropics. I've worked mainly on tropical crops, coffee, cacao and rubber. Let's get some rubber trees to cough and see how they're doing. Dr Harry Evans has had over 40 years of experience battling plant and fungal diseases. He spends most of his time in the lab, cataloguing archived specimens, including leaf blight. And this would the first place that rubber material would come from, almost certainly from Asia, and to where disease is suspected, rubber blight. Okay. This specimen here is in fact rubber blight from Trinidad from the 1980s. These are called shot holes, and that's what happens to the leaves. You see the shot holes. - Yeah. - And all the leaves fall out, and eventually, the leaf will fold prematurely, and the whole tree will be defoliated, and possibly death of the tree after that. The collector here, Chi, was Malaysian, and he was looking at all aspects of the disease to make himself acquainted with it. So in fact, when you look at it, you can... - I'm sorry. - I'm laughing because in Hindi, "chi" means shit. So this is Dr Shit who sent you these samples. Yeah, so what Chi's sort of descriptions, the first people on the scene may be able to say, "Yes, that's rubber blight." And looking simply down this microscope, at it, you see those structures there. Oh, yeah, wow. Yeah, so that's the eruption. And what happens then, it pushes the leaf out and then it becomes like this Swiss cheese... I mean when you say eruption, that actually looks like a mountain range. Yeah, yeah. At that magnification, yeah. Within those are the structures holding the sexual spores. - Okay. - Which are then violently released and carry on the process. This is a viable structure. It's a mountain range. So it's protected, and inside are the spores. And it's a very slow-growing fungi. It's three or four weeks. It takes three or four weeks to get to that stage? To get to that sort of growth. - Whoa. Okay. - Yeah. So if you put a little sample of that in there, in four weeks, it would look like that? Yeah. And if they find rubber blight or if you find rubber blight rather, they send you a sample, by the time you get it, is it too late to do something about it? The alarm bells would go. Once this disease gets going through a plantation, it just wipes it out. It's already happened once before. A hundred years ago, 90% of all the world's natural rubber supply came from Brazil, which led to companies like Ford creating massive rubber plantations to make tyres for their cars. In the 1930s, leaf blight attacked, jumping from tree to tree so fast that by the time it was discovered, it was too late. This tiny spore laid waste to almost all the trees in South America. Ford had invested $20 million into the plantation, or roughly $280 million in today's dollars. They ended up selling it back to Brazil for a little over 1% of what they had invested. Now, Brazil's share of the rubber market has dropped from 90% to 0.001%. Where are the other rubber plantations? The majority are in Asia, 90%, 95%. Oh, 95% of industrial rubber for the whole world is... Natural rubber, it would be Asian in origin, yes. Got it. So then it's fairly targeted. If leaf blight would have hit there, it could disrupt most of our rubber supply. Yes, I think, well, it would disrupt the whole world economy. There's no geographic barriers after that. It would spread throughout the whole region, like it spread toward the whole of South and Central America. If it were to arrive, I think it would be very difficult to contain it. What would happen if leaf blight managed to spread across the Pacific Ocean and take hold in Asia? Not only would it spell the end to my monster truck rallies, it could take a sledgehammer to our global economy. Could you imagine? If not, let me help you. And here we are. The apocalypse looks like this, where all planes are grounded and the world comes to a screeching halt. You see how massive these things are. Yeah, that's huge. I guess this is all still being help up by... Yeah, held up by rubber tyres. I'm here to find out what a world without all this rubber would mean for us. An aeroplane graveyard where one-time titans of the skies are hacked apart and salvaged for scraps. So these tyres... 100% natural rubber. - Even these. - Almost certainly because they're such heavy duty. I hear we can see in here there might be some bits left. There would have been some seals and gaskets and things in there. I assume this has rubber components, or is it all plastic? Well, here's the rubber. - Oh, okay. - There's some rubber there. There might be some rubber in these luxury pads so your glass of alcohol or champagne doesn't slip. So would anything up here be made out of rubber? Yeah, you got it. Dr Katrina Cornish has been trying to warn us all about the economic consequences of a world without rubber. And she has a very clear message about this potential rubber crisis. We must not continue to rely on a clonal tree that is disease sensitive. This is a ridiculous way to run a global economy. Is leaf blight a real threat? Absolutely. Over the last 20 years, it's appeared in India once, in Thailand once. And then it was wholesale extermination of everything in sight to control it. If you try and fly on an aeroplane from South America to South-east Asia, you'd be very hard pressed to find a flight. You have to go somewhere else and get off the plane, get on a plane that hasn't been to South America, and it's to do with leaf blight quarantine. - Is that right? - Yeah, yeah. It can't make the ocean crossing because it's quite short lived, but it can make the aeroplane crossing. So if this happens and if these trees start getting wiped out, what happens to the economy or the impact of not getting rubber? There would, it would be a catastrophic economic collapse. There's no sector of the modern economy that isn't completely dependent upon the availability of natural rubber. You are going to lose, eventually, the entire modern world. You are going to lose it. We are going to go back 120, 130 years to what you can do. - Oh, wow. - Yes. You know, ox carts, we go back to ox carts or something. You know, horses and leather. There's nothing, medicine, transportation, you name it. So how do we solve the rubber problem? We solve the rubber problem by increasing the biodiversity of the rubber supply and doing that as quickly as we possibly can. So there's an opportunity for governments to invest now. Absolutely. But you know, we're not good at that. Something catastrophic happens, it's like, "Oh, gosh, that was a bad thing." And the fact that dozens of people might be saying, "This is gonna happen. This is gonna happen. "This is gonna happen. "This is gonna happen." "Oops, did we know this was gonna happen?" "Well, we've been trying to tell you. "You wouldn't listen. "You didn't want to be proactive. "You wanted to be reactive." So why isn't the global economy doing something to counter the potential effects of leaf blight? It turns out economies have the tendency to not address the very problems that might affect them, the kinds of problems that could happen just about any place that money changes hands. When someone talks about uncertainty in the economy, they're likely referring to externalities, outside variables that can affect everyone connected to the market. Externalities can be positive, like last year in 2004 when MySpace opened up a headquarters down the road. Stable jobs for years to come. But more often, externalities take the form of catastrophes, ecological diseases like leaf blight, natural disasters like hurricanes, and even man-made fuck-ups like a nuclear meltdown, or in my case, the fact that my house was built on an ancient burial ground. Look what attacked me in my sleep. Oh, how much for the bones? They're not for sale, you monster. Okay, seven bucks. Now to make ends meet, I have to sell all this shit. When I bought this stuff, the market didn't price in the externalities that now make this crap impossible to sell. I can't believe I didn't get a discount on my Hummer in case of a spike in gas prices. What's it cost to fill up the tank? Infinity dollars. I paid 15 bucks a pop for these CDs, but now I'm letting them go for $0.50 each. Ooh, except for the Papa Roach. Collector's item. If you buy them, you could take the records for free. Vinyl's never coming back. Oh, Google is over $100 a share? Now that it's clearly topped out, I'll cash out and move to a place that has no burial ground. I heard that New Orleans doesn't bury their people underground. Well, it looks like this guy is headed out to the Big Easy. Safe travels. Thanks, lady. New Orleans in 2005, what could go wrong? So what does this looming externality of leaf blight mean for the people in the rubber supply chain? To find out, I'm starting my journey at the beginning of the natural rubber trail. Thailand produces more than a third of the planet's rubber on plantations just like this one in the middle of what used to be a rainforest. This is Bo. His job is to harvest the raw rubber or latex. His workday is just beginning. Like the condom, latex is tapped all night, into the early morning because during the day, the jungle heat causes the latex to coagulate too quickly. That's where the metaphor falls apart. First, you remove last night's dried latex. - Tap the tree slowly. - Oh, wow. Wow. Okay? How long does that take to fill up? It takes about six hours to fill up. How many trees do you do at one time. It is... one thousand trees. Sometimes it can be up to twelve hundred trees. Wow. It takes about two years for a tree to produce enough rubber to make one regular car tyre, not even a monster truck tyre. As you guys can see, it's raining. In reality, these guys don't tap rubber trees in the rain because the water dilutes the latex. But we've got like 20 people behind the camera, came to the middle of Thailand, it's three o'clock in the morning, for the rubber episode, so here we are. Now, just one tree left. And then we are going to weigh it. Come. After tapping latex all night, Bo is collecting buckets of the white liquid. We're going to weigh it now. Once the buckets are filled, Bo must drive to the plantation weigh station to find out how much he'll earn for the night's work. This plantation contains 475 acres of rubber trees. If just a few spores of blight landed here, the trees could all be wiped out in just a few weeks. There are 30 tappers like Bo who both live and work on this plantation. Once the rubber is weighed, the plantation owner will pay them. My father bought this property and started planting rubber trees. He bought it specifically for rubber trees? Yeah. When the Thai government offered incentives to rubber farmers eight years ago, the owner of this plantation, Dr Chukiet, planted many new trees. Though a rubber tree can last for 25 years, it takes seven years for one to mature. So he has only recently seen any return on his investment. So what's happening out there? We bring the latex in from the tapping tree, okay? And now we go to measure the weight. How much it weighs, okay? And today's price is 47 baht per kilo. 47 baht per kilo. That's today's price. Yeah, today's price. How do you know, what today's price is? We have to call the factory. Oh, the factory will tell you? Yeah. 47 baht per kilo equates to about US $1,300 per tonne of liquid rubber. Dr Chukiet splits the earnings with the tappers 60/40, which means that Bo will get only about nine bucks. In Thailand, that's less than the daily minimum wage. This is the problem that we have, problem with nowadays. Worker shortage, because of the low price. Okay. The workers prefer to tap when the price is high. - Yeah. - We couldn't recruit new workers when the old worker resigns, okay? We couldn't find a new one to replace. Before we used to be able to produce about six tonnes. Six tonnes. Per day. Right now, it's two tonnes per day. Two tonnes a day? - Yeah. - Wow. So that dropped by more than half. More than half. That's why our production become low now. Okay. Have the prices been low the whole time, or is it just recently? Oh, The price now, the price has been down for a couple of years now. - It's been down? - Yeah. It's about... now, it's about thirty percent of what it used to be. It's 30% of what it used to be? Yes. - Three years ago? - Two years ago. It's quite a problem in Thailand. Business before, we used to live on rubber plantation as the main income. And now we try to shift our rubber to to coconut or to palm oil production. And we start to diversify our business. And now we cut down the the old rubber tree. I don't understand. If leaf blight is such a threat to the rubber supply and demand for natural rubber is always on the rise, why are the prices so low that farmers like Dr Chukiet are losing money and considering chopping down their rubber trees? So where does the rubber go from here? Okay, then after it's ready, we get the latex from the tank to the van. - Send it to the factory. - Okay. So these whole things go. Go to factory. If Dr Chukiet says that he gets the price from the factory, then that's where I'm headed to find out exactly why it's so low. This rubber factory is owned by Robert Meyer. In eight short years, he went from one factory to 38. He now produces 14% of all the world's rubber. Those drums of gooey latex look like this when Robert gets through with them, before he sells them to a tyre company. Kal, you can feel this is number one, warm. And it's sticky. - It is. Whoa. - So the process of baking has done two things. It has stabilised the decomposition of the product. So the organic deterioration has been stopped because it has been baked. And it amplifies the adhesion properties. Okay. And it turns brown from the drying process? - Yeah. Like a cookie. - Yeah. So these are the weighing stations where two biscuits are put on top of each other. Small bits are cut off or added to make exactly a thirty-five kilo brick. Cool. So here are now with finished products. Okay. So this is where the Wonka bars get shipped out. That's the job of a rubber factory is to convert the agricultural produce into an industrial material. Yeah, that's really cool. So as you would have figured out, right? We have two handovers which are relevant. Farmer handing over an agricultural produce to the factory. Factory handing over an industrial raw material to the maker of rubber products. Right, those are the two handover points where the baton passes to the next part of the value chain. Are you worried about leaf blight? Is that a serious concern? Everybody is always worried about leaf blight. - Okay. - Okay? Now that little bug hasn't made, found its way to South-east Asia. Look, maybe I'm too naive, or maybe I'm too emotionally invested in what I do to really think about that too much. But even if it came to South-east Asia, it would be cause for a cost explosion of rubber. But it sounds like that cost isn't factored into that current price. And then talking to rubber farmers, and they're saying in the last three years, the price they're getting for their latex has dropped dramatically. Tremendously. Help me understand why that is. Okay, to understand that, you really have to understand the history of rubber. Okay, so back in the day, there was a huge disconnect in terms of time, in terms of connectivity, being able to speak with one another between the origin and the consumer. So if you're a buyer, say you're a tyre maker, and I'm a seller, you wanna know that you can buy this product not just today from what I have in the warehouse, but you wanna have this product throughout the year. - Okay. - Because you depend on it. Okay. So in order to bridge that, they created a futures market, and the rubber was traded on a futures market. Can you explain what a futures market is? Okay, so a futures market is where a buyer and a seller agree to certain terms of price, of volume, of grades, of specification, of origin, basically everything which you'd find in a contract, for delivery at some point in the future. Okay. So if I was a producer and I agree to supply you tonnage at price, at date, you will buy from an American trader who had an office in New York, who had a subsidiary in Singapore, and he will transact either directly or through another layer of middle men with the original producer, i.e. me. Okay. And between us, we would guarantee that we would supply you what you want at the agreed price on the agreed date. So the futures market is a venue where, frankly speaking, I have very little say, if any. Even my customers don't have a say. If you speak to most of my customers, they will tell you that they want higher prices because they know the farmers are about to say enough, but neither of us who participate physically have control. We're gonna need to understand futures better. A futures contract is kinda like a concert ticket. Tickets could sell months before I actually perform. The contract is based on demand. I wouldn't charge $100 to see me in an arena if I didn't think I could sell it out. Girl, you are too humble. You can sell out the moon. Ooh, tour on the moon. Thank you, hype man. I sell these concert tickets way in advance because it minimises risk. I worked so hard on this upcoming tour. I wrote an entire new album. I choreographed all the background dancers all by myself. I mean, when I say it's dope as hell, it is dope as hell. So I need guarantees that I'm gonna get paid for that hard work. And my fans want guarantees that they're gonna be able to see it. I guarantee if I don't see this show, I'ma lose my shit, literally. It's just gonna open up and fall out. People are gonna be like, "What is that?" I don't know. So concert tickets are futures contracts, and scalpers are futures traders. Of course, due to market volatility, these scalpers can actually lose money, like if I decided to livestream my concert for free. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. You would literally break the internet. - We can't have that. - I hope I won't have to. But here's the worst part. Scalpers buy so many tickets that they control significant supply, which means they can set the price. And that is market manipulation. Your shows are market price. You're like the lobster on a menu. - Yeah, I am a lobster. - Go get them, girl. Hello, Cleveland. While I go get this money for the rest of these Meghan Trainor tickets. I got Meghan Trainor tickets. They're going fast. Show starts now. So who are the scalpers in the rubber industry? It's these guys, traders on the commodity futures markets. Futures traders buy up those contracts, speculating that over time, their value will increase. The trader's goal is to buy low, sell high and get rich by pocketing the difference. Singapore is one of the biggest financial hubs in the world. It's where thousands of commodities futures contracts are traded everyday. And one of the guys who used to trade those rubber contracts is Dar Wong. For 30 years, he worked for big investment companies and now travels around Asia, offering advice to struggling rubber farmers. If we need rubber so badly, if everybody in the world needs it... - Everybody needs some. - Clothes, glasses, wires. Yes. Why is the price so low? What actually influences the price volatility of the rubber is the global inflation and recession. - Okay. - For example, in 2013, rubber prices started to fall, and during this time, the Thailand government actually said that rubber prices are probably going through a short-term correction. But rubber prices actually did not recover, and it went down lower and lower and lower. Obviously, when the farmers started to realise that prices are going down they start to give up tapping. They said they want to chop it and remove the trees. I think that is something not very acceptable to the global rubber economy. So the farmer says the factory sets the price. But then the factory says the futures traders set the price. And the futures traders say global inflation and recession sets the price. Amidst all the finger pointing, how are the farmers supposed to survive any of this volatility? Wouldn't it be stupid of them to continue manufacturing rubber? We always encourage the farmers start to look for alternate incomes, keep the plantation alive, because the prices are moving on a cycle. There are up cycles, we have seen it. There are down cycles. And now we're still going in the down cycles. And after the down cycle finishes, the next up cycle will come. So it's a matter of price oscillation. Okay. Is leaf blight a real threat to rubber trees? I think... well... it is a real thing. However, I think we will leave this problem to the plant doctors. Because, you know, there is not really a remedy on this, but I think nothing is worse than... the farmers that want to chop it down. Because once you chop the trees, that's the end of the story. So you think the farmers are the greatest threat to the... Yes. Correct. The farmers are the greatest threat. When they start to give up in the business, in the industry, they refuse to tap, they want to chop it... or they just want to keep the plantation dormant. I think that is the biggest threat. As essential as rubber is, you'd think the market would do everything in its power to protect the supply. This is Ma Nui. She's a rubber farmer in Thailand and what Dar Wong refers to as the greatest threat. Cutting down her rubber trees in the hopes to eventually build a modest cottage for a better income is what she sees as her only option. Is it hard to make decisions like cutting down the trees? Or do you see it as just part of changes that have to happen? I don't have the money to change or grow other things. So, there is nothing else I can do. It doesn't matter what I think of doing, you know? I don't have the money to grow anything. I understand. Ma Nui exemplifies the plight of many rubber farmers. They're caught in the middle of a system that's more concerned with stopping them from destroying their trees than the loss of the entire rubber industry to leaf blight. Meanwhile, we're buying the latest running shoes with no clue that the whole system might run off a cliff at any moment. If disease and economic disaster won't make the markets act, are we just totally screwed? Will the spectacle of monster truck rallies go the way of pole sitting contests? The invisible hard of the free market may be turning a blind eye to the issue, but private industry is starting to take some baby steps to cover their assets. That takes us to the very last step in the rubber supply chain, a very important researcher named Carla in a tyre factory in Germany. Continental Corporation, one of the world's oldest and biggest automotive companies, is looking to develop mass quantities of an alternative kind of rubber. It smells like harvesting carrots, isn't it? Yeah, almost like an indica carrot sort of a smell. Huh. Continental has an annual revenue of nearly $50 billion at risk. - What is this made from? - From dandelion roots. Whoa. Taraxacum kok-saghyz. Continental is betting on the dandelion as a potential game changer in the rubber industry because unlike the rubber tree, dandelions are able to be grown annually in moderate climates and in soil that's not even suited for cultivation. Dandelions are resilient. Carla Recker is the one spearheading the effort, and she's all business. So how many trees, if you're using the traditional rubber trees, would it take for one tyre versus how many dandelions? A rubber tree approximately produces one to one and a half kilograms natural rubber per year. For one tyre? For the one tyre, you need almost two, two trees. And what about dandelions? It's not the plants which count there. It's just the acreage which is used for that, and our goal is to have the same yield per hectare in a year like a rubber plantation. Can you talk to me about the differences in how you source it? So I know that for a rubber tree, you tap the tree and the substance comes out. They collect it in cups. But what's it like with dandelions? You just tap the dandelion and... No, that will not work because where the natural rubber in a dandelion is is in the roots. - So that's, underneath the soil. - It's in the root. - It's under the... - It's in the root, yeah. Therefore, you need a process which works. Getting rubber from a dandelion isn't as simple as notching a tree. We're talking about thousands of plants that need to be cultivated, harvested, and then their rubber extracted through a complicated process involving both human and machine. So here are the dry roots. It's very brittle. And you can break it, and you see it still keeps together. And then between, in the slit, you can observe the very tiny strands of rubber which are inside. Continental has sunk significant capital into doing this. And that is what you have to separate out by such a process, and then you get this beautiful material. All in the hopes that this will pay off. You've already made tyres out of dandelions, right? Right. Is there anything you're worried about in this process? Oh, you can worry about a lot of things being in that process because we always are faced with problems every year. You have too much rain, too less rain. So you have all to handle this kind of agricultural risk, which a farmer does every year. But we have to learn that because we are a rubber company and not a farming company. How did Continental decide to invest in dandelion rubber? Was that you? I convinced the company to do so. How do you convince a huge global conglomerate to invest in flower rubber? Yeah, you have to be, on the one hand side, enthusiastic, but you have to have reasons for being so. The future of natural rubber is essential for us because the demand is still growing, like the tyre market is growing and expected to grow. And that's the reason why we have to secure your own supply, and therefore, we have to start now. Do you have a nickname here? Some people call me - or Miss Dandelion. - Miss Dandelion? That's cool. It's not very much used. We have Taraxacum tyres here, the blossoms of the Taraxacum here, and the seats. This is the logo, how it looks like when it's on a tyre itself. - So whenever you see that... - That's what that is, yeah. At a future time in the market, then it is a Taraxacum tyre. Oh, that's exciting. I was reading that you guys are within five to 10 years of being able to produce this industrially. - Is that on track? - That's what we are, working on, but we have still a long way to go until we will be successful into having that industrialised. So I will not say that we will have solved the rubber crisis for the whole world, but if we don't start now, we will never be able to solve that problem. Since markets don't seem like they'll save us and there's no massive global collective action to cure leaf blight... - Hi. - Hey. Maybe dandelions are the future lifeblood of the global economy. We're betting that the success of a few scientists can create a global market for these small yellow flowers in time to prevent a calamity. Let's keep our fingers crossed that we will be saved by another cycle of capitalism, continually spinning round and round like, like... I wish I could come up with a handy metaphor for this. Hopefully, things will turn out okay. Maybe the rubber industry can be saved and we can continue to wear shoes, eat food, and enjoy Monster Jam. But we'd better buckle up, because it might be a bumpy ride. - Mark. - Hey, if you buy them, you can take the records too. I'm not... That's an armrest I'm sitting on. I overshot that chair. My apologies. Fuck. Where do I start? I tell you what. I guarantee, if I don't see this show, I'ma lose my shit. I'm talking about onto the floor. It's gonna be not good for anybody. Literally, splat. I will lose my shit. I'm gonna have to start wearing a diaper. That's crazy. Did you shit on the floor? Who did that? My bad, I'm sorry. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 