This Giant Beast That is the Global Economy: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 This Giant Beast That is the Global Economy 
 s1e5 - Counterfeiting Kills Economies (And Helps Them Too) - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 This Giant Beast That is the Global Economy (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Counterfeiting Kills Economies (And Helps Them Too) - full transcript 
 Kal meets those in the fight against fakes, trying to save industries from the threat of bogus goods and terrorism. But he also learns that a symbiotic relationship between copycats and creators might be what lets economies thrive. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Fakes. Phonies. They're everywhere. Some are easy to spot. Some took us a little longer to figure out. - From our currency. - This dude looks like me. To our gadgets. From our medicine, to the logoed merchandise we wear, fakes siphon off billions of dollars a year from the global economy. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's their uncanny ability to effectively imitate the real thing that gives them their power. They can undermine multi-million-dollar brands, destroy trust in governments, and pay for some really bad shit. Terrorists can use counterfeits to fund their attack. Holy shit. How do the fakers get away with it? We're about to find out. Yeah, this is counterfeit, just like your mum. What? Whether you like it or not, we're all connected by money. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'm Kal Penn, exploring this giant beast that is the global economy. ♪ Gimme that money ♪ ♪ Gi-gi-gimme that money ♪ ♪ Gimme that money ♪ ♪ Gimme that that money ♪ Money, we use it to pay our debts, spend it to buy good times, and save it for rainy days, but in the US, counterfeit money has been circulating almost as long as real money has. So, who protects our currency when counterfeiters are targeting our dead presidents? I'm in our nation's capital to find out. Welcome to Secret Service headquarters. Thank you. This building has every major division the Secret Service operates in. That would explain all the stairs. Meet Secret Service agent Trent Everett. This is what they look like without sunglasses and earpieces. A lot of people don't know that the Secret Service goes after counterfeit currency. Everybody always thinks of, well, you guys protect the president and the first family. So, the reason the Secret Service came about was, at the end of the Civil War it was reported that about 1/3 to 1/2 of all currency out in circulation - was counterfeit. - Wow, that much? That much. So, on April 14th, 1865, President Abraham Lincoln began drafting up the idea to create the Secret Service. So, later that evening, with the legislation drawn out on his desk to create the Secret Service is when Abraham Lincoln left the White House for Ford's Theatre, where he ultimately was assassinated by John Wilkes Booth. Whoa. At the time of the Civil War, the US had no single currency. Banks could issue any dollar amount in any style. This made counterfeiting an easy game to play. A glut of fake bills quickly led to inflation. The price of a pound of tea ballooned to $35, while a barrel of flour could cost you 1,000. This led to the first real move by the US to take on counterfeiting. This next part I think you'll enjoy. I'm gonna have you meet one of my co-workers, Irina, who's one of our document analysts. Welcome to Criminal, Investigative Division. Thank you. I'm going to take you into the specimen library, and take a look at the actual counterfeit collection the Secret Service has here on site. We're looking at money. Irina Geiman's job is to make sure our nation's currency systems are protected. Secret Service sees about 2 1/2 million pieces of counterfeit currency a year. When it comes to money, Irina means business. So, I have a couple of different counterfeits laid out, then also I have two genuines. So, for example, these are all real. - You're welcome to hold them. - Thank you. - Thank you so much. - No, no, no, no, buddy. - I appreciate, no? - I really cannot do that. Since the birth of the Secret Service, America has been in a race against counterfeiters, to protect our money and the trust Americans have in it. So, here's some security features that's kind of really easy to remember. So, for example, if we take a look at it in transmitted light, we can actually see that there are images that's built into the paper. There is an image of, a large five right there. Oh cool, yeah. Yeah, and then three little fives to the left, and there's actually, there is a little skinny strip to the right of the portrait. Yeah, that's cool. Our 100 also has an additional feature. We call it a 3D motion ribbon. If you tilt the note away from you and back, the images move up and down. This is why, when you're a huge baller, and you go to the store, the person goes like this. - Oh yeah, yeah. - Before telling you that they don't accept hundreds anyway. So here's some other counterfeits that we've been seeing quite a bit. Is there anything about them that catches your eye? Okay. Even Ben Franklin looks unconvinced by this one. This one looks like Grant just found out how many Confederate statues there are. Wait a minute. This dude looks like me more than he looks like Abraham Lincoln. A huge part of what Secret Service does is education. We do a lot of outreach, and really travel around the globe, and teach people, how do you recognise genuine currency? As counterfeiters get more high-tech, the US has had to innovate new security features to ensure its money is as counterfeit-proof as possible. Without their efforts, the country could be overrun by counterfeiting masterminds looking to destroy an economy. Greetings, world citizens. I am The Counterfeiter. I destabilise world governments. Not with nuclear warheads, but with a simple copy machine. I can cause inflation with the touch of button. Doubt me? Why don't you ask Yugoslavia? Oh, that's right: they no longer exist. Counterfeit bills crippled Yugoslavia's economy in the midst of civil war. You're no match for me, Milosevic. Villains with shrink rays are so small-minded. I shrink the value of the bills in your wallet simply by making my own. Bombs are so primitive. Dropping bills could do just as much damage. If not, why did Hitler make fake British pounds during World War II? The Bank of England had to withdraw all notes over five pounds. I target cash-based economies, hurting the poorest people on Earth. If you can find someone worse than me, I'd like to meet them, so I can copy them for mass production. Freeze, you counterfeiter. It's The Counterfeiter. Copy Cat, attack. Oh, Copy Cat. Wish I'd never had you cloned. Time for you to be brought to justice, The Counterfeiter. What? Where'd he go? You fool, I'm everywhere, especially cash-based economies. India, it's a country of over 1.3 billion, and most of their financial transactions are done in cash, making it especially vulnerable to the destabilising effects of counterfeiting. What can I do with these old currency notes? Sir, you can't buy anything with that, it has no value. No one will accept these? No. Indian government has voided them. What can I do with them? You can tear them up. You can't even buy anything worth a rupee with these, he says. Why did stacks and stacks of India's currency suddenly become worthless? In 2015, India experienced an alarming rise in counterfeit rupees, primarily the 500 and 1,000-rupee denominations. Much of it had been intentionally pumped in from Pakistan, looking to disrupt India's economy. So, in 2016, in a move that shocked the nation, the prime minister of the country took steps to protect India's currency. Enemies from across the border have run their operations using fake currency notes. Fake currency, fake notes, and terrorism. To break the grip of corruption and black money, we have decided that the 500 rupee and 1000 rupee currency notes presently in use will no longer be legal tender from midnight tonight. What the prime minister did is called demonetisation. It isn't a new concept. In the past, countries used it specifically to fight inflation or tax dodgers, but not to battle counterfeiters. And there is no need for panic. To help you understand how it works, imagine if, tonight, the US government told you your 20s, 50s, and $100 bills were no longer any good. That's exactly what happened to over 85% of the currency in India. The prime minister was looking to protect India's economy from the bogus bills by throwing out the good ones with the bad, but it led to unintended consequences. Gargi Bhattacharjee is a financial analyst who had a ringside seat for the 2016 demonetisation, and the impact it had on the Indian people. How did demonetisation affect all these guys? I think hugely. All these guys you see around, they're all paid in cash. You probably will not be able to pay them in check because, end of the day, it holds no value to them. So, how did you hear about demonetisation? How did it first sort of take hold? It was on TV. 8 o'clock news. Suddenly, there was Narendra Modi speaking, the Prime Minister. And he was talking about some notes that are no more in existence from that point of time. The reason that was given was that counterfeit money needs to be stopped. And slowly after half an hour, 45 minutes, I saw a serpentine queuing up happening in all the ATMs. Because they were not understanding what was happening. It was a mayhem. The country was not ready to take on the move the prime minister had mandated. Updated currency was printed, but the ATMs... in India quickly ran out of the new bills, and some of them didn't even fit into the bank machines. There were deaths which happened because of this, because suddenly a person in the middle of nowhere, he... he was bankrupt. Farmers have died, labourers have died, because they did not have money to follow through. What do they eat? How do they feed their children? So, people have died because of this. Of course. Demonetisation led into so many other things apart from putting the focus only on counterfeit money. So why did this take place? I mean, India has incredibly talented economists. Who were the folks who were advising the prime minister? Why was this such a drastic measure? It is said there were about eight to ten people who knew about demonetisation, but this person named Mr Anil Bokil, apparently he introduced this idea to the Prime Minister. But it did not go the way it was introduced. This is Anil Bokil, known locally as Guru Uncle. He claims to be on a mission to save the economy of India. He put together a theory that India's financial crisis could be solved by demonetisation, and to lend credibility to his theory, he did what everyone else does: he built a PowerPoint. Guru Uncle presented this PowerPoint, pushing the benefits of demonetisation across all of India. Eventually, he managed to secure himself a nine-minute meeting with soon-to-be Prime Minister Modi. Modi decided he liked what he heard, despite the fact that Guru Uncle isn't an economist, isn't a member of government, and has no background in policy-making whatsoever. Hey. I'm meeting with Guru Uncle and his think-tank-slash-entourage, known as ArthaKranti. His tiny group has managed to influence a great deal of India's economic thinking. Hi guys, how are you? - Hello. - Hello. I've worked here before. I was not able to get to India - in the amount of time... - Ah, so you lost it. Yeah, all of this. It's worth almost $400 US dollars. It is not. - It's, it's... - It's worth nothing. It is not backed by any gold standard or anything. - So, I'm screwed. - Yeah. Okay, so the implementation of demonetisation and this economic restructuring, how does this all tie into counterfeit currency? Money in India is a very raw state. We are using more currency than digital money. Digital money is an advanced state of money, which is accountable. But when you follow the cash practise or currency practise, you'll not get any footprints behind after every transaction. So counterfeit was a major thing to be addressed. And how was it addressed, and what was the difference between your proposal for demonetisation and the reality in which it was implemented by the Modi government? So we were never expecting 86% of our value, in one go, demonetised. What we proposed, you just withdraw 1000 rupees bill. After 6 months, you can go for 500 bills. But what happened actually was a complete cut off solution. So that created a lot of pain in our society. But the operation was required. If a country has to go this far to battle counterfeit money and save its economy, the upside had better be substantial. It's a lot to absorb, so I'm meeting with a local business owner to find out more, and take a bit of the stress off. - Vikash. - Hi. Vikash Kapur runs an Indian production company that has experienced the effects of demonetisation first-hand. And how does he feel about the prime minister's changes? I think the way he did it was the way to do it. And it takes guts to tell 1.3 billion people that your money is useless. I mean, if I was in his place, I would have done the same thing, because I have encountered counterfeit notes. What happens is that when you deposit counterfeit currency into the bank, they have, I mean, you don't know, but when you're depositing it, they have the machines to check. And if they find a fake note, they just tell you that it's fake and you lose that money. - You do lose it. - You do lose that money, yes. So the whole demonetisation and all of that, when all of that happened, there were just so many stories that unfolded. And that's when the real truth came out that there's actually so much counterfeit money, you know, which has made its way into the system, into the country. What were some of the challenges that you saw below sort of that middle-class economic strata? It was a painful period. We had to stand in line, we had to stand in queues. People had to take off from their jobs. It was tough. But then I look at the bigger picture. I mean, ever since this has happened, I know that the number of taxpayers has doubled. Are you saying that the reason people are paying more taxes is because they were forced to open bank accounts, and there's now a track record of what they're making? Exactly. Exactly. And it's been made simple. There are online, you know, payments. Opening bank accounts right down into the villages. And that also helps people understand the economy. It educates them. They get educated in how to, you know, really deal in the real world. The hardship that people felt in different economic classes, you're acknowledging that it was tough, but you're also acknowledging it just had to happen because there's no other way to have gotten rid of... I am. Oh, yes, definitely am. I am acknowledging it. Because I think it was overdue. Because when all of that happens, it helps the government do more. You know, better medical benefits, you know, better infrastructure, better roadways, better schools. If the government has money, they can pay better wages, you get better teachers... Kids start going to public schools. Everything grows. So all these things, they keep adding up, which I think is great, and which is what I think is required for the country. So after all this effort, where is India now? Is counterfeiting no longer a problem? Well, not exactly. Turns out those new notes are already being successfully counterfeited. So, could India have handled the problem differently? Confronted with their own counterfeiting problem, the European Union took a different approach, and attempted to make fake bills easier for everyone to spot. This is cool. This is a neuroscientist's office. - Lair. Yeah, exactly, yeah. - Lair. David Eagleman is a neuroscience professor at Stanford University, and his lab appears to be the secret headquarters of SkyMall. In 2013, he was recruited by the European Central Bank to design a bill resistant to counterfeiting, drawing on his knowledge of sensory substitution and brain plasticity. So, we're sure to have a lot in common. You're a neuroscientist. How the heck does a neuroscientist get involved in designing currency? Well, a big part about understanding counterfeiting is understanding what people actually see and what they don't see. So, governments spend a lot of money putting in security features that we don't typically see unless we really attend to it. Oh, interesting, okay. Yeah, so what the, European Central Bank did is they had a campaign where they tried to get people to look at money, where they said, hey, instead of just passing a bill along, stop, and look at it, and really pay attention to it. And it turns out that didn't work, because if someone passes me a counterfeit 50, I don't know if it's counterfeit, and if I pass it on, and it works, then it doesn't even matter to me, as a citizen. So, what they're trying to figure out is, how can we better design the bill? So, that's how they came to look at neuroscience. Okay, and what were your recommendations? What did they end up doing? So, I gave a few different recommendations. The first one was, all the money should be made the same size in Europe. - The reason being... - Oh because their bills are... Exactly, bills are different sizes, and if it's the same size, it forces you to actually look at it for a fraction of a second longer to detect obvious differences. Whereas, if it's different sizes, you already feel like you know what it is, and you're passing it on. The second thing was, what they have is the watermark on the bills is a building, and it turns out that we don't have too much neural real estate devoted to recognising what's going on with buildings. We have a lot devoted to recognising what's going on with faces, and it turns out that with watermarks, that's the hardest part of a bill to counterfeit. So, what they ended up doing was putting in a watermark of Europa, the mythical figure. My third recommendation was, there's so much on a bill that's distracting, that has nothing to do with the security features of a bill. So, here's what I'd like you to do. So, take this bill and look at it for five seconds. Okay, yup. And then hand it back to me, and I'm gonna give you a new one, and you tell me what the difference is there. I couldn't tell you the difference. Okay, this illustrates the point that the more stuff that you're putting on a bill, the harder it is for you to detect obvious differences. These bills are actually quite different from one another. If you look at the hologram on them, which is the single security feature that the government is paying a lot of money for. Oh wow, that's super-subtle. It's super-subtle, and here's the thing, right, because of all this other stuff on there, it's hard for you to see that. This is, yeah, wow. So, I said, what you really want is just a completely blank bill with a single hologram in the middle, and get rid of all the other stuff that's a distraction. I see what you're saying, where the simplicity is something that the consumer can be able to vet pretty quickly. Exactly, so the European Union thought that was a very good suggestion, but they decided they just couldn't do that in the end, because countries look regal by having beautiful money, and they look important that way, and so you can't have, they decided, a bill that's just blank with a hologram in it, even though that would make more sense. So, there's a little bit of vanity associated with what governments want on their currency. They want branding. Yeah, exactly right. It's crazy to think that vanity helps put a nation's currency at risk, but I guess it makes sense. I mean, sure, we all wanna look good, but we don't all have the money to do it. That's where counterfeit brands come in. Those brands that we know, love, and even wear on our bodies, are being counterfeited all around the world. For example, a real Hermes bag could cost over $100,000, but you could snag a counterfeit version for a few hundred bucks. This is how counterfeits steal away $460 billion from legitimate companies every year. Hong Kong is a global financial hub, and due to its proximity to China, where copyright laws are rarely enforced, Hong Kong is the marketplace for nearly 25% of the world's counterfeit goods. So, what's real, and what's fake, and who's doing something about it? Those are the questions I'm here to get answered. So, Kal, this is the ladies market in Hong Kong. We're gonna walk through, and we're gonna see a lot of people from all around the world who come here to buy a lot of fake product. All of this traffic is driven by demand, let's say from the US. Ted Kavowras, a former New York policeman, is now an international counterfeit crime-fighter. He's hired by global brands who suspect their products are being counterfeited. If you're running an anti-counterfeiting effort, as a country, or as a police, or even as a company, you need to attack at all different stratas. So, attacking it at the point of sale is one of the policies to try to stop counterfeiting. So these Paul Frank headphones, right? 100% fake. - So, these are obviously fakes? - Yeah. Here's Star Wars, and Spiderman, and... Marvel, the comic books that are turned into movies. My Little Pony. This market is where a tourist would come to buy one or two products, but big buyers from overseas would go straight to the factory. What do you mean by big buyers? Big buyers buy container and sell it in their home market. - A shipping container. - Yeah, 20, 40-foot container. Oh, so a big buyer is buying an entire shipping container worth of this stuff. Lots of them. So, my focus is to - I see. - Stop the factory from producing it so it ends up here. Ted operates out of his Hong Kong office, chock-full of the counterfeits he's seized, mixed in with an international-man-of-mystery vibe. Engaging them in getting evidence of their activities is exactly what we do, and we do that by posing as a foreign buyer, and that involves us going undercover and document what they're actually doing. - That is so cool. - You know, so I'll play an Arabian prince, or a Mexican drug dealer, or I'll just play a businessman, I mean... I'm now intrigued, because I feel like, once I have to retire from acting, - You do my kind of acting. - I can come here. You can hire me to go undercover. So, what's the most interesting thing you guys have seized? Probably the most interesting would be the drug-testing kits. They have fake, you know, anatomical part of you that will let you take a urine test. So, like a fake dick that pees. Yeah, and they were being counterfeited. Wait-wait-wait-wait-wait, wait, so there's a real version of this, - Oh yeah. - But this is a bootleg version. Yeah. So the people who manufacture this, it was cutting into their profits enough? Yeah. Must be pretty embarrassing if someone finds out you have a fake fake penis, but there are counterfeit products - that pose an actual danger. - What are those? These are fake electrical switches. Oh, no way. Fake meaning they won't work, or they're just a lower quality? No, there are factories that make fake ones, and they put less aluminium in the copper for conductivity, but the problem with that is, if there's less copper and more aluminium, it catches fire easily. - Oh man. - So that's a big safety issue. Where do things like this end up? Who buys them? Let's say you're a contractor in construction. Would that person know they're buying dangerous fakes? The consumer, or the end user would not know. A switch like that, that could light a building on fire while a kid's sleeping, when you've talked to these people, is there an understanding of what they're doing and they just don't care, or do they... - They don't care. - They don't care. They know. How could you not know? They're willing to do this, and not care about other people. Wow, this is getting pretty dark, and a little bit scary. Counterfeiters aren't just low-level thugs hanging out on the streets. Their operations are way more complex than I realised. If only I had an expert who could fill me in on just how dark this crime gets. Ah. Alastair Grey has been an intellectual property investigator for over a decade. He says the Internet is the next frontier for counterfeits and ripoffs. What we're seeing on that street level is just one layer of where this all stops, and that's the very endpoint that consumers see, but it's shifted. I think more transactions are being done online now. The Internet is like a Wild West. I never thought about the online component before. Is that how a lot of people get the stuff? Yeah, it's almost an evolution of counterfeiting, where it's almost a shifting to brand abuse. So, if you're a brand, and you're selling popular products, counterfeiters now will spoof genuine sites, and they'll take imagery from an official company site and have all the logos and everything just feels legit, and so you'll have people looking for a bargain, and they'll be the ones that are actually tricked into buying counterfeit. How many people involved in that crime know what they're doing? So, the web developers, the people who work there, do they think they're working for a legitimate company, or do they think they're, do they know they're working for this criminal? It can be both. I mean, there was an amazing story where there was a whole Apple Store in China that wasn't an Apple Store. - Come on. - Yeah. Really? And everyone was in Genius T-shirt, they're like fully branded. Employees of that store thought they were working for Apple. - That's crazy. - Yeah. Counterfeiting is affecting every different industry. There are 700,000 deaths per year attributed to counterfeit medicine. Wow. And that's where, it gets really scary. You're playing with people's lives. If people are gonna buy that thinking it works, and it doesn't, then it's game over. What are some others that impact public safety? It's been proven that terrorists can use counterfeits - to fund their attacks. - Wow. The Paris attacks in January 2015. Cherif Kouachi, he bought counterfeits online in China, and then was selling it on a market in Paris, and managed to make between 30 and 50,000 euros, which he then used to fund trips to Oman and Yemen to get training from al-Qaeda. Holy shit, so the Paris attacks were directly funded by people buying counterfeit T-shirts and products. - Yeah. - That's bananas. That's really sad. The return on investment is amazing. If you produce a T-shirt for less than a dollar, and then you get a brand label, and you can put it on it, I mean, your markup can be huge if you can sell if for like 400 times that. Yeah. And very few, counterfeiting crimes - end up in a prison sentence. - Yeah. Most examples, you'll get a small fine, and then you're pretty much ready to set up and start doing it again, because, I mean, why wouldn't you, if you can make so much returns? I knew exploring counterfeiting might lead me into a criminal underworld, but I was hoping it would be like the fun Fast and Furious kind of criminal underworld, with fast machines, and cool nicknames, and shit. Oh wait, my next meeting's with a guy named... Trappy. That's not suspicious. And it's in this remote paper warehouse that looks like a haunted Dunder Mifflin. What is this place? Is it a drone-racing track, or is it a paper warehouse? - Well... - Both, I guess. During the week it's a paper warehouse, and on the weekends we build our racetracks here. Whoa. We have video goggles, so we see through the perspective of the drone. The drone is an extension of yourself, and you're navigating through any kind of environment. Oh. Oh, that was a mid-air. He's fine. Trappy doesn't just race drones at his buddy's warehouse on weekends. He's also the owner of Team BlackSheep, which produces a wide range of drone components and accessories for the hobbyist market. The problem is the drone industry is very susceptible to counterfeit. Trappy's company isn't big enough to hire someone like Ted Kavowras, so how does he stay ahead of the counterfeiters? Company of our size, especially in the market that we're in, there is just no business case of actually enforcing patents, or even having patents, because by the time you get granted a patent, the product is already out of date and off the shelves. What are the different types of counterfeiting that you deal with? We differentiate between three types of people. You'll have the straight-out counterfeiters, who'll produce something that looks exactly like your product with your brand on it. Then you will have the cloners. They will make something that looks like your product, but put their own brand on it. And then copycats basically re-engineer your product, so they will take apart your product, figure out the technology that went into it, the R and D, all of the innovations that we put into it, and apply that to their own product. Usually it takes maybe six months for a serious copy to be released to the market, but that time has been decreasing rapidly as well, so that they're catching up, - So it's... - Hurt you? What are the parts of it that... The real damage comes from copycats, who take most of the innovation without actually having to pay for the R and D, and then they're at liberty to price it a lot lower, - and we have to follow suit. - How do you combat that? We're very creative in the way that we combat the issues. - Okay. - When we do get copied, we try to bring out new innovations that then restart the whole cycle. For example, this product right here, this is a remote-control link, and it goes up to 100 kilometres. It's a highly innovative product that we developed. It's very R and D intensive. We had an RF specialist work on that for over two years, and the copy of that is now selling at cost. But two years ago we anticipated this move, and we have hidden features that are yet to be unlocked. Cool. So over time, we keep, releasing new innovations that are already in the product, basically forcing all the people that went with the copycats to repurchase, which makes it more expensive for them in the long run, and then eventually they usually see the light and buy the real stuff. The drone market is flying forward with awesome new technology they wouldn't have had to innovate if it hadn't been for copycats. It's hard to believe that innovators and copycats are helping each other, but it's as much a part of the natural economy as, well, nature. The relationship of inventors and copycats is tantamount to to that of hunter and scavenger. God, I'm strong. I'm the best at murdering your kind. They have evolved to have a symbiotic relationship, even if sometimes contentious. No way. Look at this thing. This looks awesome. You kidding me? Whoa, whoa, fuck off, vulture. Fuck off. This equilibrium is maintained in the economy by intellectual property protections known as patents. I own the rights to this kill. I own them, so back off. Okay, all right, I get it, I get it. So, I don't get any fresh meat. I got to wait till it's rotten like a second-class citizen. Yeah, that's exactly right. Okay. The hunter, like the inventor, Oh, that's tender. Is rewarded for its hard work with a temporary monopoly. Oh, oh yeah. Oh, that's the stuff. When it can exclusively devour the spoils of its innovation. Come on, man, time's up. It's my turn to have some. No. Oh, my eyes. This right here is mine, this whole thing, and I'm gonna have some tomorrow, and then I'm gonna have some the day after that, thanks to my extra protection here. Stop it. - I'm in no rush. - My beak. I might take a little nap, as a matter of fact. This is how innovation is discouraged when patent protection is too strong. The inventor isn't as motivated to hunt for the next breakthrough. But if there were no protection at all, scavengers would move right in. Get in there, guys. Feast upon the carcass. Oh, what? - Come on. - Oh, yeah. This is where scavenger moves from harmless mooch to deadly parasite. - It's vulture time. - If the hunter is not able to reap the benefits of its work... That's just so gross. It does not have the resources to hunt the next beast, just like when inventors don't make money off their products they lack the funding for research and development of the next big innovation. Do you know how long I was crouching in the bushes, stalking this thing? You deformed turkey. - Hey, whoa. - Hey, whoa. Nature, like economics, can be harsh. You know what? Ow, ow, I'm out. Good luck hunting antelope on your own from now on. Fine. In this scenario, without the hunter to provide the banquet that sustains the ecosystem, both of them will die. Their loose skin will be stripped off their emaciated carcasses, and if they're lucky turned into coats. - Whoa. - Yeah, we... We can hear you. That is not cool. Sorry. You know, out of respect, I would never wear you. Thank you, and I would never wear you. - Thank you. - Yeah. - Hope you've learnt something. - Yeah, have a good one. You too, man. See you later. The freedom to copy other people's ideas is a necessary part of innovation. Some industries thrive in an environment where copycats and inventors live in harmony. The ones that really play it right could end up making money like it's going out of fashion. The wonderful thing about knockoffs, for the luxury designer, is that it's kinda like a gateway drug. You know, you get a little puff, and you get excited about the brand. You wear the knockoff. You think, wow, I'd really like a real Gucci, and so that's the heroin of fashion addiction. Johanna Blakley runs a media-focused think tank which has explored intellectual property laws in the US and their impact on innovation. What's the difference between a knockoff and a counterfeit? Well, a knockoff is a perfectly legal thing in the fashion industry, and it means that somebody has based another design on somebody else's design, so nobody owns any of that stuff. What people do own in the fashion industry, and I think this is a really good thing for the business, is they own their name. They own the registered trademark, the brand. Interesting. One reason that you see these really expensive bags just laden with logos is because that's what knockoff artists cannot copy. - Okay, got it. - So, if the logo is intrinsic to the design of the dress, it's really hard to copy that, and so that allows consumers to understand what they're purchasing, which is a good thing. People should know. They're making an informed decision. Okay, so I see what you're saying. So, if a high-end brand is selling a handbag for, I don't know, how much are handbags? - Obscene. - Okay. - Obscene prices. - Thousands? - Oh yeah. - All right, $10,000 - for a bag? - Oh, yeah. - Is that? - Oh, more. - Really, that's normal? - Oh, yeah. - More? - Go to Barneys. - No. - No, no, no. It'll take your breath away. Okay, so let's say $10,000 for a bag, and then other people make a similar bag, but it's missing the logo. - That's totally okay. - Totally okay, and it's because fashion designs are utilitarian articles. Okay. And because they serve a utilitarian purpose, they are not qualified for copyright protection. - Okay. - Which is so ironic, because we think of fashion as being very fanciful, and fun, and totally unnecessary. We kind of forget that underlying purpose, which is to cover naked bodies. Right, and what's the benefit of that? That's precisely because there is no copyright protection that fashion has elevated itself to an art form. There's a huge structure of incentives that get built into an industry where you can be ripped off at any moment. It's become a science to rip off these luxury designers, and of course they complain about it, but ultimately, when a look is knocked off, that means you're a trendsetter. You've been knocked off. It means you tapped into the zeitgeist. You get it. Crown is yours. Okay. But that means that trendsetters have got to get the hell out of there. They've got to get, the next new thing. It's not cool any more. Oh, no, they want... They cannot be part of the herd. No, no, no. - Okay. - And what's really interesting is that there's quite a few other industries that cannot be copyright protected. Cuisine: chefs do not own their recipes. Furniture: because they're utilitarian objects, even the most famous designers don't own the design. Comedians, too. Comedians develop signature styles because they don't own their jokes. The ironic thing is that's just really good for business. When you're constantly creating this desire for new products, that's really good in a capitalist economy. Masterful innovation could mean a great new idea or an innovative way to steal someone else's, and if there's one town that is known for taking a single original idea and creatively spinning it off forever, it's Tinseltown. Here we go, in the bowels of the asylum, so... Oh, wow. Welcome to Asylum Studios, celebrated for their most famous creation, Sharknado. You might recognise this bad boy. He was the shark that burned up in Sharknado 3 as it was entering orbit. Because the shark didn't survive. - Poor guy. - But, tragedy. While there are six Sharknadoes, David Latt and his partner Paul Bales actually built their empire on what are called mockbusters, with over 250 movies produced, these guys generate more than $30 million a year. You did Thor? Well, we did, that version of Thor, the public domain version of Thor. Oh, interesting. I didn't realise. Yeah, I didn't realise Thor was... Well, neither do they. Anyway, so over here... In fact, the less you're sure what movie you're watching, the more successful they are. You guys are known for making mockbusters. Can you talk about what they are? I love that term. Is that the right term? That's the right term. That's trademarked and everything, so... Which is true, so if anybody tries to steal it, you know... Mockbusting is basically drafting off what the studios are doing at any given time. So, if there's a film about giant transforming robots called Transformers, we're gonna probably make Transmorphers. Move out. Roll the team back down to the drop left corner. - Get the hell out of there. - No. You mentioned drafting, that big studios do. What is drafting? Drafting, it's a kinder, more gentle word that the studios have used for decades, that basically is the same thing as mockbusting. They're looking to see what, if I'm Paramount, they're looking at Warner Bros., Universal, going wow, they're making a Star Wars movie coming out. I better make another space movie in order to capitalise, because there's gonna be so much publicity and press around that. Many years ago, Da Vinci Code came out, and we released a film called The Da Vinci Treasure. Did the studio have a problem with either your version of the Da Vinci Code... I don't think they liked their version of it. Yes, but it really didn't have anything to do with the content. It was marketing. It was a studio saying, the A in your font is too close to the A in our font, and we'd simply change the font, and the movie went out as planned. The film business regularly sees remarkably similar stories succeeding big in the marketplace. In 1998, Earth was almost destroyed by flying rocks from space. Twice. First came Deep Impact, and two months later, Armageddon. And for you younger nerds, just replace these two movies with The Avengers and Justice League. My interest in this is a little bit selfish, because I'm an actor, right? And I don't like people who actually pirate our movies, right? You know, the first DVD pressing of Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle made like $50 million. I think that's... if I'm remembering that right, but then people just download it for free illegally. That was just money that was lost. On the flip side, there's like a porn parody Harold & Kumar Escape From Guantanamo Bay that I think is fantastic, because they changed just enough of it that it was clear what they meant. I think it's called Farold & Fubar or something. Where is that line, in terms of intellectual property? How do you make sure that you're not violating IP law, but still managing to capitalise on what you think the audience actually wants? I think you have to have an understanding of what piracy is, as opposed to mockbusting or drafting. If you're downloading Transformers, or Transmorphers, illegally, without paying for the privilege of watching it, then you are stealing. The difference that we're doing is that we're making a movie about robots, okay, and we're not stealing the content. We're not stealing the stars. Mark Wahlberg is not in our movie. We have, you know, Mark Stahlberg. And... - No, that's the porn version. - That is the porn version. No one is going to nominate The Da Vinci Treasure for an Oscar, but there are examples of how copying actually leads to innovations that transmorph an industry forward, instead of holding it back. Think about prescription meds. The FDA grants patents on new medicines so companies can make money developing them. But when the patent is up, generic versions arrive, allowing more competition and much lower prices, and generic brands at your supermarket may have the exact same ingredients as name brands, but cost much less because of things like lack of promotion and no flashy packaging. If an economy can nail the balance between protecting IP and allowing copycatters to drive innovation, or simply being able to deliver goods at a better price, then it seems counterfeiting does have a role to play, even if it's not the hero. Sometimes counterfeits lead to innovation, sometimes they lead to some dark shit, and sometimes they just lead to this. But the cinematic geniuses who made this work of art wouldn't let us show it to you, so we respected their intellectual property and made our own version. Whoo. Act-ing. Yeah. Yeah, fuck, oh, fuck. I like to check out the meat before I eat. Oh, this is... This is shitty meat. This is unbelievable. Do you know how long I was crouching in the bushes, stalking this thing like a pervert? Yeah, well you're certainly dressed like one. How dare you? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 