This Giant Beast That is the Global Economy: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 This Giant Beast That is the Global Economy 
 s1e7 - Is Money Bullshit? - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 This Giant Beast That is the Global Economy (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Is Money Bullshit? - full transcript 
 What is money, really? Kal Penn navigates a return to the barter system, the politics of the gold standard and the logic of fiat currency. He also untangles complexities of cryptocurrency and learns how to survive an economic apocalypse. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This thing we call the global economy has been around for a long time. Here, we see early traders trying to settle on a price for, I'm gonna say, clubs? Things got only slightly more civilised when we invented something called money. Now, I know you may think you know what money is, but do you? We spend all our lives trying to get it, but what has inspired such divine faith in a piece of paper? Is it intrinsically valuable? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Or is it all just a big lie, like when your kid gives you a coupon for a back rub. The secret behind money is the big mystery at the centre of the global economy. We all use it every day, but have you ever stopped and asked why this doesn't represent money, but this does? Or even? Whether you like it or not, we're all connected by money. I'm Kal Penn, exploring this giant beast that is the global economy. What if you didn't trust anyone? What if you thought believing in money was dangerous? So dangerous that you were sure 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 it would eventually get you killed. Then you might be like preparedness experts Jane and Rick Austin. They've built this isolated hidden compound to get ready for a worldwide financial collapse. When we have a total financial breakdown, people's first concern is gonna be eating. 80% of the population will be dead in two months. People will literally be killing each other and eating each other for food. So the people that'll be left, the 20% will be people like us that grow our own, and the really, really, really bad psychopaths. And you're prepared... We're prepared for whatever happens, however it happens. Rick and Jane left everyone else behind to grow and raise everything they need to survive. If the shit goes down, they are ready to go off-grid and be entirely self-sufficient. This is the secret garden of survival. I call it the secret garden of survival because everything is really kinda camouflaged. Most people wouldn't know what food is unless it had a label and it was in a package. If you looked down here, you'd just kinda look and say, well, this property is abandoned, there's nobody here, nothing to see here, go on to something else. Oh, so it's designed that way purposely? It's designed that way, yeah. In a grid down situation, money isn't gonna buy you any food when there's no food to buy. Everything we have here is our currency. Was the desire to do this because of a lack of trust in what the dollar is? Yes. It's only worth what people think it's worth. And at some point, it may not be worth anything. What drove Rick and Jane to this life? What made them give up restaurants and grocery stores to take on hours of daily labour just to meet their basic needs? So I'm gonna go in the refrigerator and I'm gonna have fun. For years, Jane worked in an office, but like many other Americans, she and Rick were hit by the 2008 financial downturn. Now, she's Survivor Jane and today, she's making her own goat cheese. We were like the majority of consumers out there. We bought and we worked and we bought and we worked. And what really got our attention was the housing market bubble. Our gated community home that we actually paid premium so that we could be in a nicer area, started turning into multi-family renting. Crime started going up, the neighbourhood started going down, and then the stock market, right behind it. My 401k, I was losing about $7,000 a month. - That's a lot of money. - But it was a lot for me... It's a lot of money to most people. Because I had worked a long time, and I was told that... I could either quit my job or I could die. Those are the only ways I was gonna get my 401 money out. So we took a huge leap of faith and decided to head for the hills. We stay up here on the mountain so our way to get the word out is to have a YouTube channel. As you can see, an off-grid home doesn't have to look like one. I've designed and built every building on this property. I created what I call the Hiney Hydrant, which is a portable bidet. And it eliminates the need to have to buy toilet paper. Even though we live off-grid, we're not just surviving. We're thriving. I was used to going to the shopping mall. I couldn't do that any more. I had to figure out, how can I make my own make-up? I'm gonna be honest with you, this isn't natural, okay? The barn needs painting, okay? I'll tell you, the goats don't care, but the old goat does. Okay, so I just want to let you know. I had to make my own make-up, out of food. We don't need money, we don't need anything except for what we have. And it seems like, wow, you just kind of, your whole life is food. Huh. And I'm living pretty good. Jane and Rick have voluntarily formed a community of two, servicing their own needs. No outsiders welcome. Let it stretch, there you go. But what if my idea of giving up money doesn't also include defending my family against the flesh-eating masses? Especially if I can't even make cheese well enough to survive. Let me just tell you, you're gonna die. What if you're not looking for an isolated mountain home, but still want to live without money? The 2008 financial crisis that sent Rick and Jane to the hills dealt a crushing blow to America's housing market. But the economic effect was global. Brutal shockwaves extended to Europe, where entire economies were decimated. Eventually, things got really bad in Spain after massive bank failures sent unemployment soaring, and people took to the streets in protest. The financial crisis left many people in Oviedo without much money to spare. So Sergio Martin created an experimental, barter-based market where community members directly trade goods and services without using money. What's up? It's an economy made by people, for the people, and with the people. We all have needs. And we all have resources. So, we have to use barter, imagination, talent, resources - I like that. - To get by inside this place. That's interesting. So you're offering this idea of going back to a trust-based community where somebody has a good or service that they're directly giving to you. Yeah. How does it work? How do you get dollars? Or Euros? You work for it. What can I do? What talents do you have? What resources can I take advantage? For example, food is very important. This weekend, I felt like making bread with my new oven I built. And today I'm selling bread. So I love this idea, obviously, and I'm way into it. The reason I was wracking my brain was like, I'm an actor, and I have some teaching experience, but we're not here long enough for me to teach a class. I'm wearing these clothes, I have old socks on... We don't want you to be naked after getting... there are holes in my pockets, nobody's gonna want this jacket. Do you have any film from you? Any like, DVDs? - Yes. Would be nice. - I do, actually. Okay, so we do have one, thank you. So this is a DVD. This I hope will make you laugh. This is a very nice plan for my evening. - So thanks a lot. - Okay, good, cool. And now, I would give you something. For example, you could take... this one, which is very nice. Smell. This is called Melissa. - Melissa? - Melissa. That does smell like Melissa. - Yes. Really? - What? No. No? I don't know, there's somebody named Melissa who's watching and she's a little weirded out right now, because I was a little creepy. It does smell good, though. - Really? - Yeah. And also I could give you some bread? Do you like this one? Yeah, that's a nice looking loaf of bread. - Yeah, looks nice. - It's heavy. This is gonna fill somebody up. Several people. This is for a family. Yes. This is real bread. So, are you happy? - Yes. - Me, too. Great, but I could still trade this for something else. - Yeah, of course. - Okay. Okay, so if I wanted to barter this for this, what are these, soap and lotion. Hello. Can I interest you in some Melissa for your soaps? They would smell amazing. People would love them. You get the fragrance. Like, smell this, it smells amazing. - The bread. - The bread? Okay. This is really well-made. Yes, because it's all handmade. Awesome. Okay, alright, I will trade you for this one. Thank you. Thank you. You sure you don't want some Melissa? And these girls. What do you have? Let's see, tell us. T-shirts, books. Good. Did you make all these shirts? Yes. They're nice, they're very nice. Can I interest you in some Melissa? I think no. A plant? Okay. We tried. Alright. Thank you. This is where bartering hits a wall. A wall that can't be paid for with a nice-smelling plant. Economic systems don't thrive when you can get stuck with something nobody wants. So it looks like I'm going home with Melissa tonight. To build a global economy, it seems like you need something to exchange that everybody wants. Across the globe and throughout history there's been one rare, heavy element that people have always been drawn to. Seduced by. Driven mad by its glittering shine. Willing to do anything to get their hands on... Gold. You're a nervous guy. Around this much gold, yes. You're standing currently in the only centre in London where you can buy a gold bar, sell a gold bar, test it, but best of all, having bought it you can store it on site in a gold vault. We wouldn't normally take a client down there, - but fancy a little look? - Yes. Come on, let's go. Three decades of experience make Ross Norman London's gold guru. He says the gold in his vault is safe, but he can't say the same for the cash. I'm about to make you very rich. I hope you can appreciate this. I'm about to give you $100 trillion. - Congratulations. - Thank you so much. You're now the owner of $100 trillion, Zimbabwe money. Oh, yeah, okay, this is worthless. But do you know what? It goes on. Yugoslavia, I can't even count the notes. $10 million Deutsche Marks from the Second World War. Turkish lira, how many notes is that? It's only half a million Turkey lira. Cash always goes to its intrinsic value, zero. They're great as a medium of exchange but through time, it erodes. So how does gold differ? It's got a 4,000 year history. What economists call purchasing power parity. If you'd bought an ounce of gold in the time of Jesus Christ, you'd have bought a suit of clothing. Bought an ounce of gold in the time of Henry VIII, you'd have bought a suit of armour. An ounce of gold today is about $1,300, £1,000. You can get suited and booted on Savile Row in London for £1,000. The point being, there's a world preserve. It buys the same things throughout history. - Cash doesn't. - What's in there? You have the key in there, and I'm so distracted by this key, because I'm like, - what's in the box? - I'm gonna show you something I'm gonna show you something. Let's have a quick look in here. What I've got in here is, clients come here to store their value. Ooh. Hands off. You're in a safe deposit box. Now, consider in this country, the average wage is about £28,000. In cash terms, that's £28,000. These are £50 notes, okay. The equivalent in gold, take it here. Is a kilo of gold. That's $45,000. This is heavy. It's twice as dense as lead. Is this pure gold? 99.99% pure. May I take that back? If you have to. Throughout history, we had to attach value to an element that was reliable. On opposite sides of the world they came to the same conclusion. Do you remember the name Marco Polo? - Yeah. - In the 1200s, he went from Europe, where they used gold as cash, he discovered in Japan and China they were also using gold as cash. South America, a thousand years ago. So across the world, relatively isolated communities, all attached to one element, gold. People and gold have had a pretty stable long-term relationship. So why aren't we still using gold as money? Gold. Even on this black and white reel it shines, right off the screen. None in the modern world has had a more extraordinary relationship with gold than America, the sweetheart consumers of the global economy. For the better part of the 19th century, America flirted with the gold standard. We made it official in 1900, legally declaring that each bill was worth a set amount of gold held in reserve. Gold-crazed citizens were emancipated from the burden of lugging around heavy coins and bars. Put away that wheelbarrow, Jasper. The US gold standard held down inflation and made the dollar reliable for trade with foreign nations. America was sitting pretty, until the Great Depression pulled the rug right out from under us. Economic hardship puts a bellyful of stress on the gold standard. The Federal Reserve couldn't source the supply of gold required to print more bills to stimulate the economy. That marked the beginning of the end for the gold standard. In 1971, President Nixon nixed it for good. I'm in our nation's capital, where I spent a few years working for President Obama. You're welcome. I'm here to meet an old friend at Martin's Tavern in Georgetown, which has a long history of hosting some of DC's biggest power players. I'm excited that we're sitting down together. We worked together for a couple of years. Austan Goolsbee knows a thing or two about why gold got kicked to the curb by the global economy. Austan also worked at the White House. We don't have the gold standard now, and there's not any country on Earth that has the gold standard any more, because it didn't work. The people that usually advocated gold standard have in mind, I don't trust the government, I don't trust any individual in the government to decide how much money there should be. They'll probably print too much money and we'll have hyperinflation. And only gold, which is in fixed supply, will give us the stability that we need. Now the only thing about that is the gold's not in fixed supply when they find, you saw those old pictures of the guy with the coveralls, he's in Alaska. They discover a bunch of gold, it's like they've flooded the market with money. You haven't replaced that there are decisions being made about how much money to print. Russian miners and South African gold miners, they're the ones who determine how much money's in the economy, rather than somebody in the government. The actual paper on which a dollar or $10 or $100 is printed, if a dollar is a dollar, does the paper actually cost a dollar? Does a $100 bill cost more than the dollar? What you are identifying, we don't have a commodity money system any more. Instead, we have fiat money. We print the money, and then we tell you what it's worth. Like is it meaningless? Is money totally bullshit, is it meaningless? If you pull out your dollar and you look at it, it says, this note is legal tender for all debts, public and private. It's a promise from the government that you could use that to pay your taxes. That's what makes it fiat money. It just means the government says, this is a dollar. If they print a $100 bill, on one cent of paper, and they say this is worth $100, will you give me $100 worth of coconuts, you know, for this? And they will. You'll go outside, somebody will take $100 bill, just because the government, by fiat, declared that that's what it's worth. So it's a system of trust. It's a system of trust, and it has to be. Because you have to trust if I'm giving you something other than a barter, this for that, to say, yes, this abstract thing represents value, then we can use it to trade. And there's always the temptation that whoever's in power, would say, well, while no one's looking, let's print a whole bunch of money and pay off all of our, whatever debt we have. If you abuse that, the markets and the people who use the money, they will notice. And when that happens, they will begin to flee your money. Stable governments are basically the last safe house that we have. So, the government wants me to trust their money, and their money wants me to trust someone else. I suppose having a faith in our institutions is easier than carrying around a heavy metal or a potted plant, but can I choose to place my faith some place else? Is there an option that doesn't depend on a government decree or banks? That would change the world. And we all know where to go for that. I took the initiative in creating the internet. The internet has excited us. And then there's email. Email, I heard that's really neat. And changed our lives over and over. You launched Facebook in your dorm room? Yeah. Will the next big internet innovation remake money? It is the hottest currency in the world. - Bitcoin. - Bitcoin. Some of the biggest influencers of the last two decades are looking at a whole new way to get rich online. You know, people have made fortunes out of Bitcoin, some people have lost money out of Bitcoin. Bitcoin was the first digital currency. It is also referred to as a cryptocurrency. Its aim is to free us from blind faith in institutions. And a legion of devotees have come forward to declare crypto the future of money. This is a financial innovation that is not going anywhere. Jeremy Gardner's early interest in Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies made him into a globetrotting millionaire by age 25. Now he's focused on spreading the cryptocurrency gospel as king of the Crypto Castle. Hello, welcome to the Crypto Castle. Thank you. I thought it was going to look like a legit castle. It's always a disappointment for people that aren't prepared. Well, let's start here. This is more of like, a man den trading cave, this is Tony. Hey, Tony, how are you? - Kal, nice to meet you. - Frequent house guest. The house started as a three-bedroom, but we quickly turned it into a lot more than that. We turned this into a bedroom right here, I don't think it's available. Got another bedroom back here. My dream was to someday build a gym in here, but then I remembered I didn't like exercise. Probably the most unique component is the guest bedroom. - Got two bunk beds. - Oh, that's cool. And so this allows us to host all sorts of interesting people. How long have people been living here as the Crypto Castle? When I moved to San Francisco four years ago, there was no gathering point for the crypto community, because back then it was very small. And so I really wanted to find a space that could really host larger groups. So the Crypto Castle isn't so much a castle as a frat house-styled flophouse for Jeremy's crypto crew. How many people live here? Depends on the day. Okay, today? Today I think we have six or seven. So you're, this is an incubator space, basically? Yeah, and not like the show "Silicon Valley" per se, more in that it's an incubation of ideas. Because of all the interesting people, there's this kind of rapid ideation constantly just trying to come up with new ways to think about things, and companies have been founded here, you know, Augur, which I founded which is first company here, which is like worth $600 million today. None of the team's here any more, but you know this is where that was founded. Here, I don't know if she's in her room, but Jing is the executive dir... We're coming in. - What? - This is Jing. - Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. Jing is one of the most badass women in crypto. How did you end up living in this house? I mean, that's like my first question. I started doing crypto stuff in 2012. I was an art student at the time, attending a women's college, and then I went to this Bitcoin conference with 300 men and four women. And I was like, what is this nerdy world? And I was hit by this horrible sense of FOMO, so I switched majors to computer science. Oh, wow, from art to computer science? Yeah, yeah. FOMO is real. This is a house full of dropouts. Much to my Asian parents' dismay. Yeah, I'm sure. What's Bitcoin, Bitcoin is not real money. Jing is probably one of the most well-tapped people when it comes to the technical community in crypto, because, you know, I deal a lot more with the entrepreneurs and other investors. But Jing knows all the brilliant programmers that actually make this technology possible. Jeremy and Jing believe that cryptocurrency is the future of money. All they have to do is explain what the hell it is to the rest of us. How would you explain what's Bitcoin, how does any of this work? Sure. Do you smoke hookah? No, I'm good, but feel free. Bitcoin is a form of electronic money to move about in a decentralised way. The system enables you to trust this... Engage with me, because we've created a system of trust, that exists online that doesn't require anyone to go and mediate transactions. And that's what makes this technology so revolutionary. It's totally virtualised. So no bank, no governments are necessary. Literally you and me can transact something that we both hold valuable without relying on anybody else. How is that ownership assigned to individuals? Like how do you know how much of that you have? What Bitcoin introduced to the world was this notion of a blockchain, which is a distributed database with nodes, little validators, all around the world. It makes it impossible to hack, and Jing may have more to add to this. I wanted to add something. - Please. - Go ahead. So, it's called a blockchain, and you can visualise it like this ledger of transactions and who owes who what. All of this data is put in a file, - and that's a confirmed block. - Okay. - Did I confuse you more? - No, not at all. I'm just making sure that I understand everything you're saying. I'm just gonna text a friend real quick. Dearly beloved, we are here today to explain the blockchain. Confusing thing, the blockchain. It's a decentralised ledger for digital transactions that stays on the internet forever. And forever is a mighty long time. But I'm here to tell you it's like something else. And look, this isn't a perfect analogy, but think of traditional financial transactions like a wedding. Two parties come together and exchange something of value, like a ring. Or, formerly, goats. And, traditionally, these holy transactions have relied on a licence from a state and an ordained official to verify them, like a priest or a justice of the peace, or a captain of a ship for some reason. I'll turn this ship around. You bet you will. That is what made them centralised. The official, like me, is comparable to the bank or credit company which traditionally verifies the transaction. But we're millennials. We don't traditionally anything. Well, alright then. If standard financial transactions are like a traditional wedding, then blockchain transactions are like a millennial spiritual union ceremony, and they don't need an officiant like me. For some reason, kids today don't really trust the financial system. They are satisfied to make this exchange in front of these trusted witnesses, who verify the transactions by taking pics, tagging the bride and groom, and posting them online, accessible to everyone on the internet. So if I lose my phone somehow, it doesn't matter. Cashew cheese? Fuck no. I mean, if you look at millennials, we've lived through a post-9/11 world that's growingly Orwellian, and then lived through the Great Recession. If you're my age, you don't really trust the government. You don't really trust banks. What we're creating is something that transcends the national economy. We're creating something that is supernational. Something that is global and accessible to everyone. I tell young people, you know, you should have 20 to 30% of your net worth in crypto, because the upside is so exponential, whereas the downside, especially for a young person that can go and make more money, is fairly negligible. As long as you believe the internet is gonna exist in the future, crypto assets are gonna be a part of that. - Brah. - There you go. - Shit, my mouth is full. - There we go. You actually smoke hookah all the time, or... I do. One of my investors saw Jeremy, and she said to him, "You look ridiculous." I don't remember that. For the crypto kids, cryptocurrency is a next gen solution that will revolutionise the world economy through a borderless currency that is free from control by governments or financial institutions. So future. I'm in. Now I've just got to find me some Bitcoin. Anyone can buy Bitcoin on a cryptocurrency exchange, but before that happens, the coins have to be digitally created on the network. There's no physical treasury to mint them or Federal Reserve controlling the supply like paper money. Instead, Bitcoin introduced a way to digitally generate a finite number of coins with computing power, a process called mining. Now crypto mines have popped up all over the world. They run powerful computers 24/7 in a race to generate and hoard cryptocurrencies. This one belongs to Petr Svoboda. I'm here to find out how he turned crypto mining into a business model. Oh, wow. The sound is from the fans in each one? To keep it cool? Yes. It's very hot. What's the difference between these machines and these? These machines are specialised machines for mining bitcoin. - And other cryptocurrencies. - Okay. Different algorithms. How many rooms like this do you have? There are five rooms. - Five rooms like this? - Yes, yes. That's cool. Can you explain how mining works? It's better for me, will be to explain it in Czech. Okay, perfect. My Czech is great. Working the algorithms... Well, it's the uncle rib nose... Skinny poor check Danno something something... Okay, I lied, I don't really speak Czech. But I'm hoping there's someone smarter than me who can explain all this in English and like I'm five. Remember how the blockchain is the digital record of Bitcoin transactions? Well, mining is how the Bitcoins are created and awarded in the first place. The miners in the analogy are the guests, who verify the transactions by taking pics, tagging the bride and groom, and posting them online. Bitcoin is created as an incentive for the miners to build and maintain the blockchain. Okay everybody, time to catch the bouquet. Bitcoin is awarded to one lucky miner. Don't feel bad for the miners who didn't catch the Bitcoin bouquet. Bitcoin transactions are happening constantly, which means mining is a never ending wedding season. The more they work to maintain the blockchain, the more Bitcoin bouquets they have a chance to catch. Bitch. Because crypto mining takes so much energy, mines like this are being built where energy is cheap, like China, Iceland, and here in the Czech Republic. And it's not just Bitcoin they're after. There are already thousands of other cryptocurrencies out there. Litecoin, Ethereum, Tether, EOS, Stellar, PotCoin, the list goes on and on. You must have a crazy electricity bill. Yes. I think we spend about 60 thousand US Dollars. 60,000 US dollars a month. On electricity. Yes, per month. - Yes. - Wow. That's a lot of money. Can you tell me the average person, how much they buy and invest? Yes, about 30 thousand US Dollars. - 30,000 US dollars? - Yes, yes. - Each? Okay. - Each. And how many machines is that usually? It's for eight machines. Oh, that's eight machines, is 30,000 US dollars? Dude, this is amazing. And you have five rooms of machines. Yeah. Are there a finite amount of Bitcoins? - Yes, yes. - There are. So when they're all found, then what happens? Nobody know. Before I blow all my money on something that I only understand through wedding metaphors, I want to meet someone who can explain how cryptocurrency actually gets its value. Jackson Palmer was a marketing manager and coding enthusiast whose attempt to poke fun at the cryptocurrency boom totally backfired. - How are you? - Nice to meet you. These dogs are pretty amazing. They are. These are the dogs on the coin you started, right? Dogecoin? That's right, I put the dog on the coin. Yeah, these are the Shiba Inus. Back in 2013, I was really into cryptocurrency, noticed there was one coming on the scene every month or so, and at the same time I was really into the Doge meme. D-O-G-E. Your Doge? What are you talking about? The Doge meme was born when a picture of a dog with a soul-piercing gaze, posted by a Japanese kindergarten teacher, rose to internet fame. Jackson took it from there, tweeting what he intended as a joke. Investing in Dogecoin, pretty sure it's the next big thing. You hadn't created the coin yet. Hadn't created it at all. What happened with the tweet? The tweet started going viral, and just slaps the Doge meme on top of a coin and said, it's a parody cryptocurrency. What happens when you create a currency? It doesn't actually really involve anything but putting the code out there for people to run. It's the same with Bitcoin or Litecoin or any of these things. You just put up an application that people can run and if enough people run it, then it becomes a network around it. Yup, it's that easy. And even though Jackson is the creator of Dogecoin, he never mined it or made any money on it. But he did have a front row seat for Doge's rise as an instant and inexplicable sensation. In about 24 hours, we started realising that there was all this hashing power, all this computing power, pointed at the Dogecoin network. I'm like, oh no, what have we done? It's a thing. Next thing I know, it's a $2 billion economy. Whoa. That's when things got a little Doge-y. Dogecoin's valuation soared on hype fuelled by a lovable mascot. And I thought my love of dogs was irrational. Hello. And so you started a coin and yet you are a crypto sceptic. I'd call myself a crypto rationalist. Ooh, okay, crypto rationalist, that's actually better, I like that. I think there's a lot of hype and a lot of value being attached to this stuff, with very little substance. Cryptocurrency should be valued on its actual merit and not the hype cycle that says it's gonna be the biggest thing in 10 years time. How do humans scale something like cryptocurrency, and at what point does it flip from being speculative to being an actual thing? That's the technical term, by the way, "an actual thing." An actual thing? Okay. I think it's an interesting challenge. I think, because the price is going up and down all the time, it doesn't really incentivise people to spend it, because the currencies are so volatile. Jackson's concerns really point out that cryptocurrency is still in its infancy. Nobody knows what it'll grow up to be. In fact, its volatile price over the last year follows almost the exact path of the dot-com boom that turned out to be a bust when the internet was in its infancy. Crypto is still a speculative asset, more like an investment in a start-up than hard cash in your pocket. But there are people all over the world trying to change that. James Howells saw the potential of cryptocurrency before almost everyone else. He was one of the first crypto miners, making a fortune in Bitcoin. Now James is in on the race to figure out a way to make cryptocurrency usable for everyday purchases. Is this your doing? Yeah, I've actually put this into this store, I'm using this as a test store, because I'm selling this product to businesses around the world. He's developed an app he hopes will make crypto as easy to use as cash. Grab a Lucozade. I'll grab some crisps. The app draws from a user's digital wallet, which tracks how much Bitcoin cash you own. Yeah, now what? I'll just play on Bitcoin Cash please, if that's alright. This is the Bitcoin Cash Wallet, so I've got Bitcoin Cash preloaded. The merchant has got a solution where they give me a QR code to pay. I scan that and swipe to send, and then the merchant knows that he's actually received his funds and they are secure in his wallet now. I assume Visa and Mastercard don't like Bitcoin, because that circumvents their fees. Yeah, it puts them out of business. People can transact without those third-party services. You shouldn't be paying third-party just to put your money to somebody's else's hand. Yeah, true. The potential of Bitcoin transactions is exciting. No bank fees, no loose change, or long receipts. And your crypto is safe and secure, because the only way to use it is with a private key, a string of 64 random letters and numbers that is impossible to guess. The only thing that could possibly go wrong, is if you somehow lose your key. Like, hypothetically, you stored it on a hard drive and you accidentally throw it away and it ends up in the bottom of a landfill. I mean, then you're just fucked. But how likely is that? So how does one accidentally throw away a hard drive? I had a rather unfortunate incident where I spilled a glass of lemonade onto my laptop. But I actually kept the hard drive from that laptop, because I knew it had my wallet on there, my Bitcoin Wallet and my keys, my private keys. And basically it was just a case of a mistaken identity. The wrong hard drive was put into the black bag and since then, the valuation of my drive, $65 million today. Holy shit. Yeah. If that happened to me, I would never throw anything away ever again, in my life. But James has a plan to find his fortune. By cross referencing landfill records with the day he threw out his drive, he can narrow his search to an approximate location. But the town council won't let him dig. In the UK, there's never been a permit to excavate a landfill issued, so we're in uncharted territory. There's been a number of searches of landfill for police inquiries, for you know, murder investigations and things like that. So just murder somebody first, and then you should be able to get your key back. I mean, the fact that I cannot get $50-odd million worth of coin back, Proves that Bitcoin is secure. So if you had written that key down on a piece of paper, you would've been okay? Then I would still have it, yeah. If I had that key, I can spend my coins. I could set a machine, a supercomputer, to continually guess every single code for my wallet. The problem with that is there is more possible combinations than there are particles in the universe. So I would need a couple of suns worth of energy, actual suns worth of energy, and a couple of billion years in order to crack it. That, to me, is what gives Bitcoin its security and that is why I trust in this technology as the future of money. Yeah, so if you wanna jump in, we can go to the landfill and I can show you where this multimillion dollar hard drive is buried. All these people with all their money, they trust that all of the other people will also believe in the same money. It's a chain of trust, unbroken. So what should you trust? Your government? A shiny metal? A computer code? Or none of the above? Looking at this just gives you a scale. Oh wow, yeah. And that goes down underground as well. Time will tell how expensive a blunder James' tossed hard drive really was, but who can blame him for trusting in a new way forward and holding out hope for his future digital fortune? For now, this is as close as he can get. In 10 years time, there's a very good chance that that drive is worth a billion dollars. And I can't even walk across there to dig it up. Action. I'll turn this ship around. I'll turn this ship around. I'll turn this ship around. I'll turn this ship around. Try it drunk. I'll turn this ship around. Cut, perfect. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 