Just Add Magic: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Just Add Magic 
 s2e2 - Just Add Summer - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Just Add Magic (2015–…): Season 2, Episode 2 - Just Add Summer - full transcript 
 Using the special ingredient the girls gathered from last Halloween, they cook up a Miso Soup to determine Chuck's location. However, when that fails to work, Kelly instead cooks a "Settle ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "Just Add Magic"... Kelly: Everybody's frozen. So long, Saffron Falls! Kelly: I believe in our cake. I believe in us. Hannah: That cake unfroze the town, brought Kelly's grandma back, and broke Miss Silvers' curse. What if all curses are broken? Chuck. It doesn't seem possible. He's been gone 50 years. If he's out there, then we need to find him. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 "Miso-Person's Soup." We're gonna need a grunde fingerroot. The root can only be harvested one day a year. Halloween. Take us to last Halloween. We need to get into the spice cabinet, get the grunde root and get out of here. I got it. Now we can find Chuck. Wherever he is... he can't hide. My grunde fingerroot. Remarkable. How did you get it? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It can only be harvested on Halloween. Pick-a-date dates. How did you know? We used it once. Bought that in 17th century China. - Ooh. - Uh-- Well, the next time we do the pick-a-date spell, we're going back to see the dinosaurs. There is no next time. This is a spell you can only do once. What? Didn't you read the riddle? [speaking German] Yeah. Nine more chances. What are you talking about? In German, neinmeans no. You're never gonna let me live this one down, are you? Nein. Well, it's just as well. I don't like the thought of you traveling through time and space. If we are making the Miso-Person's spell, we have some work to do. ♪♪ Darbie: Whoa. I've never seen tiny trees in a pantry before. Nicayenne, pegu, cesper, culingot. Mama P didn't tell us about these spice families. Mama P withheld information. I'm shocked. I've always liked to work with the earth spices. They're Mother Nature's gift. We're gonna need night blooming chives. ♪♪ ♪♪ Kelly: "The person you seek "will appear in the broth crystal clear. "You will know where they are, be it far or near." Hopefully, this spell will tell us if our cake broke Chuck's curse. I can't believe we traveled back in time to get this, and that's all we're using? Yes. Kelly: Show us if Chuck is in Saffron Falls. "If the face appears not, their image not caught, "peace of mind you have bought." I don't see anything. Just little chunks of tofu. Chuck isn't here, Grandma. His curse didn't break. He's never coming back. Chuck is out there. ♪♪ [laughter] Oh, last day of school. Or the first day of summer. [sighs] Long hikes. No homework for three months. Swimming, picnics. No homework for three months. - The beach. - No homework for three months. Sorry, that's all I got. [laughing] I want this to be the most fun, carefree, memorable summer we have ever had. Me, too. Sleep in late, laze around all day. - Absolutely nothing to do. - I made a list. That doesn't sound carefree. Memories don't just happen. You've got to work at them. We are going to be busy. Archery classes, bike riding-- Can we combine the two? [laughing] There's one thing that I don't want to do this summer, and that's magic. - I'm down with that. - Yes. [sighs] Guess we won't be needing this anymore. ♪♪ This was one mystery we didn't solve. And I'm okay with that. Me, too. But if Grandma was so sure she saw him-- Kelly, we just agreed. - This summer... - All: No magic. You're right. So, where should we hide the book? Genius idea, Kelly. I just thought to myself, where's the last place that Buddy would ever stick his nose? It's been a long time since we've played at Brighton Manor. You're on vacation, too, old friend. Added security against Buddy. He's scared of clowns. Are we ready to start our summer of fun? Both: Let's do it. ♪♪ First ice cream of summer. First shopping spree of summer. First lazing under a tree of summer. First, "Hi, Jake" of summer. All: Hi, Jake. Hey, girls. So, what do you think of the new Jake's deluxe food bike? Uh, pretty new. Pretty deluxe. Pretty sad you never found your food bike. What did you expect? Mama P ditched it unlocked at the Lavender Heights bus station. I know. But I turned adversity into opportunity. I upgraded my bike. I can carry more food, serve more customers, and make more money. Once I get the fridge to work. Well, let us know if we can help. You got 150 bucks? Sorry, we can't help. Mama P should be paying for this. Do you even know where she is? New York. Puerto Rico. The Bahamas? London? Wherever she is, I hope she's miserable. ♪♪ [speaking French] [singsongy] Bonjour,people. [chuckles] Another fabulous day in Paris. That Tour Eiffel is something. Finally, I can take a break. Jacques, a break? My assistant Jake in America never took breaks. [scoffs] Under Madame Rochet I would get 20 minute breaks every hour. Because she had no customers. [chuckles] Oh, if I can teach you anything, Jacques, it's that hard work and perseverance always pay off. I'm living proof. Madame Rochet, back again? Give me back my patisserie. [laughs] Oh, you're so amusing. Like an amuse-bouche. You signed it over to me, remember? Mon dieu.I don't understand. One moment, I am eating one of your croissant, and the next I'm signing over my cafe. C'est la vie. Take one. On the house. Next. Mama P miserable? She probably isn't. Which is good for me 'cause I get to use her kitchen while she's gone. We're going to need six Jakeritos. We're having a sleepover. First "Earls of Wembly" binge watching marathon of summer, here we come. We're staying up all night. [fire crackling] You are the protectors of the book. It is in danger. You must protect the book. [gasping] Oh, I just had the weirdest dream. Me, too. The traveler appeared and said the-- The book is in danger. Okay, that's creepy. How could we all have the same dream? I don't want to know. We need to check the book. [sighs] It's safe. The traveler didn't tell us what we're supposed to do. Maybe if we go back to sleep, we can finish the dream. If we're sharing dreams, I'm never sleeping again. It wasn't just a dream. She was talking to us. ♪♪ Kelly, I asked you to keep this door locked. Grandma, we're safe. Yeah, the Miso-Person spell showed no sign of chuck. Well, maybe we cooked it wrong. Maybe he has a way of evading the spell. [sighs] I know what I saw. There was a break in at Stan's Mini Mart. Stan told me the only things that were stolen were a bottle of orange soda, and Little Judy oatmeal cream cakes. That is snacking perfection. Chuck used to live on those. That's not exactly solid evidence that he's here. If he is, what do you think he wants? Revenge. And I'm the one he'll be angriest with. I'm the one that gave him the caramel apple. But you didn't make Chuck disappear on purpose. Of course not. We made the Can't Recall Caramel to erase his memory of the magic. Well, mission accomplished. We had no idea it would erase him. Up so early? I thought you girls would be sleeping in. [yawns] Me, too. Thanks for taking Buddy to his game, Becky. - I really appreciate it. - Any time. Yeah. I hope we finally win a game. Go get 'em, Sharks. That was last year. Now we're the Orcas. Let's go. Please don't worry, Grandma. Everything's gonna be okay. I wish I could believe that. [door closes] Don't forget, no plans tomorrow night. We're having family dinner. - I didn't forget. - Me, neither. I mean, I assume that we're also invited. Of course. Always. We've been having a lot of family dinners lately. Dad's just so excited that Grandma's back. He wants us to spend time together. All the time. [sighs] Grandma has a good point. I mean, maybe the Miso-Person's spell didn't work. Could be. I mean, these spells aren't exactly science. I think we know what we have to do. You owe me a pizza. I bet our no magic summer wouldn't last 24 hours. Winner. It's just this one spell, and then we'll put the book away for real. You still owe me a pizza. Extra pineapple, please. The Miso-Person's was a vision spell. But let's think outside the box. If Chuck's really as angry as Grandma said he is, then that's a strong emotion. So we should use an emotional spell to rout him out. If he's here. [sighs] "Settle the Beef Sandwich" Settle the beef? Beef is another word for having a problem with someone. "To resolve a grudge that will not budge, "air the beef to turn a new leaf." Well, Chuck definitely has a big grudge with Grandma. This could work. Wait, there's something under here. "Beware if good will you can't restore, "a different problem you can't ignore "will come knocking at your door." So, if Chuck does show up, we have to make sure he and Grandma settle their differences. - Or else... - Yep. We're gonna need two pounds of chuck beef. It seriously says chuck beef? [chuckles] Onions, carnetian red peppercorns-- that's for the emotions-- night blooming rosemary-- that's for the attraction-- We're in luck. We have both of those ingredients. And some steak sauce. What? That's just for taste. [chuckling] ♪♪ [timer dings] Oh, what a nice surprise. This is exactly what I needed. You've been so stressed, Grandma, I just-- I want you to be happy. I am. I'm very grateful that I'm back to normal again, and I'm happy to be back in my own home. I think I might redecorate. Maybe a new bed in the extra room for me? You read my mind. And maybe a TV? Don't push it. [laughs] Oh, this sandwich is delicious. About that, that's actually a recipe-- There is one thing that is bothering me, Kelly. I want you to give magic a rest. But I can handle it. I know that. But it's dangerous. And I don't want you to get reliant on it. Okay? Now, what were you saying about this recipe? Um, nothing, I'm just glad you like it. Mm. - Becky Quinn. - Hi, Willy. Becky, I hope you don't mind me bringing this up. But why didn't you invite me to your wedding? [chuckles] I'm sorry, what? I was the one who introduced you to Jim Quinn. And to tell you the truth, it kind of hurt when you didn't invite me. I didn't invite anybody, Willy, we eloped. Well, it's probably time to let this one go. Sorry I bothered you. That was odd. Uh-huh. [indistinct chatter] [tapping] I'd like to make a toast. To my wonderful family. And to my mother. I'm so grateful she's back. I don't understand what happened-- Sweetie, you said all this last week. I know, it's just-- I'm so happy. What Dad's trying to say, Grandma, is he loves you. I know. We all do. Although, I didn't love how you bought Kelly her first ice cream. - Excuse me. - Mom, please. I'm just saying that that's something I wanted to do. You know, you don't get that many firsts with your child. - Terry. - It's okay, Scott. Um, you're right, Terry. I should have realized. I'm sorry. Well, at least I got to take Buddy. Mint chocolate chip in a waffle cone. Hey, Grandma Becky, can you not cheer for me so much at the basketball games? - What? - It's a little embarrassing, especially when I'm on the bench. Sorry, Darbie. Won't happen again. No biggie. I got a biggie. You washed my lucky jersey. That's why we lost again. Maybe she doesn't know which one it is. Family. Isn't it great? Looks like the spell's working. I thought it would only attract a big beef. It's attracting all beefs. Including you. It caught me by surprise, too. Having a fun time, Grandma Q.? What a fun night. If you call everyone you love unloading on you fun, then... yes. What'd you do? What spell am I under? I cooked you a Settle the Beef spell. Why didn't you tell me? I was going to, but then you asked me not to cook magic-- And this is exactly why. I'm tired of seeing you so worried. You've been so on edge, I thought if I could prove once and for all that Chuck isn't here, we could just go back to enjoying our lives again. Oh, Kelly. [sighs] I'm sorry. I know I've been difficult lately. [knocking] Miss Silvers? Let me guess. You have a beef with me. You could say that. I will never forgive you for what you did to me, Becky. Your morbium seed could have saved me decades of suffering. Which I didn't cause. Of course you did. I don't regret what I did, Gina. Grandma, just apologize and then the spell will break. What spell? I didn't do anything wrong, and I'm not going to apologize. You've always been selfish, Becky. You two need to make amends or the spell will get worse. I'm sorry, Kelly. Some wounds just cut too deep. This beef isn't going to settle. What do we do now? Well, the riddle, it warned that if we don't settle all the beefs, a different problem will show up. At least it can't be Chuck. Because he's not here. I don't want to find out what it is. We need to cook a counter spell. Quick. Thanks for opening up for us. Sure. So, what did the riddle say? "If your good will you can't restore, "a different problem you can't ignore "will come knocking at your door." There's no good will being restored there. I better go lock the door. Just to be safe. I-- I know it's here somewhere. I made an extra. I gotta do better. Okay, the book said we need some calming merwaldian chamomile for the counter spell. Third shelf, fourth bottle from the right. What? You guys left me in here all night. How you guys doin'? All right, then. [doorknob rattling] This wouldn't have happened if you could have just made up. Both: Blame her. All: Mama P? Oh, no, not you. - Nope. - Ah-- Well, our bigger problem just showed up at the door. Nice to see you, too, Hannah. Why would you come back here? That's what I'd like to know. This morning, I wake up in Paris, next thing I know, I'm on a flight back to this dump. It's a spell. Obviously. And from the 10 hours worth of grudges I wrote on the plane against you, Becky, I guess it has something to do with airing complaints. We cooked a Settle the Beef spell to see if Chuck was in Saffron Falls. Wait. Chuck? Why would he be here? Because after you froze the town, we made a curse-breaking cake that broke all the curses. [sighs] I didn't think of that. You didn't think of anyone but yourself. Classic Ida. Luckily, the spell didn't attract Chuck. However, it did attract all other beefs against Grandma Becky. Sorry, Grandma, I didn't realize so many people had beefs against you. Well, you live long enough. [chuckles] Don't laugh. The entire town has a beef with you, Mama P. Ask me if I care. Except for you, Jake. I do regret what I did to you. Ask me if I care. I'm outta here. I'm outta here, too. You can't run away and forget what we did to Chuck all those years ago. It was an accident. But the damage is done. Chuck's gone forever, and we did that. Good riddance. And to you, too. Stop! Listen to yourselves. You used to be friends. Best friends. Hard to imagine. Why are you still fighting? Especially now that you have everything you've ever wanted. Mama P, you live in Paris. Miss Silvers, you can play piano in public again, and Grandma Becky, you're back with your family. I don't understand. It's complicated. Look at you. You're all still cursed but not by magic. Until you can forgive each other, you're never gonna be happy. We thought the problem at your door you can't ignore was Mama P, but it's not. It's the three of you and your own unhappiness, and... that's really sad. [knocking] Can unhappiness knock at the door? Chuck? Both: Chuck? Chuck. ♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 