Just Add Magic: Season 2, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Just Add Magic 
 s2e10 - Just Add Meddling - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Just Add Magic (2015–…): Season 2, Episode 10 - Just Add Meddling - full transcript 
 Kelly finds herself using magic to solve every problem, big or small, forcing Hannah and Darbie to hide the book from her. Meanwhile, Chuck finds a new way into the girls' lives through Jake. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "Just Add Magic"... Who do you guys think this is? Rose. I have to go meet my dad's new... Both: Girlfriend. Darbs, you remember Amy. Hi. You were cooking without us? Practice makes us better cooks. Not us, Kelly, you. I used our morbium to break our protectorship of the book. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Cannot believe you lied to me. I really don't want to be around you right now. I want my cookbook, and my morbium. If Chuck's book steals our magic recipes, then-- It might steal a magic fire? [fire crackling] [whooshing] [gasping] No! [grunting] [clattering] [grunting] [grunting] ♪♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What the-- [sighs] Ida: Late night? We had one, too. We were up cooking. [chuckling] This was your big move. Moving me one town over. What'd you cook? Move Me Melon Balls? Transporting Tartine? Go Away Gumbo. You realize I can walk to Saffron Falls in 20 minutes, right? The gumbo wasn't the only thing we cooked last night. You should have left Kelly alone. I'm sorry it's come to this, Chuck, but you left us no choice. Blah, blah, blah, enough talking. It took me 50 years and the help of three protectors to break this spell. Let's see how well you do. [wind blowing] What did you do? Enjoy Lavender Heights. You're never leaving. [door slams] ♪♪ I wish I could have seen the look on his face. Was he angry? I bet he was angry. Did he try to spell you again? - We're you scared? - Do you really think it'll stop him? Okay, girls. [chuckles] One question at a time. Here's a question. How is trapping Chuck in Lavender Heights gonna help us? We have to contain him. It seems like there are better ways. Not that anyone asked my opinion. Kelly, we can't risk him cursing us again. She's right, Kell. We barely stopped him yesterday. This is our best option. He's close enough to keep an eye on, but he won't have access to spices. Well, except for the spices that he already has, and that's including Mama P's morbium. That morbium is like having a brick of gold in the middle of the ocean. It's valuable, but he can't use it to escape. Becky: Exactly. And there's only one spell that can break that curse. Curse Breaking Candied Stone Fruit. And Chuck doesn't have the right spices for it. [car horn honking] That's my dad. See ya after lunch. What's wrong? You look like you don't want to go. Yeah, you've never met a lunch that you didn't like. I'm just sad it's only lunch. Dad has a teacher's meeting at school, then he leads a woodworking class at the community center, and later he has plans with Amy. Sometimes I just wish I had him all to myself. Better go, too. I'll see you after your lesson, Hannah. Hey, hang on. I'll walk you home. [sighs] Well, maybe she didn't hear you. Don't have that spice. Too much of a downside. Not written in English. Single Serving Cinnamon Brownie Bites. "If you want to have fun just one on one..." This is perfect. Perfect for what? Nothing, I was... just doing some research. Trying to see if there's a way to determine which spells have downsides and which don't. Kelly, we need to talk. - Can it wait? I'm pretty-- - No. Now. I know you're still upset. But you have to stop shutting me out. Upset? Grandma, you lied to me about how you used your morbium. And the truth is even worse. It's not so black and white. You abandoned your friends when they needed you most. If I'd let the book stay with us, Gina and Ida's feud would only have gotten worse. Yeah, but you could have used your magic to save them. Just like I used the magic to save you. We were given the book to help people. You can't rely on magic for everything. I need you to stop using it. I'm sorry, Grandma. But that's not your decision to make. You're not the protector of the book anymore. Hi. I'm here with your lunch. Is this some sort of prank? No, sir. I have an order of 50 extra cheesy Jakewiches. How will you be paying? Look, kid, only three people work here, and two of 'em have already gone to lunch. Well, someone ordered these sandwiches. You see this? Go try your scam somewhere else, okay? Come on, I brought these all the way from Saffron Falls. Hi, Jake. I see you got my order. Is there a reason you're studying the book like we have a test? I'm trying to find the drawing of the girl we saw. I can't find it anywhere. The book is never-ending. We're lucky if we can ever find anything in here at all. Maybe a spell will help. Or maybe we could just take the day off of magic stuff, and just have fun. Okay. Really? I didn't think it would be that easy to convince you. You're right. We've earned it. Well, great. I made a list of fun stuff we could do today. [chuckles] I love how you organized them into physical, mental and lazy. - The best kind of fun is well-balanced fun. - Mm-hm. Is there anything on the list that stands out to you? Not really. They all look good. All of them? Even the documentary on tiny house living? Hey, girls. Hey, girls. Hi, Dad. How was car shopping? Fantastic. You should have seen me negotiate. I got a great car at an amazing price. Did you get something fun like a convertible? No. I got the mini van with the highest safety record on the market. - Oh. - That's great. Good for you, Mr. Quinn. I guess those cookies you made me really were good, Kelly. [door opens] Special delivery, one red-headed trouble maker. - Hi, Mr. O'Brien. - Hi, Mr. O'Brien. How was lunch? So much fun. We ate at the park. Ooh, Dad, tell 'em about that poodle we met. Oh, and the guy on the skateboard. And-- Sorry, Darbs. You know I gotta get to my seminar. I still don't understand the point of being a teacher if you don't get a summer break. Before you go, would you like a brownie bite? I made them fresh. Well, we already had dessert, but... that never stopped me before. Well, now I know where you get your sweet tooth from, Darbie. Darbie: I prefer to think of it as a discerning dessert palate. Hannah: I've never seen you discern a dessert. Darbie: That's not true. I never eat Jell-O. Don't trust the way it looks. Just one and then I have to go. - Thank you. - Mm-hm. - Thanks, Kelly. - Mm-hm. Mm. This is great. We should do more normal cooking like this. I mean, you know, more baking with cinnamon. [cell phone buzzing] Huh. Get this. My seminar's cancelled. Really? Any chance you'd like to spend a few more hours with your old man? [chuckles] Bye. Bye. [bell jingles] You're two hours late. Everything okay? Uh, yeah, sorry I'm late, but, um, it looks like extra cheesy Jakewiches are today's special. Decide the whole menu if you like. Me? Are you sure you're okay? Oh, it's too good a day to worry about anything. Seriously, I'm getting worried. Are you happy? [whispers] The plan worked. Chuck's trapped in Lavender Heights. Hope he likes strip malls. You really think he'll stay there forever? Gina and Becky think it's the humane thing to do. I know how horrible it is to be trapped in one place forever And you're glad about this? You have no idea how much he deserves this, Jake. Come on. I've got some sparkling apple cider chilling in the freezer to celebrate. You shouldn't take joy in someone else's pain. No matter how bad you think they are. Chuck is a horrible person. You know, it wasn't too long ago that everyone in town thought you were horrible. Jake, come on. Where are you going? Out. To sell my sandwiches. I can't believe this. If no one shows in the next few minutes, we're gonna have a private screening. I'll be able to yell at the screen. Yell all you want as long as you tell me what's goin' on. These doomed Earth movies are a little confusing. You need to read the books. Amy tried to explain them to me, but I got lost when everyone started time traveling. Amy? Please. Trudith Winters' nuanced storytelling is lost on the casual fan. Amy loves those books almost as much as you do. You could have invited her. To father-daughter day? That is crazy talk is what that is. You know what? Let's make it a double feature. I'm gonna cancel my woodworking class. - Really? - Sure. Monkey Bites? Mm, these are great. I thought I knew all the primo candy. Amy got me started on them. They're her favorite. Oh. Okay, they are pretty good. Hey, Darbs. Thanks for ditching your friends for me. It'll be good for them. They need to learn how to have fun without me. [chuckling] ♪♪ ♪ I feel like woo! ♪ ♪♪ ♪ Yeah, I feel like woo! ♪ ♪ Dancin' on the sunshine ♪ ♪ Your love today is feelin' all right ♪ ♪ All right ♪ ♪ I feel like woo! ♪ ♪ Like I could do anything ♪ - [gasping] - Yes! Oh, that was so cool. ♪ Come on, let's take it on ♪ ♪♪ ♪ Come on, let's take it on ♪ ♪♪ - No. No, this is not in the book. - Shh, shh, shh, shh. ♪ It's a brand new day ♪ ♪ Come on, let's take it on ♪♪ Quetzals? Really? It's the national bird of Guatemala, and worth 128 points. The dictionary's right here if you want to challenge it. I believe you. How do you even know this stuff? - Thanks, Kell. - For what? I've really needed a day like this. - Cards, TV-- - A short but awesome karaoke duel. [giggling] It's nice to just have fun, and not have to worry about magic or new schools, or boys from 1965 who are trying to curse us. [chuckles] I totally agree. So, what's next on your list? I'll let you decide. We can either have a disco dance party, or do yoga. Either is fine by me. Really? You know, you're very agreeable today. You're right. I am. So far, everything you've picked has been a lot of fun. In that case, let's bring disco back. I'll be honest. Disco was never really my thing. Can I maybe interest you in some Blondie? You can dance to her music. Kind of. Maybe I left it over-- Actually, Mr. Quinn, we really wanted pure disco. Right. Um, Dad, do you think they might be over here? Scott: Ooh, how about some James Brown? - Kelly: Sure. - Actually, um, no. He's funk, not disco. Sorry. - ABBA. - What? ABBA Live. Solid gold disco. Come on, let's get funky. [giggling] Sounds good to me. Hannah. Uh... yeah. I love ABBA. - [bell jingles] - Best double feature ever. It was pretty fun. I wish every movie had your commentary. How often do you get two private screenings in a row? Must be the summer heat. Everybody just wants to stay inside. That explains why it was a ghost town outside, but you'd think people would want to be in the free AC that the movie theater has or-- - [door closes] - [bell jingles] Here. Wasn't this place packed just a second ago? I didn't notice. Who cares? Just means I have you all to myself. Kelly. Um, why don't you grab a seat, and I'll find Mama P. Mama P, we have a problem. Yes, we do. I don't know what you did or why I feel like taking a walk in the park, but if you don't fix it by closing, lock up. Kelly, what did you do? Those brownies were magic. Just your dad's. It was a Single Serving Cinnamon Brownie Bite so he'd make time for you. He always makes time for me. Now he'll make more time for you. Have you had a nice day? It's been perfect. But that's not the point. This spell worked too well. He cancelled his class, people are avoiding us, - and now-- - Calm down. The spell uses torian, so it should wear off at 7:30. Well, what am I supposed to do until then? Enjoy hanging out with your dad. You spelled Mr. O'Brien? I was just trying to give Darbie a good day with her dad. You spelled your dad, too, didn't you? I saw the dollhouse. We're really low on some spices. Okay, yes. It was a small spell, Concur With Me Cookies, to make my dad a better negotiator. Trust me, he needed it. That's why you said that you'd do everything I wanted today. Your spell made everyone agree with your dad, but then you became overly agreeable. You suffered the downside. I didn't suffer. I had a blast today. Your list was tons of fun. Okay, updating our internet passwords wasn't exactly thrilling, but you were right, I really needed to do it. You're using too much magic. I have it under control. Both spells use torian, so they wear off. - But that's not the point. - Then what is? We all had awesome days. I'd call that a win. I call it reckless. [sighs] You sound like Grandma. You know, your grandma's right. I'm going home. Something wrong with the dessert? Just not in the mood for it, I guess. Honey, what's goin' on? It's just that I was having a really amazing time today. Me, too. It's been great. But did you really enjoy it, or was it just, you know-- Hey. Spending time with you is always my favorite thing to do. - I wish we had more of it. - I get it. You have work and seminars and Amy. Sometimes I wish I could wave a magic wand, and make all my obligations disappear. Yeah. That would be cool. - [door opens] - [bell jingles] So, you wanna keep hangin' out? Of course, it's early. It's only, uh-- Oh, no. We have to go. - Right now. - What's wrong? I didn't realize how late it is. I was supposed to take Amy to a play for her birthday. Wait, today is Amy's birthday, like right now today? Yes, and I blew her off. [knocking] I'm sorry. I lost track of time. I-- I'm sorry. You know I could have gone out to dinner with my parents tonight. Well, [stammers] if we hurry, we can make the second half-- My friends wanted to throw me a party. It's still early. Let's, uh, go out-- But I wanted to spend my birthday with you. I'm a jerk. I'd be angry, too. You're not a jerk. You're a good father who wanted to spend more time with his daughter. I'm not angry about that. I'm hurt that you didn't even think to call me. Let me make it up to you. We can-- Look, Patrick, I really like you. But the last thing I want to do is come between you and Darbie. I don't think you that you have time in your life for a relationship right now. Darbie: This is all your fault. Amy broke up with my dad because of your stupid spell. No, no, the spell shouldn't have done that. I just wanted to give you two more time together. I've never seen my dad that sad before. - It was horrible. - I'm sorry, I-- I'll do whatever I can to make it up to you, I promise. There's gotta be a spell in here-- You want to do a spell? Now? What else can we do? Magic did this. And magic can fix it. We just have to cook. Oh, we're gonna cook. Great. But not with magic. ♪♪ You really took the time to make this for me? And are those Monkey Bites? Dad says they're your favorite. Plus, they go well with the peanut butter frosting. I sampled it for quality control. It's amazing. You didn't have to do this. Does your dad know you're here? No. I wanted to come and tell you I kept my dad distracted all day. That's why he forgot to call. He knows he messed up. As soon as he realized, he came right over. Darbie, I really like your dad. But I know you're a package deal. If you don't want me in your life, I get it. You make my dad really happy. And that makes me happy. Please give him another chance. I promise he'll never do anything like that ever again. He's really sad. Oh, duh. I almost forgot the second part of your gift. "Doomed Race To Antarctica," by Trudith Winters. Thank you. I know you already have it, but this copy's special. Open it. [gasps] It's autographed. But Trudith doesn't give autographs. How did you get this? It's no biggie. We used to be besties. Thank you so much. I know my dad's supposed to take you to see the new "Doomed" movie. Do you think he can stand sitting through it a second time? That's the thing. He didn't really get it. I'm going again tomorrow, and I thought it might be nice to go see it with a real fan. I'd love that. I came as soon as I got your message. What's the emergency? Hannah and Darbie have something to tell you, Becky. Where's Kelly? We need to talk about Kelly. We think she has a problem. I'm sorry. What for? You were right. I shouldn't take pleasure in someone else's pain. I just don't get it. You hate Chuck because he stole your morbium? No. There's always a chance I can get that back, but... I-- I hate Chuck because-- Did I ever tell you he got my father fired from his job? Chuck framed him for stealing, right? And because he used magic, no one believed my dad was innocent. And that one cruel act started a domino effect that shattered my family. And the worst part is, he didn't even know my dad. He was just trying to scare us into giving him the book. Well, I didn't know about your family. I'm sorry. Now that Chuck's trapped in Lavender Heights, maybe it's time for me to stop being trapped in the past. You think you could ever forgive him? Not a chance. I get it. There's nothing more important than family. I should be more honest with you. After all, you're the closest thing I have to family. [clears throat] I-- I have to run an errand. Uh, get back to sweeping. This place is a mess. [bell jingles] [door closes] ♪♪ Groovy. ♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 