Just Add Magic: Season 2, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Just Add Magic 
 s2e9 - Just Add Fire - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Just Add Magic (2015–…): Season 2, Episode 9 - Just Add Fire - full transcript 
 Chuck knows the girls have taken his book, so he gives them, Grandma, Silvers and Mama P a sleep spell. Now, all six of them must stay awake long enough to cook a counter-spell together. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "Just Add Magic"... The book literally never ends. You must protect the book. It is in danger. The recipes that we saw in Chuck's book. They're missing from ours. He has his own cookbook that's stealing our spells? He stole my seed when he stole Ida's. Grandma lied to us. Ida: I'm not gonna let him disappear with my morbium for another 50 years. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [sighs] [clattering] [groans] Chuck's book is stealing our recipes faster than ever. Well, at least we have his book and he doesn't. I mean, that's good. Right? [yawning] Darbie, how could you possibly be tired at a time like this? Easy. I was up all night reading "Doomed Rainbow at Midnight." "Doomed Rainbow at Midnight"? Uh, hello. It's Trudith Winters' new book. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The world's only been waiting two years for it. Yeah, not a fan. Especially after being PB&J BFFs with her. So, how was it? A-mazing. And get this. She even used some of my ideas, like the feather speakers hiding out on sad Earth. I forgot how much I hate those books. But I'm really happy for you, Darbie. Thanks. Did you hear that, Kelly? Some of Darbie's ideas made it into Trudith Winter's book. Yeah, that's great, Darbie. What's wrong? Look. I thought that the book went on forever. Apparently not, and we're reaching the end. It's gonna be empty soon. ♪♪ Staring at it won't make it stop. [sighs] How did Chuck get this book in the first place? It looks like he made it out of tree bark or something. Say what you want about Chuck. He's handy. Is there anything we could do? I feel so helpless. There is. We can destroy Chuck's book. He can't keep stealing our recipes if there's nowhere for them to go. But if we destroy Chuck's book, won't we lose our recipes forever? I don't like it either, but what choice do we have? [sighs] No magic is better than the magic being in the wrong hands. It won't be easy. I'm sure he's got protections on it. We'll just have to break them. [whooshing] "Lay Waste Lunar Lollipops." "To destroy what's not wanted, "melt candy to stick, "and in the light of the moon, "end it all with a lick." I'm not really a lollipop fan. I'm more of a chocolate kind of girl. But I'm game. "When colors mix, three combined will make dark, "when light is added, three colors will spark." Spark? What does that mean? Only one way to find out. "Corn syrup, Cream of Tartar, "Kalimba cane sugar." I've never heard of that before. Me, neither. All: Mama P. [exhales] What are you doing? It's crazy busy out there. I need help. You said you wanted more responsibility, now you got it. More responsibility doesn't mean one person doing all the work. Relax, I'm coming. [bell jingles] - Excuse me. - Um, Mama P, we need to talk to you. Privately. Follow me, girls. Be right back, Jake. What? You gotta be kidding me. Kalimba cane sugar. Why do you need that? We just need it, and right away, please. Kalimba's an element spice, so it has something to do with earth, wind or fire. Are you trying to control the weather? - We can do that? - Wait a minute. Fire? We saw fire in our dream with the Traveler. Excuse me, dream? That's right. We did, Hannah. And a page from the book was burning. Maybe we're supposed to burn Chuck's book. We really need the Kalimba cane sugar, Mama P. I don't know. I can't believe I'm saying this, but I'm calling your Grandma and Gina. We need to have a meeting. Are you out of your mind? You saw what happened when I tried to destroy the book. It fought back. Well, yeah, but it's not our book, it's Chuck's. Even worse. Our book is so thin, you wouldn't even recognize it. - It's very sad. - Becky's right. We have to find a different way to save the book. We've tried, nothing's worked. I say let 'em destroy Chuck's book. Ida! What, Becky? You have another idea? Gina? I didn't think so. We're the protectors of the book. Everyone before us, including the three of you, did their job. Now we have to do ours. That's true. - Be careful. - [bell jingles] Good. Everyone's here. What do you want? I think you know. Lunch special? Soup's chicken noodle. I'm not in the mood for games. I want my cookbook, and my morbium. Now. I should have known. You stole back your morbium. No wonder you offered to stay behind in Chuck's trailer. I don't see what the big deal is. I just took back what's mine. You should have let us know. Discuss this on your own time. Come on. Let's go. Forget it, Chuck. We're not about to give you anything. Face it. You lost. You're making a mistake. Get out. Okay. If that's how you all feel. Just remember, you brought this on yourselves. [yawning] [yawning] [yawning] What did you do? I feel exhausted all of a sudden. You should. I just cursed you with a sleep spell. So, give me my stuff back, and I'll give you the counter spell. - Not happening. - Never. No way. Okay. But the second you fall asleep, you'll be asleep for a year. And I don't think it'll be hard to find my stuff then. [sighs] You know where to find me. - [yawning] - [bell jingles] I can't stand that kid. So, what are we gonna do? Now I'm double tired. Why'd I have to stay up all night reading? We need to find a counter spell. [yawning] And soon. There must be a recipe in the book we can use. I'm not so sure. It's nearly empty. Chuck's stolen everything. What about Chuck's book? He has our recipes. We should be able to cook them. It don't think it'd work. They're in Chuck's book. He's the protector, not you. She's right. And if we try there could be consequences. Who knows what protections he put on it. Well, maybe we can split up into two groups. That will double our chances of defeating Chuck. That's a good idea. The three of us will go to Kelly's, and see if there's a counter spell in what's left of our book. And we can go to my place and try to improvise one. Yeah. My parents will be at Buddy's karate tournament until 8:00. How late are they gonna be? It's already, like, 2 a.m. It's lunch time, Hannah. Oh, boy. Let's go. We don't have a minute to waste. [bell jingles] Back from my deliveries. Did I miss anything? You're in charge. Wait. When are you gonna be back? Either in an hour, or a year. [door closes] [music blaring] What is this music? It's terrible. It's the Blast Jackets' latest album. Maybe the worst music I've ever heard. Then why are we listening to it? Try falling asleep to it. [music stops] There are hardly any recipes left. "Speed Sprinting Stromboli." For when you're running late. You could use that, Darbie. I'm not always late. Okay, well, sometimes I'm late. Actually, most of the time I'm late. I think I just hurt my own argument. I don't know, I'm so tired. You don't seem tired. Well, that's because I just did 20 push ups, and some basic dance moves. The endorphins keep me awake. Uh, guys, look. What's the recipe? It-- It's not a recipe, it's a drawing. The book has never done this before. I guess it has more than just recipes in it. Who is she? Hannah: I don't know, but it's super creepy. Yeah. This is gonna keep me awake for a while. I don't see anything to help us stay awake, or counter Chuck's sleep spell. Well, this music isn't helping any. Really? You don't find Beethoven energizing? No. That's why they play classical music in the dentist's office. And can you turn the dimmer up on the lights? I don't have a dimmer, they're as bright as they get. Dim lights, classical music, the heat turned up to 400 degrees. If I didn't know any better, I'd guess an old lady lives here. We're the same age, Ida. [scoffs] Hey. Remember when we had to stay awake to study for that geometry test in tenth grade? What spell did we use? Both: Stay Upside Down Cake. With Merwaldian sugar. No, it was Merwaldian spring berries. That's right. It worked once, it can work again Even spelled, you barely passed that test, Becky. I'm good with words, not with rhomboids. - Whatever those are. - [laughing] It's been 50 years since we cooked together. I can handle twice a century. Let's do it. Becky, - the pans are-- - To the left of the oven. I remember. And Ida, I have some spices-- Under the cushion. I know. You're not the only one with a cool secret pantry. Kelly: Who do you guys think this is? One of the OCs when they were young? It's hard to tell with her eyes closed, but it doesn't look like one of them. Okay. I know I'm tired, but... her eyes are open now, right? Okay, this is getting weird. Getting weird? Change again. Come on, do it. Darbie, stop it. This is serious. The book obviously wants us to know about this girl. Right now, when we're exhausted? Just say what you mean! Sorry, I'm a little cranky. Whoa, the picture changed again. Hannah: She has a flower in her hair. Darbie: It looks like a rose. Rose! That's what the Traveler said to Grandma in her dream. And who was that girl who sat behind you in History class, and tried to copy your answers? Oh, uh... Kimberly Henderson. - Yeah. - Oh, and she had that ridiculous - bouffant hairdo. - [laughing] The only way we could stop her from cheating was to cook a Scramble Her Vision Bacon and Eggs. [laughing] Oh, ho, ho, ho. [sighs] Okay, I think we're almost done. All we need now are Merwaldian spring berries. Someone stole my Merwaldian spring berries. Someone who wears a size 10 Converse. Gina: He's one step ahead of us. How'd he know we'd try and cook this? You know who also had to stay awake for that geometry test? - Chuck. - Ohh. I gotta hand it to you, Gina. You taught him how to cook well. I know. I am truly sorry about that. Eh. We were just kids. We did our best. He was manipulative. Thanks. [sighs] The sketch of the girl was in here, we all saw her. Chuck's book must have taken that page. You'll never find it now. His book is getting bigger by the second. [yawning] [gasps] Miss Silvers! Thank you. I hate to say it, guys, but we're out of time. We have to give Chuck what he wants. Grandma. We can't give up. Kelly, we don't have a choice. We're out of options. And I'm not gonna let you girls hurt yourselves. There still is one thing we haven't done. Cook from Chuck's book. We've already discussed it. We're not the protectors, it won't work. I know, I know, but we could be wrong. These are our recipes, we have to at least try. She has a point. I suppose it's worth a shot. Better make it quick, I'm not gonna last much longer. Okay, let's see, we need to find something to counteract Chuck's spell. All right, uh, "Never Feeling Funnel Cakes." No. "Portrait Painting Pinwheels." Maybe your morbium would help the situation, Ida. Morbium is an amplifier, not a cure-all. You, of all people, should know that, Becky. What does that mean? Nothing. "Wide Awake Beef Wellington," that's perfect. "When you need to stay awake, "whether it is day or night, "set aside some hours to bake "this lovely sumptuous delight." We need Livonian shallots and Werepos salt. No problem. Kelly: This is a hard recipe. We're gonna need to make a puff pastry, and-- and crepes, and then we're gonna need chicken liver pâté, mushrooms and shallots. It'll take a while. The good news is we have 12 hands. ♪♪ [ticking] [bell rings] Oh, no. Hannah: What? I don't understand. Gina: I do. Like I said before, Chuck is the protector of the book. We can't cook from it. If I had any energy, I'd be really angry right now. What are we gonna do? Darbie: While we're thinking, would it be okay if I put on a pair of PJs, you know, just to be comfortable? No comfy PJs. Nothing comfy at all. We all have to stay awake. We're going to fall asleep. And Chuck will take back the morbium and the book. We might as well just give them to him. But we're the protectors. We can't just let him have it. Kelly. Think about your parents. Remember how stressed they were when I was under a spell, and I couldn't talk? Darbie: Yeah. Imagine how they'll feel when they can't wake you up for a year. You're right. I guess Chuck wins. Wow. You guys look really tired. Ready to give me my book and my morbium? Are you ready to cook a counter spell? Already cooked it. [sighs] Huh. Wide Awake Beef Wellington. Well, I'm wide awake. Everyone else? We failed. All those protectors had the book before us, but we're the ones who let it down. Oh, you didn't fail, Kelly. You did everything you could. I'm proud of you. I feel terrible about teaching that boy magic. Can't this pity party wait? We have bigger issues at play. Like how Chuck now has all the power. What's he gonna do with it? Whatever he wants. We can't stop him. I wish I'd used my morbium seed before he had a chance to take it back. Forget your morbium, Ida, it's not all about you. Oh, you're one to talk, Becky. You couldn't have been more selfish about your morbium. What do you mean? Tell her, Becky. If you're so proud of yourself. It's nothing, Kelly, forget about it. No, Grandma, I'm not gonna forget it. I'm tired of you keeping secrets. I deserve to know what you did. All right. The book tore the three of us apart, and I'd had enough. After these two cursed each other, I used my morbium to break our protectorship of the book. What? Whoa. Can you even do that? No, you can't. That's why Becky had to use her morbium. To amplify a separation spell. A person doesn't choose when the book comes to them. Or when the book moves on. Grandma, you interfered with the natural order of magic. I would be horrified if Darbie or Kelly separated us from the book. So would I. But we would never do that. I did what I had to do. It wasn't your decision to make, Becky. The book decides when it moves on. The book belonged to all three of us. I cannot believe you lied to me. You told me that Chuck stole your morbium. What else have you been lying to me about? - Kelly-- - No, Grandma. I really don't want to be around you right now. Come on, Kelly, I know you're upset, but she's still your grandma. I know. It's weird, I was doing everything I could to save the book, and Grandma was doing everything she could to destroy it. Yeah, it's ironic. In a bad sort of way, of course. It's so sad. There's only one recipe left. "Lay Waste Lunar Lollipops." Guys, I think we should cook it. What's the point? That was to destroy Chuck's book. We don't have Chuck's book anymore. But there must be a reason the book saved this for last. The riddle says that we should lick the lollipops in the light of the moon, and it's finally nighttime. And there's a big, bright moon. Do you still have the Kalimba cane sugar? Mm-hm. Let's cook. It might be our last time. ♪♪ [crickets chirping] - Ready? - Ready for what? I don't even know what we're doing. We're doing what the book wants us to do. I think. Okay. Here we go. Darbie: Whoa! They're like mini spotlights. So, now what? Remember the riddle? "When colors mix, three combined will make dark. "When light is added, three colors will spark." Come on. Hannah. Put your light on top of mine. Hannah: Wow. Now you, Darbie. Awesome. Something's happening. [gasping] Remember our dream? A page from the book was on fire. The Traveler told us that we had to protect the book. But how? Chuck's book took our Lay Waste Lunar Lollipop recipe. Well, yeah, Chuck's book takes all of our recipes. Our book is magic. Chuck's book is magic. These recipes are magic. This fire is magic. If Chuck's book steals our magic recipes, - then-- - It might steal a magic fire? [sighs] This is the book's final protection. It wants to keep the magic from the wrong hands. Are we really doing this? We don't have any other options. What if it doesn't work? Then there's no stopping Chuck. ♪♪ [whooshing] Rose. [fire crackling] [whooshing] Something's happening. [gasping] [whooshing] [fire crackling] The fire's gone. No! [wind blowing] [paper rustling] [gasping] Look. The spells are back. "Miso Person's Soup." "Shut 'Em Up Shortcake." "Settle The Beef Sandwich." We did it. - [giggling] - Yeah, we did. All: Oh, my gosh. [clattering] ♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 