Just Add Magic: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Just Add Magic 
 s2e3 - Just Add Chuck - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Just Add Magic (2015–…): Season 2, Episode 3 - Just Add Chuck - full transcript 
 The girls have their first interaction with Chuck, but it quickly becomes clear that he is suffering from some sort of amnesia. He doesn't remember anything about the Pluot Festival in 1965... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "Just Add Magic"... This is one mystery we didn't solve. What'd you do? What spell am I under? Kelly: We cooked a Settle The Beef spell to see if Chuck was in Saffron Falls. The spell didn't attract Chuck. However, it did attract all other beefs against Grandma Becky. All: Mama P? This morning, I wake up in Paris, next thing I know I'm on a flight back to this dump. I'm outta here. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [knocking] Chuck? Both: Chuck? Chuck. ♪♪ Chuck. Is that my name? ♪♪ So you don't remember anything? Zilch. Like I said, it's all a blank. That must be terrifying. Oh, don't listen to him, Kelly. You tell me what you're up to or I'll send you back. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Grandma! - There's the Becky I remember. Back? Back where? I'm sorry, ma'am, I think there's been a misunderstanding. [scoffs] Oh, you know you're not fooling anyone with this amnesia trick. What if he really doesn't remember anything, Becky? You haven't aged a day. How is that possible? Excuse me, but... what? Lapsis. Elysian. Morbium. Do those words mean anything to you? Are those even words? I'm sorry, I have no idea what you're saying. Then what do you know? Honestly, all I remember is getting off a Ferris wheel at the Pluot Festival. I don't know who I am, where I live, and what is a pluot? Where have you been living? What have you done for money? I don't have any scratch. I've been sleeping in the playground at the park every night. Oh, that's horrible. Yeah, we need to get you some food. And, no offense, clean clothes. You're a little stinky. Oh, stop it, girls. You can't trust anything he says. You can't trust me? Why should I trust you? You know my name, but you won't tell me who I am. You're looking at me like I'm a lost dog. And you look like I just ran over your cat. And you just look like you want to slug me. It's okay, Chuck, um, we've all had a really long day. Can you please just excuse us for a minute? Grandma, you can't keep yelling at him like that. I mean, however bad he was in 1965, he doesn't seem to remember any of it now. It's sad that he doesn't remember his family or friends. Or his favorite flavor of ice cream. We can't have an amnesiac boy from 1965 running around town. Yeah, Saffron Falls most famous missing person is back? And he hasn't aged in 50 years, explain that. Well, I have a spare room. I can take him in until we figure something out. I think he prefers the park. Oh, no. Well, he ran because he's scared. Honestly, I don't blame him. Oh, Kelly, don't be so naive. Chuck might not remember everything right now, but his memories can come back. And that makes him a ticking time bomb. I still don't understand why the OCs were so on edge. - OCs? - Original Cooks. Grandma Quinn, Miss Silvers, Mama P. I like abreves. Did you see how mad Grandma was? I've never seen her like that. I didn't even know your grandma could get mad. I don't ever want to be on the receiving end of that. What I don't understand is how this happened to Chuck in the first place. Good question. Hey, Kell, is this really our mystery to solve? - [sighs] - Your grandma, Miss Silvers, and Mama P said to let them handle Chuck. Yeah, I'm liking OCs. Look, we made the curse breaking cake that brought Chuck back. That makes him our responsibility, too. [sighs] Okay. But we can't help him if he's just gonna run away. Well, if we want to help him, we're gonna have to get him to trust us. How? [sighs] The fastest way to get Chuck to trust us is with magic, so let's just cook so we can get back to our summer of fun. [giggles] Kelly: Okay, Trust Me Tabouli. We have just enough elysian mint. Let's just go over the riddle one more time. "To give your trust, to build a rapport, "take care that your friend needs it more." Chuck might not be our friend, but he definitely needs more trust. ♪♪ Salad? It's an Arabian veggie meal called Tabouli. It's a peace offering. I'm sorry. I don't mean to be a drag. I haven't had a homemade meal in... I don't remember. Do you like it? Well, it's the thought that counts. Thank you. You love salad. - I do? - Yes, you do. Trust us. You know, you're right. I do like salad. We're sorry about the misunderstanding last night. You have to trust us when we say that we really do just want to help you. I believe you. So, who am I? Um, Chuck Hankins. You hit your head and went missing. And you're staying with Gina Silvers. Okay. Why? Because you're her nephew from Lavender Heights. All right. You believe us? Why wouldn't I? No reason at all. So last night, which one was Aunt Gina? The one that kept staring at you funny. Figures. And she's my mom's sister or my dad's? Uh, your mom's. How long am I staying with her? Um... all summer. Do my folks know I hit my head? You ask a lot of questions. You should really just trust us. Okay. Man, it's a weird town. What do you mean? Look around. Is it me or is everybody in this town dressed like a square? Oh, it's definitely you. Trust us. ♪♪ Hi, Jake. Whatever you're making smells amazing. I'll be out of your way in a second. Take your time. It's cool. I'm done. Jake, you've barely said two words to me since I got back to town. Go. Away. Oh, let me get this straight. You won't talk to me, but you'll use my oven. Honestly, I thought you'd be back in Paris by now. But I'm sorry, I won't use it again. Well, that's not what I meant. You didn't think I knew you were using the kitchen? I was just using it until someone else took over. Didn't you get my letters? Yeah, I just didn't read 'em. Well, if you had, you'd know you had my blessing to cook here. I believe the phrase you're looking for is "thank you." I promise you, it's not. I'd watch your attitude, Jake. You know, Mama P's is still Mama P's. You're absolutely right. Don't worry, I won't be back. Miss Perez. [bell jingles] [door closes] I really appreciate you taking the time to help me out, but you're sure these threads don't make me look like a weirdo? No way. This is the style now. Yeah, a lot has changed in the last 50-- - Days. - Huh. Go figure. So, are we done here? Uh, not quite yet. ♪♪ Are you gonna do that to my hair? Only if you want me to. Do I? [cell phone rings] Oh. Excuse me. Where are you going? Uh, it's just a call. I'll be right back. You know, you would look great with bangs. Would I, or are you just trying to get me to book an appointment? Actually, you would look nice with bangs, Kell. Stop touching it. It's so flat. Hi, Jake, this is our friend. - How's it goin'? - Hey. - Chuck. - Chuck? Uh, I mean, good to meet you, dude. You look very-- Nice. And surprisingly in style. - We took him shopping. - Yeah. These gals are a blast. I got them to thank for my boss rags. Boss rags. He may look modern, but you still have some work to do. So squares are geeks, and geeks are totes cool? Yes, but no matter what Hannah tells you, totes is no longer a thing. - If you say so. - I do. And if an adult starts using any of these words, stop using them immediately. Well, that all sounds groovy. Unless it doesn't. People usually just say cool. But you should keep using groovy, because it's an awesome word, and we should totally bring it back. Groovy. Man, that conk to my noggin did a real number on me. Can't believe I've forgotten how to gab. Just practice and it'll start to feel normal. Anything else we need to remind Chuck about Kell? - [sniffing] - What are you doing? Jake said he made these today, but I don't think they're fresh. Mine's out of this world. I mean, delish? And what's going on with Hannah today? She runs away whenever she gets a call. So what? Hey, are you feeling okay? Darbie? Hey, Dad, what are you doing here? Uh, we're just on our way to get lunch. Hey, Kelly. Who are you? This is Amy. Amy, this is Kelly, and my daughter Darbie. It's very nice to meet you. Both of you. Amy and I were cubicle buddies at my old job. She's catching me up on all the gossip I've missed since I left. Oh, does Mr. Baldoff still rock a ponytail? No, he chopped it off and replaced it with a mustache. Even trade. [chuckles] Oh, Dad, this is our friend Chuck. Hey. What's up? I'm Darbie's bestie, and I'm super psyched to get your digits and Snapchat you. Huh? Shouldn't you be getting to your lunch, Mr. O'Brien? Uh, yeah, I guess we should. It's nice to meet you, Darbie. There's something I don't trust about that woman. - What? - I mean, what kind of buddies gossip at lunch? Which part is odd, the lunch or the gossip? I wonder if Amy is her real name. Kell, what's going on with you? You're acting kind of paranoid. Is that what they're saying about me? You're suspicious of everything, ever since we gained a certain someone's trust. Oh, snicker doodles, you're... [whispers] spelled. Welcome to Jake's Food Bike, how-- Can I help you? One bottle of water. All I have is 100. You can keep the change. You really think you could buy back my friendship with 100 bucks? 200? Oh, Jake, I understand you might be a little upset I froze the town. Don't you get it? When you froze the town, you froze me. And left me that way. I knew the girls would figure out a way to break the curse. I'm just sorry I didn't get a chance to say goodbye to you. Maybe you could have if you hadn't been so busy stealing my food bike. Didn't Kelly tell you I left if for you in Lavender Heights? Where it was stolen. Again. I see what this is about. I'll buy you a new bike. Please don't. Then what do you want? Tell me and I'll give it to you. I want you to go back to Paris. Seriously. Nobody wants you here. So why don't you just leave. You're right. There's nothing here for me in this waste of a town. I'll be there. Have a great day. - Kelly's under a spell. - What? We made Chuck more trusting, but somehow it's made Kelly suspicious of, like, everything. I haven't noticed anything. What's going on? Why are you guys over here without me? Are you two plotting behind my back? Okay, now I see it. Kell, we think you're under a spell. Oh, you would say that. We need to figure out how to break it. But we can't do that while watching Chuck. Kelly's under a spell, so you want me to baby sit a ghost from 1965? He's not a ghost, he was just trapped in time. Because that makes it so much better. It's just until Miss Silvers finishes her lessons for the day. Please? [cell phone buzzing] Why did I just get a text from Darbie that says, "Hey, BFF. Texting is how we talk." - "YOLO." - Yeah, that's Chuck. Darbie's teaching him how to use a cell phone. Right. Look, you all clearly have a lot on your plate today, but I've got food to sell. But, Jake-- [clattering] [groans] This stupid fridge has been going out on me all day. Because they're out to get you. Huh? Who's out to get me? You know. [whispers] Them. Looks like it's me and the ghost. "To give your trust, to build a rapport, "take care that your friend needs it more." That's it. To give your trust. The spell didn't make Chuck more trusting, it literally gave Chuck Kelly's ability to trust. You are pretty trusting, Kell. You always fall for my April Fools jokes, like, always. And now you don't trust anybody. Why should I? Everyone's lying to me, like Hannah. Excuse me? You've been on your phone all day. I'm always on my phone. So are you, big deal. Yeah, but every time you get a phone call, you walk away. So what? If you don't have anything to hide, then let me see your phone. - No! - Kelly, stop! It's a spell. You never do this. Give it back! Give it back right now! - It's private! - "Miss Parker Kent, "this email confirms your orientation next week at "Fox Canyon Magnet." You're going to a new school? Wait, what? It's a magnet school on the other side of town. My parents are making me go. Why didn't you tell us? Because I didn't want to make you upset. 'Cause that would make me upset. Now we're all upset. That's why you're pushing so hard for our summer of fun. It's 'cause it's our last summer together. No, it's not. Yes, it is. You're gonna go to Fox Canyon, and meet new friends that you'll like better than us, and then forget us by second period. Kelly, you know that none of this will ever hap-- [door opens] Oh. Thank goodness you girls are all right. Why wouldn't we be? I've been looking everywhere for Chuck. And when I couldn't find him, I was afraid something terrible had happened. Actually, we have to talk about Chuck. Alone. Away from prying eyes. Kelly's getting worse. Cast one little spell that freezes the town, and suddenly you're the bad guy. Bonjour,Jacques. I need you to look after Madam P's a little longer. I have to take care of something before I can leave. There's no need to be rude. Let me get this straight. You spent the whole day with Chuck. Oh, come on, Kelly, we've been over this. He's dangerous. Trust me. No. Excuse me? No, I don't trust you. I don't like the way you're talking to me. Well, I don't like the lack of explanations. [sighs] It's complicated. A lot happened 50 years ago. Exactly. Chuck's been gone half a century, but you said you kept trying to bring him back. We did. We tried for years. If you really wanted to bring him back, why didn't you just use your morbium? And-- and for that matter, what did you use it on? Darbie: Kelly, we need you in the kitchen. Eyes on you, Grandma. [sighs] Hey, Kelly. We made some baklava for my Dad, but it doesn't taste right. I think we used too much honey. No, Darbie, it's too much cinnamon. Can you settle it for us? I know what you're doing. It's the old "get Kelly to eat baklava" trick. Magic baklava? That's just silly talk is what that is. How many times do I have to tell you I'm not under a spell? It's perfectly normal baklava. Here, I'll eat a piece to prove it. Wait. You really think I'll fall for that? You'll eat the normal piece, and I'll eat the magic piece. Nice try. But you knew I'd be too smart for that, so you gave yourself the spell piece knowing that I'd reach for it. Except you both know that I'd figure that out. But you didn't count on me knowing I'd know you knew what I know. And that's proof I'm not spelled. Oh. Also, Hannah, you're right. Too much cinnamon. This is gross. So is this. What is this? Tamarind juice. With merwaldian sugar. Wait, what? We knew you'd be too paranoid to eat any magic, so we tricked you into drinking some instead. Take Back Tamarind Juice. It should counter the Trust Me Tabouli by taking back your trust. Unless you still think dogs are undercover spies tracking our every move. Of course not. Or that we're all holograms in someone else's imagination. It made sense a minute ago. Or that our friendship won't survive me going to a new school. No, no, I don't think that. I'm sorry. It was the magic making me think that everyone was lying. It was horrible. Oh, no. Grandma. Kelly, we need to talk. Grandma, I'm so sorry I doubted you. Kelly was under a spell that made her suspicious, Grandma Q. But we countered it. Well, that explains your behavior. I didn't mean anything I said. None of it. Can you please forgive me? [sighs] Oh, girls. I know this Chuck situation is... unusual. I'm just trying to keep everybody safe. I know, and we promise we'll be more careful around Chuck. I trust you. Thank you. And to answer your question from before, I would have used my morbium to save Chuck, but he stole my seed when he stole Ida's. But if Chuck stole it, then why did-- Wait. Chuck has two morbium seeds? Mm-hmm. No wonder you're so worried about him. I told you. He's dangerous. [sighs] Guys, I'm so sorry for how I acted today. It was the magic. We understand. Wait, now that I have my trust back, does that mean that Chuck won't trust us anymore? Chuck's been texting me emojis from Jake's phone. I think we're good. About everything I said earlier, um, you know I was just under a spell, right? It doesn't matter where you go to school, we'll always be friends. I know. I'm just glad we un-spelled you before you said anything you'd really regret to your grandma. I'd call this a good day. Well, yeah, except Grandma just told us that Chuck stole her morbium seed. - So? - Well, when she was under the Settle The Beef spell, Miss Silvers said that she never forgave Grandma for how she used her morbium. Guys, I think Grandma lied to us. ♪♪ [air hissing] Nice work, Chuck. Good job. Make a fist. That's a fist bump. It's like a handshake, but cooler. Groovy. Hey, uh, how did you know how to fix this thing? ♪♪ Hey. You okay? Yeah. Yeah. Sorry, I just-- Got a little dizzy for a second. ♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 