Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 
 s1e7 - Monkey Brains - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (2012–2017): Season 1, Episode 7 - Monkey Brains - full transcript 
 Donatello and April investigate a scientist's disappearance, but discover a conspiracy regarding a bizarre psychic monkey instead. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Dude, what are you doing? You don't defend against Seoi Nage with back flips. Why not? Back flips are where it's at. The best defense is to roll along my back, then take me to the ground and put me in an armlock. Unless, of course, I counter with a... Hey, man, you can't take the fire out of... hi-yaah! - Dr. Flip-enstein! - I don't even know what that means. Master Splinter, what would you do if someone tried - to throw you with Seoi Nage? - I don't know. Come on, you must have planned a response for every attack. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 If you think too much about what is coming, you lose sight of what is. You must be fully in the moment so you can fight without thinking. Why would I want to fight without thinking? Allow me to demonstrate. Prepare to defend against Seoi Nage. Ow! That wasn't Seoi Nage! No, but you thought it would be. Now, would you like to prepare to defend against - a spinning back-kick? - No, I'm good. Know what would have worked there? Back flip. ♪ Teenage mutant ninja turtles ♪ ♪ teenage mutant ninja turtles ♪ ♪ teenage mutant ninja turtles ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ heroes in a half shell, turtle power! ♪ ♪ Here we go, it's the lean green ninja team ♪ ♪ on the scene, cool teens doing ninja things ♪ ♪ so extreme, out the sewer like laser beams ♪ ♪ get rocked with the shell shock pizza kings ♪ ♪ can't stop these radical dudes ♪ ♪ the secret of the ooze made the chosen few ♪ ♪ emerge from the shadows to make their move ♪ ♪ the good guys win and the bad guys lose. ♪ ♪ Leonardo's the leader in blue ♪ ♪ does anything it takes to get his ninjas through ♪ ♪ Donatello is the fellow has a way with machines ♪ ♪ Raphael's got the most attitude on the team ♪ ♪ Michelangelo, he's one of a kind ♪ ♪ and you know just where to find him when it's party time. ♪ ♪ Master Splinter taught them every single skill they need ♪ ♪ to be one lean mean green incredible team! ♪ ♪ Teenage mutant ninja turtles ♪ ♪ teenage mutant ninja turtles ♪ ♪ teenage mutant ninja turtles ♪ ♪ heroes in a half shell, turtle power! ♪ sync & correction by f1nc0 ~ addic7ed.com ~  What you up to, Donnie? Just putting the finishing touches on my master plan. - Master plan? - Yeah, to get April to hang out with me. Try this, "April, do you want to hang out with me?" Yeah, you see, it's not that simple. I have to prepare for every possible response to maximize my chances of success. Aw, that's so romantic! Yeah, for instance, if April says she can't because she has homework, then I will suggest an informal study session and serve healthy, brain-stimulating snacks. Well, what if she says she can't because you're a total nerd? Ah, that's this thread here. I will list my many non-nerdy qualities and suggest activities that will highlight my coolness, such as skateboarding or shark wrestling. Guys! - Hey, hey, Ap... hey, April. - You guys gotta check this out. Renowned neurochemist Dr. Tyler Rockwell has been reported missing. I spoke with Rockwell's colleague, Dr. Victor Falco. I hadn't heard from him in days, so I stopped by his lab. The place was a mess and he was gone. I fear the worst. - Police say they have... - So? So the Kraang have been kiDNApping scientists from all over the city, including my Dad! Maybe that's what happened to this Rockwell guy. Or they may not be connected at all. There's only one way to find out. We should go to that lab and look around. April's right. We should go check it out. What's that? You guys are busy? Guess it's just the two of us, April. I bet that wasn't on his flowchart. Whoa. It is! That is spooky. There isn't an electronic lock out there my digital lock pick can't crack. Smooth! Wow, this place is a wreck. Ugh, he must have been experimenting on animals. Either someone was up to some secret research, or they were renting space to one freaky dentist! Mutagen! - Donnie, look out! - Wha...? Dr. Falco! - What are you?! - Relax. I'm not gonna hurt you. - You already hurt me! - I mean... any more. We're here to help. I'm sorry. I wish I knew something about your father, but I don't. - So what can you tell us about this? - Some shady corporate goon paid Rockwell a lot of money to experiment with it. - This the guy? - That's him. - The Kraang! - Well, I wanted no part of that stuff. Who knows what kind of monstrosities could result? - No offense. - Some taken. Is that what was in that cage over there? One of his... monstrosities? Can we ease up on the m-word, please? That's where he kept the monkey he was experimenting on. Whoa. It sure didn't like being locked up in there. Rockwell didn't treat it very well. Maybe the Kraang didn't take Rockwell. Maybe the monkey went berserk, busted out of the cage, and dragged him off... or worse. So how do you suppose we're gonna find Rockwell without any leads? Well, maybe we'll know more once we have a look - at his flash drive. - What flash drive? - The one I swiped off his desk. - Nice! Yeah. Well, keeping cool under pressure is the hallmark of a... Careful, Donnie! That's a dangerous mutant! That makes two of us! Donnie, are you okay? I'm good. - Monkey! - Oh, okay! Whoo! - Donnie? - I was just figuring out his timing. He is gonna regret that... Ow! That... that, too! And that! Got a lot of regrets, monkey! Hey, come on! Hey, ow! It's okay. Everything's going to be all right. What? What is it? Donnie, are you hurt? Just my pride. And my internal organs. Come on. - Whoa, what happened? - Donnie got beat up by a lab monkey. April, can you get an ice pack? Donnie, you gonna be okay? Yeah. Yeah, I'll be fine. In that case... You got beaten up by a monkey? - In front of your girlfriend? - She's not my girlfriend! And that monkey was a vicious mutant! Yeah, I'm sure he went bananas! No, no, no, no, no. He went ape! Monkey! No more monkey puns. Are you laughing at him because he's hurt? No, we were laughing at him because he was hurt by a... monkey! I just don't get it. I mean, I'm a highly trained martial artist. How could I lose to something so mindless? You are very intelligent. But in a fight, you cannot be up here. But I just don't understand how you can fight without thinking. Observe. You see? Mikey does not think. - Thank you. - You're welcome. You must find the space between your thoughts and learn to live there. That's what Michelangelo does. True, but Mikey's got a lot more space between his thoughts than I do. Oh, a pepperoni! Yes, well, Michelangelo has his challenges, too. Guys, I think I've found something. These notes are hard to follow, but it looks like Rockwell - was able to modify the mutagen. - Why would he do that? He thought he could use it to create a neurochemical that would temporarily give someone psychic abilities. You mean that monkey was psychic? It's more like he was reading our emotions. After all, he was only hostile when Donnie was hostile. Yeah, well next time I'll be sure to think friendly thoughts while I'm beating a little sunshine into him. Okay, we need to track him down before he attacks someone else. Let's go up to the surface, spread out, and search. How are we gonna stay in contact? I have a little something that might help. Gentlemen... and lady... I give you... The T-phone! Dude, I'm in charge of naming stuff. I would've called it... - The T-phone. - I did call it the T-phone. Yeah, but I would've called it the T-phone. And April, if you give me your cell number, I can patch you into our network. Sweet! See that? I got her number. Her number's on the fridge, you dork. Guys, someone just spotted the monkey on Bleecker. I think I'm on his trail. Mikey, the monkey is headed your way. I've got eyes on him. He's headed south on Delancey! I'm on Houston! I'll cut him off! Where'd he go? He changed direction. Mikey, the monkey is headed your way! I'm on it! Watch it! Anybody see where he went? I thought he headed off in that direction. I thought it was that way. Here, monkey, monkey, monkey, monkey! - Ha-ha! Gotcha that time! - Great, we got the monkey. But we're not any closer to finding Dr. Rockwell. Actually, we're a lot closer than you think. - What? How? - I think this is Dr. Rockwell! There. That should calm him down a little. Poor Rockwell. Is there any way to get him back to normal? I wouldn't even know where to begin. But I'll see if there's a way to give him some semblance of a normal life. Man, this asteroid field is tough. - I just can't beat it. - Pizza's here! Must eat pizza. But can't stop playing. But must eat pizza. But can't stop playing! But must eat pizza! Sorry we didn't get any closer to finding your Dad, April. It's okay. Everything we learn about the Kraang is another piece of the puzzle. Yeah, but psychic research? - This is one weird puzzle. - I am curious, April. How did you know the monkey was really a human? I don't know. Sometimes I just get a feeling about things. A feeling? Hm. Interesting. Hey, Donnie, how come you're not eating? What? I'm not hungry. Something's been bothering me. Falco said that Rockwell was experimenting on a monkey. And? Well, according to these notes, he never had a monkey in his lab. He was just using samples of monkey DNA. We're still not following you. If he never had a monkey, what broke out of that cage? It must've been Rockwell! Which means Falco put him there and he's been lying this whole time! Oh, stop struggling, Tyler. You were always so dramatic. All right, Falco! We've had enough of your... - Do not say "monkeying around." - I wasn't going to. - Yes, you were. - It's over, Falco! We know it was you who mutated Rockwell! - I used him as a guinea pig. - Well, it didn't work. You turned him into a monkey. The psychic neurochemical I extracted from his mutant brain is changing me. Your minds are opening up to me. - So this was your plan all along. - Of course. No man can defeat you when you know his every thought. Oh, really? Then you must know I'm gonna smack... Smack the white off my lab coat? How humorous! Lucky guess! Hi-yaah! What? - Whoa! It's like he's psychic! - He is psychic, shell brain. - That's what he just said. - Oh, yeah, I kinda tuned out when he did his whole "I'm evil, blah, blah, blah" thing. Heh. How are we going to defeat him if he can read our minds? No prob. I'm good at this. I just have to fight without thinking! Wait a minute, how do I fight without thinking? Oh, no! Now I'm thinking about not thinking! A man who can read minds is unstoppable. Once I dispose of you, no one will be able to stand in my way. We'll see about that. I really must admire that complex brain of yours. You come up with so many ideas. Too bad I can see them all coming. By the way, do you really think you have a chance with April? I can do this. Just have to fight without thinking. No thinking. No thinking. Don't think. Just do. Whoa, Donnie, nice work! Ha! What'd I tell you about those back flips, huh? - Pretty cool! - Now that we have the ooze, let's see what Falco knows about the Kraang. Falco's gone! What do we do about him? I'm no psychic, but I think he's trying to thank us. Um, if he reacts to angry thoughts, is New York city really the best place for him? Hey, monkey! Get outta the... I'm sure he'll be okay. April, it seems you have a rare gift, a sensitivity I have trained my entire life to develop. Don't worry. You'll get it. I did! It just took me a long time. Uh, that's nothing to be ashamed of. What I am trying to say is that I would like to train you to be a Kunoichi... a female ninja. Wow! That's quite an honor. If I do this, does that mean I can kick everybody's butt? We don't believe in using our abilities that way. Oh... oh, yeah! Me neither. But I could, right? Yes. But I warn you. It will be the hardest thing you've ever done. It will drain you mentally, physically, and spiritually. Well, can't be worse than high school. Hey, April, you, uh, wanna hang out tonight? That sounds great, Donnie, but I can't. I'm training with Splinter to be a Kunoichi. Oh. If training with Splinter... Well, then, maybe we can... train together sometime. Sounds great! You see? My flowchart is awesome! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 