Superstition: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Superstition 
 s1e5 - Tangled Web - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Superstition (2017–2018): Season 1, Episode 5 - Tangled Web - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Last time on Superstition... Looks like you're gonna be the man of the house soon. Want you to take this. How can you see her? It must be Pop's ring. He is your father whether you like it or not. I wish it was you and not my mom. Did you just jump dimensions for me? I couldn't bear to lose another son. Now, I need to protect my family. Arlo, what are you doing? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Pop said that was off limits. - It's just a ring, Calvin. - Last week I touched what I thought was just a watch and my hand still stinks. Let's go. Aren't you curious? - No. - Come on, look. - We're in a room filled with dope ass weapons. - Arlo. Crossbows, swords, talismans. There's gotta be something awesome about that weapon. That ring. Nothing so closely represents our family's legacy as that ring. When you put it on... You have to be fully committed to using it, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 without hesitation. What if we hesitate, Pop? When you're ready... And only when you're really ready for all the responsibility that comes with knowing, I'll tell you both. Not until then. Hmm? But what'd I tell ya'll about being in this room? Hey, Calvin. - Um... - Hey. - What a coincidence. - Imagine that. Yeah. What, that in a town with limited food options we'd see you here for lunch? So... Since we're all here, we may as well just share a table, make it easy. - What do you think? - Yeah. Yeah, let's do that. Okay, I get it. You guys set up this whole little happy to run into each other family meal. You're lucky you caught me at the right amount of starving. I cannot fight this. Let's get to the tough decisions first. Curly fries or onion rings? I got bad news. What you've got is bad timing. Ain't no good timing to deliver what I got to say. What you do with the message is up to you. But I will caution. If ignored, your family will end up dead. As dead as that man in the box. I miss this sauce. Ketchup? I will have you know, this is a very complex, secret family blend. And your mom will back me on it. 'Cause she used to make it almost every week. - You worked at the Cottonmouth? - We're not discussing that. She was a waitress, but she spent most of her time telling everybody else what to do. Yeah, that I believe. Well, here's what you want. One night, your mom, she was supposed to be cleaning the grease traps. But she ends up Tom Sawyering me to do it. I believe I rewarded you with something very special that night, did I not? Oh, my God. You had sex with him for grease traps? God, no, Garvey! Your mom made this recipe for fries out of almost everything she could find in the kitchen that was borderline expired. Chili, uh, pastrami, hot sauce, more hot sauce, - cheddar cheese. - It was not cheddar, it was pimento. If you're going to tell the story, tell it right. Whatever. And she called it fireworks fries. What's the fireworks? What was it, hot sauce? Uh... Well, that was where your mom finally decided to tell me she loved me. After, big guy here, told me first. And then we took up the old Cottonmouth tradition of carving our initials into the bar. Along with the hundreds of other initials that were there. Random initials. - You remember, May? - Yeah. And it's still up there if you wanna see it, Garvey. Why? To see a symbol of something that doesn't exist? I mean, all tradition, you guys still split up, so... - Garvey. - What? We're not a family. Not a real one. So, the next time you guys wanna ambush me, skip it. Looks like Mom needs me. I gotta run. Mmm. So, you two are old friends? In a manner of speaking. And I've known your father ways before that. Like the kind of old friends that value faded pictures of each other or... The kind that have some long standing grudge. Guess we'll keep this conversation about the present. Well, pecan pie and visions of death. You have my undivided attention, Aunt Nancy. So, how exactly are we going to die? The Dredge. That furnace is still kicking, we can go ahead there right now. I wouldn't be so quick to rush to the very thing - that's trying to take you and your family down. - Why is its sights set on us? If I knew that I wouldn't have bought the sweets. But... Every piece of a person's life is woven like a web. One moment, this moment. Past, future, all... Conducted as one. I've gleaned that the fight coming with The Dredge, is tied to another nasty inferno, in your past. Aunt Nancy has a gift for collecting memories. And once collected, I can read 'em like the pages of a book. That's quite a tale. Aunt Nancy, huh? That's cute. Little play on words. Because she's no one's aunt. You're looking at the Anansi. There's quite a few Anansis running around these days. There's only one. Heard you died, like, 100 years ago in Ghana. A good story is hard to keep buried. And the new ones always have to change the title. Curacao, Shi Maria. Professional trickster. Different names, same old lies. Except she's gonna use her creepy blood magic to weave a web of them to catch your tail. Whether you want to give it up or not. I see you two are old friends, too. She's a guest in our home, Tilly. Yeah, I would've recommended that you keep her in the porch, but it looks like we're way past that. - Do not eat that pie! - Hey! I see you still have a flair for the dramatic. My guess, there'll be no shortage of drama today. Calvin! - Calvin, what's wrong? - You see, I warned you! Looks like we'll be skipping once upon a time. What is this, Aunt Nancy? Don't worry he's not dead, it's just that some people that need to go on a journey the most need a little push. What exactly are you pushing my boy to remember? You and I have been on the same side more than not, but you come into my home talking about the most painful day of my life... You'd better have a damn good reason to dig into this darkness. We shut some memories behind a door, Bea. 'Cause some losses are just too hard to go on with them out in the open. What happened to Arlo was a tragedy, I came to keep you from having another one. Arlo? No. Pop! Why? Why? I understand you have reservations. But she and her family have a long history of... Which I'll remind you hasn't always been so smooth. She's dangerous, Bea. Don't confuse power with danger. Your family and I have always done what's best, with regard to this very unique town. And how many other towns have you left behind during your wake? Traveling around collecting stories, collateral damage to be damned. You've come to like the drama, haven't you? She's an unreliable narrator. You view people, so they're mainly just characters, huh? Live or die, bothers you in the least. - What's happening? - I don't know. Sometimes the answer's gotta rattle loose. Bring him out of the vision. I can't. It's like Tilly said, I'm not the writer, I'm just the reader. - What does that mean exactly? - Calvin's gotta wake himself. - Is that... - Stand back. Oh, God. Oh, God. Are you okay? Good. You got my text. All eight of 'em. I could've sent a squad car. Last I checked, somebody was still grounded. I let you slide for the stunt you pulled over at the Cottonmouth, but that was not one of your best moments. Yeah, I know. I get it. I get it, too. You've been juggling a lot lately. So, I figured I would back up, you know, just make some ribs, have game night at the house, just me and you. - That's my punishment? - Ha-ha. Unfortunately, I just landed this really time-sensitive case, so, I was thinking we could just spend the quality time together here. Or I could extend your grounding. Quality time it is. Just sit here, while you work on your case. Oh, no, no. You're gonna talk to me. Let me have that. Texting your friends the whole night kinda defeats the purpose of said quality time, don't you think? Thank you. Where do you want delivery from? How did you get in this room? You wanna pretend that protection spells and trinkets can keep me out of it? I was curious. I wanted to see where you spend your days. I do miss you sometimes. You were my favorite. The Artful Dodger had nothing on me. I didn't hear you complaining about it when I filled your belly full of cornbread. It was easier then between us, when you were younger. You should know better than anybody else. The story gets more complicated as it goes on. Doesn't mean that I don't ever consider a different path. But brevity aside, ours was a wonderful tale. We both know that you fit better with the Hastings, and I see that they've come to think of you as family. After all... Your blood is kept with the rest of theirs. So... Given how they feel about you, I'm curious. Why don't the Hastings know how you've come to be everything that you are? I'll tell them when I'm ready. Or have you forgotten? It's my story to tell. But to keep a story as good as yours on a shelf... We both know that's a missed opportunity. The truth will come out. It always does. And what uncomfortable truth are you trying to ring out of Calvin? You may be wary of me being in your home, but trust me, the Hastings would rather learn their hidden truths from my methods, as opposed to the ones implemented by The Dredge. I... I don't even have the words to describe. It felt... Real. How the hell does reliving this connect us to The Dredge? You know, I've known Aunt Nancy for a long time. And when she senses trouble brewing, she's usually right to some degree. - I mean, her process may be questionable... - Questionable? She gave me pie. She should have given me a heads-up that I was gonna be trapped in my own head. And clearly, there's more to this process than remembering. It's because she uses a method that taps into your soul. That really sounds like it's gonna hurt. You see, Aunt Nancy isn't showing you a memory. You're literally reliving it. See, she does that by tapping into the lines that run through all of us. Okay, so now that crazy talk about spider webs - is starting to make sense. - People go to therapy, right? Because metaphorically speaking, your memories can hurt you. It's the same thing. Except, Aunt Nancy did not tell you about that little detail that when you're reliving in that altered state, - it can also... - Kill you. You were literally re-injured. - And if Tilly hadn't pulled you out... - You'd be dead. The best stories are tinged with danger. Well, if that doesn't sound like a reason enough not to get back onboard the crazy train, I don't know what does. Agreed. Which is why I'll go instead. - What? No! - Ma. No, no. You almost died that day, too. So, I should do nothing and we just wait for this new infernal to come for us? We need to know what this fight is about. - We need answers. - Well, what if you go and I lose you in the past, too? You don't have to unspool the thread of your story. But the pages you've traversed have shown me this. If the answers are not found in the past, you will lose your other son in the present. I don't like this at all. Look, I appreciate your concern. Don't forget, I'm well-versed in taking on the unexpected. I'd say finding out Dad killed Arlo was unexpected enough. Now we're being told there's more hell wrapped up in that day. You know, maybe we should just let whatever's in the shadows just stay there. If Aunt Nancy told you Garvey's life was on the line, you would be back in that memory looking for clues, you would. Well, it doesn't change the fact that this soul cord stuff is dangerous. It also doesn't change the fact that your memories alone can't provide the answer. Whether trauma or magic, for some reason, Calvin's memories fail him. Well... As much as I do like a good family drama, I think it's time to begin. Again. - No talking you out of this, is there? - No. I'm gonna be holding your hand the entire time. It's easy to get lost in there, so... If you hear me call your name, just answer, okay? I'll be listening. I'm worried about our little boy's pushing when he should be pulling, talking when he should be listening. He's smart and bright, just maybe too bright for his own good. Fathers and sons clash. Thankfully, we have Calvin to look after him, too. Yeah, and two boys that can't swim can drown each other. Hey, wait, I'm sorry. You asked me here to talk and here I am blabbing. What you got on your mind? Uh, I've... I have some concerning news about Calvin and May. Don't tell me he let that good one slip through his fingers. Hmm, she reminds me of you, Bea. We Hastings men, we need a good woman that keep us centered, on track, in line. May told me a secret. One that she wants me to keep from Calvin for now. She's pregnant. We're gonna be grandparents? Oh, wow. Girl, you'll be the youngest, finest granny ever. Grandma! Ah! Grandma! Whoo! Man. - You... - What? You just, you... I don't know. You've seen it all and done it all and... What I love about you is, you... - You still live in the moment. - It is a good moment. On the other side of that, our baby is going to have a baby of his own soon. - Mmm-hmm. - Are you sure the family business is what we want Calvin and Arlo committing to? Well... It's in their blood, Bea. It's their duty. One that you yourself has struggled with. True. But look around you. So many of these people, they have empty lives, looking for a reason. And then there's us. And the good we do, the good that only we can do far outweighs the burden. And you know that I'm not lying when I say, Calvin's a natural at it. Natural. Doesn't necessarily mean natural fit. Are you saying you want Calvin to walk away from his true calling? No, I'm... I'm saying that you need to tell him everything. The best of it, the darkest parts, too. And then he can pick his path. And after all, it's... It's not just his life to consider anymore. It's... It's our grandkids, too. Russ had better not be sending you anything more scandalous than some smiley face emojis. Is that why I'm in jail? Keep my virginity locked up. Everything below is off-limits. So everything above it is fair game. We're not Gilmore Girls open. I'm not about to share every detail of my life with you. You can trust me. As of late, I haven't been able to trust you with anything. You've been sneaking around, dabbling in mysticism. That's a part of who I am. And that is why I need the Hastings to go over the list of dangers that come along with it. So that's what that was. Hey, we just happened to run into the man who followed you at the Cottonmouth for lunch. Force us to spend quality time together. Not the smoothest play, but still the right one. Your father is the only one who can help you navigate what you've been born into, Garvey. Yeah, well, it wasn't exactly my decision to keep him away. I made a judgment call to protect you. Okay? I thought I could keep you away from the creepiness in the world, but apparently, I can't. So, new call. You will make an attempt to get to know your father. - Stop calling him that. - That is who he is. Donating DNA doesn't mean I need to send him a card every year mid-June. You can call him the tooth fairy, if you want to. I don't care. You will get to know him. He's the only one who can help you with the path. I have made it this far. I think me and my path are doing just fine. I can handle this. Famous last words from every teenager throughout time. Are they coming for us? What? - Did we do that? - All right, you just stay here. Hmm. Thank you. It is glorious to finally be out. No. Get back in. I... I command you. You're scared of this, aren't you? That's no magic lamp and I'm no genie. You turned the key on the prison that's held me for centuries. Okay, well, you don't have to get back in, but could you just go away? I promise I won't tell anybody. I promise. I recall that custom. You cross your heart. So do you now hope to die? If I'm the one that got you out, I'm the one that can put you back in. But your father hasn't taught you to do that, has he? Otherwise, you would have done so. I can't touch the ring, but because you can, together we can unleash my brethren. I'm not helping you do anything. You have little choice, boy. Hey, get away from my brother before I kick your ugly gray ass. Calvin. Is this that gray ass-kicking you were talking about? There's a darkness in your soul. Calvin. Like chains, families are only as strong as the weakest link. But the weakest infernal sets dimensional shift traps to pick on boys. You want to get your fight on? Come on up to the womens' department. Bitch. And what's to be found there? The source of your son's weakness? Mom! Mom! Ugh. Tilly! Ma, come back to me. - Come back! - What is it? What? You got that taser charged up? Oh, yeah, the spirit and the Holy Ghost. It's happening. Better improvise, Till. 'Cause her heart just stopped. Okay. You always were clever. And you remain duplicitous. If you want your family safe, kick her the hell out of this house! What else did you see? She saw Arlo's mistake. What does that mean? This house is fortified. No malevolent spirit should have been able to enter that night. The only way they could have is if a spirit was tied to one of us. No. No, we promised each other not to mess with anything Isaac hadn't shown us how to use. - He wouldn't have gone against that. - What if he was tricked? The infernal used Arlo to get free. And it was after something in your study. That study is filled with thousands of weapons and writings and relics. It could've been after anything. Mom, was there anything else you remember? She did wake in the Cottonmouth. What does one thing have to do with the other? Mom? Your future... After Arlo passed, I... Spoke with Isaac about helping you pick a quieter path. One different from all these deathlessness. You knew May was pregnant. Ma, how could you keep that from me? No matter their age, parents protect their children from monsters. Arlo's death became something I couldn't guard you from. You were no good to yourself. And May could see at that time that you would be no good to her. Your Garvey... She was right. How could you not respect her wishes? Clearly your future is important, Calvin. That infernal didn't just wanna end your family, it wanted to end your legacy. Pop always said, this ring was our legacy. Arlo must have stood his ground against the infernal to keep it. Your father has secrets regarding that ring that even I don't know. And things he'd planned to teach you when he saw you ready. Pop may have had a plan, but he's not here. You said you wanted to help me choose a path, but I need to know the truth to know that I can handle it. I get the pull to see the truth, I do. But, Calvin, we both tried and we didn't get any answers. This time it will be different. This time we'll go into the memories together. Once combined, we can find a way to help the family. Well, let's find a bigger room. So, I've been doing some thinking... And it seems the more salacious the ending, the more you like the story. Not that you'll believe this, but this journey taken ultimately will keep you safe. The Dredge has designs on that ring. I don't know what exactly. Right. But you know something. I know that he told me either I help him acquire it, or when he does, he swore there will be a reckoning. And to that end, I apologize in advance for what's about to happen next. What the hell are you doing? I'm bombarding them with the memory repeatedly. They led you how far? No, I know how far you are, that's a pretty big soup of the area. All is well here. Okay. Okay, bye. If we're gonna end this, we're gonna need Arlo and Isaac's account of that night. Since they're not here, I got you the next best thing. Blood is a mystical representation of a person's whole life, and this is theirs. You remain quite the clever girl. I'm eager to see how this story ends. Arlo... What happened to Mom? Arlo! It's inside of me. Shut up, boy. It's gonna reach hundreds of infernals and kill everyone. You gotta shoot me. I messed up and I let it out. You gotta help me make this right. No, dark soul. Your future will bring death to others. And I will unleash hell upon your world that hasn't been seen since Solomon. Pull the trigger, Calvin. Or people are gonna die. It's the only way. Do it! The sons of the great infernal hunter, will fall. And from your bones I will forge a weapon that will kill your un-killlable father. You're as weak as your brother. Calvin. Why? Because we don't see things as they are, we see things as we are. What I wanna see is you leave. Our stories are part of life's tapestry. Leave! You lied. You lied to me. You let them do it. Only to protect you. - From the fact that I'm a monster? - No, son, no. That thing was right. I do, I have a dark soul, Ma. Calvin... My heart broke for Arlo. But in those final minutes he embraced the burden of our legacy, and the two of you together kept hundreds of horrors locked away. And maybe that's why your dark soul is needed. I failed him. I failed Arlo. - And worse, I blamed Pop for it. - Calvin. Being a parent means you protect your children as best as you can. Your daughter will be facing her own choices soon. When you look into her eyes, maybe you'll understand why your father did what he did. But I don't. I don't understand it yet. Hey. I need a bourbon. Mmm. Two fingers. Heck of a night for you, too, huh? Yeah. Bea, can I ask you something? Do you think I made the right decision in keeping Garvey and Calvin apart? With kids, sometimes it takes years to learn you've made the right decision. And the day you go through gut, and pray you're right by them. My gut... My gut tells me they need to talk. I feel like he's the only one who can help her. Or maybe she's the only one who can help him. Sometimes I come here to think. That's your favorite spot, too? Look, I don't get most of what the family does, but I know it's important. I'm just not so sure I can handle the weight of it all. Neither am I. Sometimes I think I can. Sometimes, not so much. Yeah? Do you know what I do when I don't know which way to go in life? I get pancakes. Bigger the problem, the higher the stack. Or maybe we can get some now. Maybe, over them you can tell me how you deal with everything when it just gets so bad. I was kinda hoping you could tell me the same thing. So, the Cottonmouth? I guess that means a rain check? Unfortunately. You got monsters to slay... Dad. It's okay, really. I get it. I'll hold you to that rain check. Make sure you do. I got your text, I'm on the way. Does my family amuse you? Only their father. But you might wanna thank me for saving them, or at least delaying their slaughter. I think it'd be wise you leave them the hell alone. Welcome back, Isaac. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 