Balls Deep: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Balls Deep 
 s2e2 - Trump Campaigners - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Balls Deep (2016–…): Season 2, Episode 2 - Trump Campaigners - full transcript 
 Thomas meets Ralph Case, Trump's top volunteer in southern Ohio, and the band of Trump supporters he's mustered to get out the Trump vote. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Ralph: So we're gonna take one, two, three, eight of them. Thomas. Thomas, you want to carry a couple too? - Yeah. Unfortunately, when I'm done, before the night's over with, I'll have to pull them - Yeah. Because otherwise, they'll end up missing. - Come on, tough guy. - Like that? Yeah. We'll put this in the road just like that. Hey, I think that's their yard, Thomas. I don't know if I should put one there. - Oh, oh, okay. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Um, actually, you know what? Go ahead. Just put it real close to my driveway. Real close? Okay. Okay. Encroaching on the neighbor's turf. ** The phrase "grass roots" has been applied to numerous presidential campaigns over the last 30 years and is in large part bull shit. There's nothing more top-down than a presidential campaign. One central office gives marching orders to the regional offices, and they carry it out on the street. This election cycle, though, has seen at least one truly grass-roots campaign. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 That is the run of Mr. Donald Trump, who has an official campaign and staff, albeit a small one, but whose popularity and success has rested largely on the efforts of his volunteers across the country. One of these Trump aficionados is Ralph Case of Ohio, who took it on his own initiative to set up a campaign office for him in the lead-up to Ohio's primaries, won at least his portion of the state for the Donald and is now off to do it again in West Virginia, I think, out of his own pocket which is laudable... maybe. [ Hammer pounding ] [ Drill whirring ] Stark County, Ohio, is right in the middle of Akron and Canton. Very plain Ohio towns out here. It's a typical suburban territory. It's about as average America as you get. And Ralph, I think, pretty much constitutes your average American. Phew, this is just some of the stuff I do. I do it all, though, anything from the ground up. I mean, I have a network of people if I need them. Um, but I like to keep the money myself because I raise two kids on my own, a 12-year-old and a 4-year-old, you know. Right. Ralph, in addition to, uh, heading up the volunteer efforts for Trump down here in, uh, Ohio, is, uh, also runs his own business and is a father of two -- a single father of two. My kids need me, I'm gone, man. - Yeah. - My kids come first over anything. You know, with all this crazy stuff going on in schools nowaday, I fear for my kids' going to school sometimes. You know what I mean? 'Cause you don't know what's gonna happen. That's true. And if he's got to barrel into a closet or underneath a desk, he can call me. That's good. Yeah. And dad can get armed up and go. You know what I mean? And it could save the day. You know what I mean? Just a plain local school. - Yes, sir. - Plain local school. How's Gavin doing today? Yeah. Did you do something positive today? Hmm, did you do something positive today? Yeah. What'd you do? Awesome. Phew, this thing is big. Ralph is campaigning with gusto, which, uh, you kind of expect of a seasoned veteran. But, um, this is his first real go-round. It's his first real interest at all in our presidential politics or, I think, politics of any kind. I got this, Daddy. Let go. You got that? You got to push. You got to push at the same time, okay? You can do it. You -- you're started it. Go ahead. Finish it. - Yeah. - Here, I'll help you. - You almost got it. - You -- you push the button. Okay. Thomas: It's a lot to juggle. He's, uh, giving it his all for the, uh, man who would be king or president. Trump is our last hope. He's -- he's the last hope for this country, last hope for our kids' future. I feel very strongly about that. I went to go see him at the Cleveland I-X Center. - How was it? - It was great. It was amazing. It was better than a rock concert, man. - Huh. - It was definitely amazing. I'd go again and again and again. Yeah. I hear you. Listen to this, man. Okay. $11 billion to $22 billion is spent on welfare to illegal immigrations each year by the state government on primary and secondary school education for children here illegally. And they cannot speak a word of English. $200 billion dollars a year suppress American wages and caused by illegal immigration, meaning they're taking our jobs. Right, right, right. And this administration doesn't see that? No. He wants to bring more. And if we had that great wall with that wonderful door, it wouldn't be as easy to come back in. Anyhow... [ Both laugh ] Ralph's involvement with the campaign apparently started, like, the day Trump declared his candidacy over a year ago. Yeah. The minute he come down on the escalator. I watched his chest. And then he come down with his wife, down the escalator. And he said he was running for the president of the United States. The next day, I was on the phone to New York, leaving messages. I sent e-mails. And I was sending e-mails, like, every day, like, "I want to be involved. I want to help." Uh, they did not call him back about that. But he took, uh, took the initiative and, uh, rented out an old tanning salon and set up a Stark County, Ohio, campaign office. His portion of Ohio, uh, Trump swept for the primaries. And now the campaign office has asked him to go to Wheeling, West Virginia, and set up a Trump HQ. Supposed to give you this donation for the West Virginia, uh... Oh. Oh, okay. All right. Yeah. There's one, two, three, four. Okay. We really appreciate it, buddy. Hey, thanks for all your support. Wow. Gavin, why don't you go show them what you do for a hobby real quick while I get my medicine? - Okay. - It's downstairs. - Don't mind the mess, but... - That's fine. Basements aren't supposed to be, uh, the cleanest part of the house. Whoa. [ Chuckles ] How long did this take you? A year or two. That's amazing. Did your dad make the, uh, table for you? Yeah. Is it ready? I want to play. Away we go. I thought, "I'm gonna build the Trump Tower." He's -- he's gonna build an empire like Mr. Trump. Thomas: Are there a lot of, like, Trump kids in your class? - A lot of people like him? - No. No? Um, I got told I was racist for liking Trump. By who? A bunch of kids. Mm. They keep saying, "Donald Trump's doing nothing for this country. He's just driving it to the ground." Where are they getting that from? Their parents. I never did this before. There. Done. You did good. Good enough. Oh. Clean and ready to start cooking whenever. - All right. - What time is it? Uh, 4:20. What a number. Yeah. [ Chuckles ] All right. We're coming in for a few minutes, okay? You guys want something to drink? Weed number. Dad, who's gonna win? Trump. [ Laughter ] You don't know what's coming. I'm not sure. The blue one. Let's see. So the red's Republican, isn't it? Some prognostication. - Whoa! - See? Democrat's off the beaten trail. - Yeah! - Bonus. No way. I need to start chopping. You want to chop some onions? I need to chop. - Sure. - Don't cry. We need to... - Oh, man, Thomas. - Mm-hmm. You ever chopped up an onion before? - Yeah. - Okay. - Just... - Is it okay? - Just trying to... - Get through it? You need a different knife? Maybe a different knife, yeah. I'm gonna try this thing. Ralph's hosting a little get-together at his place for, uh, all the neighborhood Trumpies. What strikes me about a lot of the volunteers down here for Trump is nobody really seems to come from a standard Republican background. Uh, honestly, most of them don't even seem to have been involved in politics before this election. Trump's the one who, you know, kind of caught their attention and galvanized them, including Ralph, uh, who just voted what his father voted in previous presidential elections. Dad, that's Thomas. Thomas, this is my father, Ralph, Sr. - Nice to meet you. Thomas. - Nice to meet you. They're almost what we used to talk about as Reagan democrats. They're, you know, working-class people, who might otherwise be drawn towards, uh, left-wing policies like single payer healthcare, a redistributive tax model, but who like Trump because he's, you know, a tough dude, 'cause he is, uh, throws his weight out there, says what he's thinking, speaks his mind for better and worse, makes fun of people on Twitter, you know? He's the fun candidate. Trump! Trump! Trump! Vote, vote Trump! Vote for Trump! Make America great again! Vote for Trump! Is the lipstick for Trump, too, or does that predate... Well, hey. No. It's -- it's Trump's lips. Oh. I mean, he's a man that's saying what he means and means what he says. And so you can't talk. It's very difficult to talk without lips. That is true. ** [ Grieg's "Morning Mood" plays ] Morning. Um, today Ralph is going to set up the office, uh, in Wheeling, West Virginia, for the Trump campaign. Wheeling is sort of... It's about an hour and a half from here and is kind of as far north in West Virginia as you can get. It's in the panhandle. Oh. Boy. Hey. Morning, Gavin. Keys. Keys. Check. Check. Emergency phone. - Ready. - Yeah. All right. But I'm not quite sure what the relationship is between the volunteer campaign staff and the official one. But based on the hushed tones Ralph has used, it's, uh, potentially combative or maybe just, like, kind of, I don't know, a little weird. So we'll see. Sorry. It's early. But on to West Virginia. We've got to pick up Craig too, who, um, I think was a roadie for Lynyrd Skynyrd and... Oh. [ Car horn beeping ] Taxi's here. Hey, Craig. How we doing, buddy? You got a bag you're taking or something? Craig: I've been calling Sweden a lot. And I -- I've called them, like, 25 times. I call a random Swede, you know? I would have the most pleasant conversations with people. And I'd go, "You know, I'm a Donald Trump supporter. "What's wrong with you? I hate your freaking guts." Click! You call Sweden, and everybody hates Trump. And I'm going... "Why?" "...Where do you get this?" - Fear state. - I don't even follow politics. I'm not a political person. I just see this country's being destroyed, and I'm just freaked. [ Laughs ] Yeah, there's something seriously wrong. Oh, it's crazy. And I think Trump's the only one that can fix it. I do, too. I really do. Yeah, so... I don't see any other hope. Let's go on for Trump, West Virginia. ** Oh. It's Saturday, though. What's Dark View, by the way? Dark View is a haunted house that I volunteer at. My character is called El Sid. Cool. That sounds really good. Oh, it's a blast. I love scaring people. I'm a registered Republican. But I can tell you that if the, uh, if the Republican hierarchy hijacks the nomination from Donald Trump, one of two things is gonna happen. Either "A," they just handed the White House to the democrats... They already did it. They don't have to do that. ...Or -- or "B," Mr. Trump's gonna be our first, uh, independent president in -- in modern history. I'll write him in. I don't have any... I know how to spell his name. - All right. - That's really exciting though, kind of like, uh, breaking, uh, the political establishment. - Remember... - They're afraid. ...the Titanic was built by professionals. The ark was built by amateurs. Trump is a true politician because he is a true American wanting to go by what our constitution says. And by that way, he's the only true politician running. Well, and -- and -- and he... Thomas: Versus, like, a professional politician. - Right. - Well, yeah. The money men. I forgot you had people with you. Yes, sir. We got more coming. [ Indistinct talking ] We're in an old Georgian or Victorian. I don't know what the hours are. But we're gonna have to come up with hours and redo this unless you guys are able to do the 99. I know there wasn't the sticky thing on it. But we need to start making some signs. Thomas, you want to help make some signs? Those are 200 bags and then 100 in the sticks. So let's just open one of these boxes. Gavin, you want to help me get started on setting these up? That's my son, Gavin, by the way, guys. Gavin, this is everybody. Me. Ralph. - Ralph. How are you? - Good. Good. Nice to meet you. - Good. Thank you so much. I've got some cookies and some water for you guys. Awesome. Thank you so much. Okay. Oh, that's fine if you do that. And -- and no problem if -- if we... We'll do whatever it takes, you know. It's gonna be cut short, Thomas. They're -- they're leaving. Good. Very good. They're coming out. That's not the issue. Is there anything else? No. Okay. All right. This has taken us by surprise, Ralph. We'll obey the rules. Okay? It's fine. We all shouldn't be taken by surprise. I mean, I understand that you're a volunteer effort. But you're working for an organization. And it's... I'm not working for anybody. You're volunteering. Correct. Okay. Well, then we'll have to reassess how your volunteer efforts go. Well, that's fine. I mean, I could pack up and leave right now, Beth... No. We're not asking you to. 'Cause I'm ready to. Thomas: Are there people we can talk to, though? We want to do this all, like, we're not trying to do this not on the level. We thought by working with Ralph that we were gonna be okay. You'll have to -- you'll have to contact Hope Hicks. - Oh, okay. - Hope Hicks. - In, uh... - She's our media director. - Yeah. Okay. - Hope Hicks is your media director? - The campaign media director. - That's right. And you're a volunteer. She's not your media director. I said, uh... Yeah, is the media director. - Got it. - We have to -- we have to refer them to Hope Hicks. - Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. -Okay. That's who we should talk to. - Okay. - Exactly. When it comes to campaign stuff. So I will wait till these folks go. And I appreciate your help. I should have left when I wanted to leave on my terms. You know what I mean? But I just want to get out of here. So we'll just hit 70, and we'll find somewhere off the highway to Canton. Okay. ** Thomas: So things did not go as planned in West Virginia. Um, we've kind of driven back to Canton. I think Ralph claims he sent in a, uh, resignation letter, I think, via text. I don't know how permanent it is. He's on the phone with somebody right now. I don't know if they're from the campaign or from where. I -- I don't know what was said about me, you know, from her. I'm sure it was pretty negative. You know what I mean? I would really hate to see something being negative put on the campaign. You know what I mean? Who was that? Was that, uh... Was that somebody from the campaign or...? Was that guy -- I'm confused by who that guy was. Sorry. Was he a campaign guy or...? Yeah, this isn't gonna diminish your effort done here, is it, or out here? Oh, I'm -- I'm not doing it up here. I'm done. If this is what it's gonna create for me, it's not worth it to me. I'll go do my vote, and that's it and small talk. You know what I mean? Yeah. I'm for Trump. Yeah. I'm for Trump. Of course I'm for Trump. You know what I mean? And I'll cast my vote, you know. And I know if Mr. Trump knew what I was doing, he would be greatly appreciating what I was doing. I hope. Yeah. Absolutely. So all right, buddy. Take care. It's good seeing you. We'll be in touch, man. Okay. For sure. Yeah. You want to take the cake? Just unloading those boxes, Gavin. They can come in. Here, it goes in the fridge? Yeah. Just for a few minutes. And, here, take a couple of these. Why not just use some of these while we're here. Anything else? Nope. I don't feel right, Thomas. Mm-hmm. You know what I mean? I don't feel right, you know? It's, like, ass-backwards. [ Scoffs ] It's sad 'cause this doesn't hurt anybody but Trump. I feel really bad, you know. Thomas: Me too. But it is what it is. And we'll have to roll with it and see what happens, you know? Even a little warm, it's still pretty good. You did fine work on this cake. [ Laughter ] Nice, Gavin. Oh. - Trump! - And that's true sacrifice. You know what, communist? Trump! - I got a question. Go move to Canada. Go move where you got no freedom of speech, commie. I'll go move to -- ** You're gonna burn in hell for burning the American flag, you socialist homo huggers. Move back! [ Crowd chanting ] [ Indistinct shouting ] [ Shouting indistinctly ] So despite what happened in West Virginia, um, Ralph has stuck with the campaign. He's not part of the actual campaign. Of course, he never was. He was a volunteer. But hasn't been doing too much since, uh, the whole thing. But he has come to the convention, still supports Trump, still is jazzed about it. This is the protest area, Gavin. This is probably everybody that's... All right. Here we are in Cleveland. ...Trump making America hate. This is probably where all the things will be popping off. Stay close to me, Gavin. - I'm close to you. We're buying a beach ball. I want to give them to everybody. [ Laughs ] - That's a good idea. - Give me part of it. - Thomas, we got to blow some of these up, buddy. All right. "Crooked Hillary" and "Trump 2016." There it is. Anytime, buddy. Ralph, what are you gonna be doing after this? Are you gonna try to hook back up with the campaign again? Uh, I -- I -- I don't know what's gonna happen. For right now, I'm gonna get these balls flying in the air. Sorry. Sorry. It was an accident. It was an accident. I was trying to regain my ball. - Okay. - But you took it from me. This is exactly what I did not want you to do. You don't listen to me. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to. It was an accident. - That's all right. - I apologized. [ Groans ] Thomas: Let's get the lay of the land. All right. I'm gonna walk down this way. All right. Kind of just venture around. What are you gonna do for the, uh, election itself? Are you gonna get back with the campaign? No. We're gonna do something -- I'm gonna do something on our own. - Where'd you get the beach ball? - You can have it. - Whoo! Thank you! - Go Trump! - Whoo! - [ Laughs ] Grass roots is where it is. But I don't think I'll be on the campaign. I -- I -- I can spread the word faster on my own than working with the campaign. Yeah. I learned that doing -- during the primary. What do you think? Pretty crazy, huh? It's not as bad as I thought it would be. ** It is time to show the whole world that America is back. Morton: Ralph actually perfectly fits the profile of what Eric Hoffer back in the 1950s described as the true believer. He's fused his identity with Trump's mass movement as a means not just to redeem America from its, you know, assorted social vices and defects and flaws, but those in his own life. [ Crowd chanting "USA! USA!" ] Some of the specific goals he states and facts may strike an outsider as, you know, off base or contradictory or even just wrong. They're not the point, really. Proselytizing for Trump's given him a sense of purpose and meaning that no one in his community, in the country, and the media has ever offered. That's a lot harder to argue against than some nonsense on Twitter, so here we go. Trump. ** Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 