Balls Deep: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Balls Deep 
 s2e3 - Ranchers - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Balls Deep (2016–…): Season 2, Episode 3 - Ranchers - full transcript 
 Sheep and Cattleman Hank Voegler protects his flocks from the Nevada desert's two greatest predators: Coyotes and the Federal Government. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hank: "You talk about your lamb chops and the woolen clothes you wear, but never a word or never a care for the man that put 'em there. I've summered in the tropics, had the yellow-fevered chill. I've wintered in the Arctic, known every ache and ill. Been shanghaied on a whaler and stranded in the deep, but I didn't know what misery was till I started herding sheep." ** [ Lamb bleats ] The Western ranchers earned a weird reputation in recent days from the Bundy Ranch Stand-Off in Nevada... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Our battle is about who owns this land. ...to the stand-off at the Malheur Wildlife Refuge in Oregon. It seems like sheep- and cattlemen across the West are drawing the short end of the stick as far as public opinion, and how they're treated by the various government agencies which administer all the lands out here. To find out how land disputes like this have arisen, in a land so spacious you'd think think there's room for everyone, I decided to spend my spring with a sheep rancher named Hank Vogler in central Nevada to try to figure out what's going wrong on the range. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [ Banging ] [ Thudding ] [ Bang ] Hank: This is filariae -- make a sheep fat, make a cow fat, make anything fat. This is all sheep feed. 90%, 95%, maybe 98% of this field is black sage. Here -- Smash that on your hand and then smell it. Whew! That's sagey. Yeah. It's very strong. yeah. Yeah. You can sell this to high-school students. [ Laughs ] No. Oh. See there? That's really pretty, right there, to me. I don't know about you. Thomas: They're all looking at us. Yes. [ Chuckles ] That's weird. The heat cycle is 17 days, so in the first 17 days, most of these girls will have a lamb. How many of these ewes have lambed, or...? Seven, he said. Seven? Oh. But it's seven today, might be 25 tomorrow. Might be 50 -- I mean, they really start shelling them out. Yeah. You want a ride? Sure. * I started up the trail October 23rd * * I started up the trail with a 2-U * Lambing season is the busiest time of the year at Hank's ranch. He has to have a full crew in order to shear the sheep before they give birth... Huh. There he goes. Looks gory. Ugh. I'll bet, when you come sliding out, you weren't terribly cute either. [ Sheep bleats ] ...and watch them give birth, make sure the babies don't get separated from the moms. Eventually, they castrate the boys, clip the tails off the girls and the boys, and send everybody up to pasture for summer. Most of Hank's workers, he gets from South America, where there's still thriving shepherding industries, so people have experience, know what they're doing up here. Also, typically from places with a weak local currency against the dollar, so getting paid minimum wage isn't as hard a burden as would be as somebody from the States. [ Hank speaking Spanish ] All right. How long will they, uh, they'll stay up here for -- the summer? Three years. Oh. That's a long term. Oh, boy. But you go from abject poverty to middle-class in one contract. [ Sheep bleating ] Hank: I'll tell you right now -- this is the shittiest job that I know of on Earth. [ Whooshing ] Come on. Psst! They're gross looking. Don't want to touch you. You stay out in the hills with those sheep, and pretty quick, you're talking to your horse, you're talking to your dog. And you can't get Americans to do it at any price that I've found. In 32 years, I've had maybe three Americans apply for the job. I think one of them lasted nine days. [ Sheep bleating ] [ Whistling ] I don't know why they came up with the phrase "herding cats," because herding sheep is just as fucking irritating. Aah-haa! [ Speaking Spanish ] Fuck. Fucking black sheep! [ Breathing heavily ] Ah, fuck. [ Dog barks ] Good boy. Nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, no, no, no. Ah, shit. Back to the water. Back to the water. [ Breathing heavily ] [ Conversing in Spanish ] I am not in good shape. What do you think about when you're out here? Yeah. Do you get bored? How long do you think you'll do this for -- how many more years? [ Grunts ] Damn it! Hank: Well, we all know what's going on -- We're micromanaging everything from downtown Disneyland, A.K.A. Washington, D.C. You know, we're both getting pretty gray-haired and pretty long in the tooth. Maybe this will make our hair turn black and our teeth come back, huh? [ Chuckles ] Hank's on his phone a lot more than I would have guessed a, uh, rancher needs to be. They're an integral part. Like, in dealing with the... In fact, the first allotment that I ever owned... ...tangled mess of bureaucracies that sort of surround him. I'm telling you, the liquor industry's subsidized by the government. They're driving us to drink. He's now talking to a guy from the Bureau of Land Management who owns a lot of the state of Nevada, a lot of the land around him, and have a lot of rules that he has to abide by, um, just in order to go about the regular process of raising sheep. They've got all those suspended AUMs -- voluntary suspended. Can you spell "hypocrisy" without laughing? [ Cellphone beeps ] What -- What are AUMs? "Animal Unit Months" -- It allows you to run five sheep or one cow and calf for one month. Okay, it's like a permit or...? Well, that was the caveat they made with all these people out here long before anybody in this room was born. [ Sheep bleating ] Lot of the problems with ranching out West these days have to do with the area's history. Um, back in the frontier times, this was open range, which meant, if you had sheep or cattle, they could basically eat any grass they could find as long as it wasn't specifically on somebody else's land. Unfortunately, as more people moved in, there's greater competition and dispute over, you know, whose animals were eating where. The government stepped in, passed the Taylor Grazing Act in the '30s, which created a grid-system of allotments, so that ranchers could buy an allotment, pay grazing fees, and that's where their animals would eat. Unfortunately, as bureaucracy goes, the rules for these allotments have grown more Byzantine and arcane as the years have piled up. Now you have situations like the Bundys', where they've run up such a debt to the government over land they believe to be theirs that they've used forever, that they would rather take up arms than have to sell the farm and move into the city, just like John Vogelin in "Fire On the Mountain." My boy killed this sheep... Uh-huh. ...when he was about 15. Who, by the way, has decided that working in the mines in Elko is much simpler life than trying to deal with all the bureaucracy and everything I have... From ranching, really? ...than ranching. Is that you? A long time ago -- many years ago. My grandparents were a tremendous influence on me. He was the son of a German immigrant. Mm-hmm. And my grandmother was an Indian squaw, and he traded a horse for her. A lot of competition to be the drunkest Indian in the family, so I always thought maybe I'd go the other way. And this is private land up through this bottom. Mm-hmm. This ranch is 99% federally owned. We're tied at the hip to all federal ranges. I mean, there's no survival here without participation of the federal government. Whether it's a right or a privilege, once you are on one of these ranches, you're locked in. For a guy who lives some 15 miles from the nearest native English speaker, Hank's extremely outspoken. He writes columns for Ran magazine and Progressive Rancher. He does a weekly call-in to his friend Trent Loos' "Rural Routes Radio" show. Now put your microphone right on your face. Yes, dear. He's even started speaking at political symposia like "Range Rights and Resources"... Hank Vogler. [ Applause ] ...trying to articulate, I guess, sort of the sense of disenfranchisement and even persecution felt by ranchers like him and rural Americans in general... It -- It's a joke. We have to take our country back. ...a group I never really thought of as a distinct minority. Though, in sheer terms of numbers, they definitely are, especially compared with the suburbanites and city dwellers who run all the agencies that regulate their use of the land -- from the Bureau of Land Management to the Environmental Protection Agency. Hank: If there's an endangered species out here, it's me and the rest of the sheep herders. You know, you spend your whole life putting something together. You know, you start out with two cows and seven sheep, and then, all of a sudden, somebody comes in because they have an agenda, and they start putting you out of business. Thomas: Yeah. You wind up -- It's pretty easy to make a Cliven Bundy. It's pretty easy to make... Waitress: Hello, how are you? ...an enemy. Yeah. Hi. And -- And when you have no place to go, you -- you feel like you have nothing to lose, so you do crazy things. Right. Corned beef hash. - Thank you. - You're welcome. [ Cellphone rings ] Oh, sorry. It's okay. I don't know who the heck this is. Any E-mail or -- or... I'm in the restaurant. So, we're in Ely... ...which is the next-biggest town to Hank's ranch. He's here because there's -- He's got an annual meeting with the forestry department. ...C.O. How'd it go? You can't put the turd in these people's pocket. He's also dealing with multiple bureaus at the Department of Labor, trying to get two of his sheep lambers up from Peru who are part of the H-2A Guest Worker program... I think her name's Sally Mitchell. ...which is just a whole tangle of government red tape that he has to deal with just to get his men into the country and be able to work on his ranch. Only 2% of the people bring in H-2A herders, 'cause it's such a hassle. Thomas: Oh. But I can go to El Paso and talk to Paco. Paco'll tell you -- [ Mexican accent ] "I don't need no stinkin' green card." [ Normal voice ] They come up -- I can get a bus load of them in a second. [ Muffled ] Why don't you? Huh? Mm. 'Cause I don't look good in orange. Damn it, Thomas. [ Chuckles ] I don't want to, because -- 'Cause people are watching you, yeah. Because somebody would certainly say something and put me in jail. Okay. So -- So I try and be legitimate about it. Hank: Why did you send me this guy if his passport was out of date? Did you take a scan of it when he came here? Did his former employee scan you a copy of this? I always send a scan. You're supposed to be working for us, so, I'll do my best -- I wished you folks would, too. Thank you, Linda. [ Telephone beeps ] Oh! Preparing to scan. Rock and roll! Uh-oh. "Scanner communication cannot be established." Ooh. * Foot in the stirrup and my hand on the horn * We have issues. * I'm the best darned cowboy ever was born * * Singing ki yi yippee yippie yi, yippee yay * * Singing ki yi yippee This shouldn't have anything to do with satellites or anything like that, should it? * Well, I started up the trail October 23rd * Mm-hmm. "Now scanning." Hank: Oops. Poor Juan's upside down. All right, so what do we save Juan as? "Juan in a million." Fire in the hole. [ Whoosh! ] You hear that? Thomas: There we go. Problem solved. Fire in the hole. Thomas: Do you ever get breaks? Do you go into town or anything? [ Speaking Spanish ] But I feel like that would drive me crazy. Sheepers get -- Yeah, what happened? [ Car dinging ] [ Speaking Spanish ] Okay, okay. ** - [ Speaking Spanish ] - Yeah. Thomas: Stillbirth? Yeah. Oh, no. [ Breathing heavily ] Ah, ah. Two legs. Shit. [ Exhales sharply ] [ Speaking Spanish ] Okay. Oh, God. Please don't let the head come off, too. It's coming off. Ah. Does that stuff still upset you to see, or, uh, do you get used to it? [ Engine idling ] [ Indistinct Spanish chatter over laptop ] [ Both laughing ] [ Conversing in Spanish ] Thomas: Really been hit hard with the circle of life today. We watched lambs born, lambs die, lambs not even be born because they're already dead. The mother died, killed with that knife, which is now being used to eat dead lambs with spaghetti. Some, like, real heavy daily shit for minimum wage. [ Chatter continues ] [ Sheep bleating ] ** [ Speaking Spanish ] Is something broken? [ Whistles ] [ Lambs bleating ] Hank: You know, people that think that -- that this, all this, is just an easy-peasy, you know, it's not. Every year, there's -- something goes wrong, something is different. [ Speaking Spanish ] I don't care what you do, you always have problems. Thomas: This is like the little adoption facility. This would be the foster home, yes. These will all be paired with new moms? Hopefully. [ Lamb bleats ] Jesus. That's cute. ** [ Speaking Spanish ] Hank: See, now they're locking her head in there. She'll sit there and fight that for a little while, and then when she calms down, they'll then -- they'll bring the lamb in, get him started, or... Thomas: How long does that usually take? Like a day or so, or...? Two or three days. You know, some of them a little longer. Wow. Those lambs are really punching at their, uh, teats. I didn't realize how violent the nursing process was from the lamb's end. Okay, sweetie. We're gonna put this lamb on here. Come on, now. Come on, sweetie. God dang it, you're supposed to look professional. [ Laughs ] Not everybody can do it, but when you start doing it -- No matter how many thousands of times that you tell yourself, "This is the last day, "I'm not doing this anymore," you go to sheep camp, beautiful smells at the top of a mountain, and all the little lambs are playing King on the Mountain and talking and blatting and playing. [ Sheep bleating ] It's like Mozart. It's like a symphony. It erases six months of hell in six seconds. [ Lamb bleats ] You did that just to make me look stupid, didn't ya? [ Chuckles ] But we don't let them starve -- feed them on the bottle, whatever it takes. Hey, I gave you your big chance, your big debut on TV, and what'd you do? Humped up. ** ** Hank: So many lambs! Which one are you gonna bite first? Thomas: It's finally docking day for this band of sheep. Uh, that is the end of the lambing cycle. All the lambs get clipped and then put up into their summer pasture to get fat for fall -- when they get eaten. [ Lambs bleating ] [ Bleats ] It's like a circumcision mixed with, uh, that first trip to the doctor, so they give you, like, 80 shots. None of these guys know what they're in for. ** Got him. Okay. Do I got a guy or a girl? Sort of, kind of. Is this -- Like that. You ready? Yeah. Easy. Contrary to popular belief, we don't get up in the morning and see how to be cruel to our animals. Yeah. We do what we have to do to make everything better. If you don't take the tails off of them, they get little sores under their tails, they get maggots, and they eat into them, and they die. Now, put them down through the hole, Thomas. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You don't want to drop him. God damn. Just take this pine tar, and we mix it with some veterinary-approved chemical. It kills flies. Mm-hmm. So, it's all for a purpose, you know? Thomas: Stubborn. About 1,500 lambs from now, you'll have this figured out, Thomas. Hank: This is a buck lamb. This is so when you see them coming down to race, when you're separating to ewes and the lamb, you can use that mark. You cut off the bottom third of the scrotum, and you just kind of push... Push those two out, yeah. And then you just put your mouth over it, grip, and pull. With your teeth? They just come out? Oh, God. I can't believe that's how it's still done. Well, you can put the rubber bands on them, and if you ever watch them when they cut them with the rubber bands, there's lambs laying around everywhere kicking their belly. Those poor little animals flip and flop and roll around for days. You're basically letting that rot off... I don't like it either, buddy. ...and then, if the rubber bands are old, or something's not working right, then you got to give them a shot for tetanus. This is quick, easy, and the lambs just run off. If they come up with a faster, better way, I'll use it. Push them into your mouth. Now pull them backwards. Pull them backwards. Just pull, pull. There they go. Oof! [ Gags ] You missed one of them. Spit it in there. [ Speaks muffledly ] We're gonna eat them, by golly. [ Spits, gags ] Slowly push down. Perfect, perfect, perfect. Oof. [ Speaks muffledly ] Put them in the bucket. [ Gags ] How do you do that so -- I mean, you just get used to it after enough times that you don't gag? [ Muffled ] You don't think about it. [ Spits ] Come here. They did pretty good, by golly. These lambs look pretty nice. When you look at the situation in Nevada and the open range lands in the West on paper, it's, uh, kind of easy to take the government's tack. There's this huge, lawless swath that needs order imposed on it, otherwise people are just gonna come in, use the resources willy-nilly, and effectively ruin the land for future generations. However, when you come out here, see the people who live in this landscape, the hardships they face, and why they do the things they do, you realize that everybody's operating under, you know, very natural incentives. The rancher out here has an incentive to keep the land in proper working order, because that's his livelihood, and we've got an incentive to allow him to do so to the best of his ability, because that's where our food and our clothing comes from -- at least, the food and clothing we're not already importing from Asia or South America, you know, if it takes importing people from South America to do so. It's possible that in 50 years, we'll look back at ranchers at this time and the way they operated the same way we look at the Native Americans who once ran this land, as you know, kind of in greater attunement with the earth around them. But maybe that's just the transient nature of life out here in the West. As the great Western novelist Edward Abbey said, "Men come and go, cities rise and fall, civilizations appear and disappear -- the earth remains, slightly modified." Or, as Big Country sang, "In a big country, dreams stay with you, like a lover's voice on the mountainside." So, take your pick. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 