Jack Irish: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Jack Irish 
 s1e5 - Episode #1.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Jack Irish (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Episode #1.5 - full transcript 
 Jack struggles to recuperate and his mind takes an increasingly turn towards Rob Shand. Back in Manila, Linda is abducted. Longmore refuses to act against the church leaving Jack alone to fight for Sarah. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ORTON: That was the only village that wouldn't sell to Holman-Dang. (Gun fires) FRASER: Move! In the car! I'm an Australian journalist and I would like to interview Hadji Adhib. I sent Fraser and the boys out looking for you. She's gonna be a handful. (Woman screams, gunfire) SUE: Before he left us, Mr Gomes stole some financial records. SHAND: Would it be fair to say that losing someone who's very close to you is your greatest fear? JACK: I reckon losing someone you love's as bad as it gets. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 (Man speaks indistinctly) Hey! Get off me! I'll belt the living suitcase out of both of you, I swear to God! MAN: Now, settle! Well, what's the lying bitch being saying about me? You right, Mrs Irish? It's not broken, is it? What do you reckon, Len? Young Jack, eh? You're the one that made the call? Yeah, good lad. You look after your mother, alright? Your old man, he just overdid it a bit. You'll keep. Both of ya. Is he gonna live? Excuse me. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ You may run on for a long time ♪ Run on for a long time ♪ You may run on for a long time ♪ God almighty's gonna cut you down ♪ Tell you God almighty's gonna cut you down ♪ Go tell that long-tongue liar ♪ Go tell the midnight rider ♪ Tell the rambler, the gambler, the back-biter ♪ Tell them God almighty's gonna cut 'em down ♪ Tell them God almighty's gonna cut 'em down. ♪ (Children laugh) Hello. Hello. (Both speak in local language) Bye-bye. Oh, how did it go? Oh, fine. Yeah, she's in good hands. Mmm. Safer there than in Mindanao. It's clean. It's well-run. Sure. I mean, what else could I do? I will not be judged by some hack ex-pat bureau manager who works a 40-minute week - and not that it's any of your business, but I intend to keep in touch with Fatma, we will correspond. 'Correspond'? I'm the one who found her and made her safe. Where do you get off accusing me? I don't remember accusing you, Linda. You're hardly Mr Family Man - or does being married to a barmaid once qualify you to make moral judgments on the rest of us? No, probably not. Oh, Linda? There is a phone call from Melbourne. Drew Greer? Hey, it's me. What's happened? I have to go back. It's a personal emergency. Is what's-his-name alright, the emergency? I don't know. Am I renting out these state-of-the-art facilities... I don't know. Uh, Adonis, can he drive me? Ask him. He speaks English. You were right - I am totally out of my depth. I was... I was sitting in Quiapo Plaza eating ice-cream and... ...her little face... If you don't think that broke my heart... Can I get a lift? Sure. (Shand chuckles) OK, now this is a true story. Jesus walks into a bar with his disciples. The barman says, 'What can I get you?' Jesus winks at his disciples and says, '13 glasses of water, thank you.' (Laughs) I love that. I love it. I'm with a great friend of the show, Pastor Rob Shand from Way of the Cross. And I think we've got time for some callers. In fact, we have Kay on the line. Kay, you're on the air. WOMAN, ON PHONE: Pastor Rob, does the rise of Islam concern you? Extremist Islam, absolutely. Religion and violence should never go hand in hand. COTTLE: I have a situation in Manila. Fraser Boyd's been grabbed by the Jihadis. How? For months I've been telling you the security people you've been training are not up to scratch! They should all be ex-military. And not ex-cons! They're being trained by Reece Stedman. He's ex-SAS. None of you could operate overseas without them - least of all you, Jim. And we have Graham on the line. MAN, ON PHONE: It's actually Neville, Pastor Rob. Neville Gomes? You might remember me. I'm the one you were so afraid of speaking before the Senate Inquiry into charitable organisations. My wife died last week, Pastor, so you can't silence me anymore... (Button clicks) I'm afraid we seem to have lost that caller, God bless, but we have Gavin on the line. MAN: Look, I think Jim's right, Sue. I think the rivets are popping out on this one. Everything's under control... Really? Another girl dead? This is control, is it? That was an unfortunate accident. Well, we're drowning in unfortunate accidents. And now we've got a nosy journo sniffing round the island, asking me questions about the Holman-Dang Bank. Well, let her look. (Phone chimes) I'm afraid the Chair can't join us. (All scoff) I've flown nine hours from the Philippines and he can't even swan in from Balwyn?! Where the hell is he?! Today? He's getting out today? Apparently. Well, it doesn't necessarily mean we have to move him. Well, I can't imagine he'd be too pleased finding this in his courtyard. A pet is just what Jack needs. Pets are proven to be valuable for people trying to recover to full health. It's a fairly big pet, Harry. Look, a general rule of thumb with domestic pets is you shouldn't be able to ride 'em. Jack's not licensed to ride a thorough, anyway. Besides, you know why this needs to happen. Ah, trust me. It'll be just the boost he needs. The doctor says they have grief counsellors. I don't want a counsellor. Jack fucking Irish. You taking the balloon I gave you, or you just leaving it? Brendan, now's not a good time. Oh, look, I know what it's like to lose someone special, Jack. When my cat died last year, I thought I'd never recover. I just want to be left alone, mate. Yeah. Well, I get that as well. I'm the same when I get a bit down, you know? A little island of solitude, that's what you need, Jack. So, I'll see you tonight. I'll bring some soup. Oh, and I collected your papers. So, the Amateurs had a win. Kick after the siren. Simmo's boy kicked five. Hey, will you take me to Sarah's? Is that... wise? I mean... I can get a cab, mate, if you'd rather. Keep driving, mate. (Horse whinnies) LINDA: You know there's a horse in your courtyard? I just missed you at the hospital. I've still got my key. Here, let me help you. Don't fuss, please. No, it's OK. Thank God you're alright. Uh-uh! Sorry. Did I hurt you? Just a few bruises, that's all. What did you come back for? Why - don't you want me here? I see. I'm sorry you wasted your money. Look, a lot's happened, but right now you really need someone to take care of you. I don't, actually. You don't need to be here, Linda. You just... You feel like you should be. And that's what you do, isn't it? You walk into people's lives, tick a box, walk out, think it's meant something. Where's that coming from? I'm just here to help you. I didn't ask you to go to Manila or ask you to come back. For fuck's sake, Jack, this is your mess that I'm wading through! You think I don't know that? I just lost someone I was in love with because of the shit I walked into, the... ...the shitty swamp I always walk into. You were in love with her? Yeah. What's going on? Oh, don't worry about it. Where did you find this? It's got the same markings as a bullet I found in the village. Everything that's happened to you, Jack, everything that's happened to me, it's part of some bigger... bigger thing. (Door opens and closes) Oh, you frickin' thing! You winning? Oh, fat chance. This table leans more to the left than Fidel Castro. Jack, I contacted the coroner. There's not going to be an inquest. Police report, the arson report all determine that Sarah's death was caused by a faulty oxy torch. Bullshit! So, that's it, is it? Move along, nothing to see here. It was a bomb, mate. I mean, there's gotta be traces of accelerant... Oh, mate, you're talking about an artist's workshop. It was full of accelerants. She had paint, turpentine, propane, butane... They fucking killed her, Barry. I know they did. Rob Shand sent me a very clear message. Mate, it was a recording. Anyone could have sent that. Rob Shand's not on trial. No, and that's just it, isn't it? He's never gonna be. Don't get any ideas, Jack, OK? Me police, you civilian. Understand? (Groans) MAN: Well, I hope you enjoy it. And, er, you can go in now. Excuse me. Reverend Dennis? That's right. Jack Irish. We spoke on the phone. You don't look very well to me. I'm alright, yeah. Neville's inside. Come on. It's all very hand-to-mouth here, like them. All donations and volunteers. Have you got anything to do with Way of the Cross? Look around you. If we had their millions, we'd spend it. There's Neville. He's doing it hard. His wife passed away recently. Neville Gomes? She's dead now. You can't shut me up! I've got nothing to lose! I'm not with the church. My name's Jack Irish. I know they got to you. I was at one of those mask parties. I saw you there. This is what a real not-for-profit church does with its money. The Way of the Cross, their humble little house of God - 7.5 million, it cost. Debt-free, I imagine. Well, it's tax-free, more to the point. They got investments everywhere - here, Asia. And Via Crucis is just a corporate parasite working a tax loop. Via Crucis? It's Latin for Way of the Cross. Their Board - heavy hitters only at that table. And is Rob Shand part of that? Well, he has to be. He's the head of the snake. 'The Pastorpreneur', I call him. $300,000 a year, official salary, taxed, over a million untaxed. $4.5-million house already paid for. Doesn't even have a seminary degree. That guy over there, 40 grand a year, gives half of it away. I was never anti-church, Mr Irish - just those making a travesty of what it's supposed to stand for. God knows I'm a long way from perfect. SARAH, ON TV: Things that we desire, the things we hope for and the things that we fear. INTERVIEWER, ON TV: And as an artist, what do you most fear? Um, I suppose it would be not living my life to the full, not being able to surrender myself to, um... ...well, love. That's the expression I'm ultimately striving for. I mean, a lot of my earlier relationships - actually, all of them if I'm honest - were car wrecks, hence the materials that I use. So, my process is, in part, a physical exorcism of those bad experiences, but also an exploration of why I keep pushing people away. Or do they run? I don't know. In your recent works, you've highlighted... What do you make of it? Mmm, I think it's quite beautiful. Do you know the artist? Not really. You're Senator Longmore. I used to be. No, her name's Cherry Blossom, if you must know. Cherry Blossom? God, sounds like a deodoriser. Get out! Can I have a whisky, Stan? Actually, make it a bottle, will you? Yeah, sure, mate. Jack, the committee's decided to shelve the Bill Irish statue, out of respect. Should have been a statue of Mum with a broken nose. That's your sporting hero. Cherry and I even have the same hobbies, Jack. I mean, I think... Oh, for fuck's sake, Stan. No-one is actually called Cherry Blossom, alright? Why don't you just transfer all of your funds out of your bank account straight into iamagullibledickhead.com and be done with it? Well, he's looking good. Yeah, fighting fit. He looks like death warmed up! Which reminds me, Stan. What happened to those pies, mate? Oh, yeah, boys. Coming up. Doctor's got you on a special drip, I see? Proven painkiller. Proven side effects too. You need to get rid of that horse. Well, it's just until next Saturday. Trying to keep him under wraps. Well, shouldn't it be training for the big race? Oh, so, you're an expert on horses now, are you? We're freshening him up. What Lost Legion needs is to be safe, warm, and loved! Harry, I told you I didn't want to get dragged down this equine sinkhole, so shoot the bloody thing for all I care. Seems a bit flat. You break a man's heart, you break his spirit. Keep an eye on him. No worries, Harry. (Smooth jazz plays) Hey, it's Jack. I know it's late, but do think you could come over? (Knocking) (Horse whinnies) You know there's a horse in your courtyard? I'm sorry to drag you over here. Oh, can I have some of this? Yeah, I'll get you a glass. Everything alright? Mmm. Yeah, no, good. Married life is everything I dreamed of and more. I am so happy I can't tell you. It's really, really just good and great. Glad to hear it. You know, apparently, I am Conchita the cleaning woman now. Don't get me wrong, I love kids, just not his. Do you wanna take a seat? Yeah, I should've seen the writing on the wall. I mean, he wore a cummerbund at the wedding. Can you believe it? I mean, who wears a peach cummerbund? 'Cummerbund' - even the word is ludicrous. Um, I'm guessing this is Janene Ballich's phone and I can't seem to make it work. I'm just wanting to see if there's any messages on there from, well, Sarah's sister, Tina, or Rob Shand. The SIM card's shot. Oh. I'll see if I can find something off the hard drive, though. And there's a name that I hadn't heard before, Via Crucis. I'm just wondering who runs that company, who's on the board. Mm-hm. Actually, um, could I get one more for the road? Yeah. (Exhales) You look terrible, Jack. Alright, then. Thanks. (Snores) (Door shuts) Yes? What do you want? Why are you staring at my house? I'm a journalist. Hadji is not here. He hasn't lived here for years. Linda Hillier. Yes, I know. I've just come from the Philippines. I was on Mindanao. Did you see him? (Speaks Arabic) Go! We have not spoken to him for years. Would you like to? It is how he left it. In case. That's him in his cricket uniform. He played Australian football. Look - Best and Fairest. He was a good player. He was many good things. But... (Sighs) ..we have lost our son. We accept this. If you press 'redial', you can leave him a message. 'Unsung master'. Oh, he'd love that! Ha! 'Journo's family slain in bomb blast. Wojcik's wife, five-year-old daughter tragically killed in a Manila terrorist attack.' '1998.' (Knocking at door) (Sighs) I can't concentrate. Simon's interstate on business. He's left me with the kids. They've gone ballistic. His sister dropped round and I crawled out the bathroom window. Can I work here? Yeah, I was just going out anyway. (Door shuts) Hello, silence, my old friend. (House music blares) What's he doing? Hey! Hey. You gonna buy me one of those? I'm Rosie. Have you got a death wish, Rosie? Why, what's in it? I wouldn't stand too close. Women tend to die around me, you know? Ask anyone. Fucking creep! Hey. Do you have a problem, mate? Well, where do you want me to start? (Shouting and screaming) Get off him, get off him! Come on, that's enough! (Keyboard clacks) Is Jack home? (Shrieks) Oh, my God! Sorry! It's OK. I'm a friend of his. I have a key. We used to be in practice together. Drew Greer. You gave me a fright. Oh. Does Jack know there's a horse in his courtyard? I think he does. I've been trying to reach him, saw the light on. He went out. I'm doing research for him. Simone Benston, right? He speaks very highly of you. Oh. I can see why. Impressive - the typing. Thank you. How many words a minute? 105. Oh, wow! Um, mind if I watch? While I wait. Oh, they'll be naming a wing after you soon. Uh, thanks for coming, they... Oh! They made me call someone. Well, I did come back from the Philippines to take you home from hospital. Is this some sort of quest for self-annihilation? Well, if it is, it's not working. I'm still here. So, tell me, where did those bullets from your place come from? I... I commandeered them off someone who was planning on putting them in me. Mine came from a fishing village in Mindanao. They killed a little girl's family, not that anyone knows where the bodies are. That's where Sarah's sister was. Tina, she was stationed there doing, um... doing volunteer work for that happy clapper church. And your Holman-Dang bank is buying up huge tracts of land there. There is a connection. But we just can't work out what to do about it. It's a bit like us. I think I know what to do about it. Alright kids, come on, we're going! Let's go! Move, move, move! You coming? Where's Mum? We don't wanna be late. Here, um, I think that one's yours and that one's yours. Let's go. Let's go. Right. (Door opens) Jump in the car. Go on. Move! Let's go. I'll be there in a sec. Come on. Where the hell have you been? Seriously, you're asking ME? What the hell do you care? Of course I care, and so do our kids. Oh, bless them! Better not tell them you've been screwing half your congregation, then. Think I'm so stupid I didn't know about you and Tina and whoever else? OK, I'll drop the kids at school, come back, we'll have a good chat. No, no, no, I don't want to talk about it - I don't care - but every time you screw some nubile, doe-eyed girl, you'd better warn them they could end up dead. If you're talking about Tina, I had nothing to do with that. That is ridiculous! Yes, you did. You made her a problem they had to make go away. Dinner will be waiting for you when you get home. (Kids shout indistinctly) Please... Put your belt on, please! Can you just put your seatbelt... Look out! Whoa! (Tyres screech) Oh, shit! This isn't what it looks like. It just looks like two naked people who have had sex in my bed. So, it is what it looks like, but... We didn't mean to fall asleep! Yeah, we might just have had too much whisky. Sorry, Jack! Jack! She types 105 words-per-minute, mate! What was I supposed to do? I'm only human! None of my business, mate. Well, it is your house! Ghosts and horses live here. Where are you going? I am a bad person. Who does this? I have been married for 20 minutes. I've already had a passionate affair with a handsome stranger and left my husband's children with his insane sister. God, who am I? So, 'handsome', you say? I am supposed to be helping Jack. Well, I could help him too. I'll type. Oh, yeah. Ooh! Yeah, it's alright. I got it. (Sighs) Hey! I can see you. (Chuckles) This is some kind of voodoo magic, huh? Yeah, modern technology. It's miraculous, isn't it? Lets you find out all sorts of things... ...Marek. Why didn't you tell me who you are? That man doesn't exist anymore. Your wife, she was a doctor. You told me she was a bar girl. She liked drinking in karaoke bars. Beautiful... dreadful voice. I used to love your articles. I hunted them down. You wrote with such compassion. But you never had a photo by-line. So... what's-his-name, Jack English, he's OK? Deliberately getting his name wrong is beneath you, you know that? (Chuckles) No. Jealousy is as noble as I get. Orton, do you remember the first question I asked you when I got to the Philippines? Why was the toilet blocked? No. At the power plant do. Yeah, you were wondering how it was being powered. Yeah, and Cottle gave some long-winded defence about coal, but he never actually mentioned how the coal was getting to the power plant. Through the main port on Mindanao. Yes, but a bulk carrier needs a minimum depth of 14m. The existing harbour in Mindanao, it's only 9m deep, so it's too shallow - I checked - and it would be impossible to dredge that harbour. So, what they need is to find a place on the island where they can dredge a deep-harbour port. Our fishing village. Yeah, without it, Cottle can't power his plant. So, does this mean you'll be coming back? I'll be in the office Friday if I still have a desk. What were their names? Lailani, and our daughter was Divina. It's beautiful. You can take my desk. I never use it. (Power saw roars) Sorry, did I wake you? I needed somewhere to crash, Charlie. You look like you've done enough crashing. I gotta go. Were you planning on telling me or not? You have enough bad news. How much money do you owe? 20. 30. Maybe 50 - thereabouts. I trust you enjoyed your stay, Ms Hillier. Oh, thank you. Sorry. I just, um... I just wanted to see you before you went. Hi. I didn't want things to end like this. Someone recently told me that I was incapable of a deep connection. What arsehole would have told you that? Well, I think that arsehole was partly right. I've come to the horrible realisation that in chasing the big things, I've missed the important little ones. Is that what went wrong with us? (Sighs) Nothing went wrong with us. It was... It was what was wrong with me, I think. No. You know, we would have made a good kid. Do you know why we couldn't get over that last hurdle? Well, the last hurdle's always the hardest, isn't it? That's why they... That's why they put it last. I do love you, you know? I know. What will you do now? Uh... If I'm ever in Manila... You really need to get a passport. It's a big world out there. Oh, you know I went and saw... her exhibition. I'm not a huge fan of banged-up metal, but... I get it. I do. Yeah. SUE, ON VIDEO: Tina, I want you to share with us your greatest single fear. My greatest fear? Um... ...it's a really stupid one. When I was a kid, this... this really mad, vicious dog just came out of nowhere and, um, he jumped on me and they couldn't pull him off, and... it almost killed me. So, yeah, I'm scared of dogs. Well, that is all in the past now, yeah? You're safe here. You're among friends. You killed her. You fuckin' killed her! And the sister! Dogs - I saw it all. We cleaned up your mess, Rob. Tina Longmore was about to cause us a great deal of harm. We couldn't permit that. This is madness, this... Oh, please. You know there's much more than you at stake here. You're a performing seal, Rob, a show pony. But you aren't completely stupid. I'm not going to let you get away with this. God forgive you. (Door opens) (Door shuts) You didn't need to get dressed up. Just gonna let him get away with it, are you? Who? Rob Shand. (Scoffs) I saw you talking to him at Tina's funeral. You in bed with that lot, are you? (Sighs) And which lot would that be, hmm? Via Crucis. I mean, they shut down your Senate Inquiry and you didn't do anything about it - but then, your government does love big business. And that is a church that worships it. I think that explosion messed with your head, son. Did you know Rob Shand was having an affair with Tina? Yes. Not something he or his minders would want getting out, I imagine. Sarah was on to them and they shut her up. Are you going to do anything about that? Sarah told me that when she was raped, when she needed you, you didn't do anything. I hired the best silk in the country, gave her what I could. Yeah, right. There's no word for it, that's the trouble. No word for what? You lose a wife, you're a widower. Lose your children and, er, what are you, hmm? You're just not a father anymore. Hell of a player, your old man. I used to watch him from the terraces. Took no prisoners, Bill Irish. Oh, there were prisoners. You know, someone has to fight for Sarah, Michael, and if you're not gonna do it, I will. Best you leave that to others, Jack. Ooh, Jack! Hi, mate. Jack, we got something. What are you looking for? Have you been nosing around in here? No, I swear. Um, we got Janene's mobile working. There's a text message from Tina Longmore. Do you know anything about this Pier Okant? We don't know. There's nothing online. And the numbers? It's not a phone number. Doesn't appear to be a bank account. Could be combination for a safe or a safety deposit box, but... We don't know. There's also a voice message from Rob Shand. VOICEMAIL: Message received 5 August, 6:57AM. ROB, ON PHONE: Janene, it's Rob. I got your message. I'm on my way. She was dead an hour later. (Gate opens) So, who won? I need that gun, Cam. Why - is someone bothering you? Listen, I know you've taken it and I want it back. No, can't do that, eh, brother? Can I at least have your car? BRENDAN: Jack fuckin' Irish. Yeah. Next cubicle along, please, Jack. It's a nice one, that. Used one myself just recently. Little family dispute. Pleasing result. Know your way around a gun, do you, Jack? I know where the bullets come out. Yeah, well, don't be shy with it. My advice - point it in the general direction, just keep squeezing. Is this loaded? No! (Gun fires) Shit! Let me revise that. Yes. We should get out of here, right? Ah, don't sweat it. Gunshot's like a dog barking round here. That's gratis, by the way, Jack - that's on the house. Plus, if you need a hand... No, it's alright, I need to... I need to do this myself. Thanks, mate. Have it your way, you little scamp. (Aeroplane drones) LINDA: I could have caught a taxi, Adonis. Orton wanted me to pick you up in style. Did he? Yes. Oh, good news! Sam got picked up in Thailand with a ladyboy prostitute, so you can keep your apartment. Mmm, that is good news. Yes. You know, I've never asked you, Adonis... Yes? What do you make of your country? My country? Yeah. We were under Spanish rule for about... 300 years. Americans for another 50. We've only really been ourselves for about 70 years, so we don't really know who we are yet, but we're trying, if, um... the world would let us. (Phone buttons click) (Mobile phone beeps) (Rattling) (Screams) (Linda cries out) MAN: Don't move! (Breathes heavily) (Linda whimpers) (Heavy breathing) (Groans) Please help me... Jack. My phone, I beg you. (Whimpers) (Door slams) I know you had Sarah killed. I didn't kill anyone. You have to believe me, I... I didn't know anything about it. I'm... I'm... Please... don't do this. Help me. God is watching. No, I reckon he gave up a long time ago. I don't wanna die. What if there's nothing there? (Exhales) (Door opens) I didn't do this. (Sobs) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 