Mystery Files: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Mystery Files 
 s1e3 - Robin Hood - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Mystery Files (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Robin Hood - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The legendary RobinHood and his band of merry men who battle the sheriff ofNottingham, hugely popular and enduring stories, but recent evidence suggests that he may be morethan just folklore fantasy. Robin Hood definitely existed. Can the evidence finally confirm the infamousoutlaw and his arch rival are not just imaginary figures? Unpicking the past to reveal the identity of the men behind the myth. We open the mystery files on Robin Hood. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 This is SherwoodForest, Nottinghamshire. Nestled in the center of England, it is home to the legend of Robin Hood. Popular as ever, Robin helpsto attract around 500,000 visitors every year. His adventures still spark the imagination, but his story has evolvedover the centuries and now, the genesis of his character is almost completely obscuredby the folk tale hero he has become. Searching the archives, historians have discovered multiplereferences to real Robin Hoods. Graham Phillips hasspent years investigating medieval documents. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The legend of Robin Hood, probably brought about more books, poems, andfilms and television series than any other character in English history. To try and find a real Robin Hood, then what you've really got to do is to find the earliest reference to Robin Hood, whether it's fictionalor in historical records. Robin Hood's legend first appears in the Middle Ages. Few people can read, so stories are spread by minstrels singing ballads. They tell of the outlaws Robin and Little John, living free in the forest, fighting the evil sheriff of Nottingham. It's a time of poverty and oppression and the people take Robin to their hearts. There are a few writtenaccounts of Robin's deeds. The two of the earlyballots that have survived, hold clues to his identity. The first is Robin Hood and the Monk. It is over 500 years old. Set in St. Mary's Church inthe center of Nottingham, it's where our investigation begins. Pauline Miller hasdocumented the church's past. The connection of Robin Hood with Mary's Church appears in a 14th century balladcalled Robin Hood and the Monk. Robin Hood came into Nottingham on his own and was kneeling in St. Mary's Church when a monk recognized him, because Robin and his merry men had robbed him in the forest. The monk quietly left the church, walked down the street to the sheriff's house, and told him where he was. The sheriff brought his men, arrested Robin, and threw him in the prison cave, but fortunately Little John knew where he'd been and theyrescued Robin and disappeared back into the forest. Today, St. Mary's Church is surrounded by buildings, but in Robin Hood's day Sherwood Forest came right up to the city. It was a dangerous woodland. Highway men, thieves, and poachers roamed it's 400 square kilometers. The perfect place for medieval bandits to pick off better equipped soldiers. It's where the ballot pitsRobin and his loyal band of merry men against their nemesis, the Sheriff of Nottingham. Although Robin Hood and theMonk sets Robin in a real time, when outlaws marauded through these forests. The verses where Robinprays in St. Mary's Church casts doubt over its accuracy. This building is only finishedafter the ballot is written. Though, many years later, duringwork to strengthen the columns, architects found that St.Mary's had a predecessor. There's one spot and onespot only where you can see a piece of the old Norman church, and it's at the base of this pillar here. And here it is. The foundationsdate back to the 1100s. They prove an earlier the church did stand here well before the ballad. So Robin could indeedhave prayed at St. Mary's. Close by is an even morecompelling piece of evidence of Robin's presence. Only 20 meters from thechurch is the old county jail, now the Galleries Of Justice Museum. It's a labyrinth of underground caves and has been voted the mosthaunted place in Britain. Curator Gary Holmes has madea remarkable discovery that could well be the vault where the ballad says Robin was locked up. Basically, we're in a cavesystem that is the very, sort of, lowest parts ofthe Galleries Of Justice. The Galleries Of Justiceused to be the county jail for the shire of Nottingham. This is whereordinary prisoners are held, but the latest find is a specialcell for captives like Robin. It's called an oubliette andit's a deep pit below all the other prison caves. From the French oubliette, meaning to forget, convicts are lowered down by rope and left to starve to death. It is pitch black and escape proof. At this point, we're-- we'll actually be standing in the-- in the neck of, if you can imagine, the oubliette being the shape of a wine bottle, actually standing in theneck of the wine bottle here, and then, as the neck fallsaway to the shoulder of the wine bottle, the floor that we're standing on, it would be, sort of, 10 to 15 feet before we actuallydropped and hit the floor of the-- of the oubliette. In the ballad ofRobin Hood and the Monk, Robin is thrown into a prison pit, but it also specificallyclaims that when he's rescued, his men hang down a rope for him to climb up. This method of escape is theonly way out of an oubliette. The fact that we'vediscovered an oubliette recently on our sites and the fact thatwe are a mere 20 yards away from St. Mary's Church, we strongly believe that the oubliette we found is quite probably the oubliette that Robin Hood was incarcerated in. This archaeologicalsite shows the ballad of Robin Hood and the Monk may be more than a fictional folk tale. There is another surviving ballad, which also holds clues tothe identity of a real Robin. It's called, The Little Gest of Robin Hood. In this narrative, Robin has a home town. Most people think Robin comes from Nottingham, but it recounts how he's from the neighboring county of Yorkshire. At the end of TheLittle Gest of Robin Hood, we're told that he's been wounded and he's taken to a prairiecalled Kirklees Priory. Little John takes him there in the hope that he will be cured by theabbess, but she betrays him and what she does ispartly treating his wounds, when they used to have bloodletting, she bleeds him to death. Kirklees Priory is a real place and it is in Yorkshire. According to The Little Gest, this is the gatehouse where Rabin dies. This is believed to be the window where he shot his last arrow. He asks Little John tobury him wherever it lands. And within the priory grounds, there is a mysterious grave. If you look at the inscription, it's got a old Englishtype inscription telling us that Robin Hood was buried here, but the problem is, this is clearly a stylizedway in which 19th century romantics thought that old-- old English was written. It's not genuine. It was put there in the 1800s. The text on theheadstone is a forgery. The grave is also over600 meters from the house, too far for a long bow shot, even from an alleged medievalmaster bowman, like Robin Hood, but historians have uncovered a period illustration, revealing that a Robin Hood may once have been interred in these grounds. There is evidence that there was a grave there before the current one that was put there in the 1800s. In fact, as early as the1600s, people make reference to a grave being there. Drawn in 1665, itdepicts an earlier burial, now replaced by the fake tomb. On that grave it said, here lies Robert Hode. Robin is actually a nickname for somebody called Robert and Hode, HODE, is one of the old spellings of hood. So, yes, we do know therewas early grave there belonging to a Robin Hood. The Little Gest tellshow Robin dies in Yorkshire. The ballads also connect him toNottingham and Sherwood Forest. But there is documented evidence to suggest that a real Robin Hood notonly died, but actually lived in Yorkshire. The county has archives datingall the way back to the Middle Ages and one place in particular, called Wakefield, records a Robert Hood. In these ancient rolls is proofthat a Robin, or Robert, Hood did exist. This dates from the year 1309 and here we have two references here toRobert Hood of Wakefield. Now, this is written in medieval Latin, but we have here are a translation made by the Yorkshire archaeological society and we can see clearly here, the first reference says, Robert Hode drew blood fromthe wife of Henry Archer and for this he was fined 12 Pence. So he was already a bit of a villain in 1309. Robert Hode appears a total of 20 times for petty crimes, like fighting and poaching, right up to 1322. His name and location matchThe Little Gest ballad and he could also be the basisfor another part of the tale. Although later versions portrayRobin fighting for King Richard the Lionheart, in the original story, Robin meets and is pardoned by King Edward and Edward the Second didcome to Yorkshire in 1323. Now, the interestingthing is, around this time, a Robin Hood appears as a servant to King Edward the Second. He's a valet in the royal chamber. Accounts from Edward's visit to Yorkshire record the names ofeveryone in the King's service. Robin Hood is on the payroll. This could very well be the same man. Robert Hode of Wakefield is pardoned by the King, goes into the King's service, and then disappears again at that periodThe Little Gest of Robin Hood tells us, that Robin Hood is again, outlawed. Robert of Wakefieldis a strong candidate for a real Robin Hood, withone significant difference to the fabled archer. Despite all his indiscretions, there is no record of Robert of Wakefield ever being outlawed, and the legendary Robin Hood always is. Weapons expert, Mike Loades, thinks the outlaw element of Robert's legendoriginates, not in the 1300s, but earlier, in the 1200s. 13th century isparticularly interesting. What we find right from the beginning of the century is there are outlaw problemsemerging in Britain. There was even a statute inthe late 1260s, which is saying that forests have got to be cut back more than 200 yards from theroad going into a market town. Now, a market town is obviously somewhere where people are coming andgoing with money, prime ambush territory for brigade. The 1200s are a time of great unrest in England, epitomized by a civil conflict called the Baron's War. Archers who rebelled arebanished from their homes and forced into the forests. Unpopular laws and impoverished people turned fugitive's into heroes. This is a time when the Kingis demanding higher taxes for the poor, creating abreeding ground for desperadoes and there's an historicalreason why, in the 1200s, outlaws may have prospered, as depicted in the Robin Hood ballads. Armor starts to change. Previously, it had been maleand interlocking web of rings. But towards the end of the century, plate starts to develop. Plate forms a glancingsurface, so an arrow is much more effective against male. The sheriff's menpredominantly wore male armor that offered little protection when attacked by Robin's arrows. This helps place him in the 1200s and a book just discoveredin Eton College library backs up the time frame. Julian Luxford is amanuscript expert responsible for this latest find. The newest piece of evidenceis an inscription in a history book, and it mentions thatRobin was a hardened criminal and that he and hisaccomplices infested Sherwood and other lower bodying regions of England with continuous robberies. It says that he did thissometime between 1294 and 1299. A criminalcalled Robin Hood recorded in the late 1200s, but this document is significant for more than just a date. Why it's interesting and useful is that it takes him seriouslyas an actual historical figure. It's not like the ballads, whichare, essentially, folktales and which don't bother to try and prove his historical existence. This is a document, which saysthis guy lived at this time and this is what he did at this time. Dr. Luxford also thinks this Robin may not be the original outlaw. By the mid 13th century, you get criminals being called a Robin Hood, it's a sortof nickname being applied to or adopted by criminals. Now, it's extremely unlikelythat this name would be just invented out of nothing. There was a criminalcalled Robin Hood, probably in the early 13th century, who was sufficiently notorious to then pass his name on as it were to later criminals. It's a time when fugitives are stripped of their possessions. When found guilty, money wouldbe taken by the local sheriff and given to the King. Records of these financialtransactions still exist. If an outlaw, Robin, terrorizedYorkshire in the early 1200s, he'll be listed in here. Archivist, David Crook, thinks he may have found him. The Yorkshire account of 1226 mentions a man called Robert Hood, who is a fugitive from justice and his chattel-- that is, the movable goodshe left behind when he fled-- are accounted for by the sheriff. So that's why they appear in this account. Written in Latin shorthand, it's still possible to makeout the name of England's most famous outlaw. In 1227, something very strange happens. The name Robert Hood, whichappears in the original entry, appears again, but it's in a different form. It's changed by the clerk hewrote the roll to Hobbe-Hod. As he gains notoriety, then this may be when Robert Hood first acquired a nickname. I think the person who wrotethe roll had heard some sort of story or legend, growing legend, about a man called Robert Hood and changed the name to Hobbe-Hod, a sort of pet form. The rolls arewritten in Westminster London, but Robin lives over 250kilometers away in Yorkshire. It seems this man is infamous. In a time when most informationpasses by word of mouth, his reputation spreads acrossEngland in the space of a year. I think this is probablythe real Robin Hood. Yes, indeed. So experts haveidentified two authentic Robin Hoods and both are from Yorkshire, an outlaw Robert Hood who lived in the 1200s, and Robert Hood of Wakefield, almost 100 years later. But there is a final historicalcharacter, which ties these two men to the legend. The villain of the ballads, the Sheriff of Nottingham. Who was Sheriff of Nottinghamat the time of Robert Hood of Wakefield in the 1320s? Well, it was a man called Henry Fauconberg, and he was, interestingly, notonly Sheriff of Nottingham, but Sheriff of Yorkshire as well. Henry Fauconberg spansboth Yorkshire and Nottingham and there is reason why Robert of Wakefield might have hated him. Henry was something, in hisyounger days, of a scoundrel. He was something of apoacher, turned gamekeeper, and in fact, the Wakefieldrolls mention him four times getting into trouble at pretty much the same time as Robert Hood. The town is small. With Robert Wakefield andHenry committing felonies at the same time, they could once have known each other as equals. I think with Henry Fauconberg, we have a real good candidate for the Sheriff of Nottingham, because he is somebody who could have had great rivalrywith the most likely candidate, in my opinion, for Robin Hood. If Robert of Wakefieldis at odds with the Sheriff of Nottingham, our outlaw RobertHood also has a connection to a local sheriff. His adversary is called Eustace of Luddham. He's the sheriff of Yorkshire, but his home town of Luddham is right next to Nottingham. As well as Yorkshire, Eustace has also been Sheriff of Nottingham. Two documented Robert, or Robin, Hoods, one is an outlaw, the other, apetty criminal from Wakefield, both with links to the Sheriff of Nottingham. Although romanticized in the ballads, elements of the storiestally with factual accounts in the lives of these historical characters. The adventures of these men are now celebrated as part of the constantly evolving legend of Robin Hood, one of the classic tales of good versus evil. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 