Mystery Files: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Mystery Files 
 s1e5 - Rasputin - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Mystery Files (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Rasputin - full transcript 
 Exploring the various different accounts surrounding the death of Rasputin. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 December 17, 1916,St. Petersburg, Russia, Grigori Rasputin, self-styledmystic and confident to Tsar Nicholas II, is fatally shot. His Russian assassins fear Rasputin's control over their ruling family has gone too far. The facts of Rasputin's murderhave been largely unchallenged for almost a century. But secret documents nowsuggest he had other enemies who wanted him dead. So who else was present onthe night of the murder? What we now know about the plot 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 effectively changes theperspective that's been given to us for the last 100 years. Re-investigating theofficial autopsy photographs and using advanced ballistic testing to unravel who really held the smoking gun, we open the mystery files on Rasputin. 1905, TsarNicholas II is on the throne of Imperial Russian. The Romanov dynasty has ruled for 300 years. Nicholas's empire spans from China in the east to Germany in the west. In the capital, St.Petersburg, the Winter Palace is the seat of their power. The tsar's German wife, Tsarina Alexandra, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 has five children, four girls and the boy, Alexei, the youngest andcherished heir to the throne. But behind closed doors, the imperial couple hid a dark secret from their subjects. Alexei is born with a diseasethat threatens the dynasty. Hemophilia is an inheritedcondition, in which your blood does not clot. 100 years ago it is untreatable. One bad knock and Alexei could die. Historian and author Helen Rappaport explains the family's plight. He was a little boy. He wanted to be like ordinary little boys. He wanted to run around and play. And he was very closely watched. But even so, there are occasional times when he banged himself. And the next thing is this poorchild is in excruciating pain. To protect publicconfidence in their line of succession, the Romanovs keep Alexei's illness carefully concealed. For support, Tsarina Alexandraturns to the Orthodox Church. She is a devout believer. But it can't heal her only son. The obsession with producing a son and heir was so consuming that it wasin a way quite understandable that she should be equallyobsessed in keeping him alive and would turn to a man like Rasputin. On November the 1, 1905, into this state of private desperation enters Grigori Rasputin, amysterious, present-born faith healer from Siberia. Historian Charlotte Zeepvat is an authority on Russia's royal family. Around the end of the 19th, beginning of the 20th century, there was huge appetite in St. Petersburg for a spiritual experienceand spiritual stories. And it's this void that he steps into. With his seeminglymystical powers with faith healing, Rasputin hasrecently become a sensation of Russian higher society. Brian Moynihan is anexpert on Russian history. He arrives in St. Petersburglike some great medieval rocket from the past. He would go to these salons where they all would be drinking tea and they would all be very respectable seeming. And he would entertain themwith stories of Siberia and stories of peasants because they never met a peasant before. In a letter theTsar writes, a few days ago, I received a peasant from the Tobol province. He made a remarkably strong impression on Her Majesty and me. Nicholas and Alexandra arevery impressed with Rasputin. They like him when they first meet him. In time, he's invitedinto the Alexander Palace to meet the children. This is AlexandraPalace, 25 kilometers south of St. Petersburg. It is here that Rasputin is first asked to perform a healingfor the imperial family. Rasputin prays over the youngprince, and the boy relaxes. He sleeps peacefully. And when he wakes the nextmorning, the pain is gone. He clearly had some kind of incredible, suggestive powers. It's never been explained. Probably never will be. He had some kind of mesmeric power. This proved to be something that Rasputin could respond tothat medical science couldn't. In the Tsarina's mind, Rasputin can work miracles. Rasputin is called the Mad Monk. He was never a monk. And he most certainly wasn't mad. Rasputin lives in this modest apartment in central St. Petersburg, just a few streets from the Winter Palace. His increasing involvementwith the Romanovs persuades the Tsar toallow the Okhrana, Russia's infamous secret police, to monitor Rasputin for his own protection. Under the Ukhrana's watchful eye, Rasputin receives visitorsfrom every walk of life, churchman, nobility, military officials, all seeking an audience with the now famous peasant from Siberia. But the most frequentvisitors are the opposite sex. This photo of Rasputin surrounded by admirers is reproduced in its thousands. Rasputin without questionbecomes a superstar. He was aman of prodigious character, huge energy. In many ways, very enlightened and humane and sympathetic and kind. In others, I mean a heroic womanizer. Rumors of what goes on in his apartment are soon the talk of Russia. Whereverthere was an opportunity, he'd take it. On trains, during tea parties, you name it, if there was a possibility, he was there. He is, as it were, a bit of rough for a certain type of Russian lady. Speculation overrescued debauched lifestyle escalates into the ultimate public scandal, an alleged affair with the Tsarina herself. It was very widelybelieved throughout Russia. And it didher reputation enormous harm. It was dragging the imperial name into disrepute. A crude cartoondepicting that their supposed tryst is widely circulated. He has last but not with the Tsarina. There was no question she was his meal ticket. With her, he was at his holiest, his most moral. This intimate photo showsthat despite the innuendos, Rasputin is still trustedby the imperial household. He was their only ray of hope. I really don't think they caredthat he was grubby and smelly and had a reputation for beinga drinker and a womanizer. The fact was this man could help their son. Nicholas actually said at one point, I'd rather have 10 Rasputins than one of Alexandra's screaming fits. But to a skeptical aristocracy, Rasputin appears to hold the royal family in a strange, hypnotic grip. His influence over the Romanovs is he even openly debated in parliament. In one speech, Rasputin is denounced as a filthy, depraved peasant. The empress listens to him too much. And world events bring Rasputin into conflict with other powerful forces. In 1914, Europe isengulfed in a brutal war. Russia allies with France and Britain in a savage struggle againstGermany's military might. Initial military successes were followed rapidly by absolutedisasters by a breakdown moral. By the end of October 1915, the war had taken a terrible toll on Russia. Approximately 1 and 1/2 millionsoldiers are dead or wounded. Rasputin, a man committed to peace, allegedly urges Tsar Nicholasto withdraw Russian troops and consider making peace with Germany. It's now that Rasputin'sleverage with the Romanovs attracts the attention ofthe British Secret Service. Based at their headquarters at the Astoria Hotel in central St.Petersburg, British agents are increasingly anxious to gauge the stability of their Russian allies. This is 1 WhitehallCourt in London, England, headquarters of the BritishSecret Service during World War I. Historian Andrew Cook has been permitted to re-examine secretfiles and correspondence. British intelligence were aware from the word go thatRasputin was one of the leading people of influence in Russia who was actually arguing in private for an independent peace deal with the Germans. In the winter of 1916, Germany is fighting on two fronts. In the west are theFrench and British lines. In the east, the Russianarmy is engaged in a series of ferocious battles. If the Russianspulled out of the war, this would be a fatal turn ofevents for Britain and France, because according toBritain's own calculations, it would have taken the Germanstwo, three weeks, four weeks at tops, to totally overrunBritish and French positions on the Western Front. With Russian internalsecurity and now the British Secret Service mistrusting his motives, Rasputin's life is on the line. But history records that itis a member of the Romanov's disgruntled inner circle, who decides to bring Rasputin's involvementin Russia's affairs to an end. Prince Yusupov is the scion of one of the riches, eldest families in Russia. He is an Oxford educated fop. People like Yusupov, oldschool, top drawer aristocracy, couldn't bear what was happening. Felix Yusupov certainly saw Rasputin as an obstacle toRussia's recovery in the war. It was really that crucial to him that Rasputin be physicallyremoved from the equation. On December 16,1916, Yusupov lures Rasputin to a party at his palace hereon the banks of the Moyka Canal in St. Petersburg. Knowing Rasputin's weakness of women, Yusupov has promised theself-styled holy man a meeting with his wife, Princesslrena, a prominent society beauty and the Tsar's niece. In reality, the princess is not even in the city. The trap is set. According to accounts written by Yusupov, Rasputin begins to enjoy his hospitality. But instead of Yusupov'swife, hidden away upstairs is a group of men. Among them is Vladimir Purishkevich, a well-known politician, and Dimitri Pavlovich, a member of the imperial family. Two other unidentified men are also among the guests in the palace. Unknown to Rasputin, these menare conspiring to kill him. Yusupov offers Rasputin some cakes. But they are not coated with sugar. They are laced with potassium cyanide. He's supposed to have eaten the poison and not been affected. It has since beensuggested that the would be assassins fed Rasputinpoison which was out of date and harmless. According toYusupov's version, when the poison fails to work, it's then decided that there's no alternative. He'll have to be shot. At around 3:00 in the morning, Yusupov makes the critical move. Yusupov returns tohis conspirators to report that Rasputin is now dead. But later, when theprince checks on the body, Rasputin suddenly revivesenough to grab him by the neck. Yelling for help, Yusupov breaks free. With seemingly superhuman strength, the holy man attempts toescape across the courtyard. Then from a distance, one of the conspirators, Purishkevich takes aim. His shots hit Rasputin in the back and his second shot, according to his own account, hit Rasputin in the back of the head. Finally, the gentleman assassins have finished Rasputin off. Wanting their victim to disappear forever, his corpse is thrown into theicy waters of the nearby river. But his body is found, not far away, near the Petrowski Bridge. The police investigationinto the murder is brief. The Tsarina places Yusupov under house arrest, but the prince denies all involvement. Yusupov is never charged. Rasputin is first buried, then his body moved. In transit, it disappears andhas never been seen since, leaving no physical evidence. The prince and his conspirators have seemingly got away with murder. This is the accepted storyof Rasputin's final hours, based on two of the killer's recollections. But Yusupov's is written11 years after the event. Yusupov's account is essentially modeled on a Gothic horror story, in particular, the story ofthe beast that will not die. The true extent of thebrutality of Rasputin's murder has only recently come to lightin a long forgotten autopsy report. Stored deep in the Russian archives are a unique collection of photographs taken in the immediate aftermath of the murder. Unpublished at the time and heldin storage for over 80 years, they show the crime scene. They show a courtyard withfresh blood drops in the snow. They show Rasputin'sfrozen body in the minutes after it is dragged out of the river. And they reveal in graphicdetail Rasputin's autopsy. Across his body arebruises and bullet wounds, one that appears to have been fired into the front of Rasputin'shead from close range and not from behind, as the assassins claimed. According to Purishkevich and Yusupov the head wound was to the back of the head and fired at a distance. Leading forensic pathologist, Professor Derrick Pounderhas gone back to the archives and studied the original autopsy report of 1970. When I first saw the Rasputin photographs, I was really surprised that they existed. There's a shot to the center of Rasputin's forehead. And this is a typical coup de grace shot, in other words, the finalshot to finish someone off. Purishkevich's accounts and indeed Yusupov's simply do not add up once you actually look at the autopsy evidence. Professor Pounder decides to reexamine the physical evidence, to establish if the bullet was actually fired from close range. Purishkevich claims to have killed rescued with a Savage pistol. This pistol fires the samebullet, a 32 caliber round, at the same velocity as the assassin Savage. An animal skin is set up against a block of gel. This is specially designed tosimulate the physical density of a human body. An ultra high speed camera willcapture the moment of impact. We can tell the distance of shot by the presence of the soot and propellant. The bullet is fired from close range. The round penetrates. And if we lookat the bullet hole, no soot and propellant residue and justa small, thin, black bullet wipe at the very margin of the wound. Professor Pounder establishes that the wound in rescuedautopsy photograph is not from a long range shot. It shows clearly that the fatal shot was actually fired from the front. It was firedat point blank range. Effectively, the assassinwould have placed the gun directly between Rasputin's eyes and pulled the trigger. But there appears tobe another crucial difference thrown up by the photographs. When we examined the forehead, we see that it's a largerwound than would be expected. It's about half an inch in diameter. From thephotos, Professor Pounder calculates thatRasputin's wound is bigger than usually caused by the point 32 caliber pistol Purishkevich carried. That then begs the question, if it wasn't a weapon fired byYusupov and Purishkevich, what kind of weapon was it? What kind of weapon could it have been? It's comparable to one produced by 0.455, a Webley revolver. The Webley revolver is a Britisharmy design from about 1887. At the time of the First WorldWar when Rasputin was killed, it was issued to most officers. The British made Webley fires large caliber andjacketed rounds of solid lead. The Savage pistol fires a smaller caliber jacketed rounds, where the entire bullet is encased in copper. Unjacketed ammunition was banned in 1907, because when it hits the target, instead of a clean entry, the lead distorts andreleases energy on impact, causing more collateral tissue and bone damage. To make a comparison, the scientists test fire the Webley's leadround from the same close range that the fatal shot was apparently fired. When we compare thesetest shots with the gunshot wound to the center ofthe forehead of Rasputin, what we see is something verysimilar to the Webley shot. It appears that notonly has the pistol not been shot from long range, but the wound was not caused by the smaller caliber pistols carried by the assassins. The forensic and ballistics evidence does not match the accountsby Yusupov and Purishkevich. It then begs the question, if they didn't fire the fatal shots, who did? One theory isthat Dimitri Pavlovich, one of the conspirators, carried a large caliber pistol and so fired the fatal shot. But Yusopov and Purishkevich both testified that Pavlovichhad left the building before the incident occurred. This is where the plot thickens. Attention turns to the two shadowy figures who will also present that night. Their identities have never been established. Evidence has come to lightthat points directly to one Oswald Raynor. Rayner met Yusupov while at Oxford University seven years earlier. Rayner in later life actually confessed to his family that he had been present at the murder. Further proof of Rayner's involvement in covert operations is contained in a memo between the Britishintelligence chief in Russia and one of Rayner's associatessoon after Rasputin's body is dredged up. It reads, "Although matters havenot proceeded entirely to plan, our objective has clearly been achieved." It goes on to say that "the demise of dark forces" -- a code name for Rasputin--"has been well received by all, although a few awkwardquestions have already been asked about wider involvement." Rayner is attending to loose ends. But one of the Russian assassins testifies that the two unnamed men are Russian soldiers. We know that a certain number of people on the British intelligencemission were actually wearing and actually had issuedto them Russian overcoats and Russian uniforms. British personnel were often seen in Russian army outfits. To me, evidence pointsvery strongly to the fact that there were at least two British officers present that evening. Based on this theory, it is now possible to retrace theevents on that fateful night in December 1916. 3:00 AM, the YusupovPalace, Rasputin is shot. The conspiratorskick and beat him. His hands are tied. It's a horrible mess. It's a case of we've got to kill this person, and we really don't know how. They lay him down. And if historian Andrew Cook'sversion of events is correct, the British agent OswaldRayner stands over the body. It's at that particularpoint that a British officer is literally forced to take his revolver and shoot Rasputin at point blank range to be absolutely sure that he is dead. Rayner makes no mistake. The plot was motivated purely, I believe, by the fact that he was centrally involved in the initiative to pull Russia out of the war. British intelligence foundthat the best way of removing him would be to actually have Russians themselves being seen to be thepeople who assassinated him. Rasputin's murderers never meant for his body to be discovered. And it's nearly a century laterthat new forensic evidence reveals doubts over the possible killer. If the British intendedthat Rasputin's death would guarantee Russia remained an ally that plan succeeded. But within a year of his death, Russia is plunged into a revolution. And Rasputin's royal patrons, Tsar Nicholas and his family, are brutally executed as thecommunist-led Bolsheviks seized control. It was the beginning of therise of the Soviet Union and the end of an imperialdynasty, fatally weakened by an infamous Siberian mystic. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 