Mystery Files: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Mystery Files 
 s1e9 - Abraham Lincoln - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Mystery Files (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Abraham Lincoln - full transcript 
 Over time, Abraham Lincoln's status has risen to almost mythic proportions, but what's the real story behind the legend? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Abraham Lincoln, theman who rises from obscurity to become the 16th American president, and arguably, its finest. Lincoln is consistently rankedby historians as the greatest American president. But his sudden assassination leads to the creation of a legend, but obscures his true personality. Through in-depth psychologicaland medical analysis, his character is laid bare, an extraordinary impact of his early life revealed, as we open the mystery 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 files on Abraham Lincoln. Just five months after he is elected president for the second time, Abraham Lincoln goes out to this theater to watch a comedic play. It is the 14th of April, 1865, Good Friday. Almost two hours into the performance, John Wilkes Booth creepsinto the presidential box and shoots Lincoln in the back of the head with a derringer pistol. Lincoln dies the following morning, becoming the first US presidentever to be assassinated. Lincoln author, Harold Holzer. On Easter Sunday, pulpits around the country are echoing with sermonscomparing Lincoln to Jesus. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He's died for the nation's sins. It creates the most powerful resonance that elevates Lincoln intoa mythical, secular saint immediately. In Washington, DCsits the magnificent Lincoln Memorial, a vast structure ingranite, marble, and limestone, dedicated to this ultimate American icon, the man who emancipatedthe American black slaves. And who, by winning the Civil War, prevented the UnitedStates from breaking apart. Since his assassination, Lincolnhas been revered by millions. But the story of the man himself is now eclipsed by the celebritythat surrounds him. James McPherson is one of the world's leading Lincoln scholars. Being assassinated when hewas, in the moment of victory, made it possible to forgetall of the criticism of him, the failures and frustrationsof the war years, and to see only the martyr. Lincoln's life becomes romanticized, and the complexities of hischaracter and motivations are lost. Modern investigation, however, has uncovered a broader picture of this great leader-- an often ruthless man, drivento succeed in the traditions of the American dream, whose actions in later life stem from the poorbeginnings he rose out of. Lincoln's first home is in Kentucky on Sinking Spring Farm. He quite literally was born in a log cabin on the frontier to afamily of self-sufficient dirt farmers. And his upbringingis basic, His education extremely limited. He was always a little bit embarrassed about his lack of education. When Lincoln goes to Congress, he's given a questionnaire to fill out, listing his past achievements. And under the heading education, he writes deficient, sort of a joke. But I think it reveals a sense of regret that he had barely a year's schooling. But experts believe he later turns what appears to bea disadvantaged childhood into a tool for success during his political campaigns. He said basically, I'm humble Abraham Lincoln. My politics are short andsimple, like the old woman's dance. Just a great line. The reality, ofcourse, is very different. No one who achieved what he achieved, who rose from the obscurityfrom which he rose, could have been as self-deprecating and humble as Abraham Lincoln professed to be. His artifice was to make fun of himself. It masked usefully the complexities of a brilliant mind, and created a folksy image that people could alsoadore, as well as respect, and maybe not see the inner workings of and the ambition behind. This drive andambition will become the secret of Lincoln's success. And historians believe itcomes from the very background Lincoln uses to hide it. From an early age, he wanted to do betterthan his father had done. His father was basicallysatisfied with the kind of life that they led. Lincoln was extremely dissatisfied and wanted to get out, wanted to move up. Historian Michael Burlingame has been investigating the psychology behind Lincoln's early life. Well, the origins of Lincoln's ambition, I think are rooted in a sense of inferiority, that Lincoln was quite self-conscious about being a country bumpkin. Didn't want to be afarmer as his father was, he didn't wanted to be a carpenter as his father was, he didn't want to live in the rural areas as his father did. So his initial ambition was to leave that world. He achieves thisthrough reading extensively. He was one of the great autodidacts when it came to education. He taught himself an astonishing amount. Through applyinghis acquired knowledge, he escapes his ruralbeginnings and enters politics. But his pursuit of public life is not purely for altruistic reasons. As Burlingame reveals, his motivations appear much more personal. His ambition, I think at that time, was not so much focusedon a particular ideology, but it was just winning popularity. And then this is not the case just with Lincoln, but many people go into political life as a way of enhancingtheir sense of self-esteem. Winning elections and givingspeeches and being applauded helps to build up a sense ofself-worth and self-confidence. And I think Lincoln is a classic example of it. Lincoln's first political triumph comes early at the age of 25. He is elected to the Illinoisstate legislature in 1834. And he goes on to run asuccessful legal practice as well. This young, ambitious politician and lawyer is a far cry from the great statesman he will one day become. Lincoln as a president willbe known for his even temper and empathy. But 25 years before becoming president, the young Lincoln could be quite different. The most unattractive qualityin Lincoln that I've discovered is a tendency on his part as a young man, as a young politician, to engage in cruelty. That is, frontier politics, as it was practiced in his day involved a great deal ofpersonal ridicule and sarcasm. In his 20s and his 30s, he tended to be a low road politician. Lincoln uses hisquick-wittedness and humor to caricature his opponents, causing hilarity and embarrassment in equal measure. There was a kind of arrogance in some of thesepseudo-anonymous newspaper articles that he wrote in the 1830s and 1840s, satirizing political opponents. While such tactics might prove very effective in a frontier state like Illinois, they were hardly suitablefor the presidency. But at some point in his adultlife, Lincoln clearly changes. Historians believe that one event contributes greatly to the shift in Lincoln's behavior and personality. Once he so insulted apolitical opponent that he was challenged to a duel. In 1842, James Shields, a victim of some ofLincoln's cutting remarks, calls for a physicalcontest to defend his honor. The challenger and Lincoln went out to a dueling site outside of Illinois. Lincoln, as the challenged party, was able to choose weapons. And the gentleman who challenged him to a duel was much shorter than Lincoln. And Lincoln specified thatthe duel would be fought with swords, that it wouldbe fought in a limited space, in which he could not move out of, and a dividing line whichthey could not cross. So Lincoln could have stood onhis side of the dividing line and turned his opponent intoa steak tartare with his sword while the opponent flailed at him, and was unable to reach it. Under these terms, Shields stands little chance of victory. But at the last moment, wiserheads managed to talk them out of it, and Lincoln apologizes. The incident leaves a lasting impression. He later said, when anybody tried to raisethat episode in his life and ask him about it, he would say, if you wish to remain my friend, you will not talk about that subject again. So he was deeply embarrassed by that. So that I think, was a kind of epiphany. I think Lincoln learned something from that. I think Lincolnrecognized that he needed to be more responsible in his dealings with political opponents. And that was an experience thatled him to greater maturity in his public, and I thinkprobably to some degree, in his private life as well. The incident kicks off a period of great personal growth, culminating at the age of 40 and his departure from mainstream politics for five years. During that period, whichseems on the surface of it to be very uneventful, beneath the surface, Lincoln went through a tremendous period of psychological growth and became a high road statesman, ratherthan a low road political hack. His return to politics, and the reasons behind that comeback, again reveal the deep-rooted affect his early life has on hispolitical and personal viewpoints. And what brought him back in 1854 was the Kansas-Nebraska Act. The US Congress passes an act that recognizes the new territories of Kansas and Nebraska. It also permits settlers inthese regions to use slaves. The act is controversial, because all the territories were originallyintended to be slave-free. Lincoln feels compelled tostep back into politics. The speeches he gives in opposition to the act show how far Lincoln's personal development has come since that day ofthe duel over 10 years ago. Right now we're in the Hall of representatives of the old State Capitol in Springfield. Lincoln's celebrated housedivided speech in June of 1858 was delivered in this veryhall at the podium just behind us here. It was the opening paragraphs inwhich he said, "A house divided against itself cannot stand. I believe this governmentcannot endure permanently half-slave and half-free. I do not expect the Union to be dissolved. I do not expect the house to fall. But I do expect it will cease to be divided." From speeches like these, his eloquence and intellectual strength lifts his political profileto the national level. So it established Lincoln's credentials as a very powerful spokesmanfor the anti-slavery cause. He became an even moreprominent national figure, and it really helped to make him president. This is the declaration that spurs Lincoln onto the presidency. And it shows a marked shiftin his personal motivations. His ambition then, is not justto achieve fame and applause, but also to help do somethingthat would alleviate the suffering of the slaves, and to vindicate the honor of the country. Through extensive research, Burlingame has uncovered what he believes is the root of Lincoln's anti-slavery position. In his speeches, he emphasized not so much the traditional arguments that abolitionists made. Instead he emphasizes againand again and again that it's an outrage that somebody goes out and works in the hot sun all day, and somebody else derives all the profits. Again, it appears Lincoln's early experiences in life areshaping his future actions. I connected that with the wayhe was treated by his father. When Lincoln was a young man, an adolescent, his father would rent him out to neighbors. And he would dig up stumps andchop down trees and do other really backbreaking farm work. And he might make $0.25 a day. The law stated the earnings of any child under the age of21 belong to the child's father. And then Lincoln would take at home and turn it over to his father. I think Lincoln deeply resented the fact that he was yanked out ofschool and forced by his father to go and work for others. And that he unconsciouslythen identified himself with the slaves, and identified his father with the slaveholders. Lincoln's anti-slaverystance also reflects what he has personally achieved in rising from his humble beginnings. Lincoln himself said thatmany times that slavery was an anomaly in a society that believed in the rights of all men toget ahead, because slaves were of course, as Lincolnonce put it, fatally fixed in that condition for life. They had no hope of getting ahead. This strongconviction from his early years would stay with him throughout his life. And his opposition campaignwould take him to the center of national politics. On the 6th of November 1860, Lincoln wins a surprise victory to become the 16th American president. His support comes entirelyfrom the slave-free states of the North. The states in the South rely on slavery, and many do not even put hisname on the ballot paper. A hint of the discontent that eventually leads on to the Civil War. But Lincoln's actions in the face of this war over the next five years would place him in manyhistory books as the greatest American president. But he could only have achieved such status through extraordinarydetermination and character. Investigation of the morepersonal side of his presidency reveals just how impressive his self-control was. And how the challenges he facedwere even greater than people were aware. In 1862, Lincoln's son William dies, apparently of typhoid fever. The death of Willie, thethird son during the Civil War, was particularly hard onboth Mr. and Mrs. Lincoln, because he was the favorite child. He was the one who was most like his father. It was a terrible blow for both his parents. It throws Lincoln intoa depression, a condition that had plagued his earlier years. Well, Lincoln's depressionswere on two occasions extremely severe. When his sweetheart dies, Ann Rutledge, Lincoln goes into a profound depression. And his friends were worriedthat he would kill himself. Ann Rutledge, believedby many to be his first love, died in 1835, when Lincolnwas just 26 years old. The specter of depression remains over him for the rest of his life. He was a man of melancholywho, especially in his younger years, had suffered from depression, and went through times of depression as president of the United States, too. Combating sucha condition is difficult. But recent evidence suggests Lincoln is compounding the problemin the early stages of his presidency. Lincoln is taking something called blue mass, a strong medication designed to ease his melancholy. It's been speculated that thatmay have had an effect on his personality and his temperament, may have made him more short-tempered and irritable. Dr. Norbert Hirschborn believes this irritability couldbe indicative of something more serious. It came more and more clear to me that as a physician, that if a man like this comes to me saying, I take blue mass and all his friends and relatives come and say, well he's behaving reallyradically, he loses his temper, he's very sensitive, he's got atremor when he's under stress, I would say, I think thiscould be mercury poisoning. Blue mass pillsare known to contain mercury. Dr. Hirschborn decided to havethe pills recreated and tested to see the level of mercury that would be absorbed on consumption. 6.6 grams. Today, mercury is known to be a highly toxic substance, and is handled with great care. But in the 19th century, it isregularly used in medication. Had Lincoln been absorbinghigh levels of mercury, the side effects would be extremely serious. Well, it attaches to the nerves and poisons it. It damages the membranes and theconduction of the brain cells, in neurological terms. And then we see behavioral changes, and we see neurological changes. Dr. Hirschborn'sresults are unequivocal. So we find that under any reasonable doses that he could have been taking, he's absorbing a lot of mercury. The amount's 1,000 times more than what is now allowed to be absorbedby our health authorities. When he is elected president, Lincoln is slowly poisoning himself. However, after five months in office, he appears to recognizethe side effects and stops. His partner, John Stuart, his ex-law partner John Stuart, says later on that Lincoln toldhim that he's stopped the pills because they made him cross. It shows his great determination. The striking thingabout Lincoln as president is not that he was psychologically wounded or debilitated by histendency toward depression. The remarkable thing is thepsychological strength that he manifested during that period. This ability toexamine, learn, adapt, and grow characterizes Lincoln throughout his life and marks him out for greatness. But it is this faculty that becomes the instrument of his downfall. In his early political career, Lincoln stands against racial equality. He doesn't really know any people of color in Springfield, Illinois. He says, do I believe thatblacks should serve on juries? No. Do I believe that they should vote? No. Do I believe they have the right to intermarry with white people? No. But oncepresident, his experiences of the black community changes. I think it's really crucialthat he moves, he changes. In the White House, he meets Frederick Douglass more than once. They plan emancipation strategy together. Frederick Douglassis a prominent black campaigner and former slave. He welcomes Douglass to the White House in 1865 after his inaugural address. He says publicly, Douglass, what did you think of my speech? There is no one whose opinionl respect more than yours. This in front of a crowd exclusively made up of white people. Culturally, one ofLincoln's greatest moments, because if there's ever amoment when he's advancing toward believing in equality, at least as an ideal, that's a moment. Another vital influence comes out of the Civil War itself. I think a major factor in that was the contribution of blacksoldiers to Union victory. Here were people who hadfought for their country. And by doing so, they had earnedcitizenship in that country. You can't ask them to fight and to risk their lives and then turn around and denythem the rights of citizenship. And I think that's what Lincolnwas basically saying by 1865. It is the move towards black suffrage that leads directly to his death. Perhaps because of hisown childhood experiences, Lincoln's sense of injusticeagain impacts on his politics. In the last speech that he gave, three days before he was assassinated, basically publicly came out in favor ofsome degree of political rights for the freed slaves. But it is a dangerous step. There was one member in the audience in 1965 on that April 11th day who did appreciate the importance of that speech. And that was a young actornamed John Wilkes Booth, who, upon hearing Lincoln endorseblack suffrage, at least limited black suffrage, turnedto his companions and said, that means nigger citizenship? That's the last speech he's ever going to give. By God, I'm going to run him through. And three days later, he shot Lincoln. In death, Lincoln'smartyrdom is assured. But this investigation uncovers the other facet of this saintly figure. His personality had more than one side, and it was quite complex. But I think that makes himall the more interesting, makes him all the greater, because it humanizes him. And we can appreciate him as a human being, rather than as this marble man who looks down on us from this tremendous memorial in Washington. Immortalized as the hero of the Union and the great emancipator, Lincoln the man is more fallible, and yet more interesting than his mythical reputation. A man who is therefore to some, the greatest American who ever lived. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 