Mystery Files: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Mystery Files 
 s1e11 - The Man in the Iron Mask - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Mystery Files (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 11 - The Man in the Iron Mask - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 In 18th century France, King Louis XIV, scared his twin brother will steal his crown, sentenceshim to a terrible fate. Louis clamps his brothershead into an iron mask. He could never take it offunder threat of being murdered. But historians haveargued ever since if this ever really happened. And for over 300 years, theprisoner's real identity has been in doubt. In a quest whichleads to the darkest dungeons of Imperial France, and exploresmodern medical knowledge, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and ancient documents to search for the truth, we open the mystery filesfrom the man in the iron mask. The man in the iron mask is a phantom figure, who exists in the shadows of French history. From the tantalizingevidence that still exists, historians think two peoplehold the key to the story. By investigating thecareers of these two men, experts now believe theycan piece together the man in the iron mask's life. One is his guard, professional jailer Benigne d'Auvergne de Saint-Mars. The other is one of France'smost celebrated authors. He goes by the single name, Voltaire, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and is the first person toput the story into print. Roger Pearson is an historian and an expert on classic French literature. Voltaire, from an early age, is a critic of the establishment, and he loves being anti-establishment. And his voice is always that ofthe anti-establishment figure. He has his own political agenda and he pursued it throughout his life. His mission, ultimately, is to have the power ofthe Bourbon dynasty curbed, and France regulated by a constitution. At the age of 23, Voltaire'shatred of the political system intensifies when he becomes a victim of it. In 17th and 18th century France, the infamous instrument ofoppression was the Lettre de Cache, signed by the kingand then counter-signed by somebody in authority. This letter was sufficientto allow you to go and get the police to arrest somebody. The Lettre de Cache was first enforced in the 13th century. 400 years later, Louis XIV, the king of France, exploits the policy to his full advantage, inflicting punishments rangingfrom short, sharp shocks to life sentences for thosewho fall out of his favor. Julian Swann is a historian specializing in the French judicial system of the 17th and 18th century. In France, under Louis XIV, there was a very effective functioning system of justice. But, like even in moremodern political systems, there's still theopportunity for the state to act in its self-defense. Individuals could be locked away without any chance of a fair trial. Or, indeed, of even being ableto be sure why they had been locked away. Voltaire's crimeagainst the establishment is writing poems satirizingthe regent Philippe II. The regent clearly thoughtthat he had gone too far, and a Lettre de Cache was issued, and Voltaire was put inprison, put in the Bastille. That was his major experience, at firsthand, of injustice. King LouisXIV's capacity for cruelty would no doubt be in Voltaire's mind as his Bastille prison door slammed shut. Just over 40 years earlier, a high profile scandal had rocked France, provoking a wave of arrests. The Affair of the Poisonsis one of the great causes celebres of the 17th century. Initially it started off withthe trial, a spectacular trial, of Madame de Brinvilliers, a marquise, a woman of high social background. In a powerstruggle, she and her lover poisoned not only her disapproving father, but her two brothers. Widespread hysteria broke out, as more members of the ruling class areimplicated in poisoning plots. There is even an allegedconspiracy to poison Louis, himself. A witch hunt rooted out anyone suspected of these fiendish activities. For many people it wouldresult in imprisonment, and even death. In the course of theinvestigations into the affair, more than 100 people were arrested. Perhaps at least 30 executed. Eventually, the treatmentof the prisoners generates unfavorable scrutiny of France from other European powers, so the inquisition is halted. Once the investigations intothe Affair of the Poisons end, the government finds itselfin a very difficult position. It had at least 65 individuals who knew a great deal about what had happened, and they were just toodangerous to be allowed out. The king banishedthem to different fortresses around his kingdom. The Marquis de Louvois was Louis XIV's Secretary of State for War. He instructs that the prisoners must be stripped of their identities. Not even the prison guards areallowed to know their names. They were chained to walls in dungeons and left to rot. Some of whom would still bealive more than 40 years later. Fortunately, for Voltaire, he is spared this extreme fate. He is only incarcerated inthe Bastille for under a year, yet it is enough to have a serious effect on him. He was in for 11 months, and it changed him. It really did. Especially as he feels he, too, is now the victim of injustice. While of course he had been in a sense in the wrong to complainabout the regent in print, um, he was nevertheless voicingwhat many people actually thought about the regent. He was not doing things that were different from other people, and yet he had been singled out in this way and had been given no opportunityto make his case. From this pointVoltaire is even more intent on sabotaging the system. And just over 30 years later, he immortalizes the story which will become oneof France's greatest mysteries. In 1751, Voltaire publishesa history of Louis' reign entitled "The age of Louis XIV." It contains the first reference ever printed of a masked prisoner. "This prisoner wore a mask, the chin piece of which had steel springs toallow him to eat with it on, and the order was to killhim if he took it off." Voltaire's book details the ordeal. He describes how the convict's head is sealed in iron for 40 years, as he is moved from prison to prison. "An unknown prisoner was conveyed with the utmost secrecy." Voltaire writes that the offender is escorted by an officer entrusted to keep his identity a secret. Benigne d'Auvergne de Saint-Mars. He is the other character historians believe could help solve themystery of the iron mask. Saint-Mars was a respected prison officer in 17th century France. His career guarding high security prisoners and transporting them from jailto jail is well-documented. Historian Robin Briggs is an expert in 17th-century Frenchhistory, and is investigating the man in the iron mask and the jailer assigned to watch over him. Saint-Mars begins as a musketeer, and in 1664 the real D'Artagnanrecommends him as the jailer of a disgraced finance minister who is being sent to thisremote fortress of Pignerol, in the Alps. Today the town is on Italian soil, and known as Pinerolo. It bears no mark of thebuilding Saint-Mars governed. But in the 17th century, Pignerol prison is one of the most austere andremote in the French system. Pignerol is a fortress townin the foothills of the Alps. There, you have a castle which has several towers in its walls. And a couple of thosetowers had been fixed up, so they providedaccommodation for prisoners. There still exists, in a series of correspondence betweenSaint-Mars and his boss, the Marquis de Louvois. Louvois is in charge of the fortresses, and ultimately responsiblefor the career of Saint-Mars, who he regards as one of his trustees. Their contactlasts from Saint-Mars' time at Pignerol until of Louvois' death in 1691, a key period when prisoners are being held in a series of different jails. After Pignerol, around from 1681 to 1687, Saint-Mars is governor of another mountain prison, Exiles. The journey from Pignerol toExiles is only about 25 miles. It would have been quite a rough journey through these mountains. The fortress at Exiles dominates the surrounding countryside. Now, it is a museum. But its presence today isas daunting as back then. This is a fairlydesolate part of the world. Saint-Mars himself didn't know whether he would ever get another promotionor be moved from there. While for the prisoners, itmust have seemed that this was the place where they would be locked up for the rest of their lives. A very depressing prospect, I would have thought, for all these parties. More importantly, a letter Louvois writes to Saint-Mars on the2nd of March 1682, corroborates the cruel policy of keeping the unfortunate prisoners completely nameless. The government likes tooperate a policy of terror, I think, by keepingeverything as dark as it can. "Since it is importantthat the prisoners at Exiles, who at Pignerol were called'the prisoners of the lower tower, ' have no contact with anyone, the king has ordered me tocommand you to have them guarded with such care andstrictness that you can answer to his majesty for them beingunable to speak with anyone, not only from outside, but even amongst the garrison of Exiles." Historians have discovered that whilst at Exiles, Saint-Mars only has two prisoners with him, both of whom he had bought from Pignerol. We know that one of theprisoners dies at Exiles, and the other one is taken to the Ile St. Marguerite by Saint-Mars. And therefore, this must be the surviving prisoner from Pigerol. The island of St. Marguerite lies in the Mediterraneansea with a view of the modern city of Cannes. The Fort Royal, where theprisoner is incarcerated, overshadows the small island. The garrison is now a tourist attraction, and the waters surroundingit welcome a steady stream of holidaymakers. Visitors can still see the cell where he spends 11 solitary years. This is not the end of themysterious prisoner's torment. His final destination is theinfamous Bastille in Paris. Voltaire confirms that the masked prisoner is transported by Saint-Mars. He is ultimately promotedto be governor of the Bastille in 1698, which is when theman in the mask makes his appearance in the Bastille, because Saint-Mars brings him from the Ile St. Marguerite. Yet in all the lettersbetween the jailer, Saint-Mars, and his superior, Louvois, thereis not one mention of a mask. At first, this seems to be atodds with Voltaire's story. But further investigationreveals a source from the records of the Bastille, that endorses his account. The storming of the Bastille in 1789 brought about its utter destruction. Today all that remains ofthe fortress that once loomed threateningly over Paris are a few stones that were recovered oncethe French Revolution had died down. The building itself may have disappeared, but some of its records have survived. TheBibliotheque de L'Arsenal is part of the National Library in Paris. It holds many of the documents that chronicle the Bastille's murkypast, including the diary of one of its officers. Well, Etienne de Junca is alieutenant of the Bastille, who was expected to guard andto look over the prisoners during their incarceration. He is present whenSaint-Mars arrives from St. Marguerite with the prisoner. De Junca keeps a journal of everything that happens in the Bastilleduring his time there. It's a daily record that allows him to keep track of events. Who's in the prison, why theyare there, and when they leave. In its pages is the first eyewitness reference to Saint-Mars' prisoner being masked. "On Thursday, September 18,at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, the new governor of the Bastille, Monsieur de Saint-Mars, made his official entry into this prison. He comes from the islandsof St. Marguerite, And St. Honorat and hasbrought with him in a letter an old prisoner who he had in custody in Pignerol, and whom he kept alwaysmasked, and whose name has not been given to me, or recorded." Here, we have thefirst irrefutable evidence that this namelessconvict is indeed masked, and has been with Saint-Mars throughout the majority of his career as a prison official. This is the fate that intriguedand terrified readers when first published by Voltaire. But using modern medicalknowledge to test the story throws up surprising results. Musculoskeletal surgeon, Mike Edwards, reveals the likely effects of being cooped up decade afterdecade in a solid iron mask. Based on the story that a mancan be encased in an iron mask for 30 years, never removing it, how likely is it that he would survive? In my opinion and on the balance of probability he wouldn't survive. With the aid of computer graphics, Mike unravels what wouldactually take place inside. To understand what'shappening beneath the mask, it's best at this stage we takethe mask away from the face. Beneath the mask there's an environment that is warm, moist, and fatty. Horrible for the person in the mask, but nirvana for bugs suchas fungus and bacteria. If the skin is damaged, it opensa portal to the bloodstream. Bacteria on the outside are no problem. Bacteria on the inside are a big problem. And the skin would break easily when it rubs against the mask. Once the bacteria get into the bloodstream, they multiply and precipitatea very dangerous situation known as a septicemia. The bacteriatrigger a chain reaction. One by one the organs in the body begin to shut down as thebrain steals blood from them. The first place this goes is in the skin. The second is in the kidneys, in the liver, the lungs, and eventually the heart. But when the heart goes, that's the end of the line. Julian Swann hascome to the Chateau of Loches, in the Loire Valley in France to investigate the conditions 17th centuryprisoners were subjected to. This is one of the greatprisons of state in France and it had initially beenused by the French kings going right back into medieval times. But it was still very much typical of a French state prisonat the time of Louis XIV. Torture is common practice. There were a number of torture devices that were used regularly aspart of the judicial procedure. One of the most infamous is today euphemistically called "water boarding." The arms are tied togetherand pulled up over the head. Both feet are then drawn tightand fastened to a solid object, usually a wall. And then they would be stretched so they were at an angle such as that, with boards placed underneath them. What would happen then, is they'd have a linen mask put over their face, and they would take a cow's horn which would be put it in the mouth. And then the unfortunate individual would have water poured intothem, as much as 16 liters. They would haveexperienced excruciating pain, and suffered the agonizingsensation of drowning. [GASPING Grim reminders ofhow unfortunate prisoners are restrained are still evident. In Loches, ordinary prisonerswere chained to the walls. Chains like this were put around their neck. And can you imagine how difficult it would be? They'd find it almostimpossible to get comfortable or even to lie down. And for years on end, they might find themselves in this situation. Yet, whilst evidenceof these terrible treatments are still visible, there isnone of anyone being tormented with a mask made of iron. Yet, both de Junca, thelieutenant at the Bastille, and Voltaire, claim thatit was a real punishment. In November, 1703, de Junca again recalls the masked prisoner, when he describes his death. "On Monday the 19th of November, 1703, the unknown prisoner whomMonsieur de Saint-Mars had brought with him from theislands of St. Marguerite, and had kept for a long time, died at about 10 o'clock in the evening." However, an exacttranslation of the text reveals that the prisoner is in fact-- "--always masked with a black, velvet mask." The clinical investigation shows how it would bevirtually impossible to survive in a mask made of metal, soperhaps there never was one. Even though this is not theonly incident of prisoners whose faces are hidden. What we have with this storyof the man in the iron mask is, I think, is a set of dramatic improvisations and additions to a rathersimple original story. Which is that of somebody, who having become a criminal of state, for obscure reasons which we can only guess at, isthen trapped in this system. In theirobsession for utter secrecy, the authorities would mask prisoners in public to ensure identities are kept completely hidden. Maybe Saint-Mars' convict isjust another victim condemned and subsequently lost in the system, like so many other unfortunatesouls during this period in French history. We have other people in masks. It's all part of a generalsystem in which once you become a state prisoner you can just vanish, and there's no reason whyanybody should know who you are or where you are once you're being held in it. Whilst to have been disguised, he is probably someone of high rank, his sentence appears not to be unique. The quest to understand how a common practice, unremarkable at the time, becomes this exceptional tale of terror, leads back to the author who first wrote aboutit, Voltaire, the man who wants to end Louis' tyranny. Voltaire continues toinfuriate the authorities with his risky writing, makingit increasingly dangerous for him to remain in France. So he very cleverly moved justacross the border from Geneva into what is, in fact, France. And he buys this very large, ruined kind of semi-fortress, really, and completely rebuilds it. And that is then his Chateau de Ferney. So he's found, geographically, the ideal position. It's in France, so he's notbothered by the Genevans, but it's close enough to Geneva that if he were to hear of any police peoplecoming from Paris to get him, he could simply slip across theborder into Geneva and be safe. Voltaire lives in his hideaway until the year he dies. Safe from capture heresumes his subversive work. And once it found that, then he could, in fact, start saying things that he wanted to say before. And it is whilsthe is out of harm's way that he further embellishes his story. In a work entitled "Questionson the Encyclopedia," Voltaire implies that the man in the iron mask is none other than Louis' brother. The accusation is designed to bring King Louis and his Bourbondynasty into more disrepute. Yet, experts question the truthbehind Voltaire's plot line. The idea that the man in themask is Louis XIV's brother seems impossible, because a royal birth is such a public event in 17th century France. The queen is surrounded by dozens of people, and even after the birth there would still be a substantial number of people around her. And therefore, the secret couldn't possibly have been kept had there been a second birth. So this coreelement of Voltaire's story appears to be fabricated. He simply makes up these scandalous allegations. It is just another part of his greater plan. He may precisely be usingthis story for his own ends, and the ends clearly would beto undermine the legitimacy of the Bourbon monarchy. A deliberate attempt to perpetuate the myth of the man in the iron mask, and draw attention to KingLouis' sadistic behavior. The masked prisoneris a powerful symbol of how brutal the system can be, andone which Voltaire no doubt realizes will undermine the king and capture the imagination of his readers. In February, 1778, Voltairecomes home to Paris after nearly 25 years and istreated as a returning hero. Historians claim that Voltaire'santagonistic propaganda provokes public animositytowards their despotic leaders. And although he doesn't live to witness it, he helps trigger theFrench Revolution of 1789. I think in a way Voltaireis the person who begins to tear the Bastille down. That's to say, that the Bastilleis a symbol of this oppression, which of course, was eventually torn down in the revolution itself. The unjust and oppressive Bourbon monarchs are deposedand replaced by the republic. And the uprising ends the tyranny of the Lettres desCaches, which are finally abolished once and for all. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 