Mystery Files: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Mystery Files 
 s1e10 - Cleopatra - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Mystery Files (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - Cleopatra - full transcript 
 Egypt's last queen from the Macedonian dynasty of the Lagids, descended from Alexander the Great's general Ptolemy, managed to win the struggle for the Pharaonic throne from her brother-spouse by seducing Julius Caesar, who took control of strategic granary Egypt during his triumvirate's civil war, so as to be maintained as client queen. After Caesar's political murder in Rome for founding a virtual monarchy, she sides with Marc Anthony, whom she seduced, only to perish with him in suicide after Octavian's victory in the next civil war. But did she seduce such astute general-statesmen, just by female charms, decadent opulence and her erudite schooling, or did they believe she was a priceless lay as an Egyptian living exotic divinity? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The year is 49 BC. Civil war rages across the Roman Empire. Because Rome was so powerful, it dominated the Mediterranean world. The violence spillsinto neighboring Egypt, where a teenage girl is thrust onto the throne of this mystical kingdom. She will go on to become one of the key power players of ancient history. Military might is not theonly secret of her success. Sexual temptation, alone, can't explain it. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 So how does this iconic queen defy death in a brutal, male-dominated age? We investigate the private realmof the last pharaoh of Egypt, as we open the mystery files on Cleopatra. For 2000 years, legends ofQueen Cleopatra's love life have inspired countlesspaintings, plays, and movies. But now, scholars arehunting for the real queen, and exploring how, againstthe odds, she mesmerized, first, Julius Caesar, and then, Mark Antony, two of Rome's most influential leaders. Cleopatra is born in 69 BC, eldest daughter of a long line of powerful Egyptian pharaohs. There have been six otherQueen Cleopatras in the dynasty before her, named after its founder, Ptolemy I. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Author Mei Trow has been researching these turbulent times. Ptolemy was Greek, and he settled in Egypt after the death of Alexander. Alexander the Greatwas the Macedonian warlord who conquered Egypt in 332 BC. After his death, one of his top generals, Ptolemy, took over the country. And from that began the Ptolemaic dynasty, which lasted for 300 years. When she is just18, Cleopatra's father dies. She ascends to the throne, and becomes Queen Cleopatra VII, rulingalongside her 10-year-old brother, Ptolemy XIII. Their brother-and-sister union is customary. Doctor Christopher Snyderhas researched the dynasties of ancient Egypt and Rome. Cleopatra was set up as a consort for her brother, Ptolemy. And that is tradition, Egyptian tradition, that it was a way to keep this divine blood within the royal family. Doctor Debbie Challisexplains how precarious life as a Ptolemaic royal will be. There's been infighting within the Ptolemies for the last 50 years, ifnot going back before that. Betrayal and assassination are a constant risk of court. Cleopatra's own fatherwas one of the few rulers not to have been murdered. And now, the teenage queen facesimminent danger from abroad. Across the Mediterranean Sea, to the north, is one of the most expansionistsuperpowers in history-- Rome. It dominated the Mediterraneanworld 2000 years ago. And the Romans, of course, wereincredibly pushy, aggressive, adventurous, and they tooktheir civilization as far as they could to the west, and as far as they could to the east, which included Egypt. At the time of Cleopatra's accession, the empire stretches from the North Atlantic to the Eastern Mediterranean-- at its heart, Rome. In that great city, professor Valerie Higgins lectures on ancient history. There is a slight gap, here, when they haven't completely conquered Egypt. They've conquered some of theouter territories of Egypt, but they haven't conquered Egypt itself. But Egypt is progressively beingbrought into the Roman sphere of influence. Rome's hold over Egypt is financial. Cleopatra's predecessors hadborrowed large sums of money to fund their internal power struggles. If you were trying to keepin power, like Ptolemy XII-- Cleopatra's father-- and youwanted to borrow some money to, basically, pay some troops, or to borrow the Roman troops, then you'd take a massiveloan out from Rome. Fortunately, Egyptis a credit-worthy customer. Egypt has grain. And remember, the rulers of Rome have got to keep their people happy. And one obvious way of doing itis with food, and plenty of it. Egypt's fertilitymakes her desired, and has also kept her safe. If you were to make eachEgypt a full province, you would have to give it a governor-- a Roman governor, who could, with all the wealth that Egypt had behind it, could actually challenge the leadership in Rome. If you can keep the native ruler on the throne, a native rulerwho is actually a client king, then you've got the best of both worlds. In Egypt, Ptolemy Xlilis one of these client kings. His sister, Cleopatra, is his queen. Rome is getting paid. There is a fragile peace. But it could collapse at any moment. There had been meetings in the Senate about whether Rome should take over Egypt. Only three yearsinto Cleopatra's reign, a royal power struggle inEgypt gives the Roman dictator, Julius Caesar, the excuse he needs. Ptolemy XIII had advisors whokind of instigated a rebellion, or a disagreement, between the two, and Cleopatra was kicked out. Cleopatra surviveswith her life, then, flees into exile. Caesar leads his troops into Egypt, on the pretext ofmediating between the Queen and her brother. The only hope for the deposed queen is if she can convince Caesar to take her side. But Cleopatra has nothing to offer Caesar that he can't simplytake, apart from one thing-- herself. Pat Brown has studied thelife and death of Cleopatra. So the story goes, that inorder to meet Julius Caesar, she was put into a carpet, and rolled up. And they carried her in to the palace, and then unrolled this infront of Julius Caesar. And out came Cleopatra. The Greek historian, Plutarch, records that Caesar isenamored by Cleopatra's wit, and overcome by her charms. Julius Caesar stayed in Alexandria, and was forced into acivil war between Cleopatra and her brother. And he did put himself at great physical risk. And many of his friends werewondering why he was involved in this sort of local conflict. Caesar'sinvolvement is now total. His forces engaged the Egyptian Army. Cleopatra's nemesis andbrother, Ptolemy XIII, dies. But instead of taking over Egypt, Caesar gives it back to Cleopatra, and installs her as queen, alongside her other brother, Ptolemy XIV. Cleopatra has kept her country, and is back on the throne. How she managed to charm a whole nation out of an all-powerful dictatorhas puzzled historians. It's very difficult to know exactly where Cleopatra's charm came from. If you look at portraits of her, on her coinage in particular, she looks, frankly, plain. The popularlegend relates that Caesar fell for Cleopatra, simply because she was so extremely attractive. It's usually hard to tellwhat people in antiquity actually looked like. And we get written descriptionsoccasionally, but very seldom do we get to realisticportraits on coins, and busts, and things like that. Artist India Amosis analyzing images believed to be of Cleopatra, to tryand produce an impression of what she looked like. Because this is myprofession, drawing portraits, I'd like to say that it was an easy challenge. But it definitely wasn't. I had to look at statues, coins, images on paper, and they were so different and varied. Some were sort of more stylized-- for instance, the coins. And then you've got the statues, and they were often broken. Some of them were with broken noses, or just weathered over age. India thinks she may have discovered a reason why the coins might appear less attractive to some observers. Yeah, well, with the side profile, any prominent features, which she certainly has, with the hook nose, the flared nostril, quite a kind of prominentbump chin, probably makes her, to some people, lessattractive than the softer, rounded feature that you seefrom the front-on 3/4 profile. I wouldn't say that she was anugly person, definitely not. But there is an alternative explanation. Well, I think the depiction on the coin is, really, to show her as mannish as possible. After all, the Roman world was male. And the Queen of Egypt has got to appear to be a general, just like they were. She was. She was commander in chiefof her armies, of her navies. And so the male imagegoes very much with that. Today, opinions are still divided about whether Cleopatra was as beautiful as her myth claims. But even if she is the most beautiful woman to have ever existed, is the promise of sex with her enough motivation for a highly intelligent and calculating ruler, like Caesar, to change his entire behavior, lose valuable territories, damage his political standing, and even risk his life? Now, this is fascinatingand very difficult to explain. It can't just be a pretty face. There must have been morethan just her physical charm. Now, scholars are focusing beyond her physicalappearance, and investigating Cleopatra's other attractions. I think something that's often overlooked is how intellectual Cleopatra was. Cleopatra spoke Greek and Egyptian, but also languages like Aramaic and Syriac. She was a verywell-educated young woman, and it would come to serveher well as Queen of Egypt. She was a scientist. She was a philosopher. She could debate with the finest Greek minds. And she was also, undoubtedly, the richest woman in the Mediterranean world. And people like Caesar like that. Intelligent, sexual, and rich-- Cleopatra has several devices she can employ in her seduction. And it works. So far, Cleopatra's attributes have saved her sovereign independence, achieved by seducing Julius Caesar, now, a dictator, and therefore, the most powerful man in the Roman world. But it is Caesar's very successthat will be his downfall. The Roman Republic isstrongly anti-monarchist, and Caesar's rule is looking suspiciously like that of a king. The Romans decide, the tyrant must go. On the 15th of March, 44BC, Caesar is assassinated. After Caesar was murdered, Cleopatra was in a terrible situation. She had nobody there to support her anymore. Rome's empire isdivided again, and later erupts, once more, into civil war, as Octavian, Caesar's adopted son and heir, goes head to head with one of Rome's most formidable and successful generals-- Mark Antony. Octavian and Mark Antony weretwo very different individuals. Octavian was not a soldier. He was an astute politician, avery careful, and very modest man. Antony was a larger-than-life figure. He was a great soldier, agreat lover, a great friend to many of his fellow soldiers. In a rerun ofthe earlier Roman conflict, Cleopatra's Egypt is a key battleground. Antony petitions thequeen to support his side. Again, Cleopatra wants to keep her throne, and retain Egyptian sovereign status. And again, she has nothingto bargain with that Antony can't already take by force-- apart from herself. For the second time, Cleopatramust seduce one of the most powerful people in the world. She's definitely puttingherself out for Mark Antony, to dazzle him, as much as anything else. She's got a lot to lose, if she doesn't do that. Those sumptuous banquets thatCleopatra held on her barge, where she takes off one of her earrings, one of the largest pearls ever recorded, and dissolves it in a glass of wine-- literally, conspicuous consumption. This is something that, over all of the moments, the sheer opulence of it all. Cleopatra hasadded extravagance, excess, and gluttony to her list of enticements, to lure Mark Antony. Displays of wealth and lavish offers of food are intoxicating-- effects that go far deeper thancultural or historical context. At New York University, Dr. Lucy Brown has scanned the brains of subjects who are receiving sexual, financial, and gastronomic positive stimuli. And what we'll look at is the change in his brainactivity in different regions. And we'll extrapolate, from that, different brain systems that are involved. Yeah, that's good, perfect. Great. Dr. Brown's results reveal that the reaction in the brain to sexual stimuli is similar to the arousalprovoked by the promise of food and money. These inducements triggerdeep, neurological effects, that transcend culture and the passage of time, and would have worked thesame way 2000 years ago. Keeping the reward system active is what Cleopatra was doing, by providing all of these wonderful contextsfor Caesar and Mark Antony. Cleopatra's techniqueis a stage-managed concert of pleasures. It's all carefully planned. She uses her money. She uses her sexuality. Everything is orchestrated--the hair, the dress, the perfume that she uses. And all of it is very calculating. Yet historians have identified a stranger aspect of Cleopatra's seduction of Caesar and Mark Antony-- perhaps the key component of her legend as a magical Eastern temptress. Is it possible the Romans, like Egyptians, believed that a pharaoh is a god in human form? I think we sometimes underestimate how superstitious the Romans were. If Antony, himself, regards Egypt's rulers as divine, then perhaps, he is also convinced he is nowconducting intimate relations with a living goddess. They believed in gods and goddesses. They were real. The Romans regularly performed rituals to stay in their favor. And here, we have an Egyptian society with tremendously powerful gods, who have been around forever, it seems. By the time of Cleopatra's reign, Egypt was already an ancient civilization. Incredibly, the 21st centuryis closer to the Roman era than the Romans were to thebuilding of the pyramids. How these billion-toncreations were ever erected is already an enigma to the Romans. In an age of deep religious conviction, Romans would have been inawe of Egypt's mystical past, and of the bizarre godsthat watch over Cleopatra. We think, in termsof hawk heads and crocodile deities, they are frightening. There is that kind ofsupernatural malevolence, somehow, I think, from Egypt. To the Romans, Egypt is mysterious, exotic, and frightening. I think it was scary. I think we have to imagine that most people in the ancient world were what, today, we would call superstitious. Plutarch tells us how Cleopatra plays on Antony's spiritual beliefs, in the way she presents herself to him. Well, she appears beforehim as the female goddesses of both Egypt and Greece-- an Isis, who's the goddess offertility, the greatest goddess in the Egyptian mythologies, fused with Aphrodite, the goddess of love. But some scholars argue this is more than fantasy role-playing, and that Antony may view Cleopatra to be, at least in part, supernatural. Evidence lies in thedeep-rooted psychological and religious attitudes of Romans. Investigations into the works of Horace, a major Roman poet, alive andwriting while these events are unfolding, reveals clues of what Romans really thought, 2000 years ago. Latin scholar, Dr. Paul Gwynne, is analyzing the language Horace usesto describe the seduction of Antony by Cleopatra. Horace writes in such a sophisticated way. There is not one word, in any of his poetry, that he's not thought about, that he's not placed with care and attention. He has noticed a few of these carefully chosen words in Horace'sdescription of Cleopatra. We see her as, in the very center of the poem, a fatale monstrum. Now, how you translate theword fatale monstrum is always difficult. Both the words, separately, have religious connotations. Fatale means death-dealing, fatal, in the sense that it's fateful. Monstrum is something to beadmired and wary of, and also, at the same, a monster, something that's out of the ordinary. As Horace describesCleopatra as monstrum, from where the modern word monster derives, it implies he considersher outside the ordinary, exotic, and alien. In terms of whether MarkAntony believed he was sleeping with somebody divine, I thinkit's so difficult for us to think like that, givenwe're so rational, now. It's very tempting, inour modern, cynical world, to think that key players, like Caesar, like Mark Antony, were above such things, that they were actually very hard-bitten, very cynical, very clever, and merely paying lip service to all that. I don't think that's true. I think that's to misunderstand what the ancient world is all about. They were brought up to know nothing else. The research indicates that Caesar and Antony might well believe Cleopatra to really be a goddess. It's an irresistiblebackup to her master plan. I think we're looking at acombination of factors, here. You've got her sense of physicalpresence, her beauty, which would have been accentuated by makeup, and clothes, and hairstyle, and so on. You've got her ability tospeak umpteen languages, and to entertain. You've got her sexuality. You've got her power. She was pharaoh of Upper and Lower Egypt. Put that lot together, and you have got something that adds up to a charm. Factor in, this woman is a goddess, and I think that, to people like Caesar, to people like Mark Antony, this would have been enormously powerful. Her seduction of Antony complete, the pair form a partnership-- Antony, gaining the wealth of Egypt, Cleopatra, keeping herlife, her throne, and Egypt as an independent nation. Paid for with Egyptian richesand fed on Egyptian grain, for a while, Antony andCleopatra's armies hold off those of their enemy, Octavian. But at what price? The conservative, Octavian, would have used Cleopatra's ostentatious lifestyle against Mark Antony. He would have, back in Rome, been trying to convince the Roman peoplethat the solid soldier, Mark Antony, was being seduced by theevil temptress from the east. In the end, hiscountrymen turned against him. And even with the resources of Egypt, Antony could not stand up to thesheer military might of Rome. On the 1st of August, 30 BC, when Cleopatra is 39 years old, she and Antony surrender. Rather than be captured by Octavian and dragged to Rome inchains, Antony and Cleopatra commit suicide. Octavian takes over Egypt, andimposes direct rule from Rome. The country, finally, becomesjust another Roman province. The land will not be solelyunder Egyptian control for another 2000 years. Egypt's last queen isdead, but she has survived far longer than expected. Having both Julius Caesarand Mark Antony as lovers enabled Cleopatra to both hold on to power, and to extend her power for many years, beyond what any Egyptianwoman, perhaps, had ever done. Yet even in death, Cleopatra's hold over the Roman imaginationis as strong as ever. It is common in the classical world to destroy images of conquered enemies. The Greek biographer, Plutarch, records that although Octavian orders the tearing down of Mark Antony's statues, Cleopatra's ought to be left standing. Octavian then arranges fora lavish display, bearing the spoils of Egypt and an effigy of Cleopatra, to be paraded through Romeduring his victory procession. Plutarch writes that Octavian isbribed into leaving the statues of Cleopatra unharmed. Might it be that he, too, knowing how she was revered as a goddess by her people, may have been enthralled by the larger-than-life legend of Cleopatra, as the world still is, today? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 