Mystery Files: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Mystery Files 
 s1e2 - Jack the Ripper - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Mystery Files (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Jack the Ripper - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 NARRATOR: The most infamousserial killer of all-time-- Jack the Ripperterrorizes the backstreets of Victorian London, slashingand mutilating his victims. But for over 100 years, the Ripper has never been identified. Now, modern criminal profiling is unearthing clues, which couldturn the case on its head. Recreating the crime scenes and trawling the files to reveal the keysuspect that everybody missed-- we open the MysteryFiles on Jack the Ripper. [theme music] 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 In the years 1888 to 1891, 11 women are killed in the notorious White Chapel area in east London. Five of the murders bear horrific similarities, so are attributed to the same anonymous murderer. The victims are all prostitutes-- Mary Ann Nichols, Annie Chapman, Liz Stride, Catherine Eddowes, and Mary Kelly. This intense killing spree of streetwalkers runs from August to November, then it stops as abruptly as it starts. Over the years there have beenmany theories about the killer, from the Freemasons to arural physician, and even one of Queen Victoria's grandsons. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 But despite these five murdersbeing reexamined hundreds of times before, investigators believe each of them still holds hidden clues to the real culprit. Pat Brown is now applying21st century profiling techniques to the Ripper case. PAT BROWN: Criminal profiling is really about doing everything scientifically, examining all the evidence--the physical evidence and the behavioral evidence, and then determining exactly what happened at the crime scene and exactly what kind ofperson committed that crime. NARRATOR: The murdersstart on August 31st, 1888. Mary Ann Nichols is found inBuck's Row, across the road from the London Hospital. He throat is cut, and her groinand torso repeatedly stabbed. It seems a motiveless crime. But profiler Pat Brownthinks the location concealed something about the killer. PAT BROWN: The London hospital treated a lot of people for syphilis. And they had kind of had an emergency room there. So it is interesting thatshe was near the hospital. NARRATOR: Syphilis is rife in London, and White Chapel, the haunt ofcasual prostitutes and migrant workers, is no exception. Professor Bob Peckitt is a forensic psychiatrist. BOB PECKITT: Jack the Ripper might have suffered from asexually transmitted disease such as syphilis. Now syphilis was certainlyendemic amongst the community in the East End of London, not limited to the prostitute community. NARRATOR: In the 1880ssyphilis has no known cure. It can lead to madness and death. PAT BROWN: It's possible that Jack, having gone to the hospitalfor treatment for syphilis was very frustrated when he came out. NARRATOR: Prostitute Mary Ann Nichols would be an easy target for his rage. The second fatality, Annie Chapman, is found nine days later on September the 8th, less than a kilometer away in Hanbury Street. Like Nichols, she is a middle-aged prostitute. And like Nichols, her throat is cut. But when the police examined Chapman's body, they find it's been slicedopen and her uterus is missing. BOB PECKITT: The questionof the body parts is, of course, very perturbing. Men who commit this sort of offense take trophies to remind them, to produce an immediacy, a tactical physical and sensual connection with the crime and the victim. NARRATOR: But removing awoman's uterus is very unusual. BOB PECKITT: In this case, the perpetrator is worked up from thestabbing and the mutilation to removing whole body parts. And not only body parts, but the very central essence of womanhood. NARRATOR: The slashing ofanother street worker shocks the nation. The press sensationalizedthe story. They immediately connect Annie Chapman's murder to the Nichols case. Although the term serial killeris not coined until the 1930s, journalists report on WhiteChapel's mass murderer and whip up hysteria around the case. Alan Moss, from the Metropolitan Police, is an expert on the Ripper case. ALAN MOSS: I think the press interest actually started escalating with each of these murders, particularly as it gotinto August and September when they seemed to be happening with alarming frequency. And these all built up to anenormous amount of publicity and coverage in the newspapers. NARRATOR: Letters from the killer are even faked by reportersto push up their circulation. One of these, sent on September the 25th, is how the murderer gets his name. It is the press who dub him, Jack the Ripper, because of the distinctive mutilation he inflicts on his victims. [scream] Just three days after the letterarrives, panic in White Chapel reaches unprecedented levels, as two male prostitutes are slain on the same night. Elizabeth Stride was killed about an hour before Catherine Eddowes. Her throat was cut, andthere was a general belief that the murderer had beendisturbed by people who were coming to a nearby social club, and had left the victim, and then goneon to murder Catherine Eddowes. NARRATOR: Even though ElizabethStride is not mutilated, her crime scene can stilloffer critical leads for criminal profilers. Stride was killed rightoutside the International Working Men's EducationalClub, here on Berner Street. Now what's important about this is that serial killers oftentimes kill where they just happen to be at. NARRATOR: The club house ishost that night to a meeting about Judaism and socialism. At the time, housing and working conditions are the main rallying pointsfor East End radicals. But there is also a lotof anti-Semitic sentiment in White Chapel, so theevent could have been heated. If Jack was over at thisparticular meeting that night, the rally, it would get him riled up. So as he comes out and he's furious-- yes, society's treated me badly. He sees the prostitute and attacks. NARRATOR: Pat Brown believesfurther clues to the Ripper's identity can be gleaned from his second murder on the night of September the 30th-- Catherine Eddowes in Mitre Square. People ask, is there reasonfor a criminal profiler to go to a location. And the answer is yes. Even though this happenedyears and years ago, and this isn't the original crime scene-- but we can see enough thatwe can really understand why Jack picked this location. From this spot he can lookstraight down that passageway and see if that police officeris coming, because he's got a viewpoint right here. NARRATOR: Eddowes murder is truly gruesome. Her throat is cut, her body disemboweled, and for the first time, thevictim's face is slashed. Some experts have claimed that this shows Jack's increasing frenzy. But Pat Brown has another perspective on how the scene plays out. He put her toward this wall because he knew he wanted to cut her throat and he wanted the blood to go away from him. [scream] He was trying to strangle her-- put her in like a sleeper hold, which basically knocks people out. [screams] But what is happening is she was struggling. He's moving her like that. He's got his knife in his hand and he's trying to keep control of her. And finally he does. She passes out, and he goes andhe cuts her throat like this. But as one can see if one turns the head, you can see there is a damage to the face. So most likely all the facedamage came from the struggle, as he was trying to bring her to the ground. NARRATOR: Catherine is finally dead, but Jack is not yet fulfilled. For the second time, the Ripper removes the deceased woman's uterus. PAT BROWN: What Jackthought from Eddowes when he took her organs was her uterus. And that's the most important one. I think that's what he was after. He took that from Chapman as well, and if he had had timeperhaps he would have done so with Nichols and Stride. But he wanted that uterus. NARRATOR: Jack has vanished by the time Eddowes is found by the police. He leaves two more clues-- a piece of Eddowes apron is discovered in a neighboring street. And on a wall above it arewords scrawled in chalk. It is thought at the time tojust be anti-Semitic graffiti. So as not to associate it with the Ripper and incite racialviolence, it's immediately removed by the police. But a fresh examination ofthe words noted in the police reports of the day reveals it may well have been the work of the killer. Donald Rumbelow has publishedextensively on the ripper case. The writing on thewall in Goulston street-- what was written insidethis doorway were the words, "the Jews are the men that willnot be blamed for nothing." My own feeling is that it waswritten by Jack the Ripper. There was the message. There was the bloodstainedapron from Catherine Eddowes on the floor below it. So I do believe that messagewas written by Jack the Ripper. NARRATOR: An inability tofeel remorse and accept blame is typical in psychopaths. Earlier that night, theWorking Men's Club meeting may have inflamed Jack's sense of injustice. The Stride incident wasoutside a particular club that had a Jewish rally that night. Now Jack took this to heart. If he was there he mightstill have that in his head. So he still has that rage hewants to tell society about. And he thinks, everybodyblames me for everything. They're blaming me for nothing. And so he goes to write on the wall. NARRATOR: Pat Brown agreeswith Rumbelow, that the words are scrawled by the killer. And she feels the spellingand grammatical mistakes are also consistent with Jack's brain, deteriorating due to venereal disease. I believe it was just Jack sort of losing his own cognitive skills and he was writing that, both from hissyphilis and from his rage. NARRATOR: Ms. Stride's murder, outside a Jewish socialist rally, and the writing on the wall, lead Pat to believe that the Ripper may be a Jewish tradesman. But religion is just assensitive now as in 1888. Serial killers come from all races. They're white, they're black, they're Hispanic. They're everything, because quite frankly psychopathy doesn'tknow just one group of people. So in this particular instance, I think that Jack the Ripper is Jewish, but his being Jewish has nothing to do with being Jack the Ripper. NARRATOR: Pat Brown'sprofile is taking shape-- a Jewish tradesman sufferingfrom a degenerative brain disease. Here at London's Police Headquarters there are more clues. This book belongs to Scotland Yard, and it's never been filmed. It was written by the headof the Ripper investigation. Noted at the back there's aname of who officers at the time suspected the Ripper was. He's called Kosminski, amentally ill Jewish immigrant. BOB PECKITT: I have here some of the records from Colney Hatch Asylum, whichis a large mental hospital in London. It's closed now. These are copies of therecords of Aaron Kosminski. Now the admitting medical officer says that he was guided, and his movements were altogether controlled, and that he knew the destiny of all mankind. Now these are really quite typical phrases or statements used by peoplewith paranoid schizophrenia. NARRATOR: But Kosminski'sserious schizophrenia actually leads the modern-dayexperts to believe he could not have been the Ripper. BOB PECKITT: I think thatKosminski was an ill man. And I think that his disorderwould have robbed him of much of the ability to plan and carry out a sequence of events like this. I don't think that AaronKosminski was Jack the Ripper. NARRATOR: Kosminski is never charged. The police investigation is stalling. After four horrific murders, there is immense public pressure. But the climate of fear is about to intensify. On November the 9th, sixweeks after the double-killing of Elizabeth Stride and Catherine Eddowes seem to have signaled the endof Jack's orgy of killing, 25-year-old old prostitute, Mary Kelly, is hacked to pieces in her bed. [screams] But the nature of thecrime brings criminologists to question if it iscommitted by the same man who took the lives of the four other victims. This particular case is sodifferent from the other four, you have to wonder if it is the same person. The other four were all outdoor crimes. This was an indoor crime. The other four were done in just a few minutes. This one, he took his time. NARRATOR: Kelly's murder takes place inside-- the crime scene left undisturbed. By recreating the room throughphotos and police reports, Pat Brown deduces that sheprobably knew her killer. What I find interesting isthe clothing on the chair. This is Mary Kelly'sclothes, nicely folded up and placed there. Now if Mary had beencoming in with her client and it had been Jack, andJack usually is in a rush. Jack just likes to jump out, grab the woman, and he kills her within seconds. And yet we see her clothesfolded on the chair. So either she took all her clothes off while this man waitedpatiently, then they got in bed and then he killed her. Perhaps she was already in her frock. Somebody knocked on the door. She knew who it was. She lets him into the room, and something goes wrong and he kills her. NARRATOR: Kelly was last seen alive at 2 AM. Witnesses claim to have caughtsight of her with two clients already that night. And from her clothes and boots inside the room, it looks like she was ready to go to bed. But she did not go to sleep. The dots show the locationof Mary's body parts. Underneath her head is a breast, a kidney, and her uterus. Her liver is between her feet. Her spleen to the side of her. On the table are piles of fleshfrom her abdomen and thighs. The black dot represents her heart that is recorded as simply missing. Kelly's face is horribly disfigured. She was almost unrecognizable. Her mutilated featuresreinforced Pat Brown's view that she knew her killer. PAT BROWN: There was a sheet that was laid over her. It seemed to look like itwas laid over her face. There were cuts in it. And if it was somebody who knew Mary, he wouldn't want to look at her when he did that. He could do, just this kind of thing and not have to actually see what he was doing. [screams] NARRATOR: The newspapers had described how Jack's previousvictim, Catherine Eddowes had her face slashed. This new twist is reportedin graphic detail. Mary's uterus is also left at the scene. This is the organ Jack prizesand most often takes away. I think Jack the Ripper committed only the four outside scenes, and this one, Mary Kelly, was done by somebody elsewho just wanted us to believe that Jack did this too. There is one final vitaldifference between Mary Kelly's death and the four other fatalities attributed to the Ripper that could have hindered police in their quest to crack the crimes and identify the killer. The police reports from the earlier murders speculate that the way the bodies are cut up indicates the Ripper could be a butcher. Whereas Kelly's autopsy reportrecords that the perpetrator has no anatomicalknowledge, throwing police off the possible killer's scent. I've always felt that itwas somebody like a butcher or a slaughter man who's got the necessary skills to extract these organs. PAT BROWN: Well who could walk through the streets more easily witha little bit of blood on him than a butcher? NARRATOR: Following this line of inquiry, there is a suspect who has beenmissed by the investigators-- a man the police at the time were aware of it but chose to ignore. When I look at all the possible suspects that we know of, the one I really look at very, very closely is aman by the name of Jacob Levy. Now Jacob Levy was a butcherand he was a Jewish tradesman. NARRATOR: Jacob matches PatBrown's profile of the Ripper's race and profession, but healso fits with another theory the police used to solve modern crimes. Geo-profiling techniquespredict that the killer lives within the circle of murders. Jacob Levy lived on Fieldgate Street, then moved to a butcher'spremises on Middlesex Street. Both are in the Ripper's killing grounds. PAT BROWN: If you have abutcher shop and a key to it, you can slip right back through the streets, right under Middlesex, which is right in the middle of these crimes, slip into your butcher shop. You can hide your littletreasures in the butcher shop and then wash up and go straight home. NARRATOR: An analysis of astatement given by his wife suggests his mind is in a disturbed state. PAT BROWN: His wife said, yes, I was having problems with him. He was failing in the business. He wasn't doing his job anymore, and he's wandering all over the streets all night long. I don't know where he is. NARRATOR: Before the killings, Levy had been jailed forstealing meat from his boss. It seems a minor offense, but psychiatrists think it could be another indicator. BOB PECKITT: There would be signs. Perhaps he would tell liesfor no apparent reason or cheat people out of small trifles. He might be dishonest in petty ways, stealing small sums from employers. NARRATOR: And investigations have now also discovered that JacobLevy had venereal disease. He was a married man with somechildren, but he had syphilis. NARRATOR: Jacob's death certificate confirms that he dies from syphilis, which he could have contractedon the streets of White Chapel. Syphilis takes his life in 1891, just two years after the Ripper killings. In his final medical report, heclaims to hear strange noises, and says he's compelled to do immoral deeds. Hearing noises, orvoices, urging you to act is a symptom of psychosisfrom late-stage syphilis. And syphilis could also be a reason why the fourth prostitute, Catherine Eddowes may indeed have been the Ripper's last victim. The disease would eventually rob him of the ability to carry out these well orchestrated attacks. But there is another equally credible reason why he might havestopped killing so abruptly. A fellow local Jewishtradesmen, an eyewitness, called Joseph Hyam Levy. DONALD RUMBELOW: Joseph Levywas sort of one of the three men who saw Eddowes with her murderer. He appeared very unhelpful. He said that he couldn't identify anyone. But whenever he was spoken to, he almost gave the impression that he knew a lot more than he'd actually said. PAT BROWN: It's reallyinteresting when Joseph Hyam Levy didn't really want to describe the man that could be Jack the Ripper. I believe it's because he recognized that man, and that man could have been Jacob Levy, because they're both butchers. They were working right near each other. NARRATOR: Joseph Levy's butcher's shop is only 55 meters from the suspect's. Joseph kept very quiet, but he did give the police one intriguing piece of information that now seems to point thefinger at his colleague. The one interestingthing that Joseph Levy did say about Jack the Ripper wasthat he was just three inches taller than the victim, Catherine Eddowes. Jacob Levy was five footfree, and the victim, Eddowes, was five-foot. NARRATOR: Joseph's estimateddifference of three inches is less than that given by other eyewitnesses. But they gave actual heights, which are harder to judge. His description matches Jacob. As investigators have now revealed, he also fits many of the criteria modern criminal profilerswould expect to see in Jack. PAT BROWN: My conclusion thatJacob Levy was Jack the Ripper and committed the four outsidecrimes, I'm fairly sure about. All the evidence does supportthis more than anybody else out there. NARRATOR: This new Ripper candidate has the perfect motive if he contracted syphilis from prostitutes. He also lives right in themiddle of the murder sites. He has a shop near the crimesto clean up and hide organs in. His death certificate proveshis illness is sufficiently advanced for him to be classified as clinically psychotic, and he is a Jewishtradesmen, adept with a knife and with a basic knowledge of anatomy. The evidence makes a compelling case for Jack the Ripper being the butcher of White Chapel, Jacob Levy. [music playing] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 