Mystery Files: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Mystery Files 
 s1e7 - King Arthur - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Mystery Files (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - King Arthur - full transcript 
 What were the origins of the real King Arthur? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Arthur, legendaryking of the Britons. From his castle of Camelot, Arthur and his knights in shining armor become the ultimate symbol of chivalry and honor, bringingenlightenment to the Dark Ages. The Arthurian legends are soenduring because they give us a leader who is strong, who is noble-- a leader whom we can trust. Archaeologists and historians now believe that his myth holds clues to Arthur's true identity. Piecing together evidencedating back 1,500 years, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 can Britain's most elusivehero finally be revealed? As we open the mystery files on King Arthur. The legend of King Arthur we know today was forged in an unlikely setting. Here, in Britain's most infamous prison-- the Tower of London. Written by Sir Thomas Malory, a former member of Parliament, who was awaiting trial for robbery, extortion, attempted murder, and rape. Around 1469, while the bloodyWars of the Roses rages outside, Malory completeshis great work of prose, Morte d'Arthur. It's the definitive collectionof the King's noble deeds. Dr. Tobias Capwell is anexpert on medieval history. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The Arthurianlegend is not just one story. You have to picture it asa kind of giant snowball, rolling down a hill. And it picks up all kindsof things as it accelerates down the hill through history. And many of the most famouselements that we associate with the legend of King Arthur were picked up at different times. In Malory's books, Arthur is the embodiment of a virtuous hero. He strives to create a peacefulland from his civilized court at Camelot, and surroundshimself with chivalrous knights of the Round Table. His bravest, mostcelebrated knight, Lancelot, epitomizes Arthur's ideals ofchivalry-- the code of conduct that leads towards truth and honor. Sir Lancelotis probably the most famous of all of Arthur's knights. Malory calls him, in many places, the greatest knight in the world. But this blissfulscene does not last. Arthur is betrayed. Lancelot has an affair with hisunfaithful queen, Guinevere. Disloyalty all the more devastating because of their perceived purity. His Utopian dream shattered, Arthur is double-crossed again, and coaxed into fighting his scheming nephew, Mordred. Arthur is morally wounded. Taken to the magical Isle of Avalon, Arthur now rests in eternal sleep, waiting to rise again whenthe nation needs a savior. Perhaps yearning for a virtuous world, fast disappearing whenhis country is in turmoil, it is Malory who produces the legend of Arthur in all its glory and tragedy. Mallory didn't actually invent very much new material. But what he did was he builta framework, or a structure, onto which he could fit everything together. And he built it into one continuous narrative, and tried to get all of the characters from different parts of the story, to all be in one single, ultra legend. Malory's Arthur was easily recognizable-- knights in shining armor, fighting for honor, and living by a strict code of chivalry. Key to Malory's vision is the sporting contest, when two nightsface each other in combat-- the joust. If you lookcarefully in the Malory story, all of his technical referencesto armor and mounted combat refer specifically to the equipment and practices of his owntime, of the 15th century. That experts confirmthat a King Arthur could not have lived in the 15th century. Well, we have good records, we have good histories all theway through the Middle Ages, all the way into the Renaissance-- it's quite clearly the case that Arthur was not a knight in shining armor. This iconic imageof the iron-clad knight is Malory's embellishmentof the story. It makes Arthur relevant to the 15th century. And like Malory, earlier writers add other elements to the myth that reflects the times in which they lived. Lancelot and the Knights of the Round Table are created in the 12th centuryby French romantic authors, reacting to the upheaval of the Crusades. Arthur's knights take up the Christian cause, and go in search of the cup of Christ-- the Holy Grail. Each reversion of Arthur's mythical story embraces the prevailing principles of justice and decency. The French also incorporatethe Gallic ideals of chivalry, derived fromthe French word chevalier-- meaning horsemanship. But the earliest surviving textwhich records King Arthur's righteous exploits is not imagined by Malory, or French authors. It is actually a factual account, written about another turbulentperiod in British history. It may help to uncover whothe real man might be-- and when he lived. Professor Snyder has published extensively on early British history. Arthur first appears in writing in a work calledThe History of the Britons, written in the ninth century AD, and ascribed to a monk named Nennius. When we get to Arthur, Nennius writes, "then he fought against the Saxons in those days, together with the kings of the Britons. But he was their leader in battles." And then Nennius goes on todescribe Arthur defeating the Saxons in 12 great battles, culminating in the Battle of Badon Hill. Nennius isrecalling the fifth century Anglo-Saxon invasion, and Badon Hill is the site of a well-documented conflict. The wars marked the start of the Dark Ages, when the Romans withdraw, and ancient Britain is left defenseless againsthordes of barbaric tribes coming across the sea fromwhat is modern-day Europe. And archaeological evidencefound at sites previously only connected to Arthur by folklore appear to confirm this date. In the legends, Tintagel, in Cornwall, is an important Arthurian landmark. Archaeologist, Stuart Prior, from Bristol University, has studied the discoveries made here. The real evidence is actually fairly concealed now-- it's buried. There's a whole collection, a huge assemblage of pottery. And we know this stuff essentially has come from North Africa. It's called red slipwear, and it's been imported here in massive quantities. And we can link theearly importation of that to the time frame that we've got for Arthur. The pottery found at Tintagel dates to the fifth century. It carried wine, oil, and a Roman fish delicacy called garum-- goods more likely to bevalued by a civilized society. Somebodywho's very, very powerful is importing these fantastic goods into Tintagel. Significantly, archaeologists have found the same potteryat one other fort in Britain. And it also has links to Arthur. Cadbury castle is often reputed to be the site of Camelot, thelegendary court at the heart of King Arthur's kingdom. Today, all that remains is a hill looming out of the surrounding valleys. But excavations have revealedthat 1,500 years ago, Cadbury was a major stronghold-- fit for a king. The outer wall was 4.8 meters thick, and ran for 1.2 kilometers. Inside was a wooden hall, and at its southwest corner, was a gatehouse, with a cobbledstreet running through it. The fort had the largestprotected area known in England in the fifth century. The fragments, dug up insideCadbury's assembly hall, mirrors the Roman potteryunearthed at Tintagel. It links the two sites, andsuggests that the region was populated by organized, stable communities, when a King Arthur may have lived. You've gotplaces that are mentioned in the myth actually having realgood archaeological evidence attached to them, and I guessit's no leap of imagination to link the two together. And the archaeological finds fit Nenius's time frame for King Arthur-- the fifth century. Much of the country is under attack, as the Anglo-Saxon sweepinland, destroying everything that stands in their way. It's from the Romano British population who stayed to defend the countrythat some historians have identified a man who helps unite the people in their hour of need. He is a possible candidatefor the real King Arthur-- Ambrosius Aurelianus. Historian and writer, Geoffrey Ashe, is an expert on the Arthurian legend. There is a man named Ambrosius, who appearsduring the fifth century, as a resistance leader. And Arthur, itself, is a Roman name-- it's a Welsh form of Arturius. So he is one possibility. Ambrosius's feats in battle are recorded by a monk called Gilder, in one of only a handful of documents to survive from the period. He's a ruler from highranking Roman lineage, so one who would ride into battle. Ambrosius might also help to explain one of the most enduringelements of Arthur's story-- the magical Excalibur. Hector Cole is a blacksmith, specializing in ancient weaponry. The Romansevolved the Celtic long sword, and they found that that was ideal for horseback, and was far more effective than the very short blade, which theyhad with the foot soldiers. As a mounted officer, Ambrosius would have carried one ofthese Celtic long swords. These weapons have a fearsome reputation-- they are immortalized in Wagner's opera when Siegfried slays the dragon. And the word, Excalibur, is a French translation of the Welsh, for notch and hard. Excalibur as a magical weapon was a long sword, I-- I would think. The better swords of the Roman period tended to be what we call pattern welded. Pattern weldingforges a simple blade into a magnificent and distinctive weapon. Here we go. Iron rods are firsttwisted together, and then repeatedly hammered andheated, like kneading bread to iron out impurities, and manufacture a blade of superior strength. Once it's of the right quality and shape, it's filed to remove the outer layer of carbon left by the coal furnace. Then it is polished, andrubbed with a strong acid to wipe off the final layer of impurities, and reveal the blade's distinctive pattern. I think the legend of Excalibur came film the actual patternwelding of the blade, because it is that patterningthat gives the sword its magic. Ambrosius-- a fifth century fighter, defending Britain againstthe Saxon invaders, carrying a mighty sword. These are all traits embedded in the myth. But historians haveestablished important details of King Arthur's legendAmbrosius does not share. I think wemust accept that Ambrosius is an important person, but I don't think he accounts for everything. He is not a king, he doesn't flourish over a long enough period to be Arthur. There is no clear evidenceas to how much actual leading of the Britons he did. If some historiansthink Ambrosius alone cannot account for the King Arthur of legend, then there are others who believe that, buried deep in chroniclesfrom the fifth century, there is another character who matches key elements of the myth. One candidate for an historical KingArthur is a fifth century Briton named Riothamus. The fullest account of the career of Riothamus comes from a writer named Jordanes, who wrote the history of the Goths. And it's Jordanes who describeshim as King of the Britons. Historian GeoffreyAshe has investigated the Latin name, Riothamus. When translated into ancientEnglish, it becomes Rigotamos-- Rig is the word for king, and Thomas is the superlative, highest. Rigotamos means the highest king. It's not uncommon, you know, historically. The men we all think of asGenghis Khan, for instance-- his name wasn't Genghis Khan, actually. It was Temujin. But Genghis Khan meant, the supreme leader. Further evidence that Riothamus is an influential sovereign comes from Jordanes' accounts, writtenonly 100 years after he ruled. He records how Romepetitions Riothamus for help for the battle in France. Riothamus sails to their aid with 12,000 men. He probably lands in modern day Brittany, and then heads for Burgundy. And to bring themby sea, means having a fleet. And the lead who could do this was evidently a very important person. Riothamus intends toreinforce the legions fighting another savage Germanic tribe-- the Visigoths. But what he doesn't know is thatthere's a traitor in his midst. A lieutenant called Arvandusbetrays Riothamus's position, and the enemy is waiting. The warload Euric, king of the Visigoths, has already captured largeparts of Rome's western Empire. Taken by surprise, Riothamus is overpowered. Jordanes' sixth century character tallies with portions of Arthur's life. And there is another similarity. One parallelbetween the story of Arthur and that of Riothamus is that both men were betrayed by lieutenants. Mordred, of course, betrayed Arthur. And a man named Arvandus betrayed Riothamus. 700 years later, in the French chronicle, the two deserters appear toundergo a transformation. There isa very interesting mix-up about the betrayal of Arthur. In one of the earlier accounts, the man who betrays him is called more Morvandus. The name Morvandusis a combination of Arvandus, the man who actually betrays Riothamus, and Mordred, the man who, in folklore, double-crosses Arthur. Someone who knew the story from both points of view, and ran the names together. There is one finalconnection between the mythical King Arthur and Riothamus-- the place he is taken when wounded by the treacherous Mordred, the magical Isle of Avalon. The legend says, Arthur sleeps here, ready to rise again and restoregoodness back to the land. But even this most Biblical of fables could be partly rooted in fact. Because there is anancient village of Avalon, not far from Riothamus's final battle. There is one real place called Avalon, which is in Burgundy. The last we see of Riothamus is actually going in that direction, tryingto escape from the Goths. As in the final chapter of Arthur's legendary life, Riothamus is not killed outright, but wounded. And like Arthur, he couldhave made his way to Avalon. So it is quite possible that he died in Avalon-- quite genuinely, may even be buried there. Riothamus, a supreme king, and a leader in fifth century Britain, who commands a vast army, is a loyal ally, and dies, betrayed, near Avalon. And yet, in the same time frame, evidence exists of a Roman commander, Ambrosius, who wields a mighty sword. He helps liberate Britainfrom Anglo-Saxon tyranny, and facing dark age barbarismwith civilized society. Some historians believe thatthe answer to which of these two men is the real King Arthur can be found in the first fullversion of his noble deeds ever written. The most famous historical-- or would-be historical account of Arthur is my Jeffrey of Monmouthin the 12th century, which is very-- a verywell read, and very famous. Jeffrey of Monmouth writes his book, The History of theKings of Britain, in 1134. Jeffrey describes a fifth century Arthur, King of the Britons, defeating the Saxons with a magical sword, andbringing peace to Britain, like Ambrosius. But he also fights battles in France, and dies near a place called Avalon-- like Riothamus. It is the starting point for the Arthurian myth. There are many elements in the careers of both Ambrosius Aurelianus, and Riothamus, that could have contributed to the legend of Arthur. Writers like Jeffrey of Monmouth would have taken these elements, and helped construct a career for Arthur. In Jeffrey of Monmouth's anthology, Riothamus and Ambrosius appearto have merged to become the fictional King Arthur. This mythical Arthur is, then, gradually transformed into the legendary figure who embraces loyal, and moral knights, living inthe perfect world of Camelot. Eventually, betrayed bythose he trusts the most. In times of unrest and conflict, Arthur reappears, adorned with thecharacteristics most prized by the writers of the day. The Arthurian myth will continueto be reinvented, the hero for our changing world. But his historical roots maybe finally coming to focus. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 