Mystery Files: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Mystery Files 
 s1e4 - Princes in the Tower - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Mystery Files (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Princes in the Tower - full transcript 
 Join medieval historians as they separate fact from Tudor propaganda in an attempt to solve of 500-year-old murder mystery. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 In 1483, the heirto the throne of England, 12-year-old Edward and hisyounger brother Richard, vanish inside the Tower of London. It's commonly assumed they've been murdered, an event that changesthe course of British monarchy. Their uncle Richard the third has always been singled out for the crime, killing the boys to usurp the throne. But a modern investigationinto the case now throws this longheld judgment into doubt. Exposing the motives oftwo other leading suspects 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 in an attempt to reveal who themost likely villain really is, we open "The MysteryFiles" on the royal murder. The disappearance of the two sons of Edward IV, successors to his throne, is themost infamous unsolved mystery in British royal history. Since his death three yearslater, King Richard III has been accused of their murders and vilified by themonarchs who succeeded in. Even William Shakespeare immortalizes Richard as a deformed usurperseizing the crown of England amidst an ocean of blood, including that of his nephews. But modern historianscontest that this portrayal is riddled with inaccuracies. Richard's life is, in fact, well-documented. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The loyal brother of EdwardlV, the young princes father is entrusted with theirguardianship when Edward dies. At the time, Richard is widely considered to be the best man to run the country until the boys come of age. He is not a crippled hunchback, nor is he the only man who could havethe boy's blood on his hands. Finally, allowing Richard III the hearing he never had, can he now be exonerated after 500 years of propaganda. In 1483, Richard puts theboys in the Tower of London. Historian, Professor AJ Pollard thinks the Prince's imprisonment doesnot prove Richard's guilt. Moving to the tower was not necessarily sinister, because it was where the coronationprocession started out from. It was a big royalpalace, a royal residence. It's only later, and maybe largely because of what happened to the two boys, thatwe now associate with a prison where people are executed or murdered. There's no disputingRichard wanted the crown, and his method of taking it is questionable. Sometime in June 1483, it'sannounced that the boys are illegitimate on the groundstheir father, the dead king, was betrothed to another womanbefore marrying their mother. Under Catholic law of the day, the princes are, therefore, bastards, andRichard the rightful heir. Parliament upholds the claim, and in an act known as the Titulus Regius, they legally award the crown to Richard. His critics accuse him ofengineering the proclamation. Historians argue that does not necessarily make him a murderer. Doctor Michael Jones is an expert on the mystery of the princes in the tower. OnceRichard has taken the throne, in a strictly legal sense the princes in the tower are no longer a threat tohim, because as bastards they have become irrelevant to the succession. Claims thatRichard murdered the princes are based on rumors, that while visiting his northern estates lessthan a month into his reign the boys simply vanish. But published accounts accusing Richard don't start to appear untilabout 50 years after his death. So Thomas Moore, a statesman and lawyer, formulates the charge in his book the history of Richard III. Lynda Pidgeon is an experton British royal history. She has studied Moore's chronicle in depth. Thomas Moore is creating an elaborate story that Richardwanted the princes killed. Someone says, well I knowthe person that will help. The prospective assassin is one Sir James Tyrell, Richard's loyal servant. According to Thomas Moore, Tyrell and two of his henchmen murderEdward's sons while they sleep. This is the plot Shakespeare later echos. They then remove the bodies, and they're then buried beneath the staircase. More story condemns Richard. At Eaton College Library, Dr. Julian Luxford has discovered a document which also appears to associate Richardwith the princes death. The poemsays that Richard III wasted the stores of wealth thathis predecessor Edward the fourth had built up, and that he suppressed the, ,the offspring of Edward IV. The verses date to about 1485 just after Richard'sdeath, but experts debate the interpretation of the word "opprimere," which translates as suppress. Thisword suppress, the ambiguity surrounding that is simplythe same ambiguity that exists in modern English, and that is that it can mean anything fromrather mild form of treatment to murder. And even thoughthe poem defames Richard, it falls short of accusing him of murder. Another clue in the defense of Richard III and the royal murderers comesfrom a chance discovery made inside the Tower of London. During renovations in 1674, workman find two small skeletons. Just like in a storyrecorded by Thomas Moore, they're buried beneath a staircase. Today, a plaque marks thelocation where the remains were found, but historians have questioned whether the bones are reallythose of the two royal princes. For a start, Linda Pidgeonthinks Moore's location is fundamentally flawed. Digging up a stone staircase would take a number ofworkmen a number of weeks. It's not something you would do overnight. And at the foot, you're talkingabout going into foundations as well. Crucially, there is also no conclusive proof of whomthe bones actually belong to. We are unclear of the sex of the children. We cannot date the ages asprecisely as was claimed, and really it's still open whether they are, in fact, the princes or no. If the bonesare the two young princes, it supports Moore'sallegations and implicates Richard in their deaths. But the current royal family refuses to allow any tests to be carried out. Ongoing work aims to identify the skeletons, but until links are establishedbetween the bodies and Richard III, there is little more than speculation connecting him to the princes deaths. Despite centuries of recrimination, the case against Richard is surprisingly weak. Further investigation reveals there are other possible culprits. The first man worthy of closer scrutiny is the Duke of Buckingham, an intimate friend of Richard's and part of the kings inner circle. Suspicion of Buckingham's guilt comes from a more contemporary source than the writings of Shakespeare or Thomas Moore. Peter O'Donoghue is thecustodian of some of England's most precious manuscripts. What I've gothere is an annals written by we think a London merchant, aLondon citizen, year-by-year, an entry made each year. Under 1482 to 3, which it saysthis year King Edward IV's sons were put to death in the Tower of London by the vice of the Duke of Buckingham. This document isone of the few surviving accounts of what apparently happens the year the princes disappear. It clearly blames Buckingham. This is the earliest account we have of what London citizens are saying. When Richard succeeds the throne, Buckingham grabs his coat tailsand becomes the second most powerful man in the country. He is one of the very few peoplewith access to the princes. Bert Fields is a lawyer andhistorian who has investigated all the suspects in the case. Duke of Buckingham, who was the first peer of the land was a unstable mean kind of guy, very selfish. I believe that he resentedRichard and resented Richard being the King, becauseBuckingham had a good claim to the throne himself. Buckingham isdescended from Edward III. He has a claim to the throne although not as directly as Richard. Thereis something very erratic about his behavior, and he couldjust be an unstable character. He could, however, have a game plan, and that might even involvewanting to claim this throne himself. As Richard's right hand man, Buckingham is always at his side. But when Richard first visits Oxford soon after his coronation, Buckingham is not listed as a member of the royal party. If Buckingham had stayed inLondon, getting to the princes would be easy. With the boys out of the way, Buckingham is a huge step closer to the throne, especially if he now implicates Richard. The theory of Buckingham's guilt would be he kills the princes, blames it on Richard to destroy Richard for being a murderer. I think that's a very realisticpossibility given Buckingham's neurotic, unstable character. If Buckingham did kill the princes, Richard is almost certainto have confronted him. The two men hold a meeting. What is said is a mystery, but soon afterwards Buckingham makes his move. He betrays the King. I suspect that he was planning to take the throne himself. For Buckingham to depose Richard, he needs support. He turns to the man experts believe is the other possible suspect in the murder of the princes in the tower, Henry Tudor, later to become King Henry VII. Henry had a very, very thin claim to the throne, really was no claim at all that I can see. Henry descendsfrom a female line that had been barred from succession. So he has thisvery, very claim, but he's got a lot of power. Henry belongs to one of the most influential families in Englandand can raise an army quickly. His own desire for the crown is the reason he backs Buckingham's rebellion. The uprising fails. Richard orders Buckingham executed. Henry escapes to fight another day. And two years later, he challenges and defeats Richard in an epic encounter. The battle of Bosworth field iswon by politics, not bravery. Once again, Richard is double-crossed. His ally, the Earl of Northumberland turns traitor pulling his men away and leaving Richard outnumbered. Henry claims the opposition to Richard is because he murdered the young princes. The people's reaction when the King falls suggests many of his subjectsdon't believe Henry's story. Richard was beloved particularly in the northern part of England. Northumberland hadbetrayed him in the battle, and when Northumberland went back to his estates in the north, he was murderedby the people who really felt that this was something they could live with, the fact thathe had betrayed their hero. With Richarddead, Henry grabs the throne and becomes King Henry VII, first of the Judah monarchs. He had already boasted his royal pedigree by promising to marry the Prince's sister, but Ironically by making herhis queen Henry re-affirms the boys right to the crown byrevoking their illegitimacy. If they're illegitimate, his wife is illegitimate, andif his wife is illegitimate, he really isn't really the King. So what recourse does he have if they're alive? He has to kill them. Now the victoriousKing Henry has complete control of the Tower of London. His men would have no problemeliminating two teenage boys. Ruthless, Henry imprisons and kills people throughout his reign, including the princes 10-year-old cousinand members of his own family. And once he's ensured thefuture of the Tudor dynasty, he starts to rewrite itshistory by destroying documents. Now the first thing that happens is that the Titulus Regius is suppressed. The Titulus Regiusis the parliamentary act, which details the two youngprinces illegitimacy and so established Richard's right to the crown. Politically, he had to get rid of this annoyingdocument, because it defamed, it slandered his would be queen. Destroying the Titulus Regius, Henry not only clears his wife's name, but relegates Richard to usurp her and inadvertently createsthe perfect scapegoat for the Prince's murder. It createsan effect, which is magnified over time that Richard Ilihad no grounds whatsoever for claiming the throne ofEngland, and that, of course, of distortion that grows. Future Tudor monarchs continue the anti-Richard campaign, andin the reign of Elizabeth I, Henry's granddaughter, Shakespeare slanders him as a child murdering hunchback. But historians now arguethe portrayal of Richard III as an evil monster is a gross misrepresentation. Richard is being deformed in both characterand also physical appearance. And, of course, one issupposed to mirror the other. The fact that theentire line of Tudor monarchs maligns Richard is reasonenough to question the long held view that he is the murderer. Despite Tudor claims, there is no proof that Richard had the boys killed. From the evidence, Henry and Buckingham seem as open to suspicion. Henry Tudor has the most to loseif the princes remain alive. Without the Titulus Regius, they are no longer illegitimate, so England belongs to them. The Duke of Buckingham is untrustworthy and has his own designs on the crown. With so little concrete proof, no one can be positively identified, but there is another possible scenariowhich completely clears Richard's name and positions himnot as the Prince's murderer, but as their protector. A very good casecan be made for Richard having sent the princes probably separately to different countries in Europe. The easiest way for Richard to keep the boys safe without giving up the throne is to get them outof the country and into hiding. He probably came up with some story to keep them from saying who they were, because if they said who they were they would likely be killed. And Richard may also have deliberately split them apartas a way to keep them silent. So possibly they were told each, well, your brother'sbeen murdered so be quite. After Richard'sdeath two uprisings occur led by people claiming tobe the princes back from exile. The first is known as theLambert Simnel Rebellion. Rumors surface that the princes have returned. By the time Henry crushes the revolt, there is no sign of either of the boys. But a second invasion eight years later rocks the Tudor monarchy to its core. Around 1490,we have someone turning up at the court of Burgundy who now claims to be the younger of theprinces in the tower, Richard Duke of York. Henry denounces thisman as a commoner called Perkin Warbeck, not Prince Richard. Many don't believe in. Thispretender if he is a pretender, and this series of plots anduprisings is the real deal. Perkin Warbeck, whoever he is, attracts a stellar cast ofsupporters, Richard III's Sister Margaret, Charles Vlilof France, the King of Scotland, and the Holy Roman Emperorall rally around him. And then there is the at home support, most worrying for Henry the VII, his own Chamberlain, Sir William Stanley. Stanley is overheard remarking that if Warbeck is Prince Richard, he would Ally with him. Those words enough to get Sir William Stanley on the block. That's dangerously close to home. Warbeck causecreates huge problems for him, but in 1497 as he's mountingan invasion into Cornwall on England's south coast, he's captured and taken to the tower. Eventually, he confesses thathe isn't one of the princes. There are somany holes in the confession that it's almost like he was sending a message I am not reallyPerkin Warbeck the name that they gave him. And I think he's saying, I'm the younger prince. What is certainis that Henry tortures and executes his prisoner. And with his death, the invasions stop. I think wehave to take seriously the fact that Perkin Warbeck may indeedbe who he said he was, that is the younger of the two princes in the tower, Richard Duke of York, rightfulclaimant to the throne, and therefore, King Richard IV of England. Many people have beenaccused of the royal murder of the princes. The much maligned Richard Ilihas been proclaimed guilty without trial, but HenryTudor and the treacherous Duke of Buckingham are just aslikely to be responsible. Unless new evidence comes to light, there is no way of knowingwho murdered the boys. But if, as some expertsbelieve, the prince has escaped and Perkin Warbeck, the young Richard, returns to claim his crown, it is Henry Tudor who kills him after all. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 