Mystery Files: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Mystery Files 
 s1e6 - Billy the Kid - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Mystery Files (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Billy the Kid - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 It's the late 1870s one of the most infamous outlawsof the American wild west is Billy the Kid. A teenage killer who terrorizes New Mexico. His life of crime comes to an end when gunned down by his onetime friend, lawman Pat Garrett. This is the legend of the Kid. But closer analysis and new forensic evidence reveals his story is very different. Somehow or other, this happened to this real person, and made him 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 into this absolutely unreal person. So who is thereal boy behind the legend? We open the "Mystery Files" on Billy the Kid. New Mexico in southwesternAmerica, it's the old frontier. And the tales of outlaw Billy the Kid portray him as one of itsmost ruthless characters. Bob Boze Bell, aficionadoin all things Wild West. Popular legend said he'd killed 21 men. One for every year of his life. You know, he robbed banks. He robbed trains. He appeared on wanted posters. You know-- wanted, Billy the Kid, dead or alive. He stood in the street, andhe dared people to draw. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Of course, that's not what happened, actually. You know, in fact, his real name wasn't Billy. His real name was Henry McCarty. Henry McCarty and Henry Antrim are his family names. William, or Billy Bonney, and the kid, are the aliases he now uses. Curator Elise Gomber has found that his names are not the only area of confusion. Billy the Kid only killed four people that we know of for sure. There seem to be two divergent myths. In one, he's a romantic hero, a dashing outlaw. And in the other direction, he's a cold blooded killer and a ruthless murderer. In reality, muchof his life is a mystery. Frederick Nolan is the world'sleading expert on the Kid. We don't know where he was born. We don't know who his father was. We don't know where he spentthe first 12 years of his life. But he becomesvisible in the historical record when he was arrested for stealing some clothing off a laundryline, aged about 15, in 1875. We do know, then, that he got into trouble. And that made him a drifter. And that's how he went to Lincoln County. But he's still nobody. He's just some kid on a horse with a gun who will fight for money. The kid gets caughtup in a bloody conflict in Lincoln, New Mexico. He is ultimately branded an outlaw and murderer and is sentenced to death. But the events leading up to his conviction are far from straightforward. And the conflict is notabout am I right or am I wrong, or am I good or am I bad. The conflict is about money. The Kid's actions in the war all stem from meeting one person, Englishman John Tunstall. Tunstall runs a store and a cattle ranch. He gives Billy a job in the winter of 1877. But there is a rival store in town. It belongs to the very successful partnership of Lawrence Murphy and Jimmy Dolan. They'd had a monopoly for a decade. And pretty much everybody inthe county was indebted to them. Lincoln County is on the very frontier of the new world. The stakes are high. If a trader could monopolize the business, their wealth and power would grow as the region became more established. Lincoln County War expert, Drew Gomber. When John Tunstall arrived in Lincoln he went into competition withthe firm of Murphy and Dolan. He was the first real competition that they had ever seen. And they were not happy about this. In the 1870s, therules of the American frontier are dramatically different toTunstall's English etiquette. Lincoln County itself wasabout the same size as Ireland, and it had one Sheriff. And the one andonly Sheriff does not have Tunstall's interests at heart. Murphy and Dolan, more orless, controlled Sheriff Brady. Influenced by Dolan, Sheriff Brady raises a posse to arrest and remove Tunstall as a commercial threat. And, of course, the Englishman, coming from a civilizedVictorian society, probably never really dreamed that they would actually take steps to kill him. They'd try to frightenhim, but not kill, surely. I mean, after all, it's only shopping. On the 18th of February, 1878, the posse guns John Tunstall down. It is the circumstances of Tunstall's killing that results in the Kidbecoming caught up in outlawry. To find out why, DrewGomber investigates the site where Tunstall was gunned down. Tunstall was coming from his ranch. He was coming down this way, and the killers were coming from the direction I just came. According to the Murphy-Dolan faction, Tunstall drew his own weaponand tried to resist arrest. In the laws of the frontier, this justifies the posse shooting him. But Gomber disagrees with theposse's version of events. We know better than this. This is certainly not what happened. It would not have been inkeeping with Tunstall himself. In my opinion, John Tunstall's death was a clear-cut case of murder. In Lincoln County, this is a new phenomenon. There were random killings allthe time in places like this, but there had been no murder-- where a man had been killed, quite clearly, who wasn't in a gunfight. The whole community felt, very strongly, that something had to be done. With the Sheriffloyal to the other side, Tunstall's man take mattersinto their own hands. The Kid joins them, notas a ruthless gunslinger, but a young man of around 18 seeking vengeance for his employer's death. It's a pretty tough country to survive in, let alone make a living in. This kid just said, this guy the only person who ever treated me like a human being, so I'm gonna be on his side. The gang becomes the Regulators. Their purpose, to regulatejustice on their bosses killers. And so the Lincoln County War kicks off. It runs from February to July, 1878. And it is the setting for the Kid's rise to fame, and his downfall. Modern investigation shows his actions are very different in reality to his legend. The Kid does not lead the Regulations. The Kid was just one of the guys. You have to remember this. He's just a kid. He's a smart kid, and he'svery good at staying alive. But he's not famous. Not at all. Not the slightest bit famous. Though not the leader, he has also no hanger-on. What's amazing about this story is Billy the Kid washanging out with some very rough characters, and hewas able to hold his own. But the Regulatorsare not outlaws at the start of the war. Given the circumstances of Tunstall's murder, they are given legal status and arrest warrants for his killers. You know, you have a dulyauthorized sheriffs posse that kills Tunstall, and thenthe men that go after them are duly authorized constables. So you've got, basically, two groups of lawmen fighting against each other. So how do you make an arrest? With legality on both sides, the conflict quickly deteriorates. It was just a worst case scenario. Couldn't have been worse. Despite enduringimages from Western movies of gun fight showdowns in the streets, the reality of a frontier waris dramatically different. There were no face offs in the street like we see in Hollywood. It was all about ambushes. Much like in a real war. Kind of like a guerrilla war, actually. The West is a fargrittier, more ruthless place. It is extremely brutal. And you were a fool if youlet somebody else shoot first. That's the real world. One ambush would markthe most significant turning point in the Kid's life. It is his part in the killing of Sheriff Brady nearly two months after Tunstall's death. Drew Gomber pieces together the actions of the Regulators and the Kid. They spent the night in the Tunstall's store. The next morning, they werein there having breakfast when one of them looked out the window and saw Sheriff Brady and four of his deputies marching down the street. Somebody had the less thanbrilliant idea of, hey, let's go shoot the Sheriff. And they all rushed out back in high spirits. The Regulators had arrayedthemselves behind a gate that was about in here. And by the time they gotthere, Sheriff Brady his men were almost down to where the church is. The Regulators opened fire in what has got to be the dumbest ambushof the Lincoln County War. Of the four deputies withSheriff Brady, two of them weren't even hit. Brady, however, went downwith somewhere between 9 and 16 bullets in his body. He was dead when he hit the ground. The Regulators have gone way beyond their original remit of arresting the men who killed Tunstall. Prior to it, public sympathywas really with the Regulators. But you just don't kill the sheriff. It doesn't make any differencewhat the circumstances are, no matter how justified they thought they were. It's just not done. And after the Brady killing, their popularity plummeted. Their legal status is revoked, and the war escalates into afinal bloody shootout where the Regulators are surrounded and trapped in a burning house in Lincoln. The five day battle was probably the worst, and the most dramatic, of all the skirmishes that took place. It is during this battle the Kid takes his first step tobecoming the outlaw of legend. Things were getting desperate. And it was at that point that the Kid took command for the first time. The Kid gathers a diversion party to draw gun fire. Enabling the others to try and escape. Anybody ever tells you Billy was a coward, doesn't know what they're talking about. Because he and his four volunteers came out the back door of the McSween house into a hailstorm of bullets. Experienced army officerswho were present that night estimated there were 2000 roundsexpended that night alone. But the gunfire was so heavy, they wound up cutting down the Hillside, splashing across the river, and hiding in the trees on the other side. The Kid survives. But many of his comrades are dead. The war is effectively over. As outlaws and branded killers, the remaining Regulators scatter. The Kid is on the run. Despite the romanticimage of Billy the Outlaw, he does not seem to want this life. He tries to redeem himself. To try to get back, as itwere, as a law abiding citizen. I think Billy wanted to go straight. A chance presents itself when a new government is appointed a few months after the end of the war. New governor, Lew Wallace, has just declared an amnesty foranybody that did anything in the Lincoln County War. Investigations of evidence from a series of oldletters, replicated here, reveal a secret deal made with Lew Wallace. A deal that meant the Kid should have received a pardon for his crimes. You've got a kid writing aletter to the governor of New Mexico saying, dear Sir, I have heard that you will give $1,000 for my body. If I come and talk to you, I think I can persuade you that I can be of use to you if you will help me. Far from beingNew Mexico's Most Wanted, the Kid is only 14th on Wallace's hit list. Wallace needs to clean up New Mexico, so he accepts the offer of helpfrom this small time outlaw. And Wallace said, or is reputed to have said, if you do what you promise Iwill set you free with a pardon in your pocket. The deal is done. The Kid submits to the court, and testifies as a witness against the Murphy-Dolan gang. But it does not go according to the plan. Wallace has underestimatedthe politics of New Mexico. I don't think he really knewthe limits, or the extent, of his power. He told a district attorneynot to prosecute Billy the Kid, and the district attorneysaid, you can't tell me that. You're not part of the judicial system. The pardon never appears. The Kid is tried and convictedfor the murder of Sheriff Brady and sentenced to death by hanging. The increasing desperationon the part of the Kid is understandable. These letters reminding Wallace of their deal reveal even more of the Kid's mystery. The interesting thing about the letter is the letter itself, in fact. Because this is not theletter of an illiterate lout. It's, actually, beautifully handwritten for the time and the place, and it's grammatically correct. He is, as someone calledhim, the eloquent outlaw. But he puts his case very well. For-- what is he? For heaven's sake, he's 19? Most people of 19 on thefrontier were just farm boys. This is a relatively well educated person. But his eloquencefails to win Wallace over. Wallace took no notice whatsoever of the letters that followed. He just simply washed his hands of it. The kid's sense ofinjustice at his abandonment is then heightened. No criminal charge ever sticks against anyone else in the gang conflict. On the Murphy-Dolan side, or in the Regulators. The Kid is the only one. I think Billy was the only person convicted after the Lincoln County War partly because Billy was the onlyperson who stayed in the area. He thought it was hard that he was the only one that should sufferfor that, which I agree with. However, he was guilty in the sense that he was part of the ones that were shooting. Whether justified or not, the kid is faced with hanging. I think after Billyrealized that Wallace was never going to keep his part of the bargain he was in a tight spot. And it was either get out or hang. The Kid's escape in April, 1881, around two years afterhis initial deal with Wallace, marks his first great step into celebrity. Well, what he did was against all odds. He cheated the hangman. Killed his two captors, and escaped. And that ended up in the New York Times. And that was world news. And that's the moment thatthe Billy the Kid that we know was born. This bid forfreedom lies at the heart of the Kid's legend. And much of its myth comes from the account written by one of Brady'ssuccessors, Sheriff Pat Garrett. Pat Garrett was aformer Buffalo hunter who had come up here from Texas. Garret'srelationship with the Kid has been subject to much debate. There's a persistent myth about Pat Garrett that Pat and Billy were very good friends. They probably knew each other, but I don't think they were very close. Even though hewas not present at the time of the escape, Garrett's written account became the accepted version of events. It says the Kid is taken to the outhouse, and breaks free on the way back. He runs ahead of his jailer, James Bell. Gets up the stairs and into thearmory, where he finds a gun. Bell has reached the bottom of the stairs, and Billy shoots him down. Bell makes it outside and dies. Garrett claims the kiddispatches his other jailer, Bob Olinger, with a shotgun. And then, holds the whole of Lincoln in terror as he makes his getaway. It is an extraordinary tale. And one that establishes his legend as a ruthless killer who gunned down two deputies in a clear cut case of murder. But there is evidence to suggest that Garrett's account may be wrong. I think Pat is absolutely twisting the myth to make Billy moreruthless than he actually was. Based on forensic analysis and the very courthouse where the Kid was held, Steve Sederwall, former federal agent, believes that Bell's death is not a murder, and Garrett is lying. In Pat Garrett's account ofthe escape of Billy the Kid and the killing of Bell, he has Bell at the bottom of the steps. Sederwall, however, has discovered evidence that challenges this account. Building on informationfrom contemporary reports, he investigates further, using a forensic chemical called luminol. It glows blue on contractwith certain substances. One of these is blood. It may even be able to detect dried blood that is over 100 years old. In the courthouse, these forensic tests found a positive result upstairs. And Sederwall believes this is blood. With this new evidence, he thinks Bell was not shot at the bottomof the stairs but at the top. The Kid turned with a gunand he pulled the hammer back, and he points the gun at Bell. Bell is a few steps down. He lunges forward. He lunged. He grabbed the gun like this, which put it in line with his body. The Kid, it startles him. He steps back and he falls, andwhen the Kid falls his muscles tighten up-- the gun went off. Shot Bell right to left. What happened after that was Bell and the Kid are fighting over the gun. Bell's got hold of it. He's got a hold of the cylinder. He can't cock it. They're fighting over this gun. Two kids, fighting face to face. The Kid then his Bell overthe head with his handcuffs. Hits him twice. Head wound, he's shot, he's bleeding out all over the floor right here. Sederwall believesBell is killed in self-defense. And he's not the only one who thinks so. I think Billy and Bell struggled. I think Billy had to kill Bell because Bell would have killed Billy. And I think Billy was tryingto escape with his life. I mean, he was facing a hanging, and I'd have done exactly the same thing. The Kid even expresses regret almost immediately afterwards. And Billy said he felt bad about that. He said it was a case of had to, not want to. However, the death ofthe other jailer, Bob Olinger, is not quite so easily justified. Kid runs to Garrett'soffice, picks up the shotgun. He then runs to this window, which is open. He had to have both the hammers back when he stuck it out the window. Olinger has been overat the Wortley Hotel nearby. But when he hears thegunshot that strikes Bell, he runs back to the courthouse. He looks up, sees the Kid just as he's shoving the shotgun out the window. The Kid shot him, killed him. I think Olinger would havekilled Billy, absolutely, if he had the opportunity. And I think it was anabsolutely necessary killing So, Garrett's account of the murders appears to be flawed. The Kid's actions are morethose of a desperate man than premeditated. But still, those of a killer. The Kid's escape from townonly adds to the mystery. When Billy escaped fromthe courthouse in Lincoln, no one lifted a finger to stop him. Pat said it was because the town was held in terror of Billy the Kid, and I just don't think that's true. And I think that's becausehe had so many friends. He spends an hourtrying to get on a horse. And he says goodbye to everybody, and is just kind of looking at him. And-- he spends an hour! That's truly amazing! This apparent popularity, coupled with his last ditchescape, creates a legend-- that of Billy the Kid. The drama was suchthat the local newspapers were full of it, of course. All of surrounding territorial newspapers which, in turn, were pickedup by the National newspapers. So, suddenly, thisnobody became a somebody. And contemporarycomic books-- dime novels-- also seized on his legend. The dime novelists took him over, and wrote the most fantasticadventure stories about him. And, suddenly, Billy the Kidbecame an entity in itself. It was almost like a brand. Billy the Kid becomes big business. But the fact remains that the Kid is a legally convicted murderer. His death, by one methodor another, is inevitable. In Fort Sumner, around 200 kilometers northeast of Lincoln, PatGarrett hunts the kid down. Exactly 11 weeks after his escape from jail. The Kid's death does notstop his myth from growing. If anything, dying young helps to perpetuate Billy's legendary status. Somehow or other, thishappened to this real person, and made him into thisabsolutely unreal person. Modern investigationconfirms the true history of the Kid as a young man with a gun caught up in a gang war reactingto the events around him. It just didn't work out for him in the end. Mostly because of the choices he made, and those choices were made bya man who was just barely a man. He really was a kid. Billy the Kid, a killer, of that, there is no doubt. But not the Wild West's Most Wanted. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 