Mystery Files: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Mystery Files 
 s1e1 - Nostradamus - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Mystery Files (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Nostradamus - full transcript 
 Join historical investigators as they dissect one of history's most controversial astrological books...and its author. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 NARRATOR: Mystic, prophet, seer of the future. Nostradamus. Arguably the world's most famous astrologer. He is credited with forecasting some of the most dramatic and shocking events of the last 450 years. It's extraordinary how people want Nostradamus to have been right. NARRATOR: Did this French prophet really see these major disasters? It's time for historians and astrologers 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 to examine Nostradamus's calculations and attempt to decode his prophecies, as we open the mystery files on Nostradamus. [theme music] NARRATOR: The beginning of a new millennium, and the September 11th catastrophe, reputedly predicted over 450 years ago. PETER LEMESURIER[VOICEOVER]: Latitude 45, the sky shall burn. To great new city shall the fire draw an eye. With vehemence, the flames shall spread and churn, when with theNormans they conclusions try. NARRATOR: Desperately seeking ways to make sense of this terrible act, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 it takes just a few days for people to connect the words of 16thcentury astrologer Nostradamus with the tragedy on 9/11, 2001. Historian lan Wilson haspieced together the story of Nostradamus's life and work. What amazed me was how quicksomething like England's "Daily Mail" was in associating Nostradamus with having predicted the event. NARRATOR: The twin towersattack is a recent example of the writings of Michel Nostradamus being linked to modern events. This prolific astrologer drew up thousands of, predictions but his fame has endured because of this single book, "Les Propheties." Within it are 942 strange predictions, which, since that publication in 1555, have been attributed to many ofhistory's major turning points. IAN WILSON: In the case of World War II, his references to Hister were regarded as being references to Hitler. You can go back, andNapoleon has been considered, the Great Fire of London has been considered. NARRATOR: Over the last four centuries, many people have believedthat Nostradamus had foreseen such conflicts as the French Revolution, and the great wars of the 20th century, and even details like the assassination of American President John F Kennedy, and finally, a great apocalypse. But the true meaning of his prophecies remains elusive, almost asmuch as his own life story. Modern day experts are nowpiecing together the facts and uncovering the secrets of Nostradamus's prophetic talents. He Is born in 1503 in asmall rural village, St. Remy de Provence in southern France. He does not start his working life as an astrologer, but as an apothecary, traveling the countryside, peddling his cures. It is only in his late 40s that he turns to a career in astrology. No one knows exactly whyNostradamus starts foretelling the future, but the skills for this new work would have been gainedduring his days as a student. In the 16th century, astrology is considered a precise science, with carefulcalculations required to reach the correct predictions. Such techniques need to be learned. Evidence of Nostradamus's training comes from a nearby universityof historic Montpellier. This enrollment document reveals that one, Michel de Nostradam, from Remy, signs up as a medical student in 1529. At this time, medicine and astrology are intrinsically linked. IAN WILSON: It was beforeastronomical instruments had taken an understanding of the planets to a completely new and different dimension. So people really did stillthink that, you know, Mars or Venus might be influencing their everyday actions. Monica Azzzolini is anexpert in Renaissance science and astrology. Astrology was fundamentalfor astronomy, but even more so for medicine at the time. All continental universities would have had a professorteaching astrology as part of the medical curriculum. NARRATOR: During his studies, 26-year-old Nostradamus would have to learn about anatomical maps called zodiac men, and how to compare them with astrological charts in order to calculate his medical treatments. There is the practice ofcasting a chart at the moment the patient falls sick, and using this chart would help the physicianprovide a diagnosis, and also a prognosis. NARRATOR: They believe thatthe workings of the body are influenced by the positionsof the sun, moon, and planets. MONICA AZZOLINI: The humanbody in the Renaissance is understood in a completelydifferent way from the way we understand it today. NARRATOR: The moon, for example, is thought to affect the flow of blood around the body, like the tides in the oceans. It is a foolhardy physician who operates on a part of the anatomy overwhich the moon is aligned. It is believed that the patientwill likely bleed to death. At Montpellier, Nostradamus would have received some of thebest astrological training in France. But nearly two decadeslater, now living in Salon de Provence, he appears to be using these skills for a different purpose, thatof foretelling the future. Peter Lemesurier has spent more than 10 years analyzing in depthNostradamus's prophecies. We know he wrote at least 7,280 predictions, and most of those are in his almanacs. NARRATOR: The majority ofNostradamus's predictions come not from the prophecies book, but from almanacs, booklets of predictions for the year, which he publishes from 1550 until his death in 1566. PETER LEMESURIER: During his lifetime, Nostradamus was writing annualalmanacs, sometimes two a year, sometimes three, that were sold on the streets at the annual fairs.. IAN WILSON: It was quite awidespread industry for people to buy cheap predictions, along with basically what was their sort of calendar for the year. NARRATOR: These almanacs aredesigned for a mass market. PETER LEMESURIER: One has tobear in mind that Nostradamus is writing only about a centuryafter the invention of printing with movable type. It was, if you like, the IT of the day, a new technology, and Nostradamus made full use of it. NARRATOR: To supplement his income, Nostradamus also draws uphoroscopes for private clients, predicting the highs andlows of their personal lives. MONICA AZZOLINI: Astrology in the early part of the Renaissance is verymuch an elite discipline, but increasingly becomes more common to have one's horoscope cast. IAN WILSON: He had clientsfrom every walk of life. He became a very wealthy man. He was onto a very nice little earner when it comes down to it. NARRATOR: These almanacs and horoscopes are not only important as a source of income, they make Nostradamus famous. IAN WILSON: There can be no doubt that Nostradamus in his own lifetime achieved a huge reputation, not only with his own country of France, but overseas. NARRATOR: This shows the high level of belief in his powers of prediction. In the 16th century, peopleare trying to understand the world around them. Everybody assumed that the end of the world was nigh, because disease, andfamine, and death, and war, they were all over Europe. The prevailing sentimentin the Renaissance was a mix of fear and belief. So the only thing that couldsave you from fear was belief. NARRATOR: Nostradamus notonly recognizes this need, but takes full advantage of it. In time, he becomes known bythe highest powers in France. IAN WILSON: He put in a oneor two intriguing predictions. He says well, the King needsto watch for it this year. And that, of course, is what caused him to be called to the royal court. NARRATOR: Having enteredthe circles of high society, he becomes a favorite of many royals, including Catherine de Medici, Queen of France, and her husband, King Henry II. IAN WILSON: King Henry II of France consulted Nostradamus's almanac each day. NARRATOR: Nostradamus'shigh level of credibility becomes clear when, in 1559, Henry dies in a freak joustingaccident after a splinter goes into his eye. IAN WILSON: Then the countrydisintegrated into chaos, and that is just the kind of meat and drink to people who are prophetsof doom, like Nostradamus. NARRATOR: Though Nostradamusdoes not predict the details of the event, popular belief in his skills is so great that Henry'swidow, Catherine de Medici, turns to him for reassurance of a happier future. Such is her confidence in his abilities, she even comes here to a chateau in his hometown to see the prophet. And Catherine is notNostradamus's only royal fan. IAN WILSON: Crowned heads consulted him, because if a prince was bornthey wanted to know what future that young prince might have. And then ordinary people consulted him. People want to know how long they would live, whether they would inherit a fortune. NARRATOR: When PrinceRudolph becomes next in line to rule the vast Holy RomanEmpire, which covers most of central Europe, it isNostradamus who is called to draw up his horoscope. However, the story becomes more complex. There are others who, duringNostradamus's lifetime, fundamentally question his talent. Nostradamus is not the only astrologer in 16th century France. There is some serious competition in the prophetic market. IAN WILSON: One diarist speaks of Paris, which had a population of about 200,000, that there were 30,000people practicing astrology. Now I don't believe that figure, but I think that does give you an indication that astrologers were a strong profession at that time. NARRATOR: His astrological rivals are far more critical of Nostradamus than his royal patrons. As the archives of theBibliotheque Nationale in Paris reveal. MAN 1 [VOICEOVER]: You showyourself to be so ignorant that it is impossible to find anyone to whom you are second in ignorance. MAN 2 [VOICEOVER]: It is certain you have no idea how to calculateby the sky, nor by any table. MAN 3 [VOICEOVER]: Don't yousee how much the language of this vile driveler is inane? How can you support this man who mocks you with his self-confidence. IAN WILSON: He certainlyattracted some vicious comments from fellow astrologists. NARRATOR: They accuseNostradamus of bad practice in drawing up his predictions. There is one obvious root cause of this criticism. IAN WILSON: You can attributethis to a lot of jealousy. These people resented Nostradamus's fame. They would try and criticizehim any way they could. NARRATOR: But there is alsosome historical evidence to suggest their complaintscould have foundation. Historians have discoveredthat Nostradamus may not have completed his earliermedical and astrological training at Montpellier University. IAN WILSON: There is preserveda record of Nostradamus's registration as a medicalstudent, followed almost immediately by a striking out. NARRATOR: This second registration document appears to show that Nostradamusis expelled from the school. His name is struck off the student list with a note in the margin, citing his earlier profession as an apothecary, or quack, as the reason. At the time, apothecaries, deemed a lesser profession, are often barred from becoming physicians. There is also further evidence to indicate he leaves his course early. IAN WILSON: In 1533, Nostradamusis recorded as a physician in Agen and that shows hecertainly wasn't continuing his work at Montpellier. NARRATOR: The medical degreetakes nine years to complete. But Nostradamus is already apracticing physician in Agen, over 270 kilometers tothe west, just four years after he starts his education. IAN WILSON: It seemsunlikely that he finishes his course at Montpellier. I think his astrological training was something he picked up along the way. NARRATOR: Nostradamus's critics could have a basis for their claimsthat his prophecies are flawed. The search for evidence of mistakes, experts have analyzed his prophetic work. Few of his horoscopes have survived, but the details of one that has, as transcribed in a contemporary diary, can be compared against historical fact. In the horoscope of one Antoine Sufraine, written when he was young. Nostradamus says he wouldbecome bearded, brown teethed, and bent backed. He would quarrel with hisbrothers and live until 75. In reality, Antoine turns outclean shaven, with good teeth, and straight backed, has no family squabbles, and dies at 54. IAN WILSON: Nostradamus made a whole series of fundamental errors in that instance. This is the interesting thing. When he was specific, hecould be wildly inaccurate. NARRATOR: However, experts think Nostradamus has a get out clause. MONICA AZZOLINI: Astrologyin the Renaissance is believed to be a predictive science, is a conjectural science, andtherefore it can be precise, but you leave room for free will. So astrologers are remarkablyskillful in leaving enough room for maneuver andenough space for other things to happen. NARRATOR: Sufraine's horoscope is drawn up when he is a child, leaving plenty of room for his own free will to kick in as an adult. The loophole with horoscopesmay explain, even justify the errors in prediction. The only way to get tothe heart of Nostradamus's astrological skills is to examine the birth charts on whichhis horoscopes are based. Modern day astrologer Paul Wade sets out to test Nostradamus's methodology, and as he explains, thisis not an area for debate. PAUL WADE: When you'redrawing up a birth chart, your calculations are either correct or they're not. Prophecies, they're open to a certain amount of interpretation, conjecture, perhaps. But calculations are eitherright or they're not. NARRATOR: Wade is looking atsome of Nostradamus's birth charts, which are used byastrologers as the basis for a person's horoscope. The chart is a symbolic view of the heavens and the precise time and exact location at birth. A snapshot of the sky. He has drafted his own shots to compare against Nostradamus's work. I have taken his birth data as Nostradamus had it on the chart, usinglargely the same conventions he would have used, prettymuch from the point of view of just checking his maths. NARRATOR: The chart is made up of distinct elements. The first are the 12constellations, or signs, which sit in a narrow band called a zodiac. Within this, the planets, sun, and moon travel, moving in and out of the various signs. Astrologers then subdivide the chart into 12 sections of aperson's life, called houses. The chart shows the exact position of the planets within the signs and houses atthe moment of a person's birth. These calculations are the basisfor the astrologer's horoscope. If any were wrong, the resultinghoroscope or interpretation would also be incorrect. Wade has examined two birthcharts, that of Johannes Rosenberger and Prince Rudolph. PAUL WADE: I didn't agree 100%on any of his calculations, but the majority werewithin a couple of degrees. Some errors, I think you'd be nitpicking to come down on a guy 500 years ago for that. NARRATOR: But there appears tobe one mistake in the Rudolph chart which is significant. The moon was actuallyplaced in the wrong sign. NARRATOR: Wade has calculatedthat the moon should have been in the sign of cancer atthe time of Rudolph's birth, whereas Nostradamus had placed it in Gemini. PAUL WADE: The moon is one ofthe most important astrological features. Somebody with the moon in Gemini needs to talk, leads a social life. Someone with the moon inCancer needs a home and family. It's a completelydifferent interpretation. So that was a big errorin terms of calculations. NARRATOR: Wade has alsofound some serious mistakes in the layout of the charts. Some of the planets andother astrological features are placed in the wrong houses. It appears that I need two of them are actually plotted in the correct houses. So that is pretty appalling. If you've got eight out of the 10 chart features in the wrong house, it throwsyour astrological technique into serious doubts. NARRATOR: These inaccuraciesare exactly what enrages Nostradamus's contemporaries. If you are interpretingcompletely the wrong placings, then by definition, yourinterpretations will be flawed. NARRATOR: If Nostradamus's astrological skills are unsound, the predictionsin his well-known book "Les Propheties" are thereforealso called into question, because he claims in its introduction that these prophecies are drawn up through astrologicalexegesis, or interpretation. Peter Lemesurier has painstakingly examined each prediction in this book. He has discovered a damning evidence that Nostradamus produced his forecasts by plagiarizing earlier books. PETER LEMESURIER: There are942 predictions in the book. We've traced about 655 ofthem back to earlier books. And of those, 139 taken from a really important anthology of prophecies from the time, called the Mirabilis Liber. NARRATOR: The Mirabilis Liberis a collection of prophecies from medieval sources, published in 1522, 33 years before Nostradamus's "Les Propheties," and it appears not to be his only source. Nostradamus drew a great deal on the past. Various characters appear inhis verses, Hannibal, Nero, Alexander the Great, JuliusCaesar, and in his almanacs, there's actually Pompey, Augustus Caesar, Mark Antony, they're all in there. NARRATOR: Lemesurierthinks these classic texts are the basis for most ofNostradamus's predictions. The prophecy connected with 9/11 is a clear example. PETER LEMESURIER: Therewere two Nostradamus verses that were commonly quotedabout the twin towers disaster. Perhaps the main one was the97th verse of century six. I have translated it as "Latitude 45, the sky shall burn. The a great new cityshall the fire draw nigh. With vehemence the flames shall spread and churn, when with theNormans they conclusions try." NARRATOR: Lemesurier measure has decoded each section of the prophecy. PETER LEMESURIER: Well, NewYork City isn't on latitude 45, it's 41 and a bit. It's Naples. Naples is Neapolis in Greek, new city. And the Normans, what on earth the Normans are supposed to have to dowith multicultural New York, I'm not too sure. Though, it's obviously a reference back to an event of 1139. And it refers to theNorman capture of Naples, when Vesuvius, right nextto it, the sky shall burn, the great new city, shall a fire draw night. Vesuvius was in eruption, and at the time, [inaudible] the Normans were attacking the city. NARRATOR: His processes seemto be a patchwork of ideas, copying from old predictions andby recycling historical events. PETER LEMESURIER: Nostradamus based his prophetic work on the ideathat history repeats itself. The idea being that historyis made by human beings, and human beings don't change, therefore, history doesn't change. It's coming around again. NARRATOR: Our experts believethe evidence is clear. IAN WILSON: I'm quiteconfident that Nostradamus has no capacity to predict the future. I imagine Nostradamus could predict the future in much the same way as you or I could, but not much beyond that. NARRATOR: Yet, such is the mystique surrounding Nostradamus that for over four centuries people have chosen not to question too deeply. Instead, selectively interpreting his words to fit events. However, one prediction is crystal clear, because it never happened. Despite the popular belief thathe forecasts an apocalypse, Nostradamus's predictions actually continue into the fourth millennium, and then simply peter out. The only thing you can sayand take some comfort from, is the fact that if hecould predict the future, then we're OK until about 3797. NARRATOR: But if the past is anything to go by, these revelations about his prophetic talents probably won't stop people wanting to believe that Nostradamusholds the key to the future. [theme music] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 