Mystery Files: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Mystery Files 
 s1e8 - Leonardo Da Vinci - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Mystery Files (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Leonardo Da Vinci - full transcript 
 One of history's greatest artists also invented the tank, the helicopter, and the diving suit...or did he? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 He's one of the most famous multi-taskers of all time-- the original Renaissance man. An artist, an inventor, whoseideas outstripped his own age. The tank, the diving suit, the helicopter. But little known evidencehas come to light that suggests a different story. One far less revolutionarythan commonly believed. He is very aware of the knowledge of his time, and he draws from this knowledge. Could it be thatthis medieval superstar 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 was not, after all, a man ahead of his time? In an investigation, which delves into the actual technological advances of the 15th and 16th century Europe, and uses modern tools to peel back the layers of this most iconic painting. We open the mystery fileson Leonardo da Vinci. Italy in the 16th century. One of the greatest eras of innovation in arts, engineering, and science the world has ever known. And perhaps its most celebratedfigure is Leonardo da Vinci. In the centuries since his death, he has been transformed intoan almost godlike symbol 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 of the Italian Renaissance. Renaissance historian, Monica Azzolini, is exploring da Vinci's elevation to the highest ranks of Italy's great artists. Leonardo, over time, has become almost an icon. So there is this romantic ideaof the Renaissance genius, and he has embodied that idea. So it's very much a kind of creation of a myth that represents all that is good about the Renaissance. The investigationinto how Leonardo earned cult status beginsin 1542 in the town of Vinci in Tuscany. Leonardo is born the bastard son of a peasant girl and respected notary. Yet despite these humble beginnings, Leonardo will go on to influencethe thinking of virtually every path of learning. But it was only long after his death, that the staggering extent of ideas and disciplines Leonardo turnedhis talents to becomes clear. Leonardo's notebooks becomeaccessible for the first time in the late 19th century. The German scholar, Jean PaulRichter, starts transcribing and then translates a largenumber of his notebooks. And with the publication of hiswork in the late 19th century, the content of hisnotebooks becomes finally, available and accessible to scholars. Astounded by ideasand inventiveness captured in his notebooks, the public begins to revere Leonardo as somekind of supernatural genius. The perception of Leonardochanges because scholars realized the vast amount of his knowledge, the variety of his subjects, and therefore the perception of Leonardoas a polymath develops. He begins to be seen as a man capable of almost anything. Yet experts are uncovering evidence that some of the ideas in Leonardo's notebooks may not, after all, have originated in the mind of the great man himself. Leonardo's precocious talent had, in fact, brought him in direct contactwith many of the movers and shakers of the Renaissance. In the late 15th century, the great art patron, Ludovico Sforza, seizes the duchy of Milan from his nephew. He takes over the family seatin Milan, the Sforza Castle, and hires the leading artistsand engineers to adorn it. In 1482, Leonardo is invitedto join Sforza's select circle. He stays at the castle for 17 years. In 1496, Luca Pacioli, the eminent mathematician, moves into Sforza's court. While teaching in Milan, he gets to know Leonardo, and Leonardo learns much of hismathematics from Luca Pacioli. So there was a sort ofrelationship of student-pupil. In 1499, the French invade Italy, and Sforza is toppled from power. Now without a patron, Leonardo and Pacioli leave Milan, but carry on their collaboration. Leonardohimself then haves Pacioli. He's credited with havingdrawn the polyhedra, that is to say the solids thatare in one of Pacioli's must distinguish works, the De divina proportione, on divine proportion. The mathematical knowledge he soaks up while with Pacioli, underpins much of the engineering work hewill later become renowned for, and maths is not the only area where Leonardo learns from others. Further investigations appear to have uncovered the inspirationfor some of Leonardo's famous inventions. The diving suit, thetank, the flying machines. Could it be that thesefuturistic designs were not conceived by Leonardo da Vinci? Professor Paolo Galluzzi has extensively studied Italy's scientific heritage. From Florence, he is wellplaced to investigate Leonardo's links to otherengineers of the Renaissance. If we want to approach the real Leonardo, the historical Leonardo, we haveto put Leonardo into context. In the beginningof the Renaissance, there is a flourishing oftechnological advancement in Sienna. A hotbed of activity, Sienna becomes a center of engineering innovation. Only 50 kilometers separates the cities. A new movement emerges that tries to combine classicaltechnology with the development of experimental devices. Mariano Taccola is at the forefront of this new breed of engineers. Taccola is a very important step in is because these manuscripts are full of images, hundreds andhundreds of images of machines. It is a revolution comparedto what we had before. The Italian Renaissance towns are filled with statues of theirillustrious former residents, but Taccola is surprisinglynot celebrated as extensively. In spite of this, five surviving volumes of this groundbreaking artist engineer's work serve as recognition to his ingenuity, and the similarities between Taccola's drawings and Leonardo'snotebooks are hard to ignore. There is even a figure resembling the Vitruvian Man, albeit cruderthan Leonardo's famous drawing. And there is documentary evidence that Leonardo saw Taccola's work. Francesco di Giorgio, anotherprominent Sienese engineer, inherited all of Taccola's manuscripts, and based some of his work on them-- improving the quality of design and illustration, just as Leonardo wouldlater do with di Giorgio's. Leonardo certainly owned at least one of di Giorgio's manuscripts. One survives fromLeonardo's personal library that still has Leonardo'sown notes in the margins. I have found only oneevidence, direct evidence, of let's call it quotation, of Taccola in Leonardo's manuscripts. But this is enough to let us suppose-- more than suppose-- thatLeonardo had access to Taccola. Francesco di Giorgio inherited all of Taccola's manuscripts, and Leonardo owned one of Francesco's manuscripts. So there is atransmission of knowledge from Taccola to Francesco di Giorgio to Leonardo. In the Sienese manuscripts, there are images ofunderwater breathing devices. Many of which are surprisingly similar to Leonardo's. We have records from early15th century text of attempts at putting man in conditionto go under water. Leonardo's design seems to be an amalgamation of all of them. But like the Vitruvian Man, Leonardo's drawings have distinct differences to them. It's very crude, very rude drawing, and you do notunderstand as much as you understand from Leonardo's. So Leonardo doesn't invent the first underwater diving mask, but he does significantlyadvance the prototype. And it is not just that Leonardo's illustrations are better, he technically improves the operatus. Leonardo went on perfecting all the equipment of the diver. He's improved the way of keeping the pipe for breathing floating independently of somebody keeping it on. He perfected the way in dressing the diver with appropriate clothing, andso he went on developing that much better than the others. The tank is another famous invention credited to da Vinci. The discovery of a drawingof a military siege machine, centuries ahead of its time, reinforces the image of Leonardo as an engineering genius. But once again, historiansthink that the world has been too quick to credit daVinci with this ingenious idea. The Bellifortis is the firstfully illustrated manual of military technology to have been created in the Western hemisphere. It is written 50 years before Leonardo was born by Konrad Kyeser a physician and military engineer. Kyeser is a soldier who triedto write a handbook on warfare, and is full of machinesfor assault, for defense, and full of drawings for firearms. In its pages, thereis a device which closely resembles Leonardo's tank. There are unmistakable elementsthat Leonardo incorporates, which first appeared in Kyeser's drawing. Kyeser was known in the north and they were in touch when Francescodi Giorgio went to Milan. So some echoes of that you can find. It's not direct quotationor transmission, but ideas spread like that. I mean, you have a passageto one, one goes to another, and another to a third one. Once again, diGiorgio Leonardo's mentor, would have been the conduit along which the information flowed. It appears Leonardo hasbeen declared the inventor of a machine that was first imagined many years before he was born. Although again, Leonardo'sredesign is superior. Again, it's not an original idea. But what makes the differenceLeonardo's invention from earlier depictionis the quality of design. Leonardo has also entered popular culture as a pioneerin the field of flight. Allegedly the first tounderstand aviation principles, he is now honored as the inventor of countless flying devicesto launch man through the air. From parachutes, to hang gliders, to helicopters. Historian, Doctor Tobias Capwell, has come to the English county of Wilcher to investigate the life ofone of Leonardo's forerunners, Eilmer of Malmesbury. Eilmer was a monk basedat the medieval monastery here in Malmesbury. He was probably born in about 980 or 985 AD, and he probably died shortlyafter the Norman invasion in 1066. His story appearsin a 12th century manuscript, and reveals an achievementthat challenges Leonardo's status as thetrailblazer of flight design. In the early 12th century, another monk of Malmesbury, William, wrote a history of England called "The Deeds of the English Kings," and it's in this that Eilmer appears. He was a man learned for those times, and in his early youth, hazardeda deed of remarkable boldness. He had, by some means, fastenedwings to his hands and feet so that he might fly like Daedalus, and collecting the breezeupon the summit of a tower, flew for more than a Furlong. But agitated by the violence of the wind and the swirling of air, hefell, broke both his legs, and was lame ever after. The most important part of this story, actually, as real history, is the fact that the historian, William of Malmesbury, is not only known to be one ofour most reliable historians, but he also comes from the sameplace that Eilmer came from. William would have talkedto people whose grandparents or great grandparents had actually seen Eilmer fly over Malmesbury. So it's an extraordinary, almost eyewitness account. The tower Eilmerlaunches himself from is no longer standing, but the present Abbey is much the same height. Peering down from its roof, we can appreciate just how daring Eilmer was to leap into thin air. The spot where he is said to have landed is still known to villagers, and is called Oliver's Lane. Oliver, being the name Eilmer is mistakenly given in the 14th centuryretelling of the story. According to William of Malmesbury, Eilmer stays airborne for over 200 meters. That's more than half the heightof the Empire State Building. Plotting Eilmer's flight pathsthrough the village today, shows just how impressive his feat was. The fact that Eilmer crashedand broke both of his legs, mustn't at all be taken tomean that his flight was unsuccessful. He started at a height of 25 meters, and flew for a distance of over 200 meters. That's a respectableflight, even by modern hang gliding standards. So he hadn't quite workedout the landing bit, but the flying bit he seemsto have understood quite well. However, the factremains that Eilmer does not manage to stabilize his device. Yet analyzing William of Malmesbury's account, it is clear that Eilmerhimself realized his fault. What's really interestingabout the historical account is that he is said to have remarked that the reason hisaircraft was not more stable was that he had forgotten to put a tail on it. So here we have a medieval person with the picture of a modernaircraft in their minds. So centuries beforeLeonardo was even born, people were beginning to testthe principles of flight, and it appears Eilmer is not the only one to make attempts at flyingmachines before Leonardo. Drawings of primitive flying machines attributed to Italian engineerspredate Leonardo sketches. Leonardo is believed to haveadapted these ideas to create his more complex devices. But on closer examination, noneof Leonardo's flying machines are actually the engineering marvels they are supposed to be. A lot has been made ofLeonardo as a great scientist and inventor. And of course, Leonardo'sdrawings of flying machines are among the most famous of his works. But we mustn't make the mistake of thinking that beautiful drawings are the same thing as ingenious inventions. They certainly are not. None of his flyingmachines would have worked. Even his helicopter designs are flawed. Leonardo's famous helicopter was probably inspired by a flying toy brought back from China by European traders, and indeed, the idea would probably work as a model toy. What Leonardo doesn't seem to have understood is that you can't just scale something up. So if you just made a giantversion of this Chinese toy, it still would never be ableto generate the kind of lift you would need to lift a human pilot. Leonardo's advancesin the field of flight appear neither workable nor unique. We can say that he copiedand improved on devices that were written on. He's not that unusual intrying to do these things. A number of other engineers that are much less known to contemporaries nowadays didtry to achieve similar results and create similar machineries. Ironically, sincehis notebooks came to light, Leonardo has been creditedwith inventions he never took credit for himself. Meanwhile, the true creators of the designs found in the notebooks have been overlooked. The image of Leonardo as anengineering genius living in an age unprepared for his groundbreaking ideas is one which can no longer be upheld. It would be unfair, I think, to see him as somebody who was ahead of his time when hewould have himself recognized that he owed much to the medieval tradition, and to the Renaissancetradition he was living in. And yet his own contemporaries heralded him as the man whocould change the face of art. Professor Martin Kemp is a renowned world expert who has spent 40 years studying Leonardo and the Renaissance. They would say thatLeonardo is what they called in the Renaissance an ingenue-- a genius. And yes, he is just the most astonishing figure. I mean, somebody whopaints the Mona Lisa, which is the world's most famous picture, must have something going for him. Leonardo's artisticgenius is recognized early on. As a boy, he is sent as an apprentice to the workshop of the eminent Verrocchio. Verrocchio is in the greattradition of Florentine multi-skilled artists. He is probably the leadingfigure in Florence. He trained a number of the major artists. So it was obviously a placefor a young man to go. And Leonardo'sprodigious talent as an artist is soon evident. Early on he'sknown as a rising star. He clearly was regarded as somebody who was a great talent. And nowhere areLeonardo's extraordinary gifts more clearly illustrated than in his most famous painting of all, the Mona Lisa. Ever since it was stolen in1911, and the media of the day seized on the story, it has become part of global consciousness, and Leonardo once again, propelled into the limelight. In terms of painting the Mona Lisa, it's probably the greatsummary of what he could do. Pascal Cot is an engineer and inventor who has designed anddeveloped a pioneering system of electronic imaging. He has created a camera thatuses a multispectral technique to see every layer in the evolution of this remarkable painting. The camera gives you the capability to see the sketch off Leonardo. So you can reconstructthe story of the painting. Renaissance pictures are very layered things. They're made up layer by layer by layer. And Pascal Cotte's technology isvery powerful at understanding both what's on the surface of the picture, but also usingparticularly, the infrared, to look through the surface. Pascal was grantedrare access to the Mona Lisa in the Louvre in Paris, and allowed to use his cutting edgetechnology to investigate the iconic paintings evolution. Here at Pascal's lab inLumiere Technology in Paris, are the results of his scans of the Mona Lisa. Pascal has produced areplica of the Mona Lisa, and recreated the scanning setup to explain how his state of the art technology works. An average professional camera records around 20 million pixelsand the three primary colors or wavelengths of light. Pascals camera records 240 million pixels and 13 wavelengths of light. Four of which are outsidethe visual spectrum. So here we have a sampleof our filter barrel. You can see a set of 13 filters, and each filter allows the sensor to see onlya narrow bandwidth of light. The sensor scans the entire surface with the first filter. When they are finished, we sweep again with the next filter. The visible spectrumfor each of the 240 million pixels is calculated by the camera, creating a vast level of data. The results from Pascal'sscans are a complicated series of numbers and graphs. Feeding them back into thecomputer using software he has specially written, he can recreate virtually the Mona Lisa atevery stage of its evolution. Pascal's technology scientifically illustrates the painstakingand complex layering technique Leonardo uses called sfumato. He painted in a very extraordinary way. He would take a glaze, that'sto say a binder made from oil, and he put very little pigments in it. So you have a very thin skin oftinted oil, and that he would put on a white background. So you would get this thin veil of color. He then put another veil ofcolor on, another veil of color on. So it's almost as if it's like stained glass. The light goes through the pigment, hits the white background, then comes back. The scans also revealhow Leonardo intensifies color by saturation. They show how Leonardo does notsimply add black or a darker color into his painting torepresent light and shade, but blends layer after layerof color to create the shadows. This method is so skillful, no one has ever successfully emulated it. It is in his painting that Leonardo's true genius is revealed. And whilst he may not have beenthe groundbreaking inventor history has portrayed him as, the range of subjects found in his notebooks reveal the astoundingbreadth of his knowledge. They vary in terms of topic from botany, to astronomy, to medicine, allthe way to issues of painting, theory of color, theory of painting, to span a kind of wide range of subjects that it's almost unheard of, even for the Renaissance. We have the idea that Leonardois somebody who has received a gift possibly from God orfrom nature that has made him a kind of God or a magician. Even though pophistorians have claimed him as their own, almost 500 years after his death, it is Leonardo da Vinci'sartistic brilliance which has truly stood the test of time. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 