Gunsmoke: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Gunsmoke 
 s1e9 - The Hunter - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Gunsmoke (1955–1975): Season 1, Episode 9 - The Hunter - full transcript 
 Matt has to try to arrest his old friend, Jase Murdock, who lives in the hills, after he starts murdering homesteaders to try and stop the spread of civilization. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Gunsmoke... Starring james arness as matt dillon. Law comes hard to a young country, And especially out here on the frontier. I know just how hard. I'm matt dillon, u.S. Marshal. Out of dodge city. It's a roaring town, Filled to overflowing with cowmen, gamblers, Buffalo hunters...And killers. And this is boot hill. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 There aren't many tears lost for these men lying here. Not back there in dodge. Most men can look at the result of their job And say, "I did that pretty well, The best I knew how." And they can be proud of their handy work. But not me. Because part of this is my handy work. I put some of these men here, And I take no pride in killing. It just that sometimes it's a part of my job. A job that has to be done. A steely for wetting the knifes. See that the powder's full measure. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Make certain. No, jeez, I wouldn't skimp you. When I make a deal, everything's quality. You know that. That be all? My skinner here will wait. Put it all in the wagon. Oh, jase. You figuring to hunt the high planes? What's it to you? I- nothing, nothing, uh... As long as I get my hides, I don't ask no questions, But, uh, well, just thought I ought to warn you. If you are thinking on going south Into indian territory, I wouldn't. I do a lot of things you wouldn't. Well, uh, but this is orders From the commanding general. There's been trouble down there, And they don't want anymore. Yeah, the cavalry patrols along the line. Even the u.S. Marshals got orders to stop anyone. The marshal? That would be dillon? That's right. Matt dillon. I know where I aim to go. I don't fear no cavalry nor no lawmen. Least of all dillon. Hey! Push me, will ya? I didn't mean- I'll cut your throat. I'm sorry- I'll slit your ears. Stay where you are! Murdock. Put it up, murdock. Just coming down the stairs, marshal. I didn't mean to jostle him. You again, dillon. Just like the last time. You want more of the same? It's a little different now. So I see. You got a badge to hide behind. Put up the knife. The man's crazy, marshal. I didn't do a thing to him. I-I-I didn't mean to jostle him. It's all right, it's all over. Everybody go on about your business. What kind of a bone picker is that for the high planes? Times have changed. Nothing but settlers and dudes, bone pickers, Trap men, cow wranglers and bluecoats. And lawmen. You better understand, murdock. When dodge was full of you buffalo hunters, You could throw your weight around. But not anymore. I ain't changed. I take nothing from such as him. Nor you. You better keep out of trouble then. I'll do as I want. You always did. But you break the law, and you'll be in a cell. Is that your way of getting back at me? Instead of calling me, like a man? I'm paid to keep the peace, not break it. Sure. Sit down. What are you doing in dodge, murdock? Haven't been any buffalo around here for three years. Maybe I come to see you. You probably figured me dead. Uh-uh. I heard...About you... Your badge. Maybe it's just as well for both of us That I'm wearing it. Just remember what I said. Matt. Hello, kitty. Matt, he's crazy. He's got a look in his eyes. When the buffalo herds were running, Dodge was 2000 like him. Not much else. You can figure what is was like. Wait. I need some air. Who is he, matt? What's between you two? That's the one the indians call long arm. Jase murdock. Oh. I've heard of him. He's almost a legend, Been on the frontier 30 or more years. Beaver trapper, buffalo hunter, Indian scout. He lived with the indians a while. Even married an indian squaw. Something personal, isn't it? A grudge? "like the last time," you said. "some more of the same," he said. What is it? That's the kind of thing a man Doesn't like to talk about, kitty. Or remember. When he takes a beating... You, matt? Like I said, It was a different town in those days. I was just in from missouri, pretty green. Murdock and some of his crowd were in town on a spree. And when their fun threatened to include Scalping a hide-fitter friend of mine, They didn't like I stepped in. I guess I, uh, was pretty green. They beat you? They left me for dead down by the river. You watch out for him, matt. I know, I only wanna find out What he's doing in town. He must be outfitting a hunt. Not many ranchers will take a chance on that these days. Except for one maybe. Ah, see you later, kitty. Oh. What do you want, marshal? Just wanna ask you a couple of questions, mr. Ross. Working kind of late, aren't you? Got some figuring to do on my accounts. On a big account like a buffalo outfit? What's that to you? You know the answer to that one too. I wanna know where murdock's going. You know he isn't the kind to confide in any one. But you got a pretty good idea. I got no idea. He brings in hides, we do business like always, And that's all I know. And I'm braking no law. Yeah, but you don't want Indian trouble around here either. Oh, I don't know anything about indian trouble. As far as I know, there isn't any, And there won't be any. There's one more question. Where's murdock's outfit? How do I know? His indian skinner took everything away in the wagon. Then he's camped outside of town somewhere. All right. You tangle with murdock, And you wish you hadn't. All I- I was just warning you. You're a long way from home, aren't you? Blackfoot? Those cut arms. That's mourning for some close relative, isn't it? Who are those for? Father? Brother? Mother? My name is matt dillon, I'm a us marshal. How do they call you? What does murdock call you? When he is not angry, injun. And when he is? Dog eater. Yeah, he knows all the indian insults. What do your own people call you? It means "golden calf." Sounds like you were named By a buffalo hunter yourself. You speak good english too. I learned young. You're a breed, aren't you? I am indian. What's a young brave like you doing down here So far from his tribe? Skinning buffalo for a man like murdock. In the lodges at night, my people speak Of the pale warrior with the long arm. When he was with us, his medicine was good. He do not have good medicine now. So you came looking for him. But he wouldn't go back with you, So you stayed hoping some of that good medicine, Would rub off on you, huh? Well, are you gonna go on with him In the treaty territory? Hunting? You gonna help him against your own kind? Help him to break that treaty? The solemn promise of the president To all the chiefs of all the nations At medicine lodge? Once the plains were dark with the running herds. They gave the indian all they needed. Food, shelter, bed, lodge skins. The buffalo are gone. Wiped out by the white hunter. For their skins alone. Good meat left to rot in the prairies. Small herds left in the south were given to them By the president to the indian. You're gonna rob your brothers? Come on in, murdock. Sit down, you're welcome. You got no right to come snooping, dillon. Asking questions, turning my skinner against me. And you've got no right to have him here. I could send him back to his tribe, Back to the agency. It might be the best thing for him too. And it might be best for you. What do you mean? The way you've been treating him, He might not be so friendly to you Once you two are alone down there in indian territory. I don't fear no injuns. Least of all him. I long lived with them plenty of years. So I heard. They thought you were good medicine then. Sure, brought on the long arm. First gun they'd ever seen. Gave them more meat they'd ever seen too. Sure, I was good medicine. You've changed some. That may be. I can take them or live them alone. Besides, their day is done. A man don't need to walk easy with them no more. Don't be too sure of that. You don't take chances with your buffalos, do you? Must be a hundred, 110 grains of powder there. Still using a big 50, huh? Thought maybe you'd get yourself One of those new remingtons. This has done me... I can load and fire as fast as the man With one of them repeaters. And I can drop a bull at near a mile. Or a man. Blow a hole that's stretched you can put your foot through. I killed an indian once, 1200 yards. Took his head clean off. You like to kill, don't you, murdock? I don't mind it. No, it's more than that. Thirty years of it have done something crazy to you. Even the indians don't kill more that they can use. But you- You round up a helpless herd of animals and start in. More hides than you can skin. More meat than a whole frontier could use. But you go right on blasting Till your gun burns your hands. Men like you have brought a stench to the planes, murdock. And it's not just from the rotting meat. Maybe you were a pioneer once, 30 years ago, opening up the west. A loner doing what you had to do, Making your own laws. But your day's finished too, murdock. You'll have to abide by the law now. Well, you're traveling light and fast. That means you're headed south. I'm warning you, murdock, don't try it. I go where I aim to go. Ain't no cavalry gonna stop me. And I just hope you try. All right, if it's the way you want it. You cross that line, I'll come after you. Mr. Dillon? Good morning, chester. What time is it? Well, it's just after dawn. Murdock's gone, mr. Dillon. Yeah, I figured he would be. And you say you'd be after him? I can't touch him until he crosses the line. Maybe the bluecoats will get him. No... Murdock's got it for the cavalry too long. They'll never touch him. Well, that's too bad, you have to go chasing him. You could just tell the mayor. No, chester. This is one job I wanna take on. Killed an indian at 1200 yards. I wonder how fast you can reload. All right, hunter. Why? His medicine was not good. Not anymore. You found that out a long time ago, But you wanted to wait till you got him out Into indian territory away from the white man. Isn't that it? Well, I can't say that I blame you. But I'm a white man too. And a lawman. All right, thanks. But I have to take you in. But I don't guess anybody'll will blame you For saving my life. He was a relative of yours? I am golden calf. The son of long arm. All right, son. Let's go. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 