Gunsmoke: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Gunsmoke 
 s1e3 - Word of Honor - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Gunsmoke (1955–1975): Season 1, Episode 3 - Word of Honor - full transcript 
 Doc is sworn to secrecy to protect a cruel gang guilty of murder. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Announcer: Starring james arness as matt dillon. Sometimes, even at night, It does me good to come out here To boot hill And just look 'em over. The gunmen and the killers. They had no friends. The reminder that I'm not long on friends either. Most everybody he meets dislikes the lawman. I can't blame 'em too much. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's just that I have to remember: Matt dillon, u.S. Marshal, Few friends. Doc. Say somethin', doc. Shock. Shock of extracting that bullet Was too much for him. The spine. Bad- bad place, the spine. You couldn't do anything, doc? No, I couldn't. What difference does it make to you, anyway? Why did you bring me out here, 35 miles from dodge, To try to help somebody you shot in the back? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 How is it you figured one of us shot him down? I didn't exactly figure it. He whispered it to me. The only words he spoke. I'm sorry about him bein' dead. I'm sorry about gettin' you out here too late. If I'd have got here sooner I couldn't have helped him much. He wouldn't have lived more than a couple of days With that bullet where it was. And whichever one of you put it there murdered him. Doc, Tell me somethin'. Do you know him? Know him? I knew him. Sure. The three of us here... Do you know any of us? Him. How? I've seen him around somewhere. Dodge maybe. That kinda settles it, don't it. You know his name, doc? No, I don't. Might come to me though. Let me think. You don't understand, doc. You're tryin' to remember his name When you shouldn't. I understand. Do ya, doc? You can't kill a doctor for following his oath. No? I don't think so. He was shot when he tried to get away. You can be shot just as easy. Don't be a fool. I'm a doctor! And since there's nothing more I can do here, I've got to be available to other patients. Don't you know there isn't another doctor Within 100 miles of dodge city. Right now, doc, there's one too many. We gotta go outside. Don't you touch me again, mister. Wait a minute. I'm kind of thinkin' the doc's wrong. There ain't another doc within 400 miles of here. I could get sick myself. A doctor ain't like ordinary men. He's- Well, it's almost like he ain't quite human somehow. He's human enough to tell what he knows To that marshal they've got in dodge. The way I figure, It's either us or the doc. I'm not interested in what you figure, young mister. Or you either! Or you. Right now, there may be some woman havin' a baby Or some man with gangrene of the leg. People needin' help right this minute. He's right. If you can't kill him, I can. You'll do what I say, hear? Doc, if I let you go, Do you promise not to tell About anybody you recognize here? No, I won't! See? How 'bout that woman havin' a baby? The man with that funny kind of leg? I see what you mean. Do ya, doc? If I don't promise? Then doctor or no doctor I'll kill ya myself. Yeah, well- I guess you would. All right. I'm here as a doctor and nothing else. I promise. Word of honor, doc? Word of honor. All right. Get out. What about him? He's my responsibility, doc. I gave my word of honor I'd return him. Well, that's- That's all I can tell ya, matt, And don't think it isn't drivin' me crazy. I can still see him dyin' like that. He was shot in the back. But you told us practically nothin' About the killers, doc. Well, they didn't look like killers When they rode up to my office. They said a man was hurt- bad! -Out on a place past fort dodge. So I went with 'em. But you must have known it was a shooting, doc. All that hurry? You could have left word for me. Well, my job's to help everybody, Sinner and saved alike. A man was hurt bad and needed me! Now that's why I went with him, quick. Still not gonna tell me where? I- I promised not to. Or who they were? I got to say I- I don't know, matt. I- I gave my word. Doc, you know their names and where they are, And you just- I told you, I gave my word! Well, they're nothin' But a bunch of killers. I know it! Leave him alone, chester. Matt. Yeah, doc? I... Hope you can... Well, I hope they hang for it. Right now, I'm gonna go get good and drunk. By myself! God blast it, anyway. Well, how are we ever gonna find 'em? I don't know. We don't even know who they killed. And doc could lead us straight to 'em, right now. It's not making the doc happy, chester. No, I- I guess it ain't. I- No, sir, I guess it sure ain't. Marshal. Marshal dillon. Well, it's jake worth. Haven't seen you around dodge in six months, that I know of. Well, I'm here now. Trouble? Marshal, I know what people think of me. That hard-nosed, hot-tempered, old goat. Got more money Than he's got brains. I'm glad to hear you say it, jake. Us, we're the good men, marshal. We work hard, don't cause any trouble. Only thing wrong with us is we're rich. We mind our own business. And we haven't learned how to- How to ask for help. You asking for help, jake? But I've gotta ask for it in my own way. Come on inside. Want some cold coffee? No. No, thanks. What is it, jake? If you ride south of town, maybe 15 miles, There's a big cottonwood stump just off the road. I've seen it. There's a hole inside that stump. At the bottom. I put a sack in that hole just before I rode into town. The sack's got $20,000 in it. Now, that's a lot of money, Even for you. It isn't if hank gets back all right. Why, hank's your youngest son, isn't he? He was 24 just last month. He didn't show up the other night. Next mornin', I found a note tacked to one of the corrals. Said, leave the 20,000, he'd be returned. It didn't say how he'd be returned? I told you what it said! Come on, jake. Maybe we can get out there before they pick up the money. I told you I had to ask for help In my own way. All I want from you is to watch for anybody That turns up rich around here. Now, listen to me, jake- No, you listen to me. I told you what I want you to do. There's nothin' else gonna be done Till hank's back safe on the ranch. Not one blessed thing. If they killed hank, You'd want to see 'em hang, wouldn't you? I'd hang 'em myself. All right, then, let's get out to that stump. A chance we can still beat 'em there. Marshal, I already told ya, no. Jake, I've got an idea that hank's dead. What? I think they might have already shot him, And he's dead. Who's "they"? I don't know. What are you talkin' about? Where's hank? I don't know. Well, how come you figure he's dead? I can't tell you, jake. Marshal, I've had just about enough of this. I can't tell ya any more than what I think. Not till we get there. We'll get there. Now, if you don't talk any clearer than this, Maybe one of us won't leave there. I put it over there. It's gone. I'm glad it's gone. No, jake, You're not glad. It's him. It's hank. You knew he was gonna be like this. He had his whole life to live. Why'd they do it? I gave 'em the money. Well, some men took your son, Hank tried to break, and one of 'em shot him. But I'll get 'em, jake. I'll take care of 'em myself, Soon as you tell me who they are. I don't know. You know a lot you're not tellin'. It's hank lyin' there. He's been murdered. Why don't you tell me? Well, because the man who told me, He had to promise not to name anybody. Promise not- What man? Who is he? I'll get it out of him if I have to cut it out. That's another reason I can't tell you who he is. What kind of a lawman are ya anyway? You know the man who could tell me who did this, And you won't even give me his name. I can't, jake. Marshal, I-I don't know much about words, But I've heard the ones about obstructing justice. A lawman shouldn't be guilty of that. I've told ya all I can, jake. No, ya haven't. All I know is, You know the man who could tell me who did this. I'm giving you 24 hours to name him, marshal. If ya don't, Me and my two livin' sons are comin' to dodge. There's gonna be blood spilled, marshal, If you don't name him. I'll help you get hank home now. Go on back to dodge. I'll manage here. Sundown tomorrow, marshal. I'll be there, jake. We'll find you, wherever you be. It's got to be done like I say, matt. It's my idea, and I'm gonna see it through, Whether you like what I'm doin' or not. Yeah, but it might not work. Have ya thought of that, doc? Yes, I thought of that! And I'm also thinkin' it's been 24 hours Since you left jake worth. Now, him and his sons will be comin' into town any minute Lookin' for you. Are you goin' down there in the street and meet 'em? Are you sure, doc? Well, sure I'm sure! You've been searchin' this town for 24 hours For men who suddenly showed a lot of money And you haven't found anybody yet, have ya? No, not yet. No, and you won't. Not this early. Meantime, jake worth and his sons are comin' into town And lookin' for you to find out about me, And there'll be a gunfight! And- and they're innocent men. And besides, it'll be three against you. Well, I'm not gonna let that happen. You do just exactly as I say, And- and forget about me, ya hear? Mr. Dillon? The worths are comin' in. All right, doc. And thanks. You remember, I'm thinkin' about the men Who killed hank worth. Yeah. You've had the time, marshal. You gonna name him? No, jake, I'm not. I warned you, marshal. Yes, you did. And here I am. Go ahead. Cut me down. What's the matter with ya? I'm waitin'! Marshal, I just kept you alive for another minute. I won't do it again. Are you gonna name him? Hank's dead, jake. I can't bring him back. Shot in the back. And those who did it are runnin' free Because of the coward you're coverin' up. I can get 'em, jake. Will you help me? Don't ask fool questions, marshal. Will you give me your word of honor that you'll help me? You got it. Word of honor? You heard me give it. I speak for my sons too. All right. Chester, Take 'em over to the cell and lock 'em up. What?! What's he tryin' to do? Don't listen to him, pop. You heard mr. Dillon. Marshal, this is the wrong time for a joke. We can still shoot ya down. You men are out for blood, all three of ya. But you're not gonna spill yours, Or anybody else's, in jail. And that's why you're not gonna interfere With my getting the man who killed hank. Now, you gave me your word of honor, jake. You wanna go back on it? I won't go back on my word. All right, let's- Let's have your shotguns. All right, let's get going up to the office. What'd ya do down there with the worths? Locked 'em up. Hm. Now that I think of it, I never expected you to be that smart. Don't let's go through with it, doc. I'm- Well, all I can think of is that you're gonna get killed. Oh, I know better, and I insist we go through with it. I know you insist! Well, then your job's to spread it around That I've broken my word and identified the killers! Now, the news will reach those people soon enough, And they'll come in. They'll come in to thank me For breakin' my word. Rest's up to you. Now, just one thing. What? Rather than break your word and let me go out after 'em- Yeah? You make yourself a target for the killers. Do you wanna get started spreadin' the word? That's all you have to do, mr. Marshal! Yeah, doc. I can't wait to spread it around That you're a liar. Which makes you a sitting duck Right here in your own office. Oh, get out of here. Five days, ya hear me? Tomorrow's the sixth day and the sixth night. You and I sit here And glare at each other's mongoloidian features. I wish I'd never had this idea. Wish I'd been out makin' my calls. I wish I didn't know you. Once more to I tell ya I was wrong! The people you want would have been here Two nights after you spread the word If they were comin' in to get me. Doc? Easy, I mean it. Don't you be calm with me! Take a chair and sit down over there, I'll hear your complaint in a minute. You sure will. 'cause you ain't gonna get a chance to fix it. My complaint says you're a dirty liar, doc. Put that shotgun down and tell me where Your two anthropoid friends are. You'll never know, ya liar. Stay there. This man's been wounded and I gotta help him Whether I like it or not! There's more than this one, isn't there? There's two more! They've been smart, doc. I knew it! They sent him up here for a- A decoy, marshal, a target, same as me! They're out front waitin' for me to come down. Stay here. I'm not goin' anyplace! Why don't you try bein' careful, matt. He's seen us, and just about now He's climbing down the back to come around at us. I'm sorry, But I had to take things into my own hands, mr. Dillon. When I saw 'em ride up And stop in front of doc's office, Well, heh, there's 3-to-1 against ya. I had to even things up. You know what, chester? You're forgiven. Marshal, Me and the boys'll be getting back to the ranch now. All right, jake. I'd like to buy ya a drink before we leave. I'd like that. You wanna buy one For the coward I was covering up for? Hm. I take it you're all right, matt. Yeah, doc. You're invited for a drink. Doc. Doc adams. I've gotta do something About those two dead beauties down there, I've gotta make about 3,011 calls On patients tomorrow. Drink! This is no time for drinkin'. Time to sleep! You know what? He's right. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 