The Tudors: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Tudors 
 s1e9 - Look to God First - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Tudors (2007–2010): Season 1, Episode 9 - Look to God First - full transcript 
 The legatine court's divorce trial continues in the Queen's absence, hearing testimony suggesting prince Arthur carnally consummated his marriage to Catherine: embarrassing for the court, ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Previously on the tudors. - There is the mistress boleyn The girl for whom the king would sacrifice his marriage to a most gracious and loving queen. - I have received a petition; the divorce has the support of the people of england. - the people love their queen and they have every reason to do so. - You say You were untouched by prince arthur? - Yes, father. - So You came to the king's bed a virgin? - I am the true and legitimate wife of his majesty. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - a mutual friend sent me. It contains many good criticisms of the papacy and of the arrogance and abuses of priests. - I can't wait much longer. - You won't have to. What if someone is deliberately stalling? Campeggio? - no Someone much closer to you. - God dammit! It's not campeggio at all, it's you! You're the one delaying things. You lied to me, pretending to be on my side! - Your majesty, I swear before you and before god. I am your most humble servant. If you refuse to grant the divorce, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 you will lose the king and you will also destroy me and that I cannot allow. - I ask for one thing and one thing only. Justice. - My lord. I take god as my judge! I was a true maid without touch of man. And whether or not it be true I put it to your conscience. - She holds this court in contempt! - You think You know a story. But you only know how it ends. To get to the heart of the story, you have to go back to the beginning. My lords, in the absence of the queen herself, whom this tribunal has pronounced contumacious, since she does not appear when summoned, we are trying to determine whether or not her first marriage to prince arthur was in fact consummated incarnal copula. We call a witness: Sir anthony willoughby. - I understand you were in the escort taking prince arthur to the nuptial bed? - I was, sir. My father was at the time steward of the king's household. So I was present when the prince was... inserted into lady katherine's bed And also when he woke in the morning. - and did the prince say anything to you when you saw him in the morning? - Yes, sir. He said: "Willoughby, I'm thirsty. Bring me a cup of ale. Last night I was in the midst of spain. " - Silence! Silence in the court! - Anything else? - Yes, sir. Later that day he said to us: "Masters, it's a good pastime to have a wife. " - Silence in the court! - I believe we may have the bloodstained sheets to corroborate my lord's story. - That would be most useful,your eminence. Most useful. - Your majesty. - Gentlemen. - King asks why You are not in court. - I have given answer to that already. - Could we go somewhere private? - Why? I have nothing to hide. Let my ladies and the whole world hear what you have to say. - the King commands that you surrender this whole matter into his hands. Otherwise the court will condemn you. - I am surprised to receive such a request from such a wise and noble man as you. I am but a poor woman, lacking both in wit and understanding. How am I supposed to respond to such a request made to me out of the blue? - You know perfectly well what the king desires and what he shall have. - All I know, eminence,is that you, for your own purposes,have kindled this fire. All this time,all these years, I have wondered at your high pride and your vain glory. I have abhorred your voluptuous life and had no regard at all for your presumptuous power and your tyranny! I know also your malice against my nephew the emperor. You hate him like a scorpion. And why? Because he would not satisfy your ambition and make you pope by force. - Madam, You should never presume to know- - My only satisfaction is that in frustrating you I hasten your fall from the king's good graces an outcome I desire above all others. - Hold, Your eminence. You will not get your divorce this way. - It is the only way. - Friend! Give me a drink! I'm thirsty! If you'd all been to spain as many times as I went there last night, you'd all be fucking thirsty too! In, out,in, out, in out! - And I'll tell you this, lads: Ooooh. - First time I lay with a lady I was but a chit of a lad. So high to a grasshopper I was. I poked her all night... - A toast!I say, a toast to queen katherine! Who doesn't give a fig!God bless her! - To the queen of england! - His majesty, the king! - My lords. Majesty. Splendid. So my sources have just told me that the emperor believes wolsey is to blame for instigating the divorce. He believes that the people of england will soon rise up and bring that creature to the scaffold. - His end is surely approaching. After which, your grace will be the first man at court as you ought to be. - In which case, boleyn, I shan't fail to promote your family's interests. It's true you've risen high. But you shall rise higher yet. - did You see? They were all looking at you. I'm glad. I want them to look at you. I want them to be envious. I want all of them to know exactly how much I love you. - Then, like My family motto I am "the most happy. " How did it go in court today? - Well enough. - Yet katherine refuses to attend. - It will make no difference. Wolsey promises me I'll have a divorce by summer. - Promises are easy. What if you don't? - Margaret, what is it? - I couldn't sleep. - Come back to bed. It's cold. - Not yet. - I'm going to court tomorrow. Will you come? Your brother has asked,again, for your presence. - I told you. Not while he makes love in public to that boleyn girl. It's offensive and it makes him look like a fool. Everyone else can see how... proud and grasping the boleyns are. Why can't he? - what if He commands you to come? What is this? - only a wife to a husband. Sleep now, my sweet charles. I pray you,sleep. - Silence in the court! - in the absence of the queen, we have been asked by her council, bishop fisher, to make a statement to this court. In the circumstances we have decided that such a statement is admissible. Your grace. - Your honours,you have been asked to give verdict on the validity of the royal marriage. Sirs, it is my contention that this marriage of the king and queen can be dissolved by no power, human or divine! Let'S... let me give, if i might, a biblical parallel. You will remember, I am sure, the tyrant herod antipas... Tyrant, tyrant. - ... Who disembarrassed himself of his wife in order that he might take his brother's wife. And who then executed john the baptist when he dared to criticize the royal couple. Just as john the baptist, so I, in all humility,say to you here today that I am ready to lay down my life, to lay down my life,to defend the sanctity of marriage and to condemn adultery! Outrageous! - Your honours. I accuse this man,bishop fisher, of arrogance, temerity and disloyalty! I demand that you disregard every vile word. - Ah, thomas. Come in. Drink? - Not for me,thank you. - No. I have a mission for you, thomas. The french and imperial forces have ceased their aggression. There is to be some sort of conference at a place called cambria, in france, between their negotiators and also with representatives of the pope. I of course, am unable to attend. The vital thing, thomas, is that there be no agreement between the other 2 parties. I've had private reassurances from the king of france who is after all, our ally that he will never make peace with the emperor,under any circumstances. Similarly, there must be no rapprochement between the holy father and the emperor. You must understand,under those circumstances, it would be impossible for the pope to grant the king his desire. - Yes, I do understand. - Now... you have your principles, I understand that. But for the love we both have for the king, your job at cambria is to be as obstructive as possible. Don't let francis renege on his commitments to us and don't let the pope forget that it was charles' forces that invaded and sacked rome. Oh. And there is one other thing? - More than this? - Try to discover, by subtle means, through his agents,if the emperor is prepared to support his aunt by use of force. - You think He might invade england in support of the queen? - I don't think anything. But I imagine everything. And it is those imaginings that cause me great pain, thomas. Great pain. But wasn't it you that said no man can expect to go to heaven on a feather bed? - Ave you nokind things to say? - Kind? - to Your wife. The mother of your child! You treat me so unkindly and in public negle - katherine, You must accept the inevitable! The weight of academic opinion is against us. We were never legally man and wife. And the court will decide in my favour. And if the court does not decide in my favour, I shall denounce the pope as a heretic and marry whom I please. - Sweetheart... by all the angels I was intact when I came to your bed. - Alright!So You were a fucking virgin! That's not the point! - did I Not tell You that if You argued with the queen she'd be sure to have the upper hand?! - Yes, but- one fine morning you'll succumb to her reasoning and cast me off! - what do You mean? Anne, I love you. - Let me go! Let me go! Why don't you see? Why can't you understand? I've been waiting for so long. For what?! In the meantime I could have contracted some advantageous marriage,and borne sons, which is a woman's greatest consolation in this life. But instead I've been wasting my time and my youth. For no purpose at all! - Anne, stop this! You will have sons! We will have sons! - No!No. It's too late. Your wife won't let you go. I should have realized. - Where areou going? - Home. - Stay here, I beg you. Anne! I'm the king of england! - Make way for his grace! Make way! - Your eminence. - Grazie, Grazie, grazie. - An urgent message from the pope. - Thank You, kind sir. - Look! He's always leaning on someone. - Perhaps Someone should lean on him. - Perhaps. Your eminence. - majesty. - I trust we will soon have a verdict. - Indeed. - we hear with great distress of events in germany. The destruction of the churches. - Melancholy events, majesty. - but why is it happening? - Majesty? - I'll tell you. The lutherans attack what they see as the wickedness of rome. They believe corruption is rewarded, but the faithful are abandoned and badly treated. I am a man of faith,your eminence. God forbid his holiness should ever turn his back on me. My lord. - Don't you ever gettired of it, charles? - Of course. Then I go to sleep. - I bet youdream of women too. - No. I dream of god. Of heavenand hell and of repentance. Since you asked. - What are youthinking, anthony? - I'm listening tothe song and I'm thinking:Omnia vincit amor. - Omnia vincit amor:E"no one can resist love". My lord. - Majesty. - Please ask anne to come back to court. I beg you for my sake. I can't live without her. Tomorrow I shall have my verdict and I shall be free. - Majesty. - Eminences,in accordance with the rules and laws of this tribunal and the wishes of his majesty, I ask you officially to deliver your judgment. - Your majesty... my lords. after much deliberation,we have decided that this great matter is too important to be here decided without consultation with the curia at rome. Unfortunately, the curia is now in summer recess. In which case there is no alternative but to prorogue thistribunal until october 1st. That is our judgment. You stupid cunt! - By god, it has never been good to be in england while we've have cardinals among us! - Are you so dense that you really think this is my doing?! And of all people, you have the least cause to be offended by cardinals! If it wasn't for me,a simple cardinal,sometimes having praised you, you would no longer have a head on your shoulders! happy day aaa aaaa aaaaa aaaaaa aaaaaaa - Is it true you are leaving? - Yes, your majesty. Ambassador chapuys will replace me. - I know him. - He's a mosttrustworthy person and will take up your defense with all fidelity and diligence. - As you have done,senor mendoza. Toman esto. In memory of me. majestad. - Thomas, how verygood to see you. How is the king? - The king is ah... going on a progress. Immediately. - With the lady anne. - I see. Tell his majesty that I am handing over to him at once the entire revenues of the see of durham. It is one of the richest in england. And tell him I shall not cease to work for his great matter. Campeggio and I will gladly accomplish his lawful desire. Do you see? - I shall tell him. - And thomas. tell me I can trust you to advocate my interests to the king. - You may for without you, I would be a lowly clerk, without profit or future. I owe you my life. - I've been summoned to rome. I have to appear before the pope and answer for myself. Can you imagine it? Me?The king of england, who answers to no authority but god! Damn wolsey. Damn him to hell. - May I speak plainly? - Yes, of course. - There are some who on good authority care not for popes. These writers say that the king is both emperor and pope absolutely in his own kingdom. - Which writers? - I have a book to show you, with your permission. - Show it to me. Softly love and to love softly. Dew on the sycamore branch. By the creaking gate where my heart hurries afterwards through the path of wheat along the briar, to that stone.	.	. under which I lie. - Thank you for the audience, your majesty. - Very well, my lords. - [Lords]: Majesty. - Lord rochford? - Majesty, the new imperial ambassador, mr. Chapuys, asks permission to present his credentials to the queen. - Granted. My lord, is there anything else? - Majesty, cardinal campeggio is returning to rome and would like to take his formal leave of your majesty. - Very well. Mr. Cromwell. Invite him here to grafton house. Also wolsey. Anything else? Your grace? - Majesty, forgive me. Margaret is dead. She died of consumption. - you never even told me she was sick. - If that's the king's sister, why isn't the king here? - The king cannot go to funerals. - Why? - No one is allowed to imagine the death of the king. For that would be treason. - you cared for me. I'm sorry. Come, come, thomas! Tell me what happened. I take it you arrived at cambria on time? - Not exactly. We were a week late. - A week? Then how could you possibly have contributed to the substantive arguments? - We couldn'T. We weren't privy to the main discussions. We were only able to enter into peripheral negotiations with the major parties. - What negotiations? - Well, I'm happy to report that we secured a return to mutually beneficial trade relations between ourselves and the low countries. We also obtained guarantees regarding long-standing payments owing to the king by the emperor. - But the major disputes, thomas! The major disputes! What happened? Did the king of france refuse to make peace? - No. On the contrary he settled all his differences with the emperor and both of them then settled their differences with his holiness pope clement. - In other words, we were deliberately sidelined. - If you choose to put it like that. - Now there is no chance that the pope will give the king his divorce. Tell me, thomas. what exactly do you think you might have achieved at cambria, that makes you look so smug? - With respect your eminence, to some degree it wasn't for me to achieve anything yet I consider this diplomacy to be somewhat successful. Once more there is peace in europe. England is at peace with the empire. More importantly, papal authority is restored and recognized. That is what I believe in. - Francis betrayed me. - Francis saw the futility of war. He recognized the need for tradition. - And you, thomas. you have destroyed me. Make way! - This way, your excellency. Your honour's chamber. - Thank you. - Wait. Wait! Where is my chamber? - There is none prepared for you, your eminence. - But... I must change from my riding clothes. - Then you had best ask elsewhere. - Your eminence. - Ah, mr. Norris? - Use my room. It's not much, but... I'll have your trunk sent up. When you've changed you are to go to the presence chamber. - I am grateful to you, norris. - There are many here, sir, who have cause to be grateful to you. Though alas, they do not show it. - cardinals wolsey and campeggio. - I hear you've been unwell. Is it true? - Majesty, when was I ever unwell enough not to serve you? - That's what I thought! They tell such lies, these people. Who can I trust? We've come a long way together, you and I, cardinal. Did you think I'd forget? - And there is still a great deal more to do. - I know, I know. Don't be afraid. We shall talk properly tomorrow. good morning sweetheart. - Stand aside; I must speak with the king. Stand aside! Your majesty! Majesty! Your majesty! Majesty! Majesty! Majesty! - Ambassador chapuys. - Your majesty. I have come at the king's invitation to present my credentials from the emperor. - Please. - I am glad to see you. You know your mission has fallen at a complicated time. - Indeed. I see my mission, madam, as one oftoute douceur. All sweetness! - May I ask your highness if I should now, at once, also present my credentials to his eminence cardinal wolsey? - I do not see that there is such a need as before. The cardinal is somewhat... undone. He has been refused permission to attend court. - Then who should I attend instead? - Norfolk, suffolk and rochford. they are now closest to the king, and carry out his affairs. Seek them out if you would know things. Me but you should also know ambassador, that they are no great friends of mine. Any of them. In fact better to say, they are all my mortal enemies. - Make way! - Cardinal wolsey! You are here charged with praemunire: That is exercising your powers of papal legate in the king's realm, thus derogating the king's lawful authority. - You are to be dismissed of all your offices and all your goods shall be taken into the king's hands. - I take it you have the king's written authority for this? - You are commanded to relinquish the great seal of your office. - And where am I to go? - To the king's house at jericho. To await the verdict of the court. - Make way for his lord's grace there! - How 'bout a blessing now, your eminence? My own eternally beloved cromwell, I beseech you, as you love me and will ever do anything for me, come here today, as soon as your work is finished, and forgetting everything else. For I would not only communicate things to you for my own comfort and relief, but would also have your good, sad, discreet advice and counsel. In haste, this saturday, with the rude hand and sorrowful heart of your assured who loves you. Wolsey. Wolsey pleaded guilty to all the charges made against him. - Yes I heard. And sentenced to prison. - I have rescinded his punishment. I've even agreed to let him keep the bishopric of york, with a pension of 3000 angels. You see what kind of monster I am? I need to appoint a new chancellor. Someone I can trust. You're trained as a lawyer and in royal service. You have international prestige. The friend of erasmus, the greatest humanist in all england. You have a fine, sharp mind. - No. - No what! - No, I don't want to be chancellor. - You will do as I command! Listen thomas. I know you have scruples concerning my divorce. And I swear to you, it will only be dealt with by those whose consciences agree with it. I'll only use you for other things and I will never let it molest your conscience. look... tom. I want you, nay I command you, in all the things that you do. to look to god first, and only then to me. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 