Death in Paradise: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Death in Paradise 
 s1e6 - Episode #1.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Death in Paradise (2011–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Episode #1.6 - full transcript 
 When local diver Benjamin Lightfoot is pulled out of the sea dead it is clear he has been murdered. The night before he had argued with his brother and his boss Phil Owen suspected he was in an affair with Phil's wife Alex,who had lent Benjamin money as he was in debt to heavy people. With Camille in France and Poole struck down with fever Angela Young,a bored,holidaying policewoman takes over the case but her rudeness and lack of progress send constables Dwayne and Fidel running to Poole behind her back. Fortunately he rises from his sick-bed to give Young a lesson in detection and prevent a miscarriage of justice. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 He's going to kill himself on that thing one of these days. Chuck a steak on, Phil! One of your specials. Black on the outside, still bleeding in the middle. Funny. Come on, man. Got to be done! Marky boy! You have stuff for tonight? What stuff? Baby? Didn't I mention it? No, you didn't mention it. Well, as Mark's going away tomorrow... after dinner, I thought we could have a little bon voyage beer. You mean get drunk and talk gibberish on the boat? Are we invited? Boys only, I'm afraid. Brothers only actually, Phil. No offence. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Can't think of anything worse than watching you two drinking. That's what happens when your brother thinks he's still 18. Better than being old before my time! Children, please! Benjamin. Can I have a refill, please? Coming up. You haven't told her yet, have you? You've got to. You promised. I will. Morning, sir. Good morning, Dwayne. Where is the inspector? He should be here any minute, sir. He sometimes has trouble getting through the market. Sergeant Bordey is still in Paris. They've extended her course, so she won't be here for two days. We'll manage, sir. It's pretty quiet. Good. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Let the inspector know and have him call if there are any problems. Yes, sir. "Extended her course." Right How much IT can one person learn? I bet she's having too good a time. You really think so, Dwayne? She could have taken that course anywhere! She chose Paris?! What do you think? I never really thought about it. Honore Police Station. Yeah, go on. OK... try not to touch anything and we'll be there as soon as we can. OK. Phil En, down at the marina. Said someone's broken into his dive shed. What did they take? That's the thing. Nothing. Yeah, I found it like this when I came to work this morning. Hey, Ben! I didn't think I'd see you until noon. You OK to dive? Mark and Ben had a session last night. I don't think I'd be fit to dive. Look, I might find something gone later, but I need to fix the door and the lock. So you need a crime number for the insurance? Yeah. Business still slow? It's been a dream to run a dive school, my whole life. Just be nice if it paid the rent too? Damn! All right, Mark? Good night? My head doesn't think so! Right, let's get you written up. Ou est-ca? Ou est-ca? Pour ca! Vache! I think Mark had a bit too much to drink last night. Hey, Phil! Yeah? You seen Benjamin? Saw him dive off the boat, but that was a couple of hours ago. Well, he's not back. You sure? His gear's still gone. I'll call Abigail. Abigail! Is Benjamin with you? No, it's just... No, no, no, no, it's OK. Don't worry too much, I'll call you when we find him, OK. Did you see Benjamin out there? No. He's not back from his dive. Phil! Over here! Hello? Sir? Sir? Sir? Sir? You're burning up. Two slices of corned beef, please, Doris. Sir, can you hear me? No, no, I've just had one, thank you. OK... Don't worry, sir. Somebody better tell Abigail. Fidel? Where are you? I'm with the inspector. He's got a fever. I'm down on the beach, we've just pulled a body out of the water. Only I don't think it was an accident. OK, I'll be there as soon as I can. Thanks for coming. What does the doctor say? Tropical fever. He needs total rest. And chicken soup. What's wrong? Well, if the inspector's ill and Camille's away... You and Dwayne can manage. But that's just it. Dwayne just called. They've recovered a body from the sea. And the thing is, he thinks it's a murder. How's the chief? Not good. He needs complete rest. It looks like we're on our own. So? We can do this. Yeah, I hope so. We've seen the chief and Camille do it. I mean, how hard can it be? Yeah, OK. So... Benjamin Lightfoot went diving from that boat over there around 9:30 this morning. When he didn't come back, the alarm was raised, a search was made in the bay, and his body was found over there by his boss's wife, Alex, in around ten feet of water. Why don't you think it was an accident? Because even if you ignore an experienced diver drowning in ten feet of water, when we pulled him out, the air tank was full, but the air valve was off. So someone turned it off and held him underwater? I can't see how it could be anything else. OK, come on. Well, what about signs of trauma? Yes, but it's a strange one. He had this weird bruise on his chest, but in a sharp rectangle. Nothing on the sea bed could have done that. All right. But how can we gather any evidence? I mean, the crime scene is under water somewhere. We can't even establish an accurate time of death. OK, let's think. What would the chief do first? Well... He'd pace up and down a bit, talking to himself and then moan about the heat. Then he'd tell me to do door-to-door enquiries. OK, then, you do that and I'll finish off this. You've not touched your soup. I'll get you a fresh bowl. Sir! What are you...? No, no, but you're not supposed to be...! No, I'm not telling you how the case is! No, no, sir. I'm hanging up on you now. I'm hanging up on you now, sir! Hey, Phil. Is Mark on his boat? I think so. How's he holding up? Not brilliant. Do you need to ask him questions now? I have to establish where everyone was when Benjamin was diving. That's an easy one, I was here with you. You were writing up the break-in when he went in, remember? Yeah. And you? I was out on the water. Looking for dolphins. On your own? Yeah. Can either of you think why anyone would want to kill Benjamin? Everybody loved Benjamin. He could be headstrong, but it was part of his charm. And he and Mark were definitely on the boat last night? Yeah, yeah, it was quite a night by the sounds of it. I even heard them arguing at one point when I was locking up. I couldn't make out what it was about, but I heard Benjamin going off on one. They were brothers. They'd been drinking. It won't have been anything serious. OK, thanks. How d'you get on? Not much. You? Nothing. Hello? Yes, sir. On our way, sir. That was the commissioner. He wants us back at the station. Dwayne. Fidel. This is Detective Sergeant Angela Young. Sir? She is in Saint-Marie on holiday. But when she found out about our problem, she kindly volunteered to step in. She will be your senior officer until Inspector Poole or Sergeant Bordey returns, is that understood? Make her as welcome as you can. Very pleased to meet you, Angela. Sergeant Young. I need a box first, then notes on the body found this morning. Yes, ma'am. We haven't got anything written up yet. We just got back. Then don't let me stop you. I could just tell you. I'd prefer it written up, thank you. Camille? No, it's Catherine. Your mother keeps bringing me soup. Then you should eat it! I can't tell her. She does that thing. The eyebrows and the French thing. What if someone sees us together? Excuse me? You'll have to wear it back to front or it'll all pop out. Richard! Can you hear me? It's Catherine. I didn't order any cheese! No, no, it's fine, it's fine. Anything's better than sitting on that damn beach watching Andrew go through various shades of pink and having to rub cream on his back. Just the thought of it makes me heave. Yeah. It was really good of you. To give up your holiday like this. We appreciate it. Well, once you've seen the rainforest, waterfall and parrots and sat on the beach, that's about it, isn't it? I was bored by day three. There's lots of beautiful... I want a statement from the brother first. Call me when you're done. I want to see the wife myself. Ma'am. Yes? Shall I go with him? Why don't you do that? Sir... are you still there? Sir? Yes...  I've, got a credit card. Do you deliver? Yes, we do. Hello? You must have the wrong number. I'm not supposed to be talking to you! You need rest! I can't imagine what it's like to lose a brother. I'm truly sorry. Thank you. We're clearing a few things up. You OK? Yeah, yeah. You have a job to do. Benjamin stayed on your boat last night, didn't he? Yeah. Well, it's not my boat. It's what I do for a living. I crew boats. This one belongs to a Brit. About once a year, I get to sail it back to the UK. I was supposed to be leaving today. That's why Benjamin was with me last night. It was a farewell drink. Our last night together for a while. Mark. Did you and Benjamin have an argument last night? Only someone thought they heard, er, raised voices. We were drinking, we were loud... but if somebody was arguing, it wasn't me and Benjamin. If you and Benjamin had been drunk, gone to sleep very late, isn't it strange he still went diving? I guess. I would have stopped him, but he didn't tell me he was going. I heard a splash as he went overboard. That's the first I knew. I thought divers had to tell someone when they go out. They do. But Benjamin wasn't very good at rules. After he'd gone, what did you do? Last minute chores. Getting the boat ship-shape before I set off. But when Benjamin didn't come back, I started to get worried. So, I went to see Phil... you know the rest. So you've been on the boat since Benjamin was found? I went to see Abigail, his wife. But she wasn't there. So after that, yeah, I've been here. So if she wasn't there, who told her about her husband's death? How was the brother? Distraught. Did he tell us anything we didn't know? Not really. This is the wife's house? Yes, ma'am. You come with me. Freddie, write up the brother's statement for me. It's... Come on! We're so sorry about your husband. But we need to ask you some questions. It's OK. I need to know what happened, so, please... Can I ask? Where were you when your husband's body was found? I was here. Only, it's just your brother-in-law Mark told us he'd come up here to tell you the news straight afterwards and couldn't find you. No. Phil, Benjamin's boss, rang earlier. Said Benjamin was missing. So I left soon after. Went down to the bay. And that's when I found... But you didn't see the brother? We must have just missed each other. Can you tell us a little about your husband? What kind of man was he? He was... perfect, you know? And I loved him. He was so looking forward to the birth and... Maybe we should leave this for a while. I do not appreciate being interrupted like that. But she's pregnant and just lost her husband. Our job is not to comfort his relatives. That does not happen again, do you understand? Yes, ma'am. When did you order these? Richard? What have you been ordering? Nothing to do with work? No, no, we didn't have any homework today. It had better not be. Have you finished your soup? I'll be back later. Night, Mum. Young, red bandana. No. Anything? Nothing. A few boats came into the harbour yesterday, but no-one saw a diver. What is it? The brother's statement is on your desk, ma'am. There's a guy on one of the boats, been watching us all morning. Do you know who he is? No. Then take Freddie and question him, but drop me back at the station first. You didn't hear Benjamin and Mark arguing. How would you know? Then why didn't you tell me? Right. So we're telling each other everything now, are we? What? No secrets? Just like the old days? I've got no idea what you're talking about. My body might be useless these days Alex, but I'm not stupid. Phil! I saw you! And him! The looks, the little whispers, sneaking off in corners together. Me and Benjamin? Don't treat me like an idiot. It's what you said to the police, isn't it? "Everyone loved him". But it wasn't everyone, was it, Alex? It was you. You think we were having an affair? Don't laugh at me. Phil... Phil, I love you. I've never been interested in anybody else since the day that I met you. Especially not Benjamin! But I saw you. Yeah, you saw us whispering, maybe even huddled together in corners, but not because we were having an affair. What then? Sir? Yes, officer? Is this your boat? Yeah, yeah, why? Could I ask your name, please? Daniel. Barba. What's the problem? No problem, sir. Can we see your papers? Boat registration, passport? Yeah, of course. They're down below. We'll wait. I hated him cos I thought you were having an affair, and this was about money? He said he was in trouble. That the people he owed money to wouldn't wait. I think they'd been threatening him. HE was in trouble? What about us? The business is going down the toilet and you're lending him money! He promised me he'd pay it back. How much? How much?! So, how long have you been in Saint-Marie? I arrived yesterday morning. And how long do you intend on staying? A few days. You was watching us through binoculars. Can I ask why? Yeah, I'd heard about that guy, the one that drowned. I was just curious. Curious? Well, I'm on me own on the boat all day. You're the most exciting thing since I got here. Or are you going to tell me there's a law against being nosey? OK, sir. Thank you for your time. Pleasure. Thanks. Well? Danny Barba. Native of Panama, here sightseeing for a few days. There was something about him. I didn't like him. Then run a check. I've got his photo on the camera. Shall I run it through the Interpol site? That's generally what I mean by a check. So I've read all these reports. What software do you use to assimilate and cross-reference statements? Ma'am? Where do you look at all the evidence in one place, to cross-reference? A whiteboard? Yes, ma'am. Great. So we have an experienced diver found dead in ten feet of water. His air tank turned off. Marks on his chest. Do we have an autopsy report? Not yet, ma'am. The victim was drinking the night before. Didn't tell anyone he was going out. Ma'am? Yes? I've noticed something. What? We got these pictures from Mr Lightfoot's employers, Phil and Alex En. And? Well, in every one of the photos, when he's alive, he's wearing a red bandana, yes? But not when we found the body. I used to see him a lot at the marina and he always wore a bandana. I'm pretty sure he was wearing it when I saw him jump off the boat. That's it? You don't think it's strange? No, I think it fell off in the water. The inspector says that these little things are important so... But the inspector isn't here, is he, Freddie? I am. I want little things like an autopsy report, a time of death, forensic evidence, witness statements and a motive. Call the lab, chase up the reports then find me a motive! The boat guy. I tapped in his description, got a photo match. He goes by a number of names... Danny Parker, Michael Smith, but his real name is Danny Fernandez... and he's on an Interpol watch list. For what? Gun running, drugs, conflict diamonds. So the passport he showed us, it must be a fake. Be quite something to make an arrest this quickly. Go and pick him up, then. There he is! Hey, what you doing?! Cast off! Stop! Police! You're under arrest. For what? Endangering the life of a police officer... and travelling under a false passport, but mostly for the first one. Yes, sir, I've made an arrest. He may be connected to the death of Benjamin Lightfoot, but at the very least, he's travelling on a false passport. Not at all, sir. It's a pleasure to be able to help. I've done nothing wrong. He tried to run, ma'am. Thank you, Freddie. Did you know Benjamin Lightfoot? No, who's he? You've been watching us all morning. You're locking me up for looking through binoculars? No. For travelling on a false passport. We're locking you up until I find out why you're so interested in our investigation. He's definitely hiding something. I don't doubt it. The question is, does it have anything to do with the murder? Well, we've got lots of bits, but nothing that links them together. Well... an experienced diver that drowns in shallow water. Bruises on his chest. An... international smuggler with a fake passport and a missing bandana. The inspector's good at putting things together and making sense of them. You spend a lot of time talking about this inspector, which luckily isn't annoying at all. There's something we need to add to the list of things that don't make sense. The preliminary autopsy report just came through online. And? There was no sea water found in Benjamin Lightfoot's lungs. What?! What, so he wasn't drowned? Yes, he was drowned. But in fresh water. She hasn't got a clue. No, no, no. She's got a lot of clues, she just doesn't know what to do with them. OK? Yeah, great, thank you, Dwayne. Sir? It's only me, Fidel. How are you feeling? Like death. I brought you some fruit. How's the case? About that. Only... well, look, I feel really bad doing this, going behind everyone's back. You're supposed to be resting. I am resting. I'm in bed. Yes, but sneaking away to call you, coming here. It feels wrong. Well, it's not. So what's been happening? OK. Danny Fernandez, the guy on the boat I was telling you about. It turns out he's a smuggler, travelling on a fake passport. Have you, got his case file? Yes. Autopsy report? The autopsy shows that he had only fresh water in his lungs. Really? Then he must have been drowned elsewhere and then, you know, his body dumped at sea. Yes. Who was the last person to see him alive? His brother. And Dwayne. Yeah. Do we know what was stolen from the dive-shed yet? Nothing. Why break in if you're not going to steal anything? I don't know. But we don't think it's connected. So there's a break-in at the victim's place of work. A short time later, he's found dead and it's not connected? Well, Sergeant Young doesn't seem to think so. Yes, Sergeant Young. How is she? Still calling you Freddie? Yes, sir. I wish Camille was here. We need to get to the bottom of the break-in. It could break open the whole case. OK. And I've been thinking about your bandana, I think you're right. It doesn't make any sense it having fallen off in the water. He dived regularly wearing it, so the one time it falls away is the day he dies. Why? The struggle, maybe? Possibly. I need to give it some more thought. Sir? I can smell chicken soup. The, em, plant pot beside you is full of chicken soup. It's Camille's mother. She's demented. She thinks chicken soup is a wonder drug. The new penicillin. She's been force-feeding me. Would you like me to remove the evidence, sir? Yes, please, Fidel. If you could... I'd be most grateful. OK. I want Philip and Alex En interviewed again. I want to see the wife again to see if they have links to Barba, or Fernandez. We need to establish a connection before we can question him. Dwayne, come with me, Freddie, do the Ens. Did you or your husband know a Danny Barba? Who? He's also known as Danny Fernandez? I don't think so. Who's he? He's a criminal, a smuggler. His boat is moored in the marina. Benjamin never mentioned anyone called Danny. You're sure? Yes. And did your husband make regular trips overseas? No. In fact, I don't think he left the island since I met him. Abigail... Sorry, but did Benjamin take a suitcase with him to the boat? Knowing Benjamin, I doubt he even took a toothbrush. It's just, that blue case up there... I saw one just like it on Mark's boat. Well, that can't be. But they are a pair. And only one is there. His passport, ma'am. If your brother was only staying with you one night, why did he pack so many clothes? And a passport? You argued with your brother, didn't you? You can either tell me the truth or I can arrest you. Dwayne, get on to Government House. We'll need a warrant to impound this yacht. All right, wait. I'll tell you. My brother was a gambler. He owed money. Is that what you argued about? He had no sense of responsibility, he just breezed through life leaving the rest of us in his wake, clearing up the mess he left. I'm not interested in his shortcomings, I'm more interested in who he owed money to. He didn't say. Well, then why mention it at all? Because he wanted me to bail him out. Just like he always did. Marky boy, I just need a few grand. You'll get it back! Promise. Where am I going to get that sort of money from? You'll find it! You've done it before! Not this time. 'I didn't have that sort of money, so I told him I couldn't.' I wouldn't help him. So why the suitcase? He said I was his last chance. He was in serious trouble. If he couldn't pay the debt he'd have to leave the island. His life was in danger. From who? I don't know. In your statement, you said you were about to leave for the UK. Did you agree to take him with you? That's it. If he owed money, had gambling debts, then we find who he owed money to and find our killer. But ma'am, if you're going to kill someone for their debts, do you go to so much trouble? Drowning them, dumping them at sea? What's your theory? I don't have one. I thought not. Get on to the bank, I want details of his finances. Well? They've checked the shed. Nothing's missing. The damn shed's not what I sent you for! No, sorry, that was... Was what? Not what you asked me for. You asked me to find out if they knew Danny Fernandez. They don't. They'd seen him but never spoken to him. So of all the people we've questioned, who would frighten Benjamin enough to run and leave his wife behind? Danny Fernandez. Exactly. So Dwayne, you do the bank like I asked. Freddie, search Fernandez's boat from top to bottom. If there's any evidence linking him to Benjamin, I want it found. Chop, chop. What are you doing out of bed? Just, looking for chicken soup. So you like it! It's like an angel crying on my tongue. You seem stronger too, so it must be working. Yes, yes. We should alert the Red Cross? We could rid the world of famine and disease at a single stroke. It will be known in Brussels as the "chicken soup strategy", no child will ever cry again. I heard from Camille. I told her you were ill, so she's on her way home. She'll be here in a few hours. You've missed her? Well, I mean, that's... that's to say, you know, the fact she isn't here is, you know, not ideal, so in that sense... Why can't you Brits ever just say how you feel? We can. Go on, then. Just say something, don't think about it first, you let it out. OK. Your soup tastes like old socks that have been marinated in diesel, sprinkled with urine and baked for three days covered in a sack that's been used to wipe a donkey's backside! No secret compartments on Danny's boat anywhere. Or stashes of cash or contraband. The only thing I've found is a set of scales, but no drugs. No, the diving equipment hasn't been used for years. The air tank's all seized up, the rubber's all split... OK. I'll catch you later. No problem. Got the bank statements. The full autopsy report came in, the wounds on the victim's chest had tiny shards of metal in them. And there was a stone lodged in his oesophagus. That's not the only thing that's weird. The Lightfoot account looks quite healthy for someone who owed a lot of money. But there are two transactions. 25,000 paid into his account two weeks ago, then taken out in cash the next day. It was paid from an account held by Alex En. You know, I don't get it. Why would Alex En give Benjamin 25,000? Well, he asked his brother for help, why not his boss' wife? OK, but then why didn't she mention it? I mean, 25,000 is a lot of money. You know what I could do with that? The other thing is, he took the money out of the bank in cash. So it must have been to pay off his gambling debts. Maybe. Not maybe. Definitely. How can you know that? Because when you lose money gambling, the kind of people you owe don't like to take cheques. OK, but one thing still bugs me. Only one? He told his brother Mark that he owed money and that if he didn't pay it off he feared for his life. Right? So? That was after Mrs En had given him the 25,000. So if he'd paid off his debts, the only person he owed money to was Alex En. He said it was a one-off, it wouldn't happen again. But he owed all this money and he didn't dare tell Abigail, cos she'd kill him. I don't mean... You gave him money to pay his debts off. No. She gave all our savings to pay his debts off. Every penny we had. Why didn't you tell us earlier? Well, cos I was trying to spare Abigail any more pain. It's all connected, isn't it? It's to do with his debts. When did you find out about this? After Benjamin was killed. Now don't get any ideas. I'm not being cleaned out and accused of murder in the same week. Did Benjamin ever say if he planned to pay you back? He said he wouldn't rest until he'd paid back every dollar. And you believed him? Yes! Phil En has a fresh water butt in his dive shed. True, I never thought of that. That's why I'm a detective sergeant and you're... not. And the marks on his chest? S There was clearly a struggle, during which he'd have to be held face down with some force, which would explain marks on his chest. As for the stone lodged in his oesophagus, lots of stones on the sea bed, where the body was found. The key is the money Benjamin begged his brother for. Phil En lied about not finding out about the money until after Benjamin was dead. He went back to get it. We know Benjamin didn't have it. So after a furious row, Phil En killed Benjamin Lightfoot by holding him underwater in his fresh-water barrel. He then panicked and dumped the body at sea. What about the guy in the cells? He's a criminal, but there's nothing that links him to the victim. Therefore he's nothing more than a distraction. It has to be Philip En. Are you sure this is a good idea? The chief needs to know we're about to make an arrest. Dwayne? One thing before we go in. You've been feeding him information on the quiet. What? How did you know? Because so have I. Only I didn't bring a bag of fruit every time I went. Sir? So, you know about each other then? Yes, sir. I seem to be upsetting everybody today. I told Camille's mother that her soup tasted like diesel, but when I phoned to apologise she said I was being childish. Well, you did put your soup in a plant pot. Self preservation. So... Why are you here? Sergeant Young is about to make an arrest. We thought you should know. Well, then. You must tell me who it... He's done too much. He's wiped out. We should leave, let him sleep. No, wait. He's back. Where was I? Yes... You were about to tell me who you think killed Benjamin Lightfoot. Yes. Right, so Sergeant Young thinks it can only be one person. That's what I believe too. It was Phil En. And he's gone again. No, he's listening, taking it all in. So Phil's the killer. Well, we'd better arrest him for murder, then. I wouldn't do that if I were you. Perhaps you could help me get dressed. Dwayne? Drop us at the station and... and then I need you to go and get a couple of things for me. I'm not dead yet! Thank you. At first sight it was a baffling case, yet all it needed was determination, diligent police work and an instinct for the truth. In the final analysis, Benjamin Lightfoot's murderer could only be one person. The only person here with the means, motive and opportunity. I couldn't agree more. Mark Lightfoot, I'm arresting you on suspicion of the murder of your brother, Benjamin Lightfoot. This is madness! You do not have to say anything but it may harm your defence if you don't mention something you later rely on in court. Anything you say may be given as evidence. Do you understand? Will someone please explain to me what's going on? Helena. Helena? Detective Inspector Richard Poole, we haven't met, but I've, heard a lot about you. I apologise for the dramatic nature of my arrival, but I felt compelled to drag myself from my sick bed to prevent an injustice. And of course, to arrest Mark here for the murder of his brother. But I saw him on the boat when Benjamin went diving. And so did one of your officers. Yeah, it was him. Now, you only thought you saw Benjamin that morning. In fact, that's rather the point. Did you tell your brother the real reason you were sailing for the UK that day, or did he already know? I have no idea what you're talking about. I think you do. You're a smuggler, Mr Lightfoot, aren't you? Once a year you sail to the UK. That's what you told my officers. You crew boats all over the Caribbean. That's how you met Danny Barba. Or Fernandez, as we now know he is. Or is it a coincidence that a suspected smuggler is in the bay of Honore the same day you're leaving for the UK? Though as any detective worth their salt will tell you, there's no such thing as coincidence in a murder investigation. Fidel. The scales on Mr Fernandez' boat confused us. There was no trace of drugs, even in lab tests. The drugs were only one of the things Mr Fernandez was known to deal in, the others being guns... and conflict diamonds. Like this one. Found lodged in the oesophagus of the victim. Uncut so they still look like stones but, easy enough to identify with a little basic research. I was waiting on a lab report. Once we knew what the stone was, the rest suddenly made sense. Because the way you got them through UK customs was really quite brilliant. They weren't even hidden. You're wrong. If those are diamonds, I have no idea how they got there. You're lying. I think that when your brother discovered what they were and tried to take some of them to pay his debts, you pushed his head into the fish tank and held him there. No! In his struggle to breathe, this stone became lodged in his throat. I can't be sure, but it certainly explains the shape of the wounds on his chest and why there were metal shards embedded in them. Metal, by the way. Not plastic, as it stated quite clearly in the lab report, I believe. It also explains the one thing you didn't consider when you dumped his body into the sea... why his lungs were full of fresh water. Mr Fernandez, at the moment you are charged with possession of a counterfeit passport and illegal movement of conflict diamonds. What you have to decide is whether you want to add accessory to murder to that list. Mark? So you do know him? The question is, will a jury believe you're not a murderer? All right. It was his idea to use the catamaran, the fish tank. He approached me. I'll tell you everything. I had nothing to do with the killing of his brother. I still don't understand. I saw him. By the time you saw Benjamin go diving, he was already dead. You were forced to admit that you argued with your brother the night he was murdered. Because you didn't know what had been overheard, you decided to tell us the truth. But you didn't tell us what happened next, did you? I just need a few grand, you'll get it back. Promise. Where am I going to get that sort of money from? You'll find it! You've done it before. Not this time. Come on, big boy, you know I need it. Just drink your drink, all right? After a night of heavy drinking emotions ran high, tempers flared. You started to fight over the diamonds. 'All those years of resentment? Of the little brother who 'breezed through life, leaving you in his wake to clear up his mess. 'You may not have meant to kill your brother that day, ' but once you realised that you had, you had to dispose of his body. And I have to say, your plan was ingenious. The first part... 'was to get him into some of the boat's scuba kit 'and get his body onto the dinghy. 'You thought it would look like a tragic diving accident. 'After all, what else could it be? 'Your first mistake was not realising 'that his lungs were full of fresh water. 'The second was forgetting to turn on his air tank. 'Once you'd dumped his body, you came back 'and broke into Phil's dive-shed. 'And it looked like nothing had been stolen... 'because nothing had. You simply needed a police officer there for the final piece of the jigsaw. You disposed of your brother's body at sea under cover of darkness. But in order to get away with his murder, you needed to prove he was still alive. So you impersonated him. 'Making sure you put on one of his trademark red bandanas. 'Because in scuba gear, it would be hard to tell two people apart... 'let alone two brothers of a similar age and build.' Hey! I didn't think I'd see you until noon. 'As long as you spoke through the snorkel, you'd even sound the same.' 'I mean, why would anyone think anything suspicious was happening? 'Nobody knew anything suspicious had happened.' 'You wasn't being clumsy when you dropped 'and smashed that bottle, you was proving that you were on that boat after your brother had left.' Good night? 'So how could you be the murderer? The murder hadn't happened yet. 'Your brother was still alive. Or so everyone would think.' I asked Dwayne to pick up not just the fish tank, but also to look through the trash that you put out that day. Because inside there, was one clue that broke the whole case wide open. Benjamin never appeared without his red bandana before he was murdered. Why was that? You see... it really bugged me, until I realised that you'd remembered to wear it when you impersonated him that morning. But in your panic to dispose of the body, you hadn't. So... the bandana, the marks on his chest, the stone, the fresh water in his lungs, the break-in at the dive shed. All things that, individually make no sense. But put them together and they add up to one fact... you murdered your brother Benjamin and disposed of his body in the sea. Lock him up, Fidel. Mark? How could you? He was your brother... And I hated him! My whole life, I hated him! And none of you could understand! You just laugh at me. The brother who wasn't as cool or as interesting. My whole life, people, they run around after him. I run around after him, clearing up his mistakes, paying his debts, letting him use me. But you never saw that, did you? Nobody noticed me! My sincere condolences, Mrs Lightfoot. And the suitcase? All Mark, intended to throw us off the scent. He packed it when he went to the house, to tell you about your husband's death. I knew he wouldn't leave me. Sorry, is that what you were going to say? You know damn well it wasn't. Yes, I did know that, but that's why I'm a detective inspector... and you're not. So, we've caught a murderer and an international diamond smuggler. That's a good day. Yes, it is. I'm not sure Sergeant Young was too pleased. I'm sorry, but she wasn't very nice. Don't worry, Freddie. She's gone now. That doesn't look good. I've just got off a nine hour flight and what do I get? Virtually as the plane hits the tarmac, my mother on the phone saying you've insulted her? I didn't insult her, it was more... critique. You said her soup tasted of old socks! She told me to be honest. When women tell you to be honest, don't BE honest! That makes sense It doesn't have to make sense! It's my mother! I could have reported her for assault. I grew up on chicken soup! That explains a lot. What's that supposed to mean?! Things are back to normal. Amen to that. Fancy a beer? Well, it's clearly made you argumentative for a start. I'm argumentative? Look, excuse me, but while you were swanning around in Paris, I was solving a murder from my sick bed. From what I've heard, Dwayne and Fidel did all the hard work. What? Come on, is all this really about your mother's chicken soup?! No, all of this is because you are a rude man...! I've been waiting for this day for ten years. Just make sure you boys can keep up with me. So you weren't jealous of him spending time with a younger, prettier woman? Nothing Solly ever did was easy on other folk. There's obviously more between you and Solly than a photo assignment. We were in a band. Didn't mean we were family. You just have to relax. Go with the flow. A-a-agh! Subtitles by APOLLO www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 