Death in Paradise: Season 2, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Death in Paradise 
 s2e7 - Episode #2.7 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Death in Paradise (2011–…): Season 2, Episode 7 - Episode #2.7 - full transcript 
 As the island prepares for a hurricane the corpse of Leo Downs, a researcher at the university's meteorological unit is found. Though favoured by department head Professor King,other colleagues saw him as a sycophant and a nerd though Amber Collins,ex-girlfriend of Leo's room-mate Damon,was in love with him. Yet all the suspects have alibis according to the time codes on their clocks. Poole discovers that King is advising an oil company planning to drill on the island . Leo's notes are nowhere to be found and a Skype message to his mother shows he was planning something big. Was it big enough to get him killed? After the hurricane has passed Poole at last finds the evidence encoded in Leo's computer which leads him to the killer and their motive. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 'The stations are going to take an almighty battering tonight. 'So take your observations, then carry out a full site check. 'Secure everything.' I'll go north. Jennifer, you're east. Leo, west. Amber, south for you. And Damon, you're central. I want the instruments photographed as back-up once you've taken the readings. These conditions may never come round again so let's get this right. Once you've got the stats, get yourselves home. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We'll collate everything tomorrow. Stay safe. OK? Damon? Can we swap? What for? I've just got something to do. I need to be here. Please? 'Latest predictions suggest Hurricane Irma will make land 'around seven o'clock this evening.' Yes, yes, yes, we get it. There's going to be a storm. He's definitely scared. It's his first hurricane. Scared? I survived '87. You survived 87 hurricanes? No. 1987. Hmm? The storm of the century? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I tell you, the roof of my dad's shed was torn off. Tomato pots and bird feeders strewn across the lawn. Utter carnage. Oh, my God. Come on, come on! Hello?! I'm just saying, if it were a real hurricane, it would have had a name. There were floods. Ancient trees were felled. Did it have a name or not? Yes! It did. It was, it was called the Fish. The Michael Fish Hurricane. Give me the hammer, come on. Boarding up will have to wait. There's been a murder. Leo Downs. 26. Staff researcher here at the meteorology center. This debris. Very spread out, isn't it? There's something not quite right. OK, so Leo Downs is recording meteorology data, the killer arrives, there's a fight. A big fight, the place is a mess. Can we be sure they were fighting? They must have been. And yet there are no strained seams on his clothing. In fact no damage to the clothing of any kind, no abrasions to the knuckles. Hang on, this is north, right? Er, why? So the debris lies to the south of the Stevenson box. OK, so the door was opened, they fight, crash into it and stuff flies out. Yeah, but the door on a Stevenson box always faces north. Does it? To stop direct sunlight hitting the thermometer. There's no way the instruments could have accidentally fallen like this. So it's been staged? If we came to this exact scene, tomorrow, what would you think? I'd think... I'd think he'd been caught by the hurricane. Yeah, there'd be leaves, branches everywhere. The blood on the pole would have been cleansed. I think this would look very much like a tragic accident. So we've found the body before it was intended to be found? Whoever did this sought to make Hurricane Irma the perpetrator and concealer of the crime. We're looking for someone with a sharp and devious mind, Camille. Any witnesses? Good luck with that. That's the dean of the university, Judy Hearst. She e-mailed everybody last night telling them to stay away today. There's usually 30-odd people around. She and Mr Downs are the only people on site. And she found the body? Yes, Sir. So, if she's the only one here, then maybe her finding the body is a double bluff and she's our killer. A reasonable theory, but rather annoyingly, she's the one person who couldn't have done it. How can you know that? Because if the killer wanted the hurricane to conceal the murder, the last thing you'd do is call the police before the hurricane hit. Yes? I spoke to the team yesterday. They said the hurricane was powering up, so I took the decision to close the unit. But if the unit was closed, why was Mr Downs here? He's part of a small team that take daily observations. The meteorology unit have five weather stations. One here and four at the north, south, east and west points of the island. One member of the team goes to each. So there would have been four other people here earlier this morning? Yes. Their names, please? Professor Adam King. Jennifer Cheung. Amber Collins. And Damon Ryan. Adam will be devastated. Well, everyone will of course, it's just that Professor King had taken young Leo under his wing, so to speak. So, apart from these four people, is it possible that anyone else could have gained access to the station where Mr Downs was killed? I don't think so. The entrance gates were locked when I arrived. So you came to a closed department knowing a hurricane was approaching. Why? Leo wanted to see me. I got a message. He left it late last night. 'Hi, it's Leo Downs. 'There's something I need to tell you. 'It's really serious and I don't know who to tell, 'and well, it could blow the whole department apart. 'Look, I'm in for observations tomorrow. 'If you meet me at noon, I'll explain. OK. Bye.' I picked it up this morning and caught the first ferry over. Have you any idea what the meeting was about, or what he was referring to? No. Right, so he arranged a meeting that "would blow the department apart". And half an hour before that meeting, he's killed. The dean's adamant she has no idea why Leo wanted to see her today? No. Fidel? Process this for me, would you? I found it in the grounds. A rubber duck? May be unrelated, but check it for fingerprints anyway. Yes, sir. So these four people were the last ones to see Leo Downs alive. Let's go and talk to them. I saw an ambulance. Is everything all right? Professor King, I presume? I understand you and Leo were close. Well, his father died just under a year ago. He lost his way a little. We all did what we could. Some of the others resented that I spent that much time with him, but it was the least I could do in the circumstances. Then would you say he had enemies here? I wouldn't describe him as the most popular member of the unit. He tended to keep himself to himself. What about the rest of the group? You mentioned some resentment. Were there any rivalries, perhaps? Well, there's... There's Jennifer. Very ambitious. She saw Leo as competition. Did you speak to him this morning? Not really, might have said hello. He was still sulking because I'd got second author on the professor's new paper. Erm, I'm sorry, what does "second author" mean? It's the credit you get on academic papers. The professor always goes first and the researchers come after. The higher you are, the more you're respected. But Leo Downs thought he should be second author on this paper? That's just how he was, teacher's little pet. He moaned about everything. Then there's Damon. Leo's roommate. Rather a strange one, Damon. Not very strong on people skills. I couldn't stand the little creep. Excuse me? We had nothing in common. He was always brown-nosing King. And he was into nerd stuff. Comic books. Conspiracy theories. I mean, the guy was 26. Come on, grow up, you speccy loser. And finally Amber. She's sensitive, shall we say. She and Leo were in a relationship until quite recently, I believe. He dumped me. Said he wanted to concentrate on his work, which was, like, so disrespectful. I don't know why he had to be with Professor King all the time, I mean, I could've helped him. I already bought him some books that he said he didn't have. That doesn't sound like a person who would stop you doing your work, does it? No. He just made excuses all the time, like saying he couldn't work properly with me sitting there watching him. He said it was unnerving, me staring at him, but you know, it's not like I was making a noise or anything. I just liked being round him, I loved him. I mean, you don't have sex with people you don't love, do you? So when Mr Downs' body was discovered at 11.40, all four of you were at your respective weather stations, taking measurements? Yes, we log data and photograph everything. And all four weather stations are an equal distance away from the unit? Yes. All about a 20-minute drive. Right, so you left here at? 11. Returning to the lodgings by? 12. You're published? Not quite. End of the month. That's a proof copy. What's the subject? An analysis of hurricane prediction methodology. Ah! Tell me, is this Irma really going to be the end of the world everyone says it is? Well, it's shaping up to be pretty mighty. I don't wish to be disrespectful, but is this really the place for a published professor? Well, maybe not forever. The buzz on the book has been good. I've had enquiries from Yale and Oxford to visit. But this place has been good for me. When I took the position, I didn't really know where I was going. A change of scenery, new challenges, everything's really opened up. You've made a similar move, right? You must feel the same? Not really. You know, I used to be a demon proof-reader at college. Spelling. Punctuation. Grammar. I hunted those blighters down for fun. Well, take one. If you can spot anything I'd be grateful. Drink? Er, no, thank you. Can I ask? Did Mr Downs mention anything to you about an appointment he'd made with the dean for today? No, he didn't. Why on earth would he want to see the dean? Ah, police manual. A cracking read. If I was to read that thing, I'd fall asleep on the contents page. Dwayne, you're supposed to have read it cover to cover. Of course, sir. I have read it. Big day tomorrow. Sergeant's exam. Yes, please don't remind me. You'll breeze it. Won't he, sir? No idea. If he's worked hard enough, it's possible. So... the killer intended the murder to be disguised by the impending hurricane. Someone who knew where it would hit and when. A meteorologist. Exactly. But we have a problem. All four of them, Professor King, Jennifer Cheung, Amber Collins and Damon Ryan, all set off at exactly 11am. They drove for around 20 minutes to their respective weather stations and took readings. They all arrived back around noon and as the body was found at 11.40, it means they were all accounted for when the murder took place. Yeah, very convenient. Leo Downs swapped his allocated weather station with Damon Ryan in order to stay at the unit. Damon, can we swap? I need to be here. We assume, because of his meeting with the dean. Yes. And we know the others went to their respective stations because? We have their completed data charts and they photographed the instruments as a back-up. Ah! The cameras are date and time-coded and today's photographic readings were all taken between 11.25 and 11.35. So if the time codes are correct, they all have an alibi. But the killer could have changed the time code on the camera. Yeah, but even if they did, we have no way of knowing which one was changed, so it doesn't help us. Also we didn't find a camera at the murder scene. No, we didn't. Yet we know the victim had one, because in Damon Ryan's statement, he said he gave him his clipboard and camera. So where is it? If the murderer took it, why? Was it important enough to kill for? Sir, the fingerprint reports are back. Samples taken from the weather station equipment confirmed matches for all five members of the unit. The victim, King, Cheung, Collins and Ryan. We'd expect them to be there. And the murder weapon was wiped clean. And the toy duck had several clean prints, all matching the victim. So it did belong to him. OK. Doctored camera or not, we need to completely rule out the possibility that one of our four suspects could have taken their readings and got back in time to murder Leo Downs before 11:40. How are we going to do that? Thank you. Thank you for your cooperation. Right, stopwatches? Good. So you drive to your allocated station, you wait ten minutes to cover taking the data, then you return directly to the lodgings. Chief? If they were trying to get back to kill Leo, they probably wouldn't have stuck to the speed limit. Right, yes. You can drive as fast as you can. Just try not to kill anyone. I love this job! Three, two... Wait! Go, go, go, go, go! One hour? One hour. Well, if the photos are genuine, all our suspects have an alibi. So if opportunity is proving a little slippery, what about motive? Well, Leo Downs had an argument with Jennifer Cheung about study paper credits. He also recently ended a relationship with Amber Collins. And Damon Ryan is very strange, but they just didn't get on at all. But are any of those enough for someone to want to kill him? Or is it more likely someone was trying to stop him seeing the dean? After all, he had something that could blow the whole department apart. I want to see his room. Sir, it's almost five. We've only got a couple of hours before the hurricane is due to hit. So, bring an umbrella. He has no idea how dangerous a hurricane is. What are we looking for exactly? His camera? Something to explain the rubber duck? A motive? Whatever it is that could blow the department apart. His father. He died last year. Poor thing. 'Glory follows virtue as if it were its shadow'. That's beautiful. Really? That's Cicero. Cicero. Roman philosopher. Hey! His laptop. OK. That's odd. There's nothing there. It's empty. Just a couple of video files. No work? No. No work, no photos, no music files. Either he was very lazy or someone's wiped it. Let's see the video. Most people are saying that Irma is going to be category 2 or 3 direct hit, but my calculations are saying something else. I think that we're going to see a cat 2 at best. And I also think the course of the hurricane is going to see a miss, some 40 miles north-west of the island. Not what his professor said. Hmm, what about the other one? Hey, Mum. Sorry I've not called in a while. Things have been, erm... tricky round here lately. People have not been behaving well. It's been lonely. I've been thinking about home a lot. I really miss you. And him. When I saw Dad last, he talked about no regrets. "Don't pass up on fun" he said. "Don't run away from problems you should have faced up to". Today I'm going to see both of those things through. Later the serious stuff, but first - the fun. It was this mad idea we had, and it'll sort of be a way to get closer to him. One more for Curtis! Who's Curtis? Anyway, erm... I'll e-mail you the results. I love you. Oh. He seems nice. What is it? Why kill him? What is there to gain, hmm? What are we missing? The dean had one of these in her bag. Come to think of it, so did the professor. Drink? Corporate bumph for the Saint Marie Development Agency. Ah yes, it's been on the local news. They're trying to get people on side for oil rigs off the coast. Hmm, there's a lot of people against the project. That's Marcus Sweet. A local politician. He runs the agency. So Leo circled him, and put this brochure inside a book about conspiracies? Do you think this is what the meeting with the dean was about? Could be. Let's go check 'em out. I was thinking, why don't you stay at mine tonight? To see out the hurricane. Oh, no, no. No, thanks. I don't like the idea of you alone in that little wooden shack. There's going to be 80-mile-an-hour winds. You'll end up in a tree. Yeah, well the tree's already in the house, so no change there. I'm serious. It's not a good idea. Hello! Hello! They've probably gone home. Everyone else has. Honestly, if everyone in England crawled into a shelter every time there was a little bit of wind and rain, we'd never have had an empire. Come on. As part of our duties in times of hurricane, we sometimes go around checking people have the right kinds of locks and shutters. Whoa, whoa, whoa, Camille! What!? Poorly secured doors and windows cause more accidents in hurricanes than anything else. See? You've just violated several codes of practice. I will not be part of this. OK, fine. Let's wait 24 hours for a warrant. By then, the killer could have fled, could have destroyed evidence. Shh. We are paying for this to be secured. 'Word up. Hurricane Irma is due to hit the island early this evening. 'So be safe, people, batten down the hatches 'and move all loose street furniture inside. 'After all, you don't want a sun lounger flying through 'the window when you're listening to your favourite tunes. 'And here is one of mine.' This is a draft feasibility study of the oil platform project. Guess who their chief atmospheric consultant is? OK, so one of the key hurdles the company has to navigate is the environmental impact assessment. And Professor King pops up to say he's satisfied their deep-sea drilling rigs will survive a hurricane, and therefore pose no risk to the environment. Caribbean oil could be big business in the future. If Leo was going to put these deals in jeopardy, someone might want him out of the way. Yeah, but we still need something to prove a link to the university. That'll do. Inspector. May we come in? Er, yes. Yes, of course. I hope we're not interrupting anything? Not at all, just university business. And that's exactly what we wanted to talk to you about. Oh? Particularly your relationship with the Saint Marie Development Agency and its Caribbean oil project. I have nothing to hide. The university's budgets have been slashed of late. Thanks to Professor King, this is an important department doing important work and it needed saving. So I hustled and I schmoozed and yes, I managed to secure funding from the SMDA. At what price? It seems convenient that the SMDA keeps the centre open and your reports support their work. I am a man of science, inspector, not a corporate shill. Leo Downs had something important to discuss with the dean. Perhaps it was your involvement in the project? You're suggesting I'm corrupt? We're trying to find out the truth. As a scientist, inspector, so am I. Here are my notes and calculations regarding the proposed oil platform. If you take the time to read them, you'll see that my assertion that the platform is not only safe but would withstand a category five hurricane is both factually correct and proven beyond reasonable doubt. Do you believe him? I'll tell you when I've read this. What matters though is that if the dean already knew about his involvement in the oil project, which she clearly did, then he didn't have a motive to kill Leo. So it's another dead end. Hello? 'Hi, it's me. 'I managed to chase up the interim autopsy.' It confirms the death was a result of multiple blows to the head with a blunt instrument. But it also says that the X-rays showed a previous injury. A broken nose, apparently. Fairly recent. Did you call the hospital? Yes. And they said that Mr Downs came in about five weeks ago. He said it was the result of an altercation with another guy. Who? We were just messing about. This is the man you told me you didn't like. Now you're telling me that you were play fighting with him? Ah. Or maybe this is what you were fighting about? Amber Collins was your girlfriend? Yeah, we split up. Big deal. Why? Ask her. No, I'm asking you. She'd started hanging out with teacher's little pet. Leo? Couldn't have been easy for you, your girlfriend hanging out with a "speccy loser"? I haven't finished. Look, I didn't kill him, all right? OK, I didn't like him, but what would I gain from killing him? Nothing. Jenny's the one who's getting most from his death. She's the one who got second author, not me. Miss Cheung says she earned that position. Yeah, right She's useless. Even I'm better than her. Leo was onto her, too. In what way? Her step-dad's Marcus Sweet. The SMDA guy? They're funding the centre. Look, you're the detective, work it out for yourself! No, I'm not having this. I knew you'd jump to this conclusion. Everyone always does. Poor little rich girl can't achieve anything herself. Daddy has to have pulled the strings. When did you start work here? A year ago. Before or after the SMDA put up funding? After. And how did you apply for the job? Was there an advert or a...? OK! OK! Fine! My dad got me a bloody job here. Big deal. That little creep found out somehow, someone must have told him. And what happened? See, you're going to jump to all kinds of conclusions. This isn't fair. What happened, Miss Cheung? He wanted me thrown out. You're a fake. You don't deserve to be second. Well, I've got it, so get over it. Well, I'm going to do something about this. Drop dead, you whiny little toad. He wanted to destroy everything I've worked for. Following your interview with Damon Ryan, we have a possible motive of jealousy over Leo's relationship with Amber Collins. But was Miss Collins angry enough at being cast aside to want to kill him? Or was Leo mixed up in some sort of corporate conspiracy involving his professor? And finally, was it about ambition? One thing that's been curiously absent from all of this, is Leo's work. Hmm? Nothing on his computer, nothing in his room. Anyone else find that strange? Well, maybe his work is on the university computers. Could be. Where's his camera? And why did he have a rubber duck with him when he was murdered? What does "one more for Curtis" mean? I need to go to the university. What? To check the database for Leo's work. You know, maybe we're missing something, or you know, the reference or mention of this "Curtis". Sir, the reports are saying that everyone should stay where they are. Fidel's right, Chief. You shouldn't go out there. Leo Downs' mother has already lost her husband. Now she's lost her son as well. I'm not stopping for wind and rain. Excuse me, I won't be long. Richard Poole! OK, so, you wear a woolen suit in the sun, you ignore hurricanes... Where did you get this pig-headed streak from?! Are you sure you're not just a bit frightened of the hurricane? Actually, yes, I am. It's really starting to bite! It's just a bit of wind! And rain! Yes! Richard! Leave it, detective! Right, I'll check the computer. You see if you can find a locker in his name. Any hard copies of work he's submitted. And check the staff files too, yeah? See if you can find a Curtis associated with the unit. No. We've got about ten minutes before it gets too dangerous to drive back. We'd better hurry up then, hadn't we? Nothing. No locker, no-one called Curtis in any contact details in the office. I can't find any of Leo's work. I mean, literally nothing. It's as if Leo Downs never existed. We should go. Now! I don't think we're going anywhere. I found Leo's logging details and retrieved his browsing history. He watched a lot of internet videos. Oh, dear. No, not that kind of video, the popular ones. You know, sneezing panda, furious fat kid, skateboarding dog? OK, come on. This is a cool one. It's these college kids in the US. They fixed a camera and a toy man onto a weather balloon and sent it to the edge of space. 'There we go. Amazing.' Pause that a second. Leo had all the equipment to launch a weather balloon. Helium, balloons, radiosondes. What's a radiosonde? One of these, look. They contain the equipment that hangs below weather balloons. Leo said in his video he was going to do something fun that he and his father had talked about. Something to get him closer to his dad. In heaven. What if launching the duck was the mad idea? OK. So who's Curtis? OK, right, let's think about this logically. Where is a helium-filled weather balloon likely to go? Up. Yeah, for a while. But then when it reaches the upper atmosphere, the helium expands, the balloon bursts. So it'll come down. Right, where? On the island? More likely in the sea. Good. Yes, yes, the sea! Right, so do a search - er, sea, Curtis, duck. No way. In 1992, a container ship hit rough seas and several containers fell into the Pacific. In one of those containers were 28,000 bath toys. Oceanographer Curtis Ebbesmeyer saw a unique opportunity to track the ocean's currents using the ducks. So if this fellow landed in the ocean, it would be "one more for Curtis". That's really sweet. But how does it help? Well, Leo said he was going to e-mail the results to his mother. So, so he must have had some way of recording it? A camera. The camera! The camera was attached to the radiosonde, but the duck wasn't fixed properly. Maybe he didn't have a chance to secure it because he saw his attacker approaching. But Camille, what if the camera was recording? It might have caught something. Yeah. A glimpse of the killer. Their voice. The answer could be on that camera. Yes, but how are we going to find it? Right, the radiosonde emits a signal, yeah? When one of these receivers is in range... It'll pick it up. OK! But we've just said it will most likely be in the sea. Yeah, that is a problem. Er, right, look ... But what if it didn't make it to the sea? OK, Leo launched the weather balloon here. Right? The centre of the island. Erm, the prevailing wind was northerly, so in other words, blowing from the north. If it landed anywhere on land, it will be somewhere here. This, that's where we need to look. What? But you can't get out there now! Sir! Stop! Stop! You'll get killed. The camera! So? The answer, Camille! We'll have to wait. I can't! Well, stay safe. Yes, and how's your mother? No, no, I don't want to talk to her, no. Hi, hi, yes... Sorry I can't be there, erm ... No, I have to stay on shift just in case we're needed. Yes, but I know you'll take very good care of them for me. Hmm... Hello? Hello? Phones are dead. Yeah. Great. Now she's going to think I hung up on her. You know the best thing you can do now is sleep. Your brain needs rest before the exam. No, no, no. I can't, I've tried and it feels like I'm sleeping on duty. You know what, I think I'll do some more revision. This one is ice cold. Put it on your face, it'll help with the swelling. Ow. Yeah, I told you not to go out there. Look, there was a camera at the scene. Hmm? It could have recorded the murder or captured something. I think that's worth finding, don't you? Yes, just maybe not in the middle of a hurricane! It'll be getting wet. What if it's damaged? All we can do right now is what everybody else on this island is doing. Sit tight. It just feels like we're close. It will keep, there's nothing else we can do. Ow! Oh, come on. A case is like a tent. Ow! I was saying, a case is like a tent, Detective. There's always a corner you can peg out a little bit further to get the canvas that little bit tauter. Where did you get that one from? My Dad. Did he like camping? Hated it. A caravan man. Of course the analogy doesn't really work with a caravan. You can't peg a caravan out, can you? I suppose you could extend the legs... OK. Do you want some crisps? Where are you going to get crisps from? The vending machine. The electricity's off. I've got my own ways. No more criminal damage, Camille. I can't keep turning a blind eye. So you don't want anything? Fine. A bar of chocolate would be nice. Leave the money in that little coin rejecty thing. Did you get us stuck here on purpose just to use this giant whiteboard? It may have been at the back of my mind. Now, I know that one of these four did it. Despite what the photographic evidence might say, I know. One of them is lying about being at the compass point, but which one? And how do we prove it? Why am I doing this? Er, what if they had an accomplice? Someone who took the photographs while they committed the murder? What if they took the photos yesterday? The data correlates today's weather. They could have changed the reading, used an ice cube to cool the... You've been talking for two hours. Have I? Yes. Sorry. Sorry. Have you ever stayed in a caravan? Er, luckily my life's not hit those depths yet. It's what this reminds me of, you know? A rainy Saturday afternoon in a caravan, Dad watching the racing on a black and white TV. Mum boiling something to death on the little stove. Rain lashing the roof, the whole room swaying in the wind. Why do the British choose such depressing holidays to go on? Hey, I loved it. That smell, you know, that caravan smell. I tell you what, if you ever come to England, I'll take you to a caravan in Clacton for the weekend. I can't wait God, I suddenly feel homesick. I'm even missing my Dad. Good God, what's wrong with me! You know, I really should phone him. Is he like you? My Father? God, no. What's he like, then? Actually, my Dad was the reason I became a policeman. I suppose I could've been an academic like Leo, but, erm, he didn't think a knowledge of history brought that much of practical use to the world. So you wanted to keep him happy? Doesn't every child want to please their father? Don't ask me. I haven't seen mine for years. Oh. Sorry. If it's any consolation, I haven't had a decent conversation with my dad in about 20 years. Growing up, I was not unlike Leo Downs. Always on the periphery. Never really at the centre of things. I suppose that's why I like puzzles. Generally, they're things you can do on your own. But you don't have to any more. You have me. Yes, yeah, right. This is amusing you, isn't it? My discomfort? Yes. Well, at least you're honest about it. Well, you're...you're so pompous sometimes, I like it when you're just...human. So what about now? Do you think your Dad is proud of you? That's a difficult question to answer, really. Erm...you know, when I'm not around, I suspect he is. But, erm... When I'm there, I can almost feel the disappointment radiating off him. Maybe he just finds it hard to express his emotions. You must get it from somewhere. No, I think it's genuine disappointment. Look, I'm sorry if I'm a bit... You know. Don't be. Can you keep a secret? Yeah. I quite like it. And this was nice. Well, the Land Rover's here so they must be, too. Blood on the dustbin lid. Morning. Good morning. Sleep all right? Yes. Yeah, yeah, a little. It was a bit windy, but I'd hardly call it a hurricane, not like '87. You're right, it wasn't. Really? It missed us, skimmed past around 40 miles north-west. We're very lucky. Hmm. We went past your shack, it still took a bit of a battering, though. You mustn't tell anyone... Er, Camille! Er, Sergeant Bordey! Mmmmm...? Come on! No time for sleep! We are going balloon hunting. Take these and I will explain on the way. Come on! I swear, if one more person asks me if we can get the BBC on this... Stop! Stop! Stop! I've got something. Fantastic! Well, up you go, Dwayne. Hey, Dad! Big day today. I'm going to make you proud, you just watch. But first... Space duck! What do you want? It's the killer! Go away. It's over. The proof's safely hidden. What proof? Proof of what? No voice. No glimpse. No murderer. Oh, great, now we're back to square one. Yeah. Lines are back up. Honore Police Station. Juliet... Yes, hi... How was it? He had proof of something safely hidden. Why haven't we found it? We've been through his laptop, through the university system, his room, his locker. We didn't find anything. He must have hidden it somewhere else. Somewhere significant to him. Yes, put her on, I'd like to talk to her. Leo, West. Can we swap? I really need to be here. Mm-hm. Did you sleep through the storm? One hour? One hour. What a good girl you are. Daddy misses you, darling. Yes, I do. Hey, Dad! Fathers... This has all been about his Dad, hasn't it? That's where we need to look. What's going on? Police business! Ha! What is this? His work? This must be the hidden proof, right? Papers. Scientific reports. Charts. Equation. Hurricane modelling systems. If it's just university work, why's he hidden it? And why would someone kill for it? Wait. This looks familiar. Things are underlined, highlighted... OK, we know the killer must have changed the time code on their camera. Yes, but we don't know which one. Well, maybe we do... maybe the answer's been right in front of us all the time. Time! Wha...what time is it!? Just gone 11. Wait, don't do that ... Are you going to tell me where we're going? "Glory follows virtue as if it were its shadow." Er... Oh, for God... 300 days a year, you shine. Ten hours a day! And the one time I actually want you to shine, you go in! Thank you. Thank you for coming. Please, take a seat. I want to talk today about Leo Downs. The last thing he did on this earth was to diligently collect data from a weather station. Then to launch a weather balloon in remembrance of his father. While doing this, he was murdered... by someone in this room. To discover the truth, we had to go to all points of the compass. Literally. We found a scene that was staged. Everything pointed towards his assailant being one of his colleagues. Professor King was involved in a controversial scheme many people disapproved of. Then we had the jilted girlfriend, the ambitious rival and the jealous house mate. But how could any of you have done it? You were all miles away at the other weather stations. Proof came in the form of a series of photographs, very conveniently dated and timed. It didn't take a genius to work out that the killer had almost certainly re-set the clock on their camera to provide an alibi, but we had no way of knowing which one. Until now. Then there was motive - that was puzzling, too. Yes, there were petty squabbles within the unit, accusations of favouritism, affairs of the heart. But none of them felt like a strong enough motive for murder. Except one. Leo Downs had arranged to see the Dean, saying he had information that would blow the department apart. But what was it that he'd discovered? As the Dean already knew about the Professor's favourable report on the proposed oil platform, in fact she'd clearly encouraged it, it was unlikely to be that, so, what else could it be? And who would be willing to kill Leo in order to prevent him revealing whatever it was? We found the answer in his work. I think you'll find that's mine. Are you sure? I know my own work. Yes, I read your book. No mistakes. I was impressed. See, you can then imagine how surprised I was to find a manuscript, hidden on a memory stick - identical, virtually word for word. Yet written by Leo Downs. You see, Leo Downs was a brilliant meteorologist... he even predicted that the hurricane would miss the island by 40 miles to the North West - which indeed it did. You spent time with him so you could steal his work. And when he discovered what you were doing, you murdered him to protect your burgeoning reputation. You felt the net closing in. Encouraged by the Dean to promote the career of Jennifer Cheung to protect her funding, you knew that Mr Downs was reaching the end of his tether, that you would have to deal with him permanently. The hurricane provided the ideal opportunity. When you came to Saint Marie, you weren't going anywhere - your words. Somehow, miraculously, you bloomed into a meteorologist at the top of his profession. Books, visits to Yale and Oxford, lucrative consultancies for the likes of the SMDA. What happened? Was it the Saint Marie air? Or was it that you discovered a meek researcher whose brilliant ideas you could steal? You're not a Professor, Mr King. You're a plagiarist. A plagiarist and a murderer. That is a disgusting accusation. You have no understanding of how things work in the academic world. I understand what theft is. In academia, authorship is shared. Yours is the only name I see on the title page. There's no case to answer here. Plagiarism cases never stick. Students, researchers, they all imagine that they've done more work than they have. Is that what you told Mr Downs when he first confronted you? Plagiarism is abuse, Professor. It works in exactly the same way. You originally assigned Leo to the West station, didn't you? Leo, West. Out there he'd have been isolated... alone. A much easier prospect. Guaranteed not to be found till after the hurricane. But then he swapped. Damon! Can we swap? I've just got something to do, I need to be here. After Leo swapped with Damon, you knew you had to take a calculated risk and kill him here. You said you were going to the north weather station, but that was a lie. You went nowhere. You actually stopped your car just outside the perimeter and walked back. You waited until the time was right... Hi, Dad. Big day today, I'm going to make you proud. Just watch. But first... Space Duck. What do you want? Go away, it's over. The proof's safely hidden. You then staged the scene to make it look like hurricane damage. Your cunning scheme to make Mr Downs' death look like misadventure would most likely have worked had Mrs Hearst not come in... No! I was at the North weather station. Yes. And here is the photograph you took on the day of the murder. And here is one I took an hour ago. At the North weather station. Exactly the same position. Exactly the same time you say you took yours. But there's a difference, isn't there? One a lay person might not see, but one I'm sure a meteorologist would notice. Longer shadow. There's a longer shadow in the Professor's photograph. Can anyone estimate the time the professor's photograph was really taken? Earlier than 11.30. 8, 9am. You took your photograph before you came to work, leaving you free to murder Mr Downs. "Glory follows virtue as if it were its shadow". Dwayne, Fidel, do the admin. Good news, Fidel. The test centre's been blown away? No, no. Fully functional. Can't wait to see you. Your exam starts at 3.30. But I haven't slept. I don't know anything. You'll be fine. Yes, you go get them, tiger! Sir, Fidel will be all right, won't he? I don't know. You know what, maybe I'll just try again next year. I thought you said you weren't like your father. Hmm? A little encouragement? Oh! Erm, Fidel. For you. It's the one I took all my exams with. You've come on leaps and bounds lately. You've studied thoroughly - I've seen you. You're ready. Go get your stripes. Good luck, Fidel! A pencil? So? Did you phone your father? No, I'll call him later. We've just had a near miss with a major hurricane. Don't you think he's going to know that? We're on the other side of the world. And don't you think he checks the weather? He's English, right? You don't know my dad. Drinks all afternoon says he won't have a clue. Deal. Dad. Hello. How are you? Yeah, fine, yeah. No, no, it missed... Well, I mean a bit of damage, but nothing much... Oh, nothing like '87... no, no, yeah, the shed roof. I know, I told them here, they couldn't believe it. Bloody good turnout. It's all going marvellously. I know who did this. Who in their right mind rings up to make an appointment to commit murder? Can I take you out for a drink? Could we have a word, please? I THINK he just said I'm going back to London. Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 