Death in Paradise: Season 3, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Death in Paradise 
 s3e5 - Episode #3.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Death in Paradise (2011–…): Season 3, Episode 5 - Episode #3.5 - full transcript 
 Jacob Doran, the island's commerce minister, is found shot dead. He has written a suicide note but from the angle of the shot and the missing money from his safe Goodman believes he was murdered though his wife Charlotte, son Drew and secretary Theo find it hard to believe. Doran had recently had an affair with an aide, Lena Bell, which was leaked to the press. Lena is interviewed in the company of her godfather Marlon, who turns out to be the father who deserted Camille was she was six. Whilst Charlotte asks the police to keep her husband's serial adultery from her son drew reveals that Lena was his girlfriend before her affair with Jacob. Then the police discover that Jacob was involved in arms smuggling - which indirectly leads Goodman to solve the murder. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 It was a... a moment of madness. She was pretty and... ..I was a fool. Who was she? Some intern. When did this happen? Mum! I have a right to know. The conference in Mexico. I am going to have to resign. We shouldn't get ahead of ourselves. No, I'll have no choice. Let's see how the papers run with it tomorrow. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What about - "The Minister accepts full responsibility "for his actions..."? Darling, why don't you go to bed? I'm going to get some air. He'll be all right. Don't worry. Where have you been? OK, they're running it. Whoever leaked this was out to destroy me. You don't have to do this. I can resign now or I can wait to be sacked. Thank you all for your support. I've got a letter to write. Sir, are you all right? What was that? Oh, Jacob! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Dad? Dad! So, what do you think? Where is everything? Tidied away, Camille. Yes, but where, sir? "A place for everything, everything in its place." What brought this on? Oh, er, nothing. Sorry?! Come on, Chief. There's got to be a reason. OK, if you must know... Mm-hm. ..I got up this morning and I couldn't find my trousers. I know that feeling. Yes, very funny. And I realised - I never know where anything is. You have to control your environment or it controls you. Oh, you've bought a self-help book, haven't you? A tidy mind breeds a tidy... something-something, Camille. I think your desk is ringing, Chief. I seem to have lost my phone. Don't worry, sir, I'll get it. You've got to have a system or otherwise it's just mess. Right, hold on. Um, sir, there's been a shooting. It sounds like a suicide. So, the day a Government Minister's exposed as having an affair... He takes his own life. What do you know about him...? Er, not much. His name's Jacob Doran. What was he like? Very popular, charismatic - a great ambassador for the island. Any wife and kids? One wife, Charlotte, and one son, Drew, I think. So what d'you think our chances are of getting in and out of here without any interference from top brass? Detective Inspector. Ah, Commissioner, so pleased to see you. Sir! So, what have we got? Well, sir, I've spoken to Mr Doran's Press Secretary, Theo Frazier. He said he found the body at about 7am this morning. He shot himself in the chest and the gun's on the floor where he dropped it. Is there a note? Yes, there is. "..the shame I brought to my office, to my family, "the only honourable action I can take is to end my life." His handwriting? Looks that way. And this is the gun? Interesting - the serial number's been filed off, this is an illegal gun. I wonder where he got it from? We don't know. The safe's open... What's in it? Well, the wife said there should be a few thousand dollars in cash, but there's no money, and there's something else... ..the family kept their passports here. Here's the wife's one, here's the son's, but the Minister's passport is missing. Mmm, so... ..it's all a bit odd... What are you thinking? The Minister came in here, wrote the letter, got out his gun and then... pop? Yes, it's what it looks like, isn't it? But it's not what happened? Well, it's the bullet hole, sir. That's the problem. You see... in my experience, suicides rarely ever shoot themselves through their clothes. They put the gun muzzle against their skin like they want to make sure they don't miss. It's macabre, but it's one of those things... ..whereas this bullet's gone through a thick jacket, some old notes from a speech, it would appear, a shirt and a vest. Fidel, swab the, er, Minister's hands for gunshot residue? I want to see whether he's fired the gun at all. Yes, sir. Then search the grounds outside. See if there's any evidence of an intruder. Um, sir. Hmm? If he didn't take his own life, how come there was a suicide note? Well, maybe he was forced to write it or it's a fake, but I don't think this is a suicide. It's just been staged to look like one. If you ask me, this is murder. May I introduce Detective Inspector Humphrey Goodman and Detective Sergeant Camille Bordey. Hello. I'm sorry for your loss, this must be a terrible time for you all, but we do have to ask a few questions. Of course. I understand that you were the only people in the house when Mr Doran died. It was just the four of us. All night. And, er, no-one else arrived and no-one else left? That's right. No, it's not. Dad went for a walk, didn't he? You're Mr Doran's son, I take it. Drew? So could you tell us, um, when this walk was? It was 3am. Jacob said he needed some air. Did anyone see where he went? I was worried, so I went after him, um, but he'd gone into the garden and it was dark. I'm sorry. I don't know where he went, but he was gone about an hour. I remember the clock striking four as he got back. Do any of you know where Mr Doran got the gun from? No. I mean, Jacob hated guns. Er, did he perhaps keep a gun in the safe? The safe just contains family documents and money. And yet someone's emptied it of money and taken Mr Doran's passport. Er, which brings me to this morning. Where were you all when you heard the gunshot? I was up here on my own. And did you see anyone come or go from the study before or after the gunshot? No. I didn't see anyone arrive or leave before I got there. Um, who was next to arrive? It was me. And, er, where were you beforehand? I was downstairs. After Jacob went to write his note, I just, um, stayed in the living room. And Drew was with you? No. He'd gone to bed. You were on your own as well? Yeah. So to be clear - you were all in different parts of the house at the time of death and not one of you can alibi anyone else? We don't need to alibi anyone. Mr Doran took his own life. Yes, of course, Um, I can see where you're coming from with that, but, um... We think Mr Doran was murdered. No. That can't be. I'm sorry, but it looks like that may well be the case. Yes, um, and so we're sort of obliged to ask, um, the story in this morning's papers about Mr Doran's affair, um, is that... is that true? So there were only four people in the house all night. But no-one leaves at any times - except for one hour when Jacob goes for his walk. And at the precise moment he's murdered, not one of them is in sight of anyone else. Meaning any one of them could be our killer. But if one of them was the killer...? Then how did they kill the victim and then get out of the study without anyone noticing? It goes without saying, but with a Government Minister dead, well, if you need my help, you only have to ask. Chief! You'd better come and see this. What is it? Well, we had a good look around the place, no sign of any break-in, but Fidel's found some tyre prints. It's from a motorbike or a moped. Why is that of interest? Well, sir, we checked and the family don't own one, but also it rained quite heavily last night. Up until about 11pm. Yes, so if we can see these tracks... Then the bike must have been driven up here since then. Meaning there weren't just four people up here last night. There was a fifth person. What are the chances of tracking this bike down? It isn't going to be easy, you know, Chief. There are hundreds of bikes on the island and I reckon about five of them have paperwork. Fidel, I'd like casts of these tyre tracks, please. Yes, sir. And Dwayne, get Theo to take you to the Ministry. We need Jacob's laptop and personal papers. Yes, Chief. That just leaves you and me, Camille. What was the name of the woman Jacob had his affair with? Lena Bell. Lena Bell. Let's go and find out how she fits into the story. I still can't believe it. Can you tell us... how did you end up working for the Ministry of Commerce? I applied for an internship there last year. I enjoyed it. It felt important and I liked the work. So what happened? There was a trade conference in Mexico. Mr Doran asked me to go with him... as his aide. I got to be in the room where decisions were made and I think I did a good job. He told me I did when we went for dinner to celebrate that night. When we got back to the hotel, he ordered champagne to his room,. said we deserved a nightcap... so I went with him. He seduced you. The next day, I felt so ashamed. The moment I got back to Saint-Marie, I resigned and that was three weeks ago. Where have you been since yesterday evening? I haven't left the house, if that's what you mean. I haven't dared to. Do you know who told the newspaper about your affair? I've no idea. Was it you? Why would I do that? Sometimes money to be made in stories like these. It wasn't me. Is there anyone else who can confirm that you've not left the house since yesterday? My godfather's been staying with me. Marlon! Oh! Here. Marlon, it's the police. I'm from St Lucia originally. When my family heard I was going to be in the papers, Marlon was on the first flight out here. Sure was. I'm Detective Inspector Humphrey Goodman. This is DS Bordey. Camille? Marlon? From St Lucia? You, er... Do you know each other? Not really. It was a long time ago. Oh. OK. Well, there we are, then. So, um... Mr...? Croft. Mr Croft, er... when did you get to the island? Three days ago. And you've been here the whole time? OK, right, um, Camille do you have any...? No, OK, back to me. So, um, and since yesterday, you've both been in the house? We stayed up late last night. We worried what the papers was going to say but by 2am, I said, "Enough." So I sent Lena to bed, lock up and went to bed myself in the spare room at the back. I see. So, er, just to satisfy my curiosity, do either of you own a motorbike? I'm only here a few days, I've hired no vehicle. OK, well, that all seems pretty satisfactory. Er, do you have any...? No, course you don't, otherwise you would have asked them already. OK, thank you for your time. Right, er, so, er, I'm not one to pry or anything, and I loathe the word but I couldn't help but notice a bit of a "vibe" back there. How do you mean? Well, you know, between you and Lena's godfather. Look, if you do have a history with a witness, I kind of have to know. I think Marlon back there is my father. What?! Blimey! Camille? I was hoping, you know, if I saw you again, it wouldn't be like this. You're looking well. I'm only here for a couple of days, helping Lena, and then I'm on the first plane out. I know. You said. Chief. Dwayne. Ah, sir, I've got the tyre tracks here. It looks like the bike was a moped. Excellent. Good work, Fidel. And I've got the Minister's personal files from his office and his laptop. Jolly good. Is everything all right, sir? Yes, well, I don't know. Lena Bell's got her godfather staying with her and you'll never guess who it is. Who is he? Camille's father. He's on the island? Yes, and I rather get the impression they don't get on. Yes, um, Camille doesn't really talk about her dad. Really. What happened? That maco? You know, he walked out on her and her mother when she was a kid. Yes, and I don't think she's seen him since. Yes, I see. That would explain a lot. Hello, Camille. Maman, he's here. Who is, darling? Marlon. Marlon Croft. Sorry, your father is on the island? Yes. He was looking for you? Don't worry. He's not here for me - or you, I don't think - it's just bad luck. Are you OK? Yes. You spoke to him? Yes, but I'm fine, honestly. So what did you talk about? He just said he was on the island to help his goddaughter... Oh. ..and she's the woman Jacob Doran had an affair with. Whatever reason that man's on the island, it won't be to help his goddaughter. Hmm. Hmm? Nice and neat, please, Dwayne. Nice and neat. Sir? Yes. The suicide note. It's definitely the victim's handwriting. Ah, well, maybe he was forced to write the note. You know, "Write the note or we shoot you. "Oh, thanks for the note. Now we shoot you." I know but that's the thing. You see, Jacob used a fountain pen, right? So if he'd been forced to write this, there'd be spots of ink, there'd be palm smudges. Look, the letter formation, it remains consistent throughout. There's nothing rushed or forced about this letter at all, sir. It's the real deal. So Jacob wrote the suicide letter? Yes. Hmm. Ah, Camille... you OK? Of course. Why shouldn't I be? Ah, no reason. Just thought I'd ask. So! What have we..? Let's have that there. No, that's not quite right. There we go. There. Ah, perfect. So... Jacob Doran, Saint-Marie's Minister of Commerce, sleeps with one of his interns, Lena Bell. Was this his first affair? Er... But when I spoke to Theo, he kind of admitted that Jacob had a string of women over the years. Really? Can we get back to the...? He also said that Jacob made sure his family never found out. In my experience, the wife always knows. In which case, the wife's got a motive. Yes, but we're not doing motive yet. OK, everything in order. So, as I was saying. Jacob and Lena have their affair. How did the newspaper find out about it? You know what I think? Only a few people could have known about the affair and one of them must have been Marlon. You think he sold out his own goddaughter to the media? If there was money to be made from it, it would explain what he's doing on the island. Do you think we might be able to get the Commissioner to lean on the paper? It's worth a try. Dwayne... I'm on it, Chief. So, once the Minister knows the story's about to break, he tells his Press Secretary, his wife and his son. And they all stay up together all night. Except for one hour at 3am when Jacob goes for a walk on his own. That's right, which is when he may have met the person who rode up to the house on the bike. As dawn rises, Jacob goes to his study and writes a suicide note, which we believe is real, but before he can kill himself, his murderer shoots him dead. With an illegal pistol, sir, that's had its serial number filed off. No, quite right. And don't forget, sir, the killer also emptied the safe of cash and the Minister's passport. That's right! He did. And none of it makes any sense. It doesn't? No, because if Fidel is right and the suicide note is real, why does the killer need to kill a man whose already in the process of killing himself? OK, thank you very much. The Commissioner's going to see what he can do. Good. Then I'd like you to find the bike that was up at the house in the middle of the night. There's every chance that the rider is our killer. Right, Chief. And Fidel, if you go through Jacob's laptop and files - See if you can find anything for us... Yes, sir. ..which just leaves you and me, Camille. Now I think we need to talk to Charlotte again, because if Jacob was a serial adulterer, there's every chance that this was the affair that pushed her over the edge. Gosh. What a lovely dress. It was such a happy day... Yes, it looks like it. Um... ..how long were you married? 31 years. Wow. Are you married? No. Yes, I am. Well, I mean... Sorry, I'm not, although actually, of course, I am. It's complicated. Do you remember your wedding day? Oh, God, no way I'd forget it. I had shooting pains down my right arm, the stress of being in the centre of attention like that, the cake, the walking up the aisle, er, while also being profound, of course, and extremely moving. I thought I didn't have to worry about anything ever again. We were husband and wife, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, until death do us part. Mrs Doran, as far as you know, was this your husband's first affair? The first time was awful, but I'd just had Drew and I had to make a decision - to leave Jacob, the father of my child... ..or turn a blind eye to his infidelity. And you're OK with that? When you're married to a successful man like Jacob, you have to make allowances. So why didn't you tell us this before? Because Drew doesn't know about the other affairs... ..and I don't want him to find out. He idolised his father. We'll be as discreet as we can. Then all I ask is that you catch my husband's killer... ..cos I want to see who did this behind bars for a very long time. Um, thank you. So what do you think? Could Charlotte be our killer? I don't know. I think she loved Jacob. And if she's always known about the affairs...? And if Theo's always known about the affairs...? Then the news would have only been a surprise to Drew that night. But, then, if you caught your dad having an affair, you wouldn't kill him, would you? Depends on what kind of relationship you had with your father. Ah, yes, yes. Um... ..so, if you don't mind me asking, that is, if it's not too personal, which it is, frankly... Look. There's nothing to tell, OK? My mother and Marlon only were together a few years. They had me. Marlon never came to terms with being a father. Anyway, when I was six years old, he walked out on both of us, moved to St Lucia and, er, I've never seen him since. Right. That's tough. Thank you. I've always had my mother. Right. So, just to calibrate, you don't think Marlon's the murderer? I can't answer that. I don't know him. So you haven't sold a moped in the last few weeks? OK, if you hear any different any time soon, let me know, you see. Oh. I'm going to find this bike if it kills me, you know? Biscuit? You trying to ruin my figure, Chief? OK, so the pathologist's report is in. Jacob was killed by a single shot to the heart fired at point-blank range. The bullet was a .38 calibre, fired by the gun we found at the scene, only the victim's fingerprints were found on it. Suggesting it was suicide. Yes, but the swabs Fidel took from Jacob's hands showed no traces of gunshot residue on them anywhere. So, Jacob didn't fire the gun. Yes, but he was shot. So the killer must have put the gun in Jacob's hand to make it look like suicide, and that is a biscuit to me. So, Camille, what have you got....? Sorry. So sorry. What... what do you have there? The witnesses' phone records have come in. Mm. Sir? Yes. I went through Jacob's files last night, but as I fired up his computer, I discovered that someone had removed the hard drive. Now, according to Jacob's secretary, the only person who could remove that drive is Jacob himself. Really? Yes. Jacob kept his laptop under lock and key when he wasn't there, but don't worry - I got the IT department to put this together for me. And what's on that? A copy of every document the Ministry's created in the past four years. A copy of all the files on Jacob's laptop are on here... somewhere. But that means Jacob was destroying evidence the day before he was killed. Why? So we have a wife, a son... ..the young lover, the young lover's godfather, a press secretary, and a victim who was in the process of killing himself. Who is the killer? Sir, I think I may know. You do? It's Lena's phone records. Look, she's been dialling the same number two or three times a day. Going back six months. Who was she calling? Easy, it's got to be Jacob. It'll be during the, er, "sexy texts" stage of their relationship, you know. Er, no, it's not Jacob - but you're close. Drew, what is this? In that case, um, could you hand over your phone, please, because I'm pretty sure it still has plenty of texts from Lena on it? Your phone, please. You don't need my phone. You're right. Me and Lena met in a bar last year, hit it off, you know, started seeing each other. You didn't tell me. Yes, because I don't tell you everything. I'm not a child any more. She wanted a career in politics, I knew I could help. How? I told her to apply for an internship in Dad's department. Did your father know she was your girlfriend? Didn't even know we knew each other. When did you discover he'd slept with her? When she got back from Mexico. She told me. And how did that make you feel? I was sick. I couldn't believe it. And then...? Well, I was angry. With Lena? Yes, but it wasn't her fault, not the way she told it. It was Dad - he seduced my girlfriend. Why do you think Lena didn't tell us any of this? She was probably trying to protect me. And why didn't you tell us? Because I had nothing to do with my dad's suicide. You still think your father killed himself? Have you found a single piece of evidence that categorically proves he didn't? I knew it. Jay! Jay! Vinny. Is that your bike? Hold it. Lovely. So, Drew has known about Lena for weeks. Yes. So he could have been planning the murder ever since he found out about Mexico. Yes, but how would he know that Jacob was going to commit suicide that night? No, good point. And why even bother going through with killing a man when he was going to kill himself anyway? Good morning, team. How's the case going? Well, sir, it's all good in some respects and then, in other respects, it is less good. On balance? It is pretty heavily weighted on the "less good" ' side of the seesaw, sir, but it's early days yet. Did you get anywhere with the newspaper, sir? I spoke to the paper's editor who point blank refused to reveal his source. The only thing he would tell me was that the story came from someone "close to Jacob". OK, but, um, if they're close to Jacob, then it... it could be Charlotte or Drew or Theo... ..or Lena, even. Yes, you're right - they're all pretty close to Jacob. In fact, the only one it couldn't be is Marlon. Fidel! Oh. Commissioner. Dwayne. How d'you get on? Any progress? A little, but it can wait, though. Not at all - we're all ears. But it's just that I'd rather not... No, tell us who is our mystery man on the bike and soon-to-be prime suspect in the murder. It's my father, isn't it? I'm sorry, Camille. Marlon borrowed a bike the day before the murder. He then returned the bike to the owner yesterday afternoon. I've checked the bike's tyres against the casts Fidel took from the scene. It was your father who was up at the victim's house on the night of the murder. So we'd better find out why he's been lying to us. Sir. Oh, Chief... Yes? There was something else. Really? When I was asking around, I heard a rumour that maybe Jacob was a little bit too close to a local businessman - a guy called Desmond Colbert. Who's he? He owns a rum distillery. It's been rumoured that he's got links to the underworld, but nothing's ever been proven. CAR HORN BEEPS Ah, right. Um, sorry, but if I don't go now, she'll go without me. You know what she's like, sir... Fiery! Go, Inspector. Look, it's not like you think. Then how is it? Mr Croft, we can prove that the bike you had access to was up at Jacob's the night he got killed. So you've got two options. One, tell us the truth. Or two, we can arrest you on suspicion of murder. She's got a point. Man, all right, I admit it. I was at the dead guy's house. But I was gone long before any shooting started. Why should we believe any word you say? All right, I'll tell you. So I sent Lena to bed, like I told you, at 2am. But you're right. I lined up the bike first. Not sure if I was going to use it. But the more I thought about it, the more I reckoned, this is Jacob's fault. I wanted to put the squeeze on him. Sort out some compensation for Lena. You mean, demand money with menaces? Remind him of his obligations. You went up there in the middle of the night? It was for Lena. It mattered. What time d'you get there? A bit before 4am, Jacob was already up. He was in the garden. Was there anyone else with him? No. He was on his own. Looked like he'd come back from the beach. So I told him he owed Lena for what he'd done to her. To be honest, I got the feeling he'd agree to anything just to get rid of me. So he took me inside the house. Did anyone else see you while you were inside? No. He made sure of that. What is this? One moment, Lena. What happened next? I waited outside the study. He went in and came out with a cheque. He didn't give you cash? It was a cheque. Was there anyone else in the study with him? I couldn't see. Once I got the money, I was on the bike and I was out of there again. I don't understand. You were at Jacob's house? Sure. Marlon here was getting you some money. How much was it? What money? Now hold on! I was waiting for the right moment... Your mum wants you home, so I got Jacob to give me some money to cover your flights. What time was Jacob killed? 7am. So, you should know. At 7am, I was at the airport - it's when the desk opened - buying my goddaughter a return flight ticket to St Lucia. OK, well, thank you very much for that. Marlon was definitely at the airport buying a plane ticket at the exact same time Jacob was being murdered on the other side of the island. And the bank say that he paid the cheque into his account at 9:06am that morning. And Jacob had thousands of dollars in his safe, so we're told - so why did he write Marlon a cheque? Why not just pay Marlon with the cash in the safe? It's bizarre, it's... cheque, cash, cash, cheque... OK. We can strike Marlon from the investigation, he is not our murderer. Fidel, d'you get anywhere with the data from the Ministry's hard drive? Well, sir, I've isolated as many of the documents connecting Jacob to the rum trade as I could find. Bills of lading or export licenses and so on. There's about 500 that I've printed out already 500?! Yeah, but don't worry, sir. Juliet's cooking up a fearsome roti and kalalu tonight. The plan is for Dwayne and me to split this in two and go through it together. Really? No! That is what I told him, Chief. He'll be working through the files and I'll be working through the roti, the kalalu and beer. Yeah, probably. Ha, right, er, well, it's, er, it's getting late. Let's, um, knock off tonight and pick this up again tomorrow. And, um, Camille. Mm-hm. You, um... fancy a drink maybe? Bite to eat? No. Or if it's, er, it's fun you're after, there's always um... travel battleships. I beg your pardon? Guerre bateaux, as you probably call it. Oh! Although, I, I lost a submarine a couple of weeks ago, um, it shouldn't matter so much. It's, er, essentially just a pen and paper game, we could draw up a couple of grids and... No, no, no, no. Thank you. I... I'll go home. Camille...? What are you doing on the island? I told you. I'm here to help Lena. I don't believe you. Why don't you believe me? Because I know what you're like. You've not seen me for 25 years and you know exactly what I'm like? I've heard the stories. From your mother, you mean? Yes. Camille, I think about you every day. I've even written you letters. I haven't posted them but they're written. Then why haven't you sent them? Be... Because it was easier not to? I don't know what your mother told you. But you should know the truth. My being out of your life, I was only doing as I was asked. What she asked of me... How's the new organised regime going? Oh, it's made all the difference, Catherine. A place for everything, and, er, everything in its... place. I just need to learn where those new places are. Ah! Oh, Camille - a drink? No. Camille? I need to ask you something. What? What is it? Because I don't want to take his side. Whose side? What's going on? Marlon told me he didn't leave us when we were in St Lucia. You walked out on him, and that's why the two of us moved back here. It's a lie, isn't it? He's lying? Well, I... I... You walked out on him? It was you that walked out on him? Camille, I can explain... It's yes or no, Maman. Did you walk out on my father? Camille... Camille? Keep the change. Camille, just hold on a moment! What? I just wanted to know if you were OK? She has lied to me my entire life. Ah, yes, I gathered as much, but, um, maybe you should go back... I don't want to hear what she has to say. OK. We could go for that drink, in another bar of course. I mean, if you want to talk about it. Or not? That also works. Good night, Humphrey. Ah! Morning, Camille! Morning, sir. So I was just wondering... What? Are you, er, are you OK? Of course I'm OK. OK! Listen, just make sure you call us as soon as the boat has docked, OK? All right. Er, what's going on? Well, Chief, it took us most of the night, but the answers were in the files, just like you said. What have you found? First, we didn't see anything because there's nothing illegal about the outward shipments of rum from the island, but it's what gets imported back into Saint-Marie that's interesting. It is? Yes, because every time a boat comes to the island it's full of cotton or timber or whatever's being imported from wherever it's been to. But every time a boat comes from South Africa, there are always four crates for delivery to a company called Burwick Trading. Who are Burwick Trading? They're a local company with no apparent income, no head office, no staff - but they do have one owner. Who is it? Jacob Doran - our recently-deceased Minister for Commerce. It looks like he's been illegally importing goods from South Africa. Fantastic. Great work, guys. What's he importing? We don't know, sir, but the next delivery to Burwick Trading arrives in port today. And when we impound it, we'll finally find out what this case is really all about. Yes, and why the killer wanted to kill someone who was already in the process of killing himself. Yes. Ah, er, Camille... I'm just asking for a chance to explain. When you were three, Marlon got a job in St Lucia. We went with him. And we were happy. After a while it was the same old Marlon, came and went as he pleased. He couldn't hold down a job. I put up with his ways for so long. Then, one morning, he took you to the beach. By nightfall, he still hadn't come back. I was going frantic. Eventually I found you... on your own. Marlon was in a bar nearby, playing cards. He had forgotten he had you with him. It was the day I realised he couldn't be a father to you. So I brought you back home. To Saint-Marie. It was what I thought was best for you. We need to go to the port. OK, so the boat is here but the crates for Jacob's company are not getting unloaded, they're staying on board. Why's that? I don't know but the next port of call is Mexico. Which is where Lena went with Jacob. Yes, it was, wasn't it? Forget about Lena, it's not about her. How do you know? Because look who's about to get on board. Good morning, Mr Frazier! What are you doing here? I think we could ask you the same question. Police, we're boarding your boat! Honestly, I have no idea what is down there. Dwayne. Dwayne. Ohh! Ti mal. I know this looks bad. You have no idea. Well, I reckon we know where Jacob got his handgun from now, eh? Yes, aye. Yes, ay... I'd say that was excellent. For a long time, I've suspected Jacob was using his position in the Ministry to carve out some kind of sideline. A few months back, I discovered Burwick Trading was owned by him. He was up to something illegal, but I couldn't prove it. So you decided to deal with him another way. At the very least, Jacob had to be removed from power, so when I discovered he had another one of his affairs... So you were the person close to Jacob who went to the newspaper? I promise you, if I'd known he was gun-running, I would have come straight to you. So when I came down here, I was trying to get the boat impounded. It's true, sir. The harbour master says Mr Frazier's been trying to get him to call the police - he suspected this boat contained contraband. Right, everyone, what does this mean? It means Jacob Doran was a criminal. Yes, the kind of criminal you want to kill. Who knew about the gun-running? Can we believe Theo when he said he didn't? I don't know but if Theo really didn't know about it, then maybe nobody did. Yes, well, we're so close - we have to be! Why was he killed? Camille...? What? Um... Um, can I just say something? Look, I know it's none of my business, so you're welcome to tell me to shut up, or butt out, although God knows what "butt out" actually means... Anyway, um, the point is, I have no idea what your mum said to you, or what she's like, really. I've only been on the island a short while - but, erm, I do know what you're like, I think, a bit, and I just want to say that you couldn't have been more welcoming to me. You're kind, you're warm-hearted, funny, forgiving - and God knows you have to be forgiving to work with me. Um, but the, ah, the thing is, is that whatever problems you have with Catherine, don't accuse her of being a bad mother because from where I'm standing, I'd say she's done a pretty fantastic job. Hold on. Sir? Yes. If Jacob was a crook, then that changes everything, doesn't it? Yes, it certainly does. So who killed him, then? Well, let's start with what we know. For example, I think we now know why he had an illegal gun to hand. It belonged to Jacob. Which means his murder was never really about the affair, was it? It was about gun-running, plain and simple. Which might also explain why he was killed, even though he was going to kill himself anyway. Do you think it was an execution? Well, maybe it was a message, you know. You step out of line, you're going to get killed. Yes, which also explains why he didn't want us looking at the hard drive. The only person who could remove that drive is Jacob himself. It contained evidence of his arms dealings. And why the bullet went through the clothes. It was murder. And why there were tyre tracks. Because Marlon was up there that night. So we are left with the suicide note, Jacob's night-time walk and the theft of the cash and passport from the safe. Oh, but the cash is easy. If you see the cash, you take it. But why also take the victim's passport? All I can think is that you want to impersonate him. But everyone knows what Jacob looks like, you'd never get away with it. The only person who could possibly use that passport is Jacob. And he can't use it because he is dead. Wait a minute... Or could he? Sir?! But we know he was going to commit suicide, so what does that mean? That goes there. Ah, and there... that's impossible. That goes there. Passport... ha! So that explains why he wiped his hard drive and the illegal gun, yes! And the bullet through the clothes, and the tyre tracks, but not the 3am walk. No, of course, the 3am walk. And that finally explains why! You know, don't you? You've got ink on your shirt. And you've made a serious mess of that board. I think it suits you, Chief. You're right. You are bloody well right. That's better. Right, I think we've got a killer to catch... just as soon as I've changed my shirt. So how do you want to play this? By, um, going to the beach. What? Why? There's something we've got to find. I think it was better when he was trying to be neat and tidy. No, Dwayne. There's a method in his madness. There's got to be. Mind you, I'm not saying he's not mad, OK? I'm just saying there's a method to it, that's all. Look mad to me. He says he doesn't need any help. Oh, he needs help, all right. Medical help. Ah! And he wouldn't tell you what he was looking for? He just said he wanted it to be a surprise. No way? Found it! What is it? Hold on. One moment and you'll be able to see. Yeah, we saw that. How the hell did you know that was there? Come on, you all knew there'd be a bag buried on the beach, you must have done? Sure! Go on, Officer. Open it. No, no, no, no, You do it. Oh, I don't need to. I already know what's in it. Open it up! Hold on! Method to the madness! Thank you all for joining us. You've found out who killed Dad? We have. Marlon, we know you came here that night... ..but by the time Jacob was killed, you were on the other side of the island buying your plane tickets. Which also puts you in the clear, Lena. After all, there was only one set of tyre tracks up to the house that night - and they belonged to Marlon. So you didn't kill him either. And then there were three. You see, the key to this case has always been the riddle at the heart of it. Why did the killer kill a man who was already in the process of killing himself? It's, it's bizarre. But as in a lot of riddles, the answer, in the end, was quite simple. He wasn't killing himself. Well, he was. We saw the letter. Fidel? The suicide note was real enough. But it was also fake. That's not possible. Oh, it's possible, it's just a little paradoxical... ..but then, in the end, no more puzzling than the other paradoxes in this case. For example, why was it Jacob's press secretary who gave the story of his boss's infidelity to the newspaper? It was you? I had no choice. But why? He, he was a good man. Apart from the affairs? Yes. Apart from the affairs. And the gun-running? What are you talking about? You really didn't know? Know what? Your husband was an illegal arms dealer. No! He was importing guns from South Africa and shipping them to Mexico. It's true, Charlotte. I've seen the evidence with my own eyes. Theo's right. He wanted Jacob removed from power, but you'd already achieved that by the time the article about his affair had been published, so you didn't kill him either. And then there were two. Doting wife, loyal to the last. And a young son who'd just been betrayed when his father had slept with his girlfriend. See, that's what I realised about this earlier today - this case was never about Jacob's affair, or his gun-running - not directly anyway. I didn't kill him! You're right. You didn't kill him. It was your mother. Charlotte, you killed Jacob Doran. No! I told you. I stood by Jacob our whole marriage - despite the affairs. And that's why he had to die. Because that night you discovered that you may have stood by your husband, but he wasn't going to stand by you. Was he? We found your husband's bag on the beach. It's the bag that tells us his suicide note was fake. While also being real. And only you could have worked it out. Only you went after him when he went for his walk. You didn't lose him, like you told us. You followed him. I think you sensed that Jacob was up to something. So you followed him down to the beach which is where you saw him burying the bag in the sand. You didn't know what was in it. But you were going to find out. Once Jacob left, you dug up the bag and found clothes, money, passport and a gun. All the things he'd need to carry out his plan. Which was quite simple, really. With the publication of his affair, Jacob knew his days as a minister were numbered. How long before his replacement discovered that Jacob had been abusing his position in the Ministry and dealing in illegal weapons? So he decided to fake his own death and skip the country. First, he placed a bag with everything he'd need to run away. And then he wrote a note, telling the world he was going to commit suicide. He then planned to go down to the beach where he'd undress and step into the sea, so it would look like he'd swum out into the ocean to his own death. When in reality, all he had to do was swim further along the beach to where he planted his bag. And get dressed in the clothes he'd placed there earlier. Meaning he was now free to leave the island, or no doubt on the next boat he could get to his gun-running friends in Mexico. Not that you knew the specific details, I'm sure, but you got the general drift. Jacob was abandoning you. And after all those decades you'd stood by him. While he'd concentrated on his career rather than you. After all the affairs and now it was him who was running out on you. You weren't prepared to let that happen. They're running it. So you made a plan. When you came back from the beach that night, you brought something with you. Your husband's gun. So as you told us, you believed in your marriage vows. You were husband and wife. Together. Forever. Till death do you part! But when you killed him, you knew you only had seconds to set the scene. Your son was in his room... Theo was on the veranda. They'd both have heard the gunshot. So how did you escape without being seen? This is what we realised - we don't think you did. Because, in the confusion, who would notice if you had entered the room through the door, or from behind it? Dad! I'm sorry. Please. Thank you. But I'm going to stay on the island a bit longer, I think. Right, erm, I think I'll just... yes. You know, I'm glad I finally got to meet you. You are? All my life, you've been like a spectre. A shadow hanging over me. And now I'm not? Now I know exactly who you are. Camille, I should have done more. You did just enough. You left me to be raised by mother - and that's the best gift you could have given me. I want to give you something. What is it? It's my address. In St Lucia. Maybe one day...? You write to me. Then we'll see. Man alive, that is what I call getting a round in. Come on, Chief, it's thirsty work catching criminals, you know. Camille! Camille, you have to believe me, I only ever wanted to do what was best for you. You did. I did? You did the best for me every day of my life. Oh! You know what, Catherine? In your bar, I feel positively French. You do? Yes, so I think it only right that we celebrate your culture in the only way I know how. This is not French. What could be more French than French cricket? What....? Catherine, you're too short for a long leg! Oh, thank you! And you're too long for a short leg. Fidel! I want you at extra cover on the boundary but look sharp, I want you in on the one. Yeah, OK! And what am I supposed to do? Just hit it. Don't worry - it takes time for even the best players to get their eye in. Allez. Ready? Yes, sir! Play! That's a six, Chief. That is not a six! What?! It hasn't even hit the ground. Are you serious? I can still catch it! Where you going? No! Yes! No! Yes! Howzat! So have you ever seen a Bonelli's eagle, Alec? It's OK to say no. Someone should teach him some manners. Yes. They probably should. It's Mr Talbot, he's going without you! He's trying to see the Green first. Oh! The world of... bird watching may be slightly more cut-throat than one might assume. So you said you had a date tonight? What does he do for a living? Models swimwear. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 