Death in Paradise: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Death in Paradise 
 s2e4 - Episode #2.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Death in Paradise (2011–…): Season 2, Episode 4 - Episode #2.4 - full transcript 
 A team comes to the island looking for the fabled treasure of the pirate Leclerc. Group leader Daniel Morgan is injured in an explosion and another member Ian parks shot dead in Daniel's tent. Poole believes Daniel was the intended victim,especially when he survives another 'accident'. However,learning that Parks seemingly found the treasure and marked it with grid reference PD46 on a map Poole wonders if Daniel killed him and faking the attempts on his life. He changes that view after Daniel is murdered but finds the motive for the double slayings had nothing to do with treasure but that PD 46 was another commodity worth killing for. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The true pirates of the Caribbean were feared by all, and the most terrifying of them all was Francois Le Clerc. Le Clerc had a black heart. It was said by those who knew him that he needed no more reason to kill a man than a change in his mood. His ship bore Le Clerc's flag. It struck terror into the hearts of all who saw it. Now, in the summer of 1563, heading home from the Azores, Le Clerc and his crew came across the Spanish galleon San Cristobal. But they soon found themselves fighting not ordinary merchant seamen 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 but the personal guard of King Phillip II of Spain. ARTEFACTS CLATTER Sorry. Carry on. CHURCH BELL TOLLS Though he finally won the day and found a huge shipment of gold, Le Clerc took heavy losses and was himself badly wounded. He was forced to take refuge here, in Sainte-Marie. However, neither the treasure nor Le Clerc was ever seen again. Some people believe the treasure is still buried here, somewhere on the island. The treasure is said...to be cursed. Cursed by Le Clerc himself. BRANCH SNAPS 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It is said that whoever disturbs the treasure that bears his blood will then join him... in hell. TROPICAL BIRD CALLS OUT IN SHORT, SHARP TWEETS BRANCH SNAPS BIRD WINGS FLUTTER WATER DRIPS WATER TRICKLES AND DRIPS WINGS FLAP ALARM BEEPS BOMB BLASTS Daniel! Move! No, no, no! Chris, Chris, it might not be safe! Dan! Daniel, can you hear me? OK... Ah! All right. Chuck us down some rope! I bet you didn't hear a single word of that, did you? The Caribbean hasn't got a monopoly in pirates, you know. I think the English had some pretty good pirates of their own. Take Blackbeard, for example. I think you'll find he could swash his buckle with the best of them. You said you wanted to learn more about the island. No, YOU wanted me to learn more about the island. And what would you do stuck at home all weekend, hmm? Fill in crossword, do jigsaw, speak to your lizard... Exactly. Things I'd rather be doing than traipsing around in this heat listening to a load of mumbo jumbo about a pirate's curse! Look... You can't just say something, and it happens! Er-hem! I-I hereby curse everyone who has the letter W in their names to, er, lose all their hair by the time they're 30 and develop a limp. What... Ah... St...! Ah! And from this moment on, it shall be known as the curse of Richard Poole! And now you're being ridiculous. Yes, I am. Which I think you'll find... ..proves my point. What...? Hey, wa...! Wait! Commissioner Patterson! Commissioner! CAR STARTS Afternoon, sir. Good afternoon. Peter Haines - he's the Tourism Director, and a very influential man on the island. You should meet him. He's also on the police committee. Yes, sir, I was just wondering, about my... If there was any word from London? Yes. No. CAR HORN TOOTS Hello, sir! Look, Inspector, much as I value the work you've done since you came here, I suppose if you're truly unhappy on Sainte-Marie, I could contact my counterpart in London? Hello, Dwayne! Camille! Sorry? Perhaps I could make a few calls. So, basically, you're saying there's nothing you can do. I knew it. Don't know why I even bothered asking. Good idea... Well? Looks like I'm stuck with you a while longer. And you could sound a little happier about it. No, I couldn't. What's going on? There's been an explosion up in the rainforest, in one of the caves. One of the guys was trapped inside. Broken his arm, gone to hospital. What were they doing up there? Treasure-hunters. Please tell me you're not serious. We've just been to the museum. Wait! You don't think that maybe... No! You're right! It could be the pirate's curse! Or maybe they were blown up by a gang of tree pixies? OK - do you want us to come with you? BOTH: No. Look, no-one died. We'll take care of it. You enjoy the weekend. Benjamin! Dwayne! Long time, no see, man! You still driving the love wagon? Yeah, she's not getting much action these days, though! Ah, you really forget how beautiful it is up here. Yeah, it is, isn't it? Mmm. This explosion... Mmm. You know what happened? No, no. I heard it but I was a way away. So, you're working for these guys? Yeah, they've been up here a couple of weeks. I've been fixing the truck's air con unit and stuff. Dwayne, erm, this is Daniel. He was the one that got hurt. I drove him to the hospital to get fixed up. Er, look, do you mind if we do this in the camp? I could use some painkillers. Sure. Dwayne, if you need anything, you know where I am, yeah? So, tell me, what happened this morning...? Ah! It's a beautiful day, you should go to the beach. He doesn't like the beach. No. I have a, er, an aversion to sand taking refuge in every bodily orifice. Might as well stick a sheet of sandpaper down your trousers and have done with it. Well, I'll leave you to...have fun! Sorry - any milk? Never any milk. OK, so, I was packing up some of our equipment over there. Mm-hmm, OK. And you, sir? I was having a shower. I was writing up notes in the tent. So, you really looking for Le Clerc's gold? It's what we do. Hmm. We found an old map. A treasure map? Kind of. It authenticated around 1700, so we felt it was worth following up. It didn't mention Le Clerc by name, but... when we found out it was Sainte-Marie... I have to admit, we got very excited. Hey, listen... This explosion... Are we in trouble? No. Seems pretty clear it was an accident. Maybe it will teach you all to have a bit more respect for the explosives you have on site. So, I thought we might go up to the volcano next. Oh, really? What for? It's beautiful. I think once you've seen one volcano, you've seen them all, really. So, how many volcanoes have you seen? Lord, is that the time? Ah! Where are you going? I just remembered something, but thanks, though, for this morning. Museum and everything - the whole, erm, island culture thing. Hmm... Fantastic. WHITE NOISE FROM TELEVISION GUN FIRES, ANIMALS SCREECH TROPICAL BIRD SQUEAKS REPEATEDLY WHITE NOISE FROM TELEVISION PHONE RINGS Hello? 'It's Camille. Are you busy?' Yes, really very busy indeed. Doing what? Since you ask, I am finally addressing some of my audiovisual issues. 'OK. Only, there's been a murder.' Oh. Where? 'Up in the hills? You want to come?' I'll be there as soon as I can. Merci. Merci. This way. Ah. SHE BREATHES HEAVILY Ugh! Who's this? Dr Ian Parks. He was the team's geologist. His body was found here just after 9am this morning by his colleague Daniel Morgan - this is Daniel's tent. A single gunshot to the chest, entered between third and fourth rib, no exit wound that we can see. No witnesses, no-one heard a gunshot, and he was last seen around 11.30 last night. What's this? It's a single-barrelled flintlock pistol. It was being restored by Dr Parks, so we think he was cleaning it when it discharged. You're saying it was an accident? Well, it's the only thing that makes sense. Someone's been, er, burning some paper in here. Preserve it without disturbing it if you can. Yes, sir. How do we know that he was restoring the pistol? Dwayne spoke to Mr Morgan about it yesterday, sir. Yesterday? The explosion Dwayne and Fidel attended. What, that was here? Yes, sir. Oh. One caught in an explosion, the other one shot dead. I hope they haven't wasted any money on the lottery. So, er... these are actual treasure-hunters, is that right? Well, sir, I'm afraid they are. Do you believe they have a little bit too much time on their hands? So, if this wasn't Dr Parks' tent, what was he doing in here? We've asked everyone that same question. No-one knows. Can I borrow your pen, please, Fidel? Sure. I don't think it was an accident. Why not? First, he was a clever man. Only an idiot would clean a loaded pistol. And secondly, if he WAS that stupid, why isn't the cloth he was using to clean the gun either on the floor beside him or in his hand? I agree. And, if he accidentally shot himself while cleaning the pistol, why is there a bullet hole... in the tent? What was he even doing in there anyway? How the hell do I know? I wasn't even here, remember? You two have been up to something for weeks. I didn't realise we were under surveillance. Liz has got a point, Dan - I've noticed it, too. Maybe...you found something. Like what? You tell us. Uh-huh... I'm, er, sorry for the death of your friend. I wonder if you'd mind answering just a few questions. Do you know what happened? Not yet, miss, but rest assured, we'll be leaving no stone unturned. Er, yes, er... Right, Mr Morgan - I understand it was you that found Dr Parks this morning. That's right. I broke my wrist yesterday in the explosion, and didn't fancy sleeping in a camp bed last night, so I got Benjamin to drive me to the Bay Cove Hotel. Who's Benjamin? Benjamin Sammy. He lives down the mountain. He helps out whenever we need a spare pair of hands. Why not use your own breast...? Er... vehicle? The air con packed up. Benjamin was fixing it. Carry on. We left the camp about 11pm, drove to the hotel, and Benjamin picked me up this morning. 'That's when I found him. 'In my tent.' And you? 'Er, we - the three of us - stayed up for a tipple... 'Well, Chris and I did - Ian was teetotal.' SHE GIGGLES DRUNKENLY 'Actually, it turned into a bit of a session.' Sorry... Are you saying that's why you didn't hear the gunshot - because you were intoxicated? 'Well, I can't speak for Chris, 'but I was out for the count. Can't even remember getting to bed.' Do either of you know why Dr Parks wasn't in his own tent? No. Hmm. Uh-huh. This... map... This is what brought you here? Yeah. It was found on Pigeon Island, just off St Lucia, an old pirate stronghold. The idea was that whoever buried it would remember the exact spot when they came back to collect it. And if they never came back? Then the treasure stayed buried. It's pretty much where we come in. It's a big area, but we analyse soil and rock samples - that's where Ian came into his own. Gold's inert, but not all treasure is going to be exclusively gold, and by testing the samples he could find traces of other metals such as bronze and copper. But you didn't find the treasure? Nope. We thought it could be in the caves under this land. But now we'll never know. Not after the explosion yesterday in the entrance to the inner caves. It's completely sealed off. I see. Well, er, someone will come and take your statement in full, but, er, for now, thank you for your time. Oh, er, yes, I'm afraid we will have to ask you not to leave the island. Why? We may need to talk to you again. Are you saying this wasn't an accident? No. I'm saying we'd appreciate it if you didn't make any plans to leave the island. Er, Chief. Me and Fidel have been thinking. Yeah. Two strange incidents... Before you enlighten me with your theory, can I just say that if it involves the words "pirate", "treasure" or "curse", you're both fired. Well? It was nothing. No. It was nothing. Now, do these people need permission to be up here? Yes, Chief. The landowner is Joel Maurice, the house we passed on the way up. Good, well divide and conquer. You check the site for evidence. Camille and I will start there. She's lying. Who? Her. And you're basing that assumption on what, exactly? I just know. Ah, well let's arrest her right now. What do you suggest we... Why are you protecting her? I'm not protecting her! Just because she's attractive, doesn't mean she's telling the truth. Is she attractive? I... Oh! You were ogling her like a schoolboy. I wasn't ogling. Yeah, you were. I don't ogle. You were! That's ridiculous, I was just asking some straightforward questions.  Come on. Shut up! Sorry. I was... I mean I wasn't, erm... Could you, erm? Yeah, sure. So what did your inspector say? Does he think it was an accident? Oh, I'm sorry, miss, but I really... Oh, sorry, I shouldn't really be asking. Yeah, no, it's OK. Ian was cleaning the pistol though when it went off? I'm really sorry, miss, but I can't talk about it. Of course you can't. But... if it did turn out not to be an accident, I'm probably a suspect? No. So I'm not? No. Yes. No. I don't know. I mean I'm not sure we even have any yet, so, you know! It's Fidel, isn't it? Er, me? Yes. Is there a Mrs Fidel? No. Yes, there is, of course! We've got a baby. Oh. Anyway, erm, you know, it was really good talking to you, but I must, I must go, you know. Work to do. I hope I didn't hold you up. No, no, no. You take care. Bye. Maybe they have found the gold and they're fighting amongst themselves. We've no proof they've found anything. Agreed, but if they have found it, it gives us three very clear suspects - the other members of the group. Unless... What? Someone else, not in the group, also discovered they'd found Le Clerc's gold and wants them dead, so they can steal it for themselves. What do you want? Detective Inspector Richard Poole, this is Detective Sergeant Camille Bordey. Of course I knew what they were after. So you visited the camp? Now and again, just to see what they were up to. Up to? Making sure that if they found anything, they wouldn't forget to tell me. I get half. That was the deal. I see. Can I ask where you were last night? I was here. Alone? No. I telephoned Beyonce, she came over and we had a wild night of hot, passionate sex. I see, and this Beyonce can vouch for that, can she? I can't believe you don't know who Beyonce is! Why people can't just give a simple answer to a simple question, I'll never know. Looks like he could use some money. Stealing the treasure for himself could be quite a motive. That only works if we know for sure they've found something. And we don't. What are you doing? Don't you want to know what they've found? Hang on, hang on. What's Joel doing here? Where did he come from? A man shot by an antique flintlock pistol is strange enough, but the victim being found in the tent of a man almost killed in an explosion on the same day? So you think the killer failed to kill Daniel Morgan in the explosion and came back later that night to finish the job? Which means Dr Parks was killed simply for being in the wrong place at the wrong time. Which of this lot is our killer? Well, not Daniel, if he was the intended victim. We, er, we found some debris from the cave, sir. Excellent. It looks like part of a detonator. Check it for prints along with the pistol, would you. Did you find anything else? No there's nothing from the camp or the surrounding areas. Oh! Good afternoon, team. Sir. Sir. You're investigating the mystery of Francois Le Clerc's missing gold? Not exactly, sir. We have a death that may or may not be related in some way. An explosion and a shooting? Yes, that's right. Accidental? Well, it's a little too early to say for certain, sir, but early indications would suggest not. You do know about the curse? Yes. Although for the time being I have decided to eliminate all 400-year-old pirates from our enquiries. I'm very pleased to hear it. So, have we made any progress? Well we were just reviewing the evidence when you came in. Is there some problem, sir, or...? The legend of Francois Le Clerc brings a lot of tourists to the island, inspector. I'd appreciate you not doing anything to jeopardise that. I'm not sure I understand, sir. If it's a murder, then of course you must bring the killer to justice. Just don't do anything silly like proving Le Clerc and his gold don't exist. Or that he never came to Sainte-Marie after all. Don't rock the pirate ship, sir. That's exactly what I mean. Would it help if my team wore pirate hats for the investigation, sir? A parrot each on the shoulder, perhaps? That won't be necessary, inspector. I'm simply asking that you be aware of the bigger picture. The bigger picture, absolutely. We'll do our very best, sir. Thank you. Now, erm, don't let me hold you up. Carry on. Sir. Sir. Sir. Camille. Mm-hmm? Mark the commissioner down as a suspect, would you? Bumping off people to boost local tourism. Meanwhile, we must be thorough. We can't assume that Dr Parks' death had anything to do with this imagined treasure. So, Dwayne, you'd better run background checks on everyone. Yes, chief. Focus your efforts on Daniel Morgan first. Who is he? Why would someone want him dead? MOVEMENT NEARBY Hello? Liz? Chris? FOOTSTEPS BRANCHES CREAK Agh! What happened? Drive me down, Benjamin, will you? Daniel? Where are you going? Pathologist report's through and there are no surprises. It's a single shot to the right kidney, stomach and intestines. Either shock or internal bleeding caused his death. Ballistics have matched the shot to the pistol. Also the wound showed fibres that matched the victim's clothing and what seems to be strands of a cleaning cloth with traces of a lubricant - polyalkylene glycol. Right. That must have been used to oil the gun. Right. And we're waiting on fingerprints from the pistol and the debris from explosive material found in the cave. Background checks? Dr Ian Parks is attached to Cambridge university. Not so much as a parking ticket and nothing so far to suggest why anyone would wish him any harm. Elizabeth Curtis and Chris Winchester seem clean enough too. Both from wealthy families, both travel extensively, nothing on the police computer. Daniel Morgan? A few minor convictions for theft, two of those for religious artefacts. There's also a note on his police file. Just before leaving the UK to come here, he was being investigated by an insurance firm. Why? It seems he was hired to reclaim gold bullion from a ship that sank off the coast of France. By the time Daniel and his crew got down to the wreck, they claimed they couldn't find the gold anywhere. The insurance company think he got to it first? That's what they suspect. But then, they would. They lost millions on the insurance. And here we are again talking about missing gold. Yet that still doesn't mean they found the treasure, does it? OK, I admit, it looks like he was a crook in the past - maybe he even stole the gold from that sunken boat. That doesn't mean that's what this case is about. I know what you're doing. Who haven't we spoken to yet? The Bay Cove Hotel duty manager and Benjamin Sammy. Good. When you were in the camp, er, did you see any arguments? Erm, any hostility between them? No, not really. Well, not until today. Uh-huh? Apparently this big branch nearly fell on him. He thought it was deliberate? I guess so. After it happened, he just wanted to get out of there. Where is he now? Lunch time! GOAT BLEATS Aw, he's so sweet! Has he got a name? No, haven't got round to it yet. Oh, what about Richard? Thank you, Camille. So, how did they contact you? I think Joel gave them my number. We get about half a dozen wannabe treasure hunters out here every year, not that I'm complaining. It keeps this little lot in food. The usual story is they thrash about the rainforest for a few weeks looking for pirate treasure and then they go home. Quite funny really. And what do you do for them exactly? Erm, driving, finding supplies, food. Whatever they need. Er, Daniel said you took him to the Bay Cove Hotel last night. Yeah, that's right. About eleven. He said his arm was playing up and he'd kill for a soft, clean bed. Maybe not literally. Hm! But you can't be sure he stayed there all night? No, but he was there when I went back in the morning. What about you? After you dropped him off last night, did you come straight home? No. I drove to the animal sanctuary in Honore. You know it? Picked this little fella up. They didn't think he'd make it through the night. So I was here, nursing him with milk every hour on the hour. Are you saying you want to use a goat as your alibi? GOAT BLEATS Feeding Richard. CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS Ah, sir, we've got a visitor. Someone tried to drop a tree on me. So we hear. It was cut at one end. It looked like it had been held up with a vine until I was underneath it. Damn near killed me! Then I got to thinking. The explosion in the cave, Ian getting shot in my bloody tent. Whoever it is, they're after me, aren't they? Why do you think anyone would want to kill you? I don't know, but you've got my passport and I can't leave the island, so until you catch them, I demand police protection. HE GROWLS WITH FRUSTRATION What have I missed? Fidel, did you preserve the waste paper basket and burnt paper? Yes, sir. Then I'm going to need you to get these items for me, if you would. Most of it you should be able to get from a decent photography shop. The rest... clothes line and pegs, red light bulb. Well, I'll leave that to you. My house...in one hour. Oh, sir? Mmm-hmm? I passed the animal rescue centre on the way here and they confirmed that Benjamin Sammy was there last night. Right. I also checked with the hotel duty manager. No-one at the hotel saw Daniel Morgan again between him checking in and checking out the next morning. Good work, Camille. LOUD STREET NOISE TYRES SCREECH CAR HORN BLARES RADIO:..The last three overs, two wickets in hand. Have they done enough to win this... Oh! Well done. What is he doing? Wait a minute. No. What are you doing?! Right, let's bring this back from the dead. If you could just pass me those tweezers? No, sorry, of course you can't. You don't have opposable thumbs. That would be mad. Like running a forensics lab in your kitchen. Or talking to a lizard. FLY BUZZES Camille? Typical of her. No sticking power. Uh, has it worked, sir? Le Clerc's Treasure! PD46! Whoa, they found the treasure! Looks like it. But PD46? What's that? Well, if I was a betting man, I'd say it looked like some sort of map reference. Find out where PD46 is, find the treasure. So... it was about the gold after all. Yes, quite possibly. Now we have evidence, it does appear to be about the, um... Gold. How was our visitor in the cells last night? Didn't get a peep out of him. Mmm. Oh, you know what? I've got all the treasure hunters' handwritten statements. We can find out who wrote this note. Good idea. Has Fidel heard anything from the lab yet? Actually, where is Fidel? Yes, we've got the finger prints analysis back. All right. Um... No finger prints on the pistol, it was wiped clean. But there were three prints from the detonator we found. All belong to Daniel Morgan. Why would he set explosives to blow himself up? OK, I know who wrote the note. Dr Ian Parks. Are you sure? His handwriting's pretty distinctive. So, if Dr Parks found the treasure, then... maybe he was the intended target all along? In which case, logic suggests the killer might be... ..Daniel Morgan. First, he sets the explosives to make it look like he's been caught in a rock fall, giving him an excuse to check in to the Bay Cove Hotel. Because if Dr Parks is killed that night... We're going to think Daniel's the only person who CAN'T have done it. Exactly. After Benjamin Sammy drops him off, he leaves the hotel, goes back up to the clearing, shoots Dr Parks. So him coming here to claim that his life was in danger, was just to put us off the scent? Precisely! Now all we have to do, is prove it. Ah, Fidel. There you are. Yes. What are all these? Well, when the Chief found the map reference PD46, I figured I'd try and find out where on the island it referred to, right? It couldn't have been on the treasure hunter's own map, could it? It doesn't have any grid references. So I went to Honore Library. In the middle of the night? But, I'm so sorry, sir. I've been through all these maps, and I mean all of them and I can't find any kind of symbol, landmark or reference called PD, let alone PD46. Wait, you checked every map there is of Sainte-Marie? Yes. You worked all the way through the night? I'm getting the coffee. Uh-uh-uh, no. I'll get the coffee. And Don't worry, Fidel. The fact you couldn't work out where PD46 is shouldn't matter, because we think we know someone who does. Really? Who, sir? The murderer. Daniel Morgan. Fetch him from the cells, would you? We think Ian Parks found the treasure and told Daniel Morgan, who then murdered him so that he could keep it for himself. Hoping everyone would think it was an accident. The pirate's curse. It all fits. Um, Chief? The ambulance is on its way. It's too late. Looks like an allergic reaction. Swelling, blue tinge to the skin... Look, it's an adrenaline pen. So he should have a dog tag, or a bracelet. Hmm. "Medic alert, severe allergy to insect bites." Anaphylactic shock. Something has bitten or stung him, he had a reaction, he used the pen, but it must have been too late, or too little. Then he died. BUG CHIRPS Sir. It's a kissing bug. It hunts out warm-blooded creatures in the night and sucks their blood. You mean these things are just flying around, on the loose? Don't worry, Chief. They're no worse than any other things that suck blood at night. Other things? But if you've got the right kind of allergy, the venom from a kissing bug can be fatal. And there's something else. What? You won't like it. Try me. The kissing bug is said to be the beetle that Francois Le Clerc used on his flag. Right, so, someone clearly wants us to believe these are deaths brought about by a dead pirate's curse. Fortunately, we're far too sensible to believe such a thing. Common sense tells us that strange as it may seem, this is about four treasure hunters fighting over their spoils. And with two of them dead. That leaves just two suspects. Liz Curtis... ..and Chris Winchester. She doesn't look very upset to hear another one of her friends is dead, does she? Well, neither does he for that matter. No. There's something about her. She's hiding something. Well, let's talk to them, shall we? How do you want to do it? Good cop, bad cop? No, I thought we could adopt your tactics for this interview. Good. What are they? Just charge straight in like a bull in a china shop. We believe you found the treasure, argued amongst yourselves, that argument turned to murder. There were four, two are dead, that leaves you two as our prime suspects. Did I miss anything? I don't think so. I've never heard anything so ridiculous in my entire life. The only question remaining is whether one of you worked alone, or if you're in this together. Perhaps you're lovers. No! We're not... I'm not a killer. Did anyone else know about Daniel Morgan's allergy to insect bites? It wasn't a secret, we all knew about it. Did you or did you not find the treasure? No! Well, WE didn't. What does that mean? Me and Liz started to notice that Ian and Daniel were up to something. They were always huddled together talking, but they'd clam up whenever we went anywhere near. So you thought that maybe they'd found something? Well, yes, it had crossed our minds. Which would give you a strong motive to kill them both, wouldn't it? Have you got a problem with me? Yes. I don't think you've been telling us the truth. May I remind you both this isn't a fanciful pirate story, it's a murder enquiry. Look, this is stupid. It doesn't matter anymore, anyway. I can't speak for anyone else, but I have NO interest in finding the treasure. All right? The truth is, I never had. What? I didn't come to Sainte-Marie to hunt for treasure. I was investigating Daniel Morgan. You work for an insurance company? Yes. Daniel Morgan is responsible for a very substantial claim last year and I'm part of the team investigating it. Call my supervisor on that number. He'll verify everything. Thank you. He confirmed everything. She was sent here to keep track of Daniel Morgan. Which means I was right. I'm sorry? I told you she was hiding something. Yes, yes, you did. Say it then. Say what? That I was right. You were right. Thank you. Can I carry on? Please. OK, so we're being led to believe there have been a series of accidents. It started with an explosion, then someone was supposedly killed while cleaning an antique pistol, then a falling tree. Finally, a man known to have a severe allergy to insect bites was bitten by a beetle while in a police cell. All of these events happening between four people within the space of 48 hours. The odds against this sequence of events truly happening accidentally in that time frame are tens of millions to one. Agreed. So we're left with two possible explanations. First, they are indeed the result of a curse left by a one-legged pirate 400 years ago. Or second, we have two murders, perpetrated by a single assailant, or one or more people working together. So, who stood to gain the most from the deaths of Dr Ian Parks and Daniel Morgan? Well, whoever knew they'd found the treasure. But that's a dead end, isn't it, Chief? Seeing as young Fidel here pretty much proved PD46 isn't on any kind of map. Wherever the gold is buried, it isn't on Sainte-Marie. Wait! Dwayne, you're right. I am? You are? That's exactly what Fidel proved. There was a small plastic container full of soil and rock samples, it's not here. It wasn't there when I got back to the camp site. Of course it wasn't. Autopsy report, where is it? Ha! It wasn't just Dr Parks in the wrong tent, everything's wrong, it's all upside down. Dwayne, Fidel, I want you to pick everyone up. Well, everyone who's still alive anyway. Liz Curtis, Chris Winchester, Benjamin. I want everyone at Joel Maurice's house in an hour. In the words of our pirate brethren, "We need to parlay." Um, is this about the treasure or not? Yes. And no. Come on. 'Can you tell me what's going on?' I mean, why does everyone have to be here? Because this is where it all began. The land you own holds the secret that unlocks this mystery. I must say, this has been a tricky case from the start. Firstly, because of the treasure. How could the murder not be about it? And secondly, because to begin with we could never really be sure who the intended victim was. Was it Daniel? And Dr Parks was killed by mistake? Or was Dr Parks the target all along? Then it struck me. What if it was both? Chris. You said that Daniel and Ian were often huddled together, conspiring. Yes. CAMILLE: So let's imagine, what if they discovered the treasure... And rather than share their findings with the rest of the group, they decided to keep it for themselves? I knew it. We found part of a detonator at the scene of the explosion, covered in Daniel Morgan's fingerprints. But why would Daniel want to blow himself up? The key was to separate the facts and look at them not together, but individually. First, why would Daniel want to set the explosives? Well, seeing as they started a rock fall which then partially sealed the cave, maybe that's all he was trying to do. So that's it! That's where the gold is, in the cave! Will you please sit down and no, the gold isn't in the cave. CAMILLE: But the fact that he was caught up in the blast suggests someone else set it off, before Daniel could get clear. I hope you're not going to suggest it was me. The moment we confirmed your story... Yes, you're right. It was unlikely you could be our killer. Which meant we were down to only two suspects. But without any prompting from us, you told us about Daniel Morgan and Dr Parks' secretive behaviour. Why would the killer draw our attention to that? So we're left with someone in financial trouble who readily admitted he already suspected the victims of trying to cheat him out of what was rightfully his. Unless... This isn't about the treasure at all. As unlikely as that seems. Because once you remove the tantalising appeal of missing gold from the equation, then there could be other motives. Indeed, there could be a motive where in terms of cold hard cash, the killer gains absolutely nothing. Does he, Benjamin? What? It was you, wasn't it? First, you attempted to murder Daniel Morgan by setting off the explosives but failed. You had no such trouble with Dr Parks who you shot in cold blood, before finishing the job you set out to do, by murdering Daniel Morgan in a police cell. And um, and empty out his pockets, would you? You see, Benjamin of all the people in the camp was most likely to get wind of what Daniel and Ian were up to. Once you knew their secret, you watched them. And seeing Daniel set the explosives was too good an opportunity to miss. WHIRRING SOUND BEEPING AND EXPLOSION Although Daniel survived, the fact you knew he was spending the night in the Bay Cove Hotel gave you the opportunity to come back for Dr Parks. We checked. You left the animal sanctuary shortly after midnight. 'I was feeding the goat through the night. It would've died otherwise.' Which is the most puzzling thing of all. A killer who understands the sanctity of life. If you missed one feed with your goat, it was a risk worth taking, wasn't it? You were often in the camp, so had ample opportunity to steal the pistol. This time there was no mistake. GUNSHOT Knowing that Dr Parks was trying to restore the pistol, by leaving it behind with a cloth, you hoped it would appear there'd been a terrible accident while the gun was being cleaned. But you made one very simple mistake. Camille? You cleaned the gun yourself, didn't you? Before using it? We found traces of the oil you used, both on this cloth and on the shot. It didn't register at first. Why would it? But, er, the oil we found wasn't gun oil, was it? You used something else, didn't you? Polyalkylene glycol. Most notably used for? Air conditioning systems in cars, sir. And we already know you were fixing the air conditioning unit in the Land Rover. First you attempted to murder Daniel Morgan and failed. You then shot Dr Parks dead, but now, what to do with Daniel. The little episode with the falling branch was opportunistic and never likely to succeed. CRASHING It provided you with one more opportunity when suspecting his colleagues, Daniel asked you to drive him in to town. First you had to make sure that Daniel's emergency adrenaline pen was empty. He'd only been on the island a few weeks. Most of the time he'd been in the rain forest, so only the three people he came with and you would've known about his allergy to insect bites. Your plan was surprisingly simple. You had no way of knowing where Daniel would spend that night, so you just made sure that wherever he was, as soon as he sat down for his evening smoke, he'd release the bug... and with it, bring about his own death. BUG CHIRPING HE PANTS AND GURGLES Potentially brilliant. After all, it was indeed the kissing bug... that killed Daniel Morgan. But er, this cleverest of murders... will now prove your guilt. There it is. Because you had to steal Daniel's lighter, didn't you? It was the only way you could be sure he would open the match box and release the bug. And the beetle was perfect, wasn't it? Because all along you've wanted people to think this was all about Le Clerc's treasure, haven't you? But it's got nothing to do with it, has it Benjamin? Because despite Daniel and Dr Parks' conspiring, Francois Le Clerc's treasure was never found. What? But I thought... Shut up! OK, look, I don't get it. If Ian and Dan didn't find the treasure, why did he kill them? Oh, Benjamin has a motive, it's just nothing to do with Le Clerc's treasure, is it? I believe we have enough physical evidence to convict you of the murder of Dr Parks, but we both know you're also responsible for the death of Daniel Morgan. So, um, I'll give you a choice. Either you confess to both murders, or in setting out my case against you, I'll reveal your true motive. Understand? And if I do confess? Then the subject's closed. You swear it? Yes, you have my word. And I dare say a confession will make the court more lenient. All right then, I did it. I killed them both. I shot Ian and I killed Daniel with the kissing bug like he said. Thank you. Dwayne, Fidel, read him his rights, get him to the station and take his confession. Yes, sir. What about Le Clerc's bloody treasure? Well, it's been hidden for the last 400 years. Doesn't that rather imply... CAMILLE CLEARS HER THROAT Doesn't that rather imply that it's still out there? Mm-hm. Somewhere... Mm-hm. ..on the island of Sainte-Marie? Mm-hm. You really surprise me sometimes. Oh? Just when I think you don't care about anything but your job, you, you do something like that. Well, Benjamin's confessed to both murders. He says they treated him badly and he snapped. He confessed, but I don't believe it. Come on, Chief. What was his real motive? You have to tell them. It goes no further. Agreed? Sure. Well, I'd forgotten something very simple. Dr Parks was a geologist. We all got so carried away with the romantic notion of pirate treasure, haven't we, that we presumed PD46 had to be a local map reference? PD is a chemical symbol, 46 is an atomic number. Together they represent the thing that Daniel and Ian found in the cave. I still don't get it. Palladium. It's used in every mobile phone and laptop in the world and is vanishingly rare. As such, it's one of the most precious metals on Earth. I think that's what Daniel and Ian found in those caves. And Benjamin heard them discussing it? Almost certainly. And that's why Daniel tried to seal the cave with an explosion. Wanted to prevent any further exploration till they could come back, maybe make Joel an offer for the land. Benjamin didn't want anyone else to find out what they'd discovered. The palladium would've been extracted using an open cast mine. It would have decimated the rain forest. Benjamin loves that place. When Benjamin overheard their plan to seal the cave, he decided to do the same thing, but with Daniel in it. GUNSHOT He murdered Ian Parks and Daniel Morgan so that their discovery would die with them. His motive wasn't greed. He killed two men to stop his rain forest being pulled down. But it's still murder. Of course. But so long as he goes to prison for it, I don't see the need to pull down the jungle, as well. Do you? Now, anyone fancy a drink? STATIC NOISES Try going left a bit. Left a bit! Hang on, a bit more. A bit more! "Ever wondered what makes our experts tick?" Oh, be still my beating heart. Fiona Bruce! Yes, yes! You... ANTIQUES ROADSHOW THEME TUNE Oh. Ah... CAMILLE: Who's Fiona Bruce? It's just Antiques Roadshow... Here, in this room, I had Antiques Roadshow. You're trying to watch English TV? Is there any other kind? Let me try. RICHARD SIGHS (Go on.) How's Juliet and the baby? Oh, very well, thank you, sir. Must be an expensive business, taking care of two women. Yes, it is. So if it's all right with you and in light of your excellent work, on both this and every other case I've had the privilege to work with you on, I'd like to put you forward to take your sergeant's exams. Me? A sergeant? Well, thank you, sir. You're very welcome. Ready! Got something. Perfect. Ah. FRENCH VOICES ON TV Camille? SHE SQUEALS AND LAUGHS Camille! What have you done to my TV? Hey! Where's Fiona Bruce!? You can't stay in there all day. OK, I'm sorry. I order you... You what? I said I order you to come and put my television back as it was. YOU order ME!? Yes. OK, I suppose you want to ogle that Fiona Bruce too? I told you, I do not ogle... Yes, I've seen you ogling... I don't ogle! Yes you do. SHE SCREAMS Yes? You don't even know who Fiona... You what? You don't even know... I can't hear you! If you want... SHE SCREAMS To the future. And to Miami. ♪ To set you free... ♪ CHEERING AND APPLAUSE You have a victim, murdered in public surrounded by cameras and in the company of a police officer. Was there anything going on between her and Stephen? 'Oh, he wishes.' I think she saw him for what he was. What have you done? I'm just trying to help. Then help me to find out who did this. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 