Death in Paradise: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Death in Paradise 
 s2e6 - Episode #2.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Death in Paradise (2011–…): Season 2, Episode 6 - Episode #2.6 - full transcript 
 Wheelchair-bound June Anderson is strangled in the villa she is renting with husband Doug and sister Janice. Though Janice is her beneficiary and has no alibi Poole suspects Doug, a former ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Special treat for you, Opal. There's a nice dinner for you today. I think our luck might be changing. "Hello, everyone, and welcome back. "Of course, the main story here on Saint-Marie is that it is hot." "We are currently at 95 degrees, and it looks like that temperature might rise over the next few hours. "So please make sure you stay out of direct..." Mm! How do you stand it, eh? Sunshine, palm trees, beach bodies... Every day must be pure hell. Only hotter. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 How long are you here for? A fortnight. Got here a couple of days ago. I don't suppose you fancy showing me the sights? I'm not sure what your wife would have to say about that. Wife? Hm... Ah. Well, I won't tell her if you don't. Maybe another beer will do for now? Keep it cool for me, will you, love? Just going to nip out for some fags. Try not to miss me. "Your affinities will be closely entwined." "Don't be disgusting!" "I see a picture forming. "All around you are strange-looking objects, "white and shining. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 "I see... a marriage, "and one, two, three, "14 children!" "Don't be disgusting!" "Do you want to do me now?" "Not 'alf! Let me get these things off first!" Thank you. Cheese-head screwdriver, please. Uh-huh. Thank you. D-Do you know what you're doing? Yes! Yes, yes. It's obviously just a, you know, loose connection. Agh! Are you OK? Yes, yes. It's just a little... shock. What's wrong? Hm? Nothing. Don't worry. Give it a moment. It will stop, OK? Well, answer it. Maybe they'll know how to fix a fan. I know how to fix fans. Without killing yourself? Look, just answer the bloody thing, would you?! Hello, this is Dwayne Myers. I'm not available right now, but if you'd like to leave a message... "Dwayne, I know that's you. I need you - now." Estelle, we talked about this. I'm at work! "I know! That's why I'm calling." I've found a body. A dead one. I got here just after half past three. I could tell something was wrong straight away. I could feel it. It's like I got a fifth sense. That must come in useful. Dwayne? And, er, what do you do here at the house? I work here. It's a rental place. They just arrived yesterday. And who are "they" exactly? Erm, wife, husband, wife's sister. Wife was in a wheelchair. She never stand a chance. Er, Dwayne, take a full statement from Miss Du Bois. Me? Yes. Unless you have something better to do? And see if you can get a number for the rental agency. We need to inform the family. Chief. Now, it's my turn to ask the questions. Yes? How come you never call me any more? The burglar must've assumed the house was empty, no-one by the pool, and took his chances. Mm. Well, you can see why she wasn't outside. Look at that sunburn. Typical Brit abroad. White bread at breakfast, lobster by lunch. Strangled by her own scarf. So she saw the burglar, reached for the phone, and was strangled before she could call for help? I should check with the phone company. If she made a call, it may indicate the time of the attack. This door's been wiped clean. You think that's how the killer got in? No. The perimeter is walled. You can only enter and leave from the front, and it was unlocked. Well, holiday villa - you wouldn't necessarily lock the door. So, why would the killer come out here by the pool? What's going on? I'm sorry, sir. This is a crime scene. And who are you? I'm staying here. With my wife. So we have a victim in a wheelchair, alone in the house, phone in hand, strangled with a scarf, and indications of a robbery. Hm... Sir? This is very strange, but this really reminds me of something. I feel like I'm having deja vu. Oh, finally, he speaks French! There was a case in England, erm, five years ago. Charles Tyburn - elderly, wheelchair bound. Intruder broke in thinking the house was empty, strangled Tyburn with his own scarf. And he was found with the phone in his hand. Do you think it's the same killer? Previous crimes cannot be considered relevant to the present charge, as in the terms set out by Makin versus... I so knew this last night. Is this for your sergeants' exam? I'll never pass at this rate. Makin versus AG for New South Wales, 1894. And no, I am not thinking this is the same killer as Tyburn. It just bears striking similarities to that crime scene. So this Charles Tyburn case, did you solve it? No. No, no, it wasn't my case. No, it was investigated by one of my more objectionable colleagues, Detective Inspector... ..Doug Anderson. Will Teague. "Sir, it's the Honore Police. "I'm afraid there's been a death at your rental villa, Eagle's Edge. June Anderson." What?! "We need you to come up right away." Erm, yes. Er, OK. We'll be straight up there. You have to get out. Now! Go away. I said go away! June Anderson's been killed! Get up! What?! I'd heard on the police grapevine you'd been shipped off somewhere, but here?! I wasn't shipped, I - So, you're in charge of this investigation? Yes. Yes, I am. Cause of death? I'm sorry but your wife was strangled. So, have you, erm, started rounding up the usual suspects - smackheads, druggies? We're still gathering evidence. Oh, yes, I forgot, you do like to cross the t's and dot the i's, don't you, Dicky boy? I like to do things properly, if that's what you mean. So, what's our next move? I thought we could start with a few questions. OK. Any sign of forced entry? I-I meant you answering them. Your wife was home alone? She got sunburn, couldn't go out. And you're here with her sister? Yes. Janice. She's off at some spa this afternoon. And you? I was at a little bar in town. Not up to much, but the bird behind the bar was friendly enough. Can you remember the name? Catherine's? Kaz's something...? Do you know it? Hm. And you were there the whole time? Yes, yes! Look, I get it! Husband - chief suspect. Bang! Done! Dusted! But now we've established my alibi, perhaps we can move on to find the real killer. Doug... Janice, I'm so sorry. I left the villa at about quarter to two. It might've been a few minutes earlier, I'm not sure. I'm so sorry, it's really important, isn't it? That's fine. Your brother-in-law left with you? Yes. He dropped me at the spa. Sorry. I should've been here. I just can't believe... And he left you at what time? Erm, just before two. I think... I'm sorry. Maybe five to? It was meant to be a little treat for me, but I didn't enjoy it, knowing it was all my fault that she burnt. What do you mean? She was out here in the sun. She couldn't reach her chair. I've been calling and calling you! I'm so sorry. 'I was upstairs listening to my book. 'I just didn't hear her.' I've been stuck out here all day! Wasn't she wearing sunscreen? Oh, yes! Yes, she was. She really looked after her skin. Always factor 50. But obviously it wasn't enough! It's all my fault. It always is. I'm so stupid. Who booked the holiday? Sorry? Who made the travel arrangements, picked the destination? Well, Douglas did. Doug planned this? Yes. It all seemed so perfect. They've found us another villa. Yes, so I understand. I'll get Janice settled in and then I'll come get a progress report. Well, I'm not sure that's entirely - It wasn't a request. Doug said he'd been at Catherine's. Go and check it out. Find out exactly when he arrived, exactly when he left. Exactly. Yes, Chief. I want you to get the scarf to the lab in Guadeloupe. Tell them to do a VMD test. See if they can lift a print off the fabric. You think he did it. Hm? You think Doug Anderson killed his own wife. Mm-hm. Based on what? You don't know him, Camille. He is one of the most reprehensible detectives to grace the ranks of the Metropolitan Police. He takes bribes, intimidates suspects. He came back drunk from lunch so often, it was mandatory for him to attend alcohol support meetings. That man is a bad apple. None of that makes him a murderer. OK, great. Thank you. Camille, June Anderson's prints were on the sunscreen bottle we found by the pool. So even though she burnt, she must have applied it. OK. Here. What's that? You said you had trouble remembering your topics for your exam. Yes? I used this when I was studying for mine. Oh, great! Yes, thanks, Camille. I've got the list of the items stolen from the villa. Mostly jewellery. I've circulated a description to local dealers. Right. Now, this phone she was holding, the phone company said the last call made today was to a number in England. So, she didn't call for help? It seems not. Because she was overcome by her attacker? Or possibly because the phone was placed in her hand after she was attacked to make it appear as if she'd seen her intruder. Put there by her husband, I presume. Why are you so certain it's him? I don't know. I just have - A feeling? How many times have you told me not to follow my feelings? If I can't use my intuition, neither can you. I'm a detective! You can't ban me from using my intuition. Why not? What's good for the goose is good for the duck. Gander. Whatever! We can't make someone a suspect just because you don't like them. That was Dwayne. Your mother has confirmed that Douglas Anderson was at her bar. He got there at 2pm and stayed until 4.30. Which rules him out. The only time he left was to get cigarettes from Eldred's. Ah-ha. How long was he gone? No longer than ten minutes. Dwayne had Catherine check the till roll. Mr Anderson bought a drink when he came back at 2:32. Right. And the drive to Eagle's Edge is what, five or six minutes? So, if the ten minutes he left the bar was say, 12, maybe even 15, it's just possible to place him at the scene. What do you want, Ronnie? Just let me explain! You tried that, remember? No, listen! It wasn't what you thought. I'm not interested. But you picked up! So I can tell you to stop calling me. It's finished. Deal with it. I've plotted out the various routes from, er, here up to Eagle's Edge, colour-coded them. We need to work out which one's quickest. I suggest we start with the navy blue. I know you think this is ridiculous, but I need to at least prove it's possible. Indulge me. I will. If you indulge me first... Merci. I knew Eldred had CCTV in his shop. I thought this was the logical place to check Doug's movements for the missing ten minutes? You see? And the time - 2.24pm. Yes, but he may have... Yes, wait! 2.26pm, 2.27pm... See? He wasn't zooming back to the villa to kill his wife - Whoa, stop, stop the tape! Rewind it. Yes, there. Now play. Freeze it. See? What? He's smiling at the camera. He knows he's being filmed. He is smiling at the camera! No, he is a man smiling because he's on holiday, smoking a cigarette and not strangling his wife! His alibi holds up. He couldn't have done it. ..I'd like that to be the case! The inspector wants you both up at Eagle's Edge. Why? He said he didn't want anyone contaminating the crime scene. Ha! More like waiting to see if anyone goes back there! You do remember that it's my wife who was murdered? Yes, of course. And you have my sincere condolences - All I want to know is what leads you're following up. I told you, you're not on duty. You're not attached to this case in any official capacity! It would be wholly inappropriate - Didn't you ever wonder why nobody liked you in the division? Why you didn't fit in? Well... You don't seem to get the fact that, as coppers, we're all in it together. Us and them. It's not about doing it by the book. It's about taking care of our own, watching each others' backs. I'm not sure that's - Don't get smart with me, Dicky boy. All I'm asking is, have you got any suspects? And if you don't want to tell me as a copper, tell me as the victim's husband. No. No, I haven't. But you're still thinking it was an aggravated burglary and June disturbed them? It's what the crime scene suggests so... OK! I'm not trying to bust your chops, Dick. I just want to help catch whoever did this, OK? You know where I am. Everything alright? Yes. Fine. I don't even know why we're here. I can't believe the chief is being so pig-headed about the husband. He's always so sure he's right, you know? And another thing, I hate when he... Hey? Are you recording? Every single word. Hey. No, you don't... Why don't I test you? Really? Sure. As long as you don't play that to the chief. The pathology report is back. And? It confirms strangulation as cause of death. Which we already knew. Yes, but from behind. From behind? There was a wide contusion across the front of the neck. Look. If she was strangled from behind, that makes it less likely... ..that she surprised a burglar and more likely to be pre-meditated murder. Which will explain why she didn't make the call. So, er... ..he crept up on her. I knew it. That scene was staged! But would the killer really leave it to chance that she would be wearing a scarf? Maybe the killer already knew she would be wearing it. Like her husband, you mean? Look, I thought you were getting these fans fixed! Jonah said he'd be here about 11. Yes, is that 11 o'clock real time or 11 o'clock... ..island time? Wait, what if he cheated the time of death? Huh? We've proved he didn't kill her between 1:45, when he and Janice left, and 3:30pm, when the body was discovered, but what if he somehow killed her before that? Hm? We need to speak to the sister again. Oh, I was looking for Dwayne. I have a little present for him. Oh, erm... I'm not sure... Dwayne! There's a friend here for you. Would you like a drink? I'm sorry, I don't have any juice, but I could get you some water. No, thank you. I, er, I need you to tell me exactly when you last saw your sister alive. I told you yesterday, it would've been when I left for the spa, at about 1.45. And when you last saw June, she was wearing the zebra-print scarf? No. She thought she'd lost it. Lost it? Yes, it was new. Doug bought it for her. Duty free. Doug bought it? Yes. But when we, erm, started unloading the car at the villa, she couldn't find it. She must've found it again when we were out. When you left, after saying goodbye to your sister, you and Doug drove into town together? Yes. Well, no, actually. Sorry. No? 'I realised as we were leaving that I'd forgotten my purse. I'm always forgetting things.' Hurry up. I'm sorry. I'll just be two minutes. And Doug was alone for how long? Well, I can't have been in the house for more than two minutes. And when you returned, he was in the car? Yes. Yes, he was. OK, so, er, when you came to leave the villa again, after picking up your purse, you didn't see your sister again? No. Sorry. How long had your sister been in a wheelchair? She had a car accident in Corfu ten years ago. And, erm, when did she meet Doug? Funny story, I suppose! I was seeing him first, and, well, things didn't work out, and, er, well, he started dating June. That didn't upset you? Are you sure I can't get you some water? No. No, thank you. Oh, actually, erm, I do have one last question. Was June left-handed or right-handed? June? Left-handed. We both are. Were... Thank you. So Doug could've strangled his wife while Janice was getting her purse. And he bought the scarf. But why did the scarf go missing? I don't know. Maybe Doug hid it, you know, so he could pounce when he had the chance. But he didn't know Janice would forget her purse. Or that June would have sunburn. And why would he place the phone in her right hand, knowing that she was left-handed? That's usually the kind of thing you'd be the first to spot, but because it doesn't match your theory that Doug is the killer, you ignore it. I am not ignoring it. Yes, you are. Just like you're ignoring the fact that June took her sister's boyfriend. Maybe Janice went back to the house, saw the scarf from her ex-boyfriend round her sister's neck and snapped. Sir, the lab in Guadeloupe called. They did a VMD test, enabling them to lift a print off the scarf. Doug Anderson's? No. Sir, it's unidentified. But from the size, they believe it could be that of a woman. Janice Palmer? No. I matched it with the exclusion prints. It's not hers. But interestingly enough, it's not June Anderson's either. There was some kind of oil mixed in with the print. Suntan oil? No. It's more like a lubricant. Hm. Well, if June Anderson's prints weren't on the scarf, that rather implies she didn't find it, as her sister suggested. I just checked the number June phoned in England. It was a friend in the UK. She said she spoke to June at 2:40pm, meaning she was still alive then. During the time Doug Anderson was at my mother's bar. Yes, remember? The till roll clearly stated that he bought a drink at 2:32pm. So that's it. We can say with certainty Doug Anderson did not kill his wife! You're right. I was wrong and... and... ..and you were right. By focusing on Doug Anderson, I let my feelings about a former colleague get in the way of the facts. I apologise to you all. I only hope my hubris hasn't impeded the investigation. From now on, we widen things out. I want background checks on everyone who came into contact with June since she arrived. Chief. Contact the spa. Let's check the sister's alibi. Sir. And what are YOU doing? I'm going to answer the question you have quite rightly been asking since the beginning of this investigation - why did June Anderson burn if she was wearing factor-50 sunscreen? Chop, chop! I'm not cooking for them any more. It's creepy! Well, I'm sorry, but they've booked a chef for two weeks. What if I am next? The killer is still out there, you know. Estelle, I'm sure you'll be alright. Unless you eat your own cooking... What? Your, er, swordfish... We were both sick yesterday. There was nothing wrong with that fish! Don't take it out on me just cos your girlfriend dump you! I didn't say a word. Oh! Hello. No, don't do that! Look, I'll deal with it, OK? No... Just wait! OK, bye. Everything alright? Er, yes. That was Mr, erm, Davis at Palm Bay. Er, the air con's on the blink. I said I'd go over. Sorry, what is going on? My wife's been murdered and you're sat sunning yourself. I was - Is that what passes for an investigation round here? What are you going to do next - interview suspects during Happy Hour? Actually, I was just testing your wife's sunscreen. This arm's got June's sunscreen on and this arm's got nothing. Well, big surprise there, the arm with no sunscreen is... burning. I thought it might've been tampered with so - I can't believe this. If we were in the UK and the wife of one of our own had been murdered, any normal copper would have men banging down doors, they'd be out looking for witnesses, scouring the landscape for any shred of evidence until we got a result. I will get a result. Once you've topped up your tan?! This is my wife we're talking about! There's no need - Oh, I forgot. You don't know what that's like, do you? Never been married have you, Dick? Never even had a girlfriend, as far as I remember. Well, erm, it looks as though June Anderson's sunscreen wasn't tampered with. He's not a very nice man, is he? No, no, he's not a very nice man. But as you rightly say, that doesn't make him a murderer. Janice Palmer didn't turn up for her appointment at the spa. So, her whereabouts are unaccounted for? I've also completed the background check. She stands to inherit her sister's fortune. What? Her father was in pest control. He built up quite an empire. When he died, he left all the money to June. Right. And what about him? He gets nothing, as far as I can see. I also checked out the car accident that paralysed June in Corfu. And? Janice was driving. You think maybe that was the first attempt on her sister's life? Maybe she's waited ten years before trying again? Opal! Stupid creature. If you're in the water again, I'm leaving you there this time! Opal! Opal! Mummy's going to buy you the biggest fish she can find! Oh, God! Leave me alone. Just give me five minutes. I gave you a year and a half and all you've done is lie to me. I haven't cheated on you. Don't insult my intelligence. Tell me what I'm meant to have done! Just get lost, Ronnie. I mean it! Just go see her, whoever she is. There is nothing you can say that will make me want to be in the same room as you. Why did you lie about going to the spa? I'm sorry. It was stupid. God, I am so stupid! It just seemed silly - a hot island and I go and sit in a sauna? So, where did you go? Oh, well, I... Nowhere really. I just wanted to be by myself. Janice, we also know it was you driving the car in which your sister was paralysed. Yes. Yes, it was me. Blame me. Everyone else has. I don't want to blame you, but I need to understand. You can't understand what it's like to live with that, to be responsible for ruining your sister's life. And she made me pay every single day. And Dad! He left all his money to her, not to take care of her, but to punish me. And she held onto those purse strings so tightly, too. It could just as easily have been her driving that night in Corfu. But it wasn't. It was me. I need to know where you went yesterday. Doug dropped me off, and then I got in a taxi and I asked him to take me to a bar. Any bar. Why? I wanted to meet someone. I-I just wanted to be a person, just for once. I wanted to be someone other than the sister, the carer, the guilty party. Sorry. Does that sound selfish? No. Did you meet anyone? Can anyone else vouch for you being in this bar? I don't know. It was called The Shack or something. The barman was chatty but... And what's this selfishness got me, now June's dead? I've got all the freedom I want, I've got all the money I need, but the guilt... It'll never go away, will it? There was just one more thing. What? I think someone came here today. No, in fact, I know they did. And it was really strange. I could hear someone in the house, and then I saw them just as they were driving away. Can you give me a description? Yes, a man from the rental agency, the one who moved us here. Will. What did she want? Just more questions. What sort of questions? Sorry. I didn't go to the spa like I said. They found out. Where did you go? For a drink. Well, it doesn't matter now. Go and pack. I phoned the travel company, brought the flights forward. What? There's nothing to keep us here, is there? Go on! I called the bar Janice Palmer was at. They said she had been in, but couldn't be certain about the time she left. So, she could easily have had time to get back and murder her sister? I don't think so. She seemed to resent her sister, said she wasn't generous with money, but I had the feeling she was really sorry she was dead. Oh, right. Right. You had a feeling... We just got a call from a jeweller. Someone tried to sell June Anderson's jewellery. Who? Dwayne's Estelle. Hey! She's not my Estelle! Really? There's a gold crocheted wine-bottle holder on your desk says differently. She's not my Estelle. How did you acquire these pieces? I found them. Where? I was looking for my cat. Were you aware that you were impeding a murder investigation? I didn't know they belonged to her. My tea leaves said it was going to be my lucky week so... Not so lucky for June Anderson. From what I could see, she'd had enough luck in her life. Nice clothes, fancy holidays... Estelle, that doesn't justify you - Dwayne! Don't judge me. How do you think it feels to be working in houses nicer than your own every day, scrubbing and cooking? I grew up on this island and they swan in and use it! Use me! Even Ronnie and Will... I know how much they charge for those villas and I know how much they pay me. So yes, I took the jewels. And you know what? It's not all I take! Half-finished rum bottles, uneaten chicken... I even go through their bins for fish for my cat, and it ends up killing her! God rest her soul. How d'you think it makes me feel, stealing food at my age? And if that's a crime, then lock me up! Actually, it is a crime. You and Fidel search the area where these were found, see if you can find anything else. Yes, Chief. Fidel, anything? No. Not yet. I'm sorry I didn't say anything about the jewels. Never mind about that now. It's just, you know, I get so lonely. And now with Opal gone, I don't have anyone. So, you know, if one night, maybe wanted to... Estelle! The couple of times we went out, I had fun. I know you did. We both did, didn't we? Yes. But that's all it was. Are you dumping me? Estelle, we were never an item... Dwayne! I've got something! It's exactly the same brand as June Anderson used. The killer must've come from Eagle's Edge, tried to throw it into the bushes with the jewellery. Maybe the killer's a woman? Hm. Why do you say that? Well, women don't throw as good as men. Pfft! Some women. It's just a thought. Or it could be a man. Who's to say? But why take a bottle of sunscreen? Hm... Hm! Fidel. Sir? I'd like you to dust this for prints. I'm beginning to think you're enjoying the sun. Hm. I'm sorry your friend isn't the killer. He's hardly my friend! No, but you know what I mean. Yes. It must've been difficult working with him. Yes. Yes, it was. He called me Dick. It can't be just that. Well, when I joined the Met, people questioned my methods. They said I was pedantic... Well, yes. ..exacting... Just like here. But I got results. In the end, people came to see that. They almost, er, dare I say it, respected for me. So they should. Yes. And then Doug Anderson joined our team. Ahh! I'm guessing he wasn't respecting your methods? He was the life and soul of the party, everybody's mate. Except mine. He sort of singled me out. Started calling me Dick. Before I knew it, the whole station was calling me Dick. That's sort of who I became really - Dick, the, er, freak in the corner. Dick, the jobsworth. Dick, who always does it by the book. Dick, who never gets asked to the pub at lunchtime. That's just what bullies do, isn't it? They, er... ..you know, they, well, they turn the pack against you by setting you apart from the group. Simple, stupid name-calling, isn't it, really? But, er, very effective. Yep. Two years later, Doug got a promotion, moved to a different division, and, erm, well, you know, I was stuck there, the, er, the fool in the corner. You're a lot of things but you're not a fool. Picky, stubborn, impatient... All right, thank you! ..infuriating, irritating, difficult... Stop any time you like. Hang on. Wait. What? Both my feet have gone red. See, it wasn't sunscreen in the bottle Fidel found. So, what was it? I don't know. Moisturiser maybe? So the killer must've exchanged the bottles after she died. Which explains why they went out through the pool. Yes. Someone wanted June Anderson to get sunburned so she'd be home alone. There was a print on the bottle I found. Will Teague's. Will Teague and Ronnie Stuart met while they were both working in private security. They were based in the Gulf, protecting oil convoys. But neither has a criminal record? No. The only thing we found relating to Will's wife is that she was killed in a hit-and-run in Manchester last year. How terrible. He got a big chunk of life insurance. We think that's how he funded his move here. It helped him invest in the rental business with Ronnie. Were there any suspicious circumstances around his wife's death? Don't seem to be. They got an E-FIT of the driver, but the van turned out to be stolen. There were never any convictions, and the police eliminated Will from their enquiries early on. What about Ronnie? He suddenly had a very rich partner. You mean, he could've killed Will's wife? He seemed to benefit from her death. No. I cross-checked the dates. He was here in Saint-Marie. I don't get it. What motive could Will Teague have for killing June Anderson? Why don't we ask him? Yes, I can tell you why my prints were on the bottle. We stock the villas with all the products - shampoo, shower gel, sunscreen. I would've put it in the villa. They could've just as easily been my prints. So, you have no idea how the moisturiser got in the bottle? No. We need to get back into Eagle's Edge at some stage to clean it up. Are we allowed back in yet? When we're finished here, yes. So, you hadn't met June Anderson before this week? No. I'd never spoken to her before. Neither of us had. The first time I met her was when I picked them up from the airport. You're sure about that? Yes. And I had food poisoning at the time of the murder. Estelle cooked us some swordfish. We were throwing up all night and out cold the next day. So, your alibi is your best friend? No. My alibi is, I was sick as a dog. Then, maybe you can explain why you entered Allamanda Retreat earlier today? You said you were fixing the air con at Palm Bay. Look, don't get mad. What? I let Lily stay at Allamanda. She had nowhere else to go and the villa was empty. Why didn't you tell me? Hang on. Who's Lily? Lily Shaw. She's my ex-fiancee. We finished a couple of days ago. She accused me of cheating. You've been helping her? She told me what happened, about the secret calls, the presents she found - Can we focus, please? Why did you go to the villa? Lily left her make-up bag there. I went to get it for her. One more thing... Your wife was killed in a hit-and-run accident last year? Yes. I don't see what that has to do with anything? Neither do I yet. But, er, it was after she died that you came to Saint-Marie? Yes. Ronnie asked if I'd invest in the company, so he came to Manchester to see us just before my wife died. But Karen, she thought... She thought I might drink the money away! You're over the death of your wife and you're moving on to Lily? We're just friends! So, she's the one that's cheating? I don't believe this. Thank you for your time, gentleman. Hey, what's happened? We need to speak to Lily Shaw. Why did you think he was cheating on you? How long have you got? Not long. He's being secretive. I know the signs from last time. He acts differently and - You told Will Teague that he bought this other woman something - a present? I found it at the back of the wardrobe. You're sure it wasn't for you? No. You should've seen it. It was for a much older woman. Is this it? Oh, my God... Yes. What...? Ah, Fidel, I want you to check the prints on this photo against the ones on this scarf. Then I need you to talk to Janice Palmer. Find out about their arrival on the island. Exact details, if you would. And then I need you to call this number... ..in England. Hm? Right, Camille... ..you and I have got a body to dig up. We just thought we'd update you on the murder investigation. Have you got him? Almost. We're just making the last few connections. June Anderson had never been to Saint-Marie before, but, er, everyone else here had been to the UK. Except you, Estelle. Are you trying to pin this on me? We're just wondering whether June Anderson met her killer in the UK. Erm... Ronnie! You travelled back and forth to the UK. In fact, you went to visit Will in Manchester last year. That's not a crime, is it? No, no, no. It's not a crime. And, Will, you lived in the UK until quite recently. In fact, er, until just after the death of your wife. Yes. That's true. But there's no connection between anybody here and June Anderson? None at all. And yet, one of you killed her. Ronnie Stuart. No. You substituted June's sunscreen, ensuring she'd burn, be home alone, and then you strangled her. You strangled her with her own scarf to make it look like a random killing, then arranged the murder scene to make it look like she disturbed a burglar. Janice Palmer told us the scarf that was used to kill her sister had recently gone missing. We've, er, just spoken to Janice Palmer again. She told us that you unloaded their bags here at the villa after picking them up at the airport. I suppose that must've been when you stole the scarf. Scarf? I didn't even know she had a scarf! How do you account for the fact that your ex-fiancee, Lily Shaw, found the exact same scarf in your wardrobe? She assumed it was a gift for your new love - an older woman. It was for an older woman, wasn't it? It was for June Anderson. You're lying. No, no, she's not lying. Fidel? The oily fingerprint found on the scarf is Lily's. We've just matched them. It was bicycle oil on the scarf, proving it was the one she handled and proving it was the one she found in your wardrobe. You're forgetting that I was laid up in bed with food poisoning. Wasn't I, Will? Yes. We both were. Of course. The food poisoning from the swordfish Estelle prepared for you? You didn't know that Estelle had stolen some fish from your bin. It's not stealing if it's in the bin! You didn't know that Estelle "recycled" some fish from your bin, gave it to her cat. She told us the cat died soon after. After performing an exhumation earlier today, we sent the poor lamented Opal for an autopsy. Her body contained a lethal level of Allamandin, a toxin from the Allamanda plant, which grows at the appropriately named Allamanda Retreat. You killed my cat? It was a dose high enough to kill a cat, but in a human it would simply induce symptoms similar to food poisoning. Ronnie must've added the Allamanda to your fish, Will, before serving it to you. But, Ronnie, your symptoms were faked. You can't prove that. Really? I think a simple blood test, once we're done here, will show traces of allamandin in Will's blood stream and none in yours. With Will sick in bed, it allowed you to leave your apartment. You came up here to Eagle's Edge, crept up behind June Anderson, took out the scarf you'd stolen from her Fidel, read him his rights. Is this true? You killed her? Why? I'm not saying anything without a lawyer. You know, if you tell me the truth, I can help you. OK, sir, if you'd like to check the list, confirm all your possessions are accounted for and sign the bottom. Hey, Chief, look at this. Do you think he's a gambler? Get me details of where this was issued. It'll be in Manchester. Casinos, right? Take a closer look. Dicky boy! I just heard! You got him. Bloody well done! There's still a way to go, but... But, er, it's definitely him, yes? The evidence is irrefutable. Ronnie Stuart killed your wife. So, bang to rights, then? Absolutely. Is he in there? Yes, yes. But, er, don't worry, he's not going anywhere. He's in a cell. He's asked me for a few things. I'll go and get them. All right, Fidel. Listen, erm... ..I know we've had our differences, Dicky, but, erm, good work. You got there in the end. I just wish I could, erm, you know... Copper to copper, ..give me five minutes with him? That's not how we do things here. He murdered my June. Even so... If you had a wife, you would know how I feel. I'm sorry, I-I can't. I-I won't sanction that. We should go. Now, I don't have a wife, but I have a sister... Five minutes. You really screwed this up. It wasn't my fault! Yes, well, you got sloppy, letting them find the jewels. No! I am not doing this on my own! You're one of "them". Have a word, get me off this. It's not that easy. I don't care. We had a deal! Not any more. You did mine and I'd do yours. We agreed. You killed Karen, Doug. You ran her over! Yes. And you got the money. The only difference is, I wasn't stupid enough to get caught! No, you... You've got to get me out of this. I'll tell them! When they come back, I'll tell them. You do, they'll find another body. I'll tell them, I swear. Those morons? Be my guest. They'll have a job proving it. Actually, I think we just have. Get out of my way. Everyone thought I was mad to pursue you for your wife's murder, but the minute I saw the crime scene I knew it had to be you. Once we'd proved you couldn't have killed her in person, the obvious solution was that you put someone else up to the job. But who? And what could be the connection? And then I found it! An alcohol sobriety chip... Ronnie has been sober, with the help of a support group, for four years. But someone who has been less successful in recovery is you, Doug. In fact, when we worked together, it was mandatory you attended AA meetings. True. But there's still no way I killed my wife and you know it. But you didn't kill your wife. You killed Will Teague's. What? I've never met the woman. Why would I bump her off? Because someone else agreed to do the same for you. I think you met Ronnie at an alcohol recovery meeting in April last year, didn't you? At the Arnold Rehab Centre in Manchester. The same night that Will's wife refused Ronnie the money to save his business. I was nowhere near Manchester last April. Ah, but you were. We checked. You were at a conference. The 17th April. The same day Ronnie met with Will to ask for the money. One week later, Will's wife Karen was dead, run down by a stolen van. And there was an E-FIT of the driver. Yes, it didn't really strike any chords in the Manchester region, but here in Saint-Marie, we recognised a familiar face. Ronnie had a problem and, er, you told him you could help each other. You'd kill Karen Teague and he'd get the money from Will to save his business if, in return, he killed your wife here on Saint-Marie. There would be no connection. No way to link either of you with each other's crimes. And the local police force would never be a match for you. But we were. And my supposed motive for having June killed? Money. Wrong. All the money went to Janice. You married June for her money. But she kept tight control of it. Left you nothing in the will. But she did have a sister. Who dreamed of love, romance... Someone who had once been in love with you. After a suitable period of mourning, you could've made your move on Janice, got control of the money. Or maybe just organised another strangling... Nice case. But no court would convict on that and the word of some... former drunk. Good work, but you've still got nothing, Dick. Nothing at all. Really? "I don't care. We had a deal. "You did mine and I do yours. We agreed. "You killed Karen, Doug." Yes. And you got the money." I'd say that's better than a confession. He can't help you now, but you can help yourself by telling us the truth. I'm sure that your conversation with Ronnie, coupled with his confession, will be ample to convict you. In fact, I'd suggest you were... Bang to rights. Doug Anderson, I am arresting you for the murder of Karen Teague and for conspiracy to kill your wife, June Anderson. Come on. It's funny, isn't it, all those days you were at the pub with the boys at lunchtime and I was in the office, do you know what "Dick" was doing? Reading. Past files. That's what put me onto you, the similarity to the Charles Tyburn murder. Good job I wasn't in the pub, wasn't it, or I'd never have known about that. Oh, and one more thing... My name is Richard. I think we've earned ourselves a drink, don't you? I know. I thought it might cheer up Estelle a bit, you know? Or at least get her off my back, anyway. What do you think? I think the further that thing stays away from me, the better. Spoil sport. So, you finally got Doug Anderson. How does it feel? Maybe for the first time in his life he got what he deserves. Go on, allow yourself a happy dance! A little cheer? A smile even? Be a happy Richard. Ah-ah! "Sir" to you. Yes, yes, yes, we get it. There's going to be a storm. These conditions may never come round again. Once you've got the stats, get yourselves home. Stay safe. Whoever did this sought to make Hurricane Irma the perpetrator and concealer of the crime. Everyone should stay where they are. We've got about ten minutes before it gets too dangerous to drive back! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 