Death in Paradise: Season 2, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Death in Paradise 
 s2e8 - Episode #2.8 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Death in Paradise (2011–…): Season 2, Episode 8 - Episode #2.8 - full transcript 
 Under sufferance Poole attends a charity fund-raiser,whose host,local conservationist and philanthropist Malcolm Powell,is shot dead. His secretary Vicky claims the killer is a man called Jack Roberts but nobody knows who he is and appears to have vanished into thin air. Discovering that Powell fled to the Caribbean from England having defrauded investors in his company and that evidence of a large sum of money was found in Roberts' burnt out car Poole suspects blackmail. But events are complicated by the fact that Roberts died three years earlier. Clearly somebody has used to name to cover their own involvement in the murder and Poole uncovers a conspiracy. The case is solved and the team celebrate young Fidel passing his sergeant's exams when Poole is temporarily called back to London. Is this the end of his career solving deaths in paradise? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 MUSIC: "Wonderful World, Beautiful People" by Jimmy Cliff ♪ Wonderful world, beautiful people ♪ You and your girl Things could be pretty ♪ But underneath this there is a secret ♪ That nobody can reveal. ♪ You know, I could swear this lot are still alive. See, that one just winked at me. We're police officers, Camille. We should be out catching criminals, not dawdling about, making polite chit-chat at some random fundraiser. You want to save the coral reef, don't you? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Yeah, yeah of course. Actually no... No, I don't, not if I have to do this. Yeah, and seeing as this charity's all about saving sea creatures, how come they're serving prawns, hmm? Bit of a mixed message, don't you think? That'll be him, then. Well, I'll go and meet him, I'll take him through to the study. Yeah - good, good. Very good. All right, sweetie? Fine, yeah. It's a bloody good turn-out. It's all going marvellously. Hot? So, you're here to save the coral reef, are you? Well, actually, I'm here under protest. Yeah, orders from on high. Apparently I am to "press the flesh". 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Flesh which appears to be attached to some very, very dull people. All while eating this dreadful food and choking on the lukewarm vinegar masquerading as wine. How about you? I'm the host. Excuse me. He's making his way to the study. Right, good. Well, let's see what he's got to say for himself, then. Just give me ten minutes and then come in and interrupt us, right? OK. Good. I trust you've been making friends, establishing new contacts? Well... Yes, actually the inspector has just been talking to our host. Excellent. These charity things can be tedious, I know, but surprisingly useful when it comes to negotiating our annual budget. Most of the police committee are here. And I'm sure the Inspector would love to meet all of them. And so he shall. Merci. I said stay round the back! All right! Hi. Hi. I'm Vicky Woodward. Mr Powell's Personal Assistant. Camille Bordey. Hi. God! Oh! Everybody move back, please. Move back. I know who did this. Jack Roberts. That's him! Dwayne, listen to me, there's been a shooting at the Powells' house. The suspect has just left in a silver Mercedes car. I've got a partial registration - 062. See if you can intercept it. So? Well, I can't find any signs of a struggle - no bruising or lesions on the victim's skin and there are no tissues or fibres underneath his fingernails. Good, so he was clearly taken by surprise. And no sign of the murder weapon? No, sir. That's odd. What? Well, this air conditioning unit is on full blast, but the window's wide open. Sometimes people open a window just to get some fresh air. Hmm. Or maybe you think that's how the killer got away? This Jack Roberts, he arranged today's meeting with the secretary, didn't he? That's right. Who in their right mind rings up to make an appointment to commit murder? And even if they did, who arranges that meeting in the middle of a charity fundraiser in broad daylight with crowds of people everywhere? Maybe when he came here, he didn't intend to kill him. They could have argued. Right, let's get the paramedics in. I want everybody out of the house. I want it sealed off. Only the victim's immediate family can stay - once their rooms have been checked. Er, sir? Looks like he was planning a trip. Maybe his secretary knows why. Fidel. Sir? Bullet. Hmm. You're Mr Powell's personal assistant? Yes, I am. This must be very distressing for you. Had you been with him long? Just a little over seven years. Three years here, four back in England. And you arranged the meeting with Mr Powell and Jack Roberts? I did, yeah. What can you tell us about him? Er, well I've only spoken to him on the phone, until today. Um, I saw him arrive, and I went out to his car and um, I brought him back in the study to wait for Mr Powell. What was the nature of their business? Mr Powell didn't say, sorry. I do know that he was very uneasy about the meeting - um, like he didn't want to do it, but didn't have a choice. He actually asked me to interrupt him after ten minutes. I didn't get that chance. If you arranged the meeting, then you must have some contact details? I have a phone number. Please? Yes. And um... could you give us a description? Here we are. Thank you. He was white. Um, 35, 40 maybe, and quite a bit taller than me. Six foot? At least. Yeah. Brown hair. Brown eyes. Build? Quite skinny. What was he wearing? A casual jacket. And jeans. And black shoes. Would you know him if you saw him again? Yes. Definitely. Did anyone else see him? No. Oh, well...actually, Mark may have done. Who's Mark? Mark Grainger. He's one of our divers. He's staying at the house. He needed some overtime. He's working double shifts so he was at the marine reserve last night. He was making his way upstairs as we went through the hall. Anyone else? I don't know. Um... I don't know who else was in the house. Er, Duncan Wood, our gardener - he was outside, so he may have seen him arrive. OK, thank you. Oh, there's one more thing. We found this on Mr Powell's desk. Yes, I made that booking. A one-way ticket to the Cayman Islands? Well, Mr Powell said it was charity business, so he didn't know, you know, how long he was going to stay. Thanks. That's all for now. Thank you. Um, Fidel? Fidel? Sorry, I was just... Yeah, you'd better get this description circulated and check on Dwayne. Sure. Straight to the voicemail. Now there's a surprise. Can I borrow your finger? Here. Come on. Yes, thank you. Right. OK, so the victim was what, five foot ten? Excuse me, thank you. And er, shot through the heart. So, the shot must have been fired... ..from round about... ..here. Hmm, so the shot wasn't fired through the window. Now, there are no scuff marks, no sign of anyone having climbed through in a hurry, no footprints in the flower bed outside, so the question remains - why is it open? I should talk to the other witnesses um, Mark Grainger and Duncan Wood. Talk to the wife, too. See if she knew anything about this Jack Roberts and what the meeting was about. And check with the phone company. See if they can track the number the secretary gave you. OK. Well, that's it really. This bloke pulled up in a car, Vicky met him and took him inside. Um, could you describe him? He looked a bit like my Uncle George. Uh, that doesn't help. Tall, skinny. Had like a blazer on. That's it? Pretty much. Oh, did you hear the gunshot? Look, it was hard not to. Where were you exactly? I nipped round to take a look at the party, when Vicky the rottweiler caught me. I said, keep out the way. I was heading back round to the pool when I heard the bang. Then the guy in the silver car just flew past me like a bullet. And it was the same man you saw go in? Yeah, it was the same man. I'm telling you, Fidel, I know these roads like the back of my hand and it's nowhere to be seen. He's either dumped the car or he's taken the mountain road inland before doubling back somewhere. OK, well, start heading back this way. I've contacted the airport and the marina and I've circulated his description - they're all on the look out - he can't get far. Yeah, that's what they all say. I'll see you in a while. All right. Er, didn't pay much attention if I'm honest. People are coming and going all the time. But you did see him? Yeah, from the back. As they walked towards the study. I said hello to Vicky and she turned round, but the bloke didn't. Could you describe him? Quite tall. Dark hair. Was wearing jeans, I think. Sorry, don't suppose that's much help. No, no, don't worry. That's all right. And when the shot was fired? I was up in my room. I'd been at the centre checking on delivery of new equipment. So I thought I'd get a quick shower and change of shirt before I joined the party. I heard the bang, so I went out to the balcony. You could tell from everyone's reaction it was something bad, so I just ran downstairs. Have you ever heard Mr Powell talk about a Jack Roberts? No. Sorry. OK, thank you for your help. Pleasure. Listen, can I, er, can I be cheeky? Excuse me? Can I take you out for a drink? Tonight, maybe? I know this wicked little beach bar. I don't think so. You've got a boyfriend? No. Then... But I'm a police officer investigating a murder and you're a potential witness. Not the done thing. So it's not a no, then? It's a what - maybe? Still nothing from Dwayne? No. It looks like our killer's vanished into thin air. Talking of air, we'd better get some in that tyre. Yeah, sure. I've never even heard of this man. Who is he? That's what we're trying to establish. You're sure your husband never mentioned him? I'm sure. And I... I didn't even know he had a meeting today. He should have been at the party. So you have no idea what this meeting might have been about? No. Doesn't Vicky know? She, um, she knows much more about his comings and goings than I do. No. There's nothing else you can tell us? I can't believe he's gone. So the wife didn't know what the meeting with Jack Roberts was about, either? He's a man - of course he's keeping secrets from the women in his life. A bit sexist? Um, it's a fact. All men lead secret lives away from their women. And those men that don't, wish they did. Well, I don't have secrets. I've always regarded myself as being something of an open book. Really? Then what's in the metal tin in the top left hand drawer of your desk? No-one can escape their past, can they? So, we're running checks on Jack Roberts. Um... the mobile phone is switched off so they can't track it and there's no record of him entering Saint Marie through immigration. Well, er, he was very brazen. Perhaps he was a professional. Yeah, or he could be local, or he came from one of the other islands by private boat. I'm checking with the marina now. So there are only four people who know of Jack Roberts. Let's get our eye witnesses in front of a police artist, see if we can get a sketch done. And Fidel, run a full background check on Malcolm Powell, see if you can find a link with Jack Roberts. Fidel? Yes, sir? Background check. Yes, sir, on who? Were you listening to anything I said? Yes, sir. Of course, it's just, if you, if you could remind me, that's all. The victim? Right away, sir. What?! ♪ I said yeah I say yeah ♪ It's what I say It's what I say ♪ I say yeah, my lord I say yeah ♪ It's what I say It's what I say ♪ Let's take it up this time... ♪ Right, so Mr and Mrs Powell's assistant, Vicky Woodward, meets this man at his car and leads him into the house. Seen first by the gardener, Duncan Wood. Then by Mark Grainger just as they're entering the study. No-one else saw Jack Roberts. Now, Vicky Woodward returns to the party to collect Mr Powell. On their way back to the house, he instructs her to interrupt the meeting after ten minutes had passed. 'Give me ten minutes then just come in and interrupt us.' Miss Woodward then goes back to the party. But before she can interrupt the meeting as requested, this man shoots Mr Powell, gets into his car, and escapes. Letting down our tyre before he goes, so we can't follow him. Logic would suggest he left via the open window, but there was no physical evidence of that. Did we find any fingerprints on the window frame? Yes, um, but the only clear prints were Mr Powell's and Miss Woodward's. Now, I do not believe he escaped through the open window, I think he went out the way he came in. Yet no-one saw him leave. Why? Because that area of the house was empty, apart from Mr Powell and his killer. Everyone else was at the party. Oh! Except Mark Grainger, but he was upstairs. Honore police station. How do you know that? I saw him myself - upstairs on the balcony seconds after the gunshot. What about the gardener? He was outside as well on the other side of the house, after talking to Vicky Woodward. Sir! It's Dwayne. He's found something. When nothing passed me, I knew he had turned off somewhere, so I retraced the road back to the Powells' house. Then a street trader told me he saw a silver car being driven at speed, turning off down into the lane back there. Well done, Dwayne. Thank you, Chief. This is definitely it. Do we, er, do we know how far we are from the house? Less than half a mile. It makes sense he'd ditch the car as soon as he could. He knew we were looking for him. I want a fingertip search of the area. Let's see if he's dumped the murder weapon. Chief. Sir! One set of footprints - and whoever it was, was dragging something. A small boat? A dinghy maybe? No, no, no, it'd be way too small. He couldn't get very far in that. Right, so he dumps the car, burns it to destroy any evidence and then, er, takes a small boat out to - what? A bigger boat anchored in the bay? Is that why he didn't mind being seen? He knew he'd be long gone? This wasn't a spur-of-the-moment killing, brought on by anger or the result of an argument. This was a premeditated murder, meticulously planned down to the last detail. Yep. Chief! Look. It's those paper things they use to bind up bank notes. Each one, 2,000. And there's ten of them. 20,000. How can we can check if there was a bigger boat in the area? To get to this part of the island it must have passed the harbour and the quayside. OK, let's check it, if we can get a name of the boat, we can alert the coastguard. Done. OK, sir - I've checked everywhere by the car and there is no sign of the murder weapon. No, no, of course not. That'd be far too easy, wouldn't it? Er, nothing about this case makes any sense. Go on. Right, well the air conditioning was on full blast, but the window was wide open. Secondly, the killer clearly went to the Powell house to commit murder, yet made no attempt to conceal his identity. Just shot the victim through the heart, drove off in full view of everybody. And why did he have 20,000 in cash? Payment? If he was a professional? Yeah, paid by whom? I ran a full number plate of the car. It was stolen. Something else that doesn't make any sense. Why? Criminals steal cars to give them anonymity. Our killer was happy to make an appointment in his own name! You know, why not use his own car? Or simply hire one? Why go to the trouble of stealing a car and run the risk of getting caught? Fidel, where are we up to on the background check on Malcolm Powell? Fidel! Hmm? What is the matter with you today? Every time I look at you, you're on that bloody phone! I'm sorry, sir. Come on then, come on. What is it? You've got some new app-game-twit-face feature that does your shopping for you, while totting up your bank account and telling you the weather in North Korea? No, sir. Well, what is it, then? It's my sergeant's exams. Good, thank you! It's your sergeant's exams! Yes, good... I didn't know that, did I? It's good. I should be getting my results today. They said they'd call. But I should be focusing on my work, not on that. I'm sorry, I won't let it happen again. Unless they ring? No, of course, thank you. And er, yeah - I wouldn't worry, Fidel, I'm sure you've passed with flying colours. Thank you, sir. The Powell report is on your desk. Thank you. Good work. OK, so I checked the harbour office. They didn't see any boats passing that way. I also spoke to the fishermen round there. They have a clear view of the bay from where they sit. They didn't see anything either. So he's still on the island? So burning the car, the tracks to the water - all an elaborate distraction. But a distraction from what? What doesn't he want us to find? And why didn't he leave the island when he had the chance? Another dead end. I ran a check on the other islands. I've got 17 matches for the name Jack Roberts. Only eight of those were in the right age range. Two are dead, one is in prison and of the remaining five, four are of Caribbean descent. What about the other one? Um, he lives in Antigua. So? He could have come here by boat. And he's also five feet four and weighs 23 stone. Ah. Right, OK, real name or not, I want to know who gave Jack Roberts 20,000. Why can't we just dust those bands for prints? No, it's not possible. With porous paper like that, only the labs in Guadeloupe will have equipment sensitive enough. So, no. That's where you're wrong, Fidel. Could someone be so kind as to buy me a tube of wart cream? What? What's that? There's been an explosion up at the old mine and you need to get help as fast as you can? Everyone's a critic, eh? So, you found your wart cream? Which, as I'm sure you know, contains one very useful active ingredient - silver nitrate. Yeah, of course I knew. OK, go on - how does this experiment work? Right. Well, the silver nitrate impregnates the soft paper and reacts with the sweat in the fingerprints to form silver chloride. So I started it last night and now the paper has dried out, it's er, well, just a question of exposing the new compound to ultraviolet light. If you'd like to hold that, please. Because under UV light, silver chloride fluoresces... ..revealing the prints. Any matches? Yes, I have, er, yes, 33 clear prints so far - all belonging to the same person. Who? Malcolm Powell. Why would Malcolm Powell be giving 20,000 to his killer? Well, I did some company searches on his UK businesses last night, and it seems that Malcolm Powell isn't quite the man everyone's been telling us he is. Can I help you? Yes. You can talk to me about Lindman Investments. It was the main reason the Powells came here. You know, the economic situation in the UK was awful, everyone hating any kind of financial institution. Especially a corrupt one. The company ran into trouble. He did what he did to save it. The press called it a Ponzi scheme, but you know what? It was a lot more complicated than that. But he still conned all his investors out of their money. He paid for his mistakes. You know, I doubt that escaping prosecution and moving to the Caribbean was seen by everyone as justice. He was truly sorry those people lost their money. And Jack Roberts? Oh, well... Jack Roberts started calling a few weeks ago. He was demanding a meeting. He was one of the UK investors for Lindman? Um, yeah. He wouldn't give up. He was threatening to expose him and go to the press, and in the end, Mr Powell agreed to pay him off. 20,000. How did you know that? Never mind, carry on. Well, Jack Roberts insisted on collecting the cash face-to-face. And that's what the meeting was about? Uh-huh. Why didn't you tell us any of this before? It took Mr and Mrs Powell almost three years to build a new life for themselves here. I guess I'm still trying to protect that. Very well, that'll be all. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, no - one more thing. How long have you been in a relationship with the gardener? I don't trust her. What, because she was having an affair with the gardener? A bit prudish, isn't it? I thought you French were supposed to be the great romantics. She's been his personal assistant for seven years. She must have known what he was doing in the UK. I think it's time to talk to the wife. So? Anything? No. I don't understand. They said they'd have the results today. But they'll phone? Yes. Or maybe send an email. Or even a letter. But definitely today? Yes - today, today, today... Or tomorrow. Or maybe the day after that, I don't know, I'm not sure. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! so you mean to say, I have to suffer two more days of you looking like a horse with a toothache? I think I only slept one hour last night. My stomach was all knotted up, I keep waking up in cold sweats, it's crazy. You shouldn't let it get to you like this, man. I know, Dwayne, but it's important. Things have been tough since the baby arrived. Juliet can't work, and well - well, money's tight. I could lend you some. No, thank you but it's not just about that, it's not just about the now, it's about the future. You know, being a man. Being able to provide for my family. Fidel, you don't need money to be a great dad and you don't need sergeant stripes either. Yes, OK it's not just that, it's... I want Juliet to be proud of me as well. Fidel, she already is. You think? I know. Yeah. You want a man hug? A what?! Come here, man! I knew it would be something like this. You can't just steal people's money and walk away. Mrs Powell. We believe that before he died, your husband tried to buy Jack Roberts off. D'you know anything about that? No, of course not! Were you aware that he had 20,000 in cash? No, but I wouldn't be. There was always cash lying around the house. Malcolm was an old barrow boy. He preferred it, said it was easier to keep track of. When did you know his investment company was a scam? The same time as everybody else. I was horrified and not just because of what he'd done, but because he'd kept it from me. It was a tough time for us. Our marriage only survived because he agreed to come out here three years ago and... I know what you must think. But my husband was a good man - he was a kind man. And the charity was testament to that. He just... he just took a wrong turn and...and couldn't find his way back. Good morning, sir. Oh, I got the interim report back from the pathologist. All right, so Malcolm Powell was killed by a 9mm bullet that pierced his heart - it was the right ventricle - and the striations to the flesh around the wound suggest that the gun was held directly at his body when it was fired. Sounds like an execution to me. Right. And I also contacted the Serious Organised Crime Agency back in the UK about Lindman Investments. Now, they seem to think that up to £18 million was taken from investors before the company collapsed and not all of it was found either. They think Malcolm Powell had it? Well, if he did, they didn't find anything. So, who was our victim, hmm? An inept businessman who simply took a wrong turn? Here in Saint Marie to rebuild his life, make amends with his charity work? Or a crook? Hmm, a crook. Well, you know what they say, a leopard never changes its spots. Yeah, Fidel, I want you to go to the bank. Check all the accounts held there in either Powell's or his wife's name. In particular, I want you to look at the statements for the Marine Reserve. If you would, follow the money! Yes, sir! Camille. Yes. See if you can get the police reports. Get a list of all the people who lost money in Lindman Investments. OK. We have a problem. What? I've just spoken to Lucille. She's a systems coordinator on the fifth floor of Government House. We had a little thing going on last year, nothing serious, just a bit of summer loving and some windsurfing... Yes, all right, Dwayne, thank you. spare us the gory details, if you would. Yes, of course, sir. Anyway, the fifth floor is where the exam board is, and I asked her to check on the sergeant's exam results. Dwayne! That is completely unethical. What did she say? That they were posted out this morning. Posted? And the post office is closed for the weekend. Did she say whether he'd passed? She hasn't got a clue. And neither will he until Monday now. I checked the list of investors for Lindman UK and I've found a Jack Roberts. He lost everything he had. Ah! At last. Something that makes sense. No, not exactly. He disappeared. Three years ago, a boating accident - he fell from his yacht in La Manche. Oh, right - the English Channel. La Manche. Yeah, it's what I said. The English Channel. Why is it English? I don't know really, but it's called the English Channel. Was his body found? No. Still listed as missing, presumed dead. I've got it! You were right to make me follow the money. What have you found? Well, firstly, it seems Mr Powell took out cash from his personal account regularly, 2,000 at a time. His wife said he liked to carry cash. Yes, but then I checked the marine reserve account. And? All cleared out, two days ago. Up to 3 million was wired into a bank account in the Cayman Islands. Look. Which explains the plane ticket we found. He was going to leave the country. Once a crook, always a crook! Exactly. Hold on. This doesn't make any sense. We've been assuming Jack Roberts killed Malcolm Powell because of money he lost three years ago. And now we discover that Jack Roberts is dead. What? Yes. According to this, we have five witnesses who saw him swept overboard into the English Channel. La Manche. Just ignore it. Two others dived in to try and rescue him. So if Jack Roberts is not our killer, what if it's someone using his name to avenge him? But why make an appointment to do it for the middle of a charity party? In broad daylight - surrounded by so many people? Someone who wants to be caught? Ah! That is the paradox right at the heart of the case, isn't it? The only logical reason to kill someone during a daylight party is because you want to be seen and yet, no-one saw him commit the murder. Maybe that's it. The identity of the killer seemed so obvious, we just accepted it, we didn't question it. Right, when you hit a dead end, throw out everything you think you know and start again. So, if we dismiss Jack Roberts as a possible suspect for the moment, who else could have killed Malcolm Powell? At the precise moment the shot was fired, where was everyone? The gardener - Duncan Wood - he was in plain view. Could he be the killer? Absolutely not. The same goes for Vicky Woodward. Right, Mark Grainger appeared on the balcony above the study, seconds after the gunshot, so he couldn't have done it, either. Statements indicate Mrs Powell wasn't actually seen when the shot was fired. We only saw her when we arrived at the house. I think she genuinely loved him. She would be the last on my list. In a case of paradoxes, maybe that makes her the most likely. No, no, no, no, no, no - there's something else, isn't there? There's the other things. There's the... I mean, why was the window left open? And the drawer. And who made the appointment and drove the car if Jack Roberts had been dead three years? It's not possible. You're right sir, it's not possible. If Jack Roberts isn't our killer... Because he's been dead three years. ..And you're also saying that Mrs Powell can't be... I don't think so. ..Then no-one's our killer. Because when Malcolm Powell died, everyone was in the garden, weren't they? It's not possible to be in two places at the same time. What? I said it's not possible... No, I heard you. That's brilliant. You can't be in two places at the same time! Except, of course you can. In fact, that's the only thing that makes any sense! Right, you say the victim regularly took out bundles of cash in 2,000 chunks. Is that right? Yes, sir. Is the house still sealed off? It is. We allowed Mrs Powell to stay, but the murder scene's been preserved. OK, get everyone to the house. First I need a search warrant. Yes, sir. I want to search the bedroom above the study. The murder weapon is not here. The house was sealed off. It has to be here. Wait. Someone has moved the carpet. Sorry to have kept you all waiting. It's just this case has been a particularly difficult nut to crack. It's true that we had eye witnesses placing the killer at the scene. Identified as Jack Roberts. And we later discovered that Jack Roberts was an investor, who was cheated out of his money by Mr Powell's UK company, Lindman Investments. Which gave us a motive. So we had a killer and a motive. Excellent start. Until we discovered that Jack Roberts had been missing, presumed dead for over three years. Around the time you came here from England, was it not? Yes. So was Jack Roberts our killer or not? Was he dead or alive? To be honest, I didn't hold out much hope we'd ever find him. But in fact, he's in this very room. Or at least the real killer is. The one who used the name of Jack Roberts to create something of an elaborate illusion. You see, this was to be the perfect murder. Predicated on the fact that Mr Powell had a reputation for being less than honest with other people's money. Just tell me who killed my husband? Well, it's obvious, when you think about it. There's only one person here with the organisational skills necessary to pull off such a meticulously-planned murder. It was you, Vicky, the secretary. You killed Malcolm Powell. What!? Just as it was you who emptied the charity's bank accounts. And bought the plane ticket in his name to make it look like he was about to skip the country. I'm sorry, you saw me! I was in the garden when he was killed! Ah, yes, you were, weren't you? And you can't be in two places at the same time, can you? Therefore - logically - seeing as you're the killer... Mr Powell must have been killed at a different time. A fact that I was able to prove about ten minutes ago when I found the murder weapon. in the bedroom above the study. The house was sealed off, it has to be here. Perhaps you can tell me why did everyone hear the shot that killed Mr Powell when the gun that was used to fire it was fitted with a silencer? There were two shots fired that day, weren't there? One with the silencer and one without. Two shots? So, you're saying she had what an accomplice? No, Mark. I'm saying she had two. As you well know because you were one of them. That can't be true. And you were the other. Weren't you, Duncan? Because this wasn't one person masquerading as Jack Roberts, it was three! You see this was a plan hatched between lovers. The all-knowing, ever present trusted personal assistant and her gardener boyfriend. I'm not really sure at what point they enlisted you, Mark. Perhaps they knew you were in financial difficulties. Er, Mark Grainger, he's working double shifts. How do you know all this? Well, it's simple, really. If the real Jack Roberts died three years ago - as he almost certainly did - then the three people who claim to have seen him and who all gave an identical description of him, must be in cahoots. This wasn't about revenge, this was about stealing 3 million. Miss Woodward would have known about Jack Roberts - the fact his body was never found. How dramatic, a man who lost everything, returned from the dead to wreak his terrible revenge. The perfect stooge, to provide each of you with the perfect alibi. It began with Mark driving the car to the house. We all saw the car arrive but couldn't see who was driving. Well, I'll go and meet him. I'll show him into the study? To be met by Vicky, as arranged. But rather than show him into the study, she let him make his way upstairs. She then went to get her employer bringing him back to the house. Once in the study, she went to her desk, opened the drawer, took out her gun and shot Malcolm Powell through the heart. No-one heard anything because she used a silencer. She then moved to the window and opened it. Mark lowered a bag from upstairs. Vicky retrieved the car keys from it then sent him the gun in return. She then left the house stopping only to give her lover Duncan the car keys. By the time you exchanged pleasantries with Sergeant Bordey Mr Powell was already dead. And it was time for the next part of your plan. Once he'd removed the silencer and fired the gun again. The plan was to make sure he was seen on the balcony within seconds of the gun shot. Thereby giving both himself and Miss Woodward the perfect alibi. First of course, you had to hide the gun and the silencer. The house was sealed off, but no doubt you intended to come back and retrieve it, once we were off on a wild goose chase. Which was your next job, wasn't it? You made sure we couldn't give chase and then made off in the Mercedes. All that was left to do was to leave a false trail for us to follow. We were supposed to think that Mr Powell had tried to buy Jack Roberts off before he then escaped the island on a boat. You dumped and burnt the car. You even left behind some cash wraps as the final piece of evidence, no doubt collected by Miss Woodward over the preceding months. Duncan then made his way around the headland as if he'd never been gone. And you were left with three cast-iron alibis and 3 million in cash, just waiting to be picked up. After all, none of you could have been near the study when the shot was fired. And if that wasn't enough, we'd all seen the killer arrive together, heard the shot together, and watched him drive away together. The perfect murder. For which all three of you will spend the rest of your lives in prison. Lock them up. You should have been there, Maman. Seriously this time, it was brilliant. Genius. Ah, I don't know about that. Ah, credit where it's due, Chief. Well, as much as I'd like to take all the credit, it was a team effort, so thank you. Well, we've had some excitement here today, you know. Oh, what? Someone broke into the Post Office. No! A window was forced open. Must have been kids. I guess. Although talking about post. This arrived for you earlier, Fidel - I forgot to mention it. Wait! Earlier, when? Earlier. Before now. The Post Office was already closed when you found out this had been posted. Chief, will you take off your detective head? You're amongst friends now. If I find out you broke into that Post Office... Don't worry. You won't find out. Look, can I have it or not? I suppose so, although strictly speaking this makes us all accessories. I'll risk it. I passed! Come here. Bravo, Fidel! Thank you, sir. Yes, aye! Please, carry on. You've done a great job. And I hear congratulations are in order, Sergeant Best. Yes sir, thank you. I just need to give Juliet a call. Can I buy you a drink, Commissioner? A small rum perhaps, just to mark the occasion. Coming right up. Could we have a word, please? If it's about the Post Office, I have five eye witnesses who saw me on the other side of the island, OK? Sir. Commissioner. Chief. Congratulations. You have quite a team. Yes, yes, I do. I've just had a conversation with an Inspector Darwin of the Serious Organised Crime Agency in London. Oh? He headed up the investigation of Malcolm Powell and Lindman Investments UK. I see. Yeah. A substantial amount of the money invested in the company was never recovered. So I understand. He seemed to think the fact we've just charged Powell's assistant with his murder might prove useful. They want to question her. So when are they coming? They want to interview her in London. Ah, right. They want her escorted by a senior officer. I suggested you. Me? It makes sense. You know the details of the case. So, I'd have to go back to London? Just for a few days. If you took this evening's flight, you'll be there in the morning and back by Friday? Well, yeah. I mean that would be great sir, thank you. Wow. Your flight leaves at six o'clock, I'll have a cab pick you up at your house in an hour. I'll have the prisoner taken directly to the airport, you can pick her up from there. An hour. Crikey. I suggest you go home and pack. I think he just said I'm going back to London for a few days. Oh, I tell you it's a job to know what to pack. It will be winter over there, you know. I checked the weather. Overcast. Four degrees. Ha, ha! It's not even that cold in my fridge. But you will be back on Friday? Yeah, that's the plan. Of course things might change. You know, not saying they will, but, you know being here wasn't really the plan, was it? Not exactly. It just sort of happened. One minute I was in Croydon and the next... I mean, not that I haven't loved it, you know, I have. And you and... Well, all of you! You know, the gang. Yeah. Loved every minute of it. Well, maybe not every minute, you know, in the main. Anyway, it's only till Friday. Probably. No need for big goodbyes. Oh, actually I will need someone to look after Harry. Harry? Yeah, my lizard. I had to give him a name. I couldn't just keep calling him lizard. Only you could call a lizard Harry. Yeah, it was in the paper when I was trying to think of a name. Prince Harry. I think he looks quite like him. He likes fruit, you know. Well, mangoes, and erm... any bugs you can catch. You know, he sort of likes it best if you, if you mash the bugs up in the fruit. No big deal, a couple of times a day. Well, in the morning at eight and again at six. Don't worry, I'll take care of your lizard. Ah! Beer! Just what I need. You won't come back, will you? Yeah, of course I will. No, you won't. You'll get home, it will be cold and raining and you'll have a pint of beer in your pub and you'll want to stay there. All packed, Chief? Yes, well. I mean, not really much to, erm... you know, it's only a few days. It won't be the same without you, Sir. Oh, gosh, there's my car. Yeah, coming! I'd better take that, Chief. Hold on. Right, well... So, we'll see you on Friday then, Sir. Yep. Absolutely. Safe flight, Chief. Back before you know it. Harry! I'm telling you, he's not coming back. By the time he gets that cold in his bones and that rain in his face, he'll think he's died and gone to heaven. No, Dwayne. He'll be back. Won't he, Camille? He said he would. Of course he did and I'm sure he meant it when he said it. But it'll all be different when he's home. Yeah, maybe. Look, I think the inspector is a man of his word. I tell you what though, he was funny. It could have been 110 in the shade and he'll be sitting there in a suit and tie drinking a cup of tea. Moaning about how hot it is! Of course it's hot! You've got a woollen suit on! Or with the motorbike, he would hold on so tight like that. It was like Wallace and Gromit. His knuckles were white. I tell him the jeep was being used even when it wasn't, just to get him in the sidecar. You know what, I have never heard anybody moan like he did. It was too hot. The sand was too sandy. And the milk wasn't the right milk. Well, he'll be somewhere tonight, with a huge plate of fish and chips, a mug of tea and a crossword. A toast! To the most annoying, childish, pedantic, funny, brilliant man I've ever met. Inspector Richard Poole. Richard Poole! Oh, you look nice. What, this? It was the first thing I saw when I opened the wardrobe. Oh really? I just thought with it being Friday... Is it? Mm. Which means Richard will be back. Well, I suppose it does, I'd forgotten all about it. Well, I think the London flight lands at four... Yeah, 4:30! I think. Do you want to go to the airport? Of course not. Why would I? Anyway, I think the Commissioner is going to meet him. So you don't want to do anything special then? What time is it? Quarter to six. So land at half past four, get cases by what five? More or less. Get to the car. Friday evening traffic, should be here by... Quarter to six? He'll be here, don't worry. The suspense is killing me. What is it? The Commissioner's car. Good evening, team. He was on the flight, right? Ah. Bit of a problem on that front. Too right, there's a problem. They lost my luggage. Again! That's two flights I've made to this benighted island and both times they've lost my luggage! It's like they've got some kind of twisted vendetta against me. What is the point of having a luggage carousel if there's never anything on it! Hmm? I mean they should maybe turn it into something else, like a revolving fruit and vegetable display or a children's ride. I mean they call it paradise, but they've got a very funny idea of what paradise is, if it includes walking around in a hundred degree heat in the same pants for a fortnight! Welcome home, Chief. It's good to have you back. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 