Death in Paradise: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Death in Paradise 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Death in Paradise (2011–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 Lisa Moore is murdered with a spear-gun minutes after her beach wedding,in a room for which she had no key. Aided by new sergeant Camille Poole suspects Lisa was having an affair,either with best man Adam or the hunky diving-instructor Stefan,whose prints are the only ones on the murder weapon. Then it is announced that Lisa was an heiress,due to inherit a large legacy on getting married. So was the motive greed or a crime of passion? At least Poole,having wrapped up the case,gets a decent cup of tea,courtesy of Camille's mother,and gets to go for a paddle. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I can't stop looking at it! It's gorgeous. And this place - everything I've ever dreamed of. Oi! You're marrying me, Darren Moore. You're mine now, forever! MUSIC: 'Duettino Sull'aria' from 'The Marriage Of Figaro' Coconut? No, thank you. I've got a coconut... No, sorry, not really a chilli man myself. Yes, it looks absolutely delicious, yes... Not my size, I don't think, no. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Yeah, yeah, perhaps on the way back. Am I too late? For afternoon tea? I'm sorry, sir. I'm a police officer. I'm a police officer, and I want a cup of tea. Well, welcome to the family, Darren. Cheers. Thanks, Mike. And don't worry, we'll look after her. You'd better. To Darren and Lisa. To Darren and Lisa. Now, everybody back down here in an hour for cocktails. Good idea, come on. Hurry up. Come on, let's go. Ahhh. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Urgh! Hi. OK, so, um... Your biggest cocktail. You know, umbrellas, swizzle sticks, rum, tequila... whatever you've got, just chuck it in, set fire to the thing if you want and bring it to the table, because I - I am so loving this place. You've been looking at your watch every five minutes since lunch... so I followed you. That is totally underhand. Excuse me, sir, I didn't sneak away from work. I just wanted a decent cup of tea. Alone. You think I'm happy with this? I'm stuck with you, you with me. Thanks for reminding me. The way I see it, we may as well make the best of it. Starting with, erm... Oh! That! SCREAMING Did you see that? Yes. RADIO: Please report current situation. Can you confirm ETA? Over. Body bagged and on gurney, estimated arrival... SOBBING Victim fell from the fifth floor, the VIP suites. On her wedding day. We need statements from the staff and witnesses and a forensics and scene of crime team assembled. Then there's the family. Well, that's the forensics and crime scene team assembled. Is that CCTV camera recording? Yes, sir. Hang on. Good afternoon, my name is William and I'm the butler for this floor. May I show you to Suite 502? SECURITY LOCK BEEPS You reckon they give special rates to cops? Dwayne, I don't think I could afford even the special rates. So, what do we... Ah-ah! Ah, right. So, if the victim was shot and fell from the balcony... What was that sticking out of her, a, erm, harpoon? It was probably a bolt fired from a Predator 4500 spear gun... the yellow striped model. You can tell that, can you? Yes. Because you snorkel? No, because it is what it says down the side. Right, everyone, start bagging evidence, I want it logged and back to the station pronto. OK, so that was the victim's room, was it? No, sir. The bridal suite is over there. So whose room's this? That was vacated this morning. The maid had cleaned it - it was empty. Then how did the victim get into it? I wouldn't know, sir. Right, so if she was murdered in there and this is the bridal suite, what else have we got? This is the best man, Mr Adam Fairs. And here? This is Sally Watson, Lisa Watson's sister and chief bridesmaid. And the mother and father of the bride, Mr and Mrs Watson. How long have...? Could anyone have used these stairs? No, sir, those doors are alarmed. But are they? Yes. And yet... ALARM BELL RINGS LOUDLY Yes. So, the killer couldn't have got in that way - or out that way. But the question still remains... how did the victim get into a room she didn't have a key to? I thought you said this room had been cleaned? Yes, sir. This is a "cleaning in progress" label, why hasn't it been removed? I wouldn't know. Do you think that's important? I wouldn't ask otherwise, would I? OK. Could you excuse us just for a moment? SNAPS FINGERS I am a detective sergeant in the Sainte-Marie Police Force. I graduated top of my year, I have three commendations for bravery, I have been shot twice, and I could almost certainly beat you in a fist fight. Whereas you - you are a rude man, you are ignorant, full of your own self-importance, expecting everyone to follow you around and hang on your every word. From now on you'll treat me with a little more respect, or I'll be forced to forget I'm a police officer, OK? After you. First question - where on Earth would the killer get a spear gun from? In the Caribbean? Do you have a diving school? Yes, ma'am. PHONE RINGING SWITCHES PHONE OFF How could anyone do such a thing? Darren! It's OK, I'll go. Diving's a popular activity with your guests, is it? Yes, sir. Particularly with the female guests. Why's that? William, I've told you, if you want the ladies you've got to get a new look. I wouldn't know, sir. Stefan, I presume? Yes. Detective Inspector Richard Poole. The hotel has 15 spear guns. Are they all there? I'll let you know tomorrow. Can't you just count them now? Some might be in the hotel workshop. I'll let you know in the morning when they open. Did you take Lisa Moore out diving? Or Lisa Watson, as she was? I don't think so, I'll check the hotel booking form. Tomorrow? I understand your diving school's very popular with the hotel's female guests. The coral is beautiful - women appreciate beauty. Must be very distracting for you, teaching women to dive, in their bikinis, all day. Ever had a relationship with one of the female guests? Womanising diving instructor? It's a little cliched, don't you think? Did you carve all these? Yeah, you like them? Very much. So! That's the inventory for the spear guns and the booking forms, and all by first thing tomorrow, if you would, thank you. Here. SHE MUMBLES So, here is the bridal party returning from the beach. Oh, hey, hey, pause that! Go back a few seconds. There, look. The bride just said something to the best man. What's his name? Adam Fairs. Play it again, would you? Run it on. OK, so the bridal party are all on the floor, what happens next? No-one comes or goes for five minutes. WHISPERS: What? WHISPERS: Your behaviour with Jacques Cousteau back there. Did you give him your number? Oh, no. I gave him yours. Look you can't just go picking up... Just relax, OK? Oh, who's that? The maid, Margaret Du Bois. She's already on the VIP floor but this is her leaving. And no-one uses the lift either to go up to the VIP suites or to leave until 15:10. Lisa Moore is killed about now, so watch. OK then, pause that. That's everyone, isn't it? How do you mean? Well, no-one could have used the stairs, no-one came up in the lift, so, one of those six people killed Lisa Moore. OK, things that don't make sense - why a spear gun? It's not the easiest weapon to get in and out of a room, is it? And why was a "cleaning in progress" label left on the handle of the room? Can't that just have been a mistake? A mistake? Yeah. Bit of a coincidence, don't you think? Why not? I don't believe in coincidences. These are the names of the wedding party, I'd like you to get onto DCI Roy Halliwell in London. Tell him I'd consider it a personal favour if he'd run them through the computer. Thanks, Fidel. So what are we doing? Right, yes. Well, I think first 'we' should go and talk to the family. We're very sorry for your loss, but we have a few questions we need to ask. Surely you're not saying any of us are under suspicion? At this stage we're simply trying to establish the facts of the case. Do you know anyone who'd want to harm your daughter? It was obviously a madman or disgruntled hotel employee. Nonetheless, in order to do our job we need to establish where everyone was at the time of your daughter's death. Of course. We'll do everything we can to help. So, Mr Watson. Well, we all just came back up to change after the wedding. SECURITY LOCKS BEEP May I take your leis? Can I offer you a cocktail? Thank you. And where were you, Mrs Watson? I was out on the balcony. Did you see your daughter fall from the balcony? She's not her daughter. I am, though. Sally, please. Not now. Lisa's mother died when she was young. When I met Diana, she already had Sally. So Lisa was your step-daughter? When I saw her... lying on the rocks like that I... I started to scream and I couldn't stop. SCREAMING And, William? You heard the scream? Yes, sir. I was making cocktails when I heard Mrs Watson. I believe Mr Watson came from the bedroom as I came from the kitchen. Darren, this is the police. If you're not up to it, then I am sure they will understand... This is a complete waste of time, we were all in our rooms, OK? Sweetheart, please... Dad, they're going round one by one! I was in my room, Adam was in his room, Darren... I don't know, but you should be out there looking for Lisa's killer, not standing around chatting! PHONE RINGS Well, answer it! I'm sorry. PHONE: Adam, are you there? Hang on. Sally's right, I was in my room, we were all in our rooms. I've got to take this. Darren, you were in the bridal suite? Yeah. Lisa said she was going for a drink with her dad and I was going to change my shirt and join them. And that's when it happened. SCREAMING What was that? It's Lisa! So you were all in your rooms? It would seem so. Does anyone know why Mrs Moore went into Suite 502? Or know how she got into the room? Have any of you taken a hotel diving lesson? Yes, Lisa did. Just Lisa? Yeah. Why? Thank you for your time. Our condolences for your loss. So, it turns out the victim went diving with Stefan after all? Yes, well done for that. Ah, DCI Halliwell, hello, this is police officer Fidel Best calling from Honore Police Station in Sainte-Marie... It's an island in the Caribbean. Now, DI Richard Poole asked us to call you... Well, of course, sir, it's just gone 6pm... Margaret? The hotel manager says you are the maid who cleaned the VIP suites this afternoon. Did you see anything out of place at all or odd while you were on the fifth floor? Uh-uh. Perhaps you can tell us why you left a "cleaning in progress" label on Suite 502? I must have forgotten to take it off. So you've been cleaning the rooms on this floor since the wedding party arrived? Is there anything at all you think we should know? Well, there was one thing... I'd just finished my work and I went back to room 502. 'I opened the door and that's when she came out... ' Margaret! Can I use your room key? Oh, no... Please? Please, I'll be really quick. Thank you so much. Thank you. So, you let her in? Pease don't tell anyone, I've been in trouble before. The butler on that floor, William - he's always on my case. Your secret's safe with us. He's so stiff and uptight you have no idea what it's like working for someone like that. So, why did Lisa want to go into Suite 502, do you think? Well, she was excited, you know? If you ask me, she was meeting someone. Are you sure? I've worked in hotels a long time, I know the look. So, in lieu of any kind of database with which to coordinate the case, we'll have to do this the old-fashioned way. Suspect... means... motive... and opportunity. Now, as far as I can see, anyone on the fifth floor could have killed Lisa, then got back to their room unseen before Diana started screaming. They all had opportunity. But not the parents, sir... they'd have had to get past William in the kitchen. But is that so? You see, William was whizzing up a cocktail in the blender. He'd have had his back to the door, it would have been noisy as hell. I'm sure either Mike or Diana could have slipped out and back unnoticed, if they were daring enough. No, they all remain as suspects. So, means? I guess any one of them could have stolen a spear gun from the hotel. Good. It's motive, that's what we're missing. Who'd want Lisa dead on her wedding day? And who'd want to kill her with a spear gun? Well... Yes?! None of them. That's very helpful, thank you. But that's it, I can't see any parent wanting to kill their daughter on her wedding day. Diana's only her step-mother, remember. But even so. And Darren? What kind of person would kill their wife minutes after marrying her? Uh, a murderer? He's right, Chief. Who'd kill a bride? One of this lot! OK?! And it's our job to find them and bring them to justice. Now, leads! Come on, what have we got? Oh, gosh, still me, is it? OK, right, how about this? The maid said that Lisa was meeting someone in Suite 502. Who? Anyone? Adam could be the obvious choice as she was whispering to him in the lift. But Lisa can't have known a maid was going to leave a suite free at that moment, so how did she arrange a meeting? Did she have a mobile phone on her when she was killed? No, sir. Use the phone in the suite? OK, so she uses an internal phone to make the call - and then? Her murderer arrives. But who? Have we heard back from DCI Halliwell? He said he'd ring back. When the office opened. Oh, it's late, maybe we should pick up again in the morning. Thanks, Chief! You know, back in London we'd have a second team working throughout the night, getting exclusion prints from all the suspects. It's what we need but, erm, it's not what we've got, is it? You've got me, sir! Yeah, I know, Fidel. Go home - we'll start again tomorrow. Night! If we're looking for a motive, it has to be love, or hate. It's a crime passionnel - a woman killed on her wedding day? That "cleaning in progress" label's still bothering me. Because it's a mad, passionate, reckless murder... As clerical errors go it's inexcusable. Look can we please forget about the label? You're obsessed. One thing's always puzzled me about weddings. Just one? The whole cride throwing the bouquet thing, I just don't get it. What's to get? She just throws a bouquet... Yeah, I understand the mechanics, it's just, who'd come up with a system of matrimony based on the random distribution of flowers? OK, so the murder - you know who I think did it? Who? The butler, of course! It's always the butler. But how did William kill her? And why? How does he benefit? He only met Lisa for the first time three days ago... what possible motive could he have to kill her? You don't really do banter, do you? PHONE RINGS Oh, hello? OK. OK, you're on. What? I've got a date. Hey. Want a drink? So, you're a cliche after all. The womanising diving instructor. Ah, so you're still on duty. I'm always on duty. So, you gave me your number to see if I'd call? And you did. Yes, but you don't know why I called. I think I can guess. I checked the logs - it turns out I gave Lisa Moore a diving lesson two days ago. And you called me just to tell me that? And I contacted the workshop - there's a missing spear gun. Yellow Predator 4500. Thought it might be important. Oh and, er, I've got a girlfriend. Why would I be interested in you? Just trying to help the police with their enquiries. So that's why you were flirting with him earlier? You were, um, testing him, using your, um, feminine... you know. Do you really think if it was a real date that I'd bring you along to sit in the car park? A woman's mind is a complete mystery to me. I know what I'm doing. He's lying about something. ENGINE STARTS Home? No way, I need a drink. Oh, you know where we should go? Oh, God, where? Well, I appreciate the gesture, but there's no way this is going to be a decent cup of tea. HE MOUTHS Why did you bring him here? I'm sorry, Maman, but... Whoa, whoa, Maman? Yes. This is your mother? I'm so sorry, I would of course love, er... Madame Bordey, how do you do? Thank you so much for the tea. Sorry, Camille, could you pass the sugar? Actually, it's fine, I'll do without... Wow, fantastic. Oh, look at that. REGGAE MUSIC PLAYS Mmmm! Mmm. Delicious! Ah! Doesn't your mother dance? Not like that. Come on. No, no, no, I'm fine. Come on! No, no, I'm enjoying my beverage. ALARM BEEPING Shoo. Shoo, shoo! Hello? Anyone? What's he doing? Shh! He's asleep. And? He's supposed to be on duty. OK, first things first - we've got news from DCI Halliwell, Dwayne? Ah! He came through, did he? Good. Both Darren Moore and Adam Fairs have minor convictions for affray... nothing serious, Michael Watson runs an investment company, took a battering during something called the credit crunch. Yes, the total global financial melt-down. You have heard of it? Oh, sure, yes... that. Anyway, he had creditors at his house and the police were called in to keep the peace. Nothing on Diana Watson or her daughter Sally. Finally! Been keeping you up, have we? Well, as a matter of fact... No, let's hear it. How do you explain being asleep on the job? You said you needed a second team working through the night? Well, Fidel took you at your word, going to the hotel and fingerprinting everyone who could have touched the spear gun. Oh, well, that's... And dusting the murder weapon, getting eight clear prints from it. And he's identified every last one of them. You're kidding me. How? I mean, without a digital scanner or a live scan, how did you process the fingerprints and cross-reference them? Well, sir, I... Don't tell me you helped him? Hey, no way. This is all Fidel's work. Then how did you do it? No! Fidel! You're a genius! Thank you! Then whose fingerprints were on the speargun? That's the thing. All eight prints on the speargun belong to one person. Who? Stefan, sir. The diving instructor. Oh, God, this sunshine! How do you cope? You spend a lot of time complaining, you know that? Oh, hang on. What? Eyes down. Why? (Germans.) Huh? (I bet they're Germans.) THEY TALK IN GERMAN Ein Englander! Where exactly were you when Lisa was killed yesterday? In the groves collecting driftwood to carve. Was anyone with you? No, I was on my own. So, you don't have an alibi for the time of Lisa's murder? What is this? I came to you last night. Why were only your fingerprints on the weapon? The speargun was stolen from my diving hut. You're missing the point. The only fingerprints we found on the murder weapon were yours. No-one else touched it. This is crazy. I met her once. What reason could I have to kill her? If it was Stefan, how did he get himself and his speargun up to the fifth floor? And like he said, why would he kill a bride he'd only met once? Ah, thank you. Look, Stefan's involved, you mark my words. We just have to find out how. The autopsy report's in. The bolt ruptured Lisa's heart. She was dead before she hit the rocks. Inspector... Ah, good. I want you two to watch Stefan, see if he has contact with anyone in the wedding party. Looks like you were right, Dwayne. Before she was killed, Lisa made a phone call from the murder room. Who did she call? Room 503. Adam Fairs. OK. What now? Oh, just a few more questions, Mr Fairs. We've seen the CCTV footage from the lift just after the wedding. What was Lisa whispering to you as you returned to your rooms? I don't remember any, er, whispering. But you were planning to meet her in secret? What? Lisa rang your room, shortly after the ceremony. No. Are you denying Lisa phoned your room just before she was killed? Well, if she did, I... I didn't hear it. Were you having an affair? What!? She'd just married my best mate! What's wrong with you people? Would you rather we showed the CCTV footage to your best mate, see what he thinks about it? Do what you like. OK. Four, three, two... Wait! OK, all right. I was... I was arranging to meet with Lisa. So why were you arranging to meet her in secret? I, er, wanted to borrow some money, and her stepmum's a control freak and Darren had already warned me off, so we had to do it without any of them knowing. She was telling me in the lift that she'd meet me when she could get away, but it never happened. What did you need the money for? I've got a car business, but I need to find 50 grand by the end of the month or... Or what? I won't have a car business. And where did you think she was going to get that kind of money? Lise? She's loaded. What? Or at least, her mum was loaded. When she died, she left it all in trust to Lisa. And when did Lisa get control of the trust fund? Her parents always controlled it. She inherited everything on her wedding day. Looks like we have our motive. Money. But for whom? The parents who lost everything? The best man about to lose his business? Or the new husband? Who gets her cash now she's dead? We're sorry to intrude but, er, we need to ask a few more questions. We'll do anything we can to help. Thank you. Was your wife going to lend Adam Fairs the money he needed? I beg your pardon? You've been speaking to Adam. He'd asked to borrow £50,000, hadn't he? Darren? Don't worry, she wasn't going to lend it to him. We... we argued about it the night before the wedding. You know, I've known Adam since I was a kid. He's great, but you don't lend him money, not if you want to see it again. Everybody gets written off if they don't have any money. No! Or have to work for a living. Sally! This is neither the time nor the place. It's all we talk about! Lisa and her money! And her beauty. Oh, and HER wedding goes without a hitch, and now she's dead, she's all we're ever gonna to talk about, isn't she? And we're gonna get older and she's gonna stay young and perfect... and married! Sally! I'm sorry, Darren, but I still need to ask. In the event of Lisa's death, do you inherit her fortune? Why did you tell the chief I worked through the night on my own? Don't you want to be in with him? Of course, yes! But it's not true. It was you and me, Dwayne, we did it all together. I don't understand. Why don't you want your boss to know? Once they know you're willing to help... Um... Stefan is over there. I know. Sally's right, you know. Lisa's money, it distorts everything in this family. That's why we signed this. What is it? It's a pre-nuptial agreement. We signed it the night before our wedding. If Lisa and I were to divorce, or if she died, even if she left me for another man, it makes no difference. I get nothing. When my wife died, I lost everything. And I'm not talking about money. Why don't you talk them through it, Diana? I don't know what he's talking about. It was our idea. Yes, and we did the right thing. And don't you judge us. Darren's reputation is that he beds any girl with a pulse. We had to make sure that he wasn't after Lisa's money, so we merely suggested... We didn't just suggest. We got our lawyers to draw up a contract, didn't we, dear? Does Stefan only teach women in bikinis? I hope so. You know, if it'd been up to Lisa, she'd have given every penny of her money away. She was scared it was going to come between us. Hm. So with a pre-nuptial agreement in place, next of kin would be... It's what Lisa wanted. Is that so? Excuse me? Oh, she hasn't signed it. But we watched her! In the signature box, she's written, "I'm not signing this, Darren. When are you going to get it? "I love you. Till death do us part." I think you've just inherited your wife's fortune after all. So you've been manipulating us from the start. No! I... Liar! Diana! He's tricked us! Not here. Not now. Terrified of losing their lifestyle, Mr and Mrs Watson murdered their daughter to steal her inheritance? Realising she'd failed to sign the pre-nuptial, so it's Darren who inherits after all. What are we missing? How do you mean? This is a major breakthrough. The money, the contract. Yeah, but why kill Lisa on her wedding day? Why not wait, and why with a speargun? Ah, William! Just the man. Sir? I understand the bride and groom had an argument the night before the wedding. I bet nothing happens on this floor you don't know about. Now you come to mention it, I think I did hear raised voices. And did you hear what the argument was about? It was, er, difficult to make out, but it may have been something to do with Margaret, the maid, sir. It wasn't very clear, but I'm sure I heard her name. Hm, what was it Diana said? "Darren beds any girl with a pulse." Is that what you're suggesting? That Darren and Margaret were..? I wouldn't know, sir. Isn't anyone in this family honest about anything? Sex and money, the root of all evil. You must think we're a right bunch. Families are notoriously, er, complicated. Could I ask you something? Sally said that Lisa's wedding had gone off without a hitch, with the emphasis on the word, "Lisa's." An odd phrase, no? What exactly did she mean by it? About a year ago, Sally got engaged to, er, well... Diana reckoned he was after the family money. Lisa's money? What happened to him? I'm ashamed to say we offered him money to disappear. I did it expecting him to refuse, to prove to Diana that it wasn't true. But he took it? So you used Lisa's money to drive her sister's fiancee away? Does she know? Diana couldn't wait to tell her. The truth is, she's never forgiven us. OK, so yesterday I asked for motive. Mike and Diana? I don't believe it was the father, but the wife! She's obsessed with money that she lost control of the moment Lisa got married. What if Darren knew she hadn't signed the pre-nup? Actually, that's my personal... Maybe it's to do with the argument he and Lisa had about Margaret the maid? I brought it all the way from England. And what about Adam? He needs Lisa's money. What if she refused to help him? Which leaves us Sally, who doesn't have the motive of money. Any of these... But, if we're looking for a desperate and sick murderer, who better than the jilted step-sister who waits until Lisa's wedding day and then... strikes! Mind you, don't forget about Stefan. This isn't working. Stefan... Yes, Stefan has to be involved. It's the only thing that explains the speargun. Yes, and Stefan, he, likes the ladies, but... PHONE RINGS Honore Police Station. He didn't go anywhere near the wedding party. Hm. Sorry, do you mind? It's the hotel. There's been another murder. Er, could we have some light, please? An English bride is killed on her wedding day, then the maid that cleaned the room is herself killed. Why? Did you carve all these? Yeah, you like 'em? Margaret said something, about having been in trouble before. Is that right? What sort of trouble has she been in? Well, it was never proven, but at one time William suspected that Margaret was using spare VIP suites for romantic assignations. Of course. And he thought that she used a "cleaning in progress" label on the door as a sign for the person she was meeting. You think she was using the room to have sex with guests? I don't know, these are just William's suspicions. Margaret was very popular and I never found any evidence. Darren? What are you doing? How quickly do those lift doors open? Er, pretty quickly. Could you open Suite 502, please? 'I'd just finished my work and I went back to room 502. 'I opened the door and that's when she came out.' Margaret! Margaret! And now the phone rings. RINGING SCREAMING Who was that? It's Lisa! 'I was making cocktails when I heard Mrs Watson. 'I was... I was arranging to meet with Lisa. 'I met her once. What reason could I have to kill her? 'We offered him money. 'We argued about it the night before the wedding.' Ah! Of course! Of course what? I want you to gather everyone, Stefan included. Where? Er, the veranda to begin with, I think. In precisely 11 minutes. You're coming with us. Er, there's been another murder. The maid, Margaret, who cleaned the room where the murder took place. She's been found dead. Strangled. Surely you're not suggesting... First, let's return to the death of Lisa Moore. Adam, you wanted to borrow money from her. Yeah, but I didn't know if she was going to... Ah, yes. Well, I do. What? It's obvious, isn't it? She was going to give you every penny you needed. Darren here told her it was a bad idea and she was wise enough to keep the whole enterprise a secret from her parents, particularly her stepmother. But I think, as Lisa came into her money when she married, she couldn't wait finally to show who was boss. She'd said that she'd meet you when she got the chance... That's what she was telling me in the lift, that she'd call when she could get away, but it never happened. So when she came across an empty room, it was too good an opportunity to miss. How do you know it was me she wanted to meet? Just before Lisa was killed, a call was placed from the suite she was in to yours. Bu... I know, a phone call you say you never got. I didn't, I... That puzzled me, too. Then I remembered. You didn't tell us where you were. Sally did. I was in my room, Adam was in his room, Darren... I don't know, but you should be out looking for Lisa's killer, not standing around chatting! And having done so, she then apologised. Well, answer it! I'm sorry. I thought she was apologising to the room in general, but she was actually just apologising to you. Because she'd just lied about your whereabouts. Why would she lie about his whereabouts? Because Adam was in Sally's room. I saw you, Adam, comforting Sally by the pool. You're lovers, aren't you? And Adam wasn't allowed to tell anyone, under any circumstances. How do you know all this? The last time Sally was in a relationship, engaged to be married, you thought her fiancee was a gold-digger and gave him money to leave. What would you have thought of Sally's relationship with Adam? Because he really needs money. But if these two were together, then... Precisely! If Sally and Adam were together, then they have an alibi after all. And as Mr and Mrs Watson and William were all in their suite, that leaves only you without an alibi. You said you argued with Lisa the night before you got married. Yes. You said it was about lending money to Adam Fairs. Or was it something else? What? Are your philandering days really over, Mr Moore? Yes! When I met Lisa, there never was anyone else. There never will be anyone else. Ah! Stefan! Now we're all here, perhaps you'd like to join me in suite 502. Please! Enough of this. Who killed my daughter? Your daughter was killed by the only person here with the means, motive and opportunity. Mrs Watson? If you were on your balcony, as you said you were, looking at the view when your step-daughter was killed... I was! Did you have your back to the room? I don't know. I mean, I... Maybe. Then you couldn't have seen who came or went from the room, could you? Um, no, I suppose not. That leaves you, Mr Watson. You claimed you were in your bedroom. What? Well, yes, I was! You have to believe me. Why? William, you tell him. You were in the kitchen, you would have seen me if I'd left the suite. But would he? You see, this is what I finally realised. We've been looking at this case the wrong way round from the start. Because when you flip everything, then, and only then, does it makes sense, starting with the ending and working back to the beginning. I mean, take the alibis. William says that he can alibi you, he didn't see you leave the suite. Well, fair enough, maybe he didn't, but um, whether or not he can alibi you, in what way can you alibi him? That's right, isn't it, William? You murdered Lisa and then you murdered Margaret the maid. I'm sorry, sir? We've always presumed this case was about Lisa, because... well, it's impossible to ignore the drama of a bride killed on her wedding day. But this has never been about Lisa. This has been about you and your obsession with Margaret. She even told us as much when we interviewed her. The butler on that floor, William, he's always on my case. But Margaret already had a boyfriend. That's why, when she was given a lucky rose from the bride's bouquet, she kept it. And the man Margaret was in love with was you, Stefan, wasn't it? Margaret was the girlfriend you referred to? I'm sorry for your loss. So you, William, decided if you couldn't have Margaret to yourself, you'd kill her and frame her boyfriend for her murder, which finally answers the question, why a speargun? It's the one thing that would incriminate Stefan. It's the advantage of your job. You're essentially invisible and you always wear white gloves so you never leave any fingerprints. You knew the significance of Margaret's "cleaning in progress" label, so why did you say that you didn't? There's a cleaning in progress label here, why hasn't it been removed? I wouldn't know, sir. When everyone returned from the wedding, you saw Margaret and her calling card and put your plan into action. I think you made cocktails because you knew it would involve an unholy amount of noise from a blender. The only problem being, that although Margaret planned to use this room, Lisa got here first. Margaret! Margaret... Oh, no. Please, I won't be long. With the blender providing you with an alibi, you took the speargun from the room, left the suite and headed across the hallway, and used your key to enter. Now, which is why I wanted you all up here, in the room where Lisa was murdered at 15.10, the exact time she was killed. Because, er, there's one thing I've noticed about the Caribbean, it's sunny, isn't it? And when William came in here to commit murder, he was running from a dark corridor to a room lit by the blinding Caribbean sun. William didn't see who was on the balcony. He just saw a figure and fired. Didn't you? You are mistaken, sir. It was a crime passionel. As Camille said all along. Of love and of hate, not of Lisa... of Margaret. You dropped the speargun. Then you returned to the kitchen... switching off the blender... SCREAMING Just in time to re-emerge the concerned hotel employee a few seconds later. What has happened, sir? If you'd left it with Lisa's murder, I... I don't see how we could have caught you. But once you killed Margaret, I finally understood. And the fact that you strangled her. It could only be a murder driven by rage! You're not the perfect butler you claim to be. Your calm facade is just that, a facade. Because there's a passion in your heart, isn't there, William? And like all uptight men, when you release that pent-up passion, it's overwhelming, isn't it? Camille... Why isn't the world ordered like you'd wish it? Why doesn't it understand you? Why don't women want you? Because they don't, do they? They've never wanted you. You OK? Thanks. Read him his rights and dump him in the cells. Good work, team. Ah, the modern family. Scratch the surface and they're just festering pits of betrayal, disappointment and deceit. Happy upbringing, was it? I was sent to boarding school, so, er, yes. So, I solved the case, then. You solved the case? Like I said, the butler did it. Oh. Oh, stop being so grumpy! I'm not grumpy. OK. Prove it! What are you doing? We're on duty! But we've just caught a double murderer. Come on in. What about... sharks? It's about six inches of water. I'll step on a sea urchin or something. We are in one of the most beautiful spots on God's Earth! Come on! Take those shoes off! Yeah, but those crime reports won't write themselves, will they? I'd better get on with, um... yup. See you tomorrow. Er, good work, though, Camille. Ow! Ow! Argh! Ow! Help! I'm to be murdered. Voodoo? Please. She's been poisoned. She was murdered by a scarred man. Nicholas Dunham is a killer. He's not a killer. So you ignore the truth? I don't know what the truth is yet. I'm arresting you... What? We're detectives. We do not stick pins into dolls and dance naked around a camp fire. Now, that I'd like to see. You are the most annoying man I've ever met. Well, it's a very small island. Subtitles by APOLLO www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 