Death in Paradise: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Death in Paradise 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Death in Paradise (2011–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 English policeman Charlie Hulme is found murdered in the locked panic room of Lord and Lady Salcombe on the Caribbean island of Sainte-Marie. Fellow Brit,uptight inspector Richard Poole,is sent to investigate and is quickly exasperated by the leisurely pace of island life,particularly his native team's working methods. Initially neither of the Salcombes own to knowing Hulme until Sarah,Lady Salcombe,admits he was her lover and was investigating her husband,James, for people-smuggling. After James is also killed Poole tracks down the mystery woman seen at the house and cracks the case. However,with his luggage still in England and a good cup of tea nowhere to be found,he is desperate to return home to cold,rainy London. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Oh, man. I'm sorry sir, time's up. If she was your goat, she would have gone to you. This goat remains unclaimed. Fidel? Yes, sir. Goats aren't obedient. They don't come when called. You do know that, don't you? Got him chief. Ah, Dwayne, well done! Oh, you can't put me in here! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Why, you want to go in there? Maybe you should stop stealing yachts. Lily, I'm going to knock off early if that's OK? Sure thing, sir. Have a nice evening. Night, Chief. Honore Police Station. OK and what time was this? "I Shot The Sheriff" OK. We'll send someone over right away. Hello? Erm... Dwayne? You know Lord Salcombe's place? Mmm-hm. Well, his panic room's gone into lock down. Apparently, we've got the codes to open it in our safe. Shall I go and... 'That's a very good shot. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 'Beautiful cover drive...' Dwayne? Oh, for heaven's sake. I'll do it! Uh? We've got a problem. We were having a party. Then from nowhere the alarm started blaring. Someone is locked in the panic room. Where are Lord and Lady Salcombe? No-one's seen them since the alarm went off. I think you should know. Just before the alarm, there was a gunshot. Everybody heard it. Everybody out and don't touch anything. Sortez la! Allez! What's going on? There was a gunshot and the panic room has been locked down. Who's in there? No! Is it James? No! Is my husband in there? What on earth would I be doing in there? Lawrence, call an ambulance. Now! Allez la! Pas de probleme. It's Charlie Hulme. I've just been informed the airline have lost my luggage. I'm sorry to hear that, Sir. If you could just point me in the direction of the lost luggage desk? Ah. Thank you. We don't need outside help. Charlie Hulme was a British cop. They want a British cop to lead the case. What time do you open in the morning? 0600 hours, Sir. Then I'll call you at 06.01. Thank you very much... Daphne. Oh, Christ. Ah! Hey, my monitor's playing up. The crime scene's been cleared and all the evidence bagged and sent to the lab. So when will we get an autopsy report? OK, thanks. Report's on its way. This guy they're sending from London. He'll be good, won't he? Who knows? They won't just send any old... I better feed the goat. The chief's monitor still works though, doesn't it? Sure, why? Saint-Marie was colonised by the French, who lost it to the British, who lost it to the Dutch. The Dutch lost it back to the French. The French then handed it back to the British in the mid-'70s. So, about 30 per cent of the population is still French. French. Great. Just when I thought it couldn't get any worse. Welcome to Honore Station! I got to go, the Commissioner's here. Sir. So, team, Dwayne, Fidel, this is Detective Inspector Richard Poole from the Met in London. Thank you, I'll take over from here. Right then, I want everything you've got on DI Hulme's death on my desk immediately. And if you could get on to IT to sort out the log in details for my PC. It's imperative I get on the network ASAP. Pen-pusher. This is not going to go well. Sorry my monitor won't turn on. Ah, this heat! Then take your jacket off. DI Hulme's been dead 48 hours, is this all you've got? Where's the Forensics Report. Ballistics? DNA? We'll have them soon. Who's this? Everybody in that photograph was on the guest list for the party, apart from that woman. And neither Lord or Lady Salcombe or any of their guests knew who she was or what she was doing there. Statements? In the file. Is it always this hot? No. Sometimes it's a lot hotter. Look, I'll be honest with you. This, whole Caribbean thing, I mean I'm sure it's very nice, but erm... Well it's not really my idea of, er... So, as soon as I've solved this case and I've got my luggage, I'm on the next plane home. I can't think why they sent me. Sorry, where is here? I thought you might like to see where you're staying before we go up to the house. This is where we put the foreign officers. Like you and Charlie Hulme. This is Charlie's old house? You can freshen up and I'll pick you up in an hour. Christ! No, no, it's terrible, the airline have lost my luggage, it's about 400 degrees in the shade, and they've put me up in some kind of shack. Oh, right, yes, of course, er... I think I've got three case files in my in tray that should be in my pending tray and, erm, there's a case file in my pending tray I should have swept to my out tray, or my in tray? It's no longer pending, is the point, sir. Thank you. Sorry it's in such a mess, you know. It seemed like quite a rush to get me out here. Yep, yep, that's everything. Oh, although I did leave a tangerine in the top left-hand drawer of my desk, if you, er... That's very kind, yeah, top left-hand... Thank you. COh, er, yeah, here's my car. Yeah, no, er, I think they're very pleased to have me here, if I'm honest. The welcome's been very, er... Yeah, you know, and the accommodation is very... Ah! A bloody splinter! Oh, God! Yeah, no, no, it's fine, it's fine. Yeah, it does, it does a little bit. Yeah, yeah. Well, thank you for sending me, sir. Yeah OK, yeah, er, sorry, gotta go. Yeah, bye. All right! I'm coming. So how did a British policeman get mixed up with an aristocrat? I don't know. Then what was he like? Who, Charlie? Fun. Not your typical Englishman. Charismatic, you know? What do you mean by a typical Englishman? Detective Inspector Richard Poole, Metropolitan Police. Oh, yes, come in. Thank you. Well, I was out here serving drinks to the guests. It had just gone eight o'clock. Then there was a gunshot from the study. And the alarms went off. So what did you do then? Well, I waited for the police to arrive. Did you see this woman that night? No. Come on, Darleen, you've got to have something on him. Because you've read his file! There's got to be some dirt. I'll take you to the Bay Cove. So that's it?! OK, bye. His department threw a party for him when he left. Oh, so he's popular. No, they threw the party after he'd gone. What's that? It's a laser tape measure. Accurate to a millimetre, over 150 metres. We do have tape measures on Saint-Marie, you know. Not like this you don't, Sergeant Thomson. Now, when DI Hulme's body was found, he was holding a book. A travel guide to Europe. Why? And this is the vase, then, that was found smashed on the night? Mm-hmm. When the room was locked down, could anyone else have got in? No. Not until I entered the code, and it can only be opened from the outside. Death was instantaneous? He was killed by a .22 bullet. Shot up through the throat and straight into his skull. It could almost be suicide, couldn't it, but for two things. One, gunshot and then alarm. How did Charlie shoot himself and then shut down a heavy steel door? And secondly, if it was suicide, why didn't we find a pistol? Then, if it was murder... How did the murderer kill DI Hulme and then escape from a locked steel room? James Lavender. How do you do? Can you tell me exactly where you were standing when the gun went off? Fortunately for me, when the gun went off, I was down here on my beach. Oh, I see. Your beach? Little proprietorial, aren't we? Well, I do own it. Right, and what were you doing down here? I was down here for a touch of privacy with a special friend. A special friend who wasn't necessarily your wife? Which was rather the problem. James? My wife Sarah spotted us. The argument was quick, wordless. Ended with a large glass of wine all over her dress. That means you were at the party when the gun went off? No, I came back down here. But my friend had gone. And how well do you know the deceased? Not at all. Maybe Sarah invited her. Sorry do we have to, er... And do you own a .22 pistol? No, I don't know the first thing about guns. Wouldn't know one end from another. But you've really dressed for the Caribbean, haven't you? Yeah. Having heard the gunshot, what did you do next? Well, then the alarms went off. I didn't know what was going on, so I hid. Until I saw the police arrive. I see the safe was open. How many people know the combination to open it? Well, I do, of course. And my wife. That's it? Just the two of you? Yeah. Well, did you open it that night? No. Or give DI Hulme the combination? No. Then your wife must have opened it. You'll have to ask her yourself, won't you? My, my dress was ruined. I was humiliated. I came back to the house. So this is where I was when the alarm went off. And what did you do next? I came in here to get dressed. Did you invite DI Hulme to the party? No. Didn't my husband? He says he didn't. On the day of the party, did you open the safe? No. Or give DI Hulme the combination so he could open it? No. She's lying, isn't she? One of them must have opened the safe, but why? We've got a British policeman murdered in a rich man's panic room with an old book clutched in his hands. A safe that's open and a vase that's smashed. As for suspects, there are only two people without an alibi. James, because he was down on his beach alone, and Sarah, because she was taking a shower. Not that any of this matters. It doesn't get us any closer to understanding the how. How did the murderer kill Hulme and escape from a locked room? It's impossible. Right, I need to see the pieces from the vase and the book Charlie was holding, but first I need to see the body. That won't be possible. What won't? Seeing the body? No, none of it. The book, the body, the vase - none of it is here. What are you saying? It's in Basse-Terre. Fine, we'll get sandwiches on the way. Basse-Terre, Guadeloupe. Fine. Which is a completely different island. What? We don't have forensic labs and DNA analysis and ballistics here. We are just a small island, so I bag the evidence from the murder and it all gets flown to Guadeloupe. Then how are we supposed to solve this case? We'll get their reports. When? Arrange for the vase and the book to be sent here by tomorrow. Can you manage that? Of course, sir. How do you get anything done on this island? Beats me. It's a wonder how we get out of bed in the morning. How are we supposed to find this mystery woman, when all we've got is a photograph of the back of her head? I remember when Charlie Hulme first got here, trying to reorganise the whole filing system. Yes, I remember that. He had that whole alphabetical thing going on, would have taken us months if I hadn't talked him out of it. I'll try in there. OK. Lily, how are you getting on with the... But why does he want us to do... But that's just a waste of our time. I'll get Fidel on it. OK? No luck. He wants the smashed vase and the book brought back from Guadeloupe. But why? They'll have only just got there. Maybe he wants to colour-code them! Hello? Who are you? I'm Detective Inspector Richard Pool of the Metropolitan Police. Who are you? I, erm... I am Mr Hulme's cleaner. You're his cleaner? Well, I won't get in your way. You've got your work cut out. Thank you, sir. So, are you a friend of Charlie's? Something like that. You're from England, right? Ah, you can tell, can you? Yeah. Erm, what are you doing here? Is it a holiday, sir? You haven't heard, have you? Heard what? And he was such a nice man. So full of life, not your typical... Yes, I've heard, yeah. But who would kill him? We're pursuing a number of lines of inquiries. Are you, are you staying here, sir? Er, yes, apparently so. And will you be here long? I hope not. Oh, do you need a cleaner? Or laundry? I could always send any of your suits... No, it's fine, really, don't worry. I'll just, erm, borrow the odd item from Mr Hulme. They're not all clean. Oh, please! You know I never thought I'd get fed up going from bar to bar talking to women. Know what I'm wondering? What? Maybe he'll stay. Who? The new chief. Hey, hey. Our new boss, he's many things. And I could probably draw up a long list, but he's no chief, OK? No! You lost my suitcase, so you can find my suitcase. What do you mean you've got no record of it? I filled in the form and gave it to Daphne. Daphne! She was standing by the lost luggage counter when I lost my... I'll ring you back. Shoo! Where can I get a .22 calibre gun and some blank rounds? Best if I don't ask? It's always best if you don't ask. So the book and vase have arrived from Guadeloupe. Hey, Smithy! Well, done, Lily. Good work. So this is it? The book Charlie was holding when he was shot. Mm-hmm. What's so special about it? Ah! And now the pieces from the smashed vase. Yeah, yes, this is all good. I should be able to... There are still two more bags, sir. Even so, a bit of glue and, er... OK, the gun is sorted. Well, when you get it, bring it straight to James Lavender's house. Lily and I are going there now. We are? Why? Because it turns out Lady Salcombe's been lying to us. Good morning, Lady Salcombe. Please, call me Sarah. Then tell me, Sarah, why did you lie to me? I'm sorry? You knew Charlie Hulme. No, I didn't! You'd been to his house before, hadn't you? I smelled a perfume on one of his towels, a perfume I'd only smelled once before in your dressing room. You shot Charlie Hulme. What? No! In the Panic Room that night... No I didn't. Then you went for a shower, washing off evidence. I didn't kill Charlie! You did, Sarah, in cold blood! You put a gun to his throat and pulled the trigger. No, I didn't kill him, I loved him! I'd always worried that James would find out about Charlie and me, but when I saw him shot dead... You think James killed him? Charlie was investigating my husband. Why? He said he didn't dare tell me, my life would be in danger. It was you. You gave Charlie the combination to the safe, didn't you? Charlie said, there was a book in the safe and that if he could just get a hold of it, he would be able to put my husband in prison. We've seen it, it's just a guidebook. What's so special about it? Apologies for interrupting. Your colleagues say they're ready. Dwayne. Psst! Dwayne. So, who is your prime suspect? Sorry? Well, we're having a little sweepstake, so, you know, a nod in the right direction? It's a bit of a mystery so far. We're thinking of fitting up one of the staff. Listen, when I'm dressed like this, don't mess with me, OK? OK, Dwayne and Fidel, are you in position. Yep. Are you sure these are blanks? Yes. Did either of you hear that? You fired that gun yet? The Detective Inspector's going to fire again. You hear that? No, nothing. This is a .22 pistol. The same calibre as the gun that killed Charlie Hulme, so if Dwayne and Fidel can't hear me firing on a day like today, what did the guests hear on the night of the party? The gunshot that killed Charlie Hulme. No. Any gunshot they heard must have come from a larger calibre gun. A louder gun. Ah! Well, if it's a louder gun you're looking for? You said you didn't own a gun. No, I said I didn't own a .22 pistol. But if it's a large gun you're after... Darling? What large gun? It was my father's, his service revolver. It's been here for years. It's gone. There's a box of bullets, but the gun's disappeared. .38 calibre, Smith Wesson rounds. Yup, it's a loud gun. And now it's missing. Who knew it was kept there? Me, of course. And... and James. Anyone else? No. So once again, it's either James or Sarah, and I don't peg Sarah as a murderer. Are you saying women don't kill people? Sir, she doesn't have an alibi for the time of the murder. She was having an affair with the deceased. She owns a gun she didn't tell us about, which now has gone missing. Oh, and she turns up at the scene of the murder having showered and washed her hair?! Well, that at least is understandable. What? The shower, this unremitting heat. I mean, how many showers do you have a day? What's in this book worth dying for? If we could just prove the service revolver was fired that night... All right, sir? Yeah. It'd mean that Charlie could have been killed before 8pm with a quiet .22 pistol, and the service revolver was only fired at 8pm to establish an apparent time of death. You need a break. Let's go for a walk. Where? So, tell me, what's London like? Oh, er... Noisy, a mess. Like being in a bar fight mostly, but, er... You love it. The only place I'd live. What's a typical London experience? Hmm? Something that fills you with joy. Tell me... Er, so... Walking into my local, the White Hart. It's snowing, bitterly cold outside, but there's a fire roaring in the grate, the windows misty with condensation. And I've got a beer in my hand, sitting in the snug, in the chair that I sit in... And that first sip. Alone? Yes, but that feeling. You know of, er... belonging, knowing who you are. Whatever this is, it's not that. OK, so I'll see you tomorrow, shall I? Yes, yes. Good idea. Yeah. And, thanks again. Good night. Yeah, good work. Er, you've been fantastic. Oh, right! Yes, of course. Er... It's the bins. Have the bin men been yet? I wondered if you could go next door and just push my bins back onto the driveway, you know, where they normally live. Oh! Oh, well, if you're at work then, yeah... No, no, no, no, I quite understand. Although if your wife's at home, maybe she could... No, no. Yeah, of course. Yeah, that would be... No, no, the bins can just stay there, on the street, until you get home. Well, that's very kind of you, Jeremy. Thank you. Give my regards to Eileen... Elaine! Yeah. Er... And, um, the girls. Yeah, and don't worry about my bins next week. Yeah, fingers crossed, I'll be home by then. Thank you. Oh, come on! So, that's a date. See you in the pool at my friend's mansion in the hills. OK, then. Bye. Bye-bye. Who was that? A friend. I've never seen her before. She's a tourist. I've been showing her around the island. Is the inspector in yet? No, he found a key. Looks like it's for a safety deposit box. Him and Lily have gone to the bank to check it out. Just knock on the door when you want to be let out. So, Charlie's a policeman abroad. It's not necessarily suspicious for him to have a safety deposit box. On the other hand... Blank. Cash, forged passports. Human trafficking - it's got to be. Up through the Caribbean, and into the States. It's a multi-million dollar trade and it absolutely relies on corrupt officials. But how does all this tie in with James Lavender? Oh, well. That, sir, is easy. How come? Because that is James Lavender's boat. We found these in Charlie Hulme's safety deposit box. I want them logged and fingerprinted ASAP. Yes. The airport - they've found your luggage. Not now. Dwayne - Lily's getting a warrant to search James's house and yacht. I need you to give me a lift to the harbour, if you would. You do have another car, don't you? It's not just... It's just the one car, isn't it? What do you do in emergencies? I thought you'd never ask. There she is, over there. How are we going to get to it? No, no. Um... We haven't got a search warrant. We have now. Locked. Hey, look what I've found! You all right there, sir? People smuggling. Told you. Hang on! You're Charlie's cleaner! He didn't have a cleaner. She was in my house! Dressed like that? No, dressed as a cleaner! Now what?! There you are! Remind me to tell you the story of the tortoise and the hare sometime. What were you doing on James Lavender's boat? OK. What's your relationship with James Lavender? What were you doing at Charlie's pretending to be a cleaner? Hang on! This is you. You were at the party that night. Why? Is this a formal interview? No, of course not. Then why are you talking to me? No. Of course. I'll arrange for a duty solicitor to visit you immediately. What's so funny? Oh, no... It's just... It's 100 degrees in here and you're standing there in a suit and tie talking about duty solicitors! I'm a British policeman. No?! You're kidding me! You're there because I found you on a boat that's been used for people smuggling. Give me my phone call. Fidel, our friend wants her one phone call. Yes, sir! Right, Lily, I think it's time to put the squeeze on James Lavender. Yes, sir! I'm not leaving until we've got it all. How the people smuggling works, who that woman is in the cells... Oh, and what Charlie was doing in the Panic Room when he was killed. Why he was killed, why he was holding the book, and how, finally, how Charlie was murdered. Oh, no! Dead. He must have shot himself. It's a .22 pistol, isn't it? Just like the one that killed Charlie Hulme. This isn't a suicide, sir. This is a confession. James killed Charlie. But someone warned him, didn't they? Her one phone call. OK, so who did you phone? You are in so much trouble. Sir, there's been a breakout. I'm ringing the coastguard and Interpol. We need to alert the airport. How did she escape from a cell?! Detective Inspector. Can I introduce you to Detective Sergeant Camille Bordey? Born in Sainte-Marie, trained in Paris, but for the last two years has been working undercover on Guadeloupe. Making the case against James Lavender. And she's back on the island. I'm days away from an arrest, so I'd appreciate if you'd... There's an undercover officer working on the same case, and you didn't tell me? We couldn't. Camille thinks a corrupt officer is helping Lavender. We couldn't take the risk. It won't be me, will it?! I've been in Croydon for the last 13 years! And if you're looking for your corrupt copper, it was Charlie Hulme. How do you know that? I've got evidence linking him to trafficking and James's yacht. Charlie was clearly James's right-hand man. We need to arrest James Lavender right now. Small problem. Don't tell me, there is some form we have to fill in first in triplicate? James Lavender's dead. Looks like suicide. Either way, as far as this case goes, Charlie Hulme's a dead end, and now so too is James Lavender. This place! Sir, look, if James killed Charlie and then killed himself, I can take over from here and finish the paperwork. You could be on the next plane out of here. Don't, I'm imagining it now. Walking out at Heathrow, being cold... Finally being cold again! I never thought I'd miss it. Miss what? Drizzle. That feeling on your face. Like a wet flannel. Oh, England. Problem is, we may know what happened, but we still don't really know how it happened. How was Charlie killed from inside a locked panic room? I need you to stay here and conclude the interviews. Fidel, you're with me. Yes, sir! I don't believe it! How long? You do not ever want to know how long! OK, that seems about right. This wasn't knocked over. Look, here and here. It was shot from slightly above and angling downwards. Now, if you go over towards the desk... Let's say you're James. You think James shot Charlie? At this stage, all I know is that somebody shot this vase. But, with a .22 bullet or a .38? That's the question. The whole case rather depends on us finding the answer. So, if you just hold that absolutely still, let's find out where the bullet went. You need to watch out for snakes, sir. They can be in the trees sometimes too. Oh, God! I thought you were a... Where have you been? I figured the tortoise would get there a whole lot quicker with a metal detector. Finally, proof! The bullet that shot the vase on the night of the murder was a .38, fired by a bloody loud service revolver. Oh, no, not again! Yes, what? Sorry? No, no, no, start again. My luggage. What do you mean it's still in Heathrow? You lost it in Sainte-Marie! Eh? Oh! Oh, I see. No, sorry. Just keep it in Heathrow, please, and I'll be back... soon. In fact, I'll be on the next plane out of here! Are you OK, sir? They never put my luggage on the plane! Yep. Yes, of course! Oh! It's the heat. It's finally got the better of him. You fire the gun... Should I call for an ambulance? Yes, you do! Of course! Thank you, Fidel! Yes, OK, so the phone call and then... Into the sea with you. Brilliant, brilliant. Leaving the murderer free to... commit murder. Er, just loosen your tie a moment there, sir. It's very, very simple. Call the ambulance. No, call the Commissioner. He needs to be here for the arrest. You said it. Get the Commissioner here as soon as possible. But why kill him in the first place, that's the question? But then, if the bullet's not the bullet... What if...? Yes! How many fingers am I holding up? James Lavender had a mobile phone on him when he died. Get it! I'm also going to need the .22 pistol he was holding when we found his body. While you're getting them, you and me are going to have a little chat. You know, I should have realised the lessons of my luggage sooner. Your luggage? My case was never loaded onto the plane at Heathrow. So, when the hold was opened in Sainte-Marie, it appeared to have disappeared, whereas in reality, it was never in there in the first place. How does that help? When the panic room was opened, we thought the killer had disappeared, but in reality, the murderer was never in there. Please just tell me who killed Charlie. When Charlie investigated your husband, he set in motion a chain of events that led to his murder and your husband's. On the night of the party, James found Charlie in the panic room, and realised he had to kill him. The only problem being, James doesn't know his way round a gun, as he told us, so he only managed to shoot the vase. At which point, Charlie does the only logical thing, and locks himself safely inside the panic room. Now, James has just tried to kill a policeman, so what does he do? He goes back to his beach, where he disposed of the service revolver before making a call. In fact, he must have made a phone call. He didn't kill Charlie Hulme, so who did he get to do it? You can't be sure it wasn't James. I can! James only managed to shoot a vase using your service revolver. The only gunshot that was heard on the night. Don't you see what this means? We have no way of knowing when Charlie was killed, because nobody heard the .22 gunshot that killed him. He could have been killed at any time on the night of the murder. So, are you saying he was killed before the panic room was shut down? Haven't you worked it out yet? No. I know who the murderer is. And so do you, Sergeant Thompson, because it's you. You murdered Charlie Hulme. Are you insane? No. Dwayne? You quickly realised killing Charlie only bought you time, isn't that right? 'How did the murderer kill Charlie and escape from a locked steel room?' What you needed next was a sacrificial lamb, so you put a safety deposit key in my room, knowing that I'd find it the next time I showered. I mean, how many showers do you have a day? Because once I had the key, you could lead me to the safety deposit box, with all the evidence you'd planted to create links between Charlie Hulme, human trafficking and James Lavender, who you killed before picking up the warrant for us to search his yacht. Sir! This is all lies! Can you prove any of this? Charlie was found shot dead inside a locked panic room, on his own, no gun nearby. If you think about it, as he's the only person inside, he must have been alive when the room was locked down. Who else could have shut the door apart from him? He was the only person found in there. And if he was alive when he locked the room down... 'So, everybody out and don't touch anything.' he must also have been alive when Sergeant Thompson opened it up. Even if he was dead within seconds of her arriving on the scene. You see, this wasn't an impossible murder. It merely happened after the police arrived. Isn't that so, Sergeant? Now, I wonder who James rang that night, having just attempted to murder a British policeman? Ah, well now, here we are. Because if he rang you, Sergeant, that's going to be pretty incriminating, don't you think? Hello? Why did he ring you, if not to say that Charlie was going to take you both down, unless you took him out? Why would I kill Charlie Hulme? Are you saying women don't kill people? Because of the book he held, which he'd got from the safe, and which was about to put you and James in prison. The book he was holding was a travel guide. But was it, sir? Yes, it was. And yet, with this case, nothing has been as it seems. The gun heard on the night wasn't the gun that killed Charlie. The bullet that was fired wasn't the bullet that killed Charlie. So this is what I thought. What if the book Charlie was holding wasn't the book Charlie was holding? It's Charlie Hulme. Imagine the book WAS incriminating, and you're Lily. What do you do? Well, you clear the crime scene, standard procedure, but then what? Call an ambulance. Now! Everyone's seen the book in his hand. You can't remove it, so you swap it, for any book on these shelves that looks the same. The innocent book going into Charlie's hands, and the incriminating book going back on the shelves, concealed amongst all these others. Hidden in plain view, as it were. And what's more, I reckon I can do this in one. Oh. Charlie Hulme's blood on this. You see? Everything you'd need to prove James's involvement in human trafficking. Money, dates, cargoes... How did you just do that? This is the only one with no writing down the spine. I imagine you were planning to come back some time and retrieve it. Oh, your name's in here. All the way through, in fact. And, er, here's a fingerprint in Charlie Hulme's blood. I mean, logically, if you think about it, that's going to be quite hard to explain if it turns out to be yours. You know, I have to take my hat off to you. You had me pointing this way and that. And there were times, I must confess, when you were... dazzling. You killed two people? Why? Do you know how many times I've been passed over? Someone sent from London to do a job I should be doing! Charlie Hulme, and now him! So, if I'm not good enough, why not take the money instead, and a lot of it? Enough to get away from this. Away from you! There's a whole world out there, you know, Fidel. I don't think you'll ever leave this island again. Dwayne, Fidel... If you would. Sure thing, Chief. Ay, yai yai! What if I'd trodden on you? There's no point looking at me like that, I'm off. It isn't a stitch up. Really?! So my super in London arranges for me to be posted here, you agree to it, and it's not a stitch up? Of course not. It's just a sensible re-allocation of resources. Look, I'm sure the Caribbean's great beach holidays and snorkelling, but I can't work here, let alone live here! Has anyone noticed, there's a tree growing in my front room! I've got no luggage. Ah! What? You know how your luggage was left at Heathrow? Your suitcase, Chief. Anything else? Any other bombshells I should know about? Of course not, no! Well, maybe one. No! Tell me about it. You're undercover! You blew that when you arrested me, remember? No-one knows you're a copper! I do! What? If a crook like Marlon knows, then everyone in the underworld will know by breakfast. - I'm not a crook! - Yes, you are! Can't you go back to Guadeloupe? Can't you go back to London? I'm trying. Try harder! I can't work with her! I can't work with him! The paperwork is done, you're both staying! So, as Commissioner, I'm very pleased to say, on behalf of the Royal Sainte-Marie Police Force, welcome to paradise. Don't worry, we'll look after her. In the event of Lisa's death, do you inherit her fortune? Who'd kill a bride? One of this lot! Surely you're not saying that any of us are under suspicion? I'm a police officer, and I want a cup of tea. You like them? Very much. I've got a date. You're coming with us. Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd, MemoryOnSmells www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 