Damnation: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Damnation 
 s1e6 - In Wyoming Fashion - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Damnation (2017–2018): Season 1, Episode 6 - In Wyoming Fashion - full transcript 
 Seth and Lew are presented with an unexpected opportunity when Calvin Rumple is run out of town. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously, on "Damnation"... If the local preacher is found harboring a bank robber, it raises questions. Yes? - Martin Eggers Hyde? - PhD... What is it? The man behind the strikebreaker is incredibly rich and incredibly powerful. What possible interest could a Duvall have in a town like this? When I signed you to Iowa, I also paid off three common street goons 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 to intimidate the preacher. I have yet to hear word from those goons. I've taken liberty to hire a professional to dispatch the preacher. You're gonna confess to the murders you framed me for back in Wyoming. 'Cause I'm done being punished for your sins. What were you doing back there, playing pocket pool? Mind your blind spot and watch your tails. You know we've got your back, Squealy. But one of these days you're gonna have to have ours. Look, I know you feel for these people. And I do too. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 But that voice inside you that's making this hard is gonna get you or us hurt, or worse. You gotta quiet that voice so you can do what Pa wants done. I got this. Hell, you two can watch. Come on. Howdy, this is a beautiful piece of land you got here. Dirt's a tad sandy. But we got a decent garden growing now. Our own slice of heaven. Yeah, well, even heaven's got its price, don't it? What's yours? You them Turner boys, ain't you? You're wasting your time riding all the way out here. Look, the oil company's offering you a fair price. So, you can either hightail it outta here with your trousers filled with cash, or... we can send you packing in a pine box. But either way, this land is gonna be cleared. I don't plan on leaving, so you bastards can tell that oil company this land ain't for sale. Daddy? Get inside. Right now. Shit. Get back inside. My brother tried talking sense into you. - Your land or your life. - Please. - Your land or your life. - Make the call. Land. Take the land. You can have it. We'll leave right now. I don't think I believe you. Look, he said he'd leave. Come on, our job's done, Seth. He's got a family! Don't make me regret this. It's only a matter of time before folks find out. You're nothing but a thug, a killer. I'm not that man anymore. Well, there's three dead men from Chicago who'd argue otherwise. Tell me something. How long you planning on going around ruining the lives of decent women? Cynthia's dead because of you. You should be rotting in prison. Yeah, why? Her blood's on your hands, just as much as mine. Is that what all this is about? - Revenge? - No. If I don't keep killing on behalf of American prosperity, the man I work for is gonna put me back in prison. And that's why you are gonna confess to those murders. I told you, I'm not that man anymore. Jesus, Creeley! Yeah? Neither am I. You sure about that? Looks like you still got your blind spot... Squealy. Don't tell me you've taken up the cloth too these days, Lew. Nah. I just rob banks. You might be faster than me and Lew these days, or you might not. But you're not faster than me and Lew together. Nothing to get worked up about, folks. Just someone's idea of a prank. Let's get back to enjoying this year's fine carnival. The authorities have got this situation under control. The authorities are exactly what's wrong with this county. Sheriff, you stand here with your hands in your pockets while they got a killer at large. Trouble is, if your hands aren't in your pockets, they're probably in ours. I think you said just about enough, Melvin. I think the First Amendment says I can talk all I want. This is still America, isn't it? Shootout in town, crucified farmers... Why are law and order suddenly dirty words around here? It's time for a change. And if Don Berryman's not willing to uphold the rule of law, then I guess someone else will. My name's Melvin Stubbs, and I'm humbled and honored to announce my candidacy for the sheriff of Holden County. Let's meet the people, boys. How you doing? Melvin Stubbs. Glad to meet you. What are we gonna do, Uncle Sheriff Don? Find Calvin Rumple. Someone's putting Melvin up to this. Melvin Stubbs. Appreciate your vote. Who sent you after me? Who says I wasn't doing it for fun? We may have similar notions of fun, hombre. You're gonna yank out my teeth? This is a burdizzo. It's for castrating balls. Tell my friend everything he wants to know, or I'll juice your cojones from where they hang. Who sent you? Was it some kind of doctor? Because he sent others. It's time to start praying. Do I look like some kind of idiot believer to you? You're a fraud. Both of you are. God's dead because of men like you. I would suggest you watch your language. Why? If you're gonna kill me, it'll only send me back to the same nothingness I came from, and you know all about that. Don't you, Preacher? Life and death don't matter. What we call life is just an exercise in absurdity. A long, boring joke. You're wrong. Life is precious. And God loves you. Seth, what the hell was that? Blasphemer got what he deserved. We'll take care of the body later. We could've gotten more out of him. Better get that shoulder patched up before it gets infected. Do I wanna know what you two were doing down in my storm cellar? Bible study? Preachers don't get shot at. And if they did, they'd be hollering in pain right now. Are you saying you're impressed by my toughness, Martha? Whatever it is you and Preacher Seth are up to, I do know it's for the benefit of the farmers and this strike. So, you actually believe in him? Seth saved this farm. And I know he's gonna save my son. Seth was sent here to help us. And I'll help him any way I can. He was packing up his car to leave town. Is that the plan, Calvin? Get Melvin Stubbs to run against me and skiptomyLou outta town? I don't know what you're talking about. I'm just trying to stay alive. Explain. That strikebreaker I hired is now pushing me around. He wants me to immediately foreclose on all these farms. All at once. But if I do that, those farmers will kill me, so I'm splitting. Before I allow you to do that, I need you to do something for me. Wonderful. You need a favor too. Can I get anything for you guys as well? Cheese plate? Reverse lobotomy? Tell the Duvall family if they're interested in Holden County, they can help themselves by funding my reelection campaign. Duvall family? Why do you think I'm in conversation with a family of industrialists? Because that's who your strikebreaker's really working for. They're trying to move in. I need to do more than skip on it. I need to sprint. Seth? God. I heard you were shot. It was Lew. But he's fine. Martha's patching him up. Sit down for a second. Those other two men we killed... Creeley dug them up. He's sending us a warning. Maybe we should heed it. We need to look for another town in need of a preacher. I think it's time to leave Holden. We've never gotten this far before in any other town. Look what it's costing. Wives are losing husbands, children are losing fathers. Not because of you, because of your brother. Creeley's in Holden because of me. If I go, he'll leave these people alone. And what happens when Creeley shows his face in the next town? We have to make our stand somewhere. Why not here? I can only imagine how you must feel, seeing your own brother as a strikebreaker. He disgusts you. Doesn't he? He's a thug for hire. After Sal, after Arkansas, you know how I feel about men like that. Word is those homesteaders haven't cleared out yet. I'll own up to Pa. You ain't gotta cover me anymore. Come, son. Finish your supper in our quarters. Come, let's go. Sure, sir. Apparently we eat supper now without me. - Sorry, sir. - Sorry, Pa. You clear out them homesteaders like I asked? It's taken care of. I made sure of it. Creeley really stepped up on this one, Pa. Good. Good. Gotta keep the train of progress rolling along. When Wallace gets home from the war, that train'll speed up a notch or two. It's been six years, Pa. Six years is nothing to a Turner man. Our kind persists, don't it? Yes, sir. But the days of just persisting are nearly over for us. I want you boys to thrive. For your futures to be brighter than mine. That's for lying to me and not doing your job. And this is for covering for your softass brother again. I'm doing all this for you boys. Don't forget that. Yes, sir. Finish your meal. Then you and I are going for a ride. Amy and the boys will be safe on my farm. Let those Turner bastards come back and see what they find. This is our land. We settled it. He's coming! For God's sake, open the door! I'm empty. All right, Creeley. Finish the job. I'll leave this time. I swear. What's better... One family to keep all this land for itself, or for the oil men to come in and start drilling and putting food on the tables of hundreds of families instead? We're tools, they're objects. Nothing more. If you start feeling for them, you won't be able to do your job. Are you a Turner man or not? No, please. My wife. My boys, no. There's nothing to feel. That's my boy. Go on, it's yours. Now you can finally put a notch on that gun of yours. What happened to you? I need boots. You got any bright ideas? What's going on? Need to find that sheriff, end this farmer's strike once and for all, 'cause that chicken shit banker don't come through on this, then I am done for. Tell me what's going on. Why? Because I'm the only person who cares whether you live or die. Seven years ago in a place called Colton Creek... My brother framed me for murder. I got a life sentence 'cause of it. And then Martin Eggers Hyde, he come along, and he arranged to get me my release and a Pinkerton badge. So, now if he says jump, then I ask how high. And if he says go kill a farmer, or go kill a labor organizer, then I... Then I ask how soon? And if I don't keep him happy, then he can send me back to prison any time. Your damn brother. He needs to clear your name. Yeah, he does. But first, I gotta stop this farmer's strike. You're just the man I'm looking for. Well, you took the words straight outta my mouth. I'm telling you, Sheriff, you got the wrong man. Well, a carny's already told me you paid him to take a break from the Ferris wheel just before that body arrived. So, as far as I'm concerned, I just arrested myself a murderer. Careful, Sheriff. Man I work for catches wind of this, gonna come down here and spring me out. Well, good, I can ask him why he has such an interest in this county. Perhaps I can solicit some campaign donations from him. You know, say I did put that rotten body on the Ferris wheel. That's not such a crime, is it? Isn't the preacher the real criminal here? Killing those men? Men? As in, plural? You're such a coward. You framed me, and now you're trying to frame Preacher Seth. You couldn't even look at my father in the eyes. You might as well have just shot him right in the back. Yeah, I did you a favor, you little shit. Killing your father. Now you can stop being a son and start being a man. Young Sam. Get away from the bars. Sheriff, listen. You been tracking this preacher as long as I have, you wouldn't be the slightest bit surprised that there are more bodies out there. Hell, he might even have some buried under his damn church. Do you ever think about Wyoming? Everything my father had us do? No. Do you? Every day. Stop. Keep things light and keep things moving. That's what I say. You know, this whole preacher act started out as a trick to get people to... listen to our message, but... Well, maybe there's something to it. Sin... Redemption... Atonement. You're singing a damn sappy song. Preacher Seth, the banks foreclosed on all our farms. Calvin Rumple skipped town. There's nothing we can do. We're gonna lose everything. Do not forget, we have dealt with setbacks before. Remember the Riley farm auction? Without the dairy farmers on our side, we don't have the numbers for another penny auction. Especially not if all the auctions are happening at once. This is it. The bank's gonna take us all out. Trust in the Lord. He has a plan, as do I. Please. Return to your homes, and wait for my word. So, what's the plan? I have no idea. Tthank you for such an eyeopening sermon, I'll take your biblical insights to heart. Can we help you, Sheriff? I've been hearing lots of stories about your, your holy powers of late. Well, you just missed our service. Perhaps you'll join us next Sunday. I remember coming here as a child. And the preacher was a fellow about your age, fire and brimstone type. The calamity of the age we're in! We are sinners, all of us! And so forth. Now he swept this town into a fevered pitch. Much like you're doing now. Holden was cleaner than a whistle for a wh... For a while, until my father and his friends they yanked that preacher out of his church. Dragged him behind a horse up and down Main Street. You see, while that preacher... Was busy saving our souls from eternal damnation, he was also sleeping with half the congregation's wives. So, to answer your question in short, Miss Amelia, No, I will not be joining your congregation. However, if you can really call down miracles, Preacher... Now's probably the time. You know we couldn't have done this. You mean, you say you two aren't stupid enough to murder a couple of fellas and hide them under your own damn church? No, we're not. Well, I don't much care. All of a sudden I've got Melvin Stubbs after my badge, and dead bodies floating to the surface. So, I need to arrest somebody. And right now, that somebody is the two of you. The strikebreaker is framing us. And he's done a fair job of it. More politics! Seth, dear. Sheriff... We feel for your difficult situation. We're here to serve. Let us serve you. - Excuse me? - Give us until tomorrow to find the real killer. After all, the congregation and the farmers have grown fond of us. If Melvin Stubbs running against you, you'll need their vote. Should be your size. I thought I said boots. So, um... Should I call this Eggers Hyde guy, - get you out? - No. Don't you even think about it. You do... You do that, and we are both dead. You understand me? Yeah. You got the sheriff to save my neck once. Whatever you did, maybe try it again. You know, hell, give the bastard a good screw if that's what it takes, you know? Can't do that. Why not? I'm his daughter. All right, thanks for your thoughtful words of comfort and understanding. Don't worry. I'll earn my keep, figure out a way to get you out. Hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. Come here. Come here. I don't wanna be like this. But if I let myself feel anything, then I cannot do my job. I know. I tell myself the same thing. Here. You... You hold onto it for me till I get out, okay? It's what I got left of my mama. Okay. You know, the last time I saw her, I was a... I was just a tubby kid in short pants. Never imagined this is what I'd grow up to be. What'd you wanna be? You'll laugh. Bet I won't. Schoolteacher. Yeah. And I can't even read a damn word. You still got time. I'll work on finding a way to get you out. But now you know I'm the sheriff's dirty little secret. If you need to, use that to leverage your way out. We have to get rid of these... IDs for the three men from Chicago who tried to kill us. If it comes to it, I'll turn myself in. When the sheriff gets here, you can both deny that you had any involvement in this. Amelia, I appreciate the hospitality. Seth, nice to see you're doing well. I got some business to attend to in town before I hit the road, so... Say my goodbyes now. Why are you leaving now? He's leaving now because when the sheriff comes here, no one will be at the station... Which is right next door to the bank. What does that have to do with anything? Lew's wanted in five states for bank robbery. You're a bank robber? Missus almost looks impressed. Are you one too? No. Perhaps you should reconsider. - You see? - Ladies love outlaws. Seth, there's enough money in that bank to pay off all the farm loans through winter, maybe longer. This is how we can save their farms. Well, hold on. I need that money. The farmers need it more. You know as well as I do the rich will never be satisfied until they control every good thing in this country. You've seen it firsthand. Perhaps, hell, I imagine it might even eat at you even when you tell yourself it doesn't. Well... there goes the sheriff. So, it's probably about time I gave you this. I've been holding on to this thing for seven years. Well, take it. You kept this? Well, why you giving it to me now? Because sooner or later, I won't be walking out of one of these banks. Shh. No. Listen up. If any of you call attention to a passerby, we'll fill all your carcasses with hot lead. Now, go to the back wall. Git! Hey. Are you a problem? I thought I was just a bit buzzed, but I must be pretty damn shitfaced. No, I'll show myself to the wall. And I guess you'll be helping me with the vault. All right, hands behind your head, knees on the floor. What's your name, darling? Rose Jericho. - I need your help. - Come on. I can't open the vault. - You sure about that? - It's on a timer. Wait here, darling. Shit. Triple clock time lock. It unlocks only once a day during a tenminute window, which isn't now. Can you break it? This is a thing of beauty built by a master craftsman. It's tamper proof and indestructible. Never seen one before in the wild. My Iowa Rose, please bring me that satchel. Now, stay here. Nice perfume. Stay here, please. The bank was smart to upgrade the lock, too bad they didn't upgrade the door. What's this supposed to be? Thank heavens. This man just broke into our home and tried to kill me. I had to shoot him in selfdefense. I was hysterical, I... I don't know how I managed to do it. Sheriff, you don't think that this man was responsible for all three murders, do you? Raymond, go around back and check the premises. This man was knocked out, and by the looks of things, not recently. And the rope burns on his wrist suggest to me that... he was tied up. So, let's just for a moment pretend that you don't take me for a complete idiot. I just wonder. Why do you think you can get away with this? Because... while I do believe in the separation of church and state, that doesn't mean that the two can't share mutual interests from time to time. - It's quite the story. - I'm glad to see you're safe. So am I. Just after this killer broke into the house, the sheriff arrived and apprehended him with necessary lethal force. A welltimed visit. What brought you here in the first place, Sheriff? My cooking. Yes. Mrs. Davenport is a woman of disparate talents. After stopping the assailant, I searched him and found three identification cards, one belonging to one dead man on the Ferris wheel, plus two more dead bodies. Thankfully, this man's reign of terror is over. Come on, darling, let's go. - What are those? - Purchase papers. Some outoftowner's been buying up land in the area and getting permits for factories. Lover boy, we gotta go. Someday you'll tell your grandchildren about this. Hey. Ladies and gentlemen, this is your lucky day. You've just had the honor of being robbed by Lew Nez. Hey! You know, I always wanted to be a hero. Yeah? - Well, I haven't. - Hey. Hey! Come on! I thought you were in jail. Sheriff got his man. Afternoon, Mr. Turner. Lovely day for a drive. Synced & corrected by PopcornAWH www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 