Damnation: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Damnation 
 s1e10 - God's Body - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Damnation (2017–2018): Season 1, Episode 10 - God's Body - full transcript 
 Seth and Creeley must confront the truth about their past, and figure out a way to survive the rapidly arriving future. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously, on "Damnation"... Turns out, this is what the Duvalls do. They hire muscle to clear whatever land they want. We'd like the Black Legion to stop this farmer's strike. Why was our Pinkerton shooting at your men? Because that Pinkerton and the preacher are in cahoots. Amelia told me about her first husband. I certainly hope you were able to mete out some retribution on that strikebreaker. I never got the chance. You mean you didn't kill him? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The Black Legion... They taking over this town. Looks like we just caught ourselves a couple of agitators. We best get prepared to defend ourselves. What's it say? They've got Amelia. If I don't hand myself over, they say she's next. Dear child. Let's get you back inside. If you've come to take my son, you'll have to get through me to do it. I'm not here for young Sam, Martha. It may be hard to believe, but I'm here to serve this county. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Now, tell me what the hell happened here? Well... there were at least a hundred of them. We seen torches coming over that ridge. Over that ridge. Hey. Hey. How'd you sleep last night? Like a log, you? You know, likewise. I had the strangest dreams though. Does that chapel look familiar to you? It's Colton Creek. I don't think this is the first time you've been involved in the Duvall family's dirty work. Hey, hey, what're you gonna hand yourself over now? I'm not gonna let the past repeat itself. Okay, well, maybe it ain't up to you? Go on, tell him. The name Paideuma Oil sound familiar to you? That's the company that hired our family to... clear land for them. If you dig deep enough, you'll find Paideuma Oil's owned by the Duvall family. See? The bastards who're behind Melvin Stubbs and the Black Legion are the same people who paid Pa to clear all that land. Kill Cynthia, Preacher Rainey. Everything we've been through, Seth, it's 'cause of them. And now they've got Amelia. I can't risk losing her. I'm handing myself over. And then what? I'm gonna stall, and hope somebody figures something out. - Stop! Hands up. - Hold it right there. I'm unarmed. Stock's gone. So's the market. I don't even know if we even have any livestock left. For all we know, they're still controlling the roads and the blockades. Yeah, well, I'm going back into town and try to find out where they took the preacher and stashed his missus. We're going with you. Preston won't make it unless we get him to a doctor. Good afternoon. We have someone in urgent need of medical care. As we presume no doctors would be willing to travel these roads, we're taking him into town ourselves. I would now like to appeal to your common decency, and petition you to let us through. All y'all boys are armed, Damn right we are. Show 'em. Ma'am, I believe you just shot three men without a miss. It appears you shot three out of four targets. A laudable percentage. So tell me, Sheriff, are you gonna be arresting us for firing on these here fellas? No, I imagine once these fellas aimed their weapons, it was a clearcut case of selfdefense. Off with your costumes! Each of you is a clear accomplice to your hooded brethren's attempted deadly assault. But as some of you may have heard, I'm capable of the occasional compromise. So, if all of you get your worthless asses out of this county, we won't shoot you down like dogs! Unless you return. Now, git! Go! Go! Come on, get moving! It should now be a clear path into town for you ladies. Thank you very much, Sheriff. Well, my distinct pleasure. I reckon you got the cuddly feelings, Sheriff. I haven't felt this warm inside since I saw you do your little jinglejangle dance in that warehouse. Drive me to town. For an unredeemable racist, I have to admit Melvin has solid political instincts. If Melvin wins, he'll get his hands on young Sam again. Well, you are the one that arrested him. Yeah. Evidence suggests either Sam pulled the trigger that killed Pete, or someone did a fancy job of framing him. Time of day'd you say that, poor Pete Collingsworth was killed? Morning. Well, see, I was tracking the little Riley shit the entire morning. Yeah, he was all the way across town rousing up commies. So, Sam Jr. was nowhere near the Collingsworth farm that day? No. It appears I've arrested the wrong man. Where you off to, cowboy? I'm gonna go talk to this, new banker. Why? Well, he's on Duvall's payroll. He might be the only one who could talk down Melvin Stubbs and his attack goons. Where the sun never shines and you shiver...  Ma thought you might like some clean clothes and a homecooked meal. It's gonna take more than fresh laundry and a casserole to get you back in my good graces. So, should I turn over my badge? Not yet. I need all the men I can get. In fact... I need you to deputize every farmer, moonshiner, fornicator, and degenerate gambler who's willing to help us take down these Legion bastards. Sure thing, Uncle Sheriff Don. Starting at the Riley farm. That banker gonna call off Melvin? That banker's dead, so we're gonna have to figure something else out. I think I have an idea where Melvin might be. Till the polls close and the fate of your county is sealed. So, it's high time you fulfilled your patriotic duty and cast your vote. As sheriff of Holden County, I'll hold every lawbreaker accountable for his crimes. You deserve a sheriff who puts Holden County's interests above his own. I'll defend our way of life with every ounce of my American blood. Where is she? Out of my hands. Greetings, my name is Martin Eggers Hyde, PhD. You're the doctor? Indeed I am, Mr. Davenport, or should I say, Mr. Turner? Yes, I know your actual identity. And in fact, an ambitious young banker even shared with me this touching photograph of yourself and your brother back in simpler times. Fear not, that banker took that secret with him to the grave. If you hurt Amelia, I will split you open from asshole to throat. That is a brute, yet effective turn of phrase. Perhaps you should bring your linguistic verve to the airwaves, broadcast your message directly to the people. Here, I've even prepared some remarks to help you do just that. You expect me to go on air and denounce everything I stand for? Well, I certainly hope you'll consider it. What's it going to be, Preacher Davenport? Your cause or your wife? Now, if you go on the air, and denounce your divisive behavior... And the outright lies you and your wife have been spreading... We'll let her leave town and live. I cannot, however, extend the same promise to you, of course. I need to talk to her first. This button lets you talk to her. This button puts you live on air. Proceed carefully. Have they hurt you? No. He wants me to denounce the strike, the Labor Bulletin, and to tell the farmers to give up. Don't do it. He says they'll kill you if I don't. It's not an empty threat. After what they did to DL... They killed him. DL's dead. I'm gonna read the sermon the doctor's written. Then I presume they'll kill me. Don't do it. They're going to kill us both anyway. Whatever happens, I need you to know. Cynthia's blood is on my hands just as much as Creeley's. I never told her who I really was, or that I was putting her life in danger by being with her. I never told her who I was because I was ashamed of it. I used to do the same work that Creeley does. Same work as the man who killed Sal and all those workers in Arkansas. Amelia, I was a thug, a strikebreaker, a killer for hire. I killed innocent people so the Duvall family could steal their land, their homes, their farms. And there's no forgiving me for that. It's a moving confessional, Preacher. But your wider audience is waiting. Go ahead. I'm ready. In three, two... My name is Preacher Seth Davenport of Holden, Iowa. You don't likely know who I am. But if you've seen revolutionary religious pamphlets or communist newspapers spreading lies about the Duvall family and other industrialists, you've seen my work. After much prayer and deliberation, I'd like to make an important announcement to the rural masses. I hereby command all farmers and workers and wouldbe striking men and women of this state to see the error of their ways and immediately stand down. This unAmerican war we are fighting cannot be won, and it should not be fought. Despite the lies I've had planted in the Iowa Labor Bulletin, the truth is, our real savior is progress. For who needs... For who needs Jesus Christ when you've got Henry Ford? We are experiencing a temporary technical difficulty, but we will return shortly with the rest of Preacher Davenport's sermon. For now, please do enjoy the dulcet tones of... Some hillbilly. Who the hell is that? The man who owns me. Fall back. Keep firing. - George! - Get the hell out of here. Let's go! I imagine you're staring up at your worst nightmare, ain't you? Take off your hood! You better kill me now before I get my hands on your... Run. Go on! Go! Go! She okay? No. She's not. Help. Please, help. The hell was that? I told her what I used to do and what I did to Cynthia. If we make it out of this alive, I'll confess. You can't keep doing this... and I can't keep running from my past. Let's just focus on the alive part? Was there anyone else in here? I don't think so. Two of those hooded bastards got away. One of them must be Eggers Hyde. How is Preston? He's not out of the woods yet. His commitment to his family is admirable. I do hope he pulls through. I know you're all scared and troubled by recent events, and though it's unfortunate the Black Legion's blockades have kept the farmers from coming in and placing their votes, I'd like to personally commend each one of you townsfolk for voting in the face of such lawlessness and disorder. Holy mother of God. I think y'all are gonna stand down, or else me and my cohorts here... We're gonna take our turns with you and give what's left over to the preacher's wife. What's this about, Don? Melvin Stubbs, you are under arrest for the kidnapping of Amelia Davenport, the murder of DL Sullivan, and for leading the Black Legion's attack on this county. Knew this campaign was making progress, but I had no idea we were doing so well that you'd make up wild stories so you could arrest me. All theatrics, people. Amelia! Thank goodness you're okay. We thought you might be dead. Melvin Stubbs is lucky the sheriff got to him first. I'd like nothing more than to watch that man burn. What do you mean, watch that man burn? It's a common turn of phrase. Certainly you wouldn't be capable of such a thing as murder. Yeah, tell that to the strikebreaker who killed my first husband. Yes, in Marion County, Arkansas. Did you watch that man burn? I tied that son of a bitch to his car, doused him with gasoline... and then... Martha... if something were to happen to me... would you be willing to take care of Brittany? Of course. But why would you ask that? Idle curiosity. I've been told that the Black Legion have abandoned their blockades. The phone lines are back up. Call every farmer you know and tell them to drive into town and vote. Polls close in 30 minutes. Preacher Seth, half our farms have been ruined. Most of the food we have stored up is been destroyed. I mean, thanks to your church's benefactor, we have enough money to make it through winter but... But then it's just gonna start all over again. I heard you on the radio... You're right, we can't win. Those weren't my words. I was forced to give that sermon. That doesn't make it any less true. Look around, nothing's changed. If we keep putting up a fight, they'll keep coming after us. They're gonna come after us anyways. Might as well be for something that we believe in. And I don't know about the rest of you, but I'm not just fighting for fair food prices anymore. Now I'm fighting for you, Victor... To be able to work your farm and raise your family in peace. And Horace, I'm fighting for you... To be able to rebuild your farm into something that you'll be proud to hand down to your girls. We have to have each other's backs, and last night that meant taking up our guns. Well, right now, that means filling out a ballot. But as long as we haven't given up, they haven't won. Well, you heard the man. Let's cast those votes. Thanks, Reg. Yeah, say hello to the missus. All right. So, the state police'll be transporting you boys to Fort Madison for your own protection. I'll be handing you over as soon as they arrive. And what about those farmers? And that strikebreaker, and that preacher that helped Sam Jr. Escape punishment? Well, it turns out Sam Jr. has an airtight alibi, so murder charges have been dropped. What's wrong? They just finished counting up the votes. Melvin Stubbs is the new sheriff of Holden County. Murdering son of a bitch won by seven votes. Where we gonna go? Tahiti? Toledo? Tucumcari? Doesn't matter, we just gotta get out of here as fast as possible. Creeley Turner. May I please come in? Mr. Duvall, what are you doing here? Please, call me Tennyson. My Turner. I wouldn't make yourself too familiar, Mr. Turner. Lovely abode. Why are you packing up? Well, my guess is. Mr. Turner assumes he's on to the next assignment after a job well done here in Holden. What would your name be, young miss? Aw, she's just a dumb whore trying to milk a dollar out of me before I go. Go on, get out of here. I said, git, whore! Don't need your type around here. Pardon her. You know how these hussies can get. So, Martin called to tell me of your great success here in Holden. He has? I admit I was concerned when I saw the razed farms and Sheriff's bulletridden car in the middle of Main Street. But then I explained to Mr. Duvall how this preacher, Seth Davenport, had recruited not just the farmers but also the vile Black Legion and the corrupt sheriff's department to oppose our progressive efforts and how you had managed to get both our preferred candidate Melvin Stubbs elected and bust the strike... All without a disturbed word making it into any of the legitimate newspapers. It's a commendable achievement, Creeley, But you should know you won't be leaving town anytime soon. Thank you. For what? For saving my life. This is what I wanted. To know the truth. DL was just a kid with his entire life ahead of him. And I bat my eyes, yank him into our cause, and now he's dead. Melvin Stubbs is going to be sheriff now, and the Duvall family and my father are going to do God knows what to this town. The preacher act, our socalled marriage... It's only a story we told ourselves so we could believe we were actually decent people. It's real to me. Which part? All of it... Our marriage, our relationship with God. You mean your relationship with God, because if you open your eyes and take a look around, it's pretty goddamn clear we're on our own. I'd really prefer if you didn't take our Lord's name in vain. And I would really prefer if I didn't suddenly see Sal's charred remains every time I look at your face now. Hello? I'm DL's landlady. I know he would want Amelia to have this. Thank you. What did she want? She said DL would want you to have this. I must admit transferring powers is a bit tricky when the newlyelected sheriff is behind bars. Uncle Don? Yeah, well, Melvin beat me at my own game, Raymond. Once he takes control of this station, I don't imagine his charges are gonna stick. Glad to see you're dealing with this like an adult, Don. Well, one adult to another, I was wondering what will be your policy going forward concerning Holden's minority population? Deputy Tanner Phillips, do you have a policy statement? If you're talking about that nosy whore or the uppity dairy farmer, then our policy is to find a tall tree and a short rope. Well, I suppose that's what people are looking for these days... Men with the courage of their own convictions. Lord, Don, what are you doing this for? Because that nosy whore is my daughter, and it's high time I started being a father to that girl. Raymond, when the state police get here, tell them I'm over at my place, drinking a fine scotch and listening to the celestial sounds of... Of Memphis Pearl. What are we doing here, Mr. Duvall? Breaking ground. Go ahead and grab that shovel, Mr. Turner. Some of the farmers have already begun selling off their land. Mr. Duvall will be bringing the modern world to Holden County. My family and a few select business partners have been looking for somewhere we can research and develop the next generation of technological, chemical, and scientific innovations... Without troublesome meddling, of course. Just imagine if we could not only evolve chemical weaponry to unleash on our foreign enemies, but also design uniforms for our soldiers to protect them from that selfsame weaponry. The great America century will be built through science, Mr. Turner, not cornbread and biscuits. Creeley... It truly is stunning what you've accomplished here. However did you manage it? It's, it's a complicated situation, Mr. Duvall, and, I'm not exactly sure how to explain it. Let's not be falsely modest. I've already told Mr. Duvall what splendid work you've done. You shot me? My God. My God, I'm bleeding. Did you really think I was gonna buy all this? Well, yes. Obviously. That's always been your worst trait, Martin. You mistake cleverness for wisdom and underestimate the intelligence of your fellow man. That's why I was grooming John Dyson to replace you. You were? Dyson was reporting to me ever since he arrived here. So, after he called to inform you that you'd somehow assigned the Preacher Seth Davenport's long lost brother to stop him, he informed me as well. So, I know you killed poor John Dyson to cover that up. And I know that you ordered Dyson to enlist the Black Legion here in Holden, and thereby risked my family's good name. We're a family of philanthropists, art lovers, and progressive entrepreneurs, Martin. Not killers and thugs. Creeley, I've got good news and bad news. Which would you like to hear first? The good news. An important position in my family's organization has just opened up. I'd like to offer you that position. You want me to take the place of him? I'd be disappointed if you didn't. Offer accepted. And the, the bad news? Your brother remains an obstacle. Sorry to interrupt your evening's music. My name is Preacher Seth Davenport of Holden, Iowa, and earlier today, you may have heard me tell the farmers and workers and wouldbe strikers to stand down, that our fight could not be won. But I was interrupted before I could finish, which is important because what I was gonna say next was that those are the very words the rich and powerful in this country want me to say to you. It may sound strange to hear a man of God say this, but the truth is, America is a land of outlaws and outcasts, bitches and sons of bitches, wanderers and scoundrels, bastards and sinners and frauds. Always has been. And I believe we're all the better for it. But there are powerful interests out there who are banking on you being wellbehaved, quiet, and easily ruled. In fact, they're betting their entire fortunes on it. I know because I used to be on their side. I was a strikebreaker, a gun for hire. So, I have no right to tell you what to do with your lives. But since I've been on the other side, I can tell you that no one is coming to save you. The government's not coming to save you, and you've probably figured that out by now. Science and technology aren't gonna save you. Celebrities and businessmen won't save you. Not even religion will save you. So, it's up to us, and God. It's up to us to come together as God's body here on Earth. Bitch or bastard, scoundrel or fraud, I'm asking for your help. If you can hear me, I want you to grab your nearest firearm, walk out your front door, and fire a warning shot into the air, because I want every crooked politician and big shot industrialist and wouldbe tyrant in this land to know that you're out there. I want them to know you will not be tamed. You will not be ripped off. You will not be broken. We're fighting for the soul of this country, and we can't win without you on our side. Good Lord, DL. I'm actually jealous. Connie? Is something wrong? I very much need us to talk, one widow to another. I'm only Going Over home I am a poor wayfaring stranger Traveling through This world of woe That no sickness No toil, no danger In that bright world To which I go Amelia, have you been listening to the radio? This is how we're gonna do it. This is how we're gonna bring people together. I bet even God Himself can hear it. Amelia? I'm justa going Over Jordan I'm justa Going Over Home... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 