Damnation: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Damnation 
 s1e7 - A Different Species - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Damnation (2017–2018): Season 1, Episode 7 - A Different Species - full transcript 
 Creeley meets his master on an exclusive hunting retreat, but finds there is more than one game at play; Seth infiltrates a nearby factory. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously, on "Damnation"... Have you ever seen this man? He now masquerades as a roving preacher. He was last seen in Marion County, Arkansas, murdering my husband. Where'd you get this? Preacher. Iowa. You're a bank robber? There's enough money in that bank to pay off all the farm loans through winter, maybe longer. [EXPLOSIONS] What are those? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Permits for factories. So, who exactly are you buying this farmland for? - [PHONE RINGING] - Yes? Martin Eggers Hyde? PhD. What is it? I'm humbled to announce my candidacy for the sheriff of Holden County. My brother framed me for murder. And Martin Eggers Hyde... If I don't keep him happy, he can send me back to prison anytime. Mr. Turner, why are you having so much trouble with these farmers? Lovely day for a drive. Appears this farmer's strike is alive and well and attempts to end it are making headlines 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 in this agitational rag. Oh, most surprisingly, I received a telephone call from Holden's local whorehouse. You did? A woman I presume to be a prostitute had the temerity to ask for me by my name. Which whore was it? Could've been any one of them, I suppose. Well, since I did free you from that horrid prison, I'm surprised that you would spread my name around so freely. One of the whores must've snuck in my room. Found one of your letters. [SCOFFS] How enterprising of her. Perhaps I should have hired the whore instead. The professional that I sent in to eliminate the preacher and his wife has disappeared. Do you know what happened to him? I wasn't informed of his identity. No, I suppose you were not. It's curious. Man of God, endowed with such lethality. Have you managed to uncover anything about this Preacher Seth Davenport's past while in Holden? No, I haven't. You are a fascinating specimen indeed, Mr. Turner. Well, let's continue our drive, unless you prefer to linger and enjoy the view, of course. [TENSE MUSIC] [WHIP CRACKS] [WHIMPERS] No, thank you. ♪ ♪ [ENGINE TURNS OVER] [ENGINE WHIRRING] ♪ ♪ [BRAKES SCREECH] ♪ ♪ This who I think it is? In the flesh and blood. Creeley Turner. You truly are an American original. So glad you could join us. Thanks for having me, Mister... Tennyson Duvall. Fine masculine grip. [MELLOW MUSIC] ♪ ♪ If you don't mind relaxing and dining with your colleague here, tomorrow should prove to be an adventure. Sustenance may help. ♪ ♪ [TENSE MUSIC] ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ [INDISTINCT CHATTER] Seth, this is over $30,000. The farmers can start paying off their loans no matter the food prices. They can get through the winter on this. Apparently the Lord's plan was to send us a bank robber. Where's Lew now? Spreading his legend to the belles of the south. Lew made sure everyone knew it was him, so Holden just looks like a public enemy's random target. We also found these... Purchase papers for land in and around Holden. Same buyer each time... Tuck Tandy. Huh. This one's filled out for the Riley farm just before the penny auction. Tuck Tandy must've been the prick in the suit I kept from bidding on the farm. According to these papers, he's trying to buy up half of Holden and everything around it. Not just Holden. He also purchased that fertilizer plant in Cherokee County. And by the suit he was wearing, I doubt it's his money he's spending. He must be a front for someone. Then I need to go to that fertilizer plant and see if I can get the name of whoever's actually behind all this. How are we gonna get the money to the farmers without raising suspicion? That's the last thing I'm worried about. Why's that? 'Cause you're already thinking about it. It's strange. I just noticed myself feeling something I don't think I've felt for years. Oh, yeah? What's that? I almost wanna call it hope. [SOFT MUSIC] ♪ ♪ Let me guess... Eggers Hyde got you out of prison and a job with the Pinkertons. Yup. Anyone happen to tell you why we're here? Nope. Yeah, me neither. I was trying to bust a cannery strike in St. Louis and it started going to shit. [DOOR CLICKS] [CLEARS THROAT] Morning, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Turner. Do follow me. Please remove your clothing. And your undergarments. Better here than behind bars, wouldn't you agree? Wait, are we supposed to put these on? [TENSE MUSIC] ♪ ♪ [MOODY WESTERN MUSIC] ♪ ♪ You've truly outdone yourself this time. They're both magnificent. [GRUNTING] Just take the damn oil man's money and leave the state. Start a new life somewhere else. This is my home. Yeah, I know it is. [HEAVY BREATHING] When can we stop doing this? Not soon enough. [KNOCKING] I'll check the door. You stay here and cover me. Uh, hello. Hello to you as well. My name is Cynthia Rainey and this is my father, the Reverend Alistair Rainey. We've just moved into the chapel near Colton Creek. That's the next county over. Well, it turns out there aren't as many Christian pilgrims in Wyoming as father was led to believe. So, we're taking wing and introducing ourselves to a wider swath of the citizenry... Who perhaps may introduce themselves in return. I'm Seth. Seth what? Just Seth. This is your farmhouse, Just Seth? Um, my brother and I recently moved in. ♪ ♪ Okay, Cynthia, time to move on. Well, here's to new directions and exciting possibilities. I hope you'll join our next service. ♪ ♪ Welcome, ladies. Preacher Seth has asked us to trust in the Lord, and I have good news. We've received a generous donation from a supporter of our strike. [WOMEN GASPS] It's enough to cover all of your farm expenses at least through the winter. I heard the bank was robbed at gunpoint yesterday. Thank you, Gloria, for voicing your concern. "The wicked borroweth, and payeth not again." "- But the righteous sheweth mercy, and giveth." I too enjoy reading the Book of Psalms. Now, it's essential that you pay only the minimum on your farm loan each month. Stretch the rest out as long as you can. Now, who is prepared to receive this holy gift, hm? [WOMEN MURMURING] ♪ ♪ [FOLK MUSIC] ♪ ♪ [SCOFFS] That new banker's mine. You don't get to have bob on all the high-rolling knobs around here. - New banker? - I'll give you two dollars if you let me serve that cocksucker a drink. And after that? You can bob and bob till his knob shines like a new dime. [LAUGHS] Fine, pay up, slut. ♪ ♪ So, you're the new banker? It's quite the upgrade. I wonder if the new strikebreaker they're sending will be a similar improvement. And why would you be concerned with strikebreaking? Cowboy fella was a good tipper. [SCOFFS] Well, at least he was good at something. He sure wasn't good at keeping his mouth shut. You know what happened to the cowboy? Here, take the tip. You want the money and I wanna be left alone. Last thing I need is someone dialing up my superiors and putting my neck on the chopping block. ♪ ♪ She bothering you? No, she's just doing her job. Tanner? Let's discuss your town's volatile political situation. [TENSE MUSIC] ♪ ♪ Now that our hunting party is complete, we'll be splitting into two groups. Mr. Turner will lead one team, and Mr. Johnson the other. Wait, what are we hunting? Poor people. The doctor jests, of course. Our game is elk. ♪ ♪ Is this Preacher Seth's church? The preacher isn't here right now, but you found the right church. I'm his wife, Amelia. [OMINOUS MUSIC] Well, praise the Lord. ♪ ♪ My husband, Leonard, was a striking miner in Harlan County. One of the leaders, actually. He was brutally murdered by a strikebreaker. That poor, dear child is the only thing I have left in this world. I'm so sorry. How did you hear about Seth's work? These writings. I can't tell you what they've meant to me. The pamphlet made it all the way out to Kentucky. Workers pass them around for strength. This writing spoke to me like no other words ever have before... Except the Holy Bible itself. God forgive my sins. I heard rumor this Preacher Seth might be in Iowa, so I took it upon myself to come here in the hopes of finding him... And making sure my Leonard didn't die in vain. I know we can't bring your husband back, but we will do everything we can to help out you and your daughter. [FOREBODING MUSIC] So, I can meet your husband? Seth is in a neighboring town, but he'll be back soon enough. Right now I'm due to make house calls on some of the strike wives. Could we possibly join you? Well, of course. Thank you. What a blessed day. We are the founding backbone of this country... Ordinary, hardworking, law-abiding citizens... The sort of folk, it appears, that Sheriff Don Berryman is too good to stand behind and protect. We need law and order around here. Our dirt roads are gonna resemble the bloody streets of New York and Chicago. If I'm elected Sheriff, I'm gonna track down who robbed this bank and bring them to justice. And I'm gonna root out all this town's agitators, and communists and traitors, and put an end to this unlawful farmers' strike... What's your journalistic perspective on this? I, uh, would say Melvin Stubbs has his finger on the angry pulse of this town. You certain Mr. Babbage would agree with that? I want you to bring me everything you can find on the means and methods of the Duvall family. Scour the archives and make some calls, okay? Okay. Vote for me. Sheriff of Holden County. [APPLAUSE] ["BOYS, THE NIGHT WILL BURY YOU" BY HOLLY FIGUEROA] ♪ ♪ ♪ Of all the things ♪ ♪ That you keep near ♪ ♪ Take hold now ♪ ♪ Of the one you have ♪ ♪ 'cause the time will come ♪ ♪ A little too soon ♪ ♪ Boys, the night ♪ ♪ Will bury you ♪ ♪ ♪ Do lead the way, Mr. Turner. We are counting on you to utilize your reserves of expertise and cunning. ♪ ♪ [LEAVES CRUNCHING] ♪ ♪ [GUNSHOT] ♪ And disappear without a fight ♪ Rather impressive. Though a little birdie told me that your vigorous young opponent just took down a 14-pointer. His reflexes and muscle control are impeccable. [WHISPERING] What am I doing here? Hm? Which is a... what is this, some kind of punishment? [LAUGH] Why would you require punishment, Mr. Turner? As you said, I'm making solid progress on breaking the strike. ♪ The trouble now ♪ ♪ Is not the truth ♪ ♪ There's things out there ♪ ♪ That'll bend your bones ♪ [INDISTINCT CHATTER] ♪ Boys, the night will bury you ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Boys, the night will bury you ♪ ♪ ♪ First things first. We'll have to get these rags off of all of you. When do we get that cornbread and mash we were promised? You get your food when you've done your work. That's the protocol. Now follow me. [MACHINES HISSING] [TENSE MUSIC] ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ [CREAKING] ♪ ♪ Give us a minute, get the next test group ready. ♪ ♪ [MAN SCREAMING] ♪ ♪ Seems like only yesterday Sam Jr. was sitting on this porch, trying to hide some bullfrog or field mouse he'd found. Martha, this should be enough to get Sam Jr. a good lawyer. How could you ever afford that? We've been blessed with a generous benefactor, a helpful counterbalance to the wider corruption at work. Yes, my dear Leonard would speak in similar terms. Seizing the means of production and so forth. What's that mean? Well, some people are outraged by the idea that the people that actually do the work also share some of the profits. So, why don't the farmers just sell the food themselves? Everyone goes to the market to buy their groceries. They don't go to the farms. It's just not how it's done. Maybe it should be. I think Brittany's on to something. Martha, what if we turn this farm into our own marketplace? Farmers could bring their goods and sell them directly to the townspeople. They could set their own price and cut out the middle man. Huh? [TENSE MUSIC] ♪ ♪ [ENGINE TURNING OVER] ♪ ♪ With each new technological innovation, the human animal progresses forward. First, there was fire, and then the wheel, gunpowder, the printing press, and so forth. We are currently enjoying an era of unprecedented innovation. Just imagine what progress awaits. But what about God and his gift of creation? God's only gift to me was a defective heart and asthmatic lungs. [LAUGHTER] I wasn't supposed to live past the age of five, but my devout mother prayed and prayed over my poor, frail body every night for years, and do you know what eventually happened? What? - Nothing. - [LAUGHTER] Till my father ripped me from that deranged woman's hands and put me in the care of the finest doctors and technology money can buy. No, the age of God is over. Jesus didn't discover penicillin, Mr. Hopkins. Alexander Fleming did. Just imagine how many lives would be saved with each scientific breakthrough, each new innovation. I wonder what our guests think. As long as the booze keeps flowing, it all sounds good to me. [LAUGHTER] [SOFT PIANO MUSIC] Mr. Turner, surely you won't make us beg for your thoughts. ♪ ♪ Oh. Well, my pa always used to say, uh, a turtle only makes progress if he sticks his neck out. ♪ ♪ - Indeed. - Hear, hear. If you want a future worth living, you gotta take some chances. - Well said. - Yeah. [CHUCKLING] Man, this is the life. You should relax and enjoy yourself. ♪ ♪ [TENSE MUSIC] ♪ ♪ Mark them up. We'll start with subject C7-1. ♪ ♪ Quarantine the others in here. ♪ ♪ [SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC] [VALVE SQUEAKING] [HISSING] ♪ ♪ Get out of here, they're gonna poison you. Turn it off. Turn it off! [ALARM BELLS RINGING] [GRUNTING] What is all this? Answer my questions or I swear to God I'll put a bullet in your head. We're running tests on uniforms and equipment. Quality control. Who is it for? Is it for a doctor? I heard the name Duvall a couple times. That's all I know. ♪ ♪ [GUN CLICKS] There he is! Get out of here! Go now! [INDISTINCT CHATTER] I'm certain you're sitting there wondering what's this old fart have to say about God that I haven't already heard? You might not even be listening, because you believe you're too wicked to be a member of God's body, or to feel his mercy or his love. In God... I'm glad you came. I'm not really sure how to do this. Do what? Go to church. It's easy. Just listen. But hear this... Within you, there is a better version of yourself just waiting to be released. And that is the version of you that God sees. That is the version that he loves. All of us, no matter our sins, can be reborn. [CHURCH BELLS RINGING] So, what'd you think of the service? It wasn't what I expected. What did you expect? I don't know, I'm still surprised I came here. What are you doing here? Followed you, 'cause Pa easily could do likewise. Well, that's why I need you to start covering for me, 'cause I'm gonna be coming back here hopefully a lot. Yeah? You oughta tell her the truth about us so she can decide for herself whether she wants anything to do with you. You Seth's brother? Yes, ma'am. Fair warning, us Turners ain't exactly as friendly as we look. What'd he mean by that? Nothing, he's just high-strung and easy to spook. And you? [GENTLE MUSIC] I'm ready to be reborn. ♪ ♪ [EXCITED CHATTER] I quite agree with what you said earlier. Here, come with me. [CLASSICAL MUSIC] ♪ ♪ I figured you're a man who'd appreciate a glimpse of the future. See, recent studies suggest that women perform their housework more efficiently and willingly when in a state of sexual satisfaction. Okay. But, as you have probably noticed, this is a nation full of increasingly unhappy women. But luckily, there is a technological solution to every human problem. See, once I perfect, market, and distribute this contraption, common housewives should be able to achieve a quick and efficient climax as part of her daily morning routine. I see. And then she can perform her important supportive household chores with a properly pleasant demeanor. Improving everyday American lives through progress and innovation is the Duvall family motto. Very reassuring. Ah. I see you found mother's little helper. The hour has arrived. Shall we gather in the gaming quarters? [MACHINE WHIRRING] [TENSE MUSIC] You have powerful friends, friends that respect your patriotism and recognize the normal channels of law and order aren't working here in Holden. We'd like the Black Legion to stop this farmers' strike on behalf of American prosperity. And in return, we're offering substantial support for as long as our business interests and your moral crusade both continue to happily coincide. [FOREBODING MUSIC] ♪ ♪ As Grandmaster, what do you say? ♪ ♪ I say I know a good deal when I see one. [GLASSES CLINKING] It's that whore. She saw our faces! She's getting away! - Whoa, whoa. - Get after her! ♪ ♪ - Spread out. - She couldn't have gotten far. ♪ ♪ Gentlemen, time for the entertainment to begin. Oh, Mr. Johnson, I don't believe you have a reservation for up above. You'll be staying down here with Mr. Turner and myself. - Certainly, easy money. - [INDISTINCT CHATTER] What are they betting on? Us. ♪ ♪ Look at them. They're a different species than we are. They've been examining us. Martin, I am so glad two of your finest Pinkerton agents volunteered for tonight's gamesmanship. As am I, Mr. Duvall. Let me perform a quick weapons check. ♪ ♪ We have before us a fascinating philosophical dilemma... Creeley Turner's experience and cunning versus Remy Johnson's advantages in youth and vigor. Which best favors a man? Take a position and place your bets now. Martin will referee the contest, which will end in either ten counts or submission. ♪ ♪ Combatants are clean. My friends, we're ready whenever you are. ♪ ♪ [TENSE MUSIC] - Oh. - Ohh. ♪ ♪ [GRUNTS] ♪ ♪ - [YELLS] - Ooh! [YELLING] ♪ ♪ Looks like youth trumps experience. Go ahead and start the ten count. I'm not sure Mr. Turner's completely out. Allow me to check. I did some digging... Turns out that preacher's actually your brother, isn't he? No one betrays me and survives, Mr. Turner. Farewell. Do it now. [GRUNTING] One, two... [YELLS] ♪ ♪ [PAINED HISS] ♪ ♪ [SCREAMS] ♪ ♪ [HEAVY BREATHING] ♪ ♪ [TABLE CREAKS] ♪ ♪ So, you're gonna have me killed or sent back to prison? If only it were that simple. Creeley Turner! We didn't intend for things to go quite so far. Mr. Duvall, I don't know how he got that knife past me. Don't be so hard on yourself. These men are professional. But do make sure there's no unpleasant legal ramifications due to tonight's unfortunate turn. Martin tells me your work in Holden is going exceptionally smoothly. We'll be bringing progress to Iowa in no time. And to ensure there's also no hard feelings, I wanted to give you this. - Thank... - Thank you, Mr. Duvall. Quite welcome. Philanthropy's a family tradition. Enjoy this moment. I see promising horizons ahead for all of us. Mr. Duvall has taken a strong liking to you, so it appears I have no choice but to retain your services in Holden. Oh. But, uh, your assignment has changed. You're now to kill your brother. [TENSE MUSIC] Once you've done that, you'll be released from your duties and your sentence. Kill my brother. And then you'll have your freedom at last. And there's so much in this life to enjoy. ♪ ♪ I called around. Everyone but the dairy farmers has agreed to bring their goods to our farm and sell them there, bypassing Melvin Stubbs and the local grocers. And finally setting your own food prices. But I'll need extra hands to run things. Connie, do you think you and Brittany might be able to help? Well, we're coal people, not farmers. You could stay with me and learn. I could use the help and the company. The house has been too empty lately. I'd love to hear how you do it. Do what? Handle your loss with such grace. I'd like to hear that too. - What do you mean? - [SHEEPISH LAUGH] I'm a widow too. Seth and my first husband Sal and I were helping dam workers organize a strike. We set up a potluck for them at a dance hall, and it turned out that one of the workers was an undercover strikebreaker who chained the doors and set the place on fire. Sal burned to death. And I wouldn't describe my reaction as graceful. I think I heard about this. It was in Marion County, Arkansas, wasn't it? Whatever happened to that undercover strikebreaker? [DOOR CLICKS, THUDS] [UNEASY MUSIC] Seth. [COUGHS] Oh, I, uh, see you've invited company. Yes, Martha and I were just talking with Connie here. She's from Harlan County. Her husband was also killed by strikebreakers. She's come here to help. ♪ ♪ Hello, Connie. I'm sorry about your husband, but we're very happy to welcome you here. ♪ ♪ You're too kind, Preacher. It's late. We should probably go and get you and Brittany settled in. This should help you two get up on your feet again. Mother, is this the bad man? [LAUGHS] Of course not, dear child, this man is a preacher. Preachers aren't bad men. Come along. Thank you both for the money and for sharing some of your difficult past. I hope to see more of both of you soon. Good night. [DOOR SHUTS] So, what did you find? A name. Duvall. As in Duvall Industrials? I don't know if this Duvall is the doctor or the doctor just works for Duvall Either way, they're putting military uniforms on so-called vagrants and then testing chemicals on them. They bring in uniform shipments... [PAPER RUSTLING] From Woodbury County. [SIGHS] Tintern Textiles. What about it? That's my father's company. [GENTLE BANJO MUSIC] ♪ ♪ ♪ Said it's a mean old world ♪ ♪ Heavy in need ♪ ♪ And that big machine ♪ ♪ Is just picking up speed ♪ ♪ And we're supping on tears ♪ ♪ And we're supping on wine ♪ [PANTING] ♪ We all get to heaven in our own sweet time ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ So come, all you Asheville boys ♪ [TRAIN WHISTLE] ♪ And turn up your old-time noise ♪ [TRAIN WHEELS CLACKING] ♪ And kick till the dust ♪ ♪ Comes up ♪ ♪ From the cracks in the floor ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Singing "Hard times..." ♪ ♪ "Ain't gonna rule my mind, brother" ♪ [GUNSHOT] ♪ Hard times ain't gonna rule my mind ♪ [GUN CLICKING] ♪ ♪ ♪ Hard times ♪ [GUNSHOT] ♪ Ain't gonna rule my mind ♪ ♪ Hard times ♪ ♪ Ain't gonna rule my mind, sugar ♪ ♪ Hard times ♪ ♪ Ain't gonna rule ♪ ♪ My mind ♪ ♪ No more ♪ synced & corrected by PopcornAWH www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 