Damnation: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Damnation 
 s1e2 - Which Side Are You On? - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Damnation (2017–2018): Season 1, Episode 2 - Which Side Are You On? - full transcript 
 Seth and the farmers ward off the Black Legion; Creeley tries to learn more about his brother's new life. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "Damnation"... We're on strike. You ain't taking your milk to town. There was a strikebreaker. He killed Sam right in front of his own boy. - It has begun. - Jesus knew he was at war. The question is, do you? [SHOUTS IN PAIN] You're burying the bodies of three men we just killed. Whatever doctor hired them will be sending more. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Have you ever seen this man? He was last seen murdering my husband. You're gonna save my poor immortal soul? No, I'll kill you and drag you to hell with me. - Who was that? - My little brother. [MELANCHOLY PIANO MUSIC] ♪ ♪ Did anyone see you? It was dark. You'll be suspected. The local preacher? They won't even imagine it. They'll think it's the strikebreaker. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And what's he going to do? Well, he's gonna leave town. That strikebreaker knows that if he shows his face again, I'll string his viscera across these treetops like tinsel. [OMINOUS MUSIC] ♪ ♪ Maybe we can win this war; maybe we can't. But I'm not going to let people keep pretending it's not going on. ♪ ♪ What did it feel like? Nailing up Sam's body? ♪ ♪ It felt like touching God. ♪ ♪ synced & corrected by PopcornAWH www.addic7ed.com What? Just wondering... about just what sort of mother brings both you and your brother into this world. Mother's had nothing to do with it. Now, I want you to read me the rest of my letter. "Our client" "expects this farmers' strike to end immediately," "and quietly." "It's imperative that we not allow" "our foreign enemies to continue" "infiltrating our dearest industries" "under the guise of organized labor." Signed Martin Eggers Hyde, PhD. [FORCEFUL KNOCKING] [OMINOUS MUSIC] ♪ ♪ - Who is it? - Tina. I got something for ya. ♪ ♪ Huh. They're right. Uppity slut redecorated my room. Okay, spit it out. Big happenings in town. Like what? Some lunatic nailed up a farmer's body to the front door of the bank. Even hung a sign around his neck. And what'd it say? Ask her. She's your precious reader. [DOOR CLICKS SHUT] We're going into town. [SIGHS] Looks like I'm gonna need those smart-ass brains of yours again. What side am I on? How about the side not murderin' and crucifying farmers for wanting to sell their goods for a decent price to support their wives and children? I'm on the side of keeping this damn shop open and a roof over my head. And I'm sure those farmers are having a grand old time, bitchin' and moaning about the price of biscuits. But the rest of us got businesses to run. We're on the side of peace and quiet. I don't care a bit for what's going on lately. Farmers refusing to sell what they grow. Cowboys carrying dead bodies around town? Modern times for ya. [DESOLATE MUSIC] [INDISTINCT CHATTER] ♪ ♪ How's that nail progressing, Raymond? I see cause for optimism. Mm-hm. Once he's down, I want you to keep watch over Sam's mortal remains until he's planted all the way in the ground. Sure thing, Uncle Sheriff Don. And here I was told that this is a quiet corner of the Earth. You know, I asked around... Apparently, Sam did happen to have his gun drawn. Like I said, self-defense. Even though he had no earthly idea you were cowering in the back of Pete's truck. But now, I wonder... What is your excuse gonna be for nailing up his body? Did Martha look at you cross-eyed? Crucifixion's not really my style, sheriff. See, I'da... I'da shot Jesus before he even got to town. Oh yeah. Picked him right off his damn donkey. [SCOFFS] - Morning. - Morning, ma'am. Gentlemen. Didn't anybody ever teach you any manners? Do you want to be the one to teach me? Well, my mistake, Sheriff. [FOREBODING MUSIC] See, I was under the impression that you were familiar with that... young lady's acquaintance. Did you nail up his body? Nope. But something tells me there's a religious sensibility at play here. Do you think that maybe somebody's trying to send a message? ♪ ♪ Oh, I think they've managed that. [SNIFFS] ♪ ♪ [CONGREGATION CLAMORING] It appears that someone nailed up Sam Riley's body last night. Someone. You mean that damn cowboy. Did anybody see him do it? I saw him drag Sam's body into the speakeasy. Who else is it gonna be? I saw the sign he hung on Sam. "Which side are you on?" What the hell does that mean? It means they just killed and crucified our friend. Now what are we gonna do about it? After what they did to Sam, do you all want to punish them? - Do you want to kill them? - ALL: Yes. Do you want to break their fucking backs? - ALL: Yes. - Good. Then start channeling that anger into something more than just simple revenge. Because you have more power than that, but you have to stop seeing yourselves as individuals and start seeing us all as one body. God's body. You... are God's chosen people, not the rich or powerful or elite. And if we have to starve this town for 40 days and 40 nights to make Gods' will be felt, so be it! 'Cause letting them steal your farms and homes is not an option. Giving it to the banks and the businessmen who look down their noses at you is not an option. After what they did to Sam, I wanna see a plague of strikes and blockades. - ALL: yes! - I wanna see bankers and grocers too terrified to fix food prices. ALL: Yes! I wanna see God's body grow. ALL: Yes! That was, uh... - quite the sermon. - But? But I don't know how much support you have other than these farmers. Most of the town doesn't even know the bank's fixing prices. Well, they would if your newspaper would actually report the news. - You gonna write about any of this? - Course I am. If not for the paper, then at least in my novel. What novel? My debut novel, as yet unfinished. That's why I'm out here, you know? Earning my literary stripes like Hemingway and Dreiser. [GUNSHOT, MAN SCREAMS] [GUNSHOTS, SCREAMING] [MEN GRUNT, GUNSHOTS CONTINUE, GLASS SHATTERS] [GUNSHOT] [DRAMATIC MUSIC] ♪ ♪ Excuse me, but what kind of preacher goes around carrying a pistol on him and then shoots like that? A well-prepared one. There's nothing in the Bible says I can't defend this church against cowards and thugs. Why are those Black Legion bastards shootin' at us anyway? I can think of one reason. Shouldn't we call in the sheriff? You're a few years late on that one, college boy. Sheriff used to be an old bloodhound, but not anymore. He's just a politician these days. Useless. If we're gonna find out who's coming after us, we'll have to do it ourselves. I'm afraid I don't understand. Well, the request is simple. I would like the daily newspaper from each major metropolitan center of the United States delivered to room three of the brothel each day. Why, to check on your stock holdings? I'm not exactly the sort of lady who's used to explaining away - her pastime indulgences. - No, you are not, but according to the boys of the speakeasy, you are the sort of lady that suck-start a Model T Ford. Well, I suppose some cocksuckers do just about anything if you throw enough money at them. Hm. I'm sure I can begin delivery today. How reasonable. Now, Sam Riley's death... And the disturbing desecration of his remains. I wonder... Will you be reporting such filth in your paper? You of all people are worried about filth? - I print the news. - When it suits your interests. Now, as far as I've gathered, Sam Riley's death... simple case of self-defense. Nothing newsworthy. And that crucifixion business? [LAUGHS] Well, it looks like someone's trying to rally some kind of Communist form of revolt. Are you going to let them use your newspaper to do it? Or are you gonna stand proudly on the side of law, order, and country? Holden Tribune! Two cents! Here. Keep it, partner. Gal could get used to this. So? What'd the sign say? "Which side are you on?" Do you know who nailed him up? You met my brother. - He's a preacher. - And you're a bright girl. Does he seem like a man of God to you? Guess I don't need to ask you which side you're on. I don't have a side. Got a job. [MOTOR PURRING] [GUITAR MUSIC] ♪ ♪ Someone nailed up Sam last night. Across the door of the bank. Christlike. I wonder... What is in that basket? [OMINOUS MUSIC] May I? Please. ♪ ♪ Well... What do we have here? I have not had a home-cooked biscuit since Edna passed. May I? By all means. ♪ ♪ It's dry. Last time I saw Sam's body was at your chapel, while your husband was holding some kind of political rally. I wonder, where was Seth last night? [LAUGHS] Well, with me, asleep in our bed. You tell your husband I need to speak with him. Yes, I'm sure you do. ♪ ♪ Whatever old boy you shot, he sure is a bleeder. Or was a bleeder. Either way, he squirted his fair share. Appreciate the help, Preston. You know, reporter boy's not the only one wondering what your story is. Where'd you learn to shoot like that? From my father. Was he a preacher? No. Well, preachers come and go through here. Why are you so set on helping us out? 'Cause I've seen what happens when you don't have someone on your side. Blood trail ends here. Gunman could be anywhere now. So we'll have to draw him out. [MELANCHOLY GUITAR MUSIC] ♪ ♪ What's the trouble? That's what we tryin' to figure. We're just passing through, on our way from Nebraska to Detroit. You got any black hoods in that car? Hell are you talking about? Careful how you talk to my friend. What are you doing up in Detroit? Our friend's leading an auto workers' strike. Taking on strikebreakers. We figured he could use a hand. You armed? Is it a problem if we are? That depends. You really are taking on strikebreakers, you ought to take a few of these with you. And if we aren't? Then you better get the hell out of town, 'cause we're done being victims around here. Sorry to interrupt, but is your name Martin Eggers Hyde? Martin Eggers Hyde, PhD. Well, ahoy, Mr. Rumple. I am so glad we are able to meet in person. Well, please, join, course. So forth. Coffee? Do you find yourself pleased with the agent the Pinkertons sent to help you deal with your bank's, uh, farm nuisance? Somehow this Creeley managed to kill the farmers' leader and pass it off as self-defense. Yes, uh, Mr. Turner is a beautifully designed instrument. Just why are we trying to bankrupt these farmers? Rumors to the contrary, we are not actually in a depression. In truth, our species is currently enjoying a great evolutionary leap forward. - It is? - Well, up till now, it's been a open secret that the unwashed rural masses are a unfortunate necessity for a properly civilized society. We needed the unwashed rural masses to harvest our food, mine our coal, fight our wars. Well, who else is gonna do it? [LAUGHS] Us? But... very soon, all the filthy rudimentary tasks we needed the rural masses to perform for us will be accomplished more reliably, effectively, and hygienically, by machines. It's not the 19th century anymore. Have you ever tasted a Twinkie? A what? Perfectly engineered glimpse into our culinary future. But to make a long story short, uh, the farmers have bankrupted themselves, by not evolving. Time's come to forego nostalgia, foreclose on the farms, and begin auctioning them off to the highest bidder. There's not exactly a... lot of excess cash in circulation right now. Well, I have a feeling you'll find interested parties. Your... capacity for finding profit in the dry market has not gone unnoticed by my client, Mr. Rumple. [OMINOUS MUSIC] ♪ ♪ You gonna arrest whoever did it? Is this what you're gonna do? Or are you just gonna keep on with business as usual, Sheriff? Huh? Business as usual. If you won't get justice for my father, we'll do it ourselves! [SOMBER WESTERN MUSIC] ♪ ♪ Been this quiet all day? Folks have been spooked since that cowboy came in with Sam. ♪ ♪ Everyone feeling lucky? [QUIETLY] All three of you. Donald, your operation has gotten slower than a constipated mule. You feeling the same crunch? A bit. It appears that the twin pecker-shriveling specters of politics and religion can spoil even my profits. It's the cowboy. He's targeting me. You know, first thing he did after killing Sam is come into my speakeasy, then he just shows up at your brothel, and he shacks up with Bessie? Come on. Your girl has become a popular local attraction. 'Sides, I like the cowboy. Why? Because he's got money. You keep an eye on him. 20 bucks says he's running some kind of blackmail scheme, just like that revenuer agent came here in '23. That revenuer agent was a federal employee and therefore, by definition, - a worthless shit-sucker. - Mm-hm. This cowboy works in the private sector. He actually has to work for a living. - There's a difference. - Better be. Or I'll toss that swaggering bastard's body down the same well I dumped the revenuer in. [SIMPLE GUITAR MUSIC] ♪ ♪ ♪ My father was a miner ♪ ♪ And I'm a miner's son ♪ ♪ And I'll stick with the union ♪ ♪ Till every battle's won ♪ ♪ Which side are you on, boys? ♪ ♪ Which side are you on? ♪ ♪ Which side are you on, boys? ♪ ♪ Which side are you on? ♪ [SINGING DISTANTLY] [KNOCK AT DOOR] [OMINOUS MUSIC] ♪ ♪ [INDISTINCT CHATTER] Looks like Sheriff Blair is bringing in more than just strikebreakers. We need to keep our spot at the mine secure without getting picked off, one by one. [KNOCKS] Are any of you men named Gil Butler? The leader of this miners' strike? I'm Gil. Who are you? My name is Connie Nunn. I've taken a professional interest in the topic of labor unrest. How can I help you brave men? Look around. Start by cooking us a decent meal and cleaning up. Yes. This place could so use a woman's touch. [SHOTGUNS ROAR] [DRAMATIC MUSIC] Recognize this man? Get away from me! Have you ever seen this pamphlet, or one of similar authorship? Go back to hell, you bitch! [GUNSHOT] ♪ ♪ [SIGHS] ♪ ♪ I'm sure you fancied yourself to be some kind of hero. Daddy? Daddy? ♪ ♪ Daddy! ♪ ♪ Oh, my poor dear child, Here. ♪ ♪ Come to me. ♪ ♪ So have you and your brother always hated each other? No. There was a time when we were all we had in this world. What went wrong? Everything. [MYSTERIOUS MUSIC] ♪ ♪ Attaboy. ♪ ♪ [LAURA MARLING'S "DEVIL'S SPOKE" PLAYING] ♪ I might be a part of this ♪ ♪ Ripple on water from a lonesome drip ♪ ♪ A fallen tree that witnessed me ♪ ♪ Him alone, him and me ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ And life itself could not aspire ♪ ♪ To have someone be so admired ♪ ♪ I threw Creation to my kin ♪ ♪ With a silence broken by a whispered ♪ ♪ Wind ♪ ♪ All of this can be broken ♪ ♪ All of this can be broken ♪ ♪ Hold your devil by his spoke and ♪ ♪ Spin him to the ground ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ And root to root and tip to tip ♪ ♪ I look at him my country gip ♪ ♪ Let it up, I own his fears ♪ ♪ But someone brought you close to tears ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Many trains and many miles ♪ ♪ Brought you to me on this sunny isle ♪ ♪ And what of which you wish to speak ♪ ♪ Have you come here to rescue me? ♪ Hey, what's going on? You were right. We need to spread word about price fixing, - so keep an eye out. - For what? If Black Legion gunmen are here, they'll still be showing signs. If you see an angry bloody man in the crowd, get my attention. ♪ Spin him to the ground ♪ ♪ ♪ [KNOCK AT DOOR] Did Seth do it? The Bible says it's not always our place to understand. Did your husband nail up my husband's body across the front of the bank to start off some kind of revolution? Because if he did, I want you to thank him for me. I never cared for Sam's strike, or Seth's sermons, for that matter. I was raised in a good home, you see. I was taught to know my place and not call attention to myself. And look where it's gotten me. My husband's dead. My son's in jail. And now this. [MOURNFUL MUSIC] ♪ ♪ The bank foreclosed on your farm? Whatever it takes to bring those sons of bitches down, do it. ♪ ♪ [CROWD SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY] Standing there in your fancy suit! Yeah, wipe that smirk off of your face. We don't want this strike. A farmer doesn't grow food so he can hoard it. He grows it so he can sell it. Then what are you waiting for? A fair price. Now, 30 miles away across the state line in Sioux Falls, butter is 40 cents a pound. But here in Holden, it's 15 cents. Sioux Falls farmers are getting double the price that we are for corn, wheat, pork, milk, you name it. Well, there's something rotten here in Holden County! In fact, right now, the prices are so low the farmers can't sell their goods, which means you'll all soon go hungry, and all for the benefit of the Holden Savings & Trust and the moneyed few. The newspaper won't report the truth. Courts won't hear us out. And the sheriff's department stands back and does nothing, even when the bank's hired thug shoots and kills two farmers! Well, worst of all, are the so-called Black Legion. Now, these Black Legion men claim to be defending the American way of life. In truth, I think they just like playing dress-up. Like little schoolgirls. It's a bold charge, Preacher. ♪ ♪ Yes, it is. But we will remain peacefully organized in resistance, and we invite you all to join us. Brother Preston Riley will tell you how. What? Me? Give 'em hell, Preston. Uh... Butcher shop. I, uh, I suppose I... I do have a few things to... to get off my chest. I personally have my doubt about Sam Jr.'s guilt in the murder of Pete Collingsworth. [OMINOUS MUSIC] ♪ ♪ [GUNSHOT, GLASS SHATTERING] Shit. [SCREAMS] Who sent you after us? Was it the strikebreaker? I don't know what you're talking about. - [GROANS] - You can squeal now or later. Doesn't matter to me. I'm a patient man. We sent ourselves. We don't want your strike here. Now, we got jobs, families, children... [CRIES OUT] I know fathers like you. Your kids would be better off without you. [DRAMATIC MUSIC] ♪ ♪ If you want to see your family again, from this moment forward, you'll tell me every single move the Black Legion is gonna make and if you let one word slip sideways, God's body in the form of your wet brains will be splattered across these walls. Understood? - [GUN CLACKS ON TEETH] - Ouch. Good. Now rejoice. [HOOK SQUELCHING] [SCREAMS] Jesus... Oh... For the long, hard walk to salvation has just begun. [DRAMATIC MUSIC] [BLUES MUSIC PLAYS SOFTLY] ♪ ♪ [KNOCK AT DOOR] ♪ ♪ How's your cowboy treating you? [LAUGHS] You know. - He's a rough and rowdy screw. - Oh, Christ... Sometimes he screws me from behind... Sometimes he screws me in the shower. Sometimes he screws me so hard in the mouth, I think my throat is gonna bleed. - Why do you speak... - Like a whore? I blame it on my raising. I know, I haven't been much of a father to you. Sheriff, you have such a gift for understatement. But I'm ready, now, to be a... a governing presence - in your life. - [LAUGHS] Oh, your bitch wife is finally in the ground. Are you lonely? Lonely enough to acknowledge your half-dark bastard girl? I haven't exactly shown you, but I do have... love in my heart for you. ♪ ♪ If I tell you I gave a shit, will you hurry up and get to the point? Why is this Creeley here? Why is he nosing into my business? Oh, relax, he's not after your precious enterprise. Tell me, what's the cowboy really after? Tell you. Sheriff, you know me. I don't do nothing for free. You're gonna wanna use more shortening next time, unless it's your aim for these biscuits to have the texture of dried-up cow turds. [MENACING MUSIC] ♪ ♪ Thanks for the suggestion. Being found pleasing to men is quite important to me. Huh. Admirable sand, lady. But let's talk. How long have you and Seth been together? One year? Two? - Long enough. - So, two. And has Seth ever told you anything about his... his past? No. I can't imagine that he would. Do you know anything about Seth? I know that if you lay a hand on me, he'll kill you. Well, he might do that anyway. See, he can't help himself, 'cause killing is Seth's God-given gift. ♪ ♪ But you already learned that, huh? What do you want? I want you to live. ♪ ♪ Leave Seth. Take your cause somewhere else. Or else, you're gonna find out who that demon really is. Do you really think I'm going to believe you over my husband? No, no, I don't. See, I tried warning her about Seth too. She didn't believe me either. [NATALIE MERCHANT'S "WHICH SIDE ARE YOU ON?" PLAYING] [GENTLE WESTERN MUSIC] ♪ ♪ ♪ Come all you good workers ♪ ♪ Good news to you I'll tell ♪ ♪ Of how the good old union ♪ ♪ Has come in here to dwell ♪ ♪ Which side are you on, boys? ♪ [CAR ENGINE ROARS DISTANTLY] ♪ Which side are you on? ♪ ♪ Which side are you on, boys? ♪ ♪ Which side are you... which side ♪ ♪ Which side are you on, boys? ♪ ♪ Which side are you on? ♪ ♪ Which side are you on, boys? ♪ ♪ Which side? Which side? ♪ ♪ Which side are you on, boys? ♪ Are you okay? ♪ Which side are you on? ♪ ♪ Which side are you on, boys? ♪ ♪ Which side? Which side? ♪ ♪ Which side are you on, boys? ♪ ♪ Which side are you on? ♪ ♪ Which side are you on, boys? ♪ ♪ Which side? Which side? ♪ ♪ Which side are you on, boys? ♪ ♪ Which side are you on? ♪ ♪ Which side are you on, boys? ♪ ♪ Which side... ♪ ♪ Are you on? ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ synced & corrected by PopcornAWH www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 