World Without End: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 World Without End 
 s1e4 - Plague and Passion - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 World Without End (2012): Season 1, Episode 4 - Plague and Passion - full transcript 
 Prior Godwin inflicts his strict religious views on the locals. He decides he wants a house of his own but it puts him into conflict with Mother Cecelia who decides to go ahead with Caris' proposal to build a hospice. He plots to take over the lands in question and then has Merthin dismissed as the bridge builder - and is prepared to do anything to win. When he accuses Caris of witchcraft, Mother Cecelia can think of only one way to save her. Merthin confronts his brother Ralph when soldiers begin taking wool without compensating the local merchants. Ralph is taking everything and anything he wants and soon finds himself in prison accused of rape. The King musters his army to do battle with France but the wars goes on longer than expected. The king needs more men and empties the prisons to replenish his army - something that comes in the nick of time as far as Ralph is concerned. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 MAN: The King. The King is here. Father. Father. Dear Joan. Edward. Mother. You're not needed here. Joan missed you. And I've missed her. Look how you've grown! What news? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Warring enlivens me but the politicking, it bores me. Flanders has declared neutrality and the Low Countries are bartering to side with us. This is good news. It comes with a hefty fee, and our treasuries are empty. It's only money. I hope France turns out to be worth it. Can you be crowned in the Great Cathedral of Reims? That would be beautiful. I could wear gold! (CHUCKLES) Let me defeat the French first. Then we'll start worrying about dresses. WORKER: Merthin, do you think the Queen will try to stop us again? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Well, we have no choice, and we're in the right. How's the shoreline of the scaffold, Jeremiah? We just put it in. Well, can you go and check? Will do, Merthin. John, go and help Jeremiah. (HORSE NICKERS) MAN: Move away! Make way for the Lord ofWigleigh. GODWYN: I care nothing for things of this world. One day I'll get Kingsbridge to follow my example. By building more walls and hanging more whores? By embracing the values of the Church Fathers. Saint Jerome lived in a cave and he wore skins of animals. We all need to divorce ourselves from our worldly desires. Apart from our mother's cooking, of course. Saint Jerome, as I recall, was a bishop. Without that level of power your plans will come to nothing. Live in a cave in your heart, my boy, but if you wish to win respect, build a palace. Perhaps these, maybe. Lady Philippa. What an unexpected pleasure. Hello, Lord Ralph. I do prefer green. I like it. Would this flatter me? I think you'd flatter it, My Lady. It's a little heavy for summer though, I think. I'm planning ahead, sir. Doing what I can while it's still easy. My Lady? Have you not heard? I'm with child. EDMUND: How dare you! You have no right! The King has the right. We're at war. We don't care about your damn war. We're being forced to pay for something that won't benefit us. What's going on here? You're robbing us blind! Let him go! What do you think you're doing? We're borrowing money for the war. How do we know that this is the King's will? Do you have any written orders? What man here can read? I can. Don't get involved, brother. I am involved. This is my town and we need to rebuild our bridge, you know that. Keep loading. Yes, My Lord. Ralph, don't do this. EDMUND: That's outrageous. Wait. CARIS: No, no! No! He's just... No, just leave him! EDMUND: Stop it! You have made your point. Oh, God. It's all right, it's all right, it's all right. Can you hear me, Merthin? It's all right, just lie still. I must be the only Prior in Christendom who still lives in his own monastery. We need a place of comfort to offer our special guests, and I obviously warrant private quarters, too. I see. And who will pay for this? The Church, of course. You can have a private sanctuary as well, if you'd like. Thank you, Prior. But the convent owns the land, not me. We are a religious order with communal possessions. The convent owns nothing. The convent is considering building a hospice here. A hospice? With Caris Wooler to tend the sick. You'd put her witchcraft before the glory of God? If you are asking me if I would put the common good above priestly vanity, the answer would have to be "yes." I give you good day. Mother Cecilia? Prior Godwyn wants my land to build a palace. I told him I would rather you have it to build a hospice. The land is yours and I will fund the building. (LAUGHING) It has come to my attention that contrary to the beliefs of many, land in Kingsbridge belongs to the Priory. I know this will come as a surprise to some but I can assure them I have searched all our archives and can find no evidence that suggests otherwise. Kingsbridge belongs to the Priory, not the landholders, tenants and not the convent. It is therefore my duty as Prior to manage our property. And I alone will make decisions regarding its use. For the Glory of God. He's a conniving weasel! Godwyn? Yes. Conniving and stupid. I've put up with his nonsense for too long. I'm going to London. Would you care to accompany me? Yes. We'll have the court put Godwyn in his place. (SCAMPERS) (WOMEN TALKING, LAUGHING) WOMAN 1: We met at the Fair in the village. I hope he's keeping you on your toes. (LAUGHS) Yes. ANNET: And how is your new beau? WOMAN 2: Ugh, so jealous. Why do men think we need them so desperately? Just like babies, but with a mind of their own. DORY: What about the new lord? I wouldn't mind him taking me for a good ride. (ALL LAUGHING) Don't get your hopes up, he flirted with me once and allowed me a feel. Not much there! (ALL GIGGLING) DORY: Right, I'm going back to the village. I won't be long. See you there. Come on. Not much there? My Lord. I didn't mean it seriously, My Lord. My friends and I were only joking. There's a lot more there than you think. Lie down. Go on, lie down. Please, My Lord. I said, "Lie down." No! He said, "Lie down." (ANNET STRUGGLING) (SCREAMING, CRYING) (SHUSHING) Please, no! No, no. Look at me. Look at me! Is that big enough for you? Look at me. Look at me. He's got your face. (BOTH CHUCKLE) I think we ought to call him Samuel. Sam. After my da? Yeah. Annet? What are you doing? Wait, what's happened? What's wrong? (SOBBING) Nothing. Nothing's wrong. Wulfric, take him. Did someone do something to you? Annet, look at me. Who did this? Ralph Fitzgerald. I'll kill him. I'm going to kill him! You take the baby. No. Take him! Are you going to leave Sam without a father? I beat Ralph once, and I'm gonna do it again. He's a lord now. You'll be hanged for it. You're going to let him get away with this? GWENDA: There's other ways to punish him. Annet can swear out a complaint... Nothing is gonna come of it! It's the law. The Sheriff has to listen. At least give it a chance before losing your life. (BABY FUSSING) Two hundred years ago Prior Philip established our convent. In his last will and testament, he systematically stated that the convent should have autonomy to manage its own land. We've all heard this tale, Your Honor, but where is the proof? We contend that this much vaunted will is a myth, apparently written on air. Certainly no search has brought it to light. Well, I cannot speak for the Priory. Indeed their document may have been lost or misplaced, or maybe even destroyed. But the convent's document certainly exists. I need to examine this. Come back tomorrow. I'll give you my decision then. (TALKING INDISTINCTLY) She's convinced Mother Cecilia to build this hospice. Caris Wooler is Satan's apprentice. You truly believe that? I know it to be true. And God works through you, you believe that, too? That is my most fervent wish. So if Satan provides the enemy, and God provides ajust opponent in you, your duty is clear. However you defeat her, God will approve. (KNOCKING) Prior Godwyn. What are you doing here? You really shouldn't be in here. (GROANS) Where's Prior Godwyn? Returning to Kingsbridge. He had a meeting he wished to attend. Sorry to keep you waiting. I've only just been assigned the case. Where is Judge Wheatfield? You haven't heard? He died last night in a fire. His rooms and all of their contents were destroyed. Including the will? What will? (ALL CLAMORING) We are here to discuss Merthin's contract to rebuild the bridge. It's up for its annual renewal. He has requested budget increases due to delays. Which will bring his costs above his promised estimate. Excuse me, Prior! But the delays are the Queen's fault, not mine! Yes, but neither of you has the floor! Now, I have been told that the Priory wishes to hire Elfric to replace Merthin. What says the Priory decides who should build the bridge? We're paying for it! Why should we suffer for the Queen's foolishness? There! There, you see? Women. Women and Jews run this town. Godwyn, Jeremiah is a Christian convert. Against his will. And Madge has been a member of the Guild since you were a boy! (EDMUND POUNDING THE TABLE) Kinsgbridge belongs to the Priory! Not to the Guild! Not to the convent, the women or the Jews! Now, I am in charge here, and if you don't hire Elfric, we will rescind our permission to build the bridge and construction will stop! (GRUNTING) Godwyn's a fool. Elfric can't follow my plans! He doesn't even begin to understand them. This bridge will be a disaster. A great opportunity gone. Perhaps, perhaps not. You thought that this would be the culmination of your quest. But there's a world beyond this town bridge. You have a talent, Merthin. Go and find a place that will nurture it. What are you doing here? I've been waiting for you. I have bad news. I have worse. I've been dismissed. Elfric is to build the bridge. So I'm at your service. Ready to start on your hospice. There's not going to be a hospice. We lost the appeal. So Godwyn has robbed us both of our plans. Well, there's nothing keeping either of us here. Come away with me to Florence. Italy? Yes. I'll learn how to build from the Italian masters. Come with me. Caris, I want you with me. All right. You'll come? You'll really come? Yes. (BOTH LAUGHING) I'm sorry I couldn't have been more help. Caris! Mother Cecilia! Father, we lost. I know, I know. But listen, Brother Thomas has a solution. Really? Yeah, let him tell you. Come. Well, a borough charter would enable Kingsbridge to operate as an independent town. Well, why would the King grant one? Because he needs the money. As heads of the Guild, and with Brother Thomas's help, I'll travel to London and broker a deal. Then this is cause for celebration! Sister Elizabeth, bring us the best ale! But you haven't got a charter yet. Well, we have hope of one. We could have your hospice within the year. Assuming you're still here to run it. Oh, you're ready? You're not coming. We can't let him win. There's a chance I could have my hospice, and you your bridge. It's a small chance, but I have to see it through. What's changed? Father's going to buy a borough charter from the King. It'll free the town from Godwyn and give us everything we hoped for. I'll understand if you say no. You really think you'll be rid of me that easily? (CHUCKLES) Why are you telling me this, Sister... Elizabeth. Elizabeth. I'm afraid that Mother Cecilia has lost her way. She promises a hospice to a woman who has left her husband and meddles in dark arts. Mother Cecilia does not see the wantonness and evil that we see, My Prior. Consequently I thought that this conspiracy should not be kept from you. Well, thank you, Sister Elizabeth, you've acted wisely. I trust you will continue to be my eyes and ears where I am forbidden. If Uncle Edmund buys a borough charter, we will be left powerless. Are you sure it's that simple? Well, are you willing to take the chance? I'm not. He's leaving for London next week. We must stop him. How do you propose to do that? Charm him? No, I can't get close to the man. But you can. What are you suggesting? What? Have you forgotten what you advised me to do in London, Mother? How can you ask this of me? He's my brother. This is not the time to be squeamish. All that we've worked for will be lost. You said it yourself, if Satan provides the enemy and God provides the means, our duty is clear. Mother, do this for me. Besides, I can always absolve you later. I expect to be in London for a fortnight. If it takes any longer I'll send word, but I'm very confident that you will take care of the business. If all goes well with the King's chancellor, Kingsbridge will change hands, and I can return and proclaim us a very different town, indeed. Yes, Godwyn mentioned it. Well, I daresay he's not happy about it. But it's his own fault, sister. He runs the town as if he was some sort of prince instead of an elected prior. He's not very popular, to say the least. But he is my son, Edmund. You do realize, I hope, that I am compelled to do anything in my power to secure his position. (COUGHING) Oh, my sister! (CONTINUES COUGHING VIOLENTLY) (GODWYN PRAYING IN LATIN) Amen. Caris! Don't! Get off me! Stay, stay, stay, stay. Don't do this to yourself, Caris. Please, please stay. (BREATHING HEAVILY) (ALL CHATTERING, LAUGHING) (INAUDIBLE) (POUNDING) Ralph Fitzgerald and Alan Fernhill, stand before me. On your feet! Yes, My Lord? The Sheriff here has a warrant for your arrest. It says that you did both lie with a girl from Wigleigh against her will. It was hardly against her will, My Lord. Alan will back me up on that. According to the complaint she's been examined and found to be torn and bruised. I always knew you would fuck up. My Lord, I protest, we're innocent! That will be determined by the trial. And what if the girl lies and the judge believes her? Then, like your father, you shall hang. Well, God save us then. (ALL GROANING) Get off me! Get off me! I'm innocent! Get off me! Oh, I'm sorry, Your Majesty. It's not healing properly. I'm not certain why. And what do you suggest? Amputation, of course, is always the safest option. Or we can wait. This war should have been long over. We control the sea, why aren't we winning on land? Majesty, our forces are sadly depleted. We must replenish them. Then replenish them. Call out the peasantry. The peasants aren't free to join us, sire. And pray why? To pay your taxes, the lords need them to farm their lands. We can't afford to reduce taxes? No, of course not. But if I might suggest, there are other sources of recruitment. Ralph. Have you come to gloat? I take no pleasure in this. I've come to say goodbye. I'm innocent. You know that, Merthin. The bitch lied. She gave herself to me. The court found you guilty. It was Roland's court. He hanged our father, and now he'll hang me. All I've ever wanted was to make our father proud. And how would raping a girl in Wigleigh make our father proud? I pray God is merciful. (CHEERING) The next two men are guilty of far greater crimes than these outlaws. Their punishment, therefore, will be even more terrible. They will be half hanged, and then, still alive, disemboweled. Alan Fernhill! (SCREAMING) (CHEERING) Because of his once-noble birth, Ralph Fitzgerald's crime is even worse than Alan Fernhill's. Men of his standing are obliged to have exemplary behavior. Now we must make an example out of him. His execution shall begin with a public castration. (CROWD CHEERING) (BELL TOLLING) MAN: The King! The King is here! It's the King! Hear ye! Hear ye all! In an effort to replenish his troops in the face of the enemy threat, His Majesty King Edward III is pardoning all criminals willing to join him in fighting France! I fear I've come a bit late. No, not too late, Your Majesty! God save the King! CROWD: God save the King! God save the King! (CHANTING) God save the King! God save the King! What a charming town. Will you stay for dinner with us, sire? It would be my honor to serve as your host. No, no, no, there's an execution in Salisbury tomorrow that may provide recruits. So this is Kingsbridge. Well, it's certainly... Sire, what's wrong? Damn wound I got at Sluys. It refuses to heal. We have an excellent surgeon. She repaired my skull after it cracked during the bridge collapse. You can see the gap. "She"? Yes. Quite a curiosity. Shall I see if she's at hand? Sire, what is it? I thought I saw... Take me to her. Caris Wooler? The King would consult with you. Yes, yes. Arise. Please... Come inside. I shall. Alone, if you please. How can I help, Your Majesty? A French arrow. My physicians have done their best but it still pains me somewhat. May I? (KING WINCES) Sorry. I expect that there's probably still some arrow in there. I can remove it if Your Majesty so wishes. There's nothing to fear. I was trained by the best. Then do your worst. She's alone with the King. She'll ask for a borough charter! Do you honestly think she can persuade a king? She's a temptation to all but the fiercest of God's saints, Mother. Of course she can. There we go. There we go. Right. You need to change the dressing twice a day. And keep it clean. Can you hold that? Thank you. And no dung poultices, Your Majesty. You... You don't believe in dung? No. I believe it does more harm than good. Thank you, Caris Wooler. I'll follow your suggestions to take care of this. Clear the way! Make way for the King. He'll follow her suggestions? I told you, it's too late! Mmm. It's never too late. It's a fine beast. It's such a pleasure, My Lord, having you dining with us in the house of God. This evening's food has made up for this afternoon's botched entertainment. Here we are. Apples stewed in cinnamon. I was told you liked apples, My Lord William. Nearly as much as Adam. (ALL LAUGHING) Good evening. I hear you talked with the King? Yes. He was in pain. I dressed and lanced his wound. I didn't ask for a borough charter. It just didn't seem fitting. Do you think I missed the perfect opportunity? No, no, you were right. To approach him at such a time might have been seen to be taking advantage and incurred his anger. Did he talk about anything else this afternoon? No. Why do you ask? When I was a knight I fought for his mother against his father. I thought he might have recognized me. Nope. Didn't say a thing. William, dear, what is it? It's just a bit of indigestion. Your simple food is far too rich. Ah! Is there a local physician? What about the woman who helped Sir Roland and the King? Caris Wooler. Yes, I'll fetch her. You'll be all right. Niece! Lord William is ill and needs a potion for indigestion. Roland insisted I get it from you. Quickly, please. He's very uncomfortable. Right away. Good evening, Brother Thomas. Petranilla. I was just leaving. Thank you, Caris. You're welcome. Goodnight. Goodnight. I'll just get my case. Do you have everything? Yeah. Awarning, My Lord, it's rather bitter. ROLAND: God in heaven, what's happening to him? Breathe, breathe, breathe! Help me to hold him! Fetch Brother Joseph! (PRAYING IN LATIN) (PHILIPPA GASPS) (SCREAMS) Has he been poisoned? (CRYING) No, he... What did you give him? Nux vomica. It's mild. Is it witchcraft? I'll test it. (DOG SUFFERING) Caris Wooler, you're under arrest for suspicion of murder and witchcraft! GODWYN: Nearly a year ago, we hanged a witch in Kingsbridge, who cursed the bridge in her dying. And how foolish of us to allow her apprentice to take her place. This woman uses the same workshop to mix the very same diabolic powders. WOMAN: She helps people! She uses spells scribed by infidels! MAN: She's innocent. And most recently, I myself, and many here present, witnessed her blatant poisoning of Earl Roland's son William, who died a most terrible death! This is a lie! You're a liar, Godwyn! (CROWD SHOUTING) But even I... Even I grant her innocence until we have administered the final test. I will strip her and examine her for the Devil's mark. MERTHIN: She's no witch! Don't you touch her! Take your filthy hands off of her. I'll kill you if you harm her! Stop it! Stop this insanity! This is outrageous! The rules of propriety must be observed. If you insist on examining her, I will do it myself. How dare they accuse you of this? You realize that if I find no Devil's mark upon you, they'll think of another way to hang you. There is one thing they have not thought of. This is Priory ground. Confess and claim sanctuary within the Priory. But I'm innocent. Yes. But you can never prove that to them. If you confess, you live. And then in 30 days they'll just cast me out and hang me. That's the law. Not if you take vows as a nun. No, that's a path I never sought. I know. But what choice do you have? And think, Caris, think what you could do. So much that you desire. You could continue to practice medicine. We could have a convent clinic. I'm married to Elfric. The Lord supersedes all. Elfric's claims on you would be relinquished. The wimple and veil will protect you from everything. Barring unhappiness. Live. Happiness will follow. The woman has confessed and will enter the convent of the Priory of Kingsbridge. All her money and possessions will be forfeited to the Church. So long as she remains a nun, she will never be touched. Break your vows, my dear, and you'll be hanged. Caris! Caris, please. Please, this is madness! Come back with me. Please, I can't let you go. Let me pass! If I do, she will be hanged. If you really care for her, you must let her go. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Caris. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 