Paranoid: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Paranoid 
 s1e5 - Episode #1.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Paranoid (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Episode #1.5 - full transcript 
 The Ghost Detective has been unmasked, but Alec and Nina's actions may have fatal consequences. Bobby and Linda come up against a cunning adversary in Dusseldorf and an ambush leads to a breakthrough but leaves lives hanging in the balance. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [sighs] [Nina] You sent this to us. My wife made these. To give to me, to show me she was lonely. But what I heard was, she was depressed. Steffan, it's what's written on these cards that we're here to talk about. I was busy at work. I didn't want to have to deal with her moods. I told her to go and see her GP. He gave her some pills. I thought that was good news. Written here, by you, about the murder of Angela Benton. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 "Look into Angela's past." What does that mean? And then that Hester started to become strange. I thought it was her fault. Well, of course it is. It couldn't possibly be the pills. Steffan, you are here under caution to answer our questions. She took a massive overdose. But she didn't kill herself. And so she was left with... well, what you see. Brain damage. I did that to her. -[in German] Good day. -[Linda] Hello. -Your ID's please. -Yeah, hello, I'm Linda Felber, Homicide Division Düsseldorf and this is my colleague from England, -Bobby Day. -[officer] Thanks. How long have you been a single man, Bobby? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Twelve years. You know what I think would be good for you, Bobby? Sex. -Everything okay? -All good, you can keep driving. [Linda] Thank you. You think if we find out what Ruben was stealing, we will find out why he was killed? [Bobby] I think this could be big. You took two typed pages from Eric Benton's house. Those pages are evidence in a murder investigation. -Where's my wife? -Your wife is safe. We have arranged proper medical attention for her at home. So where are those two pages now, Steffan? [Nina] Were they destroyed in the hut fire? Yes. I want to see my wife. Steffan, let's just lay out what it is you're facing here. Number one, impersonating a police officer. For starters, that's a six-month prison sentence. -I wanna see my wife. -[Michael] Number two... Obstructing the police in an investigation. Three, perverting the course of justice. Those few words come with a seven-year prison term. Theft of evidence, another seven years. -So the pages? -I want to help you because I want the people who did this to Angela to be caught. -Good. -But I won't say another word... Until I've seen my wife. Look, he hates you, boss, because you went public with his identity. He might trust me. Let me take him to see his wife. If we give him that, it's a gesture that we're on his side. Alec is right. We need him to cooperate. Okay. It takes a lot of pills to make Jesus. -What are they doing? -Just look at it. My boys would like that. [voicemail] Please leave a message after the tone. Lucy, it's me. Please call me, will you? [whispers] Oh, sweetheart. [sobs] I love you. I love you, my sweetheart. I know what you want. I know what you want. He's just a tiny bit dark side of the moon, isn't he? I guess we're dealing with someone who's desperate with guilt for what he's done to his wife. What do you think he means, "I know what you want"? Steffan, the man who killed Angela. You wrote to us to say it wasn't Jacob Appley. How did you know that? I went to see my wife's GP after she tried to kill herself. [sighs] You can't go on doing this to us. We're giving you what you asked for. You have to talk to us about Angela. I asked him why he'd given her so many pills, why he'd increased the dosage. He didn't want to know. He gave me bland answers. So I wrote to Rustin Wade, the company who made the pills. I'm a medic. I thought they'd listen to me. But they wanted to make me look like a crank. So I started to look into it all. Properly dig around. Steffan, honestly, I know what this all means to you. I get it. My mother, she was caught up in all that psychiatry stuff. So I promise you, I feel for you. But you have to help us. -You have to tell us what you know. -I am telling you what I know. Then I went to see Dr. Benton at the surgery. When I told her what had happened to Hester, she wept. -Angela wept about your wife? -Yes. That told me. Well, what did that tell you? It told me that Angela knew something was wrong. That something big was going on and she knew about it. After that first time I went to see her, I looked her up on the internet. I saw that she'd worked out in Düsseldorf, so then it all made sense. What did that tell you, her working in Düsseldorf? I went back to see her again. I told her that I'd written to them, the company who made the pills. You know, letters, emails, about 20 of them, no more. I'd written a blog, left messages, threads on websites, trying to raise awareness of what had happened to Hester. -And you told Angela all of this? -She wouldn't speak to me anymore. She seemed really spooked. So that confirmed it to me. -That she knew something? -Yes. I could see that she was really scared of something. -Why else would she react like that? -Wait, it could be she was spooked because you may have appeared a little bit intense? And then she was killed. Yeah. There is that. [in German] This way, please. You have to try these, Bobby. They're French. You won't get religieuse like this in Cheshire. What are they doing? I'll have one for you. Tell us, Steffan. Why do you think Angela was killed? Those drugs have bent my wife's brain so out of shape that she tried to kill herself. And they know that. The company who make this stuff know they're killing people. That's a crime. And Angela knew that. Steffan, all kinds of people make accusations against pharmaceutical companies. I've read lots of it on the internet. There are books about it. -That's not enough to get someone killed. -But Angela had evidence. -The pages? -[muffled conversation] Then why didn't you come to us instead of sending those spooky-dooky picture cards? I realized because I'd made a noise about the drugs, that they'd come after me. I had to look after my wife. I owe her that. So I had to stay hidden. But when you had the pages, why didn't you give them to us? I had something that I could use, if they came to get me. [Nina] So you must know what was on them. -[knocking on door] -[door opens] Two. There was a crash, a car, two young lads, Bexter Lane, the bloke, the driver of the other car, he was cursing, he was having a go, -he was bleeding-- -Megan, stop. -One sentence at a time. -He was German. Our hoody man. And would we like to talk to him. [Alec] I saw him at the canal. You saw him at the hut. We'll know if this is our man. Alec, I hate to do it like this. -I'm pregnant. -[gasps] Yeah. It's a mess, I know. The Subaru is on the wrong side of the road. Maybe our man passed out at the wheel. Look at all this blood. How far can he go? This is a German who's not in good shape. If he crawled out of here, he must be pretty determined to get away. The mess of his car, blood everywhere. He can't have got far. [Nina] This looks like a man who really does not want to talk to us. He's scared of his own people coming after him. He doesn't know he's beat. Hi. I'm so sorry to keep you waiting. They did try to track me down. I admit it. I was in the pool. Detective Linda Felber and this is Detective Bobby Day, who is over here from England. Nick Waingrow, director of External Affairs. How can I help you? Nick, I thought my cakes were good, but if my boys tasted these... The pastry chef is French. Oh, oh, I knew it. Nobody does French pastries like the French. -No, they don't. -We're investigating the death of Ruben Locana. I understood that he died in his own pool. Sorry. I knew I ate too many cakes. -Here you go. -Thank you. We got some information that he was dealing drugs. Drugs that came from here. Does this business have something to do with his death? You don't sound too surprised. Are you saying that you knew he was thieving drugs? Uh, yes. We did. But, uh, we put a stop to it. I... I put a stop to it. Would you care to come with me? -I can show you what Ruben worked on. -Yes, of course. -After you. -Thanks. [Nick] Ruben wasn't a very good crook. He signed up a couple of guys at the stores to help him out. And a driver. [Bobby] Why didn't you go to the police when you knew what was going on? Your lace is loose, Detective Day. We don't want you falling over now, do we? How did Ruben keep his job if he was running a scam? You're not gonna get a fair and reasonable take on Ruben from me, I'm afraid. The guy, he made my life hell. I'm just the clean-up man. You know, you tell yourself that maybe, in some small way, you're part of something worthwhile. Like medicines for children in Africa, that kind of thing. Shall I tell you about Locana, why he was indulged, patched up again and again, forgiven, believed every time he promised to clean up his act? You wanna know why? I will show you why. What's your name? Can you tell us your name? [man] Send him in. It's Dennis' baby. It has to be because the timing. I'm sorry. I mean, I'm not sorry because I'm thrilled. I'm in bits. And all the time I'm thinking, "I've just started going out with this bloke and he's lovely and..." [sobs] It's a mess. But it's not a mess because it was what I wanted so much. -And now it's here and... -Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. -[sobs] -Slow down, slow down. It's okay. It's okay it's happened. You're having a baby. [laughs] That's all you need to know right now. Oh, thank you. -[sniffles] -I hate to do this, but we... We have to get on, I know. [chuckles] I shouldn't have... -I'm okay. Let's work. -Okay. So no ID, no papers, no credit cards, no phone. I just spoke to, uh... I don't know, some medic. Right leg broken in two places. Dislocated shoulder, spinal cord damage, his left eye crushed, his ribs, his lung. And he dragged himself 200 meters and buried himself under the ground. Anyone would think he didn't want to talk to us. [chuckles] Well, we need to, uh, get DNA and prints when he comes out of surgery. Let's see if the Quaker sex queen can ID him from what she saw of the break-in at her cafe. [whispers] I'm having a baby. [giggles] Do you know what they do here? They make magic potions. -And Ruben was like Merlin. -[lock beeps] But the people who know how this stuff works, they tell me that this is brilliant. This changes lives, saves lives, whole nations. I look at this and I feel small. In the same week that Ruben died, his ex-wife was killed. Ruben Locana never married. His ex-partner then. The mother of his child. Ruben's life was holy chaos. I meet someone like Ruben and I am in awe. I'm in awe of him for what he does. Then you get up close and what do you see? You see that he's selfish, destructive, a destructive drunk. And my job is to keep him going, get him back to work, suck it up, because he's the goose. The goose that lays the golden egg. When I heard that Ruben was dead, you know what I said to my wife? I said, I'm glad. I'm glad it's all over. For him. For him too, you know. Where's your buddy? I think he went to the bathroom. He goes to the bathroom a lot. He's gone. He can't do this. All I'm trying to do is help. I'm sorry. We can't lead you on or prompt you. -It's him. -Thank you. And you go to court and you'll testify that this is the man you saw? I can't take an oath. But we Quakers, we affirm. -So yes, I will testify. -Thank you. [sighs] -He looks... He could die. -It's possible. -What about family? Children? -We don't know anything about him. -So he'll die alone like this? -What, you feel sorry for him now? I was there. I saw what he did. I still have nightmares. But I know what it does to me when I hate. I don't wanna go back there. Yeah. -Have you heard from Bobby? -No, no. I haven't heard from Bobby. Listen, that first time I came to your cafe, I was a touch rough. I'm sorry. -It's your job. -No, no. No. I was a bit scratchy. I'm pregnant. Oh. Congratulations. -The world doesn't seem so unkind anymore. -Sort of. Are you and Bobby...? I hope he doesn't have to die alone. -Okay, I should go now. -Goodbye, Lucy. -What are you doing here, Chris? -Um, I'm working. I told the police what you said to me. I don't know what you think happened, Lucy. I came to see how you are. I hope you're okay. What are you gonna do with those pictures that you have of me, Chris? Give them to Bobby to shame me? Do it. Go ahead. Or are you gonna give them to my friends at the Quaker Hall so they will realize what sort of woman I used to be? It will crush me, whatever you do, but I was sick. I know that now. And I've paid for all of that. Inside of me, I've paid. So I won't buckle to you. I need you to know that. Use those pictures or give them to me so I can destroy them. You sound pretty hysterical to me, Lucy. You sound delusional. Please be careful. -What are you involved in, Chris? -I'm genuinely concerned about you, Lucy. I think you're gonna need help, Lucy. Please call me if you do. [man speaking in German] What are you doing, running off like that? -Where's respect? -Tell it to Jesus. This might be how you do things in Cheshire. All I'm trying to do is help you. -You said Cheshire. -Excuse me? You said, "How you do things in Cheshire." I only told you Detective Day was from England. No, you said Cheshire. Now what is this? Maybe you should check the tapes? You were recording us, right? Nick, why would you want to put us into a room where you can record police officers if, as you say, you only want to help us? Where's the respect? [sighs] Get a warrant next time you wanna come. [guard speaking in German] Come on. [sighs] -Where have you been? -Let's get outside and I'll tell you. You had him, Linda. "Maybe you should check the tapes." Everything he said sounded rehearsed. Like "I'm in awe of him for what he does. This saves lives. I said to my wife, I'm glad he's dead." You know what I did in there? Saw the woman. You know... -The one who had Ruben's kid. -Marquita Olivo. -Why didn't she tell us she worked there? -Interesting. Mm. You've got him, haven't you? The man who killed Angela? What makes you say that, Steffan? I heard some officers talking. He's in the hospital, is that right? [sighs] We can't really talk to you about the case. You wouldn't have him if I hadn't driven my car into him. Steffan, you said you wanted to tell us about the pages. He's a professional killer, isn't he? As I just said, we can't tell you things like that. What else would he be? Be careful with him. They'll be after him. You saw what was on the pages. Do you know how many prescriptions there are in this country for depression in one year? Fifty million. Multiply that around the world, and all the other pills they throw at us for... for made-up conditions. Hoarding Disorder, Attention Deficit Disorder, Adjustment Disorder, Premenstrual Dysphoric Disorder. [laughs] How did this happen? How did we sleepwalk into having our brains coshed? Steffan, are you saying that this is why Angela was killed? All around the world, doctors are being paid to push this poison at us. That's all very interesting, but we are here to talk about the murders of Angela Benton and Jacob Appley. I keep on saying it to you, and you just don't get it. This is the biggest, most dangerous conspiracy the world has ever known. [sighs] Okay. Suppose we did get it. Suppose we-- All those things that your, your boss said, is that what I will be charged with? -That's not how we want things to go. -But you have to, don't you? It's not for us to decide. We make recommendations to the CPS, but if someone has assisted us with case-- But I will go to prison. I think you have to face the possibility, yeah. Tomorrow is my anniversary. -[sighs] No more deals. -I kept a copy of the pages. I will take you to them. I will give them to you. But I want to spend my anniversary with my wife. I want to give her flowers, give her a gift. I want her to know that this day meant something to me before I go away from her. -We can't decide things like that. -Well, talk to someone who can. [Walti] Nick Waingrow, Ex-FBI executive for Criminal and Cyber Response. -[Linda] Interesting. -[Walti] That's not any FBI agent. That's career FBI. So why is he cleaning up Ruben Locana's mess in Düsseldorf? Five of his agents were fired and three prosecuted, missing drugs money, missing drugs, missing people. Waingrow took early retirement and got out of the country. Four years with Rustin Wade, two of them out here. All right, listen up, guys. Listen up, listen up. Word from the hospital is our hoody man is still unconscious. But our Quaker friend has given us a positive ID. And campers, there is a positive DNA match from Angela's body. So we wait until we can talk to him. We have armed officers at the hospital. You can't help but think his paymasters don't want him talking to us. We've got good reason to believe that we will get our hands on a copy of the typed pages tomorrow. So I can finally have a good night sleep tonight. [door alert chimes] I just want to say one word. That's all, Dennis, honest. Just let me say it, and then you'll see what I mean. One word. Mediation. We could try it. People say it works. You sit there and you talk about everything and you find out the causes of stuff and you sort it out. It's got to be worth a go. I deserve a chance. You said one word. Don't do that, come on. What do you want me to do, beg? What are you looking at? Have a bit of consideration. Two people are having a personal discussion here, you can't step outside? Well, go on. Outside. What did I just tell you? Dennis, you dropped a bomb. It's over, no discussion. You don't even... You don't even give me a reason. This. This is the reason. That sofa is the reason. "One word" is the reason. -You, Nina, you are the reason. -You could say all of that in mediation. -I'm saying it all now. -With a counselor, we can sort it out. I have sorted it out. Is there someone else? You know, the way I feel, Nina, there will never be someone else ever again. That's a bit harsh. -My customers are waiting to get in. -I'm having a baby. Your baby. Our baby. Oh. Don't stare at me. I'm terrified standing here. -I don't know what to say. -It wasn't deliberate, Dennis. No, I know. Of course not. You wouldn't do that. -But I am glad, and I'm gonna keep it. -Of course. Maybe... uh, when you finish work, we could have a coffee. Could it be a glass of wine? [sighs] [Walti speaking German] Coin... Coin... Coin. Normal coin. Okay, look here, here we go, same thing here, here we go. Look again. Coin inside. -[laughs] -This is really nonsense. This is stupid. Listen, I'll try. Ok, I'll show it again. The boys love Uncle Walti's tricks. But they can never understand, if he can turn cents into euros, how come we're so poor? You have a gay friend, you always have a child minder. [Walti] Linda, come on. [Walti speaking in German] -You never get married, Bobby? -Oh, you see. She has to do it. -Me, married? Erm, no. -You don't have children? How come no children, Bobby? -[pills rattling] -[Bobby] Um... [Bobby sniffs] [grunts and sniffs] I thought I would, I suppose. Then I'd been doing this job for about, I don't know, a few years. It sort of crept up on me. And I just knew. I don't wanna bring kids into this world. That is the saddest thing I've ever heard. We have to cure you of your own mind. Sex is-- What is the English word when something cheers you up? -Mood elevator. -You see, Walti knows all about it. Sex in the elevator. We should all try it. [chuckles] [speaks in German] Oh. Go to bed now. Unbelievable. [Linda] Ready for an early start at Marquita Olivo's house? [birds chirping] [horn blaring] [Walti] Looks like someone's preparing to leave. We did knock. Good morning, Marquita. You're all packed. We're going on vacation. Yeah, we were wondering why you didn't tell us that you worked at Rustin Wade. [sighs] Oh, you didn't ask. You asked about Ruben and my son. We have a flight to catch. Can this wait until I get back? We would really like to talk to you about this. Did you know about this scam Ruben had going? My relationship with Ruben was over. It was a difficult situation. -[child babbles] -We had a child together. He never saw his son. We had to work in the same company. -So I tried to keep my distance. -I understand that, Marquita. Difficult. People will talk about things so I asked them to leave me out of it. Best thing to do. Distance. -So if that's it, our taxi's here. -Perhaps just another moment or two. Mr. Waingrow said that Ruben was "a magician." But what I can't get is, Ruben sounds like a crazy drunk. How did he function? How did he do his job? There will be periods where he would be dried out -so he could operate. -What was it that Ruben worked on? He worked on designing and developing new psychotropic drugs. [taxi horn blaring] I'll tell the taxi he can go. We'll get you to the airport. And what is it that you work on, Ms. Olivo? -[child screaming] -[speaking in German] Shut up. Shut up. [sighs] Psychotropic medicines... That's brain drugs, yes? They're psychiatric medicines that alter the chemical levels in the brain which impact mood and behavior. Do you work on developing new psychotropic medicines? -Hmm? -I have a flight booked. I'm going on vacation with my family. Will you let me go? [Nina] And Stefan, once you've seen your wife, you have to take us to those pages, all right? -Thank you. -Happy anniversary. Thank you. I went to see Dennis. We're gonna give it a go. Oh, good. I'm glad. "Oh, wonder. How beauteous mankind is. Oh, brave new world, That has such people in't." Is there a bit of Shakespeare for every occasion? There is. Alec, the hoody man's conscious. Bobby, maybe we could talk. If we can just get his name, something, anything-- -Yeah. -...then that can give us a trail -to find out who hired him, right? -Definitely. [sighs] I didn't tell Dennis about us. I thought it was enough, the, the baby. -But I will tell him. -You don't have to. Then maybe I won't. I hate lying but I think it would do his head in just now. -Yeah. -Thank you. -[thudding] -What's that? -[people screaming] -[alarm ringing] [man on PA] Urgent security to ICU now. -Where is he? We need to move him. -[woman] He's in here. Stay on lookout. No one else is to come in. Hold the door. Now. Move! They've let off gas canisters. Get out! [man over PA, indistinct] [Alec] They've come to get him. -[Nina] They'll kill him if they find him. -[grunts] [panting] [Nina] In here, Intensive Care! There's an armed man! Armed police! -[police siren wailing] -Look at me. Your bosses wanted you out, didn't they? Talk to me. Maybe you have children, maybe... Maybe there's someone who you love. Talk to me. Tell me your name, tell me-- Tell me who you are. [whispers] Gunnar Buchleitner. [indistinct chatter] Secure the perimeters. Oh! Are you okay? -Nina, we're needed at Steffan's house. -Gunnar Buchtleitner. His name is Gunnar Buchleitner. Let's go. - Take the iPad away. - Yes - Just take it away. - Thank you. - Careful, it's still hot. - Yes. -[phone ringing] -[speaking German] Cedric. Hello, Cedric. Lunch is not... Linda, the strangest thing. I just opened the freezer and there was package. A big package full of cash. I've never seen so much before. -What do you mean? -I mean cash. At least 20,000 euros. Maybe more. In the freezer. Frozen. Cedric, get that money out of there. Get it out of the house fast. Maximilian? Boys? [car horn honking] [ambulance siren wailing] [tires screeching] [Steffan] She's finally free. I was selfish. That's the real curse of our times, isn't it? Selfishness? I couldn't see. My wife loved me. Why was that never enough? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 