Paranoid: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Paranoid 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Paranoid (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 Whilst Linda initially believes that Ruben drowned as he was drunk and full of drugs her British counterparts are not so certain, though divided as to the motives of the Ghost Detective, who eludes them following a chase after he has taken typed papers belonging to Angela. The murder weapon is found, incriminating Jacob, but Bobby finds evidence to suggest that he was not the murderer but was framed. Alec and Nina attend his mother Monica's birthday party and again kiss but later Monica warns Nina not to get involved with her son. The Ghost Detective leaves a DVD showing an alleged break-in at Angela's house the night before but her father denies any knowledge. Bobby and Alec finally locate and pursue the Ghost Detective, but he gets the better of them, putting Alec in danger. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Linda over Skype] So we found Ruben Locana dead in this swimming pool. There seems to be lots of alcohol here too. Over in the kitchen, more alcohol and what looks like Class A drugs of some description. That's not all. In his bedroom, I found a girl asleep. We're waiting to talk to her. [sobbing] [in German] She's still drunk. [in German] And maybe a little something else on top, hmm? [sighs] 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Interesting. She's known Ruben two weeks and she's semi moved-in with him. This Sheri woman is American? Yeah, you know. Two dates in and the phone call goes: "Do we need any milk?" They were having a party for two and she passed out. -What about him? Was he drunk? -We found cocaine, amphetamines. I mean, this guy is a chemist, so he knows what happens when you swallow the kind of cocktails that would make a horse fall down. So Linda, any signs of a break-in? Or signs of a struggle? There's mess, but it looks like party-time chaos. -Any suspicious circumstances? -Only stupid circumstances. Sheri said it was fancy drinking. Tequila, grenadine, creme de cassis, the luxury way to kill yourself. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Was there anyone else there? We have to get her sobered up to get some sense out of her. We'll get back to you. Hands across the water. Bye. [beeps] [sighs] She bothers me. Mary Poppins. "Stupid circumstances." That's not what I'd call assessing a crime scene. Well, it's the kind of thing you'd say. [chuckles] [Michael] We get a card, anonymous. Telling us to look into Angela's past. And we find her ex dead. He drowned in his own pool. He dies the same week as Angela. Is that a coincidence or is there something we're not seeing? Let's let our friends in Düsseldorf dig around Ruben Locana, see what that tells us. And look at this. What's going on here? Well, I think the Ghost Detective is trying to help us. He told us where to look. So, what does he know? He made that card. What kind of bozo does that? He's talking to our witnesses, the victim's family. That's not someone who knows. He's investigating our case. For me, that smells of some weirdo who gets a buzz out of meddling. He's watching us. That's what does my head in. Why is he filming us and sending it to us? Look at the message, Bobby. "You have no idea what you are up against." What are we up against? I tell you what I'm up against. A lot of local feeling about this killing. Which is why I'm not going public about this Ghost Detective. Keep it tight. I don't want any gossiping. People out there believe we have the man that did this. He fits. He lives nearby. He wears a hoodie. He's a paranoid schizophrenic. What we don't have yet is quality evidence to bag him for this killing. There was blood from his own death, but the lab would tell us if there's any Angela blood, any Angela DNA on him. I want the weapon. Nina, Alec, find the weapon. Then we'll know. Bobby, find me this Ghost Detective. At the moment, I still believe Jacob killed Angela. [Alec] It's a long way out of town for a place to choose to kill yourself. [Nina] It's remote. It's perfect. I'd choose here. Alec, if you're gonna argue that he didn't jump, you're gonna have to give me more than "it's a long way out of town." But how do I prove it didn't happen that way when all there is is a body under a bridge? I feel cheated. You'll meet someone. How come somebody who is supposed to be educated comes up with such a bland comment as that? -"You'll meet someone." -What am I supposed to do? You're facing a woman's biggest existential crisis and I'm trapped out here in the middle of nowhere with you, and you say that. "I feel cheated." [sighs] I want to be sympathetic, but that's not enough for you, is it? So, you know what? I'll be honest. You want kids, you want a relationship, so stop all the blaming and get on with it. I think I prefer the bland. -Or the quotes. -I tell you what would help. I think you're missing stuff on the case because you're determined to fight with me. Hey, the kiss happened. I don't think any worse of you because of it, Nina. -Let's just do the job. -Okay. We'll do it your way. For now. If Jacob Appley wasn't the killer, then what? -So where do we look? -The Ghost Detective. [stammers] I mean, he got in touch with us for a reason. So, what if we try to figure out who he is, what he's got? You said he seemed genuine, this Detective Galen fella, when he came to see you. That's stuck in my mind. What did you mean? Hello, Bobby. Would you like some red berry tea? [Lucy] Do you know what it was? He was sad. There was, um, a sadness about him, about his eyes, that made him look honest. You pretended to be a detective. It's not my idea of honest, to be honest. How's your tea? -It's got bits in it. -[laughs] You do make me laugh, Bobby. -Sad like he knew Angela Benton maybe? -Sad like you. So you went to the doctor's? He's got some more pills. I feel a bit woozed out, actually. -How many is that you're on? -They're just two. You don't approve? They don't know how they work, Bobby. You take more than one and that's a cocktail and then you really are in the unknown. She's a doctor. I'm a Quaker for a reason. I went down that route. Didn't work out for me. That's why I live like this. What, you're saying I have to change my job? You're having panic attacks. You're taking pills. I'm just telling you what I did. I don't know what's right for you, Bobby. No way. What am I gonna do? Grow begonias and make berry tea? [scoffs] I have worked... You have to go through so much to get where I am. It was a commitment. I mean, crime, it breaks people's lives. It can't be allowed, you know. Someone has to... Bobby... I do a brilliant fried eggs with halloumi. Shall we have some? Yeah, great. Thanks. -What's "halloumi"? -[chuckles] -What did he want, Mr. Benton? -He asked about Angela. About her relationship. Why did Angela come back from Düsseldorf? We need to know. We need you to help us. Please. She was pregnant. And he didn't want to know. Did Detective Galen ask anything else? I refused to talk to him, so he said could he just take the papers. -What papers were these, Mr. Benton? -I found them under Angela's pillow. He asked if there were any papers so I gave them to him. Did you look at them? What were they about? Medical stuff. I couldn't make head nor tail of it. Mr. Benton, these papers, they're what Angela was writing about on that, on that typewriter? It's him. It's the bloody Ghost Detective. We've got him. What's going on? [motorcycle revs] [sloshing] [yelps] [grunts] [motorcycle whirring] -Well, that went well. -[chuckles] You all right? [groans] [Nina gasps] [both panting] [Alec] Right, so this is the killer, and is he Jacob? Or is the Ghost Detective telling us something else? We can't do facial mapping because his head was down so we have no image of his features. We couldn't get hold of any comparative film of Jacob Appley to do body mapping which leaves us with... tracking. He went onto Paley Street, across to Drake Avenue, up onto Spenser Road and then into Bracken Alley, and he didn't come out again. [Bobby] How well did Jacob know his way around? [Henry] Pretty good. He liked to go walking. What about Bracken Alley? Did he go up there? He had like his own patch that he would trek around. The library was as far as he went. He didn't take books out. He'd just... sit there, talk to people. What about Bracken Alley? No. Not that far, no. It always spooked him when we were kids. Hey, hey, hey. -[Henry sobs] -What is it? [sniffles] I tried... I did try. I'm married. [stammers] It takes a lot. It's a lot to ask. Checking in on him every day, it puts pressure. You know, there were days I wished he'd die. I wished he'd just get out of my life. Do you know what that feels like? I look at my wife, I look at my own children, he sat on the sofa with them. How do I bring my kids up knowing what my brother did? I don't know, Henry. I can't answer that. Jacob was ill. It happened because he stopped taking his medication. Yeah, it would have to be days of him not taking them. That's what I don't get. Why didn't I spot it? Why didn't I notice Jacob getting unhinged? [phone ringing] Okay, can I help? Oh, you're all heart, Megan. Isn't she, Alec? I can manage. By the way, Nina, I, uh... I thought you were brilliant. [chuckles] I can't get the stench of that mud off me. [sniffs] You smell all right to me. [sighs] [Alec] I knew it was odd, on its own in that room with only clean paper beside it. I wanted to ask Angela's father about it. Why a typewriter? You have to think. She didn't trust a computer. She was afraid. She put the pages under her pillow. That's not exactly a safety deposit box. Doesn't strike me as being scared. -What was it she typed? -Her father said it was medical stuff. Well, she's a doctor. That's not exactly shocking. [Alec] But what matters is the Ghost Detective knew there was some papers in the house. He asked for them. If he's supposed to be helping us, sending us cards, telling us where to look, why does he take those pages? Why doesn't he just give them to us? This is all very intriguing, but all it tells me is that there's a doctor who liked using a typewriter. Somebody's out there, digging around. It might be a journalist. It could be some headbang who thinks they're Columbo. What none of this tells me is that Jacob Appley "didn't" kill Angela. -He doesn't wanna know, does he? -Can you blame him? Those messages are so vague. If Galen had something to give us, we'd have it by now. Michael believes the evidence points to Jacob. Henry told me that his brother would've had to be off his pills for several days but he didn't see any sign-- I got an idea. [Sheri] I waited all my life to meet someone. You meet a man in Paris, the most romantic city in the world. And then this... Sheri, maybe, can I suggest you separate out the drink talking and you talking? Sheri, was anyone else at the house that night? I never felt so loved. -You knew the guy for two weeks. -What about earlier in the day? It was just us. Are you saying that I didn't love Ruben? Sheri, on Ruben's toxicology report, he had a knockout dose of illicit drugs in him. Oh, I don't do drugs. [sighs] Remember we did a blood test, on you? Remember that? Oh, yeah. [Walti] Tell us about that evening. What happened? We were just having fun. I remember Ruben saying, "Let's go for a swim." And I said, "Ruben, you've been saying that all day. I'm too wiped. You're too wiped. Let's just go to bed." But he went for a swim? I guess. [children laughing] Put them down. Good girl. [indistinct chatter] We'll go back and see your mom now, shall we? Henry. It was the kids' idea. They saw people doing it on the telly. -How could I say no? -Ah, it's a lovely thing to do. If your brother stopped taking his pills, they'd still be there in his flat. Can you count through them? Then we'll know if he took them. The psychiatrist came and took them away. People recorded what happened on their phones. I'm gonna ask you to look at it with me. You'll know if it's Jacob. The way he walks or something. But people saw him. People saw a man in a hoodie. No one saw his face. Just come in and have a look. That's all I'm asking. Okay. His girlfriend said that Ruben was planning to take a swim. His toxicology was off the map, so you have to think one and one makes two. And now his cleaner told us that Ruben broke his wrist a while back, fell down drunk right here. She often found him passed out by the pool or on the floor in the mornings. But Linda, is there nothing to suggest... Uh, no marks on his body, nothing on his phone? Sheri said he actually told her he was going for a swim. So that's it. No suspicious circumstances. It really does look like an accident. No suspicious circumstances. Sometimes, a cigar is just a cigar. Hey. That's Freud, Alec, that's good. -Hands across the water. -Hands across the water. Bye. [computer beeps] She has to be wrong. It can't be a coincidence, both Angela and her ex dying in the same week. That's his hoodie. It has to be Jacob. How can it not be? Why don't you look at some specific things? We can enlarge the image. You just ask, anything you wanna focus on. His, um, his stride, his trainers... Let me see his feet. His laces are fastened. Jacob was fixated about unfastening them. So he always kept them unfastened? -Pretty much. -"Pretty much" won't do it, Henry. Either it's an obsession of his or it's not. Did he or did he not keep his laces done up? He didn't. [cell phone beeps] -Is that the big-hearted PC Waters? -[chuckles] No, it's my mother. She's having one of her needy days. She's panicking that I won't come to her birthday. A chance for her to put on her comedy lipstick. [laughs] -Hey, uh, do you wanna come? -Me? What do you want me to come for? Look... It's my family, when I go there, that world, I... Well, I never belong. So if I take a bit of this world with me, it might help. Bollocks. [chuckles] You think you're doing me a favor because everybody is laughing at my limp -and Dennis has dumped me. -[chuckles] I don't want your sympathy. What? No, Nina, honest. You'd be helping me out, really. -They might think I'm your girlfriend. -No, they won't. -Why not? -What, because we're different ages. Oh, no. I'm sorry. That... Yeah, I will come to the party. You need to get your stuff. [police siren wailing] Thank you. -You know what it is, don't you? -They found the weapon. Now we'll know. We have the murder weapon. A kitchen knife belonging to a set owned by Jacob Appley. Straightforward print match. Yeah, what about the other stuff, boss? The, uh, the CCTV, the laces... Yeah, on the one hand, we have quality forensics. On the other hand, a fastened shoelace. Ask yourself, Bobby, which one would you take to the CPS? He's determined to stick with Jacob Appley. It's pretty conclusive, Alec. Come on. Maybe he's right. Maybe everything else is just noise. [easy listening music playing] [chatter, indistinct] [Alec] Nina. -Nina, meet my mother. Nina Suresh. -Happy birthday, Mrs. Wayfield. Nina and I work together. Alexander has a first class degree. [scoffs] Why doesn't that surprise me? I thought you might stay the night, darling. Oh, I have to get Nina home. Hello. Or he could have gone into politics, or medicine, law, academia. He did go into law. [chuckles] Have you had enough to eat, Miss Suresh? My brother, he went into Parliament aged 29. What do you think of that? I always think anyone who wants to go into politics should automatically be disqualified. [chuckles] What a precious evening this is. To be surrounded by so much love. I'm so very fortunate. -Oh, Cris, you've got me a drink. -Here you go. You could at least have stayed the night. The woman is wearing comedy lipstick. [chuckles] -She needs all the support she can get. -That thing she said about her brother... It isn't true. My mother is a chronic liar. She lies when there's just no need to. She... [scoffs] She lies when she's so easily found out. When I got to about 12, I realized that about 50 percent of everything she said just wasn't true. -What a minefield. -Yeah. Thank you for coming, Nina. -[Alec] You okay? -[Nina] Yeah. [Nina sighs] I'm sorry, for snapping at you. I'm always biting your head off. You're just trying to help me. I get that. [giggles] [moans] -Wait, love. -Sorry, sorry. [Lucy] No one's gonna try to convert you, Bobby, because there's nothing to convert you to. There's no dressing up, there's no dogma, no creed. What you saw in there, that's it. We sit, we listen. And, um, when you listen, something happens. And then you take that out into the world. Yeah, but... You know, what about the God thing? [chuckles] We believe that there's something of God in everybody, so everybody's equal. We'd rather not harm or threaten anyone. Believe what you want. It's a mystery to me. And I like it like that. Do you wanna stay with me? What? Do you wanna stay with me tonight? Do you want someone to hold you? I would like that. [both laugh] [people laughing] "This will prove whose side I am on. Now you show me what kind of police you are." What does it mean? Why should we justify ourselves to him? [Nina] "Don't ever ask who I am. If you try to find me, you will lead them to me." What does he mean, "them"? Who's "them"? "If you stop hearing from me it's because I'm dead. If I get killed, it will be your fault." God, he likes to lay it on a bit thick. "Don't tell anyone, don't tell your bosses anything more about me. Don't tell them what is on this DVD." [sighs] -What the hell is this? -[Alec] That's Eric Benton's house. Someone, what, broke in there? Is that what we're looking at? Look, the film is dated. That was last night. "This man killed Angela Benton. You have to find this man." There's his face. Go back a bit. [gasps] What do we do? [sighs] [in German] Hey, Linda, come on now. Didn't we agree? No bringing this stuff home. [in German] The boys won't see it. It's 3:00 a.m. I'm seeing it. And it's 3:00 a.m. Come to bed, Detective Felber. Is that a proposition? You can have what's left of me. I'll be right there. [Cedric grunts, sighs] [Linda clears throat] [sighs] [Eric] What do you mean "break-in"? -Who would want to break in here? -You didn't notice anything? Doors, locks, belongings... There's nothing to worry about, Mr. Benton. Of course there's something to worry about. My grandson lives here. I worry about him. -What would anybody want here? -[Alec] We were wondering... Maybe there was some more of those pages Angela was typing. Is that possible? You only gave two sheets to the man who came to visit. Is there somewhere in the house she might keep them? I tell you what I worry about. I worry about you. Tell us again about the fire. There was an explosion. The cooker. A few days before Angela died. [in German] Why does he pick a woman like Sheri? [in German] Oh, come on, Linda, what are you saying? He's head of Research at a big company. -So what? Some men like women like Sheri. -He had a child he never went to see. What are you saying? Look at this man here. What went wrong? Look at this. [sighs] What are we looking at? I need to talk to Sheri again. Come. -Do you think people can tell? -What? About the Ghost Detective? -No, about us, bloody hell. -No, I don't think they can tell. -I'm ten years older than you. -Yeah, I noticed. Bobby. The Ghost Detective says that we can't tell Michael about this. [car engine revving] [Nina] We have the weapon. It has Jacob's prints on it. Evidence can be faked. Something's not right. We know that. Henry, his kids, they're in bits. They have to live with the whole town despising them. I'm gonna find this bastard. We live in a small place. Does it sound like someone local to you? This is someone who plans things carefully. But he'd have to be around here to put things in place. Angela's routine at the park. The timing. Find Jacob. Sort out escape. -Bracken Alley, a place to vanish. -[sighs] Okay, so if he wasn't local, he'd need somewhere to stay. -A hotel. -Who's that? Do you wear slippers to work? You could at least cough or something if you're gonna creep up on people. Yeah, it's nothing. What it's so "nothing" that the three of you looked hypnotized. Megan, listen, you didn't see this, okay? We just need some time to think things through. [door opens] [Michael] I'm meeting with the CPS tomorrow. I imagine we'll be making an announcement tomorrow. [Bobby] Jacob Appley? Well, unless you're gonna confess to the murder, Bobby... [chuckles] Yes, Jacob Appley. Four cops around a computer? Either Amazon or porn. [all laugh] No work to do? [sighs] We have to tell him about this last message. We have a bit of time. Why don't we take a look? -Yeah. -[Bobby] Then we'll tell him. [Alec] My family owns properties. They rent them out. Homes, offices, businesses. I used to like to come to this one when I was a kid. So I'm gonna have it done up, and I'm gonna live here. Oh, it's cozy. So why are we here? I think Michael's wrong, so we could use this as a sort of incident room. -Where Michael can't stop us looking. -[sighs] Alec... I'm really sorry about what happened in your mother's garden, about jumping on you like that. I don't think it was you who jumped on me. I really want you to know, I wasn't thinking sperm donor. -I sort of got that. -It shouldn't have happened. -It's not fair on you. I'm all rebound. -Yeah. -It's cool, Nina. -I love Dennis. I've loved him for four-and-a-half years, and I still do. I... I love him if he wants me, I love him if he doesn't want me. I love him more if he doesn't want me. [sighs] All I can think of is getting him back. Alec, I'd rather Dennis never knew about... Have I hurt you? I've hurt you, haven't I? I'm a mess. I'm a fucking tornado charging through people's lives. -You hate me now. -I don't hate you, Nina, okay? [sighs] Alec... Oh, there's more. I'm gonna tell Michael about the last parcel from the Ghost Detective. About... about the DVD, about the break-in, about the hoodie man. -Why? -I have to. We don't know who this freako is, feeding us magic information. We have no idea what is really going on here. This is my job. We could go to jail if we conceal stuff. And telling Michael is the only sane thing to do. Now I hate you. You know, when this is all swept under the carpet, Nina, you're gonna have to look at me every day, knowing that I know you bottled it. [Alec scoffs] I left my crutch in your mother's garden. [laughs] Is that a fact or a metaphor? [Linda] What I noticed was you said you passed out, but you managed to get to bed before you did, right? Yeah. I suppose. Ruben said he was going for a swim. One decision like that and a life is gone. Well, it's interesting to get philosophical about it. If he fancied some water sports while he was full on cocaine and amphetamines and tequila, well, maybe that's the real issue here. What do you think? Sheri, was Ruben the kind of person who makes the bed in the morning? -Or how about you? -Yeah, I make the bed. What are you saying? Ruben's side of the bed, I noticed it had been slept in. I know you got drunk, I know you passed out, but did Ruben maybe skip the swim and just come to bed beside you? You see, I noticed his side of the bed, the covers were turned over, the sheets were slept in. -Can you remember if Ruben came to bed? -I don't know. [sighs] I didn't see a towel beside the pool. Yeah, he'd take a towel. Maybe he did come to bed. If he came to bed, then how did he end up in the pool? -Sergeant Suresh, someone to see you. -What do you mean, somebody? -Give me more than "someone". -This woman. She asked for you by name. -What for? -I don't know. Just this woman. She looks sort of-- Big lipstick. [sighs] He kills Angela in a play park. He wants to make it look random. Wants to blame it on a paranoid schizophrenic. What kind of person is that? He breaks into Eric Benton's after the murder, because there's something in there he wants, those pages. What kind of person is that? I tried hotels. It's too obvious. What would you do, Alec, if you wanted to stay under the radar for a few weeks? Look like a tourist. Um, no one to spot you, no hotel receptionists, porters, chambermaids. Airbnb. Sorry about the room. Just it's quiet in here. Is there something wrong, Mrs. Wayfield? No. No, nothing wrong. [sighs] Thank you for seeing me. -Nina, isn't it? -Yeah. I could get us coffee. I don't think so. Okay, yeah, cheers. Thanks for your help. Uh, yes, I can wait. [Bobby] That's every house on the list. Where else do we look? "Charming Barge to Let. Beautiful views. Sleeps four. Contact Damien." -Hey, Damien? -[Damien] This is him. Yeah, my name is Detective Robert Day from Woodmere CID. -Do you have a current guest? -Yes, I have. -Yeah, is he a single gentleman? -I'm sorry? -Um, you know, a man on his own? -A German gentleman? Yeah. The German gentleman, yeah, that's the one. -I'm concerned for you, Miss Suresh. -[scoffs] For me? Before you get too involved with my son, there's something you should know. I'm not getting involved with Alec. Well, I saw the way he looked at you. Alexander... is not as strong as he appears to be. He seems in pretty good shape to me. When he was 17, he tried to kill himself. A girl broke his heart and he couldn't bear it. [stammers] I think he's one of those people who loves too much. I would be grateful if you didn't tell him that I'd advised you of this. -What, just between... Between us? -Yes. [stammers] And I'm to stay away from Alec? Well, I'm just... concerned that you should be aware. Poor Alec. [clears throat] -What are you doing? -I'm gonna ask him. If it's true. Uh, please don't do that. Oh. Is it the truth, Mrs. Wayfield? Um, do you want to tell me or would you want Alec to tell me? It is the truth. But he'll deny it. He's wiped it from his memory. [exhales] -God, Bobby's right. -Excuse me? What's the matter with people? Poor Alec. There with the red top. [Bobby] Okay. -So now what? -We sit and we wait. Hey, hey, look. Look. What do we do? Let's see where he's going. He might lead us to someone else. [phone vibrates] Alec, I'm sorry, all right? I was talking bollocks. I don't love Dennis. I don't know why I said that. Panic, I suppose. I'm really sorry. I like you and I want us to... Look, if, if you want to, we could-- We could... I panicked. I see that now. Call me, you bastard. [Alec] Where's he going? What do we do? -Let's take a look. -Is he leading us? Let's have a chat with him. Police. [Bobby] Alec! No! [screaming] [splash] Code zero. Anderton Boat Lift. [man on radio] Code zero. ETA in five minutes. [Nina on phone] It's me again. Please call me, Alec. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 