Paranoid: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Paranoid 
 s1e7 - Episode #1.7 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Paranoid (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Episode #1.7 - full transcript 
 Released from prison and sent home Bobby confronts Lucy over the sexy photos he was sent and she confesses that Crowley took them, but with her consent. Linking Crowley to many of Rustin Wade's British drug trials Nina arrests him but has to release him for lack of any evidence when he denies knowledge of Waingrove or his company. Following information from Monica Nina and Alec follow Crowley but get no more of a result than Lucy when she asks him to admit his involvement in Rustin Wade or Angela's death. Then Nina gets a lead when she visits Caitlin Graece, a nurse who took part in the drug trials. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 What are you looking for? What is this? -What--? -Christopher Vincent Crowley, I'm arresting you on suspicion of conspiracy to murder. [indistinct chatter] [Nick] Ah! [Linda] You're ready for us, Nick? Is there any other way, Detective Felber? -Where would you like to start? -I have a warrant to retrieve all materials related to drug trials that Ruben Locana worked on. -Thank you. -Let's go. [elevator dings] 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [phone ringing] That's a lot of conferences, don't you think, Dr. Crowley? Yes. It is. I get invited to symposiums, events like that. It's part of my job. But it is quite a large amount of pretty luxurious trips. All hosted and paid for by this company, Rustin Wade. Yes, and other companies. That is how it works. They host. Psychiatrists go there to speak, to learn, to debate. Why does this matter? Jacob Appley was thrown off that bridge like a piece of rag. Your involvement with these pharma companies, -Rustin Wade, they involve drug trials? -No, we don't. We-- Diagnosis, treatment, patients, medical intervention-- 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 They didn't talk to you about a trial called Mainline? No reputable company would ever call a clinical trial something as crude as Mainline. If you think it works like that then you really don't know very much. Jacob's neck was broken. We're interested in who you might have met at these gatherings. [Alec] Millions of people saw pictures of Jacob in the newspaper. They believed he killed an innocent woman, and they hated him for it. I know. I know that. -Why are you telling me this? -How about this man? Yes, that's Christian Govels. He's a sales... Uh, he heads up-- -What does it mean if I know Christian? -How about Andre Plamert? Uh, yes, I've met him many times. He's Business Development and Strategic Planning. -Uh, please tell me why is--? -How about this man? No, I don't know him. [Alec] Jacob is dead, and his brother saw all that hatred. Henry's kids had to deal with that. -He says he knows you. -[Chris] Well, he can't. -He didn't. -[Nina] We spoke to him. He knows you. -You spoke to him? -Well, he says he met you. -Where was it? -I don't know, I've never met him. I need you to show me evidence that I've ever met him. Oh, no, Nina. That's not the man. This is the man we spoke to. Saul Lessiter. Sorry. We make mistakes. We're human. [chuckles] I refuse to say any more. Unless you're gonna charge me with anything, I will wait until you release me. You only had to ask. [Linda] We would like the identities of people who took part in the trials, not all these boxes. But these are numbers. Data Protection, Patient Confidentiality. Uh, people are coded. This is all I can give you. Okay, I understand. You want to respect medical ethics and the sensitivities of these vulnerable people who took your drugs. I'm touched. So, what we will have to do is the police will make a public announcement asking anyone who took part in Rustin Wade drug trials to come forward, urgently. I'm surprised a global enterprise is willing to invite that kind of adverse publicity, Nick. [Nick] These are the names of the people on the trial. -This is it? -It's a lot of people. [Nick] 723. Ruben Locana's been running trials for a long time. Okay. Let's get our way. Detective. I advised your English colleague that if he persisted with his obsessive, aggressive attacks, that he would only end up hurting himself. We have a job to do, Nick. We are going to do it. Uh, please try to see. -You really don't want to know. -But we do. That's why we're here. No, I mean you don't want to know, Linda. There'll be a moment when you "get" what I mean and... And then we should talk. I almost went back there. [door opening] -I nearly picked up a pill. -[door closing] I know what that stuff does to me, but I wanted to take them anyway. I am so grateful that I can sit here and know it is only pain. I had to hang up on you, because I couldn't cope with any of it. I panicked. I'm sorry I said those things. I don't know where they came from. So I'm... I'm sorry. When did you get back? There was an incident in Düsseldorf. A blow-up sort of thing. -What you--? You lost it? -Yeah, I lost it, royally. There was a Jesus statue made of pills. -I pushed it over. -[laughs] I could feel myself getting more and more ramped up, and I couldn't seem to stop it. You know, my legs, my fingers, everything was fizzing. -I couldn't keep still. -Sounds like akathisia. -What's that? -Well, a GP puts you on antidepressants. Uh, you get worse, so they put you on antipsychotics, only they call them anti-anxiety pills, because it sounds cozier, more helpful. You get worse, you get agitated, aggressive, so they increase your dosage. You get even worse, because they don't see that it's the drugs that are doing it. If you don't believe me, look it up. "Akathisia." The reason I got so fired up was something upset me. Something happened that sent me out there. -I go this way. Goodbye, Bobby. -I said I was sorry. "Sorry" is nice, Bobby. It's a gesture, that's all. But if you find yourself apologizing all of the time, maybe you need to take a look at yourself. Maybe you need to change something. "How now, you secret, black, as midnight. What is't you do?" -Shakespeare. -I guessed. Wouldn't it be nice to say to blokes like him: "You're a filthy, lying scumbag of dog's vomit"? [laughs] Say it in there, on the tape, forever recorded. -I do like it when you're so very "Nina". -Hey! I imagined you'd be in a German prison by now. What exactly did you do to Jesus? -In my version of events, he fell over. -Don't think that's gonna stand up. There'll be CCTV. Did Michael give you the "hairdryer" treatment? No, Rustin Wade haven't made a complaint, yet. -It's weird. -[Nina] It's not so weird. They'll save it up in case any of this gets to court, and then they'll use it. So why did you do it? It was a Jesus made out of pills. Ask yourself. I wanted to knock it over the minute I saw it. Where we up to? We have to connect Crowley to Mainline. To Waingrow. If we can do that, we can show they are responsible for Angela's murder, Jacob's murder. If he's involved, we'll find something on his computer, on his phone. There will be evidence somewhere, there has to be. [sighs] There has to be. [Nick] One day I'll drink my coffee and let you worry about your books. -I'm waiting for that day. -[chuckles] I need to charge my iPad. Sadie, I seem to remember you were going to ask before-- What's this, Dad? It's nothing. Don't worry about it. Why do I carry your books to the car every day, Sadie? -You're the clean-up guy. -I'm the clean-up guy. [car engine revs] [sighs] I went to see Lucy Cannonbury. What did you do that for, Monica? Don't you want to know what she told me? -Come closer. Sit with me. -Are you okay? She said that you were always very kind to her. Little foot massages, that kind of thing. I was looking back at us, at how, um, things started between us, because I couldn't remember how it started. So... I wanted to know how it started between you and her, since she came before me. [sighs] Are you sure you're okay, sweetheart? Why is something like this troubling you? Because, well, we hooked up again, but why now? I mean, it felt like an accident when I bumped into you. How are you? Shall we go for a coffee? But it keeps coming into my mind. That was right after Angela's death. Right after the police started investigating things, my son started investigating. Your mind really is running away, isn't it? What is it we do best? I take care of you, don't I? Isn't that true? -Is there another woman, Chris? -Oh, Monica. You go out at 5:00 in the morning, 4:00 sometimes. I mean, why do you have to go out at that hour? I like the dawn. But it feels secret, and that's why I followed you. What did you see? I saw you making a phone call. Oh, you shouldn't have followed me, Monica. -Did you see where I got the phone from? -No. Was it a woman? [beeping] [beeps] [beeps] Yeah, Waingrow. There was a conference held at your hotel, June 21st to 24th, and we're trying to establish if you had a Nick Waingrow staying with you at that time. It was a Nick Waingrow between February the third and the sixth. Was he registered with you then? Nick Waingrow. Yes. -Nicolas Waingrow. -August 15. Uh, November? Early November? I realized you can't share that kind of information over the telephone but-- [Nina] We can ask your local police to come in to see you but you can tell us if it's worth that while, how about that? Okay. Thank you. Oh, folly. Do you think Waingrow would be dumb enough to stay in the same hotel as Crowley? It's not folly to check. So Crowley set up Jacob Appley to take the blame for him. -That's what we believe, yeah. -And to do this, what? You'd have to be working for Rustin Wade, for Waingrow? -It was in his face. He knows Waingrow. -Since when, Alec, has the look on a suspect's face ever put them in prison? We have lists of conferences Crowley went to. The man has a history of predatory sex. They might have something on him. And you know this, how? Well, Lucy Canabry, she's giving us plenty. Any others? The logic I like, the suspect fits, but what's missing? What's always been missing on this job is evidence. Yeah, we know that. -[door closes] -I saw the pictures. They were given to me. Well, no, not given. They were shoved under my hotel room door. Sorry I couldn't say it yesterday. [stammers] How is that possible? That's what I wanna ask you. You said someone had them. Who is it? Who's got them? [Lucy] Is that what happened in Düsseldorf? Is that what tipped you over? Sorry. [Nick] If my daughter can find where you plant these, then can I suggest that you employ more capable people? -You think we did this? -You think I believe you didn't? Mr. Waingrow, if we wanted to fit recording devices into your car, we would need court approval, so we would have no reason to deny it. If it was us, we'd be just putting our hands up. And if we did it without permission, then any recordings would be no use to us. You know that. -Interesting, don't you think? -What? Who else might want to record you? And do you know what else? To come here without your expensive lawyers to show us these before you checked out, and you usually like to check things out, that's different. This is not gonna end the way you think it is. [Monica] I want to do my best to be normal. Well, reasonably normal for me. I want... There's been so many wasted years. Oh, God, I didn't mean to say any of this. That's not why I asked you to come around. So why did you? I have no idea what it means to be a mother. Truly. But I know that I've hurt you. So I want to stop hurting you. -Is that it? -Well, I have something for you. [Monica, on recording] Is there another woman, Chris? What is this? [Chris] Oh, Monica. [Monica] You go out at 5:00 in the morning, 4:00 sometimes. -I mean, why do you go out at that hour? -What have you done? You see. I do love you. [Monica] I saw you making a phone call. [Alec] Finally, we've got something. Why is he going out before dawn to make phone calls? [Chris, on recording] Oh, you shouldn't have followed me, Monica. Did you see where I got the phone from? Jeez, he has a phone hidden somewhere. That's why we found nothing at his house. We get that phone, we've got him. We get Crowley, and it all falls into our lap. -What do we do? -We have to catch him making a call. So we watch his house till he comes out and goes to the hidden phone. [indistinct chatter] -Enjoy your lessons. -Thanks, Dad. -Bye. -Bye. [voicemail prompt] You have three new messages. [Chris] It's me, Crowley. You have to be there when I call you. I need to speak to you. -[voicemail prompt] Message deleted. -[Chris] Just get back to me, please. -[voicemail prompt] Message deleted. -Please. Please ring me back. Please. [voicemail prompt] Message deleted. Hey. Clarinet practice with no clarinet. Not a great idea. -No. Bye. -[Sadie] Bye, Dad. [car door closes] It keeps running through my mind. To do that, to use those pictures like that... It's unforgivable, isn't it? Well, I was there. I took part. When I fix on the idea that I'm a victim, it makes me want to lash out. But it doesn't help when I blame, blame, blame. It makes me ill. There has to be a logic. There has to be a connection. Whoever gave those pictures to Waingrow... it has to be someone you know. And someone who knows him. You'll find out who it was, so I'll tell you. Chris Crowley. -Thanks, Alec. -What have I done? Dennis doesn't suspect, you know, about us, so that helps. That was quite a turnaround. Because he didn't want kids, settle down, any of that. [scoffs] Next he'll be asking you to marry him. -[Nina] Well, look at that. -Henry Appley? How come? So my wife said when I went home with the pills... [glass clinks] She was a bit shocked. I think it spooked her a bit. But she said I'm not like Jacob. I'm just upset. Well, I think it's too much for her to imagine that I could be, you know, unwell. She says I'm just under the cosh a bit, and I am. -So, she said to bring them back. -Of course, of course. You must do what feels... But I should add, Henry, that the likelihood of recovery without treatment, it diminishes if compliance is-- She asked me what it was I had. What the name of it was? To take drugs for it. Ah! What this is really about is the trust between a psychiatrist and a patient. -Well, I could do a proper examination-- -The police were here. I came to see you, and I saw them taking you away. Yes. Uh... It's quite frightening what they are capable of. -But why did they? -It's shocking, to be honest. How this is possible? You know, it's um... I mean, it's vindictive. It's utterly terrifying. No, I just have to hang on to the knowledge that I've done nothing wrong. So why can they just arrest you? Well, one of the detectives, uh, he resents that, he's taken against me, you know, because I have a personal relationship with his mother. I have known her for some years. That's... [scoffs] Well, we have to do something about that. That's terrible. [laughs] Look, I'm home. They had to let me go, you know. See, I won't let them bully me. No, after all you did for Jacob. I'm gonna go and see them and complain. No, Henry, we have to forget it. Really, no. [taps on window] Roll down your window! Turn off the engine. Who sent you? Rolanda Oelberg? Bailey Capple? -Someone inside Rustin Wade, huh? -Go easy, mister. I don't know who's paying. I'm just keeping an eye on you, that's all. Hey, he's gonna walk. This is it. He's gonna get the phone. [Nina] You follow him on foot. Keep in touch and tell me where you are. I think he's heading into the graveyard. [Nina] Maybe that's where the phone is hidden. Nina, we've got a problem. It's Bobby. He looks crazy. -He's heading after Crowley. -[Nina] Stop him. You have to stop him. Don't let Crowley see him or it's over. I'm coming now. What are you doing? Don't, okay? Don't do this. Stop it, stop it. What's the matter with you? Now, tell me, why are you here? Why are you after Crowley? Bobby, what brought you here? Lucy. Some pictures. He knows we're watching him. He's not gonna do anything now. [Walti, in German] We have details of all the trials, but look, no Ruben Locana drug trials in May and June. [Megan] If you don't pay next Wednesday, you're out. And if we win, it's my horse. -See you later, mate. -[man] See you. -Hi. [chuckles] -Hey. Thanks. Oh, I've tried smiling. And Parkrun and every manner of twinkle known to a woman. Megan, I'm flattered. Honest I am, it's just-- Right now, I'd not be a fun candidate for a boyfriend. I'm sorry. -Can I have my sweet back then? -[chuckles] Yeah. Maybe one day, when you get over Nina. You didn't see Waingrow put the photos under your hotel room door? Are we all supposed to go around cleaning up your chaos? [Alec] If we'd caught Crowley with that phone, we might have got some traction between him and Waingrow. -The whole Mainline thing. -[Nina] Bobby, talk to me. I'm gonna count to three. One, two, three. Four... We have to stop all this fannying around. A hired killer came here to our little, unknown market town, and in a kiddies' play park he stabbed to death a local GP. He made it look like it was Jacob Appley did it. He had his clothes. He knew everything about him. He needed help to do all of that. We know who helped him. We know, so let's just go with that here in our own town. Let's scrape over every inch of evidence of Jacob Appley's death because it will take us to Crowley. Yeah, sounds fair enough to me. [Rolanda] Nick. Which one of you dicks put this guy on to me? And you're bugging my home, my car. If you think that I might buckle or run or foul up, then come on, take me on now. [Rolanda] Calm down, Nick. Yes, I kept some from that trial... just in case this day should ever come. The day that I need you to understand that you need me. Now... If this goes public, if this goes Mainline, then big, fat, global Rustin Wade goes down the dirt pan. [Rolanda] What do you want, Nick? And how do we stop this from going Mainline? Me. Thank you for your time. Mr. Waingrow, we need your help. Something we don't understand. All that wonderful material you gave to us, thank you. Medications, people on the trials. But we were looking at the time just before Angela Benton left Düsseldorf. But what we noticed was, uh... We're kind of crosschecking things. What was interesting, around May and June, five people who worked in the labs worked with Ruben-- They all left Rustin Wade. But we can't find a trial around that time. Interesting, isn't it? As you know, I've given you all that we have, and I'm not on the medical side of things. Yes, you're just the clean-up guy. What I know is that not every research report is published. That's just the way of things in pharmaceuticals. Between you and me, they don't always get the result that helps sell the products. But we don't just want the trials that were published. We want them all. The stuff gets wiped. But if it's stored, you got it. [sighs] Did you have any luck finding out who put that bug on your car? Detective Felber, have you ever heard the saying: "At the end of the road, there's always a mirror"? I have now. -[indistinct chatter] -[dog barking] Are you trying to make some sort of point, Lucy, asking to meet me here? Chris, I know that you gave those pictures of me to some man in Germany. Turns out I'm not quite the good Quaker I like to think I am. -What do you want, Lucy? -I want to help you. All right, I'm going. Suppose you get away with it, Chris, whatever you've done, suppose you don't get caught, isn't that worse? Day after day, waking up to yourself, your secrets, your conscience. Isn't that going to be torture? I can sit here, Chris, because I know I did my best. Oh, well, hooray for you. If you were to give yourself up, wouldn't that give you a chance to--? Come on. Will you stop this holier-than-thou carping? But you do know, so tell the police. That's all I'm trying to say. You know, and that must be hell. And you bring me here for this? Don't give me this Quaker bullshit. I didn't kill... It wasn't me. I don't need your forgiveness. Do you hear me? I didn't know what was gonna happen to Jacob. They wouldn't tell me. They didn't tell me. [panting] At the time Angela left Rustin Wade, five others did too. Two of them went back to England. Jeremy Pamberly, Caitlin Graece. Caitlin, can you spell that, please? Uh, Graece. G-R-A-E-C-E. Okay, well, we'll take a look. And we're still working on connecting Crowley to Waingrow. How's Bobby? Bobby's not exactly a friend to Bobby. Tell him we love him. -We love him, don't we, Walti? -[Walti] We love Bobby. -You see? -[Alec chuckles] We'll get on to those names. -Hiya. -Hi. I thought you didn't like coming into town for lunch? [gasps] Whoa! [chuckles] I don't know what to say. -I'm sorry it's taken me a while. -I feel like I've ambushed you. Oh, no. Stop it. There was no ambush. Your trouble is you think too much. Do you know what I keep thinking about? Breastfeeding. That little mouth sucking milk, my milk. Oh, too much information. Go easy, petal. You have to push it. How long are you gonna take off work? I'm not going back. I wanna be at home. Well, you will be home. Everybody goes back. We can't live on my wages. -I wanna be a mum, Dennis. -Oh, Nina. You have to go for the crazy option, don't you? What? "Problem." "Push it." "Crazy." I don't think you actually like me much, Dennis. -You're very good at calling me names. -Look, don't go off the deep end. -Just because I-- -"Deep end." It's not the deep end. It's me. It's Nina. I want a man who looks at me, sees what I am, hears what I want and says, "Yeah." I mean, not every single time, but sometimes. Thank you, Dennis. For trying. Is that it? [Walti, in German] So many names. Why do people do drug trials? Money, I guess. I still have two, three pages to go. What is it, Linda? [in German] I don't know. I keep going over what Waingrow said, that I don't want to know what happened. [Bobby] We're going back to the beginning here, Henry, so if you could tell us when Jacob last saw Dr. Crowley? Oh, yeah. Yeah, can you remember, Henry? -Why are you picking on that man? -[Nina] We wanna find out-- Look, surely you wanna know what happened to your brother. I know about your mother. -What do you know? What do you mean? -Henry, just tell us. Was Crowley with Jacob just before he died? Was there anything odd, different, unusual? Anything. There was, wasn't there? Tell us. But is it true? Dr. Crowley... You're hounding him, because he was involved with your mother, and you didn't like it? Is that what he said? [Nina] What we're doing here is a legitimate investigation. -It has nothing to do with Alec. -[Bobby] You know something, Henry. I can see it. Why don't you tell us? If there was something that you saw. You disgust me. You know that? [radio chatter, indistinct] [phone ringing] [man] Hello? I need you to stay in England and go see Crowley. Hey. I know Crowley got together with your mother to deliberately do your head in, but you've done nothing wrong. -Thanks, Nina. -Do you think I'm crazy? Crazy? No, you're just Nina. -Dennis thinks I'm crazy. -Oh, right. I don't wanna be with a man who thinks I'm crazy. Oh, right. Who would? [door opens] [Megan] That name Detective Felber gave us, Caitlin Graece, the nurse on the trial, she lives in Doncaster. Doncaster? Thanks, Megan. I've always wanted to go to Doncaster. [chuckles] [Lucy] Crowley said: "I didn't know what was going to happen to Jacob. They didn't tell me." Will you testify that Crowley said that? Hi. I'm here to speak to Caitlin Graece. Yes. She's in the pool. [indistinct chatter] I'm gonna hold you up. Let's see what your legs are like, all right? Caitlin? Caitlin Graece? Detective Suresh, Cheshire Police. Has something happened? It's about when you worked in Düsseldorf. You don't seem surprised that I wanna talk to you about your time at Rustin Wade. Oh, well, I'm not sure I can help you. But you don't know what I want yet, do you? I just need to-- [indistinct chatter] Caitlin? Caitlin, are you there? [groans] -They're in the pool. -What? -The kids, I left them in the pool. -Someone will be with them. Why did you run? I thought... If I paid, it would never happen. What are you talking about? I thought if I did everything I could to repay, to make it up, somehow... Somehow, you'd never come after me. What have you done, Caitlin? I loved being a nurse. You worked on the drug trial at Rustin Wade? I dished out those drugs. I put them into their hands, into their mouths. What happened? It was on the news, on TV news. I saw it, and I realized it was him. [engine starts] I saw what he'd done. They said, "Never talk about this. You cannot ever mention this." [laughter and chatter] No police came. No one ever asked us about the drugs. I was told if we ever talked about it, the company would go under. Thousands of people would lose their jobs. All the good work they do would be lost. Who did you see on the TV, Caitlin? Tell me. You have to tell me. There was a bus crash, two and a half years ago when I was working for Rustin Wade. I recognized the driver on the TV news. I gave him pills as part of the trial. I put them into his hand myself. [Nina] What did he do, Caitlin? What did he do on the drugs? [Caitlin] He drove his bus full of kids off the side of a cliff. I found this. -Henry? -Get out of bed. And get your clothes on. [sighs] [phone ringing] [phone continues ringing] [kids screaming] Mama. [man speaking in German] Let's go! Hurry up! [child] Mama. Mama. [Linda, in German] Det. Felber, the bus has been secured. Eleven children dead, five injured. We think there are more trapped. Driver's name, Arne Durnst. Okay. Good. I'm ready. I need to get down there. [sighs] [Bobby] Crowley? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 