Genius: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Genius 
 s1e6 - Einstein: Chapter Six - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Genius (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Einstein: Chapter Six - full transcript 
 Einstein moves his family for work, and to be closer to his new love, Elsa. He sets out to prove his theory as his marriage reaches a breaking point. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'd like to talk to you about something other then relativity. I wish I could move beyond the damn theory. This is the idea I had been missing to complete relativity. Acceleration and gravity are the same thing. And an astronomer could prove it. Planck: I found you an astronomer. Name is Freundlich. Einstein: I will never feel anything but love for you, Mileva. Mileva: You had plenty to say to that chesty brunette. Einstein: I have never been unfaithful to you. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Elsa: Professor Haber, have I ever mentioned that my cousin is Albert Einstein? Einstein: Haber? He's legendary. Mileva makes life at home unbearable. Elsa: Not every marriage is meant to last forever. Haber: He's just the kind of man we want in the academy. Lenard: He's a dreamer. Not a rigorous scientist. Planck: It's an official offer. Einstein: The Prussian Academy. I don't know if I can accept. Planck: I can't go to Berlin without an answer. Einstein: I can't move to Berlin, Elsa. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 There are other people to consider. Most importantly, my sons. It would only be because I want to be with you. Elsa: Is that so terrible? ♪ [Theme music plays]. Subtitle sync and corrections by awaqeded for www.addic7ed.com. Freundlich: Of all the planets and stars there is only one Venus, named for the goddess of beauty and love. Kate: Erwin Freundlich, are you attempting to seduce me? Freundlich: I'm merely pointing out that we are in the ideal position to observe Venus. On Venus day, in fact, which was later named Friday, in honor of Frigg, the wife of Odin. Kate: I'm quite certain you didn't bring me all the way out here for a lesson in Norse mythology. Freundlich: I, uh. Kate: You what? Freundlich: Kate Hirschber, will you do me the honor of being my wife? Kate: Yes. Freundlich: That is, uh, quite fortunate. Because I have already made arrangements how does Zurich sound? Freundlich: It's an honor to meet you, Professor Haber. Einstein: Erwin and I are hoping to recruit you as an ally in our mission. Haber: Mission? You make it sound as though you're going to war. Einstein: Aren't I? You know the vitriol that's been aimed at me. Haber: That tends to happen when you make radical claims such as "gravity bends light." You've ruffled quite a few feathers. Einstein: And we intend to unruffle them. By offering up something that the critics can't argue against, proof. Freundlich: In the form of astronomical photographs. Consider Mercury, the closest planet to the sun. Unlike the other seven planets, Mercury's orbit doesn't conform to Newtonian laws. It's off. Le Verrier proposed that Mercury's path is affected by the pull of a yet undiscovered planet, a planet he named Vulcan. Einstein: There is no Vulcan. Haber: Then how do you explain the anomalous orbit? Einstein: Picture, if you will, the vastness of space, and through it, a framework of invisible lines like wire mesh supporting a pillar of concrete. Yet unlike rigid wire, this grid work is curved, like fabric around any object of mass. Freundlich: Which causes Mercury's orbit to change each cycle. Haber: Extraordinary. Einstein: I believe that this same effect occurs when starlight passes by the sun. But the only way to confirm this theory is during a solar eclipse. Haber: Why an eclipse? Einstein: Can you see the smaller stars? Haber: No. Einstein: But if we block out the light from the sun, you can see them more clearly. During an eclipse, Erwin can photograph the position of stars in the daytime sky, and we can compare them to their position in the night sky. Thus proving. Haber: The sun's gravity bends starlight. Clever, indeed. Einstein: Fortunately, for us, just such an eclipse occurs in a few months' time. Freundlich: And the ideal position to photograph the fullest point of that eclipse is in Crimea. Haber: Russia? Such an expedition would cost. Einstein: 6,000 marks, give or take. Haber: An extravagant sum. Einstein: Which surely the illustrious Prussian Academy can afford. Haber: And you expect me to convince them? Einstein: Well, I'll make the proposal, but a few good words from you in advance could help settle the matter. Haber: Albert, your idea, it's astounding. But I fear the wheels of the academy don't turn as fast as your nimble mind. These things take time. Freundlich: We don't have time. There won't be another eclipse for years. Haber: Well, then, I suppose you'd better come to Berlin as soon as possible. Einstein: Of course. I just have to settle a few family matters first. Kate: I suppose I should be cross with Erwin for not telling me the real reason he wanted to come to Zürich. Mileva: And why didn't he? Kate: I imagine he thought I'd object to his working during our honeymoon. Mileva: And having a complete stranger foisted upon you as hostess? Kate: I'm sorry. If it's an imposition. Mileva: No, I'm simply saying it's hardly the honeymoon a bride dreams of. Kate: It's a small concession, really. The price we pay for being married to men with brilliant minds, don't you think? Mileva: I think you should expect honesty in a husband. Kate: Men all have their secrets, don't they? Are you looking forward to Berlin? Mileva: Berlin? Why would you say that? Kate: I'm sorry. Erwin mentioned that you were moving there. Eduard: Papa, papa. Einstein: Ah. Hans Albert: Eduard sank our boat in the pond. Einstein: Well, then, we need to find a more reliable vessel. Why don't we build a kite? Eduard: Yes, a kite. Einstein: Go fetch your coats. We'll buy some materials. Mileva: Berlin? Why didn't you tell me? Einstein: I d- I didn't want to worry you before everything was arranged. Mileva: I'm your wife. You didn't even think to consult me? Einstein: It's the Prussian Academy, Mileva. You know what this means for our future. Mileva: Are you really concerned with our future or yours? We just returned to Zürich. Einstein: Because you were so miserable in Prague, but nothing changes. You're sullen and short with me for reasons that I don't understand. Mileva: How is it that you can grasp the most intricate concepts in science, yet you pretend not to understand me? We were to be partners, Albert. In everything. Hans Albert: We're ready, papa. Mileva: Now I'm not even included in decisions that uproot our children. Einstein: Trust me, Miza. This is for the best. Pictures alone won't appease my skeptics. The theory has to be mathematically solid. Grossman: It's not as if we've been sitting around here eating sausages. Though we have consumed our share of schnitzel. Einstein: Be serious, Marcel. I need proof in hand before Freundlich departs for Crimea. It's the only way to rally the academy behind me. Grossman: Albert, since when are you so concerned with the opinions of the overstuffed establishment? Einstein: You know, my father once told me physics is not a vocation. And he was right. For me, it's everything. And general relativity is. Well, it's the most beautiful idea I've ever had. The culmination of all my hours daydreaming as a boy, all, all the years of study, of battling those who doubted me. I want the world to see, finally, what I see and marvel at the magnificence of what God has created. Grossman: Well, if you want to make them marvel at the magnificence, perhaps you shouldn't rush off to Berlin before our work here is done. Hmm? Why are you suddenly in such a hurry to return to a country whose citizenship you have renounced? Elsa: I counted the hours, Albert. And now, finally, here you are. Einstein: You made it all happen, Elsa. Elsa: Oh, I wish you could spend the night. It would be so lovely to make you breakfast in the morning. Einstein: With you, it's all sunshine. At home, a cloud of anger. Elsa: You should know. Clara Haber has invited the girls and me to dinner with your family. Einstein: You cannot accept. Elsa: Albert, Clara is a keen woman. Refusing her invitation would only arouse suspicion. Clara: And, so, how are you finding Berlin? Mileva: To be quite honest, I miss Zürich. It was home. Haber: But you're originally from Serbia, of course? Mileva: Yes. Haber: I'm sure you read in the papers of the Archduke's assassination. Einstein: Shocking news. Haber: They're saying it was at the hands of a Serb, protesting Austria's annexation of Bosnia. Do you think we'll continue to see anarchy in the Slavic territories? Mileva: In my opinion, Dr. Haber, I imagine the Slavic nations will continue to defend against anyone who views them as mere "territories" to be acquired. Einstein: Naturally, Mileva would never condone assassination. Mileva: And yet I do understand the impulse to protect one's homeland against the aggression of imperialists. Haber: You cannot be suggesting that these rebels are justified. Elsa: Fritz, surely a strong patriotic spirit is a quality any good German can appreciate. Now, let us speak no more of politics. I've heard the opera has mounted a new production of Tosca. Mileva, do you enjoy Puccini? Mileva: I do. Thank you. Elsa: For what? Mileva: For making me feel welcome. Elsa: Think nothing of it. Mileva: Albert's mother has always been so critical of me. I fretted for days about meeting more of the family. Elsa: Oh, well, you must put your fears to rest. Mileva: You're very kind. It means a great deal to me. Einstein: Herr Freundlich's expedition will travel through Austria, crossing into Russia, arriving at the Crimean peninsula. There he will have approximately two minutes to complete his observations during the eclipse. Planck: And have you calculated the cost of this excursion? Einstein: 6,000 marks. Planck: Hmm, does that include caviar? Einstein: I must assume my esteemed colleagues of the academy see the value in furthering new research rather than simply regurgitating the old. Lenard: Old, as in the distinguished scholars sitting in this room? Haber: What I believe Professor Einstein is trying to say is that his generalized theory of relativity merits investigation, and financial investment, as well. Planck: Would you mind giving us a few moments, Professor Einstein? Vladimir: Good afternoon, Madame. Please excuse the intrusion. My name is Vladimir Varicak, and I've just traveled from. Mileva: Zagreb. I hear it in your voice. Vladimir: Is it possible I have the good fortune to encounter a fellow Slav here in the heart of Prussia? Mileva: Is there a heart beating in Germany? I have yet to hear it. Vladimir: I don't suppose Professor Einstein is at home? Mileva: I'm afraid not, but I can direct you to the university. Vladimir: Well, yes. I had an appointment with Professor Einstein at the university, but unfortunately, he was not in attendance. Mileva: You're more than welcome to wait, if you like. He should be home shortly. Vladimir: Thank you. Lenard: You can't seriously consider funding this charlatan, hmm? Haber: I admit Herr Einstein is eccentric, but his theories are driven by the same curiosity that led Professor Planck to his discoveries about quanta. The same thinking that led you to your photoelectric effect. Lenard: There is nothing about Einstein that is the same as us, Professor Haber. Although I understand your natural sympathies are with him. Haber: What do you mean by that? Lenard: I think you know precisely what I mean. Has he promised you a share of his profits? Planck: That will be enough, Philipp. Lenard: Need I remind you both that the kaiser's directive to the academy is to further practical science, not uproot the very foundations upon which it is built. Vladimir: Plum brandy? After all these years, a glass of fermented prune juice is what you miss most? Mileva: I miss almost everything about home, if you must know the truth. The smell of the spruce trees. The boats on Lake palic. Vladimir: And what about your family? Mileva: My brother Milos has enlisted in the army. I'm worried for him. Do you think it will come to war? Vladimir: Well, we both know the spirit of a Serb is never to surrender to tyranny. Oh, good lord. I hadn't noticed the time. Mileva: I. Vladimir: You must excuse me. Mileva: I can't imagine what's kept Albert, but I apologize on his behalf. Vladimir: I'm staying at the Excelsior, should Professor Einstein find time to reschedule. Mileva: I'll be sure to tell him. Vladimir: At the risk of sounding forward, may I say I'm almost thankful your husband was otherwise occupied. Good day, Frau Einstein. Einstein: 2,000 marks. Such a pittance won't even get Freundlich to the Russian border. They're obviously trying to deter me altogether. It's an insult. Elsa: Perhaps I could introduce you to Gustav Krupp. Einstein: The industrialist? You think he would pay for the expedition? Elsa: He fancies himself an intellectual, and he funds the Prussian Academy. Why not go directly to the source? Einstein: Can you arrange a meeting? Elsa: Only on the condition that I accompany you. Einstein: You can't bear to be away from me. Elsa: True, but I also know you're not always as adept at social niceties as you are with equations. I can help iron the inevitable wrinkles. Einstein: What would I do without you? Elsa: Margot, dear. I was just congratulating cousin Albert on his upcoming expedition. Mileva: Where have you been? Einstein: The academy. Mileva: You had a visitor, a mathematician with whom you broke an appointment. Einstein: Varicak? He's of no consequence. Mileva: He waited for hours. Einstein: He writes almost weekly trying to poke holes in my theory. I only agreed to the meeting him to get him to stop. Mileva: He traveled for hours. The least you... Einstein: I'm afraid it will have to wait. I'm leaving tomorrow for Essen. I'll be gone several days. Mileva: You're barely home as it is. Einstein: Mileva, I have spent the entire day defending myself to the academy. I will not be forced to do it in my own home. Mileva: I was under the impression it was our home. Einstein: Mileva, I am trying to prove the most important discovery of my life. You of all people should understand how important it is. Mileva: I moved here with you, didn't I? Einstein: Yet not one word of support since we set foot in Berlin. Mileva: How am I to offer it if you're never here? Can't you see how miserable I am? Einstein: You're miserable everywhere. If you want to know the truth, I'm looking forward to this trip, as I do any reprieve from your dark moods. [Cheering]. Krupp: Well, what do you think? Einstein: I. I think that your killing machine is as magnificent a monstrosity as they come, Herr Krupp. Krupp: I am going to present "big Bertha" to the reichstag next week. Einstein: A fanciful name for such a weapon. Krupp: I named her after the most combustible person I know. My wife. Bertha: I must admit, Elsa. I was surprised to see you here. A bit of a precarious position, is it not? Accompanying Professor Einstein on such a public errand? Elsa: I can't imagine anyone who would find fault in my supporting the endeavors of family. Bertha: Yes, your cousin. I can assure you that rumors remain at the speculation stage, yet I would tread carefully. A scandal once unleashed is difficult to reign in and always ends up much worse for the woman than the man. Elsa: Thank you, Bertha. But I'm afraid you'll have to excuse me. Einstein: And so clearly the deflection should be precisely. .83 seconds of arc. And to get here, we employed riemannian geometry, since it contains certain invariants under coordinate transformations that. Elsa: And when these measurements are taken and photographs published, Albert will be hailed a genius. Certainly in line for the Nobel prize. Einstein: Elsa is perhaps too kind. Elsa: Professor Einstein is perhaps too modest. His name will be forever pressed into the history books for changing the way we understand the world. The question is, does Herr Gustav Krupp want his name printed alongside Albert's? Krupp: As you know, I have many acquaintances in the academy. And there are those who believe your theories to be, there's no polite way to say it, pure fantasy. Einstein: At the risk of sounding boastful, there are those who said I wouldn't prove the existence of molecules. They denounced my theory of special relativity. If I'm right again, this expedition will revolutionize science in the way that your big Bertha will revolutionize warfare. What do you say, Herr Krupp? Krupp: I like a man who stands by his dreams, Herr Einstein. Einstein: The academy be damned. I must wire Freundlich immediately. Elsa: I told you we could do it. Einstein: You are my champion, Elsa. Thank you for believing in me. Elsa: Albert, stop. Einstein: What's wrong? Elsa: You're becoming famous. You draw more attention than an ordinary man kissing his mistress. Einstein: Elsa, you are not my mistress. Elsa: Are you not still married? Einstein: I'm here with you. Look what we just accomplished together. You know what you mean to me. Elsa: I do. But I'm beginning to see what perhaps I should have all along. Einstein: Elsa. Elsa: I allowed myself to be swept up in the whirlwind that you create. I was blinded by my feelings, but Bertha has opened my eyes. Einstein: We can't care what others say. Elsa: We must. I need to think of my daughters. What happens to them if I become the object of ridicule? What about your family? Einstein: Mileva's furious with me regardless of. Elsa: We've certainly given her reason. Einstein: She doesn't know. Elsa: Even so, she is not the monster you made her out to be. Does she deserve the scorn that will surely be heaped upon her if word spreads? Do your boys? Einstein: Elsa, I moved my family to Berlin for you. Elsa: You came to join the academy. Einstein: Because it brought me near to you. And now, now I can't imagine a single day without seeing you. Elsa: I'm sorry, Albert. But as long as you're still married, we cannot be together. Clara: I believe even Fritz is secretly jealous of your husband's breakthrough. Mileva: I am, too. I miss working with him, being a scientist, myself. Clara: Yes, my years in the laboratory with Fritz were among the best of my life. And now we are playing cards while they pursue their passions. Mileva: Listen to the two of us. I do wish Elsa could have joined us. She brings such levity. Clara: I called on her yesterday, but apparently, she's gone away for a few days. Mileva: Where? Clara: To Essen, I'm told. Mileva: Essen? That's where Albert is. Clara: Mileva. I'm sorry. I assumed you had some idea, or I would have spoken up sooner. Mileva: How could I not have seen it? Clara: Perhaps you didn't want to. Mileva: How long? Clara: If I'm not mistaken, it was Elsa who helped make arrangements for your move. Mileva: She was so kind to me. Clara: Elsa is not a bad woman. They rarely are. And you must find a way to cope with that. As we all must. Mileva: Fritz? Don't you want to kill him? I. Clara: You may rage in moral superiority, as I did, you can sulk in futile silence, or you might find it more satisfying to allow yourself the same freedom. Mileva: I couldn't. Clara: Don't you deserve to feel loved? Vladimir: Frau Einstein. To what do I owe the pleasure? Mileva: I came to inform you that my husband has been called away on extended business. I'm afraid he won't be able to meet with you. Vladimir: Disappointing news. Mileva: Albert can be awfully thoughtless sometimes. I felt you were owed an apology in person. Vladimir: Well, it seems that neither of us has a dinner companion this evening. Would you care to, to join me? Vladimir: They say Tesla is as mad as he is brilliant. Mileva: Perhaps that's simply a persona he's created to distinguish himself from the likes of Edison. Vladimir: Hmm, a fascinating theory. Mileva: Then again, he is a temperamental Serb, and there's nothing entirely sane about the lot of us. Vladimir: I've had a wonderful time with you this evening, Mileva. Mileva: I'm afraid I've taken leave of my senses, dining in public with a stranger while my husband is away. Vladimir: Stranger no more, I hope. Mileva: Good evening. When were you going to tell me about Elsa? Are you in love with her? Einstein: I'm sorry. Mileva: Do you know where I was last night? Einstein: I have no idea. Mileva: I went to a hotel. To meet a man. A man who finds me fascinating, who takes pleasure in my company. Einstein: Who was he? Mileva: The mathematician from Zagreb, but I couldn't. Einstein: Perhaps you should have. Mileva: Do I really mean so little to you? Einstein: Dollie. Mileva: Do not call me that. Not unless you can look me in the eye and tell me you still love me. Einstein: It's time we were honest with each other. Love has abandoned this marriage in equal parts. Mileva: What about the, the life we've built? Einstein: There is no sin in drifting apart, only in punishing each other for it. I want a divorce. She refused. Haber: Why are you so intent on a divorce, anyway? Why not do what the rest of us do? Take a mistress. There's been no talk of divorce under my roof. Einstein: Elsa won't see me as things stand. She certainly won't resume our relations as long as I'm still married. Haber: Elsa means that much to you? Einstein: She looks after me. She believes in me. She, she makes me happy. Perhaps Mileva can find someone to make her happy, too, but not as long as she clings to this marriage. I must make her see that somehow and set us both free. Haber: How do you plan to do that? "If you wish to remain married, you must agree to the following conditions. A: You will ensure that my laundry is kept in good order, that I receive three meals in my room, and that my study is kept neat, left for my use only. B: You will renounce personal relations with me insofar as they are not necessary for social reasons. C: You will not expect any intimacy from me, nor will you reproach me in any way." Clara: Has he gone mad? How could you agree to be party to such a thing? Mileva: "D: You will stop talking to me when I request it. You will leave my bedroom and study immediately and without protest if I request it." It's absurd. To honestly believe one's own wife is so without reason that she must be shocked into accepting a divorce? Clara: Not even the decency to issue the demands himself. Mileva: Such theatrics can only be intended to incense me. Clara: He's given you no choice, Mileva. How can you retain any dignity if you hold on? Give the man his damn divorce and be done with it. Mileva: I'll do what you want. Einstein: I'm sure in time you'll realize it's for the best. Mileva: Not the divorce. I mean your list. I'll wash your laundry, clean each floorboard, deliver three hot meals to your study. Einstein: Mileva. Mileva: I'll respect the letter of the law in Albert Einstein's household. Those were your terms, were they not? Einstein: Yes, if you are intent on forcing us to remain in this intolerable situation. Mileva: I am. For the boys. They need their father. Einstein: I would be near, no matter what. Mileva: You aren't near as it is. We both know if you move out, weeks will go by without them laying eyes on the man they adore. Einstein: Would that be worse than growing up with two people who can't bear to be in the same room as each other? Mileva: I am not letting you walk away from the boys. And yes, I am aware this relationship henceforth is merely a formality. Now, if you'll excuse me, I must shop for your meals. Einstein: You know what force makes the kite fly? It's called lift, a curious effect of air passing over the kite's surface. Huh? What do you say we go and get some cake, huh? Hans Albert: Yes, please. Einstein: All right. Let's bring her in. Hans Albert: You know what, papa? I don't think you're nearly as cruel as mama says you are. Mileva: I hope you understand this was, what it was and nothing more. Perhaps in another time. Vladimir: Of course. Since it's clear I'm never meeting with your esteemed husband, I hope you'll show this to him. I've devised a proof which demonstrates that his theory does not satisfy mach's principle. Mileva: Are you certain? Vladimir: I came to warn him that if he proceeds with this expedition, he will be testing a calculation based on a flawed foundation. His results will not match his predictions. He could become a laughingstock. Mileva: Albert, there's something I must show you. Einstein: How long have you been poisoning my sons against me? Mileva: I don't know what you're talking about. Einstein: They seem to think that I'm a cruel person. I wonder where they got such an idea. Mileva: Do you honestly believe I need to conspire to make the boys see what they witness with their own eyes? The way you treat me? Einstein: You twist reality. But this stops now. You are never to speak ill of me in front of the children again. Mileva: I will add it to the list. You should look this over before Freundlich. Einstein: My patience is exhausted, Mileva. Mileva: It's for your own. Einstein: Item d. You will stop talking to me when I request it, and you will leave my study immediately without protest. Be sure to send a telegram the moment you arrive in Crimea. Freundlich: Not to worry. By the end of the month, the world will be cheering Albert Einstein. No one will ever doubt you again. Tobias: The kaiser's declared war. Freundlich: On Serbia? Tobias: No, sir. On Russia. Assistant: We are officially across enemy lines. Freundlich: Keep your voices down. Tobias: If we change trains at the next stop, we could be back into Austria by nightfall. Freundlich: No, the worst thing we can do is panic. Tobias: But Herr Freundlich. Freundlich: We only need to keep quiet, make it to Crimea, take our photographs and get the hell out. [Lieutenant speaking Russian]. [Lieutenant speaking Russian]. Einstein: Has there been a telegram from Freundlich? Mileva: No. Einstein: Are you sure? Is it possible that you missed a messenger? Mileva: I haven't left the apartment all day. There's been no telegram. What's happened? [Lieutenant speaking Russian]. Freundlich: We are astronomers. You must believe me. We, tell him, tell him. [Speaking Russian]. [Speaking Russian]. Freundlich: Stars, the stars up. No, no, no, please, don't touch this. This does not. [Lieutenant speaking Russian]. Einstein: Thank you for coming. Planck: Your message sounded urgent. Einstein: Gentlemen, I fear that Herr Freundlich and his men have run into trouble in Russia. I haven't received word from them since the war broke out. Haber: If you haven't heard from them, you can't be sure there's a problem. Einstein: His instructions were to wire me the moment he arrived in Crimea. Planck: How do you expect us to find three astronomers in the middle of a war? Einstein: Max, this is the kaiser's academy, for God's sake. Men of your stature must have a connection at the reichstag. Planck: If we go to the reichstag, they are likely to question the wisdom of your insistence on embarking on this expedition at such a volatile time. Einstein: Who cares what people think of me when lives are at stake? Just help me find Erwin. General: This is a camera, no? Freundlich: Yes, but. General: To take pictures of troop movements, encampments. Freundlich: No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, nothing like that. General: You enter Russia from Germany with trunks full of photographic devices, and you want us to believe that you are not a spy? Freundlich: I, I'm a scientist. I'm here to photograph an eclipse in a matter of days. Please, if you would release me and my assistants, it's not too late. General: Who ordered you to come here? Freundlich: I-I'm here on behalf of the great physicist, Albert Einstein. General: You work for Albert Einstein? Freundlich: Yes, you know of him? Einstein: Well? Planck: The kaiser has heard through diplomatic channels. Freundlich is alive, as are his men. Einstein: Wonderful news. Planck: In part. They're being interned in a prisoner-of-war camp. Einstein: On what grounds? Planck: Espionage. Einstein: That's absurd. Planck: Albert, you sent him into a war zone a trunk full of surveillance equipment. Einstein: Well, let's clear up the misunderstanding and get them out of there. Planck: It's not that simple. There may be a way to resolve this. But it requires the cooperation of both the kaiser and the czar. Einstein: Whatever must be done. Planck: Albert, there is no guarantee that he's coming home. Freundlich: Where are you taking me? [Lieutenant speaking Russian]. Freundlich: No, please, please, I have a wife. General: Go, go, [Russian]. Move. Freundlich: Go, let's go, go, go. Einstein: Mileva, Erwin's been freed in exchange for Russian prisoners. Mileva: Thank God. Einstein: I know. Isn't it wonderful? Mileva: And the photographs? Perhaps it's a blessing. Einstein: Why would you say that? Mileva: Your foundation for general relativity is flawed. Einstein: What? Whatever would lead you to such a conclusion? Mileva: Herr Varicak. Naturally, I didn't believe his ideas had merit, but then he showed me his proof, and Albert, your theory does not, in fact, satisfy mach's principle. Einstein: You saw this proof, and yet you said nothing? Mileva: I tried. Einstein: You, you tried? Y-you're telling me that I could have been ruined, and you stayed silent? Mileva: I was obeying your orders. Einstein: So out of spite you let me send those young men into danger? Mileva: How were either of us to know the kaiser would declare war on Russia? Einstein: You wanted me to fail. Mileva: Yes! Yes, somewhere deep within me I wanted to see the look on your face when you experienced real pain. Disappointment. The harsh judgement of the world. I wanted to see those dreams crumble for you as they have for me. Einstein: You hate me that much? Mileva: I don't hate you. I hate the person I've become because of you. You're right, Albert. We can't stay together any longer. Elsa: Albert. I thought we decided. Einstein: Mileva's agreed to end things. Elsa: She accepted the divorce? Einstein: Not entirely. A separation. Elsa: Oh, Albert, that's not. Einstein: It's a start. I'll be getting a flat of my own. We'll have all the time in the world. Elsa: You know there is quite a difference between separation and divorce. Einstein: Can we please simply enjoy this moment? I know it's been difficult, but I beg your patience just a little while longer. It's only a matter of time before we're able to be together. Hm? Einstein: Mileva? Boys, boys? Mileva: Let's get our seats. Einstein: Mileva, Mileva, Mileva, don't do this. Mileva: It's already done, Albert. Einstein: You don't have to go all the way to Switzerland. Mileva: It will be easier for everyone. Einstein: You can't. Mileva: You pushed so hard. Now you have what you wanted. Einstein: I wanted to end our marriage. I didn't want to lose my whole family. Mileva: The move to Berlin was for you. I never wanted it. Einstein: But what about the boys? Mileva: You can't have everything, Albert. Einstein: You have your kite with you? Eduard: Yes, papa. Einstein: Good, I'll come and fly it with you very soon. I'll write every day. Hans Albert: Will you remember where we left off on circumference? Einstein: I will. I'm sorry, Dollie. I wanted so much for us. Mileva: Good-bye, Albert. Subtitle sync and corrections by awaqeded for www.addic7ed.com. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 