The Real Housewives of Orange County: Season 15, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Real Housewives of Orange County 
 s15e5 - An Unexpected Guest - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Real Housewives of Orange County (2006–2020): Season 15, Episode 5 - An Unexpected Guest - full transcript 
 After her explosive meltdown at Shannon's housewarming party, Braunwyn finds herself trying to make amends and move forward. Braunwyn opens up to Gina about her life-long struggle with ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Previously on "The Real Housewives of Orange County." - Gosh, I was in a lot of pain. Like, I couldn't even like, bend over and put my underwear on. - Is that why you didn't wear underwear? - Yeah! - My psychic, he said I was gonna meet a guy that he was gonna give me a ten-karat diamond ring. - Well, that's like anyone in Newport. - No sh... - [laughs] That's literally not even psychic. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - We're not going forward with the deposition. He won't have an attorney anymore. He'll be self-represented. - I'm really happy 'cause I feel like this is in the best interest of our kids. - I would never ever call anyone's home sad. Ever. - Either you're lying to me or you don't remember... - No. - Because you said it. - I think I have to call Shannon about the vow renewal. - Okay. - And, you know, Shannon's supposed to be there with John 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and all six of their kids. I want that. - I don't move on from people saying I'm a liar. I'm 30 days sober today, bitch. - Good-bye! Are you? You're acting like it. - Stop. Stop! - Okay. And there you go. [coy electronic music] - Don't judge me by what I do. In fact, just don't judge me at all. ♪ ♪ - Cheers to bad choices then making better ones. ♪ ♪ - Those who live in small houses should definitely throw stones. - Life is full of beautiful curves... New hip! And so am I. - I earned my money the old-fashioned way: marrying it, then making more. - I've closed the old Beador and opened a new one. ♪ ♪ [upbeat electronic music] ♪ ♪ - Kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty. Fisker, I need to teach you how to clean the litter box. 'Cause Mommy doesn't like to do it. It's yucky. So much poop for such a little animal. Fisker, where'd you go? I think Annabelle needs to do this from now on. ♪ ♪ - Yello. - Hey. Where are you? Looks like Costco. - Better. Walmart. - Ugh. I didn't know there was anything better. - Well, you're right. Costco, they feed you. - That's why I go to Costco. - So what's up? - I went over to Kelly's house last night. Braunwyn came over. For the first time, I actually felt compassion for her. - Yes. - She admitted... she was taking things out on you personally. And she had no reason to do that. - I was judging and mingling and cruel. - You were, yeah. - I was, and I have to apologize to her for that. Both: Yeah. - So I texted her. And I asked her to... [clears throat] Go to a meeting with me. - Yeah. - That was rude and inappropriate. - Sean, wow. - Thank you. You wife has been attacking me for weeks. - No, it wasn't. I was... She was not. - Issue is gonna be harder to deal with if he's always there kind of cleaning up her messes. - You should say all those things to her. I think Sean's a great guy, and I think he's a good dad, but why isn't Sean having some kind of intervention with his wife? - I got my own stuff still going on. I don't need any of that. I have a meeting with Mike Fell about what happened to me last year. Like, I'm still having emotional responses from like, a lot of things that I went through, too. - Right. - And now having somebody, like, picking on me and coming at me is, like, not okay. - I don't think it's anything personal. I don't think it has anything to do with you. - Yeah. - You know what I mean? - And I've said a couple things to her that exposed truths that she doesn't wanna have to hear or deal with. - Well, she doesn't, and she told me that, because she said that she didn't like me last year because I was the only one that kept calling her out on the drinking. - Calling her out. - I really pushed you away. Instead of hearing what you were saying, I kind of attacked you because it was easier. It was easier for me. - So she obviously has a hard time having relationships with people who aren't just gonna be like, "Oh, you're so fun and funny." - I just don't like inauthentic people. - Right. I just think when you see her on Saturday, she's really gonna apologize, and from what I felt, it felt really heartfelt and sincere. - I was nervous about Saturday because I'm like, what's the point? - Well, I mean, you would crush her. That's not even, like, a fair fight. [laughter] [upbeat electronic music] ♪ ♪ - Hey. - Hey! - Oh, my God. Thank you so much. Thank you for coming down from LA. I tried to find, like, anything for Jacob online. - Yeah. - And you can't. You can't find stuff. - Oh, my gosh, yeah. - And it's not like Orange County has drag outfits. - Yeah. - Are you excited? - Yeah! - You're not nervous about doing this at all? - No. I'm excited. - [laughing] - I'm not nervous at all. - Haven't you heard him? He's been waiting to do this for a while. - This Christmas, Jacob asked me for a pair of heels. - I can walk in heels very good since I naturally walk on my toes. - He had never expressed any desire to get into the world of drag. But ever since Jacob was a baby, he has loved fashion. When we were in Miami, Rowan and Scarlett would do his hair, his makeup, his clothes. He put on heels and a hat, and he would go, like, stroll around Target. - Oh, yes. I'm changing into these two. - Do you need help? - Nope. Both: Nope? - I asked Jacob, "What does this mean to you? "Is it pageantry? Is it identity? Is it your, you know, gender?" And his answer was, "I don't know." - Rowan, you gotta see these things. - Oh, my God. - Right? - It's like I'm in a fairy tale. - But what he does know is that he has family that love him any way he is. Let us know when you're coming out, 'cause I wanna video it. - I'm coming out right now. - Okay. - Ahh! - Oh, my God! - Whoa! - Oh, my God! It's amazing. - I pulled my hair back so I can see. - Oh, my God! I have never seen you this hot. - Right? [laughter] - I'm serious. This is the hottest you've ever been. - Careful with your heels. - Oh. - Ooh! - Oh! - Okay. - Oh, my God. This is amazing. Oh, ah! - Whoa! [laughing] - Ooh. - Oh, my God! You look amazing. - This is my favorite. - Yeah. - All right. Do, like, your sexy poses. - I wanna do drag 'cause it's kind of like a therapy. - So that's not sexy, honey. - All right. - Do the first one. Do the first one. Ooh, yeah. That's good. - It unlocks another part of yourself, and makes you stronger and more aware of who you are. - Dude, you are going to kill it. - Hottie! [laughter] - I had incredibly bad depression for about a year, and drag helped me get out of that. I have a lot of people that are very understanding, and I think that's the most important thing. You always need people who honestly do love you. - I like how he puts his normal clothes back on. - Now he's in... Now he's all to his normal shaggy self. - Jacob's journey right now inspires me at this time in my life because I'm coming into my own. He could've taken the easy route, but he didn't. He took the honest and true route, and I wanna follow in his footsteps. My son is a role model to me. Next up, hair, makeup. And you are gonna be the prettiest princess at the ball. - No! He's gonna be the baddest queen. - Baddest queen. - Okay? - Sorry. - Work it. [birds chirping] [birds squawking] [upbeat pop music] ♪ ♪ - Hi, Mike. - Nice to meet you again. - Always nice to see you too. [laughter] - We've got three months and four days to get your license back. - That's really... I mean, it's been a while now, you know? - It has been. Yeah. - And so... over a year since it happened. And poor Travis. - Mm-hmm. - He has to drive me everywhere. To get my license back, I had to do community service, take part in a defensive driving course, and AA meetings, even though I'm not an alcoholic. - One of the most glamorous things that we do is pick up poop. - I'm not used to having to search for it. It's usually just like a land mine in a diaper, you know? I've been shoveling sh... For years. I mean, I have three kids. I'll shovel the sh... all day. - We wanted to put an end to the DUI which you have. - Right. - But there's another road... - Yeah. - That we're traveling. - On Saturday, June 22nd, your ex was arrested in Orange County on suspicion of domestic violence. It's important to point out, Matt denies all of these allegations. Matthew's attorney said in a statement to E News, "These are just allegations brought by the DA. "It's not evidence of a crime. "Matt maintains his innocence. Whatever happened was an unfortunate event." - In California, we have this constitutional amendment called Marsy's Law. - Mm-hmm. - And part of Marsy's Law is, they wanna know how the victim feels. To give a statement to the court about how this has impacted your life. You don't have to, but you certainly may. - I know, and it's hard, because it's like, I think about those people, and I think about those women, and I feel so bad, you know? - Right. - It's really, really sad, and it shouldn't be that way. Um, it just feels like it was a really long time ago. - Mm-hmm. - And where we are now is, we're coparenting... - Right, right. - So well. You know what else we have to talk about? Sienna's birthday. - Yes. - You're welcome to come. - All right. Appreciate it. Sounds good. - It's hard to stand up to him. - Oh, yeah. This may be something that helps him in the long run... - Yeah. - Even though it's unpleasant for all parties involved. - Right. What happened that night... I struggle with it to this day. I still wake up in the middle of the night. I have bad dreams. That's hard. - Yeah. It's gonna be... it is. It's very hard. - I wanna give a statement. I feel like it's one of those things that I know in the back of my mind would be good and healthy for me, but I don't know if I can. ♪ ♪ - What they say is this. A lot of the victims end up calling themselves survivors, not living their life as a victim. - Yeah. - And that's what you're doing. You're gonna come out the other end as a survivor. [dramatic music] - Coming up... - Stella said to me, "Someday you're gonna get older and realize what you've done to me." ♪ ♪ [upbeat pop music] ♪ ♪ - Look at these bad boys. There were so many at the store. - Give me a little "Yeehaw," Sophie. - Yeehaw! [laughter] - If I don't come back with a Southern accent, I swear. - Sophie's gonna do well in Texas. I think it'll be really, really good for her to get out there and be on her own, take care of herself. She's already talking about how she wants to date a football player. How is the book coming? - It's going. - Schools really look for leaders. - Well, I'm in the process of writing a book about living with divorced parents. I have to meet with some publishing companies and propose the book to them. - That's good. Can't wait to read it. My fear is that as you guys get older, you're gonna hate me... - That's not true. - Because I feel awful. - I don't hate you. - I know what a horrible effect my parents' screaming and fighting had on me. [tense music] And I remember Adeline used to say she'd put her head in the pillow, try to not hear it. Stella said to me, "Someday you're gonna get older and realize what you've done to me." - I feel some tension between you guys. Tired of always seeing you teary-eyed. - I'm sorry, sweetie. So, you know, I know I had a negative impact. I feel bad about it. I worry that I'm passing on that reactiveness to my kids. The only saving grace that I have is that my daughters are seeing what a happy relationship looks like today. - I think this is gonna be therapeutic for me. And I'm not trying to make you or Dad look bad. I'm just telling the truth. - What's it gonna be called? "How My Mom... ed Me Up?" - No. Gosh. The book's gonna be called, "How to Weather the Shannon Storms Beador." Well, that's pretty. - You haven't seen it? - Oh, did John get that for you? Wasn't that... - Oh, yeah. - A Valentine's Day present? - Are you comfortable around him? - Mm-hmm. I like John. For me, it doesn't matter who my mom is dating, but my mom needs someone who can support her emotionally and financially. He's funny, he likes country music, and he laughs with us. I sometimes don't think John can do both of those, but, I mean, it's not really my business. - I'm proud of you, sweetie. - Thanks. No. Oh, no! I've seen... - Want me to climb up? - [squeals] You're gonna wake Archie up! [upbeat electronic music] ♪ ♪ - I have literally driven past this store so many times. Pull. I can read. - Oh. - Hi. Welcome to The White Dress. - Hey, hi. - Hi, I'm Marlais. - Hey, Marlais. - This is Ashley, our manager. - Hi, Ashley. - Hi, I'm Ashley. I'm gonna be helping you today. - Awesome. - Congratulations. - Oh, my God. - Congratulations to you too. - Thank you. - Congratulations. - [indistinct]. [laughs] - You know what? I had a dream about you. - What? - That you were pregnant. - Uh, no, girl. - Like two nights ago, I did. [laughter] - No. No, no. I couldn't imagine doing school all over again. What's the smallest factor that goes into 81? - I've... I'm not good at math. I had to take college algebra like, ten times. Like, ugh. - All right. If you ladies wanna follow me, we'll set our things down and kind of start talking about what we're looking for. Okay, so I understand you're renewing your vows. - Yes, in three weeks. - Very cool. How many years? - Sean and I have been married for 20 years. It was a very small wedding. - Right. - Very quick, very simple. - Oh. - I just thought, "Yeah, we've been through a lot of ups and downs." So I wanna do this again. - Yeah. - And I just have wanted to have this moment 'cause I never got to have it. - Yeah. - Kelly's getting married soon. She just got engaged recently, so my... - This is my third wedding. - Okay. All right, do you wanna kind of start browsing around? - We... why don't you pick out a few that you think are like... I do love shiny. Berta's always a favorite of mine. - The Berta, yeah. Let me pull some. - Sean and I have had a vow renewal before. We renewed our vows for our ten-year anniversary after we went through a really hard time in our marriage. This vow renewal is important to me because Sean and I are starting a new chapter. After 20 years, I'm still here, and there's nowhere I'd rather be. [magical whooshing] [upbeat hip-hop music] - Kelly! - You look beautiful. - I love it. - Like a fairy, yes. - I love everything about it. - Huh? I don't like all that stuff on the bottom, though. ♪ ♪ - You like it too big like that? - I love this one. I think it flatters my body. I love this. - You can see her panties in that. - You need to try something on too. I feel so pretty in these. - I don't like any of these. - Ugh. It's so pretty. - I just don't like the... I... We'd have to take all this... - But it's beautiful. Do you wanna try this one on? - Let me see it. No. - Oh. [laughs] - This is more... - Okay, that's more Kelly. - Yeah. - I could see that with like, a flower in her hair. - I don't like flowers in people's hair. That's stupid. It's kind of embarrassing being married three times. I feel like I'm Morticia. I think third time's the charm, hopefully. - Thank you. - You're welcome. Now will all the kids be there? - Mm-hmm. - Okay. What are they wearing? - That's... like, we're fighting right now. So I want all my daughters... - [laughing] - To wear dresses that match. My oldest is like, "No." - Okay. - Jacob might wear a dress. My son recently started doing drag. - Is he doing drag because he wants to like, have attention towards him? Because you told me he wasn't transgender, and he told me he wasn't gay. - I asked him if it was an outfit, if it was about the clothes or something more, and he said he didn't know. Jacob is making some decisions that are gonna make people hate him without ever getting the chance to meet him. And he was thinking about it himself, and I didn't push. And yes, as a mother, that freaks me out, but I also know that if you stand in your truth, that you will be a role model and help so many people. - And then I will go ahead and give you my card. So if you have any questions, let me know. - Okay, perfect. - Your favorites are on there. But it was so nice to meet you. - Yeah, you too. Thank you so much for everything. - Bye. - Bye. - Do you wanna go to Jan's and get a drink? - Not even a little bit, Kelly. Not even a little. [upbeat bass music] ♪ ♪ - Um, do you guys have a mall? - Do we have a mall? Does a cow poop in the woods? - Nope. It's not a cow. It's a bear. - Oh, wait. Does a bear poop in the woods? - I don't know. - Mom just had a hot flash. [laughter] Did you guys get good grades? - Yeah. - Promise? - Yeah, Cassandrah got really good grades. - Cassandrah, are you book smart or street smart? - I'm book smart. - I'm math. - You're math? - I'm math smart. [laughter] - My children are my nieces and nephews. They fulfill that maternal instinct that I have inside me as a woman. Do you guys wanna do a helicopter to Catalina? - Oh, yeah. - Yeah. - I set 'em all up with a million-dollar trust, each one of 'em. They don't know it yet, 'cause I don't want them to murder me. [laughing] I'm just kidding. Come look at this side. - God, this is so pretty in here. - I know. So, um, I didn't want, obviously, Cassandrah to hear it, but what are we gonna do about the rehab? - We asked her if she was ready, and she said yes. If she didn't have any intention of following through with it, why did she agree to go? - My sister started using heroin at 14. Not knowing where she's at and that she's missing is tearing my soul apart. Growing up, Anna and I were inseparable. I was her older sister. She always looked up to me. And then she turned 14. She started rebelling and got into drugs. - Wait, Cassandrah does know what's going on. - That's so sad. I just... I can't accept it, but I have to. She's a 40-year-old drug addict. Growing up, my father died of alcoholism. My mom's my rock. She went through a lot with my alcoholic dad. Because he was an alcoholic, he'd had full-on system failure. So to see my sister fall off the deep end and her daughter start to go through what I went through hurt my heart. How can she choose this? - Well, I don't really know. I've actually spent enough of my time dealing with Anna's crap. I can't handle that disappointment anymore. - I feel like I did everything for her. [emotional music] It just makes me sad. Everyone was like, "Oh, Elizabeth. "You have all this money. Why don't you help your sister?" and I'm frustrated because I can't help her. ♪ ♪ - No amount of money will help her. She is where she is because that's where she wants to be. 'Cause she had every opportunity. - Yeah. I hope to one day see her sobered up and, you know, we're playing dress-up again. 'Cause I save all of my clothes for her. ♪ ♪ [emotional music] ♪ ♪ As long as Cassandrah's happy, you're happy... - Well, that's... That's all I can do is take care of Cassandrah. - Yeah. - 'Cause she's the most important thing. - You raised all of us just fine, so... - That's right. [chuckles] [upbeat music] - Coming up... I invited Matt over, and I'm gonna put a smile on my face, but it's, like, hard to, like, think about all that and then to... - I know. [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - SkyBell. - Hi. [laughing] - Do I have to, like, launch myself over? - Hello! - [laughs] ♪ ♪ [doorbell chimes] - Hello! - Hi. I'm just saying, it says, "Enter at your own risk." - Oh. [laughs] - So... So you've never been here? Come on in. - Thank you. This is so nice. - Yeah. - Reminds me of my summer. - Yeah. - You lived right down the street, you said. - At the very end, yeah. - Yeah. - But we didn't have a boardwalk, we just had grass. - Oh, so you had the nice places? [tense notes] Speaking of bougie, here's my garage. - Is there a Ferrari in it? - No, but I'm gonna buy a Ferrari, and I'd love you guys to come. - My mom had a Ferrari growing up. - I'm gonna draw on the side of it, and I'm gonna donate it. [chuckles] - This is the good Orange County stuff. Like, watching this OC, like, primal energy just coming out of them about who has a cooler Ferrari and a bigger beach house. - This is my kitchen. I got salmon and whitefish and chicken. - Oh, ooh. You get that at the market? - Yeah. At the pavilions. - I definitely feel a match brewing for who will be champion richest bitch in Newport. - This is the patio area. - Oh, wow. - I have fresh broccolini and superfood salad. - Wow. - [chuckles] - She put out quite a spread, all nicely labeled on the bowls so we knew what we were eating and how much it costs and how many pounds that she purchased. - Oh, I have this sparkling probiotic. - Not the kind of luncheon I would throw, but A for effort, Elizabeth. - Shannon, can you pass me those crackers? I want bread. - I know. It's like a cracker. - Yes, skinny bitches. Would you please eat my gourmet lunch? - There's no skinny here, but maybe a bitch. [laughter] Have you seen or spoke to Braunwyn since the party? - Well, I texted her afterwards and I just said, "I didn't realize you were going through such hard times. I hope you're well," and "I'm thinking of you" or something like that. - I hope she gets well, too. - Right. - You know, maybe we should all kind of rally and support... - You see, this is what... I'm sorry. - No? - This is where I get... It gets tricky for me. I'm the person that she's choosing to put her sh... on because she doesn't want to deal with it. - Yes. - She's just... ing floundering. - There's a lot of judging going on. It's not nice. It's not fair. I mean, to each his own. I just... I think she should be a little more sensitive. - She wants me to go to an AA meeting with her. - Oh. - And I have to go anyway 'cause it's court-mandated. - You're court-ordered. [laughter] - So that means if you guys get along, that you guys are maybe gonna come to her vow renewal? - I declined the invitation. - She called me and said, "I know it's gonna take time to move past our issue, but I want you to come." - I want to figure out how we can move forward, but till we can get to that place, 'cause it might take a while, I still really, really want you and John and the kids to be there. She invited all of our kids, and all our kids are excited to go, so what do I do? Tell my kids, go like, "No. Mom got in a girl fight, so now we're not gonna be able to go." Like... - Yeah. - I'm not gonna look like a dumbass. I don't know what Braunwyn's expecting. You call me a liar, and I'm supposed to say, "Oh, let's all be fine." You know, time's only gonna tell, but the liar story has to stop. - I had a hell of a day yesterday. - What happened? - I had a meeting with Mike Fell. - Are you close? I mean, are you going to trial, or are you gonna just try and settle? - [stutters] It's not even about the divorce, about the domestic violence. - Okay. Right. - [sighs] It's just, like, really sh... y. You know what? I'm trying my best to just pretend like it's okay, and we're gonna co-parent, and we're great. And we are to a certain extent, you know? - Right. - And then this is my daughter's birthday, Sienna's birthday, and so it's like, I invited Matt over, and he's gonna come over, and I'm gonna put the smile on my face. You know, I'm gonna take the picture, but it's, like... [sniffles] Hard to think about all that and then to... - I know. - I'm sorry, honey. [dramatic music] - Going to Mike's office... It, like, let me know that I'm gonna have to eventually deal with this. - Yep. - That's a problem, and I'm not very good at not dealing with things. - Yeah. - You know, you were actually very good at dealing with them. - No. - Like, you let yourself feel them, I feel like. - See, I'm gonna get teary-eyed right now. You know, Sophie is... My oldest is 18, and she's going to Baylor next year, and she's writing a book on her experience in going through divorce, and I did things that my parents did that have affected me today, and now I know I passed that on to my kids. And it was really hard to... I have to put this on just because of the sun. - Yeah. - It's right on me. - Do you think that with her writing this book and her really getting involved with her feelings... I think she wants to stop the pattern. Like what you said. - Yeah, that's what I said. Yeah. "You could break the cycle." - You can break the cycle, and that's so powerful. - Yeah, and she's a great girl. But she said to me, like, "Mom, it's not a bad thing "that all this happened because I'm a stronger person now because of it." - When I think about Sienna, I just hope my daughter is strong. I really do. And I hope that she looks at this and... And thinks that her mother is strong. - When it's all said and done, Gina, you are gonna look back and go, "Thank God it all happened, because this is where I am, and this is what got me here." Coming up... - I'm like, "Sean, let's just have another baby." Like, that has been my easy way out... - Wow, wow. - When my drinking got too bad. - Oh, 100%. [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - Señor. - Sup, girl? How are you? - Hi. Good. - Good to see you. ♪ ♪ - Coronavirus. It's like a super flu. They say not to touch your face. If I touch my face... Let's, like, count and see how many times I touch... I wanna look at you. - I touch my face all the time. - Yeah. - That's why my makeup smears so much. - [laughs] ♪ ♪ - I could run a Ferrari dealership. - I don't think so. - Don't you think I deserve a divorce present? - Of course you do. - Yeah. - After you. - Oh, thank you. Hey, what's up? - Hi, ladies. - Hey. - How's it going? - What are you looking for? - I'm going to buy myself a midlife crisis car. - Oh, good. - It's Newport. - Yes. - Doesn't everybody have a midlife crisis car? - Uh, I don't. - Be nice to the convertible. ♪ ♪ - Whatever, ladies. - Let's get us a car. - [chuckles] Oh, this is badass. - It's really pretty. - This thing's badass. - Oh, my God. - What is that? - Start her up. Does she purr like a kitty cat? [engine revs] Oh! I need something to sit on. Cars turn me on. I can't help it. Maybe I substitute speed for other things in my life that I'm missing. - So are you dating? - No, no, I'm with Jimmy. - She's got a boyfriend, but she doesn't have sex with him. - What? - [laughs] I know. - But I'm still married, and when I get divorced, we'll have sex. I wish Jimmy was a little faster. [chuckles] - I'll be up at the front. - Okay. - You guys check out whatever you want... - Okay. - And let me know when you're ready. - Thank you. Well, we know Shannon already picked that car. - Yeah. [chuckles] - We should drive this Ferrari out to Palm Springs. - You're all... are we all going? Are you going? - Yeah. - My kids are all going. - Yeah. - They are? - She invited them, yeah. And she got to know them this summer. - Oh, wow. - I think that it would be great to just support her. - I always support Braunwyn. - Yeah, I know. - And I have, too. Remember last year when she, you know, passed out in the plane? I, like, waited with her and got her in the car. - Yeah. - And so I guess she's gonna meet with Gina. - Going to the AA meeting together. - Oh, good. - Yeah. - So can we not drink in front of her now? - Okay, so that's what I'm getting at. - Because we get MC Hammered. - Well, I'm just saying maybe we should be a little, you know, maybe a little more cautious? No? Doesn't matter? - I'm not a quitter, so... [tense notes] - I'm a little disappointed in Kelly's behavior... Let's test drive this biatch. Because I have a little soft spot in my heart for Braunwyn. She reminds me exactly of my sister and that emptiness and that need to feel loved and belonging. - Start button. [engine turns over] [cheers] - Kelly, you're going with me. Kelly and I will be right back. - This is awesome. ♪ ♪ Go. [engine revving] Whoo! I don't have a helmet on. Stop. [laughter] - Dude, this is fly. I love it. - Yeah. - It's so fast. - I got a surprise for you. - We got a car for you now. Let's go. Are we ready? Oh, he's bringing it around for you. - Is it, like, a lowrider? - Something like that. - Okay. - [laughs] There you go. [tires squeal] - Oh, my God. [laughing] Oh, my God. - Let's see what the radius is on this bitch. [tires squealing] - [yelps] [engine revving] - Yeah. - Get her door for her. - Yeah, open the door for her. - Oh, my God. [chuckling] Oh, you guys. I can't. - You ready? All right. Brakes on the left, gas on the right. - Whoo! Whoo. [laughter] ♪ ♪ - Oh, yeah. Oh, my God. I see flashy cars. It's flash and, "Look at me. Big penis driving this car." Oh, the brakes. Oh, my God. I do not need a big penis or a big vagina car. Is that awful to say? You guys, I can't stop it. You gotta get over here. I can't stop it! Nobody wants a big vagina. [laughs silently] [laughter] - How was it? - That was so badass. - Is it a go-kart? - I love it. - I say buy that bad boy. - Yeah, you wanna go talk numbers real quick? - Yeah, let's do it. - And then we'll kind of figure it out. I know it's bougie, but whatever. ♪ ♪ - Hi. This is so awkward. - I know. This isn't awkward at all. - This is so awkward. - Yeah. Like, super-awkward. This is the most awkward thing I've ever done. - Well, I know you want to talk about things. Obviously, I do, too. But, like, to actually take me up on, like, going to AA? I appreciate you even letting me into this part of your life. I certainly wouldn't have thrown alcohol in your face if I knew... Nobody told me. - I know. I mean, I wasn't ready to really tell anyone yet. - Yeah. - I'm lucky, though, because I have Sean. He has been managing me for so long. He has been really good at keeping the image that I needed protected. He's really good at, "Well, I never saw you that drunk." I'd be like, "Yeah, 'cause Sean would take me out." And like, he actually started going to Al-Anon, too, because he's very... - I don't want to get involved in your marriage so much, but I'm really happy to hear that. - Yeah. He'd be like, "I'll come and get you. I'll do this. I will babysit you." - I feel like he became very enabling. - Oh, very, yeah. - Yeah. It's coming out of a place of genuine love, but it's the completely wrong thing for Braunwyn, and I think that they're gonna have to put in probably a lot of work to undo all that damage through the years. Was that part of why you guys had that split? Yeah. - She cheats on her husband. - Sean and I... We separated and we're seeing other people and we came back. This is me thinking that since I had so many years of sobriety 'cause of the babies... - You could... - Then I could control it. This time would be different. - Do you that that's why you continued to have babies? - Oh yeah. And that was... Honestly, when this happened this time, I'm like, "Sean, let's just have another baby." Like, that has been my easy way out when my drinking had gotten too bad. - Wow. - Oh, 100%. - Wow. - Because when it's gotten too bad, it's easier for me to just get pregnant. - To do the thing that you know will ultimately, like, will sober you up. - Yeah, 100%. ♪ ♪ - This is so cute. - It's... yeah, it's right down a little, but I didn't want to park right in front just 'cause... [chuckles] - Yeah, I mean. ...ing anonymous. - Coming up... - I thought maybe we should order, like, an ice cream truck to come. - It's gotta be a cute ice cream truck, not, like, a creepster. - Oh, yeah. I will. Like a pedophile van? - I'm-coming-to-get-you van. [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ [knock at door] - Oh! - Hi, look. I brought Lucy. - We're gonna have a threesome. [chuckles] - I don't know about that. How are you, babe? - I'm good. How are you? - You look good. - Thanks for coming over. - We need to go walking. - Oh. - How's the hip? Feeling good? - Oh, yeah. I feel amazing. I like this suit. - The reason I brought that one... - My boobies wouldn't stay in that. - That's the one I... - They'd, like... - One of the first ones I did. If we're gonna do suits that are for every figure, do we need to put some type of cups inside? - You mean some kind of lift? - What if we did a one-piece swimsuit with the longer sleeves all in swimwear fabric? - I met Lizzie five years ago, and we instantly clicked. She's beautiful, she has money, she's had a bathing suit company for 15 years now. You mean, like, a bathing suit with long sleeves? - Yeah, 'cause a lot of people like that. - That's good. Look at you. I don't know anyone who doesn't like Lizzie. [chuckles] Except for Tamra. - You're crap, Tamra. You're the most insecure woman I've ever met in my whole life. - You know what? - Yeah, walk away. That's all you know how to do. - I will walk away. (BLEEP) you guys. ♪ ♪ - Haters gonna hate. I love being an attorney, but there's not a lot of creativity with it. - Right. - So this lets me use the other side of my brain. And I was always a really good artist, and I wanted to go to fashion design school, and I never did any of that. - But, like, here we are. - [chuckles] - I mean, I'm not making swimsuits for, you know, Miss USA anymore. - Right. - And super-sexy, little, cheeky suits. - I say, like, for moms, but when I say for moms, I don't mean it's not sexy. You can still be a mom and be sexy. - Listen, we're sexy moms. - Yeah, exactly. - Listen. - Lizzie reached out to me and said, "I want you to design a bathing suit for your body type," and I was like, "That's an awesome idea." Most women out there are built more like me than, you know. I get lots of messages from women saying, "Thank you for being yourself and not trying to be something that you're not." - That's why, I mean, I think, was really why I wanted you to help me design the suit. - I remember specifically getting a message from a 12-year-old and that I inspired her to be more confident in herself. Messages like that make me happy about just being who I am and being unapologetically not a size zero. - So who do you have coming to shoot? - Me? - Yeah. You're gonna shoot? - And we can put a suit on Elizabeth because she's curvy. - I can't wait, 'cause I'm gonna buy the entire line. - Yeah. - Oh! - 'Cause it looks good on you, it's definitely gonna look good on me, honey. [chuckles] - Her house is beautiful. It's right on the beach. So we can do stuff inside and outside. - Gorgeous. - I thought maybe we should order, like, an ice cream truck to come. - It's gotta be a cute ice cream truck... - No, yeah. I will. - Not, like, a creepster, like. - Yeah, not like a... [chuckles] like a pedophile van. - I'm-coming-to-get-you van. ♪ ♪ - I feel really happy to have gone with you today. - Every time I go to one, I hear something that makes me feel better. - Yeah. ♪ ♪ Hi. How you doing? - Hi, welcome to Milk & Honey. These are all of our drinks here. - What's this? A tea latte I've never had before. - No, I'll get that. Oat milk for me. - Oat milk? - I thought you said oat milk. I was like, "Is this a new Orange County thing I haven't heard about?" - That's what I drink. Oat milk. - Oh, that is a thing. - Yeah. - Okay, I'll try that. Let me try oat milk. - Yeah, it is really good. - It's so cute here. - Thank you for the most awkward play date ever. - Yeah, right? Yeah. - [chuckles] - It's interesting that you picked anger as the topic in the meeting 'cause, like, I feel like I, 100%, have let go of any anger I have towards you. Going into the AA meeting, this gentleman walks up to us and asks if one of us would lead the meeting, and so I nominated Braunwyn. She made this speech about how she had displayed this anger towards me, and she apologized to me. - I hope you feel that way, too. - I do. 100% - She didn't have to do that, you know? And that meant a lot to me. - I need you to know that I was trying to hurt you, and I'm sorry. And I won't do that again. - I really appreciate that. I accept that. And I'm sorry as well. - Thank you. - And I also want to let you know that for whatever reason, that labyrinth walk that you came on with me is one of the most, like, striking moments of my life. Matt and I really thought we would always end up together. - [sniffles] - It's hard to let go. - Yeah. - You were genuinely there for me. You cared for me, and you were sober. - No, I wasn't. - You weren't? - No. - Oh. - I was drinking in my room that day that whole morning. - Wow. - I mean, I wasn't drunk... - But you weren't sober. - But I was... I was drinking. - I really do feel for you right now. I would like to just start over. - I would love that. I think we just judged each other without ever taking the time to get to know each other. - I know at one point, I did have an invitation to your vow renewal, and if the invitation's still open, I would really like to come. - I would love for you to be there. - Okay. And I'm really learning that if you kind of get past all the outside stuff, most women, I would imagine, have a lot more in common than we care to admit. - I also want you to know that at your vow renewal, I'm not going to drink at all. I promise you that. - [chuckling] That's really sweet. - Okay? But I really promise you that. Okay? I want you to feel like... - That's really sweet. - If you're struggling or something, you have someone that's, like, a safe place, okay? - That's really, really sweet. Thank you. [laughing] - Like, obviously, I really genuinely care about you. - Yeah. - Coming up... - He is on his way. [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - I want cake now. - Do you want cake now? - Yeah, you can't, though. We have to wait for Daddy. We're gonna have dinner with Daddy and Brit first. - And I've gots to go. I mean it. - You stop that. - That's true, that's true. I invited Matt because Sienna wanted her dad at her birthday party. And if one of my children wants their dad at something, I'm not gonna tell them no. - He is on his way. He's gonna be here in about ten minutes. Do you want to open one of your presents? - Yeah! - Trav, do you wanna grab that? Travis doesn't want to be around Matt. He knows I don't want to be around Matt, but because he has kids and he's divorced, he thinks about how it would be for him if, like, one of his kids wanted him at the party and then he wasn't allowed there. What did you get? - Scooter! - Let me see. Scoot on over here. - Ooh! ♪ ♪ - [shouts] Daddy! I got the scooter! [chuckling] You wanna see? - Let me see. - [indistinct] - Happy birthday, girl. - Happy birthday. - Yeah. Hello? Okay. - [laughs] ♪ ♪ - Hi. - Hello. [overlapping crosstalk] - Are you cooking? - You have to hold 800 presents. - Hi. - It's supposed to go in there. - You're a sous chef. - [chuckles] - Are you a good girl? - Yeah, yeah! - Hi. - What? - I spent a lot of time just burying my feelings about a lot of things, and it's not right, so I decided to make a victim impact statement. Hi. - Hi. - I at least want him to have to hear how I felt about that night because it is literally the most significant event that's ever happened to me in my entire life. - Daddy! I'm happy! I missed you, I missed you! - When are we doing... When are we doing presents? - I don't know. - [chuckles] - Well, I figured we should eat first. - No. But I'm not hungry. - And then we'll take it from there. - Giving this victim impact statement... It's hard because my desire to just make everything happy for my kids is always taking precedent to my own feelings, but I'm hoping that if he hears it, it will affect him in a way that will effect change. - They made her a crown. - I saw your birthday crown. - A crown. - We handed out goodie bags. - You handed out goodie bags? - Yeah. She had a good day. If Matt were to go to jail, it would be horrible for my kids. - [grunting] - She's really happy you're here. - That's a strong hug. - [strains] - Knowing that this may be the last birthday that Sienna will get to spend with her father for a while, it's sad. I don't want that for my daughter, and I don't want to be the person responsible for that, and I have a lot of guilt about that. - Yeah. - Yeah, I'll help you open them. - This one. - I don't know... Oh, what's up? - What's going on... It's heartbreaking, but I think it will be very beneficial for my children to see that I will stick up for myself and I'm not gonna just let Matt brush this off. Somebody's always swooping in to save him, and I just really feel like he needs to know that I'm not that person anymore. - Get it, girl! Get it, girl! [cheering] ♪ ♪ - Next time on "The Real Housewives of Orange County." - My ass is on fire. Mi ass is en fuego. - I'm, like, good 'cause I've been putting in some work in the bedroom. - [laughs] - Okay, Kelly. - You're sweating. I wish I could sweat like that. - I can help you. - You can? - Now that I'm not drinking, just no one wants to hang out with me. - You're not nearly as fun. - I'm realizing very quickly who my friends are. I thought Shannon and I were friends, and now I know we're not. - I'm not drinking at her party. - Yeah. - She said her trigger is tequila, so she's not gonna have tequila there. - Oh, really? - I'm a diabetic. I'm not gonna have any fricking cake at my party. - I have some tequila here. I know I'm not supposed to show you. - [chuckles] - I didn't know that was a trigger. - The last 20 years of you have been amazing. I have a gift for you. - Kelly, she went and told her partner I'm starting a water company. Like I'm trying to go after her. - Tell Zack about your water that you wanna do. - What are you talking about? Are you... ing kidding me? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 