Human Target: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Human Target 
 s2e2 - The Wife's Tale - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Human Target (2010–2011): Season 2, Episode 2 - The Wife's Tale - full transcript 
 Donnelly, Chance's boss in his hit-man days, tips him off that there is a contract on Rebecca Brooks, economy professor like her late husband Daniel, whom Chance killed, with a top-assassin. He accepts out of guilt to protect her. Winston has to explain things to widow Pucci, why trying to work out how her expensive new equipment works. Guerrero is not amused with unruly greenhorn Ames' meddling, even when he's locating and terrifying an intermediary lawyer. It soon becomes clear the late Daniel's research is the real target, Rebecca's wrath the worst complication. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 One, two , three, go. ♪ My baby don't mess around ♪ ♪ because she loves me so, and this I know for sure ♪ ♪ but does she really wanna ♪ ♪ but can't stand to see me walk out the door? ♪ I'm not playing games here. Don't threaten me. I'm not afraid of you people. I know what this is really worth. How much longer is this gonna take? I'm trying to conduct business here. I just got to get a part out of the van, Mr. Brooks. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We'll be all set. ♪ 'Cause we don't know how ♪ You take care of it? Not yet. Listen, are you sure about this target? You're the only guy in the business who asks these kinds of questions. Brooks got himself into this mess. That's all you need to know. Don't call me again till it's done. So don't threaten me. ♪ Shake it, shake it ♪ ♪ sh--sh--sh--shake it like a polaroid picture ♪ Yoga crap again, huh? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I told you, it's tai chi. There's a guy on the phone, says he's an old friend of yours--Donnelly. Yeah? So when was the last time you been in there? About seven years ago. Things haven't changed much. Same charming clientele, huh? That's pretty safe to say. Ain't nothing safe about that place. Are you worried about me? I'm just saying, that place, those people-- that's part of your past. Don't you think it's better you kept it there? It's just a conversation. So who's this Donnelly guy? - Just a guy. - Yeah, but a bad guy, right? See, 'cause that's a bad-guy bar, so he must be a bad guy. Are you coming? It's your last chance. Hell, no. I hate bad guys. ♪ ♪ ♪ whatever you want ♪ ♪ whatever you need ♪ ♪ if you want me... ♪ Ha ha. You don't write. You don't call. Way to make an old buddy feel forgotten. I haven't forgotten anything. So what's so important that I got to be here right away? This just came down. It's got a lot of heat on it. You know I don't do that kind of work anymore. It's not that side of the job, Chance. They already hired somebody to do the hit, and he's the best in the business-- you, seven years ago. ♪ ♪ Why are you giving me this? I knew you'd be interested, that's all. Might want to fix it. If you can't save her, nobody can. Tell me everything you know about this job. You know I can't give you anything else. I'd be a dead man, if I'm not already. The only thing I can say is it goes down soon-- real soon. You torch the place, I hope? We're taking the case, starting right now. - Okay, what are the details? - I don't know. - Then why is she being targeted? - I don't know. Okay, so you want to tell me why we're taking this case? Seven years ago... I killed her husband. ♪ Human Target 2x02 ♪ The Wife's Tale Original Air Date on November 24, 2010 == sync, corrected by elderman == == for www.addic7ed.com == ♪ ♪ When I scan in this photo, we should be able to get a full I.D. Aw, c-- any idea how one would scan a photo into this fancy, expensive computer that Ilsa bought us? Look at this thing. I wonder if there's a manual for the manual. All right, two hits called in, one on each spouse, seven years apart. They got to be connected. We just got to figure out how. Yeah, well, it would be helpful to know who hired you back then. I got my assignments from Donnelly or the old man. I never knew who ordered the hits. I just made sure that the target was in the game. I didn't have any details on their personal lives. I didn't even know this guy was married. Rebecca Brooks, age 35. Renowned Economics Professor at Northern Cal university. Husband, Daniel-- also Northern Cal. Economics Professor. Economics? Not exactly a life-threatening career choice. She's got a few of these social-networking accounts, a couple dating services. Ugh, not for me. I get my dates the old-fashioned way. Pay for it? Church. Who's the dude? You're drunk. You're not wearing your glasses. They fell into a meat grinder. New pair won't be ready until tomorrow. So I got your message. Where'd the new case come from? Donnelly brought it in. Donnelly? What's his angle? Well, he claims he's trying to save the woman, but he won't give up who called in the hit. I think you might have to lean on him a little bit. All right. Hey, profile says she's got a date today at the Berkeley diner, 12:00 noon. If we could find this this easily, so can an assassin. All right, I'm gonna go to the diner, get there early, pretend to be her date, get her out of there, and try to explain what's going on. I will quarterback from the van. Chance, I know this is important to you, but I don't trust Donnelly, so don't do anything crazy. Who, me? What about me? Obviously I can't drive the Eldo in this condition. Who's gonna take me to Donnelly? I dig your car, by the way. Cadillacs are so rock and roll. I'll forget more about Cadillacs when I go to sleep tonight than you'll ever know in your entire life. Relax. So where am I taking you-- the dentist, pottery class, what? I'm going to see a broker. What, like a stockbroker? Like an assassination broker. A go-between for hit men and people who want something dead. He's in Drake's Bar-- 820 Geary Street. Yeah? Yes, it is. You are not going in-- not ready. Are you serious? I'm not ready? I have been hustling on the streets-- Look, I don't want to hear your bad-girl resume, okay? You're not going in 'cause you're J.V. The guys in there are varsity. Eyes on the road. Mrs. Pucci. Mr. Winston, I'm glad I caught you. I was reviewing the company books, and there's a few things I'd like to discuss with you. Walk with me to my office. Um, I thought you were gonna be in Hong Kong for a week. Yes, I was. It went better than expected, so here I am. Let's take advantage. Now, firstly, how's the new equipment? Good. Complex, but... Yes, I wasn't sure about weapons. I figured I'd let you order them, and then I'll reimburse you. I've got a catalog from a friend in Israel. You don't see any need for a tank, do you? Not immediately. Listen, could we talk about this later? I'm just heading out. Oh, on a job? Um, yeah, I-I'll be back soon. I won't be gone long. Oh, well, fabulous. Well, I'll come with you. What better way to learn about how you operate than on-the-job training? Um, Mrs. Pucci, I'd be more than happy to walk you through our organization some other time. But right now we're on assignment. Lives are at stake. Yes, I understand perfectly well what the stakes are when we are on a job. Now, tell me, where are you going? To run surveillance for Chance. Listen, what happened to all that absentee-owner jazz? The new surveillance van comfortably seats seven. You won't even know I'm there. Mrs. Pucci, these jobs we go on can get more than a little messy. You've been through a lot lately. Are you sure you can handle something like this right now? Luckily, I'm an employer that appreciates her staff's unfiltered opinions. So thanks for that. And in answer to your question, yes, I'm quite sure I can handle this. Come along. I'm on scene. I got eyes on Rebecca. She's still solo. You got that information yet? Here's the profile he sent her. The date's name is Kevin Heller. He's a doctor at Marin General-- six feet tall, dark hair. Chance looks nothing like that man. How's he gonna pull this off? Is that Ilsa? Yes, the boss is back in town, wanted to join us and see how we work. Let's keep that in mind, shall we? Rebecca Brooks. Why is someone trying to kill her? Don't know yet. She's wearing a wedding ring in this photo. But she's on a blind date. Is she divorced? As a matter of fact, uh, her husband was murdered several years ago. Oh, I see. Stay focused, Chance. We got to get her out of there, remember? Rebecca? Hi, I'm Kevin. You are? Yeah. That online photo-- it's from a while ago. It's when I used to dye my hair. I hope you're not disappointed. No, no, not at all. Good. This is kind of new to me-- this Internet dating. Oh, God, I know. This is my first time, actually. Really? Me too. All right, come on, come on, come on, come on. Kind of a crazy thing-- I have this doctor friend, he said he got food poisoning here. Obviously I probably shouldn't have recommended the place, so... I recommended it. Oh, yes... But I agreed with you, so... I was wondering if you're into going to some other place-- maybe Theodore's up in North Berkeley? Uh... Rebecca? I'm Kevin. If you're Kevin, who are you? Look, I'm sorry. I saw your profile. I really wanted to meet you. So... Uh, what's going on? I-I-I... It's all too weird for me. I think I'm just gonna go. Nice to almost meet you. Winston, we got our guy. He's the assassin? Where's he headed? Wait, Rebecca. Don't take one more step towards me, or I will call the cops. You're in danger. Listen to me. Stay away from me. Get in! Get in now! What is happening? - Who are you? - I'm saving your life. Aah! Aah! Internet dating-- it's crazy, huh? Give us a second, Mrs. Brooks. So is there any I.D. on the assassin? No, there was no trace of him by the time we reached the parking garage. Why is she in there alone? I was just in there. Mrs. Brooks, my name's Ilsa Pucci. I just wanted to see how you were doing. How am--how am I doing? I'm freaking out. What-- what is this place? I don't know what is going on, and somebody just tried to kill me. I know. And you must feel very frightened right now. You have no idea how I feel! Very recently, Mr. Chance and his team helped protect me after my husband died. I saw them work. It's why I'm financing this company. These men... They saved my life. His name's Christopher Chance. And you can trust him. I still don't understand exactly what's going on here, but I-I suppose I owe you a thank-you. Well, you can thank us when you're out of danger for good. Mrs. Brooks, we believe that the attempt on your life today is directly connected with your husband's murder. I don't understand. My--my husband was killed in a robbery. I'm afraid that's not what we think. Can you think of any reason why someone would have targeted your husband? "Targeted"? No, of course not. M-my husband was an Economics Professor. What was he working on when he was killed. Oh... Um... W-we share the same pretty obscure specialty-- predictive economics. And, um, his last project was a fairly minor theory. He loved baseball, and he was working on a formula to predict price changes for ballpark tickets. I mean, it was certainly nothing to kill for. He didn't even finish it. You still have a copy of it? No. But I-I just applied for a Grant to complete it, to finish it in his memory. That's what set this in motion. Somebody found out you're going to finish this paper. Where are your husband's papers now, Mrs. Brooks? All Daniel's work is kept at the university archives. I was gonna take it out this week. Well, we've got to get them out now. There's something in that theory worth killing for. Donnelly, dude, how are you? Still drinking in the middle of the afternoon, I see. You know what? Good for you. Liver's pickled anyway, right? I told Chance everything I know. Yeah, I heard that. Real bro move of you too. Thanks for that. No problem. Sure you didn't forget anything? Positive. Okay. Good enough for me. So I hear you're interested in switching teams, then, huh? Coming over to work for Chance? Guerrero, don't do this. If I say anything else, I'm dead, and you know it. The way I see it, dude, it's either you or Rebecca Brooks. She's cuter. Tell me who ordered the hit now, or I'll tell everybody in this bar you're playing both sides. Then I go over to your daughter's apartment. She's still over on Ellis, right? How long did you expect me to sit out there? Who the hell are you? I told you to wait in the car. I'm not your dog. I'm your girlfriend. Now, uh, go get me a cocktail, introduce me to your friend, and, uh, start acting like you're the luckiest guy in this bar. Leave... Now. I guess my mother was right about you. I was just about to get the info. I figured whoever he's been talking to has got to be in his recent calls, right? We could just do a reverse search on the list, I.D. the contact. Let's be clear about something. I was just about to get him to tell me the name of his contact, which, by definition, would have been faster. Maybe, but, uh, I just got the guy's number. I'm just saying that-- Drive. We're at the university, Winston, heading in now. All right. Working on the feed. Stand by. How are you able to have access to the university security feeds? You hack in. Well, I assume that's illegal. That an issue? Halls are clear to the archives. Restricted access? Because of the archives. Damn it. What? It's just--just the clerk on duty--Harrison. He's very nice, but he tends to be incredibly chatty. He's been asking me out since Daniel died. We don't have much time for small talk. Maybe I should just go in and talk to him. No, no, no. It'll--it'll--it'll be fine. Hi. Professor Brooks... Hi. Hello. Um, I haven't seen you in a while. Harrison, I-I was wondering if you could get me the bin number for Daniel's papers. Yeah. Can do. Uh... It seems Professor Brooks had his papers shipped out July 9, 2003. That's right before he died. Where'd he ship them to? Ooh, uh, I'm-- I'm sorry. I can't give that information out without written approval. Harrison, listen to me-- Rebecca... Let me just have a word with Harrison. So, Harrison, I'm not really a friend of Mrs. Brooks. I'm actually an insurance adjuster. I'm here to settle some of her husband's affairs. Now, she told me you guys were close. So I was thinking maybe you could help her out, just give us that address. Um... She said we were close? Don't tell anyone. 8564 Belvedere Road, Tiburon. That's a family home outside the city, where we used to spend weekends before Daniel died. That's where he was killed. We got a name off Donnelly--some lawyer. We're heading his way now. Lawyer-- what firm? Bergman-Fox. Not a firm, it's an investment bank-- small and very private. It's got to be the same people that hired Chance to kill Rebecca's husband. Chance killed her husband? That's why we're involved in this case? And she has no idea? Winston, I told her she could trust him. She can. Protecting her life is the only thing that matters to him right now. Winston. Chance, he's headed right for you. He's right around the corner. Get down. Harrison, get down! Where is he? He's right on your tail. You got to get him off you. He's way too close. Where am I? What's around me? What can I use? End of the hall, your left, there's a chem lab. Okay. You guys should probably get out of here. Now! Grab this extinguisher, right there. Come on. Chem lab's straight ahead. He came down this way. Okay, okay, keep moving. Keep moving. Keep moving. Last door on your right is an exit. Hold it. Stop! Stop. Come on, we got to try and sneak past them. - You okay? - Not really. Hey, listen, you were amazing up there. All we got to do is get through this door, and we're in the car, okay? Seeing that man... Knowing he could be the one who killed my husband... Maybe you're right. Maybe I can't handle this. You have to believe me. I don't know anything about any hit man or this "books" woman you keep mentioning. - Brooks. - What? Her name is Brooks, Rebecca Brooks. Did I tell him "books"? I don't think so. Is that a common stall tactic-- pretending like they were told a different name? It happens occasionally. Go get my tackle box out of the car. It's in the exceptionally roomy trunk. Tackle box? Yeah. This is-- this is crazy! I don't know anything! I am a lawyer at an investment bank, for God sakes! A lawyer and an investment banker? Wow. I'm really gonna enjoy this. Have any allergies I should know about? Okay, okay. Look, uh... All I know is that this, uh--this woman... Mrs. Brooks? Yeah, yeah. Her husband was blackmailing the firm. What did he have on them? What's it got to do with his wife? I don't know. All I was told is that she'd be dealt with. Okay. Are you stupid or something? Seriously, are you one of those guys from Harvard who can't tie his own shoes? Do you have any idea who this man is? What Jay-Z is to rap, what Louis Vuitton is to luggage, he is to torturing the truth out of people. You done? You might want to save the speeches for Malcolm X. Okay. We'll find out what he knows if you go get my stuff out of the car. Damn it! A simple thank-you would suffice! What do you mean somebody shot him? Who? Don't know, dude. The only thing we got is that the woman's husband was blackmailing the bank where the lawyer worked. Whoever popped the lawyer sure did have some good timing. Yeah, a little too good, if you ask me. All right, call me if you get anything else. What's happened? The lawyer's dead. I don't understand. What does that mean? Where are you going? To find him. Chance is in trouble. I got to figure out what's going on. Yes, but it's his trouble, isn't it? Let's be honest here, Mr. Winston. Isn't that why he's involved in the first place-- because of what he did to her, to her husband, to all of them? All due respect, Mrs. Pucci, but you knew about Chance's past when you decided to work with us. I told you these things get messy. And not just the logistics, but that's how it is. That's how it is for Chance, for me, for all of us. And you're right. His past is the reason why he's on this case. It's also the reason why he'd gladly let himself get killed to protect Mrs. Brooks, but I can't let that happen. Understand? When this is over, you'll have to tell her. And if you don't, I will. Hey, let me tell you something. When this is over, if Chance is even alive... He'll tell her. Oh... Daniel's grandfather built this house. Listen, I know this is tough, but the sooner we can get in there and find whatever it was your husband was working on, the sooner you can put whatever it was that happened to you behind you... For good. Do you know if he hs a separate filing cabinet? Rebecca, I need you to focus. I need your help here. Whoever this assassin is, he's probably on his way here. Here? But you sa-- how do you know that? 'Cause it's what I would do. In this business, it pays to assume whoever's after you is at least as smart as you are. There's an attic here. Is it sealed? I don't-- I don't think so. Let's check it out. I-I don't ever remember being up here. What's your birthday? August 3rd. Why? A gun? Why--why would he have a gun? Mrs. Pucci, I'm a nice man, but everyone has a breaking point, and you're about to see mine. Mr. Winston, as the owner of this agency, I'm just as responsible for Mr. Chance's actions as he is. So I suggest you start driving, especially if he's in as much danger as you say he is. What are you waiting for? I swear, if you wasn't my boss, I'd shoot you. It's--it's remarkable. It--it turns out Daniel's theory can be applied to stock-market behavior. I-it basically decodes how--how you could manipulate the system. It's astonish-- Stay calm. There's a storm door by the stairs. We can get out that way. Storm door-- how do you-- how do you know about the storm door? Because I saw it on the way in. Rebecca, we've got to get out of here now. You don't understand the kind of man who is trying to kill you. And you do, Mr. Chance? How do you know so much about this house-- the storm door and--and the attic? About all of it-- me and Daniel and--and how all these pieces fit together? It's my job. The storm door... Is how the police said whoever killed Daniel got in here. Rebecca, listen to me... Do you know who's trying to kill me? Do you know who killed my husband? Answer me! I killed your husband. You what? Rebecca, I have no idea how you must be feeling, but right now I am the only person who can protect you. Oh. You--you killed Daniel! There is an assassin in this house. I can protect you. I should kill you right now for what you did! Rebecca, listen! Come on, Chance, answer your phone. Answer your ph-- Careful! It won't help anyone if we don't make it there alive. Fine. Drive how you like. I knew this case would come back and bite him in the ass. I knew it would. That's why i told him not to take it. But he didn't listen. He never listens, kind of like you, except at least he can fight. I just hope we ain't too late. Are you really that worried about him? Your damn right I'm worried about him! He ain't thinking straight. Hasn't been thinking straight this whole case. What do you mean? I mean... Yes, he's done a lot of terrible things in his past. I'm not gonna argue that point. But he's also the guy who's trying to make everything right. And that makes him vulnerable to all the bad guys out there who think they can exploit that. I suppose redemption comes at a price. Yeah. Aaah. Aah! Rebecca... You killed Daniel. You deserve to die. You're right. I do. Go ahead. Just pull the trigger. No one will blame you, least of all me. Don't be so hard on yourself. Rebecca, don't-- I got to hand it to you, Chance. A part of me was wondering whether or not you'd even be able to pull it off-- protecting her from that monster, still finding the husband's theory. Who the hell are you? I'm the man who hired him to kill your husband. It wasn't anything personal, mind you. It's just business. Like me killing you both now-- it's just business. When I saw how much someone was offering for the hit, I figured that theory would provide me with a nice retirement. That's what all this is about-- about money? Almost always is... Except for our friend Chance here. This guy's got a conscience. I always tried to tell him that was bad for business, but he never listened. I'm sorry for what I did. I know it doesn't matter now, but... I'm sorry. I told you, I hate bad guys. Hey dude. What's this? It's what we pulled off the dead lawyer's computer. It's the full story on Daniel Brooks. The, uh-- the guy had been blackmailing the bank for years, had a secret account with millions in the Caymans. He was planning on making a run for it, wasn't really the settle-down type. Did someone tell you to speak? Okay, you know what? Enough of the whole Don Corleone thing. I'm the one who got the lawyer's info off Donnelly, remember? All I'm saying is I demand some respect. Demand? Okay, may-- maybe not demand... Suggest...Strongly. - Nice work, Ames. - Thanks. My pleasure. Let's go. Where? Okay. - She has no idea. - Who? Rebecca--about who her husband really was. That doesn't forgive me for what I did... Not to him, not to anyone else. Well, the assassin that Chance took out yesterday is now in police custody, but he was just a hired gun. The lawyer at the investment bank was his only contact. Unfortunately, Donnelly killed him before we had a chance to get enough information. Tracing things back to anyone else at the firm at this point is highly unlikely. The formula your husband created-- it's very, very valuable information if it's in the right hands. It will be. I gave it to a reporter I know at the National Business Journal. Daniel would have been thrilled to see his work published. Well, you did the right thing. I'm glad we could help you. I have to ask you, mrs.Pucci, how do you do it? Do what? Work with him... Be in the same room as him. Rebecca... I think I understand how hard these last few days have been for you. I know the pain of losing someone you love. I guess all I can say is... I hope you find the strength to move past all the hurt and the anger that comes with it. And I hope I do too. Mr. Chance... My husband was a good man, an innocent man. Do you think that saving me makes up for what you did? Is that it? Well, it doesn't. Why didn't you tell her the truth about her husband? She doesn't need to hear it. Well, maybe she does. That's not what I'm here for. I'm here to protect her. That's what she needed. That's what I do. Do you want to tell me why we're here? Nope. Sorry, Guerrero, bring-your-daughter-to-drink day isn't until next month. Nice one, bro-- real zinger. Reminds me of the joke I know about your brother. Carl, right? Drives a green hatchback. The punch line is he drives off a bridge. You want to hear it? What do you want? Club soda. And, uh... And what? And I can't believe I'm doing this. Open up a tab for her. Stop smiling. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Expense reports. How is he okay with it? With what? All of it. He's not. None of us are. That's why we try to make things right when we can... If we can. Somebody gonna answer that? Hello? Yeah, I got your agency's number from a friend. I think someone's trying to kill me. Hello? Hello? Yes, I think we can help. == sync, corrected by elderman == == for www.addic7ed.com == 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 