Human Target: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Human Target 
 s2e4 - The Return of Baptiste - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Human Target (2010–2011): Season 2, Episode 4 - The Return of Baptiste - full transcript 
 Ilsa wants the team to rescue her friend, reporter Susan Connors, who is captured by Paragayan border crime lord Miguel Cervantes. To find them, Chance must team up with his former hit men 'brother' Baptiste, whom he therefore 'borrows' from a Siberian prison. The rest of the team had a hard time getting Ilsa's private jet liberated, which Pentagon captain Mike Harmen's contact has pinned down by local troops. Baptiste plays his own dirty games with Chanca and Esteban. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ ♪ No. There is no Cervantes. There is no Susan Connors. No, wait, wait. Your boss kidnapped a journalist from her hotel room in Asuncion four days ago. Now, that journalist happens to be a friend of mine. And I'm prepared to pay an obscene amount of money. So don't be stupid. You are being sent home as a courtesy. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Most who make it this far aren't so lucky. Don't come back. I'm sorry. You went where? Because I thought you said that you tried to see Miguel Cervantes, the most dangerous warlord on The Triple Frontier, which is saying something, and that you did it alone. - Yes. - Help me out here 'cause when we discussed this the other day, I explained to you that no one knows where to find Cervantes. Yes. And that they kill people down there for even asking. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You're worried about me. I'm worried about who's gonna pay the bills around here if you end up dead in some South American gutter somewhere. It's been almost five days since Susan went missing investigating a story about Cervantes. And we all agree that if Cervantes simply wanted her dead, he would've done it publicly. - So she's probably still alive. - Probably. The State Department can't act because they have no way of getting a message to him. The local governments won't act because they're afraid of him. And when I asked you about rescue options, you said there weren't any. Well, I meant that I couldn't think of any. Well, what's the difference? In the interim, I may have thought of one. Well, what is it? I've known this woman since we were children. Well, it's a little unorthodox. You might not like it. But could be worth a try. No. No. Hell, no. - Oh, you got my note. - Yeah, I got your note. Bad idea. Terrible idea. - I won't be a part of it. - Won't be a part of what? All right, let's just start at the beginning. A few years ago, Miguel Cervantes hired an assassin to take out the President of Paraguay. The assassin was successful. Was quite proud of himself, I might add. We're talking about you. No. Wasn't me. It was a guy I know. Anyway, Cervantes and this assassin had a falling out. Define falling out. Cervantes tried to kill him. Which means that the assassin might be inclined to help us stage a rescue. Dude. No. I mean, seriously. This guy's a bad egg. - You can't trust him. - Really? You see what's happening here? We agree. Now imagine how that makes me feel. You think I'm happy about this? I didn't want to see him again let alone ask him for help. But the lady wants to get her friend back so I don't have any better ideas. Do you? Will someone please tell me what's going on here? Who is this guy and why is it such a big deal to ask for his help? He was picked up by the FBI then he was traded to the Russians. Apparently they wanted him more than our guys did. He's not gonna be easy to get to, but I just don't see any other way. Spasiba. So the only person who can help rescue Susan is a professional killer you neither like nor trust who's currently rotting in a Siberian prison, and these two think you're completely crazy for even suggesting it. Is that a vaguely accurate picture of what we're talking about here? Pretty much. Oh, last time I saw him, we tried to kill each other. Look, I know it sounds bad. But if we're gonna stage a rescue for Susan, I think-- Do it. Whatever it takes. We have to get Susan out of there alive. Just out of curiosity, can you tell me the name of this assassin? Well, he goes by several names. But the one I know him by is... Baptiste. Hello, matey. ♪ Human Target 2x04 ♪ The Return of Baptiste Original Air Date on December 8, 2010 == sync, corrected by elderman == == for www.addic7ed.com == ♪ ♪ I wish I knew you were coming. Might've cleaned up the place for you. This isn't a social call. Miguel Cervantes kidnapped a journalist named Susan Connors. There's reason to believe she's alive, being held in his compound. And this pertains to me how? I need your help. Is that a fact? I know that Cervantes' compound is well guarded. I know that getting in and out cleanly is gonna take some finesse. What I don't know-- is where to find him. Tell me where to find the compound--that's all I need. And what do I get out of this exactly? You get to get off your ass, come up here, and point your finger on a map or I get the guards to open this door and I come in there. Man, I missed you. So what's the story with those two anyway? Well, before Chance was...Chance, he and Baptiste worked for the same boss. A master assassin who took them both in and trained them. They called him "the old man." And in a weird way, they were the closest thing Chance had to family. So why does Chance hate him so much? He wanted out of that life. Well, that didn't go over too well. And a woman close to Chance ended up getting killed over it. Baptiste killed her? I promise you, do not mess with me on this one. And I promise you that's not my intention. I just simply do not know where the compound is. You were there yourself. Blindfolded on the way in. And coming out, transportation was provided for me. Provided by who? A gentleman by the name of Esteban. He's a local enemy of Cervantes. The Triple Frontier is not a particularly welcoming place. Esteban helped because he knew me. But for you, not so much. What are you saying? What am I saying? I'm saying I can't help you find Cervantes unless you take me with you. Fat chance. Have a nice life. You will never find her without me. Cervantes is a ghost down there. And if you had another option, you wouldn't be here in the first place. What's this all about anyway? You want to get close to Cervantes? You want to kill him? Settle a score? What? Grudges are for the weak of spirit. And you know that's not me. Then why? Geezer has my watch. I beg your pardon? The target Cervantes hired me to liquidate, he wore a vintage Breguet, Heritage Collection. It's a work of art, really. And when I escaped, it got left behind. Give me the chance to retrieve it and I'll help you save the girl. I give you my word, junior. What the hell are you doing to my conference room? Does she really need to know or is this one of those things it's better off if she doesn't? Sidebar. It's hardware that allows us to piggyback on a military spy satellite so we can keep an eye on Chance and Baptiste. I'm gonna go out on a limb and guess that that's illegal. Extremely. Look, I didn't want Chance talking to Baptiste in the first place, remember? At least this way, wherever they go, I can watch his back. I need temporary custody of prisoner Baptiste. Custody? What makes you think I would agree to that? This, my friend, is a Private Bank of Geneva Black Card. Airport club access, concierge services, no spending limit. Compliments of Ilsa Pucci. I'll have Baptiste back in 48 hours. Until then, knock yourself out. There is only one problem. Prisoners must be within sight of a guard at all times. Uh-uh. Not now. I need you on your toes. Plus I don't have to tell you what's gonna be waiting for us when we get off this plane. Let's go over some ground rules. Ground rules? We're at grammar school now, are we? Rule number one, cuffs stay on at all times. You're kidding me. Rule number two, you will not touch a weapon of any kind. I'm ashamed to know you. I truly am. Rule number three. When this is finished, you're going straight back to that prison. Are we clear? All except rule number three. That's non-negotiable. We'll see. Who is that? His name's Captain Mike Harmen. He's the contact of the Defense Department. I've been on the phone with him all week trying to get some help with Susan. I'll be right with you, I'll go with you. Why? Highly-illegal satellite setup. Chance on ground with fugitive assassin. We need to make sure this goes very carefully. I once sat a poker table with Rumsfeld, Kissinger, and the Chief of Operations for the Mossad. So? Rummy still owes me 1,000 bucks. So what can I do for you, Captain? Mrs. Pucci, we have a problem. Look, I get it. You told me not to go after Susan Connors and I went anyway. Your boss put some heat on you. He told you to come down here and put some heat on me. Can't we just save ourselves some time and go get some lunch? We certainly could... Had I not received this message just before I arrived here. What is that? That is a photograph sent by my liaison in the Paraguayan Army of your private plane sitting in an airfield just a few miles away from The Triple Frontier. Oh. That's the ground. Why are you disconnecting the ground wire? I think we've got a problem. What kind of problem? Captain Mike Harmen has asked the Paraguayan Army to seize my plane. I think Chance just lost his getaway. There's a doorway down there on the right. That's Esteban's place. But before we go in, can I renew my objection to the current state of my hands? - I already told you. - Yeah, I know. I know. Rule one. Thing is, folks around here don't take kindly to strangers asking questions. What sense does it make to handicap ourselves from the outset? You know what, you got a point. - Better? - Not even close. ♪ ♪ Greetings, matey. Drink, amigo? Whiskey. So we're looking for Esteban. Have you seen him? Uh, yeah, we seem to have lost the keys. It's a funny story, actually. You want to see Esteban, Esteban does not want to see you. Put down the gun. You first. I asked you to put the gun down. I won't ask again. Uh...No. Oh, you are such a child. I hope you're proud of yourself. You asked me to help you find Esteban, and I'm doing that, but you're getting lost in the details, matey. Details my ass. Give me the gun. This gun? You want this gun? Come and take it from me. You don't think I can just smack you up and take that gun? No, I really don't. All right, folks, you're in for a little show. What about a different plane? Is there no other way to fly them out of there? Not from down there. Not with this kind of notice. We need to figure out a way to get Harmen to release that plane. I've been dealing with him all week. He's not a "bend the rules" kind of guy. What are you doing? I did that an hour ago. It doesn't work. You loosened the lid for me. If Chance still has his phone, the satellite should be locked in on him. Right there. What the hell are they doing? Well, it appears they're kicking the crap out of each other. I assume this doesn't bode well for Susan's rescue. Zoom out, would you? What's that? That is a problem. Come on. Answer your phone. Answer your phone. Hola, Esteban. We were, um, hoping you could help us find Cervantes. So, Esteban, is it fair to assume that you're now working for Cervantes? - Where are they? - I don't know. I got no signal to lock onto, man. He must've lost his phone. How do we find him? Uh... We don't. No signal to latch on to. Could take hours to find him. Every minute we spend looking is a minute we take away from figuring out a way to get that plane off the ground. So what, we just leave them there and hope for the best? I don't like this any more than you do. But right now, getting that plane free is the only way we can help get them home alive. Yeah, that's assuming they're not dead already. - Hey! - What? I'm just saying. You said that Esteban helped you escape from Cervantes. That they were mortal enemies or something. Hey, may I remind you, if you hadn't lost your mind about me having a weapon, we probably wouldn't be in this mess. You knew the rules. The rules. Here we go. I don't trust you at all so we stick to the rules. You have no idea how silly that sounds coming from you. What I should trust you? Why shouldn't you? When you left me and the old man, you said nothing. That decision must've been brewing for--for quite a while, right? So how many days? How many conversations did me and you have during which the only thought in your head was about running away? And you never said a word. You call that being honest? Dig your graves. Dude, no way. Why? It's a simple Norma Jean. First of all, there's no such thing as a simple Norma Jean, all right? When a Norma Jean goes bad, it goes real bad. A Norma Jean went bad on my cousin Pat. She ended up pregnant with twins. Well, you got a better idea? Yeah. Let's call that Ames broad. She went back East. Clear head after that heist debacle. Fine. Then I'll go. And do what? Put a gun to Harmen's head? What's wrong with putting a gun to his head? A lot of productive things have happened by putting a gun to someone's head. Wait a second. Your friend, Captain Harmen, said he had a liaison down there with the Paraguayan Army. That's probably who he called to seize the plane, right? So why don't we call the guy ourselves, get him to release the plane? We get into Harmen's office, find out who that liaison is and how to contact him. Then we figure out a way to make it look like Harmen's making the call to him. We get into his office. But what if he's in his office? Oh, that's easy. We'll just send you. What? Dude? It's not a bad idea. It certainly sounds like one. I agree. Ilsa... This ain't that hard. The info we want is probably on Harmen's computer. Now you just go down there and you--you make nice and say you're sorry about what happened before. Then you take a pirate modem. Put it close enough to his computer so I can hack into it. The whole thing takes a couple of minutes. He's right. It's a terrible idea. "I played poker with Rummy." What happened to that? That was a game. What you're asking me to do... I'm not a field operative. Listen, you want to see your friend Susan alive again, then you're gonna become one. Sorry. About before. I probably should've taken those cuffs off you at the bar. What, that's it? What? You want me to be sorry about something else? If you don't know, I'm not gonna explain it to you. Why don't I hear something like "hey, junior, "thanks for the last 24 hours. It was nice to get some fresh air." You had a drink. You had a few laughs at my expense. You got to admit, this day beats the crap out of any day you had in that prison cell. I shouldn't have been in that jail cell for you to find me in the first place. Whose fault is that anyway? Don't get mad at me. Get mad at the old man. When I got thrown in Chi Hoa, he busted me out in three weeks. Yeah, well, that situation was different. Why was it different? 'Cause that was you. He cut you loose, didn't he? Why? Is it because you got caught? Or maybe it was because you were doing the catching. But your guess is as good as mine, mate. But I haven't heard a word from him since the last time we saw each other. Hurry up. Señor Baptiste. I'm surprised to see you again. Cervantes. What are you doing here? Well, it appears I'm digging my own grave. What are you doing here? Truth be told, I'm in the market for a new job and I'm hoping that you're hiring. You son of a... You want to work for me? Yes, I do. Very interesting. Let's discuss it then, shall we? And what about this one? I don't know. He may some value to you. Thanks for bringing me down here, junior. Sorry it had to be this way. And, uh, sorry about this. Oh, you're awake. I'm Susan. Connors. Yeah, I heard a little bit about you. I'm Christopher Chance. Ilsa Pucci sent me here to rescue you. - Ilsa sent you? - Yeah. - To rescue me? - Mm-hmm. And, uh, how's this rescue going? Could be worse. So...What brings a nice journalist like you to a place like this? Well, I came down here chasing a story trying to tie Cervantes to the murder of this country's President. Just before I got caught, I found the link. Witnesses who can blow the story wide open. Cervantes wants to know who talked. So far, my interrogators have been keeping things fairly polite. But something tells me with you here, that's about to change. Yeah, it's a pretty safe bet. Listen, can you reach my pants with your foot? In the lining of my pocket flap, there's a syringe filled with anesthetic. Maybe we could use it on your friend when he comes back. Do I need to ask why you have a full syringe of anesthetic in your pocket? Well, I brought someone with me to help find you. Someone who I was worried might try to screw me over. And where exactly is this someone now? Screwing me over. Join me. Please. Señor Baptiste. Your track record is quite impressive. Prime Minister Goetz. Justice Rabang in Manila. You're an artist. But our history together, it makes your proposal, while tempting, also somewhat difficult to believe. Our past is what it is. You were unhappy with my work. That's your prerogative. I'd hired you to do a job-- you hired me to eliminate a man, which I did. And you wanted him humiliated, tortured. It's simply not me. It's inelegant. Is that my watch? No. That is Esteban's watch. A gift from me. Well, then let's forget about our past and discuss our future, shall we? Be careful. I've almost got it. Unh! Unh! I can't believe that worked. Me neither. All right, he's probably got a knife on him-- let's find it and cut ourselves down. Put that in your ear. Oh, God. I can't believe I'm doing this. It's gonna be easy. Just take this pirate modem. See? So you turn it on right there. Get that within range of Harmen's computer. And I'll take it from there. All right, I'm in position. She moving yet? Getting there. Take your time, dude. View's real nice from up here. So what's he doing again? He's gonna splice into their switchboard so that when we call Paraguay to get your plane released, it'll sound like the call's coming from Harmen's office. Now, listen, once we're logged in, Harmen gets locked out of his computer. So he can't be on there while I'm doing my search. So how do I keep him from looking at his computer? Opening a button might help. I'm not even gonna dignify that with a response. You sure? Mrs. Pucci. Hello, Captain. How are you? I'm fine. What are you doing down here? I don't feel very good about yesterday, and I was hoping we could maybe talk about it a little bit. Come on in. Margaret, this is Ilsa Pucci. Hello. Hello. Margaret. Please tell me Margaret is not sitting in front of the computer. Mm-hmm. Look, I can't hack in till you get her away from there. Oh, it's a simple Norma Jean. Nothing to worry about. Oh, shut up! What I am offering you are the services of a professional without peer. I think there's a path over there that leads to the front gate. We're not taking the front gate. Baptiste said it's too heavily guarded. Do you know of any other way out? He mentioned a back way, but I don't know where to find it. Well, you got any better ideas? So please think carefully before you throw out a number less you insult me and lose out on this opportunity altogether. 20 million. Dollars? U.S. for a year of your time. There's one condition. It's my understanding that the man you arrived here with was once quite close to you. You understand I need to be certain that you and he are not playing me for a fool. Hmm. Kill him and then we'll have a deal. Sounds perfectly reasonable to me. Good. Hello, fellas. If you've come to argue about your ground rules again, I think you're going to be sorely disappointed. We can discuss that later. That's not why I'm here. No? Then why are you here? To ask for your help. I'm sorry? You're asking for my help? Still? I'm getting real tired of it too. But you know the way out of here, I don't. You gave me your word. I came here to see what it's worth. I am deeply sorry I have to do this. But I will be taking that watch back now. Get in! Chance, where the hell are you? What's going on? We've got Susan. We're heading to the plane. Is there anything else I should know? Yeah. Stand by. Ilsa, you need to hurry. I'm a little confused. You're here to apologize about yesterday? Yes. So you admit the plane down there is part of a rescue mission? I've been advised not to answer that question. All right, I'm patched into the switchboard. She got the modem on yet? Not yet. Ilsa. Listen, you got to get that damn computer clear. I'm sorry. Could you ask your secretary if she could give us a minute to speak in private? I am a Senior Policy Analyst. Ahem. Thank you, Margaret. Chance, we're trying to free up the plane. We need a couple of minutes. I don't have a couple of minutes. Please have a seat. We're in. All right, Mrs. Pucci, what is it you want to talk about? Modem's been activated. We're uploading. Well... I feel as if we don't really know each other very well. Hey, save a bullet. Why? Machinegun nests either side of the rear gate. Distance. Once we get around the turn, about 30 meters. Not gonna give us much time. About two or three seconds and then we're full of holes. Okay, turn's coming. You ready? Ready. Yah! Next left! Take it! Come on, dude, give me a number. Hang on. Hang on. Hang on. So I assume you went to college. Yeah. Yes, I did. Did you like it? Mrs. Pucci, you come all the way down here. You offer me one of the more bizarre apologies I've ever heard. You dismiss a woman from my office who is probably going to be my boss one day to ask me questions about where I went to school and whether or not I'm allowed to wear jeans on fridays? What are you doing here? And I want a straight answer. Well... That's a completely fair question. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. One moment. Are you seeing anyone? Did you just ask me out? Yeah. Yes, I did. I just felt there might be some chemistry here between us. You? Got it. Good job, Ilsa. We're done. Get out of there. Okay then. I better go. Captain Carlos Montoya. Sending you the number. Got it. This is Captain Harmen. I need to speak to Captain Montoya right away. Montoya. Montoya, this is Harmen. Release the plane immediately. Yes, sir. There's a military barricade. What should I do? They're not moving. Just don't stop. You know, with most people, when I haven't seen them for a few months, the big surprise is they've changed their hair. What the hell are you doing here? Truthfully, I have no idea. I guess I'm--I'm doing what Marshall would've wanted me to. Yeah. So where did you find the guy? Chance? Oh, God. Really? I don't know. Seemed nice enough to me. Excuse me a sec, Susan. So...What are you doing here? Oh, I think we both know what I'm doing here. Your plane was released from local control roughly 18 hours ago. Communications mix-up according to my contact down there. And now I see Susan Connors sitting in your office safe and sound. You gamed me. I don't know how, but you did. You know, there is one more thing I'd like to know. What? When you asked me if I was seeing someone, was that part of the game or did you really want to know? I think... Well, uh, I would ask you to remember that... Given the context-- so I'll pick you up at 8:00. Don't do it. It's not even the most expensive one on the tray. No. But it's your favorite so you can't have any. Yet again. Focused on the little details and missing out on the bigger picture. Which is? That you trusted me. And you were rewarded for that trust. Let's go overboard here, okay? I know you better than you think. And there was a moment back there where you were thinking about shooting me. I was not. Yes, you were. Well, the man made a convincing argument. And I do have material needs. I'm only human. And besides, it suddenly occurred to me that--and despite what this says about me and despite how truly distressing the thought... You might be the last friend I've got on this earth. I've spent most of the last six years wishing you were dead. We're not friends. Not by any definition I know of. Well, yeah, beggars can't be choosers, right? It makes this so much more unpleasant. Hold this. What? Really? In my defense, I was extremely frank about my intentions on this trip. I simply can't have you put me back in that cell. I think we both know you're not gonna shoot me. Oh, come on. What did he ever do to you? Let's discuss what's gonna happen next. I'm gonna enjoy a glass of my favorite cognac. You tell the pilot we're diverting to Caracas. Once we land, I'll walk out. I think you know that I can't let that happen. Be that as it may... Salud. I have a counter proposal. Do you now? Come work for me. I beg your pardon? You heard me. I think you enjoyed helping. I think there's more to the old man cutting you off story than you're letting on. I think you're about where I was three years ago. And no more ready to talk about it either. You're joking. Maybe. You saying you don't trust me? Not one... Oh-ho-ho. Ketamine in the cognac. Yeah, I figured you couldn't resist. Sorry, but I was Frank about my intentions. I got to take you back to where I got you. That's very clever. Man, I really missed you. Do I even want to know? Probably not. So what happened with Baptiste? I offered him a job. Dude, seriously? I don't have to put up with enough around here? He turned it down. At least there's still a little integrity left among criminals. So where is he? Well, let's see. Right about now it should be chow time in Siberia. Bet he didn't want to part with that. So... How'd you get the Paraguayan Army to let us on the plane? Norma Jean. It's impossible. Can't bluff a Norma Jean with just two guys. They had some help. Are you serious? I'm gone two days and she's out on the field? Not my call, dude. I'll clean that later. Mr. Chance, I told you I was prepared to rescue Susan by any means necessary. But I thought we had this conversation. There's about a million things that could've gone wrong. You could've been arrested. You were risking your life to save my friend. The least I could do was risk my reputation. Suppose a "thank you" is in order. No. It's I who should thank you for bringing Susan safely home. It looks like it wasn't easy. Oh, comes with the turf. Sometimes a mission stays with you after it's done. So I'm learning. Good night. Where you going? I guess we both made a bit of a sacrifice on this one. I have a date... With Captain Harmen. Who's capt-- == sync, corrected by elderman == == for www.addic7ed.com == 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 