Human Target: Season 2, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Human Target 
 s2e10 - Cool Hand Guerrero - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Human Target (2010–2011): Season 2, Episode 10 - Cool Hand Guerrero - full transcript 
 Guerrero gets a taste of southern hospitality when he's framed for the murder of a friend, forcing Chance to help break him out of prison. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Country-rock plays] ♪ Every time I think about our situation, babe ♪ ♪ you know I'm pulled in several different ways ♪ ♪ I think I'm gonna look stupid, baby ♪ ♪ can you tell me why I say ♪ ♪ everyone has a right to add 'em in, baby... ♪ (Man) So how much longer is this gonna take? Can't rush art, kid. You don't know these guys. Don't want to. They're vicious, they're... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - They would not hesitate-- - Hey, Jerry. What'd I just say? I'm not interested. Right, right. I-I'm sorry. Just... Just get me the hell out of here. Right. Done. All right. Your new name is Mason Ellis. Born in Monroe, Louisiana. Rest is up to you. Costa Rica, here I come. Don't tell me where you're going. Fine. Maybe I'll go to Rio, right? I mean, you said the world is my oyster now. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Just lay low for a while, all right? No more drug running. You might wanna consider laying off the caffeine and the cigarettes too, dude. Your hands are shaking so much you're not gonna clear customs. I mean, really. You look guilty. Or infectious. Did you get that package I sent you? Safe and sound back home. You got my life in there, right? It's the only insurance I got. Don't worry. I got your back. Have since the third grade. [Chuckles] That's when Bobby Green jumped me at recess and I gave you a quarter to put him in crutches. Yeah, yeah. My first official job. Hey. Thanks, man. - Hey, Jerry. - Yeah. $5,000. Right. Of course. Yeah, of course. Price has gone up over the years. You got the friends and family discount. We have a problem. Mr. Guerrero has gone missing. He hasn't responded to my emails, my phone calls, or my messages in the last two weeks. - So? We have a new case or something? Not at the moment, no. What's the big deal? Aren't you the least bit concerned? - No. - No. Listen, there's... There's something you should probably know about Guerrero. He disappears sometimes. He's not what you'd call your 9:00 to 5:00 kinda guy. But he's there when you need him. Yes, well, I pay for him to be here. The least he can do is pick up his phone. You know, he's probably just out of town on some work-related matter. But he works here. He takes side jobs. What kind of side jobs? Sometimes-- you don't wanna know. Probably safer for all of us that way. [Siren whoops] [Siren whoops] [Exhales] Great. Welcome to Mayberry. [Police radio chatter] Morning, officer. Something wrong? You ain't from around here. What tipped ya off, the California plates? Son, I'm gonna need you to step out of the vehicle. Slowly now. This how you treat tourists? I need you to pop the trunk. All right. You do realize that this is total abuse of authority. Unlawful detainment. Discriminatory harassment. I could go on. Probable cause. Heard of that? All right. Just so you guys know, I got a permit for the samurai sword, all right? It's totally legit. Damn it, Jerry. What'd ya get me into? [Victorious music] ♪ Human target 2x10 ♪ Cool Hand Guerrero Original Air Date on January 14, 2011 == sync, corrected by elderman == == for www.addic7ed.com == ♪ ♪ You got five minutes. How'd ya find me? You work for Ilsa Pucci now. She likes to keep tabs on her employees' whereabouts. That sucks. Total invasion of my privacy and personal freedoms. Says the guy behind bars. - I got this under control. - Of course you do! We just didn't have a case. I was sittin' around, I thought, eh, what the hell? I'll come down here to see if you need any help. - Well, I don't. - But, hey, if you're bored, the Eldo's still in impound, so... The dead guy. Who's he? I didn't kill him. I was framed. Of course you were. No, dude. For real. Didn't do it. What do you think they're after? Something I left back at the office. Well, then don't worry. I'll get ya out. I'll find the evidence. Don't trust the system enough. When whoever put me in here doesn't get what they want, - I'm as good as dead. - That's not gonna happen. You're right, it won't. Like I said, I got this under control. Okay, I hope you're not... Thinking about doing what I think you're thinking about doing? It's nice working with you, bro. See ya. Winston... We got a problem. What, they electrocute him already? He wants to bust out. Out of a United States prison facility? You know what happens if he does that, right? Adios, Guerrero. [Bell chimes] Order up! - Here ya go. - Yes. Thank you. Ah! [Sucking sounds] These things are great, man. They're like little mini-lobsters. Come on, you gotta try at least one. No. I'm good. As appetizing as that sounds. Guerrero can't do this on his own. Not this time. Pride is an awful thing. He's just being stubborn. This never ends well. We need to protect Guerrero from himself. Yeah. Hey, listen, all due respect... You sure that Guerrero didn't actually kill this guy? I mean, the man does have an extensive resume. He said he didn't do it, and I'm inclined to believe him. So am I! But hey, I mean, the evidence is stacked up against him. Hell, it's smothering him. All right. Well, you got Jerry Mobbs, aka Mason Ellis-- known drug smuggler. Two bullets in the brain. The murder weapon purchased at a local gun shop two days ago. The receipt and the body both found in Guerrero's trunk. That's how we know he didn't do it. Well, you know, I mean, either Guerrero's slipping or this guy who did this doesn't really know Guerrero. Well, we know that they want something from Guerrero, something that he left in the office. If we could find out what it is they want, we could find out who wants it. Yeah, good luck getting that combo. He ain't gonna give ya that no matter how nice you ask him. Who says we're asking? [Elevator bell dings] Miss Ames? Just the girl! Thank goodness you're here. Really? Okay. Mr. Chance urgently needs something from inside this locker. I tried the master key, but it doesn't seem to be working. Duh. You're working with paranoid people here. Do you think they've tampered with the locks? What's the point in having a locker if someone else has a key? Well, do you think you can get in? You want me to break into Guerrero's locker. - Yes. - No way. No way. I-I enjoy breathing way too much. He's already in jail for murder. But according to Mr. Chance, he was framed, and whatever's inside that locker could help clear his name. Fine. But if he's pissed, you called a locksmith, okay? Sure. You just have to...default back to factory settings. It's a...[Beep beep] Pretty basic move. Almost there. Hmm. - Bravo. - Look at this! He is loaded! Fish food? Does that smell like rat poison to you? Whatever they need must be inside this case. How 'bout this one? Can you get in? Well, you've heard of Fort Knox, right? Well, imagine it as a briefcase. Hey. Got a new cellmate for ya. You boys play nice. [Guard chuckles] Hmm. Can you come back in five? Mine's not done yet. We need to get inside that case if we're gonna save Guerrero. Yeah, but this lock is intense. I thought you said you were a pro. I am, and I'm telling you it's not happening. We need the code. It's four digits. Any idea what they might be? Most people use significant dates like the year they were born, the year they got married. (Chance) Okay. Guerrero is not most people, and he's not gonna sit still much longer. Just bring the case in and I'll shoot it open. - Where's the notebook? - The one Jerry gave me? Wasn't in your car. Wasn't in your bag. They wanna know where it is. Who wants to know? - Doesn't matter. - But it does. You see, I have to know who to kill. (Wilson) You know I been working with Guerrero for six years, and I don't even know his first name? Do you? Yeah. He changes it every now and again. The man is a mystery wrapped in a box tied off with an enigma. Yeah, well, he may not let on, but he's got a few things worth sticking around for. Does that guard look strange to you? Hold on. Well. Only took him four hours. I was betting on two. Where you going? Dude... Seriously? Kinda in the middle of a jailbreak here. Unless you're driving the getaway car. - You can't leave. - Watch me. Guerrero, just wait. [Grunts] Uh! Get outta my way, dude. I can't let that happen. Listen, I need you on my team. It's not an option if you're a fugitive. Ah! Even if we do prove that you're innocent, they're gonna be chasing you the rest of your life! Fine. Not fine with us. Look, we know you didn't kill the guy. But just give us a day to find out who framed you. We'll get ya out of this mess. I am out. If you'd just move. One day. That's all we're asking. Look, you guys don't understand, all right? They killed my friend and framed me for it. Name was Jerry. I've known him a long time. Guy was down here running drugs for somebody and wanted out. I was assisting him with relocation. But they got him. So now I get them. Get it? Guerrero... Listen, I'm sorry about Jerry. And if somebody framed me for murder, I'd be pissed off too. But if you escape now, they got a warrant for your arrest. We can't have that. You gotta go back in. Hey. Trust me. One more day? [Alarm blares] Maybe two. Weekend. Tops. This better work. [Alarm continues] [Door buzzer] Gate. Clear. [Inmates laughing and talking] Looks like we got ourselves a troublemaker here, boys. Mm-hmm. Nobody... Ever hits one of my guys and gets away with it. Nobody. Feel free to make an example out of our friend from California. He's gotta learn. My house...My rules. Gun World, huh? Yes, indeed. 15 stores in the state. Says Guerrero bought the gun that killed Jerry two days ago at 3:14 p.m. Big store like this probably has security cameras covering multiple angles. Well, if they network all the cameras, I should be able to access their footage. Almost in. [Beep] Ah, damn it! They don't stream the video online. They must be downloading onto some kind of hardware inside the store. Well, it looks like we're going in. We need to create a distraction. ♪ It's 5:00, just got paid ♪ You short on anything, Winston? Looks like they're having a sale. [Laughs] Just keep window shopping. I've almost got it. Hold on. Here ya are, ma'am. ♪ I got a weekend full of nothing ♪ ♪ to do at all ♪ Okay. Phones are down. Thank you. How you doing? Billy, right? Heard you were having a problem with your telephones, hmm? No, I don't think so. Why don't you check it out? Well, what do you know? Let me tell you something. Sometimes you get interference if your security cameras are running on the same line. No. Cameras record straight to the disks. So let me take a look. Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa. Phone lines are that way. You sure about that? Just messin' with ya, son. Winston, I think we're gonna need another distraction. I have an idea. Mr. Chance simply wanted us to bring him the case. Yeah, but...Be better to take it to him open, right? What are you thinking? Well, this is a personal case, so whatever the combo is has got to have personal meaning. But nothing too obvious. As we determined, there's nothing obvious about Mr. Guerrero. Right. So he wouldn't use the year he was born or the year he got married or... Is he even married? Not according to his tax form. But how reliable that information is, I couldn't say. So what do we know about Guerrero? That he... Wears glasses. Huh. What do you want, warden? Figured you might be hungry. Others ate already. Well, come and get it. I ordered the filet. Medium-rare. You'll eat it. 'Cause that's all you're gonna get. [Country Western song plays in background] Better start the car. Looks like I'm gonna have to play grab and go. Oh, so what now? I just hacked through two servers and four damn firewalls for nothing. Well, hell, I could have drove the damn truck through the front door or something! That would have been quicker and a hell of a lot more distracting. [Country Western music continues over P.A.] ♪ ♪ Hey. Hey! Phone guy's robbin' us! Okay, listen, I don't want-- you're in for a world of hurt. [Lively country song plays] Chance! [Rifle shots continue] Chance, what the hell is going on in there? [Rifle fire continues] Just some customers testing the merchandise. ♪ Here I am standin' in the desert with a gun ♪ ♪ ♪ These people are crazy! Drive. (Ilsa) What are you doing? You can't just keep guessing. Relax. I was thinking that sometimes people use words instead of numbers. You know, it's easy to remember, harder to guess. The one thing I know about Guerrero-- that man loves his car. His Cadi. That's four letters! Or as he likes to call it, the Eldo. 3... 5, 2, 6. Nicely done! Okay. This what be what they're looking for-- some kind of log-- deliveries, times, addresses. Are these files on us? This photo was taken of me in Paris two weeks ago. How-- he has...Copies of my bank statements! He does have my phone tapped. He has transcripts. This is unsettling, to say the least. Okay. Right there. Pause it. Oh, yeah, that definitely ain't Guerrero. No, but they've met before. I saw that guy at the jail when I went to visit Guerrero. He's one of the guards. You gotta get down there and tell Guerrero. [Cell phone rings] Yeah, what's up? You'll be pleased to hear we were able to open the briefcase. Or rather, Ames was able to. Nice work. What'd you find? It appears to be a log of pickups and deliveries centering around one address in particular. Let me guess-- Redding County jail. Yes. How do you know? One of the guards bought the murder weapon. A guard? Why? I don't know, but something's going on in that jail. It's past visiting hours, but I got an idea. Oh! Jesus! Oh, damn it! [Sighs] Good afternoon, officer. Something I can do for you, son? Yes. I'm here to turn myself in. Turn yourself in. For what? I'm the guy who robbed Gun World. Yeah. [Men shouting and taunting] Hey. Fancy meeting you here. Just thought you might get lonely. Don't get lonely, dude. I prefer the company of a good book to most people. So, uh...This all part of your plan here? No, I had to improvise. But you know how that is. Mm-hmm. So they wanted the notebook, these people who are framing you. - What notebook? - Oh, you know. The one that you keep in your locker with the incriminating evidence against the meth suppliers that your friend was working with. Dude...You broke into my locker? My personal briefcase? So not cool. I'm sorry-- where's Mr. Chance? He got arrested for allegedly robbing Gun World. He should be getting processed and thrown in a jail cell right about now. And how is this helping exactly? Look... The security tape at Gun World shows that there was a prison guard who bought the murder weapon. Now, along with this log you brought, we know that there's something funny going on over there at that jail. Chance being inside-- well, it kinda speeds things up for us finding out what that is before Guerrero does something... Regrettable. And what's his plan once inside? Well, you know Chance. He prefers to wing it. You know, I ordered these for the entire table. But listen--don't panic. What we do know is that every Wednesday at 2:00 there's a drop-off scheduled at a truck stop right near the highway. Now, with Chance and Guerrero working the inside, I'm gonna go down to the truck stop, see if I can find some evidence that maybe bails their asses out in case they come up empty-handed. Okay. Well, uh, what can we do? Oh. You're gonna come with me. And what about me? How can I help? You wouldn't happen to know the Governor of Alabama, would ya? [Exhales] All right, fine. I'm pretty sure they put me in here so they could put the squeeze on me. They inquired about the notebook through an intellectually impaired intermediary. Let's just say he's not the brains behind the operation. Well, let's just say we have one of the guards on tape buying a murder weapon-- Eddie, I think his name is? - He's a dead man. Well, he's not the only one involved. See, before I turned myself in, Winston and I did a little bit of digging on the crew here, including warden Clancy Cole. (Chance) He used to work for the DEA busting these backwoods meth labs. Apparently, the DEA didn't pay that much. Neither does a prison warden, really. But somehow he's managed to accumulate over $1 million in offshore accounts with a series of aliases. Now, either he's been day trading or he's been using his experience busting meth labs for personal gain. (Guerrero) You think the meth lab is here on the grounds? (Chance) Well, it's a perfect cover-- inside government fences run like a private institution. So they're right here all along. I'm assuming you've already scoped out all the possible escape routes. - Of course. Notice any meth labs? Sorry for keeping you waiting, Ms. Pookie. It's Pucci, actually. My apologies, Ms. Pucci. Things are a little crazy here at the moment. You've caught me in the middle of a reelection campaign, but it is a pleasure to meet you. Likewise. And I appreciate you seeing me at such short notice. So you'll forgive me for being blunt, but I have a full day ahead of me. My aide briefed me on your situation-- a meth lab in the Redding County Detention Center. That's a serious allegation. But I can't just go storming in stirring up a hornet's nest without sufficient evidence. Well, we're working on acquiring the evidence as we speak. - Tell you what-- why don't I put you in touch with the local authorities? Governor Strong, I have friends in Washington who tell me you're gunning for a Senate seat, and from what I've read, we agree on almost all of the major issues. Your efforts to increase awareness in environmentalism and social justice ought to be applauded. - Well, thank you-- - If I'm not mistaken, you raised $50,000 last month for your campaign? Yes. But it's still early-- how does another 50 sound for one afternoon? So what color we looking for again? White with a red stripe. White with a green cab, or all green. There's one with a red stripe. No, that... That looks more like a maroon or... Ruby to me. It's dark red. Come on. Too easy. I need another challenge like that briefcase. No. What we need is to get in here and find some evidence. So let's go. Come on. Oh... What's--what is this? All right... Snow globes? Handmade by inmates. One of a kind collector's items. Why would somebody collect prison snow globes? More important than that, where's all the meth? Let me see that. Well...Different kind of snow in that globe. [Truck engine starts up] We gotta get out of here. Aw, damn it. It's locked! (Guerrero) If the warden's hiding anything, it would be in the building around the corner. Don't know what's in it, though, dude. No prisoners allowed. Extra security. Trucks come and go twice a day, dude. Plan "F" was to commandeer one, crash it through that gate right there. - Oh, real subtle. - Thank you. You should hear plan "G". (Guard) Don't let anyone else in. We should check the other building, because the loading dock's on the other side, right? (Chance) Something tells me they're not joining us for brunch. Food sucks anyway. They want the notebook. Yeah? I want you to piss off. We all don't get what we want, now, do we? There's four of us now. Well, there's only two of us. I mean, it's-- it's hardly fair. Then tell your friend to cooperate. He meant for you guys, bro. [Rock music plays] ♪ ♪ Come on, let's get outta here before they find this mess. ♪ She's the first to run like hell ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ she's the first to run like hell ♪ Where'd they go? Did you see 'em? Where'd you come from? Wow. Looks like we found our meth lab. Bring your camera? Well, I'll be damned. California's made himself a friend. I'm not sure why you're so inclined to protect that dumbass friend of yours. I mean, he's already dead. All you had to do was give up the damn notebook. [Laughs] Right! Then what do you do, drop the charges and set him free? Probably just pin the murder on Eddie here-- he's the one who bought the weapon. Who the hell are you? Oh, I'm the guy who robbed Gun World. Enough about me. Let's keep the focus on you. I think smuggling highly illegal narcotics across state lines is like a federal offense. Worth killing for to keep secret. No matter who gets in your way. Well, you're right about one thing. The killing part, that is. But I'm a sporting man. I'll give you both a shot at freedom. Open the gate. You got ten seconds to make it outta here before they start shooting. Oh, I'm not wearing my running shoes. Then you better go barefoot. Warden, you're just not getting it--we're not the running type. It's frowned upon in the social circles we travel in. Might as well just go ahead and kill us. Yeah. Give that a go. (Warden Cole) Take 'em out. You never should have hit me in the face. Come on! [Siren blaring] Everybody--inside, now! (Ilsa) Mr. Winston, I need the evidence now. Hang on a second. Come on! (Ames) Okay... Uh, we're heading up... To the entrance ramp of the... I-65 heading...North. - Okay, we're headed North-- - No, wait. - East. - Hang on a second. [Angrily] Which one is it? This is what we call highly relevant information! I don't know, okay? I pick locks. Figure it out yourself. You couldn't have just handed me the phone, wise-ass? All right, hang on. Um...We're headed, uh... Hell, I don't know. Up and to the right? Northeast! Northeast on I-65. - You copy? - Yes, I copy. But the Governor requires hard evidence. We got a truck full of evidence, okay? You better hurry, of you're gonna have to bribe the Governor of Tennessee too! They have the evidence. Okay. I guess I'll call the feds. Yes, of course. But I believe I paid for a personal appearance. Ah, hell. If you're right... Maybe I'll get some press out of it. [Alarm blaring] Probably should have run when you had the chance. Bet you're both regretting that about now. What are the odds of this whole place blowing up any second? You might as well come out and save us the hassle. I don't know, dude. I don't gamble. House always wins. (Warden Cole) Even if you do get past us, there's a sniper on the door. You will not be leaving here alive. I'd say ten to one there's chemicals everywhere in here. Eddie, go see what they're up to. Good point. What's the plan now? Let's get outta here. [Guards shouting] [Tires screeching] What's going on? [Whispers] Shh. Don't move. - Think it's the cops? - I don't know. Maybe. Or maybe this little drug deal just went south. Either way, we're about to find out. Hands up--now! Drop your weapons! They're with me. (Governor Strong) At ease, gentlemen. [Alarm blaring] (Warden Cole) Lock all the exits! Don't let them out! [Guard shouts] Try that side! (Warden Cole) Shoot them on sight! [Lighter clicks] You got ten seconds before I start shooting. Sound fair? [Counting fast] Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five-- whoa, whoa, whoa, Guerrero. Guerrero, it's over. We got him. Dude... He killed my friend and he framed me for it. I know. But if you kill him now, he's not gonna suffer-- Oh, he's gonna suffer, all right. Isn't the saying an eye for an eye? Oh, hey, hey, hey. Take it easy. [Tires screeching] [Siren whoops] Let's go. What is this? (Winston) Take it easy with his head. Warden, watch your head getting in the-- well... Two days. Just like we said. You said one. He said one. Well, that was just for effect. I mean, two was more realistic. Uh-huh. I coulda done it in one. You know, a simple thank-you would-- who am I talking to, Mr. Manners? You're welcome! What are you guys, cops or something? Why they letting you out? Good behavior. So behave. Okay, before you look inside, you should know it's all fixable. - You should have taken his eye out. - I should have killed him. Mr. Guerrero. If you'd care to join us in the plane, I can arrange for your car to be shipped home. No, thanks. I'll drive. Please tell me they didn't touch the engine. They didn't touch the engine. Still... It's quite a long drive. And it would be a lovely opportunity for us to discuss your spying on us. Look, Ilsa, I'm grateful for you helping me out and all, but-- Of course. However, back to the spying. I don't know what you do with your free time, but following me to Sunday bowling league? Seriously, you need a hobby. You need to work on your follow-through. It's all in the wrist. Fine. I'll stop watching everyone's back. - Wanna give me my briefcase? Oh, yes, sure. Find anything else in here? No. Nothing else. Oh, uh, except a bunch of fish food. Seriously, what's with that? Is it like a...Poison to torture people with? No. It's for feeding fish. Are you sure you won't join us? No. Thanks. Hey, Guerrero, how 'bout I buy you a drink? Celebrate our new-found freedom. Drink sounds good. Haven't eaten in a couple days. Food sounds better. Oh, I know a place. [Pickup bell dings] Enjoy. What am I supposed to do with this? Suck the head. Pinch the tail. That's gross. I'm gonna order a cheeseburger. So what do you want to talk about? All right. I know you have a reputation to uphold, but in the future, a simple collect call would make it a lot easier on all of us. [Laughs] - You're joking, right? - No. - Ilsa put you up to that? - [Laughs] No. Dude, you sound like my dad. That's a disturbing thought. But on that note... What's this? It's his birthday coming up soon, right? Yeah. I figured you didn't have much time to shop, being in jail and all. ♪ Close your eyes, I'll be here ♪ ♪ in the morning ♪ It's drug-free, by the way. ♪ Close your eyes ♪ ♪ I'll be here for a while ♪ Thanks, bro. Don't mention it. Right on. ♪ Close your cryin' eyes ♪ ♪ I'll be layin' here beside you ♪ ♪ when the sun comes on the rise ♪ ♪ I'll stay as long as the cuckoo wails ♪ ♪ and the lonesome blue Jay cries ♪ ♪ close your eyes, I'll be here ♪ ♪ in the mornin' ♪ ♪ close your eyes, I'll be here ♪ ♪ for a while ♪ ♪ close your eyes, I'll be here ♪ ♪ in the mornin' ♪ ♪ close your eyes, I'll be here for a while ♪ == sync, corrected by elderman == == for www.addic7ed.com == 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 