Black Market: Dispatches: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Black Market: Dispatches 
 s1e1 - The Tunnels of Gaza - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Black Market: Dispatches (2016): Season 1, Episode 1 - The Tunnels of Gaza - full transcript 
 Suffering under economic blockade, Gazans use an illegal network of tunnels to smuggle in goods to survive. But the tunnels are under attack from Israel and Egypt. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 How do you -- how do you wrap your mind around risking your life that much every day just to put food on the table? My God. We are in Gaza, and basically, a few steps in front of me is the official borderline into Egypt. Got a lot respect for Dina Amer for, you know, having the courage to go down in those Gaza tunnels and giving us just a glimpse of what it must be like to live under one of the harshest embargoes in the world. We're 30 meters underground right now. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 At any moment, this could collapse, or even the Egyptians could bomb us. Everybody in Gaza feels like they're denied everything -- food, basic medical supplies. It feels like what we would consider a prison. Our goal is just to simply show the world a window as to why people do the things they do and where that desperation comes from. It's like they say, when the system fails you... ...you create your own system. We're in this caged corridor, which is the official crossing into Gaza. There's a feeling already that we're entering a place that's clearly cut off from the rest of the world. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Tunnels provide a black market economy and a way for people to transport goods into Gaza because it is very difficult to get things in through the official crossing. This is the end point of the tunnel economy. The central market in Rafah. And this little package of chocolates is from Turkey, and it came from the tunnels. Smuggled goods can be marked up as much as 500%, so a gallon of milk that might cost the equivalent of $4 in Egypt can go for $20 in Gaza. Three wars in 10 years have left the economy in Gaza destroyed. The series of conflicts began in 2006 when the militant group Hamas won an election and took control of Gaza. In response, Israel has tried to cut off Hamas from the world, only allowing a limited amount of humanitarian aid in. So Gazans began digging over 2,500 tunnels to Israel and to Egypt that delivered everything from water to livestock to cigarettes to medicine. But Hamas also uses some tunnels to move weapons and fighters into Israel. So Israel began a campaign to destroy them. But another conflict here is with Egypt. Egypt stepped up its presence along the border with Gaza after an attack killed dozens of soldiers. When hardline general Abdel Fattah el-Sisi took power in a coup in 2012, he ordered his men to start destroying the tunnels he claims connect militants in Egypt's Sinai to Gaza. The last remaining tunnels are owned by a small group of men, some of whom are Gaza's wealthiest merchants. We meet up with two of them to learn what it takes to build and run a tunnel and to see if we can get permission to film in one. We get permission to go down in one of their tunnels that had been bombed but is being rebuilt. We're driving to Rafah now, the border crossing between Egypt and Gaza and the ground zero of the tunnel economy. So, we just crossed a security checkpoint. We are in a heavily militarized area right now. This is Rafah, the border crossing between Egypt and Gaza. All of these mounds of sand is the remnants of what's been dug up to create the tunnels, essentially. So on the other side of this mound is Egypt. Hamas soldiers stand on dirt mounds and look out at their Egyptian counterparts just 100 yards away. The Egyptians are freaking out. They've managed to see our cameras, and they're threatening to shoot us. He's gonna let me go up. The Egyptian soldiers warn our team to leave the area, or they will open fire. Despite the threats, our contacts agree to take us to a tunnel entrance just a couple hundred yards away hidden under a tent. Going down! Holy shit. My God. This is fucking scary. Guys. Are there people here? Wow, yeah. Even though we're 30 meters underground right now, there's electricity, there's, microphones that they have connected here so that they can communicate. But, of course at any moment, this could collapse, or even the Egyptians could bomb us. The tunnel will be used to smuggle goods to the Palestinians living here under an economic blockade. Okay. I meet a 15- and 16-year-old who have been digging tunnels for more than two years. All right, here we go. We decide to head further into the tunnel, closer to the Egyptian border. Wow. I'm in a tunnel under Gaza's border with Egypt that will be used to smuggle contraband into Gaza. So -- so, basically, they -- they use, this machinery over here to pull in, um, bags of sand so they can dig in deeper and get further into Egypt. Um, these workers don't want to have their faces revealed, so this is -- this is really, really dangerous for them. We should -- we -- we need to move out because their lives are in danger basically right now if their faces are revealed. Okay. I think we need to -- These guys have hundreds of yards left to dig before they can break the surface and connect with their Egyptian partners. Whoo! Being down their makes you realize just how bad things are in Gaza. With unemployment at 45% and so few goods coming in, you can understand why Gazans are willing to risk so much to build these tunnels. Mohammed Omer is an author and journalist who covers the illegal tunnel economy that keeps Gaza alive. Here we are in Rafah. This is your neighborhood? - Yeah. You've been here all your life? Yes. Rafah is just filled with buildings like these that are just completely, like, destroyed from the war? Well, I mean, this is one of the best buildings, if you ask me. Really? This area used to be filled with working tunnels. Yes. Remember that this used to be the hub of the economy in the Gaza Strip. The tunnels economy at least employed 30,000 to 40,000 workers. Between the period of June 2013 until October 2013, the Gaza de facto authorities said that they had lost $460 million in revenues from this tunnel. Wow. So they would tax each item coming through the tunnels. - Yes, indeed. - Hamas would tax it, of course. Yeah, you have to get a clearance beforehand of what's coming, and then you need to bring it. Even if you are bringing sheeps, animals, if you bring cows from Egypt through the tunnels, you need to make sure that they go through the tax system, which will provide the money and revenue to the Palestinian de facto authorities in Gaza. If we look from here, the Egyptian side, it's being completely destroyed because Egypt has started this policy of, creating a buffer zone of 500 meters. And then they have decided to increase it into another 500. And now it's even going beyond one kilometer of destruction as we see. Why do you think the Egyptians are so threatened by the tunnels? Why do they have such an investment in destroying them? It's actually to crash the Hamas government in the Gaza Strip and also to -- not to create any linkage between Hamas and the remains of the Muslim Brotherhood. If you stay here for one more hour, you will hear massive bombardment throughout the night, and it stays until early morning. These bombings have meant getting access to an operational tunnel is proving really difficult. Our local producer, Mohammed, has been trying to get permission from Hamas. Yeah. So, they have, like, control over all the tunnels. They're aware of every single tunnel that's going out of Gaza. Yeah. And no one can get access to it without their permission. Yeah. 'Cause if they trust you, they give you everything. But if they don't trust you, they don't give you anything. So, we have to get them to trust us. - Exactly. - Okay. Great. We're waiting on Hamas. I'm in Gaza, and we're waiting on word form Hamas to film inside one of the illegal tunnels that bring in contraband goods. In the meantime, I want to meet some of the families that depend on these tunnels to survive. So I headed to the mosque for Friday prayers. After the service, I met a young woman named Ahlam. Ahlam invited us into her home. She lives with her parents, who were well off before the blockade. My mother. My sister. This is their Friday-night meal. They couldn't find any meat at the market. Her father had to spend two days of wages to buy a few cans of chickpeas, some vegetables, and pita bread. Even a middle-class family like Ahlam's depends on the tunnels. As the bombings continue, security has tightened. I linked back up with Mohammed to see if he heard back from Hamas. We are heading to Rafah to see one of the few tunnels left. We were lucky to see that and access this tunnel because he's -- he's afraid that if someone will know about that they're gonna destroy these tunnel later by air strike. We have finally got permission to film inside an operational tunnel. It takes up to 40 minutes for these sleds to make the mile-long journey from deep inside Egypt to Gaza. On this night, only a dozen shipments made it through. One carried medicine for one of Gaza's main hospitals. Another sled had potato chips. This is only a fraction of the goods that used to move through the border when their were thousands of tunnels. Poverty is increasing in Gaza. Young people are having no jobs. There are no chances. They're just gonna create more hatred by segregating and separating the Palestinians from the rest of the world. Since we filmed, the tunnel I went down in was flooded by the Egyptian military. The workers I met are safe, but now there are only a couple of tunnels left, further cutting off Gaza from the outside world and making people more desperate for new tunnels to open. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 