Black Market: Dispatches: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Black Market: Dispatches 
 s1e10 - Underground Fighting - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Black Market: Dispatches (2016): Season 1, Episode 10 - Underground Fighting - full transcript 
 The next generation of Japanese street gangs challenge the power of the Yakuza and make inroads into the underground fight scene. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 In Japan, it's all about honor and respect. Enson -- in a way, he takes us into this world where we get to see two men... who have put everything on the line for this just one fight to prove their manhood. In the streets of Japan, what do you do with all this potential in a community where there's no job opportunities? This is kind of like the old-school way of handling things. It's a little primitive, but, you know, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 it's a lot simpler as opposed to over here, sometimes, when it's who got the biggest gun. ** Our goal is just to simply show the world a window as to why people do the things they do, and where that desperation comes from. It's like they say, when the system fails you... ...you create your own system. ** Kitakyushu may look like the rest of the country, but there's another side. For decades here in Japan, the black market had been run by the Yakuza. But things are changing. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We're here now in Kokura, which is a town in Kitakyushu, which is one of the hubs for organized crime. The district is known for its sex workers and drugs smuggled in through its harbor. More recently, gangs have also moved into another illegal business -- underground mixed-martial-arts fights. It's a world I'm familiar with. I started out as a street fighter and went on to fight professionally for 19 years. I was ready to die every time I entered the ring. Because of that, a lot of my fans were gangsters. They feared me and they respected me. I got word that there was an underground fight coming up, so I went down to Kitakyushu to see how a new generation of gangsters are moving into the fight scene. I've known this gang for years... All right, let's go in. ...and I've seen them grow from just a couple of guys into a gang of over a hundred. This gang has what's known in Japan as "Gurentai" -- a loosely-organized street gang similar to what you'll find in a big American city. In Japan, almost no one has guns, even gangsters, so these guys rely on their fists and other implements. U.S.A.! As the gang has grown, the cops have taken notice. ** The Gurentai used to be the minor leagues for the Yakuza, Japan's infamous crime clans. The Yakuza are Japan's organized-crime families -- very, very similar to the Mafia in the United States. They run protection rackets, they shake people down, they control the drugs, they control the prostitution. They are deeply enmeshed in Japanese politics, and they play a role in the Japanese financial system that goes far beyond what we know as the Mafia. But in 2011, the government cracked down on the Yakuza, passing new laws making it hard for the Yakuza members to do business and to find new recruits. Sometimes these crackdowns are related to a breach in the unspoken rules. The Yakuza steps over a line, and it's time for the police to remind them who's in charge. It even became illegal for Yakuza members to set foot in fighting arenas. Control over the fight scene, both legal and underground, was now up for grabs. ** All these gangsters, they all pretty much run gyms. Let's go check it out. The gang's leader, Natsu, and his lieutenant, Maza, are training a street fighter called Kita. Like millions of young Japanese, Kita grew up with few job opportunities in an economy rocked by years of stagnation and recession. The economy in Japan has been in a near zombie state for far too long. The number of jobs available to young people has fallen off. They have a hard time finding meaningful work. He turned to crime and did two-and-a-half years in prison for aggravated assault. So, now that he's out, Kita wants to get work with this gang and become part of their family. Impressing its leader in an underground fight is the fastest way. ** ** It's two days before the underground match, and I'm here to meet Kita's opponent at a rival gym. For Gurentai gangs, these gyms also serve as recruitment centers. And this is the guy who runs the gym... The gym owner introduced me to a Gurentai fighter named Shin. He's hoping a win against Kita will earn him some respect on the street. I wanted to hear what the Yakuza thought about the rise of these young gangs, so I called an old Yakuza friend of mine who is in one of Japan's most violent clans. We're gonna go meet Koike right now and talk to him. And last time I met him, he went nuts and beat up the managers and kind of wrecked the shops. I took this footage with my camera the last time we hung out. He was a little upset with the slow service from our waiter. I had to step in before things got out of hand. Whoa, check this out. Yakuzas cannot enter. And this is -- this is the police symbol here. Koike is a Yakuza from the old school, known in the streets for his short fuse. Ooh. Seven people, he said. Seven people. ** For the Yakuza, the Gurentai are just low-level punks who will never threaten their power. But on the streets of Kitakyushu, it's clear the Yakuza is losing its grip on the next generation. Kita's opponent, Shin, is like a lot of gangsters I've met. He doesn't want to answer to a Yakuza boss. ** ** We caught up with Kita on his way to a tattoo parlor popular with Natsu and his gang. ** The government crackdown means that any Yakuza member can be rounded up at any time. For young gangsters like these, that's just another reason why they are choosing to join smaller street gangs. ** We're going to the ocean side, where they've organized a fight that's gonna happen right now. My experiences, from watching these type of gangsters fight, they'll fight for their pride and their ego. And these -- these fights are way more exciting. We've arrived at a remote property -- unaccessible by the cops or the Yakuza. We're on this -- like, this private property. There's more guys coming down here. This is where they usually do it. This is it, man. It's gonna happen soon. Kita and Shin are fighting for honor and respect. The $1,600 prize will go to the gang of the winning street fighter. ** Yeah. Winning the street fight has got Kita in with Natsu and his gang. He's found a new family and a way to make some cash. For the Gurentai gangs of Kitakyushu, times are flush. Their move into the fight scene might be a sign of the times. As the Yakuza's control over the Japanese crime world fades, a new generation of gangster may be emerging. ** 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 