Black Market: Dispatches: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Black Market: Dispatches 
 s1e7 - Cheap Whites - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Black Market: Dispatches (2016): Season 1, Episode 7 - Cheap Whites - full transcript 
 With their economy in shambles and a simmering war with Russia, Ukraine's citizens depend on smuggling contaminated, illegal cigarettes into the EU for survival. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This story is about two Europes. You've got -- one side is broke-ass Europe -- the Ukraine -- and the other side you have, you know wonderland, The European Union. And they figured out a black market to make cheap cigarettes. I'm on my way to buy some unmarked, untaxed, under-the-counter cigarettes. The job is to get them over to the European Union where the taxes are so high. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The reason why the taxes are so high is because they want people to stop smoking. So Tom Littlewood is headed to Ukraine to investigate how smugglers are finding ingenious ways to get their goods across that border. Our goal is just to simply show the world a window as to why people do the things they do, where that desperation comes from. It's like they say, when the system fails you... you create your own system. ** According to Berlin's custom authorities, there are over 350 points of sale 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 for black-market cigarettes in the city. Those are nearly exclusively in the former East Berlin and run by the Vietnamese mafia. I'm about to meet a gang who sell cigarettes here in this housing estate. These vendors sell contraband cigarettes on street corners and public parks for half the price of legal smokes. Which cigarettes are you selling? Marlboro. Interestingly without the tax stubs on them. These ones do have tax stamps. But this brand is not officially sold in Berlin. And how much do you sell a pack of these cigarettes for? Do you know exactly where they come from? These underground cigarette dealers are the end of a supply line that starts hundreds of miles away in Ukraine. Ukraine is a country on the brink. Revolution, war, economic stagnation, the perfect conditions for a thriving contraband economy. And ordinary people struggling to get by are increasingly relying on smuggling products like illegal cigarettes to make ends meet. I'm just walking through the city center of Lviv and I'm on my way to buy some unmarked, untaxed, under-the-counter cigarettes. Cigarettes are some of the most heavily taxed products in the world. In some EU countries, two-thirds of the price goes to the government. The big money in cigarette trafficking is made here in Eastern Europe, where underground factories produce unregulated cigarettes made specifically to be smuggled. They are known on the street as "Cheap Whites." Cheap Whites cheat governments out of billions in taxes and they also pose a serious public-health threat. These half-priced cigarettes drive up smoking rates, which leads to more cancer and heart disease. And because Cheap Whites are made in unregulated factories from the Soviet era, they contain all sorts of nasty ingredients. Public-health campaigns across the EU warn people of some of the surprising ingredients you might find in Cheap Whites, from rat feces to toxins such as arsenic and asbestos. These Jin Lings, from the quality, they look identical. The thing is that these guys cost half the price of these. We're talking 50 cents and $1. At first glance, these look incredibly similar to Camels. Of course you got a different name on the pack and importantly a goat instead of a camel. That's why a lot of the smugglers refer to these Jin Lings as the little goats. Ivan is a small-time smuggler who agreed to show us how his operation works if we hide his identity. First he needs to pick up the cigarettes. We just stopped in a town where Ivan's gonna buy the cigarettes. There's a local market here. Is there any way those cigarettes are made in England? Yeah, let's have a look inside. These are made, manufactured, designed and sold all within the Ukraine. All the writing and the health warnings, everything is in English. And they've even taken the cheek of putting the Royal Crest on top of the packet. And I saw you also have a box of Marlboros in there as well. A handful of underground factories in Russia and Ukraine produce 24 billion of these cigarettes each year. But with the state of Ukraine's economy, nobody makes any money on these, unless those cigarettes can make it over the border into the European Union. You're the guy who drives the car across the border? And when you're actually in Poland, how do you sell them? Why did you start smuggling cigarettes? The car itself -- there's a Polish license plate. So that car has to be constantly crossing the border between Ukraine and Poland. Do you ever worry about getting caught? We're back on the road and we're traveling to Poland where those cigarettes go from being worth $50 to $300. Ivan's partner will sell his Cheap Whites on to a contact just over the border. If all goes according to plan, he will return in 12 hours to give Ivan his split of the money. The smuggler's partner safely crossed into Poland, sold off the cigarettes and crossed back into Ukraine without detection. Together they made about $150 each for this run. It might not seem like a lot for an international smuggling operation, but in Ukraine, it's actually a big payday. And how long do you think you'll carry on doing this? How many people do you know who live the same way as you, smuggling cigarettes? And do you have kids? And what do you hope for your kids? They'd love to just stop doing this, they'd love to get out. But in order for that to happen, there needs to be a change in the system, there needs to be a change in the country. And because of endemic corruption, both of them just seemed like they are, they are not sure they are ever gonna see that happen. I'm about to meet the chief editor of a local journalist collective. She's one of the few people in the region reporting on the black market. Because of that, she's been the victim of numerous threats and intimidation. So can you tell me about the organizations behind the black market? How important is that to Ukraine economy? Galina just told me this is a good way to understand Ukrainian mentality. Basically a bunch of guys digging up the road to fill in the existing holes in the road. And that way no one really knows how much money has been spent on the whole thing. And it was frustration with this corrupt system that drove millions of Ukrainians to the streets in 2013 to demand a change of leadership. After months of protests, they overthrew the Russian-backed President, Viktor Yanukovych. But today Ukraine is isolated. Cut off from the European Union to the west and a war with Russia simmering in the east. With the country going broke, so many Ukrainians are working in the underground economy, the tax revenues are dwindling. And government officials have come to depend on bribes and kickbacks. Smugglers who can afford to pay off government officials can manufacture and distribute illegal cigarettes with little risk of arrest. But to the border with the European Union, authorities are waging a military-style crackdown. And one of the frontlines of the battle between smugglers and law enforcement is the border of Ukraine and EU member Romania. We literally just stepped over the border into Romania and our Chief of Police got a call saying some cigarettes have been seized on the border. We're heading there right now. We've just crossed into Romania and the border patrol claims they've made a big bust. The contraband cigarettes would've been worth more than $20,000 on the streets of the EU, but the smugglers escaped before they were caught. What kind of punishments are dished out to people who get caught with cigarettes in their cars? Authorities tried to discourage smuggling with violent interdiction and jail time. But cigarette syndicates stand to gain so much if they can get across this border that they are still not deterred. More and more money the state throws at the problem trying to catch these untaxed cigarettes, the more and more creative the guys smuggling have become. I'm currently driving through the Carpathian Mountains with the boss of a local smuggling gang. The boss, who goes by the name of Legion, is going to show me the creative way he smuggles his cigarettes to avoid the EU crackdown. We've just arrived at the boss's secret mountain hideout. It's a deserted ski lodge, the beautiful panoramic view of the mountains and there's a little log fire burning and these two blondes that he lovingly referred to as his babies. What are their names? Where did you find them? Do you think, like, your business can only exist because of the high tax in Europe? Yes. Yes. Just getting real-time translation. Demand? Demand, yeah. Do you see yourself as a criminal at all? Cheers! So, how did you get into the black market in the first place? How old were you? What was that like, to be 17 and carry a huge bag of weapons over the border? You're a boss of your own group, your own gang, but you have bosses above you as well? How about your organization? How is your organization set up? The next day we head out to the secret spot on the Ukrainian side of the Carpathian Mountains where Legion's smuggling operation takes off. But just as we start up the mountain, he gets a phone call. The weather has turned, and his smuggler is having second thoughts. I'm with a Ukrainian cigarette smuggler who's figured out a way to avoid the Romanian border patrol. So we're all set up and ready to go. We're just waiting for the pilot to give the okay, the wind to drop a little bit more, and then he's gonna be lifting off with a nice small amount of cigarettes strapped to his machine and end up flying off over there straight into Romania. The pilot will fly one and half hours into Romania and drop the package for a smuggler on the other side. Flying over this heavily patrolled border is high-risk smuggling. Just last month, two of his pilots were shot out of the sky. So they were flying over the Romanian border and the cops shot them? What are the main risks that he's facing now? How do you feel now watching him fly off? How many cigarettes is he carrying? How much money is he gonna make with that? Do you know who buys for the Germans? Flying high to evade the authorities, this is the moment where the pilot crosses the river that separates Ukraine from the EU. And the price of the cigarettes he is carrying just went up 300%. Demand for Cheap Whites on the streets of Berlin and across Western Europe continues to grow. But since we filmed, the fight over illegal cigarettes in Ukraine has heated up. Right-wing paramilitary groups began waging a vigilante campaign they claim is to root out corruption -- opening fire on local police they say are involved in cheap-white trade. As a result, Legion says he has shut down his entire cheap white smuggling operation. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 