Save Me: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Save Me 
 s1e11 - Episode #1.11 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Save Me (2017–2019): Season 1, Episode 11 - Episode #1.11 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 THE SHIP OF SALVATION SHALL MAKE YOU WHOLE SAVE ME You ready? Let's go. -Sang-mi! -Don't let them fool you! They're demons! How dare you covet the Mighty New Sky's daughter! Sang-mi! Thank you. In order to receive salvation, they said they must give me to the cult leader. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We don't have evidence yet. Think they'll investigate properly? Call this lady's father and tell him to come. I'll go back. I'll try doing whatever I can. What happened? Why did she go back there? The time has come to pray with all our might. Sang-mi expected things to turn out like this. I'm also going to try things my way now. I need to see what kind of place it is for myself. Once the Spiritual Father makes the announcement, you'll be trained to be Spiritual Mother. Then you have a wedding of the New Sky. There's not a person with power in Mooji that isn't associated with that place. This is my son. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Your son has such a pure soul. Hello? Your father wants to see you. Come to the nursing home. Thank you for coming all this way. Sang-hwan's here. This is my son. Your son... has such a pure soul. Say hello. He is the pastor of Gooseonwon. Father. This man... is not a pastor. He's the leader of a cult! Hey, you! How dare you talk like that! I apologize for that. My son is still very immature. It's quite all right. It's Sang-hwan, right? I am simply a priest trying to spread the word of salvation. That friend you asked me about, too. Father Baek here has offered to take much better care of her. From what he says, she's quite ill, and has a wounded heart right now. Your father also asked the nearby welfare division for help, so there's no need to worry. Father. You did the same thing three years ago. I asked you to help my innocent friend who was facing jail time because he had no money and no connections. You turned your back on him to become governor! What is it this time? Provincial governor? Member of the National Assembly? -Stop! -When I was young, didn't you tell me that it was the duty of people with power, like you, to help the weak and those in need? He locked up a girl who could be the age of your daughter, and intends to do who-knows-what with her! Han Sang-hwan! Who do you think you are to say something like that? Father, have you now... sided with a cult leader? Just how low do you plan to stoop? Why, you! Pastor Baek, I'm so sorry. My stupid son made a terrible mistake. I apologize on his behalf. It's quite all right. Sang-hwan. The Mighty New Sky does not turn his back on the weak and those in need. That is why he entrusted Sang-mi to me. So, please trust me, and believe in the Mighty New Sky. WE PRAY FOR YOUR RECOVERY BAEK JEONG-GI It turns out... you're all the same. It's okay, Brother Wan-deok. Did you have something left to say? I'm warning you. Don't lay a finger on my friend. If you do... you'll be sorry. Do you like Sang-mi, Sang-hwan? What bullshit. I'm just talking about the heart. In the same way you can't hide your feelings for Sang-mi, the Mighty New Sky also cannot hide his love for her. So, please do not misunderstand us. We shall treasure and take care of her better than anyone. You have to know that Sang-mi doesn't share the same feelings for you or this Mighty New Sky. Don't make judgments. Come by and see for yourself. People these days don't believe in what they don't see for themselves, right? -Watch your step. -Thank you. Welcome, all! Blessings. Come on up. -We shall be blessed. -We shall be blessed. -Blessings. -Please take one of these each. Come by and see for yourself. People these days don't believe in what they don't see for themselves, right? To my beloved Spiritual Father. Hello. Spiritual Father, my husband. I'm Shim Hyo-seo, a second grader in class three at Mooji Elementary. During the Words of Salvation, you made me realize that paradise is only there for those who are joyous. I'm filled with joy when I see the Spiritual Father. That's why this place is paradise for me. Spiritual Father, I'm living the life of faith well, so I really want to become your Spiritual Mother someday. I want to ask the Mighty New Sky to make me into the Spiritual Mother. Such a precious daughter of faith. Yes. However, there is no daughter of faith more precious than our current Spiritual Mother-to-be. Don't you agree, Spiritual Mother? I will save them. Pardon? I will... save all of them no matter what. That's right, Sang-mi. You becoming the Spiritual Mother is a divine thing that will save everyone here. THE SHIP OF SALVATION SHALL MAKE YOU WHOLE Please rise. You are getting closer to the Mighty New Sky. We shall be blessed. Our sister, Park Bong-hee, has given a special offering to the Mighty New Sky for the Spiritual Mother today. We shall be blessed. Also, there are only a few steps left now until she becomes an apostle. Please bless her with a round of applause. I believe! We shall be blessed! I believe! GOOSEONWON MAIN BUILDING PRIVATE PRAYER ROOMS Today we shall finally rein in the Spiritual Mother. Okay, let's give a big round of applause to Sang-mi, who has been chosen as the Spiritual Mother. Like a white flower... our dark and dirty sins shall be cleansed pure. I believe! My beloved brothers and sisters. Now, on the day of the Mighty New Sky's revelation, the Spiritual Mother and I shall become one in a wedding of the New Sky. We shall be blessed. Then all of your filthy sins shall be cleansed. Do you believe? I believe! We shall be blessed! You can head down now. Okay. Don't. You're the Seok Dong-chul who was sent to juvie three years ago, right? Who are you? SPIRITUAL FATHER'S OFFICE NEW MEMBERS FAMILY WELCOMING EVENT Please, take a seat. Ahead of the wedding of the New Sky, there are some things I must request. Including myself, apostles and all Gooseonwon members must not eat meat from now on. We shall eat only clean, raw white rice. We must cleanse our blood before welcoming the Spiritual Mother. Do you all understand? Yes, Spiritual Father. Yes, Spiritual Father. Once I receive the Mighty New Sky's revelation, I shall decide on a date and inform you. So, please be fully prepared. Apostles Im and Kang, you must make Sang-mi as spiritually pure and clean as possible. Yes, Spiritual Father. We shall be blessed. I believe. Okay. Then you may leave. I've prepared something I would like you to include in your next sermon. Since we're welcoming in the Spiritual Mother, I think it would be a good idea to talk a little more about the Spiritual Mother special offerings. It's a special event, yet the offerings are less than expected. Here. "In the wake of the Spiritual Mother, we must rid ourselves of filthy objects that blind us and weigh down our hearts, so our souls are light and clean when we ride the Ship of Salvation." Well, that's the rough gist of it. But you know how to fix up sentences nicely. Is that okay? Then I'll be going, Spiritual Father. He who hides the Mighty New Sky's glory shall perish... in fire on the day of judgment. The Mighty New Sky, who has allowed us to get ready for the time of the New Sky by riding the Ark of Salvation in preparation for Judgment Day, I believe in you. Those who believe shall never die, and believers who live shall never taste death. I believe in that. You are now... the Mighty New Sky's body. No one will be able to stand against you. Sang-jin! I've been waiting for you all day! You need to return right after school. Where have you been? Ma'am. You can't leave your mother here! Mom. How did you get in here? Sang-mi. It's too dangerous. You have to leave. Sang-mi, don't do this. Let's leave together, now. No. I can't yet. Let's go. Don't stay here. We should go to the nursing home. Okay. Sang-mi. Is that the Spiritual Mother? I'm fine. Just get out of here. It seems Sister Kim came to listen to the Spiritual Father's sermon. Yes, Apostle Kang. Please take care of my Sang-jin and Sang-mi. Of course, I shall. You have nothing to worry about. By the way, has the fellow who usually drives gone somewhere? Oh, my, you're quick to catch on, Dong-chul. You said you buy and sell stocks. Must be because you're smart. It's not that. It's just that he's a large guy and all. He went to take care of business. We have to find someone. By the way, do you happen to have any friends who ride around together on scooters? All kids around here ride around on scooters. Can I ask why you're searching for them? Do you happen to have any friends like that? No, that's not it. I was just curious. They did something nice, but left before I could get their number. We really want to repay them for their kindness. Wow, they must've done something really nice. Yes. I really hope we find them. Here we are. -See you tomorrow. -Thank you. Tomorrow we have a speaking seminar, so you'll be able to ask any questions you have. Okay. -Goodbye. -Goodbye. -Dong-chul. -Yes? Make sure you come tomorrow. Sure. See you tomorrow. Drive safely. Who are you? I'm a journalist. I'm collecting info, undercover. I DON'T KNOW WHY YOU CAME HERE, BUT YOU MUSTN'T COME BACK Wow, he really is crazy. And so are you. How could you just sneak in there? Yeah, you're crazy. Guys. It seems that my father has joined hands with that cult leader. So, I wanted to confirm it for myself. I wanted to go in there and get some evidence, or anything. I'm sorry. Forget it. Whatever your dad does to try and stop us, you won't run away, right? Jeong-hoon. Upload the video I recorded to your streaming channel. I thought about it, and if my father is now with the cult leader, whether it be the police or media, no one will believe us. We have to show it to people directly to get them to listen to us. Yeah, okay. There we go. Also... one of the female members gave me this today. What is it? "I don't know why you came here, but you mustn't come back." What is this? I'm not totally certain, but she said she's an undercover journalist. -A journalist? -Yeah. "But you mustn't come back." Is this a warning or a threat? I'll find out once I ask her myself. Anyhow, I don't think this is any ordinary cult. That cult leader, too, is much more frightening than we thought. Watch your back, Dong-chul. You watch your back. That goes for you guys, too. That curly-haired guy is looking all over for you. All right. Let's all be careful. To begin with, I'll find out whether that journalist is someone who can help us. Also, let's look into what these people did before they came to Mooji. I need to head out first. Why? Let's have a drink. There's somewhere I have to go. See you tomorrow. Who... are you? Sorry? I saw everything. You stopped that guy earlier from approaching me. I don't know what you're talking about. Future Spiritual Mother, I must get on with what Apostle Kang has ordered. Do you truly believe that being here will grant you access to the Ship of Salvation? Do you really... believe what the Spiritual Father spouts? I really have no idea what you're... You already know it, too! That this place... is all a lie. Why are you playing dumb when you know? Isn't pretending you don't know when you do the worst thing you can do? Why do you think... that I'm pretending to not know anything? Because just like me, you looked like you were observing this place. When you asked me that question in the nursing home that time, I knew. If you can't leave, then run away. If you stay here, your body and soul shall both die. Then why haven't you left? That question. That was a question I asked so many times. "Why haven't I left this place"? I'd been here for over three years and not a single person had asked me that question. You're right. I don't believe in this place. Do you really... not believe in this place either? No. I am... a journalist. I couldn't find anything strange about this place from the outside, so one year ago, I disguised myself as a believer and went undercover. However, these people don't leave any evidence. Only recently have I... begun to finally get deeper. Then... I'll help you from here on. Sorry? I'm going to bring this place down no matter what. So, I need you to help me, too. Are you sure about this? I have some friends helping me. And now I have you. Okay. I'll do my best to help you. Spiritual Mother! Please deliver my prayers to the Spiritual Father! Please hear my prayer! Sister So-rin! What are you doing in front of the Future Spiritual Mother? Sister So-rin, you can't cheat like this. That's right. Future Spiritual Mother, you must not listen to her prayers. Right. The Mighty New Sky said not to ignore the prayer of someone in pain. If you two also have anything you want to say, tell me. I will deliver it to the Spiritual Father. Spiritual Mother-to-be. I have a son. That boy... My Future Spiritual Mother. -Me, too. -Spiritual Mother. Please save my son! -Spiritual Mother. -Oh, Spiritual Mother. Dong-chul. What? Thanks. And I'm sorry for making you go in that dangerous place... by yourself. Do you know... what the thing I hate hearing from you the most is? "Sorry." To be honest, you've done nothing wrong. Not you, not Sang-mi, nor me. This all happened because of adults. I thought if my father became governor... that my mom... would be able to get better. I was foolish. Sang-hwan. When I was expelled from school, and you stopped the juvie bus, do you remember what you said to me? "Stand tall, fool." What's that? We should check it out. Leave it. Honey, please help me. She'll just tear your hair out, and ask you to save her son. You're right. Come on. Honey... Honey Sang-mi. Sang-mi. This is your first time here, right, Apostle Im? Yes. You're now becoming a core apostle. It's a huge blessing. We shall be blessed. I believe. This is a place where many evil souls are gathered. I see. Okay, let's go inside. Okay. How is it? You can smell the putrid odor of Satan, can't you? Yes, I can. -This way. -Okay. Save me. Please save me! He's a politician who tried to lead our believers astray under the devil's control. A very wicked demon, indeed. I'm sorry. What are you sorry for? I dared to question your abilities, Spiritual Father. You are the Spiritual Father who will save us! Seducing people, tricking them, and making them arrogant is the crafty ruse of the devil. Filthy Satan! Leave the body of my precious child at once! Look. His sins have been collected in the form of congealed blood in his stomach. When I lay my hands on a sinner, they feel a pain proportional to the sins they've committed. Today, you shall lay your hands on him, Apostle Im. Me? Going forward, you shall be given the role of driving out demons by laying your hands on those inflicted. I thought that job was only for the most spiritually exceptional apostles? We don't have an apostle as spiritually exceptional as you. Sorry? Apostle Im, you gave that which is most precious to you to the Mighty New Sky. Isn't that right... Apostle Kang? Yes. He gave his most precious daughter to him. Apostle Im, please begin the prayer. Yes. Satan! In the name of the Mighty New Sky! Satan! With all his power! I command you in the name of the Mighty New Sky! Confess your sins and submit! Return to the pits of hell from where you came! What? Come and eat. Our sister, Park Bong-hee, has given a special offering to the Mighty New Sky for the Spiritual Mother. Is that a friend? I've fixed you some dinner. Eat before you go to work. Where are you going again? Jin-chul's mom asked me for help with something. Have you borrowed money from someone? Why are you working so much these days? From who? I haven't borrowed any money. If you need money, don't borrow it from shady places. Talk to me, okay? Okay, fine. Have fun. THE BOOK OF SALVATION Sang-jin. Today, I... finally became the apostle in charge of banishing demons. You probably don't know what that is. It's a position given only to the person in Gooseonwon with the strongest faith. It wasn't given to Apostle Kang... but me. I became the apostle of banishing demons. And... when Sang-mi soon becomes the Spiritual Mother, our whole family will have first-class seats on the Ship of Salvation. Hold on a little longer. Do not obstruct Mooji's development! Do not obstruct it! Do not obstruct Mooji's development! Do not obstruct it! Deliver on the promise you keep delaying! I'll request for Chief Kim to send police officers. It's fine. These ignorant people haven't done anything wrong. They've just been ordered to by people above them. You have Assemblyman Park above Mr. Cheon. And above Assemblyman Park... you have Baek Jeong-gi. There's him, too. Ji-hee. I thought I was the president of Mooji. But it seems like someone else is becoming its president. Deliver on your promise! Bros, that golden-haired man -is a cult leader. -Hey. Where's Dong-chul? He's getting his disguise ready. Oh, yeah? Found anything? We only found articles praising them about their nursing home, and how they do lots of volunteer work. So, on top of the police, journalists are all on their side? Is there anything in the world that can't be done with money? Hey, not all police are the same. Leave my dad out of it. Yeah. Yeah. I know your dad isn't that kind of cop. Right. He just does his job roughly. That's... You're right. I agree. Sup. I'm off. Hey, Dong-chul. You know this already, but they're devious people. They may act like what they're doing is legal, but there will be crucial evidence hidden inside. You got in there with your guts, so now let's up our chances of winning with our heads. Hello. Welcome. We love you. Today, we're going to explain about salvation and the secret to eternal life in a little more detail. This is a place spiritually separated from the outside world in which you all live in. So, from now on when you enter this place, you must hand over your cell phones. You don't get in a bath with your clothes on, do you? You must remove all your clothes to clean yourselves properly. Take this. -Why are you giving this to me? -Sang-mi told me. Apparently, the people there aren't allowed phones. They kept watching and imprisoned Sang-mi like that, it means they have things under tight control. Okay, in here. Sang-mi says not to worry. You'll see her soon. Enjoy your meal. Thank you. A little closer, please. Sorry? Oh, right. Thank you. Enjoy your meal. You, too. A REPORTER, HONG SO-RIN, WILL HELP US. IF YOU NEED TO TELL ME SOMETHING, SAY IT THROUGH HER. I'M SCARED, BUT I'M STAYING STRONG. THANK YOU ALL, FROM SANG-MI The journalist's name is Hong So-rin, apparently. Found her! -Where? -It's her, right? MOOJI DAILY, HONG SO-RIN Is this person the one who gave Dong-chul the note? Why? I mean, con artists usually steal other peoples' identities. Come on, no way. Yes, way! It could really happen. I'm going to go there. -Where? -The newspaper office? The most certain way to find out is to go there myself. Want us to go? No, I'll be fine. I'll head there alone. Okay, everyone. Do you know what this is? A boat, isn't it? That's right. It's a boat. But this isn't the ordinary type of boat that you are all familiar with. This is the Ship of Salvation that shall guide us all to the New Sky. The Ship of Salvation, you say? It's the symbol of Gooseonwon. To put it in other words, this is like our holy cross. This is the symbol of salvation. More important to us than the cross. -Do you understand? -Yes. MOOJI DAILY Can I help you? Is Hong So-rin here? Who might you be? I'm her junior from university. Oh, really? She's been working away from the office these days. Where is she working? Over at... You don't have her number? Give her a call yourself. We lost contact after I went for my military service. Then please leave your contact details with us. I'll pass them on to her when she comes by. Okay. Please make sure she gets this. Okay. Thank you. HONG SO-RIN Do you think that your father will win the election? Is this the girl? Yeah. I just confirmed that she works for Mooji Daily. I think she's already talked with Sang-mi and agreed to help us. Are you in here, Dong-chul? Yes. I'm using the toilet right now. That so? Must be because you're young that you have frequent bowel movements. -Feel refreshed? -Yes. Oh, you wanted to see me? The service starts soon. You'll miss the good word if you're late. Right. Thank you. You shall start training to be the Spiritual Mother from today. Our sister here shall assist you as your right-hand helper from now on. My name is Hong So-rin, Spiritual Mother. THE BOOK OF SALVATION From today, you must read from the Book of Salvation while praying for purification. Praying for purification? It's a ritual to clean yourself of any dirt left from the outside world. Okay. Then shall we read through the Book of Salvation? Welcome. Go. This is Water of Life blessed by the Spiritual Father. Place your hands deep inside and swirl the water. Confess all of your sins to the Mighty New Sky to cleanse yourself. Swirl your hands in one circle then say, "Please forgive my sin." I doubted... that the Mighty New Sky was my savior and called him a lie. Please forgive my sin. I... hated my father... for bringing us here. Please forgive my sin. Good. Continue in that fashion. I loathed Apostle Kang Eun-shil who is here in front of me. Please forgive my sin. I called Apostle Jo Wan-tae a murderer. Please forgive my sin. I thought that everyone in this place was insane. Please forgive my sin. Sang-mi. How's your training going? How is Mom doing? She looked unwell when I last saw her. Apostle Kang is taking good care of her. Apostle Kang is taking good care of her, so you can relax. She even went to the nursing home earlier. Mom. Is that you, Sang-jin? Sang-jin. Where are you going? Play with me. Don't you know that you can never leave this place? Sang-jin! Sang-jin, please help me! Sang-jin! Mom! Sang-jin! You have to get out of there so Sang-mi can live. So, please... save Sang-mi. Sang-mi. Sang-mi! No, Sang-mi. Sang-jin! Mom, snap out of it! We have to get out of here! Sister Kim. Sang-mi! That which you treasure the most, I shall... take it away. Even after three years, you still... have the downy hair of a baby. Take it with plenty of water. Sang-mi. Sang-mi. Sang-mi. Sang-mi. Sang-mi, run away. Run away, Sang-mi. SAVE ME You're burning hot. If you neglect the rage and sorrow in your heart like this... you will burn not only yourself, but everything around you. So, now is the time to relinquish everything to the Mighty New Sky. What should I do? What should I do to relinquish everything inside of me? OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 