Craig of the Creek: Season 3, Episode 22 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Craig of the Creek 
 s3e22 - Winter Creeklympics - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Craig of the Creek (2018–…): Season 3, Episode 22 - Winter Creeklympics - full transcript 
 Craig, Kelsey and JP try their luck at winning Gold in their first ever, Winter Creeklympics! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ Who's gonna help when the danger overwhelms ♪ ♪ And the mysteries are piled high? ♪ ♪ Who's gonna be around, never gonna let you down ♪ ♪ When you're on a wild ride? ♪ Your friends are always by your side ♪ ♪ It's Craig of the Creek, he's gonna save the day ♪ ♪ It's Craig of the Creek, he's gonna save the day ♪ ♪ It's Craig of the Creek ♪CRAIG OF THE CREEK♪ *CRAIG OF THE CREEK* Season 03 Episode 22 Episode Title: "Winter Creeklympics" Welcome back to our final day of coverage 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 of the Winter Creeklympics! Sponsored by The Trading Tree! Trade your life! I'm Wren, and once again, I'm joined by our special analyst, the most decorated Creeklympian of all time, Handlebarb of the 10 speeds! I'm chilling out this year so others can have a taste of that sweet, sweet gold. And I'm here because I love talking about all things sports! And by "sports", I mean science! Let's recap! Earlier this week, Frisboy wizzed to a gold in the Sewer Luge! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Yustice carved out a bronze for the Ninja Kids in super icy ice sculpting! And the Horse Girls brought home the hi-ho silver in curling! It's been quite a few days with nearly every group at the Creek taking home at least one medal! Every group except the Stump Kids! But they still have one day left to bring home the gold! Let's take a closer look at this group of losers In "The Stump Kids: Road to the Stump." Ever since they were littler, Craig, Kelsey, and Johns-Podric had Creeklympic dreams. I've always had Creeklympic dreams of winning a gold medal and finally feeling like I'm on top of the world, instead of on the ground with my head stuck in something. It's all about medals. And to get medals... you need muscles. You can't spell nice without ice. Oh wait, what was the question? Who cares. Did I get the job? It'd just be nice to finish this year's Creeklympics feeling good about ourselves instead of disappointed, angry, and in JP's case... missing a permanent tooth. But this unlikely group of goobers finally got to wave their flag at the Creeklympics opening ceremonies. We've been waiting our entire friendship for this. And just like a cicada waits 17 years to emerge from the ground, we too are ready to emerge from the underground of the stump to spread our wings and win a painted gold cardboard medal! Cool cool. So like why didn't you just make your flag the stump? I told him to make it the stump. We're always at the stump! We're not always at the stump! Yeah, we're bug kids! No, we're not! Well, you guys sure talk a big game. What message do you have for any haters watching? Wait... We have haters? Back to me in the booth. Thanks, me. On to our first event... Ice puddle figure skating. Eliza of the Tea Timers has won the figure skating competition four years in a row with the ballet shoes her daddy bought her. But one thing daddy can't buy is a gold. Let's watch. Today Eliza is skating to the overture from the film "Remembrance of the Tuscan Moon." She starts with a beautiful wake up and shine, into a twirly eyes on toes! Ooh, nice air tornado into a gut kick! Looks like she's winding up with a double look backsie. Into a quadruple spineroo. And ending with a "is it raining!" And it is raining! Raining roses on an amazing routine! I rate that performance a 196.967... the atomic weight of gold! And the scores are in... The judges agree! Daddy said if I win I can have my birthday party at the Louvre. Heard of it? It's a museum. In France. What a beautiful routine, performed on a playground that the township once called "a danger to public health and safety." She did a great job avoiding those rusty nails, Wren. Now let's see what JP has to offer. Well, he certainly looks confident. And so does his team. ♪ Bow wow bark! Bow wow kick! ♪ Is he just doing the "Ninja Dogs" opening? Huh. JP taking an unusual approach to his choreography. You know, I gotta say as a fan of ninjas, I... don't hate this. Ooh, that is definitely going to cost him! The judges are not gonna like this. Ooh, these numbers are lookin' low. Much like the ratings for "Ninja Dogs" final season in which the dogs were turned into cats. Not the scores Team Stump Kids were looking for. Hoo-hoo! A "ruff" start for the Stump Kids! But we go live now to our next event, trashcan lid snowboarding! First up is Warpspeed, from your very own crew, the 10 Speeds! How's it feel seeing him out there on the slopes today, Handlebarb? Well, I'm predicting my man Warpspeed's gonna shred some serious snow! Heh, but I may be a little biased 'cause ya know, bros. I don't know. I'm an only child. And he's off! The pressure from Warpspeed's mass coupled with the angle of the lid is giving him maximum torque! Eat it, torque! Let's see that time! 12 seconds! And Warpspeed lives up to his name! Whoa, that's a hard time to beat! Kelsey's got her work cut out for her. You sure are right, Handlebarb! She must be feeling a lot of pressure right now. Yeah, I wonder what she must be thinking with her teammates watching on. If I were Kelsey, I'd be thinking this is a huge moment for me! Absolutely! If I were Kelsey, I'd know that this is a make it or break it moment! If I were Kelsey, like, if I was Kelsey, I would be shaking in my - I can hear you! And there she goes! Ohh! Ohh! Ohh. Well, that was something. Aah! Let's look at that time! 4.7 seconds?! That's a new Creeklympics record! Not so fast! Kelsey's run is currently under review by the judges. And by judges, I mean us. Hmm. You're right, Wren. Kelsey hit the flags here, here, here... And here and here and here and here and here and here! Kinda looks like a little man. And when you add up all those flag penalties, her time is actually 3.5 hours! Once again, no medals for the Stump Kids. And now on to the creek jump. Oh, that's me! Craig, as you know this is a difficult landing to stick. Even I couldn't do it. So why do you think you're better than me? I-I-I... I don't. I've just got long legs and big dreams. I'm glad you brought up dreams, Craig, because after the Stump Kids' two losses today, this Creeklympics is turning out to be what many would call a nightmare. Thoughts on this nightmare? Craig approaches the edge of the creek and certain doom. He sees his friends cheering across the bank. Perhaps for the last time. And he's off! Whoa! Ooh. A good effort, but like many before him, he just couldn't stick the landing. This is starting to look impossible. Let's see if Bobby can prove the statement wrong. And he's off! Oh! And he landed it? He stuck the landing! Against all scientific odds, Bobby has cleared the creek, taking home a gold medal for whatever group of kids he hangs out with. Seems like Bobby is having trouble with his shoes. Let's go to Camera 2. Bobby put gummy bears on the bottom of his shoes! He cheated! Let's check out the replay. And there! You can see it as clear as day. He used the adhesive qualities of that sticky candy to stick the landing. Ugh. It truly is a sad day for Creeklympians everywhere. We'll be right back! In a perfect creek, you'd never forget a snack. In a perfect creek, you'd get the snack you want. In a... uh... But the Creek is not perfect. And that's why the Creek needs... the Trading Tree. ♪ If it's snack time, it's tradin' time ♪ ♪ Down at the Tradin' Tree Ding! And we're back with the final event of the Winter Creeklympics! Ultimate speed sledding! Whoo! The final competitors of the day, The Stump Kids, who have yet to take home any medals/ Let's go to Wren on the hill. Wren. Craig, this event will be your team's last chance for a medal. Your last chance to make your Creeklympic dreams come true. Your last chance to prove yourself to the cosmos! Can you do it, or will you all go home cold and soggy losers? Look, just because we haven't won anything doesn't mean we're losers. I mean it kinda does. Ugh, let's just do this. They're on their marks. And there they go! It's looking like a good start! This could be the one for them! Uh-oh. Something's going on with JP. Aah! Aah! And they crashed. Right before the finish line. And that's it, folks. That was their last chance. Looks like this year, there's gonna be no medals for the Stump Kids. Wait, what's this? It looks like Craig is giving some sort of heartfelt speech, which is only gonna add more time. And now they're going back up the hill? Uh, I hope they realize at this point, they have no chance of winning. Look! The Stump Kids are going down the track again! My brain feels soft! Now the other athletes are doing it too? Sledding just for fun? I've never heard of such a thing! In all my years of winning millions of medals, I've never seen anything like this. You gotta wonder what's going through their minds right now. Let's ask them! Craig, what did you say to your teammates down there? I said that winning can be fun, but you know what's always fun? Having fun. - Deep. - Immeasurably. And with that, we conclude another amazing - Winter Creeklympics! - Okay, bye! - Whee! - Whoo-hoo! ♪ When it's time to go to bed ♪ I know I don't have to feel alone ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'll see you tomorrow ♪ At the creek Just like I drew it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 