Craig of the Creek: Season 3, Episode 21 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Craig of the Creek 
 s3e21 - Breaking the Ice - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Craig of the Creek (2018–…): Season 3, Episode 21 - Breaking the Ice - full transcript 
 While searching a once unreachable part of the Creek, Craig gets stranded with his longtime rival, Wildernessa! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ Who's gonna help when the danger overwhelms ♪ ♪ And the mysteries are piled high? ♪ ♪ Who's gonna be around, never gonna let you down ♪ ♪ When you're on a wild ride? ♪ Your friends are always by your side ♪ ♪ It's Craig of the Creek, he's gonna save the day ♪ ♪ It's Craig of the Creek, he's gonna save the day ♪ ♪ It's Craig of the Creek There it is, the deserted playhouse island. Too bad Kelsey's coat shopping 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and JP's hanging with his mom, 'cause they are gonna miss this. Nice and easy now. Ha-ha! Completely frozen over, just like I thought. [ Footsteps thudding ] Uh, never mind. Never mind! Aah! [ Grunts ] [ Sighs ] Now, what was that? Huh. Nothing. The deserted playhouse. Ho-oh, baby. Don't worry, playhouse. I've only got eyes for... oh, hello. What the heck is this thing? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Hmm. "Roses are red, violets are blue..." Huh. I always thought of violets as purple. [ Grunts ] Whoa. [ Grunts ] It's stuck. Well, that was disappointing. But I may as well add it to my map. Heh, not falling for those phantom footsteps again. - [ Growls ] - Aah! Cheesesticks? and... great, it's Wildernessa. Ugh, great, it's Craig. What are you doing here? Well, I thought I was tracking a dinosaur that thawed from the ice age. I figured such a creature could use some help adjusting to our modern ecosystem. But I guess I was just tracking you and your doofy slippers. [ Gasps ] My mommy bought me these. I'm just wearing them 'cause it's cold. You're the one looking for a dinosaur in the creek. Ugh, Craig. You don't know a thing about dinosaurs. Well, since I'm not a dinosaur, I guess you don't need to hang out on the island with me. You can leave. Oh. I mean, yeah. I can think of a billion more important things I'd rather be doing. Cheesesticks, let's go. [ Gasps ] The ice. - Aah! - [ Barks ] Oh, no. No, no, no, no. This is bad. This is so bad. We're completely stranded. Wait. You're Wildernessa. If anyone knows how to survive on a deserted island, it's you. I know about animals, not survival tactics. Can't you just call your friends or something? [ Sighs ] Kelsey and JP are busy. Mom and Dad would just get lost. Could call Bernard. Nah, he'll just laugh at me. Isn't there someone  you can call? I can try. [ Inhales deeply ] Skra-a-a-w! Skraw, skraw! Kra-a-w! Ka-kra-a-a-w! Skra-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-w! Skra-a-a-a-a-a-a-w, aw-a-a-a-w, aw-a-a-a-a-a-a-w! [ Howls ] Hmm. No birds seem to be responding to my romantic overtures. Your phone. Use your phone. I don't carry my phone at the creek. What if I lose it? What? That's not... Actually, fair point. [ Sighs ] Well, there were definitely other kids here. But how did they get on and off the island? And then there's that thing. But I don't even know what that thing's supposed to do. Why don't you just build something? Since you're always building stuff. [ Scoffs ] And just how do you know I'm always building stuff? What? E-Everyone knows you build stuff. Sheesh. Clearly you don't know anything about yourself. A raft. I can build a raft. We just need some wood. Wildernessa: Hey, what are you doing? Don't destroy a perfectly good tree. If we're going to build a raft, we should only use dead wood. Okay, so, uh, I'll go first, and then I'll send the raft back for you and Cheesesticks. I don't know. You might sink it. I'm pretty sure you weigh more than me. What? That's not true. I mean, plus, you're taller than me. [ Sighs ] Look, Craig, don't take this the wrong way, 'cause I know you're sensitive, but it's time someone told you the truth. You've got a big head. What?! [ Clears throat ] That's cool. I'm not offended. Okay, so what, then? You want to go first? No, obviously Cheesesticks should go first. You want Cheesesticks to go first? Yes. Before me and my big head? Yes. Cheesesticks? Yes. Okay. Go ahead. Go on, boy. ♪ [ Grunting ] Wow, look at that. He broke the raft. What are the odds? It's not like he hasn't broken anything else today, like the ice. Don't you blame him for this. You're the one who doesn't know anything about animals. Or building, apparently. Ugh, great. Looks like we're not getting off this island anytime soon. [ Sighs ] Where's he going? [ Panting ] ♪ This must've been the kids that were here before. ♪ So, should we build a fire to stay warm? Yeah, Craig, let's build a fire. I'm sure that's exactly what the loggers said when they burned down the tropical rainforests of Brazil. Okay, new plan. There. That should keep us warm. [ Blows ] What is that? A dog whistle? He can't fit in here. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, here he comes. Oh, he's so big. He's not gonna fit. This is not gonna work. [ Grunts ] And he's in here. I have a spare Choco-Roll. You want it? Or do you guys just, like, eat bark? Under the circumstances, I will eat this processed treat. [ Panting ] You know you can't have chocolate.[ Whines ] It seems like there were two kids that practically lived here. - I wonder where they are now. - Whoever they were, they constructed their man-made dwelling where it didn't belong. As a result, nature probably drove them away, as it should. You know, people are animals, too. Uh, we need shelter, food, company. Animals and people are similar. But animals are easier to understand. That's why I admire them. They're simple. People are more complicated. Animals don't pretend to be nice and ask you to sit with them at lunch so you can share hamster-care tips just so they can pull your chair from under you and watch you spill food all over yourself. And then you get called into the principal's office because you had to maul them. Only to come back to everyone calling you "Maul-ly" and you're like, "My name is not Maul-ly. It's Vanessa." What? Uh, nothing. - [ Blows ] - Are your hands cold? Yeah, a little. Uh, here, you can borrow my mittens. Um, sure. ♪ Is that better? No. I-I mean... Look, Craig, there's something you don't know about... [ Sighs ] Don't say it. I know. I don't know anything. Well, you're right. 'Cause I don't understand you at all. I mean, you act like you're better than everyone, but you're human, too. When that tuba goes off, you go home to your house and your room with your cellphone and your bed and... and... and your other bed. 'Cause, I don't know, maybe you got two beds. But I'll tell you what I do know. There's two things I know are phoney... you, and baloney. I'm out. You know, maybe you really do care about animals, but that doesn't mean you have to tear down the people around you. Man, she thinks she knows everything... But I know stuff, too. - [ Panting ] - Aah! How do you keep sneaking up on me? Cheesesticks, come back here. [ Barks, growls ] So you're on his side now? [ Barks ] [ Growls ] [ Barking and growling continue ] Ugh. [ Sighs ] Uh... Look, Craig, I should tell you something, but... ugh! How do animals do this? Squa-a-a-a-wk! Ra-a-w! Squaw! Squaw! Kaw? Aah! Whoa! Whoa! [ Both laughing ] Aah! Craig, are you alright? Yeah, I just tripped over that rock. Wait a minute. [ Gasps ] It's another wheel thingy. "You can make a bridge when you have 2." Make a bridge? It's doing something. Huh? No. It's stuck. There were two kids who played in that fort. And there's two wheels. Maybe we need to spin them together. "Roses are red, violets are blue." "You can make a bridge when you have 2." [ Gasps ] Hurry. The bridge is lowering. We're not gonna make it. Take my hand.[ Both grunt ] Hold on. Whoa! That was awesome! I can't believe there was a bridge. I mean, who built that? And a whole puzzle. Aw, man. I bet it was the ancients. Wow. I can't wait to tell Kelsey and JP and... - Hey. - Hm? I just wanted to say I'm sorry for tearing you down. Here. If you're ever alone or in danger again. I can't promise I'll be able to help, but at least you'll have some company. You know, if you want. Thanks. Hey, c-can I ask something? What was up with that dance? Oh, Craig. You don't know a thing about animals. - Yah. - [ Barks ] ♪ When it's time to go to bed ♪ I know I don't have to feel alone ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'll see you tomorrow ♪ At the creek Just like I drew it.  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 