Good Times: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Good Times 
 s1e1 - Too Old Blues - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Good Times (1974–1979): Season 1, Episode 1 - Too Old Blues - full transcript 
 Tests indicate that James is a candidate for a union apprenticeship program, but his birth certificate says differently. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ Good Times ♪ ♪ Anytime you meet a payment ♪ ♪ Good Times ♪ ♪ Anytime you meet a friend ♪ ♪ Good Times ♪ ♪ Anytime you're out from under ♪ ♪ Not getting hassled Not getting hustled ♪ ♪ Keeping your head above water ♪ ♪ Making a wave when you can ♪ ♪ Temporary layoffs ♪ ♪ Good Times ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ Easy credit rip-offs ♪ ♪ Good Times ♪ ♪ Scratching and surviving ♪ ♪ Good Times ♪ ♪ Hanging in a chow line ♪ ♪ Good Times ♪ ♪ Ain't we lucky we got 'em ♪ ♪ Good Times ♪♪ Breakfast is ready if you're hungry. If you're not, check the furniture, you're in the wrong apartment. Mmm. James! What a gorgeous hunk of woman here. I don't know about the gorgeous, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 but I'm sure a lot of hunk. You know, one thing I never worry about, baby, is that energy crisis, 'cause I got my own personal heating system. You're not so bad yourself. A good-looking man like you could have had any woman in Chicago. True, but I married you. If that's a compliment, I'm Wilt Chamberlain. You know I didn't mean it that way. Give me one good reason why you married me. You was pregnant. James, you ought to be ashamed of yourself. Baby, you know I'm just joking. That ain't nothing to joke about. Suppose one of the kids had heard you say they was born out of wedlock? Wouldn't bother me none. I ain't the oldest. You mean y'all waited for the preacher to say the word before y'all had me? You better know it. Don't spread it around. My friends will never stop jiving me. Look who finally got back from her honeymoon in the bathroom mirror. Knock it off, JJ. Your mouth is always ahead of your think-piece. If that's the best you look after all that time in there, you should sue the mirror for nonsupport. JJ, if you were to look into that mirror, it would break so bad we would have 17 years of hard luck. Don't nobody say "good morning" no more? Right away, it's choose your corner and come out fighting. Let's face it, James... this family ain't Ozzie and Harriet. Junior, stop hanging around here collecting dust. Go on downstairs and get the mail. Can't I eat first? If I don't eat right, my little body may crumble up. Well, it ain't going to kill you to eat a few minutes later. Go on, get the mail, please. And, Junior, don't think of taking mail that ain't ours. I don't take things, Mama. I find them. Then don't find any mail that ain't ours. God didn't make man to steal. Then how come he gave us more pockets than hands? Will you get the mail, please? What's the big rush about the mail? Baby, I've been waiting almost a week now for the go-ahead on that union job training program. I want to see if it came. James, don't get your hopes up too high. Oh, no. I got good vibes about this one, baby. When I took the tests, the look on that man's face read J-O-B. Well, let's hope the J-O-B was for Y-O-U. It's your time to say the blessing, Michael. Thank the Lord for the food. Thank you, God, for the food. Michael, wasn't that a little fast? Not for him, Mama. He picks up just like... that. Don't be smart, Michael. Oh, Mama, I can't deal with this. Not oatmeal again. Be grateful for oatmeal or anything else on this table. Remember, this family got through the meat shortage without even knowing there was one. I wish we could have Cream of Wheat for a change. Yeah, at least they've got a black man on the box. Hush up, both of you, and eat your breakfast. Well, let's see what all the equal opportunity employers have for James Evans this morning. Here's one... Computer designer, college graduate. Ain't that tender? Only missed that one by four years college, four years high school, and two years public school. Well, don't they have anything for mechanics? You're a very handy man, James. And that's it right there, baby. When you're white, you're a mechanic. When you're black, you're a handyman. Good morning, folks. Hi, Willona. Come on in and have a cup of coffee. Good. I just ran into your oldest, Rodney Allen Ripoff. I asked him to check my mail. I'm waiting for the overdue alimony check from my darling ex-husband. You know something? I never could figure out why you married a dude like that anyhow. Well, we were in love. I was 20, young and innocent. Well, anyway, I was young. Our marriage was fine until Alvin started coming home less and less and stepping out more and more steady trying to prove his point. What point? That a married man can live with a wife and another woman at the same time. You mean Alvin was committing adultery? Michael! All right, young man, I want to know right here and now what kind of book you was reading that uses such a word. The Bible. Score at the end of the first inning: Michael one, Florida nothing. Hey, Junior. What took you so long? The elevator conked out, baby. I had to walk up the stairs. Lots of things happening in the building this morning. On the sixth floor, I ran into an exterminator... So? They got roaches. No, this cat was looking to exterminate a dude. And on the tenth floor, some cat was yelling for water for his shower. He finally got it when the toilet on the 11th floor backed up. Hey, baby? This is it! The word I've been waiting for. I told you I read that cat's face right. You got the job? Listen here. The letter says that I, James Evans, have passed the written aptitude test for the union apprentice program. Furthermore, I got an interview at the Dearborn Building at 10:00 a.m. today. Finally, now, it says that as an apprentice, I'll be making $2.50 an hour, and when I complete the program, I'm going to go all the way up to $4.25 an hour! Hallelujah! Goodbye, oatmeal. Hello, Cream of Wheat. Oo-ee! $4.25 an hour. James, that puts you in the same league as bank presidents and bookies. I'd better hurry up and get dressed. I don't want to be late for this gig. Whoo! We're going to be so rich and have so much money, I won't have to find my art supplies no more. And I'm going to get a wardrobe that'll make Diahann Carroll look like a nun. And I'm going to give all my money to the cause of Black Unity. Oh, hush up, all of you, and stop this daydreaming. It's time to get your books and get ready for school... now. Girl, I'm really happy for you, James getting a good steady job like this. Yeah, when you think of all the things that man has done to keep this family together... Dishwasher. Laundry helper. Night watchman. Floor sweeper. And all that was just last week. Well, that's all over now. He's soon going to be making $4.25 hour. It's hard to believe. You know, up to now, the minimum wages has always been his maximum. Bye, Mama. I'm going. Bye, sweetheart. You sure got a load of schoolbooks there, Gramps. Oh, they ain't all schoolbooks. See, this one's from the library. It's on the writings of Malcolm X. Don't they teach about Malcolm X in school? Are you kidding? The teachers in my school still call Muhammad Ali "Cassius Clay." Thelma? JJ. Ain't you going yet? I'm waiting to get in the bathroom. Thelma's in there again. Hey, girl. You ever getting out of there? I'm coming. I'm putting the finishing touches to my makeup. Ain't going to help you none. Mother Nature already finished you good. Leave Thelma alone. Okay, but I'll have to run all the way to school. You know, Florida, I think he's going to make it. I'll see you later. Thelma! You know, girl, you do use up an awful lot of this family's bathroom time. Well, I've got to look together, Ma. You never know when I might meet Mr. Right. Well, let's just hope for Mr. Right's sake, he's got two bathrooms. Hey, baby, how I look? James, you got on your going-to-funeral suit. Why not? Today I'm burying poverty. You know, when you go for a job that pays $4.25, baby, you dress up. Hot damn! How high is up? James, you ain't going to need an elevator to get into that Dearborn Building. You can just fly in through the window. Baby, when I get home tonight, we're going to party hard. Now, I want barbecued chicken, ribs, music... you can hire The Temptations if you want them, and look here, since I'm going to be making a white man's salary, let's do something real white. Let's drink champagne. Whoa, hold on there, Onassis. What do I use for money for this orgy? Take it out of the rent money. Okay, whatever you say, Mr. Breadwinner. Mr. Breadwinner? Hell, I am Mr. Whole-Dinner-Winner! Now, don't forget now, food, music, champagne... Look here, don't hire The Temptations. Make it the Supremes, and with Diana Ross. Thank you, Lord. In my heart, I always knew you was the biggest equal opportunity employer of them all. Judging from your high mechanical aptitude test scores, Mr... Evans. Evans. You look like a man we can really use. That's good. That's good. Now, when do I start? Oh, it says here you were in the Army? Army. Army. You served in...? Korea. Did my full tour of duty over there. You are the father of...? Three children, aged 17, 16 and 11. Did my full tour of duty over here too. Now, what day do I report? You were born in 1942, which means you served in Korea when you were... Ten? Uh, no, no, no. I was born in 1932. '32. Thirty-two? It says right here 1942. Well, that's a computer error, I guess. We are suddenly confronted with a big problem. Yeah, I guess you'd better get that computer fixed, huh? No, you don't understand. You see, the union apprentice program is designed for men between the ages of 18 and 35. I'm afraid that at 41, you're too old. Too old? For what, man? We're talking about working. We ain't talking about playing stick ball. Yes, I know. I'd like to help you, but this project is government-funded, and government rules can't be broken. Now, wait a minute, now. I done passed the government physical test, I done passed the government mental test, and I got a government letter here on government stationery that says I'm certified, qualified, and bona fide. Now, I want the government job. There's nothing I can do. That's the way it is. No, man, I'll tell you the way it is. I got a family. They need food on the table and clothes on their back, and I've got to pay rent. Now, I need that job. Government rules can't be broken. Unless you're running the government. I understand, man. I'm a senior citizen who only has to wait 24 more years for his Social Security. What's going on? Hey, kids? Knock it off! Junior? Junior! Junior? Don't stop me now, Mama! I'm past the point of no return! Your motor is going to be worn out before the party starts. Where'd all those records come from? Daddy wanted music, so I got Isaac Hayes, the Jackson Five, Gladys Knight, Marvin Gaye, Curtis Mayfield and Harold Melvin and the Bluenotes. When he said music, he didn't expect you to hijack Soul Train. Got all the decorations finished? Just about. Oh, my good... I forgot the potato chips. JJ, you and Thelma run down to the store and get me a few bags. Why I got to go? Why can't Thelma go by herself? Because if she goes out of here dressed like that, somebody's going to mess with her. Then why can't JJ go by himself? Why I got to go with him? To watch him. I want the potato chips bought, not found. Hang up these things here, honey. Michael, don't mess with my table. Go in there and wash up. Hi, kids. Hey, Willona. Where they going? To get some potato chips. Hey, you really got yourself together. Well, it's a party, ain't it? You never know when I might meet some new dude, and this is my way of saying, "Available." That dress ain't only saying "available," it's also saying, "Your place or mine?" Oh, Florida, it's beautiful. It looks like the Grand Ballroom at the Ambassador East. Mm-hm, everything just like James wanted it. Want me to help you do anything? No, I've got everything under control. Ribs warming and the champagne icing. All right. I hope I didn't spend too much money on this party. Oh, Florida, come on. Stop worrying about spending. Are you chicken about becoming rich? Not chicken, just inexperienced. Well, you're just going to have to get used to it, honey. Your man is on his way up in the world, and it won't be long before you'll be saying, "Goodbye, Cockroach Towers." Hey! Go on. I ain't kidding. You've got it made. Knock, knock. Good afternoon, Mrs. Evans, I'm Miss Penelope Pittstock from House Beautiful. Ooh, Miss Penelope Pittstock? Yes, and I just wanted to tell you how honored we are that you've permitted us to do your new 80-room mansion as our next cover layout. Can I come in? Oh, please do. Thank you. Won't you sit down? Thank you. My, what a lovely sofa... all mink. I never sit on anything but mink. It's a bother, though. In the summer, I have to put all my toilet seats into cold storage. What a lovely view of Lake Michigan. I've never seen such high-class sewage. Well, it is handy to have the lake nearby. My husband, James, has his four yachts anchored there. Four yachts? My dear, one for each direction. Mrs. Evans, I can't wait to see your master bedroom. I hear it's simply fab. Is it true that you have a waterbed filled with 20-year-old scotch? Sleeping on scotch is like sleeping on a cloud. Yes, especially if you nip between naps. Listen to us carrying on. That'll be the day, when I'm living so high on the hog I don't know what chitlins are. You were Florida Evans before James got this gig, and you'll be the same Florida Evans when he starts bringing home that long green. You better know it. Party time! Party time! Well, you kids got back fast. Yeah, this is a day of miracles. I didn't fight with JJ, and the elevator's working. Here's your change, Mama. Thank you, son. You know, it's kind of fun being rich. I've been in that store a dozen times, but that's the first time I've ever been involved in a cash transaction. Hey, Willona. Ooh, Gramps, you look so sharp. You're going to have to fight off all the girls. Well, what they see is what they're going to get. Well, that must be the company. I'll get it, JJ. Hey! Florida, I couldn't be happier if it was my wife who got a job. Oh, thank you, Monty. Folks? Folks... Now, James will soon be here. When he gets here, I want us to give him a great big welcome. Now, let's all sing. And a-one, and a-two... Mama! You count off like that, and Daddy will think we've moved into a white neighborhood. Hey, Mama, here he comes now! So, y'all, let's hit it. Ready? And... ♪ For he's a jolly good dude ♪ ♪ For he's a groovy dude ♪ ♪ For he's a groovy dude That nobody can deny ♪ ♪ That nobody can deny That nobody can deny ♪ ♪ For he's a groovy dude ♪ ♪ Which nobody can deny ♪♪ That's the kind of sugar my diet don't mind. 'Course, too much of that can be fattening too. Hey, James, how does it feel to be the man of the hour? Great. Ain't the decorations out-of-sight, Daddy? Yeah. How much of the rent money did you spend for them? Like the man says, if you've got to ask how much, you can't afford it. James, this is going to be a celebration you'll never forget. Yeah, I got that feeling. Baby, I've got to tell you something. Dad! Hey, Dad, Dad, Dad! I've got my eye on this super-bad suit. It's a bad suede pantsuit with a bad suede hat and bad shoes. Ooh! With all that bad, it can't be good. And I think we ought to get Mama one bad 25-inch color TV. Now, wait a minute. What's wrong with the 16-inch black-and-white TV we've got? The picture tube's weak. The white ain't right, and the black ain't beautiful. I've got to tell you something. When I got there... Look, honey, honey. I'm dying to hear all the good news, every word of it, but first, let's have some champagne! Come on, Thelma. Florida, you bought champagne? Well, you told me to. I got that imported stuff all the way from Napa Valley, California. Daddy, can I have a word with you... Yeah. About my wheels. Your wheels? Yeah, that car you're going to get me. It could be secondhand, but it'll sure make life a whole lot easier. Man-to-man, you know how hard it is trying to make out with a chick on a crowded bus? Junior, don't throw your bus tokens away just yet, hear? Champagne, everybody! Folks... I want to make a toast to my husband, James, who... No, James, you're the guest of honor. You make the toast. Here's to men from 18 to 35, 'cause that's who the union job training program was for. I didn't get the job. They said I was too old. Too old? James? James... Wow, what a rip-off. Whoever said he was too old don't know Daddy. I'd like to see the dude who called him too old. I'd tell him about those not-too-old whippings. Daddy ain't too old. He could do that job at the union. He could do anything anybody gave him a chance to. I'm sorry, baby. I wanted to tell you, but I just didn't have the heart to smash your dreams. It ain't all that bad, James. This family has stood up to a whole lot of dream-smashing. Yeah. You know, I thought if I'd have got that job, that we were going to be okay. Instead, we're broke. What was we yesterday? Broke. And probably will be again tomorrow. But, James, you always see this family through. You can do it. Yeah, that's my baby. So I missed out. What's the big deal? What would it have meant anyhow? Some more spending money, fancy clothes, a nicer place to live. What I need a union job for when I got you and these kids? Huh? You don't. You'd better believe I don't. But it sure would've been nice. Well, baby, thanks to hard work, perseverance, and Willie Washington next door, it's going to be Al's Car Wash for one week. Now, it ain't going to make us independently wealthy, but it'll replace the rent money and buy us a little food too. James, you still didn't tell me how the job opening came up. Look here. He told me one of the regulars got drunk, took off all his clothes, and tried to take a shower through the car wash. Said he'd have made it too, if he hadn't stopped to hot wax his hair. ♪ Mmm... ♪ ♪ Just looking out of the window ♪ ♪ Watching the asphalt grow ♪ ♪ Thinking how it all looks hand-me-down ♪ ♪ Good Times Good Times ♪ ♪ Keeping your head above water ♪ ♪ Making a wave when you can ♪ ♪ Temporary layoffs ♪ ♪ Good Times ♪ Good Times is recorded on tape before a live audience. ♪ Ain't we lucky we got 'em ♪ ♪ Good Times ♪♪ OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 