Million Pound Menu: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Million Pound Menu 
 s1e4 - Trap Kitchen and Greedy Khao - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Million Pound Menu (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Trap Kitchen and Greedy Khao - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm Fred Sirieix. I've worked in the restaurant industry for 25 years. Right now, the UK restaurant scene is the envy of the world. And all it takes is one great idea to make a fortune on the high street. But has the next generation of restaurants got 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 what it takes to become a multi-million pound business? Over the next six weeks, here in Manchester, the food capital of the North, Twelve of the most exciting new restaurant ideas are in for the chance of a life changing investment from some of the UK's most respected investors. These are the men and women who can turn an idea into a national brand. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We're looking at putting a lot of money into the absolute best concept. This is the kind of model that you dream of. If I find the right operator, I'll be fighting for it. [Fred] Each week, the investors will give the people behind two great new food ideas a unique opportunity. Ah, this is really it. -[Fred] Their own pop-up restaurant. -[bell dings] Right. Rock and roll, man. [Fred] They'll have just three days to prove... Nobody seems to know their table numbers. -[Fred] They've got what it takes... -It's a disaster. [Fred] ...to make it on the high street. When you start to rush, that's when you start to make more mistakes. -There's a big backlog of customers... -Yeah, yeah, yeah. What are you gonna do about it? If I was to invest, it'll take half a million to £750,000. Time to make some dough. [Fred] After the three days, will the investors walk back into the restaurants... [sighing] [Fred] ...and make them an offer? It's a £600,000 launch. We are not going to leave without an investment. I'm sorry. Your time is up. The doors are open for business. Welcome to Million Pound Menu. Over 1300 restaurants opened last year in the UK. Today, two more will be open for business, hoping they've got what it takes to make a fortune in the restaurant business. [narrator] Times might be challenging on the high street, but chains based on strong, simple concepts can still make money. And investors are on the hunt for new opportunities. These are my amazing, delicious, East Asian small plates. Perfect for sharing with your mates. [narrator] The men and women behind some of the most successful businesses on the high street... The plot to our mission is quite simple. We want to serve the best clucking wings in town. [narrator] ...met to choose some of the best new restaurant ideas for a three-day dry run pop-up. So what is a bunzel? A bunzel is a cross between a bun and a pretzel. [narrator] They were looking for the two entrepreneurs with the strongest food, brand, and business plan. We've done eight pop-up events and they sold out within 12 hours. There's an explosion of these concepts. I would eat this happily all day every day. [narrator] Then each investor had to decide whether they liked the concept enough to try it in Manchester. My food is exciting. [narrator] The first idea to get the investors' attention is one of the most original they've heard. My name is Prince. I'm the founder of Trap Kitchen, the exotic food company. [narrator] Trap Kitchen's owner, Prince, runs a seafood takeaway business from his mom's London flat. [Prince] We like to mix and match with waffles and chicken... This is what the people want. The food is very nice and I'm surprised. [narrator] Trap Kitchen has 43,000 social media fans. [Prince] We serve 250 customers a day. [narrator] And now Prince wants half a million pounds to start his first restaurant. It'll be a great opportunity for anybody who wants to get involved. Chicken. Six chicken. My mom wants me out. [laughs] Having this kind of passion coming through from young entrepreneurs is absolutely vital. To take it to the next level, it does need somebody nurturing and building a team around him. [Scott] I think this is amazing, first and foremost, because he has 40,000 Instagram followers and he's built it purely on that, so it's very of the moment. I'm Scott Collins, co-founder and managing director of MEATLiquor. What Prince is achieving out of his family home sort of beggars belief. Reckons he turns over £10,000 a week. And he only serves three days, which is extraordinary. It's what other people are trying to be. They're trying to be grungy and edgy and urban and gritty... I think this is far removed from, sort of corporate activity as possible, which I quite like. My name is David Page and I'm an investor in restaurants. I've rarely seen anything so unstructured as Trap Kitchen. Unstructured, but also massively popular. At the moment, there is a massive demand for new ideas, but the economic situation has plummeted. Only the really good ideas will survive and thrive. It's a fantastic idea and I'm just behind Scott. -I'm Lee. -And I'm Faai. We're Greedy Khao. [narrator] Next, a married couple with their big idea for the lucrative lunchtime market. -We want to be number one for vegan Thai food in the UK. -Yeah. [Faai] Quite a number of customers who told me that my curries taste better than what they've, you know, had in Thailand. [narrator] Greedy Khao want £225,000 to help them conquer the high street. Thank you very much. Enjoy. [Lee] Think of somewhere like Leon, so we're talking about quick service but high quality. Give that one for your first try. We want a chain, we want to be on every major hub in the UK. So I was really quite excited by Greedy Khao. The first thing that jumped out to me was the branding, which is very bold and exciting. My name is Chris Miller. I am the managing director of a company called White Rabbit Fund. There is so much competition fighting for your lunchtime money that you need something really strong and really bold that jumps out at you. There is this big pink cow, it's vegan-led which we know is a growing market... But if you look at something like Pret... Pret has opened veggie sites, um, but they've only done three in 18 months. -Is it a niche? -It is quite niche in the sense that you not only have to be wanting Thai food, you also have to be wanting something vegan. I would very happily go and see them and experience it. I think the profit could be very positive here. [narrator] Two ideas have been chosen. They're both takeaways who want to set up as a grab and go chain. Greedy Khao's hopes rest on one man, but two investors could end up fighting over Trap Kitchen. Greedy Khao and Trap Kitchen now have to convince the investors they're worth the investment. This opportunity may never happen again. The clock is ticking. For the next three days, they'll take over existing restaurant sites just 100 yards apart. Today, Lee, Faai and Prince are about to see their new restaurants for the very first time. My mamma's kitchen, it's actually here. [narrator] Over the last month, they've been working with a designer to bring their restaurant brand to life. Ah, this is brilliant. I'm gonna walk in there like it's mine and I've been doing it for millions of years. This is the future. I've never even seen one of these before. What is this? [laughs] Hello. [narrator] Twenty-seven year-old Prince lives with his parents in Camberwell, South London. Yes, it is dialing. I can help. [narrator] A year ago, he started posting pictures of the food he was making in his mom's kitchen, and discovered people were prepared to pay up to £20 a dish for his food. Growing up, I started hanging around with a lot of people who were very business minded, but not in the right way. What I did was take the game of buying for cheap, selling for more market, advertise, and try to get as much customers as you can. It was only right I use my talent, which was obviously cooking, to infuse it with the business mind that I gathered from when I was young. [narrator] Now, Prince puts his menu up on social media three days a week, and the queues form for his spicy seafood meal boxes. Hello. Now, what you've gotta do is make your way here. When you get here, somebody will be outside to take your order, brother. [narrator] Customers park outside Prince's block of flats and his friends then deliver the food. Sometimes you get this whole row there just full of cars to the point where some people who do live in the residence can't find parking. So what they will do is call the council and the council will send their parking enforcers around. We definitely need to move on. We need to get a permanent restaurant. Like Nandos, you know what I mean? That's it. When I go to sleep and I dream about Trap Kitchen, that's how I see it. [narrator] Prince believes his food is the next big thing, and wants up to £500,000 for his first restaurant. The masses out there are tired. [laughs] We just want... We want something new. And I feel like I've created a formula. I've got the sauce. [laughs] [narrator] Opposite Trap Kitchen, Lee and Faai are also about to see their restaurant for the first time. -Oh, wow. -It's large. [laughs] Check this out. We are very excited but also scared. Is there a word for that? [laughs] Exciticared? Oh, look at this. It is much more beautiful than I thought. Yeah, it is. [narrator] The couple met at university, where Lee fell in love with Faai and her cooking. [Lee] I did not like Thai food until I met Faai. When she cooked for me the first time, I was just blown away. I was like, "This is, this is what I'm missing." [narrator] Last year, the newlyweds gave up their jobs to set up a food stall in London. Here you go. Enjoy. Faai could be living quite an easy life in Thailand with a really well-paid job, but instead, here she is with me... -Lifting things... -...hauling crap in and out of the van. [Faai] My family is genuinely very surprised we're here today, because they just don't see me as a business person. Never. [laughs] I grew up, like, a very spoiled child. I'm just happy to be here. Just to prove them wrong. [narrator] Lee and Faai want £225,000 of investment so they can put a Greedy Khao on the high street and start sharing in the 20 billion pounds a year Britain spends on grab-and-go food. In five years we see ourselves with five stalls in London and maybe in other major city in the UK as well. This is about five times the amount of space we usually work with. At least. [narrator] In just 24 hours, the investors will be arriving for lunch. We need to get everything ready, so come service, we'll be fine, we will not panic. [Fred] So tonight, they open to the Manchester public for a practice run. These are exciting time for Greedy Khao and Trap Kitchen. They are getting ready for their soft launch, their first night as a real restaurant. It's their one chance to try their concept out before the investors arrive. [narrator] Greedy Khao and Trap Kitchen have each brought core staff with them. This is the way that I need to do things to get it going when it's busy. [narrator] But Prince is the only one cooking. He's keeping his team, including friend Zair, out of the kitchen. He doesn't need anyone in the kitchen with him, 'cause he feels that he can get everything done. You see, when you're driving a car, you can't be doing 80 miles on the motorway and be like, uh, "Let's swap over." You see what I'm saying? That's not how it works, so... Right now, I'm driving. -Morning. How are you, Prince? -I'm okay, I'm fine, thank you. -I'm Fred, nice to meet you. -Nice to meet you too. I had a look this morning at your Instagram. -Yeah. -You got 43,000. Yeah, imagine that. Established brand would kill to have such a penetration in the market. How do you start to cook in your mom's kitchen in a council flat... -Yeah. -...and get such a following? How did you... What was the moment that you started? Um, well, I used to cook and put it on my social media platform and people just started requesting that. "Ah, is that for sale." Then people would just be like, -"That looks very nice." -I've done that before and nobody wanted to buy my food. I was... I just had the... I had the flick of the wrist. I had the magic in the wrist. Once you stick your fork in one of those prawns and then you taste it, I mean, that garlic butter, it will be dancing all over your tongue. I'm looking forward to trying it. Good luck. -Thank you very much. -Thank you, Prince. [Prince] I kind of taught myself to cook. We live in an age of information, right? I've seen people build robots from YouTube. You see what I'm saying? So once I attained the knowledge of it, I just thought, yeah, got to crack on. [narrator] Prince has expanded his usual Trap Kitchen menu for his first night as a restaurant. Cajun-fried chicken is ten pounds, lobster tail and prawns is £15, and his famous Baller's Combo, shellfish and chicken together, is £20. Are those sized too small? They look good. [narrator] In Greedy Khao, many of Lee and Faai's vegan dishes are based on meat substitutes like tofu and seitan. They want Greedy Khao to be the new lunchtime option for the one in three people in the UK who say they want to cut down on meat. I'm battering our chicken. That's a protein derived from the soy plant. It's shaped and textured in such a way that it kind of resembles chicken. Morning, how are you? I'm Fred. -Lee. -You okay? So tell me about your brand. I mean, the Greedy Khao, is there an appetite on the high street for a pure, vegan-Thai restaurant? [Lee] But when you look out at the sort of, overall trends that are going on at the moment, if you look at the number of people that are looking to reduce the amount of meat and dairy that they consume, -it's huge. -What is your actual vision for your brand? Where does Greedy Khao sit in the market? We think it's something like Leon. You go in, you order at the counter, you've got nice bright menus just up above you, you wait for your food and you go sit down or you leave, whatever you want to do. That fast food format, it's a bit more like what we currently do at the moment. You have a very clear vision for your brand, it's really good to see. Thank you, lovely day to you. Take care, nice to meet you too. -Cheers. -Thank you. [narrator] Greedy Khao's menu features Thai classics with a vegan twist. Their red curry features seitan instead of chicken. Khao Soi, a richly spiced noodle soup from North Thailand, replaces chicken with tofu. Both are £7,95. And their spiced fritters are £4,95, with corn instead of prawns. It's 5:30 p.m. Doors open in two hours. Welcome to Greedy Khao. -I'm Dinesh. -Lee. -Nice to meet you, Prince. -Hi, nice to meet you too. [narrator] Greedy Khao and Trap Kitchen are joined by two experienced local waiting staff. -Are you excited? -Yeah, definitely, yeah. [narrator] And both restaurants are holding a staff briefing to let their teams know how they want service to run. To run a restaurant successfully is very difficult because it relies on staff. So what restaurants must do is inspire their staff so that when they serve their guests, they do so by sharing the vision and the values of your brand. So, hello, welcome to Greedy Khao. Rather than your sort of usual Thai restaurants in the UK, which gives a very, sort of, fussy experience, we're about is making it vibrant and fun, bursting with color and flavor... So today, obviously we're going to open and we're going to serve real customers. And... [laughs] And... Who's excited? You excited? Is everyone here excited? That's good. The way we figure it's gonna work tonight... Leo is going to be talking to customers, as guys come in, he's gonna be welcoming them, showing them to their seats. You two guys are going to be taking orders and running the food to and from the tables. Basically, we've never done it in an actual, live restaurant before. If anyone here is feeling not confident, I'm in the same boat as you guys. You see what I'm saying? [laughs] [Fred] Prince is a very enthusiastic and positive guy. But in his briefing tonight, he wasn't really precise or detailed enough. People need to know what their jobs are. They need to know what they do and how they're gonna do it. Is he going to survive? That's my question. Good evening, guys, welcome to Greedy Khao. [narrator] 7:30 p.m. The doors are open. Hi. Welcome to Trap Kitchen. [narrator] Tonight, these two takeaways become restaurants for the first time. [Leo] Good evening, guys. Hi, welcome to Greedy Khao. It's Saturday night in Manchester and people are out for a good time. And good food. The first night of a restaurant can be very difficult. What I want to know, will they sink, or will they swim? -So we want one of everything. -Yeah. Is this table big enough? [woman] We'll make it big enough. We'll survive. We need Jackfruit Laab, we need a classic red curry, we need a Khao soi. -Yes, Chef. -Yes, Chef. -They both want Baller's Combos... -Hi, how are you doing? Do you want something sweet? It's sweet waffle. It's getting a bit busy but I'm calm. -You know what? I want two Baller's Combos. -You want two? Oh. That's two whole meals, by the way. I've never had it before. I've just seen it on Instagram. Trap Kitchen is full tonight. And it is only because of that. Prince puts one picture of his food a day and thousands of people see them. And thousands more wants to come and eat his food. This is the power of social media. So are you also just having the Baller's Combo? Yes. I'm gonna get two sides, yes. You know the name when you hear it. Trap Kitchen, Oh, yeah, London. Heard that these guys were having an opening, and I was like, "I've got to come." [woman] It's like supporting your best mate. You don't know the guy personally but you wish him well, you want him to do well, it's a nice concept. You like the food, you like where it's come from. It's authentic, it's genuine. I've got to literally do all of these ones, -and then do all of these ones. -Oh, is this what you're doing? Yeah, that's what I'm doing now. -So Baller's... -So which one have you just done? [Prince] Well, I'm so confused, bro. [narrator] An hour into service, Prince is under pressure. He's not used to getting multiple orders to different tables. Yeah, I've gotta, kind of, create my own system of taking the orders. Because this one's confusing as hell. These are going cold, yeah. That's been sat there for a while. Now we've got the hot plates for. Just make sure when you're doing your check back because it might have gotten cold, it's been there for quite some time. Okay. I just got, uh... Take an order and I'll come and get... You got people over there, they're waiting. We're absolutely starving. Absolutely famished. So, yeah, looking forward to the food coming up. Very, very much. We've got a new set of service coming in 20 minutes, which means that every single diner in this restaurant -has to be out in 20 minutes. -[laughs] Yeah, so... I'm gonna have to probably bring someone in... In here to help me. -Right. -Emmanuel. We're gonna let them take care of it, you come in here and help me. Just gimme two seconds, and I'm gonna get you guys sorted, yeah? This is worse than actual Trap Kitchen at home. -What do you think? -What do you mean, it's worse? -Like, it's more... Yeah. -Pressure. Yeah. -But pressure makes diamonds, baby. -Exactly. -So this is table number nine. -Yeah. [narrator] Across the way, vegan Thai is proving just as popular with the Saturday night crowd in Manchester. -That's really nice. -That is actually tasty. You're obviously having the wrong thing, 'cause that really does taste like chicken. -Okay, the corn. -Thank you. -How are you? -Hello. -You doing all right? -Yeah, we're doing well. How are you, Faai? Doing very well. So this is where the magic happens. [Faai] Yeah... [Fred] It's brilliant. -Yeah, the red curry is... -[Fred] It's all ready? -All you have to do is put it in the bowl? -Yes. Because when we do street food, most of the time we just don't have time with service to do anything. [Fred] No, of course. Which is why we tend to have everything ready from the start. -You can't get it wrong. -No. [Fred] I really can't believe this is the first night they've opened Greedy Khao. It's so smooth. Faai is gliding in the kitchen. The staff are relaxed and they've got the time to do their job and talk to the customers. It's brilliant. I haven't seen a vegan place that's Thai before, so there's definitely a demand for it, I think. I just want them to get the investment so that I can come to the restaurant. We might be going somewhere after for a bit of meat. -But no, it was lovely. -[laughs] So this one here's ready. [narrator] Half-past 9:00. Now Prince has accepted help in the kitchen, customers are getting the Trap experience. Now that's weird. That's a sweet waffle. How's the food? You like it? The spice and the actual taste itself is lovely. Just need to ask you. How's the food? -Really, really good. -Yeah. Really, really nice. What do you like about it? Such good, kind of spicy flavor. [Fred] This menu is like nothing I've seen before. It's got lobster, prawns, chicken, macaroni cheese, mashed potato, sweet Belgian waffles on the same plate. It makes absolutely no sense to me. But what do I know? For these guys, it's haute cuisine for the Instagram generation. [Prince] There's always gonna be mistakes made. It's just about getting the hang of it and being able to, kind of, like, I don't know, get better. This is our first time. I think we've done pretty well for our first time in a live restaurant, to be honest with you. Our self-esteem is really high and we've kept the pressure under control. So we just gotta get crackin'. [laughs] It's not every day that one meal could change your life. But that's the reality for Lee, Faai, and Prince. The investors are coming in today to try the food. Greedy Khao and Trap Kitchen are one mouthful away from realizing their dreams. [Lee] Better. Better doesn't mean good. That means very good. But I can't wait to taste it with all those other flavors. This is one of the most important meals I've ever made. [narrator] At Trap Kitchen, Prince has already prepared two Baller's Combos for the investors. You're excited, Emmanuel? -Excited for you. -Yeah? How are you feeling today? The question is, how're you feeling? 'Cause it's your big day. [narrator] And today means more to Prince than just the chance to move out of his mom's flat. [Prince] My parents, they migrated from Ghana and went to live in Italy. They felt that bringing me over here to Europe would give me the opportunity to actually make something out of myself. Leaving your homeland to go to somebody else's homeland and being able to have your kids, raise your kids there and hope that they can become something, that's the drive, that's where I get my drive from. Good morning. How are you doing, Fred? I'm doing fine, thank you. -Yes, I'm fine, how's it going? -Good, thank you. Today, you're cooking for two people. They are the most important people you will ever cook in your life. Yeah, yeah. -They want that quality up there. -I'm ready. [laughs] All you have to do is produce the food and you're off. -That's right. -Good luck. -Thank you very much. -Good luck, guys. [narrator] Over the next few days, the investors will test the restaurants' customer service and business plans, but their private lunch today is all about the food. On his guest list today, one of Britain's most successful investors, David Page. He's grown some of the UK's biggest brands, including PizzaExpress Gourmet Burger Kitchen and Franco Manca. Trap Kitchen has got 43,000 followers. And you probably have to pay 100,000 pounds to get that amount of followers. And he's done it on his own. He's got 43,000 people, every day passing his door. And that's what's happening to retail, of course. There's nobody now going past the shop on the corner, they're all looking at Instagram. [narrator] Joining him, Scott Collins co-founder at 11-strong burger and cocktail group, MEATLiquor. [Scott] I love the idea that he's built his business on social media, which is how we built MEATLiquor. That has a synergy. I guess I'm quite jaded when it comes to restaurants, but this is the most exciting thing I've heard of for quite some time. It's incredibly shrewd business-wise and marketing-wise. [David] I'm looking forward to lunch. How is he gonna present it in the restaurant? Is he gonna ponce it up? I do hope he doesn't. Because that will, like, ruin the... What he's obviously very successful at the moment. If Prince makes it great, then I'll be investing. -Hello. -[Zair] Hello. Welcome to Trap Kitchen. -Hello. I'm Prince. -[David] Hello, Prince. David. -Scott. -Scott, how are you there? -Are you guys hungry? -We are, yeah. Yeah. I'll bring you over to your seats 'cause we've got loads of food for you today. -[Prince] She's gonna quickly serve it up. -Yeah, yeah, it's okay. Have we got choice there or is it coming like that? [Zair] Uh, we've made everything for you, so you can try everything, if you don't mind. Okay, yeah. Don't worry, we won't be offended if you can't finish all of it. But we want you to try. -Happy to graze. -Okay. Whenever I go out for any meal, you served it, you look at it. You instantly make a connection whether you like that food or not. Here we go. Still got a bit more. Might be a bit too filling today. I would've rather it was one little bit at a time. Yeah. -Okay. -Is it a race to finish this first? [David] What we got here. -We got... Everything. -Everything. Oh, okay. A bit of Cuban mash. I know it's a lot to eat. Crumbs... -One packet of lime leaves. -No. Maybe a quarter. This is much more high-stakes than an average service for us. -Much more high-stakes. -Maybe half of that. Half of that. So I can feel the nerves actually, physically starting to affect me a little bit. I'm just trying not to think about it... So don't ask me any more questions. [laughs] [narrator] Greedy Khao's one shot at investment rides on Chris Miller. He runs the White Rabbit investment vehicle. This multi-million pound fund has backed four new ideas in the last year. Greedy Khao is a lunchtime grab-and-go. I'd like to be able to see it sitting alongside a Pret or Wasabi. You know, one day a week rather than going to an Itsu, you'll go to Greedy Khao. If they can do that, then I think they are gonna be in a very, very interesting position in the market. I hope the food is as exciting as the branding. It's gonna be that first taste, and after that taste would I want to come back? -Hello, welcome to Greedy Khao. -Thank you very much. [Chris] So first question what does Khao mean? Khao in Thai means a meal of rice. So in a sense, Greedy Khao doesn't mean anything, but we think it's fun, it's cute. I'm actually starving. [laughs] If it's possible to get some food... We can definitely help you with that. -Okay. Excellent. -Grab a seat. I've looked at near on 300 restaurants in the last year and a half. And I've invested in four. So you've got to offer something very special. -And so here's the menu. -Okay. And the prices are about what you'd like to see-- [Lee] They're about what we would sell them as. You really need to be able to get lunch and a drink for at least a bit under 10 pounds for it to be an acceptable offer. What we would do in the concept, we'd have them in our little takeaway box. You'd get some curry, for example, rice and a side for that price. So we're pricing roughly the same as the Leons and the Wasabis would do for that kind of, that kind of full meal. Yeah. People will go to a restaurant because of the hype, because it's new, because it's exciting, but they'll only come back if the food is great. All righty, so here are the first dishes that we'd like to present. These are our classics. This is the red curry with tofu puffs and butternut squash. -Okay. -This is the green curry with chicken, which is a soy protein. This is a challenge, 'cause tofu generally... -[Faai] You don't like... -Pretty bland. Just gonna come around and join you guys. -Okay. -When was that made? -Um, probably about, uh... -This morning? -Yeah. -Yeah, all right. My view, Prince, is that I was a bit disappointed that it was actually cold by the time it got to me. They're all on one plate, so it was all a bit of a mixture. And I'm looking, tomorrow when we come back for lunch, to be able to see and taste all the individual dishes slightly separately. You've recognized the hurdle already, haven't you? It was far from terrible, that would've been my worst nightmare, but you were a bit rabbit in the headlights, throwing it all at us in the same time. The mac n' cheese needs to be more cheesy, so I'd scrap the mozzarella. And mozzarella is quite expensive. You could probably replace it with a cheaper, better, more flavorsome cheese. Yeah. Also presentation is not very good. And I wasn't very impressed. What do you normally serve this in? Um... White boxes. Can I see them? So that is the Trap Kitchen experience. Then I think that's what you should be serving in. [David] I liked him, Prince. Lobster was about the best thing, but visually it needs a lot of improvement. It's great for take-out, great for delivery, but poor for imaging for a restaurant. Had you worked in, like, a commercial kitchen before? -No. Never. -No? -You're doing quite good numbers. -Yeah, yeah. Like, I built it up slowly, it was going slow, going slow, and then there was a point where it just went boom. Forty-three thousand followers is mental. How did you pull that off? -I don't know. -It's not just the food, it's your charisma. [Scott] People's perception of what a restaurant is, has changed massively over the years. He's doing massive numbers for three days' trade a week. So he's doing lots right. Cheers. [Scott] He has a lot to learn in a lot of areas, so it's not gonna be straight forward. But I think he could be worked with. He doesn't seem to have much idea of what a restaurant customer wants. They want to see the food being prepared, they want to see it come out hot and then want to get it while it's hot and then eat it while it's hot. I'm looking forward to coming back, 'cause I hope he's gonna improve. It wasn't bad enough for me not to come back. They just felt that the menu... Just switch it up, go back to basics. So I want to get rid of the Portland jerk chicken, I'm gonna add cheddar cheese into my mac, I'm gonna get rid of the potato mash and the French fries... Yeah. The most important thing that needs to be there, of course, is the waffle and the mac n' cheese. We'll just see what happens tomorrow. [laughs] So, Red Thai Curry... The core sauce and ingredients... All nice. Um, the tofu... You're still undecided about tofu-- That's also, it's a personal preference on tofu. My first opening concern is, I think they've relied too heavily on meat substitutes. It needs to have that real, exceptional standout, next level where you go, "Ah, there's a reason why... "They're doing something different here." My heart always sinks a little bit if somebody doesn't like something. I don't like some dishes, I love some dishes. Yeah. -I think it's okay. It's normal. -It's only normal. And at least we know he's a super honest guy. I'm just thinking, from his perspective, he's thinking about what would make this dish complete. Yeah. Whereas from our perspective, we're most of the time, it's like, "How do we make it the way it's supposed to taste?" Now that looks very good. [Lee] This is Khao Soi noodles. Right. [Lee] What you won't like is that it also has the same type of fried tofu in it. Um... It's just a different kind of curry base. Well, let's start with the tofu. The sauce in there is fantastic. This dish has raised the game because it's not just another red or green Thai curry. And what I'm looking for is not the same dishes that you find in every Thai restaurant that's already on the high street. What I would love to see... Is it done in a way that is more the experience from a grab-and-go customer, which is what it's gonna be. I'd quite like to ditch all the crockery, and if we can get hold of any grab and go boxes, throw the rice in, throw it all together make it a bit more of a... What you'd experience if you walked in from the street for lunch. Let us try and recreate for you what we normally do. -Yeah. -And I guess we'll take it from there. [Faai] Thank you very much for your comment. [Chris] No, no, thank you very much for lunch. I'm remaining open, really, that last dish was a kicker. What I'd like is to see her being a bit braver with the ingredients, and doing something that is as bold and exciting as their branding. I'm still kind of undecided on that, maybe. I don't know why whether it was like, you should remove the meat substitutes and just focus on veg, which I disagree with. I feel like there needs to be that protein, texture-y, meaty element in it for it to be a full meal that I'm gonna pay eight or nine quid or whatever for. There are issues, but the... There's definitely still something quite interesting about what they're doing. There's still an opportunity of an investment. It's um... It just needs a bit of work. [narrator] Tomorrow lunchtime, the pressure builds. The investors will get to see how well the restaurants cope when they're full of paying customers. But today isn't over. We'll see you later. [Chris] Good luck, guys. [narrator] Lee and Faai and Prince now face a high-stakes business meeting. One hour with the investors to go through their finances and plans for their future. I will be testing Greedy Khao on their numbers. It needs to be something with the cost of ingredients, plus, you know, the cost of staff, plus your overheads, plus your rent, but you end up still with the ability to make money from it. [narrator] Lee and Faai are asking Chris for a £225,000 investment. I've just been looking through your business plan, and... It's one of the best that I've seen in a very long time. Wow. And I get sent one of these a day. The thing that still, I'm not quite sold on yet is the cost of each dish, when you're up against Pret and Itsu and the rest of it. With takeaway hot food, you have to add VAT to it. You do, yeah, you do. So that means someone's paying £9,60 for their main dish, with rice, etc... Plus a pound, £1,50 for a drink. And that's where it starts to become uncomfortable. That is definitely uncomfortable. When we were thinking about the VAT, we were thinking more... Yeah, just add it on, if people want to sit in, forgot about the fact that your hot food is... Even if they wanna-- Even if you take it away, you do have to charge for it. If, to make it a more acceptable grab-and-go lunchtime, we have to bring the price down, your revenue's going to drop and so the profit at the bottom will be slightly lower. But then, equally, you hope you do more sales. -[Lee] More sales, yeah. -So... [narrator] During the meeting, Chris can choose to spell out the offer he'll make if, and only if, he decides to invest tomorrow. So you're looking for £225,000, offering a 20% stake in the business. Typically, I look to take a majority stake at the start but with a clawback mechanism, which means you're earning more as you hit certain success points. I personally would feel uncomfortable giving away a majority stake, because then that makes me feel as if I don't have control of what direction the business is going now. I put into contract a long list of things that you have final say over so you don't feel like you're losing control of what is your baby. You can have well-structured arguments in a piece of paper and you can have great branding, but ultimately what is gonna get people coming back to your restaurant is the food. -Thank you. -Thanks. -Cheers. -Thanks a lot. It's make or break tomorrow, if I'm honest, on the taste. -Your hands were shaky. -Yeah, I felt that. [Lee] Tomorrow's our last chance to impress and just show what we can really do. It's really important for us that he backs us. The catering industry is a very fast moving industry. -Extremely fast moving. -And you need to move fast, otherwise you'll just lose it. Otherwise, there's gonna be another vegan Thai place with backing that will get into the public's consciousness before we do, and then they will become known as that really good vegan-Thai brand, and that's what we want to be known as. [narrator] It's now Prince's turn to talk business. I really like Prince. I admire anyone who can dream so big. But he's so raw, he's only operated from his mom's kitchen. And that is a leap of faith the investors will have to take. And I can't wait to find out if they're willing to do that. [narrator] As both investors see Trap Kitchen as a serious business opportunity, they'll each have an hour alone with Prince. Hello again. How are you? Fine. [David] So, he's taking ten grand on three nights a week. Whatever he's doing is working. Whether you can transfer that to a business environment where you sign a lease, got responsibilities... At the moment it's all a bit hanging loose. Your accounts were good, as far as they went, I noticed for a couple of days the electricity was 20 quid and then you didn't pay your mom one day on a Tuesday or something. I don't what happened then. And you obviously just estimated the cost or something. But, I mean, that all needs to be worked out slightly finer with just a blank sheet of paper. Start your turnover, you get a lot of costs being taken off. In bottom right-hand corner is the profit, and then hopefully that's quite a nice figure. This is all still kind of new to me. I've been in it for about a year, so obviously you know exactly what you're talking about. -Because you've-- -I've done it. -Yeah, you've done it. -Done it. I'm still staggered how you got from zero to 43,000 followers. -Did you buy a load of 'em? -Oh, hell, no. I didn't buy not even one of them. Do you appreciate how big that is, though? Yeah. Not even just Instagram, Snapchat is actually an even better way -of getting your product across. -Followers? Yeah. That's very smart. -Exactly. -Very smart. [Scott] He's clearly entrepreneurial. It doesn't matter to me that he's inexperienced at all, because I started at the bottom and I was given some great breaks and I grafted and worked my way up. So, I see that as a positive rather than a negative. Uh, so I'm really looking forward to lunch tomorrow. And what I'd like to see is the food arriving hot... It all was a bit lumpy today, a bit piled up, you know, which I know is the style. I took some of your advice in. And definitely I'll be serving that in Styrofoam boxes. So it was definitely needed. The advice. -I'm here to learn. -Yeah, okay. I'm here to just make changes where I can. [narrator] Scott and David might need more convincing tomorrow, but they both have a potential offer for Prince. I think you should get a permanent base. And I'll help you. What you'll need is a link to the property -and a link to the equipment... -Yeah. And I'll make sure you'll get both those things. So what you're offering there is basically a premises -and a link to equipments. -That's right. And obviously we desperately need those. Anyways, so I'll base my decision on what happens tomorrow... -Cool. -...lunchtime and if the food is better presented than today. Cool. [Scott] What he's doing is unusual, which I think is what the high street needs, in that you go out in the high street now and it's all the same. Something novel like this, if it breaks, it can be very big. Have you looked into commercial premises? Yeah. The premiums are pretty expensive. There shouldn't be any premium for a commercial kitchen, but you wouldn't know that but that's something I could... So, I guess, tomorrow if that goes well, I don't see any reason why I can't help you make that next step. -Thank you. -Don't mention it. -Thanks, man. -[laughs] [Prince] Ever since I started Trap Kitchen I've been grafting, you know what I mean, like nonstop, and hard work has brought me here, so tomorrow is the big day. It could possibly change my life. [Fred] In Manchester, it's the third and final day for Greedy Khao and Trap Kitchen. Now they must prove they can run a restaurant for full paying customers. The investors will sit in and watch their every move and only then decide if they put their hands in their pocket. For Lee, Faai and Prince, it's a life-defining moment. And they must deliver. Faai, is it just the lime peel or is it okay if there's some of the flesh as well? Today Chris is gonna get a better idea about Greedy Khao is about. Today could change our life. You two get your aprons on. And let's do some work. We've got two important guests coming in today, so I want everybody to be on their A game. Every single food that we push out today has to be hot. If you feel like it's not hot, bring it back. So, you're gonna be back on the tills again. -Yeah. -[Prince] Yeah, and... You're gonna be serving. You guys know what you're doing, right? -Yeah. -Get crackin' guys, thank you very much. Obviously, I knew I couldn't be smiley, smiley with the staff anymore because, um, I think, our last service, we didn't do so great. So everybody knows that it is a real kitchen and we gotta get the job done properly. -Morning. -How's it going? Well, I can see you're very well organized today. Yeah, yeah. This is like a 360 change in this kitchen. You really reduced the menu, didn't you? [Prince] Yes, I did. So, um, I decided to take a few things out. Things that I don't usually serve on a normal Trap Kitchen day. And, um, just basically going back to basics, really. Just doing what the customers love us for. This is bold, this is very strong. It's very important in this business you need to constantly change and adapt. It's really good. Good luck. Keep that smile up, you know. The race is almost over. Like you've gotta finish. Right. -Take care. See you later. -Take care. All right. [narrator] In Greedy Khao, Lee and Faai are preparing to offer Chris a more typical grab-and-go experience. So one thing that Chris did mention was that some of the curries could do with a little bit of texture on top. And that's what we use the crispy shallots for, so they can see what it's like the way we would normally serve it. So what we're gonna do is just for him, we're gonna prep a couple of portions in our regular take-away boxes. -Morning. -Oh, good morning. -Hi, Faai. Lee. -Hello, are you okay? I'm very good, looking forward to our final day. Yeah. How many dishes are you changing? We're not changing anything. We're not really changing, we're more adding. Um, adding some sides, and adding some textures that weren't there in the dish that we had before. And you think it's enough? Yeah. We believe in our business vision and food. Um... And, yeah. We're confident. Chris is obviously looking for that exceptional food. And hopefully we'll be able to deliver that today and at the end of the day we'll get the investment -and we can open a bottle of champagne. -[laughs] -Take care. Enjoy. -[Faai] Thank you. -Thanks. -Bye. -See you. -Bye. Guys, let's work. -Hi, guys, how are you today? -Not too bad. Good afternoon, guys. Welcome to Greedy Khao. [narrator] 12:30 p.m. Greedy Khao and Trap Kitchen are open for lunch. [Prince] We're gonna get rid of the china and today we serve how we normally serve. [narrator] Both restaurants are fully booked and expecting 50 covers. There's a Cajun ready... [Prince] I need a chicken on that as well. -I'd recommend one each. -[man] Okay, one each. [Chris] The big question today is, have they upped their game of the food? Because, for me, I'm not looking for something which is as good as what is on currently on the high streets. I'm looking for something that does it a lot better, very unique, That is what will make it a success, that is what we'll be able to turn it into a nationwide or global brand. And so that's what today's about. Are you going to have a table, or shall I sit you up at the bar? -Actually here. That'll be great. -Okay. Hello guys, how are you doing? I'm kind of familiar with the kitchen now, and it's all about just adapting, really. [Scott] I mean, regarding investment, he has a lot to learn in a lot of areas, So it's not gonna be straightforward. There might be some questions are answered today. There might be more questions are raised. [David] There is room to grow his business and get a permanent kitchen, but whether I want anything to do with it is up to the experience at lunchtime and how he copes with real people in a real restaurant. -Hello again. -Nice to see you both again. Yeah. -I'll bring you guys over to the table? -Yeah. Okay. [Fred] The investors have just gone in, and Prince has made the changes just like they asked... He's gone back to basics so that they can see the real Trap Kitchen. Hello, Prince, how're you doing? Doing good? Looking forward to seeing the... Some small changes that have happened, so... So come back for the Khao Soi, three rice and a Laad. -It's your duck curry. -Oh, lovely. And the Jackfruit Laad. It's already got a more positive feel to it. But it's... You can see people enjoying it. Hi, Chris, so what we've got here is soy and sesame slaw on the side and we've got those lovely, crispy shallots on top. And this is what we normally do. You know, this has all of those elements that you talked about as well. It already feels more complete and the kind of thing you'd order at lunch. Much better with the crunch. Bit more texture. The slaw is lovely. And sticking it all in a brown box makes it a bit more relaxed. -Just makes all the difference. -Excellent. I think Chris definitely can see the concept that we're pitching to much more clearly now. He even likes the flavors more when they're presented in this casual format. I'm very happy to hear that. Prince, they're lovin' the mac n' cheese. Very good. [David] It's great, isn't it? Actually looks... There's a bit of theater even though it's a polystyrene box. Either way you like. We're gonna share all of it. No problem, there we go. Please enjoy, thank you. [Scott] Now that looks 100 times better, doesn't it? It does, yeah. Yeah. It's piping hot. [chuckles] Right. I'll try this cheese. I don't think the mac n' cheese is still making it. -It's still not cheesy enough, is it? -No. All I can taste is the seasoning again. The presentation of the lobster tail is completely different this time. Yeah, I know. This is 20 quid. And you can pay 20 quid for a ruddy Domino's and two liters of fizzy water. No lobster on it. And so much more exciting. I'd say a Domino's alternative. [David] Looked genuine... In a polystyrene box, you know, would you believe? It looked more genuine than on a... Than lumped on a crockery plate. -It's good heat on there as well. -It's not too sweet. [Scott] The second experience was infinitely better than the first. Yeah, he made an effort, and with everything he's got on his plate, it's quite good going, I wasn't expecting that. -How are you? -Good, thank you. -Good to see you. -Good. -How's the food? -[Chris] They've... Gone a bit more down the route to what they're used to, which is street food. -It totally changes the... -[Fred] Really? -Yeah. -So is it a bit of a dilemma for you now? Are you... -[laughs] A little bit. -Really? [Chris] I could see a few of these on the high street sitting next to a Wasabi or a Pret or an Itsu. Yeah, I could see people choosing this for lunch quite happily. Must be difficult. It's always difficult. Ultimately you gotta write a check. You gotta roll the dice, and you don't know if it works until six months, a year down the line to see if actually, if people come and if they come back again. -Good luck. -Thank you. See you later. Lee and Faai have definitely got my interest back from yesterday. The next couple of hours, there'll be some maths. I've gotta work out what they need to sell this for to make it work. All right. I'm off. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you. [Chris] I've then gonna look at what, at that price, will enough people come, and then decide if I'm gonna come back into that room and put in an offer. [narrator] In Trap Kitchen, Scott and David have got their hands on some customer comment cards. [Scott] "Great combination and different food and flavors." "Seafood was great." "If I can only eat one thing for the rest of my life it'll be that mac n' cheese." Very good. I'm not a good Samaritan. I'm here to try and make money and then go and lie on a beach as soon as possible, all right? I'm gonna away and think about if I wanna help him, yes or no. [David] The waffles... I don't know how old they were. Um, the garlic bread... I mean, he's done fantastically well because he's got to the stage without any training, and without probably never being inside a professional kitchen. He's impressed... You know. I'm having an internal conversation with myself. But there's no decision made. Or even close to being made yet. [narrator] Lunch is over. Now the pressure is on the investors. They have to decide whether the ideas are worth their money. I just wanna thank everybody here today. Give everybody a pat on the back. My gut feeling is telling me that I will get the investment, but let us see how it goes. [Fred] Hello. You okay? -How was service? -We did our best. Good. Well, you know, now the pressure is on them. He's got a deadline. -He's gotta decide. -He's got one hour to come back. And if he comes through that door, in one hour, he will make you an offer, if he doesn't, well, I'm afraid there will be no investment. [narrator] Lee and Faai came here looking for £225,000. If Chris doesn't return with an offer of investment by 7:00 p.m., they'll walk away with nothing. [Fred] If he doesn't come back, do you think you have to change your strategy? We put a lot of work into it at this point, and I think if Chris isn't interested, it doesn't necessarily mean we need a change of strategy. If we keep getting a no from here on in, then we'll definitely have to look at what we're doing wrong. He's not coming. Oh... Genuinely gutted. I'm disappointed. I thought he was... I'm disappointed. I just think it's not what he's looking for, maybe. On paper, it was a great idea, but in reality, out of the three key things that I look for, which is an obsession with product, scalability, and an excellent management team, they had two out of three. The absolute obsession and the magic in the food was just lacking a bit. The grab-and-go market is very, very competitive and so, unfortunately this time around it's not for me. What do you think is next for Greedy Khao? I think we've learned a lot from this experience. We know at least that our business plan is solid. Chris obviously isn't the right investor for us, but it does leave us in a very good position going forward. And I'm gonna start reaching out to as many different potential investors as I can. And we'll take it from there, really. Good luck, guys. Good luck. Well done. You've done very well. -Thanks a bunch. -You did. [narrator] Now it's Prince's turn to wait. David and Scott have a deadline of 8:00 p.m.to walk through the door and make their offer. If they both come back, Prince will have to choose between competing investors. It's just, kind of, frustrating a bit, being in a limbo. -Not knowing if they're gonna come in or not. -Yeah. Which investor do you prefer, David or Scott? Um, if I had a choice, it'd probably be David. Like, he specializes in building businesses to its full potential. The time is up, Prince. They did not come. Obviously they probably didn't feel like... It could be anything. We just have to just prove them wrong. [David] Effectively, if you're financing somebody, you gotta be pretty sure you're gonna make some money out of it. I'm not sure whether there's any money to be made by investing in Prince. He's obviously got a successful business, it's very admirable, and I'd like him to keep in contact with me, and I'll be on the end of the phone and I'll give him some advice. It's gonna be okay. I'm good, man. I know, I know you're good. The reason I didn't invest was because Prince, although he's got a very successful burgeoning business, he's gonna need a lot of work. And he needs to learn a lot. Any investment, it needs to have some sort of hope of return and it would've taken up a lot of my time and effort and energy, which I don't have. I've got businesses to run of my own. Shall we have a drink? Yeah, come now. Good. It wasn't really about coming and getting money, um, it was just more about... Just learning, learning new things, and I've definitely learned new things and we're gonna keep doing what we're doing and try to grow it as big as we can and just keep our head down, and it's their loss, innit? [Fred] No investment for Prince tonight. I felt for him, he must've been so disappointed. But he's a resilient man and I believe in him. He built Trap Kitchen out of nothing from his mom's kitchen. And I have no doubt he will find a way, he will get what he wants. Essentially you're looking at £18 for lunch. Do you think it has the potential for people to pay that sort of money? Yeah, I do, I think so. Is anyone listening to me? Aubergine. Two seconds on your aubergine I'll just see where it is. Still waiting on food for Table 1. So I need one more aubergine. -That's gone. -They said they haven't had it. It's a £600,000 lunch. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 