Million Pound Menu: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Million Pound Menu 
 s1e5 - Dynasty and Bubble& - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Million Pound Menu (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Dynasty and Bubble& - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm Fred Sirieix. I've worked in the restaurant industry for 25 years. Right now, the UK's restaurant scene is the envy of the world. And all it takes is one great idea to make a fortune on the high street. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But has the next generation of restaurants got what it takes to become a multi-million pound business? Over the next six weeks, here in Manchester, the food capital of the north, twelve of the most exciting new restaurant ideas are in with a chance of a life-changing investment from some of the UK's most respected investors. These are the men and woman 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 who can turn an idea into a national brand. We're looking at putting a lot of money into the absolute best concept. This is the kind of model that you dream of. If I find the right operator, I'll be fighting for it. [Fred] Each week, the investors will give the people behind two great new food ideas a unique opportunity. Ah, this is brilliant! -[Fred] Their own pop-up restaurant. -[bell dings] Right, rock and roll, man. [Fred] They'll have just three days to prove... Nobody seems to know the table numbers. [Fred] ...they've got what it takes... -That's a disaster. -[Fred] ...to make it on the high street. When you start to rush, that's when you start to make more mistakes. -There's a big backlog of customers at the door. -Yeah, yeah, yeah. What are you gonna do about it? If I was to invest, it'll take half a million to £750,000. Time to make some dough. [Fred] After the three days, will the investors walk back into the restaurant... [sighs] [Fred] ...and make them an offer? It's a £600,000 lunch. We are not gonna leave without an investment. I'm sorry, the time is up. The doors are open for business. Welcome to Million Pound Menu. [Fred] What does it take to create a smash-hit restaurant business? Speak to a restaurant investor and they'll tell you their decisions are based on four things. The people, the idea, the business, and above all, the food. That first bite, is it worth hundreds of thousand of pounds of investment? So what is the next big idea to get us queuing for a table? We might be about to find out. So, this is our signature Libertine Burger. Double ground beef patty, American cheese, bright pickles. [narrator] The men and woman behind some of the most successful businesses on the high street met to choose some of the best new restaurant ideas for a three-day trial run pop-up. [man] Jollof Box is not a fast food. This is gourmet food, come down, and taste Africa in a box. Certainly got a lot of energy about it. Reminds me a lot of something I saw in South Africa. [narrator] They were looking for the two entrepreneurs with the strongest food, brand, and business plan. We require an investment of £225,000. [narrator] Then, each investor had to decide whether they like the concept enough to try it in Manchester. I can't think of a single place it wouldn't work, I can't think of a single person that wouldn't want to eat it. I'm absolutely all over this. [narrator] The first idea to get their attention, a husband and wife who want to modernize an old-fashioned English classic. Bubble and squeak, a piece of mash potato with a little bit of cabbage. It's very versatile. You can put anything with it, but there's nothing on the market that shows people how good British food actually is. Number seven! [narrator] Rupert and Marita want £140,000 to get Bubble& started on the High Street. Our vision is to launch our first Bubble& restaurants and then go national. And after that, international. I'm surprised no one's done bubble and squeak before. I haven't seen it. -You got a base product... -Potatoes. ...which is effectively rather stable in terms of price like pasta and rice. My name is David Page. I was Chief Executive of PizzaExpress. This bubble and squeak looks like the classic restaurant roll out. What you do need is a filling base for any idea. So in pizza restaurant, obviously the base, and then you can put toppings on. And then they can flex the pricing on the menu, which is a very good idea. I would go here to try it once as a novelty. But do people think that people would return and have it again and again and again? I quite like the concept, to be honest, because humble potato can be very creative. It's not just one flavor you're looking at. My name is Atul Kochhar. I became the first Indian chef to get a Michelin Star. This is quite an exciting proposition, to be honest. I know it's potato and cabbage. It's such a simple product, but as chef I know what all I can add to it to make it more exciting. My name is Jay Morjaria, and I'm a food and beverage consultant based in London, and I'd like to introduce you to my brand, Dynasty. [narrator] Next, a chef who believes Britain's ready to fall in love with sophisticated Korean food. It's a brand-new restaurant concept serving modern, east-Asian small plates, ideal for sharing. [narrator] Jay wants £600,000 to set up the first vegan friendly Dynasty. [Jay] People who want a new experience in a curious diner is what we're going for, really. And there's a lot of them out there. I like that it's a Korean fusion. It ticks a lot of boxes in terms of being on trend. I'm Lydia Forte. I work for my family business, a collection of luxury five-star hotels across Europe. It looks fresh, the dishes are appealing and colorful, which are great for an Instagram generation. But it's also healthy but not too restrictive. I'm hoping that maybe Korean is the new Peruvian. And I think it's great to be able to offer something which is exciting and bring in a totally new clientele to the space. Whilst it's focused on the vegan and plant-based sector, it will have meat and fish, which I think is very important, particularly, we don't want to alienate large groups of people. I'd very much like to go out and meet Jay and look at it further. Dynasty is an interesting concept. The whole Asian cuisine market is in ascendancy. It's a food category that people enjoy. We are looking to find the next big casual-dining concept that will, you know, sweep away the competition. [narrator] The ideas have been chosen. With two investors interested in each concept, there might be a fight over Dynasty and Bubble&. [Fred] Dynasty and Bubble& arrive in Manchester to open their doors to the public for the very first time. The next 72 hours could well change their lives and business fortune forever. Will they be able to secure an investment from some of the most respected restaurant investors in the country, or will they leave empty-handed? [narrator] The two ideas will take over identical existing restaurant sites just 100 yards apart. Today, Marita and Rupert, and Jay are about to see their new restaurants for the first time. -Oh, look! -[chuckles] -Bubble&. -That's our restaurant. -Oh, my God. -Ah, it looks great. [narrator] Over the last month, they've been working with a designer to being their restaurant to life. This is so tangible now. -[gasps] Look at the living wall. -They've done it, look. They've done a good job. It's real. You can touch it. [narrator] Four years ago, Rupert and Marita gambled everything and set up a stall selling bubble and squeak on the south coast. [Marita] What can I get for you? -Can I get a large classic squeak, please? -You got it. [Rupert] Came home from work one day and said to my wife, "What do you think of this idea of bubble and squeak?" I was like, "Bubble and what?" By that time we'd had one child and then another. She had a baby girl bouncing around on the front, you know. Yeah, in the freezing cold, you know, with her little, like, snowsuit... [Rupert] Customers loved it, though. [Marita] They probably felt sorry for us... [both chuckle] Look at that American lady in Winchester talking about bubble and squeak. [narrator] Their foods won awards, and now the customers queue to pay between seven and ten pounds a dish. Rupert and Marita want an investor to commit £140,000 to help them grow. It's like a child, isn't it? The child just wants you to believe in them, you know. It's just kind of like that thing. You just want the investor to believe in you and say, "Yeah, that's exactly what I want. "I can see where you're going." [narrator] Opposite Bubble&, 42-year-old Jay Morjaria is also about to see his restaurant for the first time. [Jay chuckles] Oh, wow! Looks really cool. Oh, my God. I love the bamboo and the... Oh, my God, my light box. I never thought I'd see that up in, like, that big. [narrator] Seven years ago, Jay gave up his job as a furniture buyer to train as a chef. Now, he's a consultant for other people's restaurants and runs Dynasty as an occasional supper club. [Jay] My parents ran Indian vegetarian restaurants, so cooking's always been a passion for me, and one of the things I've always enjoyed is Korean food. So I decided that I was gonna spend a bit of time in Korea. I worked in restaurants to learn a bit more about the traditional Korean cooking, but I've always wanted to own a restaurant. [narrator] Jay's looking for £600,000 to open Dynasty so he can establish the first of a collection of restaurants. Sorry. I'm getting emotional now. It's just been a massive journey for me. I feel that I've got the right concept, I've got the right experience. It's everything that I've kind of just wanted for such a long time now. So, yeah, I want it bad. [chuckles] [narrator] Both restaurants have brought their own teams to help. Six at a time, into the ice water, and do it like one minute 45, okay? Could you work over there? 'Cause that's garlic. [narrator] Jay met Rebecca at a food fair. Tonight, she'll be front of house at Dynasty. [Rebecca] For anybody that hasn't tried Korean food, I think this will be, like, a great, like, first experience for them. [narrator] Tomorrow, in just 24 hours, the investors will be arriving for a private lunch. So, this evening, both restaurants will open to the Manchester public for their one and only practice run. It's their soft launch with 50% off. It will test every part of their service. Not everything will go according to plan, but that's the whole point. They need to be ready for when the investors arrive tomorrow. -Good morning. -[Marita] Good morning. -I'm Fred, how are you? -Hi, I'm Marita, how are you? -Marita, nice to meet you. -You, too. Tell me what is this concept Bubble&? Bubble&, yes. It's all about bubble and squeak. So, was it like a eureka moment for you? Well, it was for me, yeah, and when I got the support from Marita, "Great idea, great idea," it was like, "Okay, now you just got to do it." So what's your vision for it? I mean, is it like a one-site operation... -No. -Or is it something you want to roll out? -No. -[Marita] We'd love to see it globally, -if possible. Why not? -[Fred] Globally. World domination. -Bubble&, New York. Why not? -[Fred] I get it. -It's classic... -And it hits the heart of a lot of English people. -Family values. It's very important. -Oh, 100 percent. But it's never done before, so for me I can't help to think this is either genius or the other way. We're going genius. [laughs] Great. Well, listen, have a great day. You got, I'm sure, a lot of work to do with your mise en place. And I'll see you later on. -Thank you. -Thank you. [Fred] Rupert and Marita are a great team. They believe in their product. But in a restaurant, we hardly invent anything. We recycle. There are only so many genuinely new ideas. So it's either those guys had a moment of genius, or there's a reason why it hasn't been done before. [narrator] Rupert spent years working as a head chef, and his menu and prices tonight have been adapted for a restaurant setting. There's the classic bubble and squeak topped with organic egg and hollandaise at £11. Bubble and halloumi cheese curry is also £11. And Rupert's new seasonal special, bubble and wild pheasant and sprouts, costs £14. [Rupert] There's just so much involved in what I do. I'm almost putting restaurant food in a street-food scene. You know, I'm trying to put something square into a round hole sometimes. -Shiso is done. -Yeah. [Jay] Can you do the mix for the tempura batter? [narrator] In Dynasty, Jay's hoping Korean food will be part of the growing trend for Asian cuisine. One in six UK restaurants is now Japanese, Chinese, or Thai. At the heart of Korean cooking is its famous spicy pickle. So, this is my, uh, this is my kimchi, my whole cabbage kimchi. Basically, kimchi is like a staple in Korea. Every family has their own recipe. It's secret in their family. It's about 560 leaves, each one pasted, by hand, with chili and garlic. [Fred] Morning. How are you? I'm Fred, nice to meet you? Nice to meet you, Fred. This is Rebecca. -Nice to meet you. How are you? -Hi, nice to meet you. Hello. [Fred] So, why Korea? What is it that you like about Korean food? -I love spice. -[Fred] Right. But I also really like all the other flavors like garlic and soy and sesame. Are people ready for Korean cuisine? I think we're at that point where people want food that's great taste, big bowl of flavors, and all the dishes are small plates. -Is it for sharing? -It's for sharing, yeah. [Fred] Are you big on your kimchi? -Yeah. Oh, I can show you my kimchi. -Yeah? -There you go. -Thank you very much. Wow. It's very, very good. Very good. That level of expertise is amazing. This is really what Korean food is about. -If you can't do kimchi... -That's it. -Forget it. -Get out of the game. -Yeah. -[both chuckle] Good luck, Jay. -Nice to meet you. -See you later. [narrator] Jay makes everything on his menu to order. Tonight, he'll be cooking roasted pumpkin in a Japanese curry sauce, priced £6,50. Charred wedges of hispi cabbage with sweet miso, tahini and apple at £7. And bibimbap, fried Korean rice balls with seaweed and homemade red-chili mayo at £3,50. [Jay] There's a lot to do still, but as we're getting through the prep and ticking off things then you know that it's starting to come together. It's getting closer and closer to service so, yeah. [narrator] It's 6:00 p.m. Doors open in an hour. Both Bubble& and Dynasty will be joined by two experienced local staff to help with service. Welcome to Bubble&. Yeah, hello. I'm Marita from Bubble&. -How are you? -I'm good, thank you. [narrator] And Jay wants every diner to receive a full traditional Korean welcome. [Jay] People will walk through the door and we will all try and shout welcome in Korean based on the cue from you, Rebecca. [speaking Korean] Even if you don't say it quite right, it will sound fine when we all say it together. We're gonna say... [speaks incorrect Korean] [in English] I forgot. I don't know. I'll have to... I'll have to read. I don't know Real customers are gonna start walking through the doors, so we need to just smash it for them, yeah? What are we gonna say whenever people walk in? [all speaking Korean] Let's do it. Come on. -Hi, guys. -Hello. How are you? Welcome to Bubble&. Every service is like a battle. The troops must be primed and ready for anything. [greeting in Korean] Hello. Welcome to Dynasty. [Fred] Tonight, the customers expect great food and great service, and nothing else will do. Two fried bibimbap, one pumpkin. Yes, Chef. Hello. [greeting in Korean] [greeting in Korean] [Fred] Oh, very nice. What a welcome. [waiter] So we're gonna go with the bibimbap and the mushroom stew. -I've got to have the kimchi. -You've got to have the kimchi. [staff greeting in Korean] I love the welcome. Its such a lovely touch. Something you just don't think about having when you see it. And then you usually go, like, Indian or, like, you know, steakhouse. -I think we're just gonna order everything. -Yeah? Is anyone listening to me? Okay, great. Aubergine. Four aubergine altogether. One with chorizo. [narrator] He may never have run Dynasty as a restaurant before, but tonight, Jay wants every plate to look and taste the part. Order up, please. Jay is so intense in there. He's running the show by himself almost. He's such a perfectionist. He cooks everything a la minute. It means cook to order. And that puts a lot of pressure on the kitchen. Aubergine, mushroom and grill tempura... I'll do the mushrooms now. Can you portion out four kimchis for me? Otherwise, we're not gonna be able to get them out. [Jay] Very, very nervous, a little bit panicked. We've got a lot to get done. It'll be two seconds on your aubergine. I'll just see where it is. Still waiting on food for table one. So I need one more aubergine, mushroom with cauliflower. [Jay] Yeah, that's gone. -They said they haven't had it. -Okay, we'll do it. [Rebecca] Table number five, yeah? -Table eight. -Table number eight, sure. Here you go. Enjoy, guys. [narrator] But when the food finally finds its way to the table, the customers are impressed. Really nice texture, really crispy. [woman] Very fresh as well. [man] Yeah. Kimchi is very nice. Enjoyed that a lot. This is amazing. Every little mouthful. I think some of the foods were really simple as well, like that cabbage. You probably won't think that you'd get that out of a cabbage. I'm actually gonna have cabbage again after this. Well, you know, I could eat like this maybe two or three times a week. Then he'd have to go back to his pasta... Then I'd have to go back to my carbonara and spaghetti bolognese. [all chuckling] [narrator] Tomorrow, the investors arrive for their private lunch. Tonight, Bubble&'s customers are about to have a first taste of high-end fried mash and cabbage. Okay, new order. Two lamb, one halloumi, a greens and a carrots, okay? Hey, guys, are you all right? Yeah? Is it okay for me to get a dish? -[Rupert] Whichever one you want. -Maybe your classic. [Rupert] The classic? Yeah, of course. Why not. Perfect. Thank you very much. That's delicious. [woman 1] Is it? [woman 2] Mmm. [Fred] This is proper English grub. Cabbage and potato. And they want to build an empire out of it. [narrator] Bubble& will need repeat business if they're to capture a slice of the average £50 a week we now spend on eating out. I like to see empty plates. Now, what is bubble and squeak? The squeak is different. Isn't the squeak different? [woman] I think it's something that everybody likes, but you'd never normally base a meal around it. [woman 2] Everything tasty. It's spot on. However, I don't think bubble and squeak has got legs in this day and age, 'cause bubble and squeak is a dish served in the war times. And I think with millennials in this day and age, they'll go, -"What...is that?" -Yeah. Last night, both restaurants felt the pressure. But that's to be expected. Good morning, guys. I know from experience that every service is an opportunity to learn, make corrections, and do better. -Good morning. -[Jay] Good morning. Today, the investors are coming. Their food, their vision, their financials must stack up enough to get that vital investment. Uh, yeah, put the sesame on top. Now I'm just starting to feel the pressure a little bit. Today, it's just all or nothing on the food. It's a £600,000 lunch. Essentially what it is. I told my daughter that my mascot is a Korean tiger, so she wrote this little message to me. She's my little taster, she's my little everything. So, yeah, it really is just nice to have a little support from family. [narrator] Over the next two days, the investors will test the restaurants customer service and business plans. But today's private lunch in two hours time is all about the food. It doesn't feel real, the investment bit, yet. Yeah, something you dream of. You're almost that far away from having the restaurant. It just... It feels almost tingly. [laughs] -How are you? Good morning. -[Marita] Good morning. -[Rupert] Morning, Fred. -How's it going? You had a good night last night? Yeah, very good. Enjoyed last night. -The people liked it, huh? -I think so. We got a good response. Are you confident you can produce the same quality today? Yeah, definitely, yeah. Can you convince them that there is room for bubble and squeak as a concept on the high street? I think so because you go to a sushi restaurant, you have sushi, you go to a pasta restaurant, you have pasta. You go to bubble and squeak, you're not just getting bubble and squeak. It's bubble and squeak plus more. The thing is it tastes good because of you. -Because you can cook. -Yeah, my recipe, everything. And if I'm not there, they still get the same quality product. Good, good. Well, look, I wish you good luck. -[Rupert] Cheers. Take care. -Thank you. [narrator] On Bubble&'s guest list, David Page. He's grown some of the UK's biggest restaurant brands including PizzaExpress, Gourmet Burger Kitchen, and Franco Manca. When I first got involved in Pizza, which was, uh, 1973, everybody thought it was a fad. I tasted sushi 25 years ago and I never thought it would come to the UK. So I'm keen to be part of the journey with people who think of new ideas. And then you come to the investment decision, which is, is this product ready for the UK market? Will it ever be ready for the UK market? [narrator] David's competition is international restaurateur and chef, Atul Kochhar, looking to expand his investment portfolio. I'm looking for opportunities to be able to operate on high street. Bubble and squeak can really scale up in very big numbers, in my opinion. The biggest challenge is to standardize a product, so we have to keep this product really simple and straightforward. How they stretch one basic product to encompass a number of different tastes is gonna be very interesting. It's only potato and cabbage, but who knows? This might be the real diamond. -[Marita] Hello. -Hello. -[Marita] Welcome. -How are you? Welcome to Bubble&. How are you? Hi, Atul. Rupert. Rupert, Atul. It's good to meet you. Hello, David. Nice to meet you. So there are house bubbles and the seasonal bubbles. And they have three starters. It sounds like a good plan. Yeah. Bubble and pheasant? -Bit upmarket. -Definitely. [narrator] Today, Bubble& will serve all their starters, all their mains, and all their puddings. [Marita] So what you have here is our beautiful smoked ham-hock starter. And here you have our roasted golden beetroot starter with some shallot crisps. -So bon appetit... -Thank you very much. It's beautiful. It's more of a fine-dining to me. Very posh and very lovely. It won't get many fans anywhere other than quite posh suburbs. It can't be humble restaurant. It's sort of completely the antithesis of what I thought I was gonna get. -Anyway, we'll see what happens in the next course. -Yeah. [narrator] Dining at Dynasty today, five-star hotelier, Lydia Forte. She's looking for new ideas for her luxury hotels in the UK and across Europe. It's really hard to find the right idea. There's a lot of elements that come together to make a great concept. Jay is someone who has a lot of experience in the kitchen. And he's been to Korea. He's spent a lot of time there. So I'm excited to see what he's come up with. [narrator] Joining her, Darrel Connell of food and leisure group, Imbiba. They've invested over 50 million pounds in new bar and restaurant chains. [Darrel] With Dynasty, it depends how complex the food is. If it's super high-end Korean and very complicated, I think that will struggle. There is a reason why pizza restaurants and burger restaurants are successful, because everybody likes pizzas and burgers. The consumer does not want to be intimidated. The product needs to appeal to many, not just a one-off restaurant. [Lydia] I actually don't know Korean food very well, but I'll be interested to see how it comes across to an untrained palette like me, because I think a lot of customers will be like me and haven't experienced it yet. [both greeting in Korean] -Hello, hello. -How are you? -Hi, how are you? -Welcome. -Lydia. -I'm Jay, nice to meet you. -Hi. Darrell. -Nice to meet you. -Jay, very nice to meet you. -This is Rebecca. What we're gonna do for you today is kind of the whole experience, so we're gonna bring out the entire menu. [Darrel] So, it's obviously plant-based. -Yes. -And then you add meat. So, yeah, we kind of flipped the script a little bit in the sense that, if you go to a regular restaurant, you'd have about three or four options that are gonna be vegetarian or vegan. Uh, what we've done is we've done it the other way around. So our hero is the veg. -Great. That's really exciting. -[Jay] Thank you. [narrator] Jay's menu today is a showcase of his best dishes. Seaweed flat bread, vegetable tempura, and fragrant shiso leaves with plum ketchup. I can't think what it's similar to. -From a culinary perspective, it's quite intimidating. -It is. I'm looking at this menu thinking, "What am I having?" God, I'm not quite sure. So, this is our bibimbap and then on top is a gochujang mayo. -It does look great. -[Darrel] It does. I like that it's individual. That is really, really tasty. Mmm-hmm. [Rebecca] This is a seasonal tempura. We have sweet potato and shiso leaf. That is really beautiful looking. Mmm-mmm. That's really yummy. This is really good tempura. It's really light. They seem to be enjoying everything. And everything's going out at a nice pace. And, yeah, they seem to be smiling, which is important. It's uh... It looks like it's going well. [Rebecca] Right, gentleman, this is the bubble and classic squeak. So this is the dish that started it all. [narrator] At Bubble&, the bubble and squeak mains are served. Mmm. Delicious. [Atul] How does it taste with the egg? Good? [David] Mmm, pretty good egg. Yeah, good quality egg. -Beautifully done. -[David] Brilliant bacon. [Marita] Beautiful. Here is our beautiful bubble and lamb. Actually, I think it looks better than it tastes. There's hardly any flavor, to be honest. Yeah. [David] Hmm. It seems like they're having a really good conversation about every bite. They're really studying it, like... [Rupert] Well, let's hope it's a good thing. I don't know. I don't know if they're saying... I don't know. Yeah, I forgot the first one, but I'll remember this. Yeah, yeah, yeah, This is the sage-roasted pheasant breast and confit leg. You've got some glorious bread sauce there, which Rupert makes with gluten-free bread crumbs. -[Atul] Go for it, David. -Okay. It's very important that they like it, because, otherwise, there's no concept, there's no way forward. If you don't like the food, you're not gonna invest, are you? -Nice. -Hmm. In French casinos, at the roulette table, there is a very famous saying, [speaking French] [in English] Basically it means, place your bets, the wheel is spinning. And right now in Bubble&, the wheel is spinning. [David] My issue is the price. If they're gonna go into that mid-market segment, they're competing against a hamburger of £7,95 or £8,95... Main courses were between £11 to £16 for potato and mash and the topping. That's too expensive. -[Atul] Let's put some numbers here. -Yeah. -Six pounds for a starter. -Yeah. And then £11 for a bubble and squeak. -Yeah. -That makes £17. -A glass of wine... At least £5? -At least. Twenty-two, and maybe a dessert then. Twenty two and six. -Yeah, you're looking at... -[whistles] £28. And 10 percent service charge, so that makes it £30. Thirty quid a head. So we're sitting here, and we've got to evaluate this at 30 quid a head. Franca Manca is £9,50 a head. -So, £9,50 per head? -That's our average spender. People can come in, have a pizza and a drink for less than £10. Some dishes were just amazingly beautiful, some were not so. Now, as a business, yes it's a great concept. Whether it works as a restaurant, I'm doubtful about it. Some really good cooking. Thank you, Atul. -Lovely host. -Thank you. -See you soon. Take care. -Bye-bye. I think there's quite a lot of confusing messages in there. Now, if you're an investor and you got a restaurant, you gotta grab hold of it and understand every single part of it. And that includes the food being delicious, delivered at a right price, you like it so you're proud of it, and you think that the UK public will get it straight away because it's something they understand, they don't have to think about it, and it's the right price. I don't know about you, but I haven't felt that I haven't eaten any meat. -Have you? -[Darrel] Yeah, yeah. [chuckles] [Jay] We've got two versions. This is the mushroom, and this is the lamb version with exactly the same stew, so the meat eaters don't feel like they're missing out. [all laughing] -There's gonna be sort of... -No, no, no, no. -Please enjoy. -Thank you. It's really nice. It is really, really nice. Is it strong enough, as a food offering, to continue to come back? I loved tasting that food. It was really unusual, but at the same time approachable. Great selection of dishes. I think there were very few dishes which weren't really exceptional. [speaking Korean] The "quality of the food" box has been ticked, so, that's one hurdle closer to the finish line, I think. Through the noren curtains. [Darrel] The food quality was exceptional. Jay and the team did a great job. Thank you very much. Bye. [Darrel] We've seen that he's a great chef, but it could be quite an intimidating menu. And there are no, sort of, safe, go-to dishes on that menu. Obviously being plant-based, there wasn't much meat, which is definitely a trend. Right. Shall we clear up? -Yes. -Let's clear up. [narrator] Tomorrow lunchtime, the pressure builds. The investors will see how well the restaurants cope when they're full of paying customers. But today isn't over. Jay and Rupert and Marita now face a high-stakes business meeting, one hour with the investors to go through their finances and future plans. [all greeting in Korean] -How are you, guys? -Yeah, good. -How did it go, Jay? -I'm super positive about it. -Very good. -[Jay] Yeah. So, in a few moments you will have the finance meeting. -Are you confident with that? -Yeah. I... You know, this is my strength, and that's why I need to partner up with someone whose strength is numbers. So you cook, they do the numbers. -Perfect combination. -Absolutely. That's what it's about, right? -Great, great. Listen, good luck. -Thank you very much. -[speaking Korean] -Take care. Bye. See you tomorrow. [narrator] Lydia and Darrel see Dynasty as a serious business opportunity, so they'll both have a private meeting with Jay. Deciding whether to go for Jay or not is such a big decision because we have a limited number of sites. And we actually have a lot of choice in who we put into those sites. Most chefs want to be in luxury five-star hotels. [Darrel] The bar restaurant sector in the UK, really, in a simple term, fall into two counts. The business people that happen to run restaurants, or the restaurateurs who happen to run businesses. And Jay, that's a restaurant guy first and a business guy second. [Lydia] Hi, Jay. -How are you? -Good to see you again. [narrator] Jay is asking for a £600,000 investment. In a smart suit, not like the other chefs. I'm more comfortable in my whites, but yeah. I mean, my experience today was really great. I loved your concept. The way that you've evolved the Korean food, you're riding on the wave of something which is a Korean trend -which is starting to happen, which I like. -Yeah. -It's modern Asian. -Exactly. Actually, what was really fascinating... Your food was really different. The proposition was really... I genuinely couldn't think of any culinary experience that I've had recently that was in any way similar. -Honestly, that means so much... -It's true. -So I was just looking at your business plan... -Sure. It's quite ambitious margins. I've kept the team quite tight, um, based on my assumptions... At a 45 cover restaurant, you don't want to have too many members of staff behind the counter. Personally, I think you might have slightly underestimated how many team members you need. Jay's assumptions of what his staff costs would be were very low. From his figures, I did a quick calculation and it looked like he was gonna get each waiter to work 11 shifts a week. And that means that, basically, no one ever gets the day off. Ever. We've two options. Dynasty as a really special, one-site restaurant business, or you're kind of managing director of a restaurant roll-out. What's the dream? I don't want to build a huge chain of restaurants that are the same name. It's about keeping that kind of friendly, unique, local neighborhood kind of feel to a restaurant. I like that. I look at myself as creating a portfolio -of really interesting concepts. -Okay. But all around a similar thread, a similar theme. So, it would be a collection of Asian bars and restaurants -as opposed to Dynasty being... -[Jay] Yeah. -...fifteen Dynastys across the UK. -Absolutely. His idea about creating, effectively, a hub of Asian restaurants which he's creating and curating new concepts within it, is an interesting one. It's not something we thought about. [narrator] During the meeting, Lydia and Darrel can choose to spell out the offer they'll make if, and only if, they decide to invest tomorrow. I am looking to bring in new and exciting concepts -into some of our luxury, five-star hotels. -Sure. If we brought you in, I would be looking to invest about half a million. The way it would work is that we would invest all the money, we'd do up the space, you would own your brand and your concept -and you would help us set it up to your spec. -Okay. Thank you very much. Lydia potentially offered half a million pounds to open a restaurant within one of their hotels. Just amazing. I'm really chuffed. -Thank you. Good to see you. Take care. -Bye. [Lydia] Overall, his model does work. That leaves me wondering how he's gonna perform tomorrow. How he can deal with service for a big number of people. I want to see what the feedback is from those guests, 'cause it's one thing him telling me that last night went really well, but it's another thing to actually see it with my own eyes. The biggest question mark is, how scalable is the proposition and getting our heads around not backing Dynasty, but effectively backing you to curate and develop other Asian cuisine concepts, which is not something I really thought about. For us, it's about how we're gonna scale a concept, a brand in the bar-restaurant space. The commercial success is important, and there is an ambition around that. It's creating a portfolio of restaurants that still has an exit strategy. With Darrel, there isn't a clear-cut offer at this stage, but what's interesting is that he's not closed any doors. [Darrel] We're talking about here potentially investing in one of the nicest blokes you're ever likely to meet. So, would we want to partner with Jay? Absolutely. But the big question for us is, what are we actually backing? And I think that needs a huge amount more thought. [narrator] Now, it's Bubble&'s turn. As David and Atul are in competition, Rupert and Marita now face an hour alone with each investor. They're asking for £140,000. -Hello. -Hi, Marita, how are you? -Good. Good to see you again. -Good to see you, too. Hey, Rupert. Talking about Bubble&... It's almost like you haven't said completely bubble and what? We couldn't trademark it as bubble and squeak, 'cause it's a food. If you can't call it bubble and squeak, you've got bubble. It's very helpful to have what you serve above the shop. The Real Greek or Pizza Fast. Bubble &... What does it mean? And even if you knew it meant bubble and squeak, people of my kids' generation wouldn't know what it meant either. Could an investor convince you to change the name if need be? -For me, yes. -[Rupert] I think we're open to it, yeah... -We're open to it. -That's good to know. -I thought your menu pricing was a bit expensive. -Okay. Say you get your price point even £1,50 or £2,00 too high in those first four months... You'll have a lot of first visitors who'll be very complimentary about your food and they won't come back. Essentially, you're looking at £18 for lunch, -and £33,60 for dinner. -Mmm-hmm. Do you think there's a potential for people to pay that sort of money? Um, yeah, I do. I think so. [Atul] Doesn't matter if it's paired with a salmon or caviar or lamb fillet for that matter. It's a humble product. How you tweak it, how you wrap it up, in which wrapper you put it, it's still going to remain what it is, and there has to be a sensible price for it, in my opinion. [narrator] David and Atul can now choose to outline their potential offer or wait until after tomorrow's service. My investment reticence is based on the fact of will this concept be acceptable going forward and opening a number of stores? I'm still waiting to be convinced. -We'll convince you. -We'll convince you, yeah. The whole premise of it being based around bubble and squeak has got... I've got an issue with. I've got to obviously sleep on it. And then have another meal tomorrow and see what happens. -It's a good concept, don't get me wrong. -Okay. But it's a concept that needs a little more work. If we could tweak the price, if we could tweak the product, -maybe charge eight to 12 pounds... -Yeah, sure. So you appeal to larger number of people. And then that's the concept which can be taken into multiple units more easily. You were looking at £140,000 investment, in my opinion, this investment would be at least £200,000-£250,000, no less. I do want to see the service tomorrow and then let's see. Good luck. Thank you for your time, Atul. -Thanks for sharing all your thoughts, as well. -Thank you. -[Rupert] Appreciate it. See you again. -Thank you, Rupert. In terms of my interest in this business at the moment, I'm around 60-40. So, 40 I'm not interested. Uh, I would need to dig deeper to understand whether I really can put all my money into it or not. I think he could get a sense very quickly that we are open to change, so change in name... -Positives that have come out of it. -Changes in menu... That's business. Tomorrow, the service... Hopefully we can do ourselves justice and, um, we'll see how people are enjoying all the different flavors of the bubble and squeak. [Fred] Both restaurants came to Manchester determined to get the investment that would put them on the high street. But both face serious issues. [narrator] Today, Jay and Marita and Rupert open one final time. The investors want to see the restaurants cope with a full service, and discover the public's appetite for these two brand new ideas. It's the very last chance to prove they're worth the money they're asking for. [Jay] Today, it feels much more like we're running a proper restaurant. And we're really out to kind of impress everyone that walks through the door. It really is important that we try and get two offers on the table. Hopefully, any kind of questions Darrel had I answered them last night as best as I could. And, um, today, hopefully we can just win him over with the service and the experience that he's gonna have in the restaurant. [Rupert] They were concerned about the price so I thought, "Well, let's just show some flexibility. "Okay, we've taken that on board." I'm gonna take a pound of everything. It might not be enough for what they want to see, but at least it shows that we're thinking about it and we've taken on board what they've said. [narrator] But an hour before service, one investor is having second thoughts. -Morning, Darrel. -Good morning, Fred. -How are you? You okay? -I'm very well. How are you? Good to see you. Yeah, very well, thank you. So what's the story today? What's going on? On a standalone basis, Dynasty is absolutely worth investment, but from an Imbiba perspective, it's just a challenge, because we, what we do, our whole business model is multiple bars and restaurants rather than single site. And I tried to convince myself that we could somehow make it work, we could somehow find a way, but actually, it's not what we do. It would be disingenuous for me to turn up today at lunch and go through the motions when I just know it's not the Imbiba business model. It's just not worth the investment for Imbiba. Can't reiterate enough. He's a special character and he's got a huge future in this industry. [Jay] Twenty minutes. Can we do everything in 20 minutes? -Have we got... Left outstanding? -[woman] Yes, we can. Yeah? No? Everything in... Everything in 20 minutes. [greeting in Korean] -[greeting in Korean] -How are you? You all right? -How are you? -Nice to see you again. -I've got a bit of bad news for you. -Okay. Darrel Connell from Imbiba has decided to pull out. Mmm, yeah. Okay. That's a shame. Your restaurant is not quite the fit for him. Fair enough. But Lydia Forte, she can't wait to see your place in action today after that fantastic lunch yesterday. We're now just gonna be focused on getting Lydia to have a great time here. -You've got everything to win here. -Yeah. -So... -Yeah, onwards and upwards. -Good luck, Jay. See you later. -See you later. I guess I'm really disappointed by that. Personally, I would have liked him to come today and gone through the experience with customers. It is what it is and, you know, you can't control that. Lydia's coming in, and we're just gonna give her a great experience. [narrator] At Bubble&, Rupert and Marita also have a lot to prove. Right now I'm feeling nervous, you know. We've got to deliver again today. [narrator] With no clear offer on the table, it's their last chance to impress. Hello. Welcome to Bubble&. [Atul] I know that, for Rupert and Marita, it's a big day. While I'm a little forgiving, I'm also observing whether people like it or they don't like it. I want to see the energy between the two. If they're husband and wife then, you know, sometimes it's a great formula, sometimes it's a recipe for disaster. [David] Bubble and squeak... I just can't get my head around a restaurant business based on it. However, I'm going back to have some more food and looking forward to see how they work, see how the customers react. They may change my mind. How are we doing? Thank you for coming again. Hello, Atul. Hi, Marita, how are you? So, gentleman, I just wanted to point out just a couple of things we've done differently today. -You'll notice that some of the prices have changed. -Oh, yeah. [bell dings] -Well, that's good. -Yeah, yeah. And they've changed this. Redefining bubble and squeak. -I like that. -Yeah, very good. And this actually explains what they're doing. I like that. It's a new concept and never been done before, so you have to prepared to change your track all the time till you become successful. That's the mantra to be followed. So, they're already flexible, which is good. Take this is table seven. Then you got halloumi, two goat's cheese to come. [woman] I think it's good because you can come here and someone can have brunch, but someone can have lunch at the same time. [Rupert] Investors. Classic halloumi and a lamb. They want to test that lamb again. Their taste buds might be a bit different today. [Lydia] Today, I'm very interested to see that the public isn't too shocked by what they're being presented. People are willing to try something new, but the flavors have to be somewhat approachable. Can it tick all the boxes? Let's see. [all greeting in Korean] [Jay] Hey, do you mind sitting at the bar? -No, I'm really happy sitting there. -Great. Thank you. [Rebecca] Would you like a drink? Maybe some sparkling water? -I'll try one of your Bocha teas. -[Rebecca] Yes, of course. -And a still water, please, as well. -And a still water. [man] Check on, Chef. Two bibimbap, one aubergine, one pumpkin. [Lydia] I want to see a convivial atmosphere, I want to see the sharing plates, I want to see people passing each other food, talking about the food. I'm basically hoping that the guests are going to enjoy the experience. [narrator] At Bubble&, the mains are served. First, the lamb that failed to convince yesterday... The taste is same like yesterday. Oh, really? So he obviously needs some help from you, possibly. [narrator] Next, the bubble and classic. This is a classic for a reason, huh? [David] As good as yesterday. [Atul] Yeah. My food is every bit as delicious as yesterday. Can I get a seaweed... Seaweed flat bread, please? The atmosphere is good, people seem to be intrigued by the menu, by the food. [Jay] Order up, please. Service. Food's going out much quicker. Uh, we've got a system and it's good. -[Lydia] Hi, guys. Do you mind if I catch you on your way out? -Not at all. How was your experience today? Did you have a nice meal? It was great. It's not something that I normally would've chosen, but as something different it was really nice. So why did you choose it? Korean food's not huge at the moment in Manchester, but definitely very interesting. Lovely balance of different flavors. It's all vegan as well, did you realize? You feel good eating it. I'd totally try it again, wouldn't we? -Definitely try it again. Yeah. -It was nice. Well, I'm really glad you enjoyed it. That's good to hear. [man] Food was fantastic. Not the sort of things I would normally typically pick from the menu, but amazingly tasty when we had them and really well delivered. It was great, yeah. Fantastic. Great. So, if this were here permanently, is this something that you would come back to? Yeah, definitely. [Atul] How are you doing? [woman] Good. How are you? [Atul] How's the meal been so far for you? -Oh, it's been lovely. Really nice. -Oh, good. Yeah, like, it's so simple, but, like, there's just so much flavor. -And what did you eat? -Bubble and lamb on the recommendation. -Okay. -Yeah. -You liked it? -Oh, loved it. -It's really, really nice. -[Atul] Was the portion too big, or... No, it was good portion-size, I thought. -Would you order that again? -[woman] Yeah. Cool. Cool. [Atul] A concept like bubble and squeak. Do you think that works? I wouldn't purposely come out for a meal in the evening, maybe, for something like that, but for a daytime treat... The fillings were good. I always like to think that if my restaurant can always make money on every mealtime, breakfast, lunch, dinner. That's the best scenario, to be honest. It's an important question, and how I take it and how far I take it... I really need to put my mind together on it and do some numbers, too. [David] They seem to be very adaptable, very keen to learn. They quickly redid the menu, redefining bubble and squeak. They've got it in there, what they're serving. It's called Bubble&. It's absolutely brilliant. She's obviously pretty good at marketing. She knows her stuff. She's got a lot of experience. And combined with his cooking, they're a great team. [Rupert] Did they say anything? You know, they had some really constructive things to say. -Oh, okay. -Really constructive. Oh, okay. Cool. [greeting in Korean] [Lydia] Thank you. Bye, Jay. That was a really great lunch, and it's confirmed to me that the concept is attractive and that Jay can perform. But he's given me a lot to think about. Is a luxury, five-star hotel the right location for Jay's concept? I'm not sure. Well done. Well done. [Jay] So if I had to sum up today's lunch, it felt like Dynasty was really alive. [exhales] [sniffles] [exhales] Feels really good. [sighs] Better get back to work. [narrator] Lunch is over. Now the pressure is on the investors. They have to decide whether the idea is worth their money. [Fred] How are you guys? [Rupert] Hi, Fred, you all right? -How was it today? -Good service. Well, the investors now have a deadline, and they have one hour to come back, on the clock, and make you an offer. So if they walk through the door, game is on. If they don't then it's game over. -All right? Good luck. -Thank you. Cheers, Fred. Thanks a lot. [narrator] Bubble& came here looking for £140,000. The deadline is 6:30 p.m. David and Atul could both walk through the door and make competing offers, or Rupert and Marita could walk away with nothing. We were talking earlier about, was there anything we could've done different? And this is just, you know, this is who we are. -This is... -Yeah. -It's our brand and what we do. -That's what we do. And if, you know, they're not the right investors, then so be it. We have to find a way doing it on our own, or... Maybe there's another investor out there. One minute to go. [Marita groans] Marita, Rupert, your time is up. Okay. I'm sorry. -It's okay. -Oh... It wasn't meant to be. [David] I'm not gonna invest in Bubble& because it's not ready yet for the high street. The menu needed fixing. Price, portions, ingredients. That's quite a lot to fix. You shouldn't go posh with bubble and squeak, like you shouldn't go posh with pizza. [Fred] You know what? Your kids are gonna be so proud of you. -You've given it your all. -[Marita] Mmm-hmm. You proved them, you know, what you can do and what you're about. We don't feel we let ourselves down, did we? No. No, no. [narrator] But there's still an opportunity for Rupert and Marita. -Atul. -Can I join you? Of course. Come take a seat. [narrator] The investor deadline may have passed, but Atul has decided to make a late entrance. Thanks for coming back. Cheers, Atul. Guys, I don't have an offer for you, but I have a proposal. Oh. -Provided you're willing to listen to me. -Of course. Absolutely! I just feel that the project, at this stage, is not ready. It's not a concept that we can put in the restaurant yet. [Rupert] Mmm-hmm. However, it'll be a shame if I didn't come out to help. [Rupert] Mmm-hmm. According to me, it'll take good six to nine months to work together and develop the concept. And by the end of it, if the project is ready, if you feel that it's good and I feel it's good, and my team has got confidence in it, then we can go and talk about investing money with you, and I think it'll cost us about £150,000 to £200,000. And if it's acceptable, then let's shake hands and move on. -It's a generous proposal. -Yes. And also that we get to work with you and you get to develop our food with us, together. Maybe nine months down the line I'll have a massive smile on my face and we would be planning not one, maybe two, three restaurants. -Thank you so much. -Thank you, Atul. It means a lot. -I think it's a great thing you've offered us. -Oh, thank you. That's very, uh... Very generous of you. I'm very happy to be part of your project, and I hope you feel likewise. Thank you. -What a gift. -Oh! That is the best outcome ever. Cheers, guys. See you later. Come on. Give me a hug. [Rupert] We can learn off that, so, um, you know, it's not gonna be plain sailing... Everything's... You know, gold dust, there's gonna be ups and downs still, but... Oh, wow. I'm at peace now. [narrator] Now it's Jay's turn to wait. Darrel has pulled out. Jay's only hope of investment rests with Lydia. She has until 8:00 p.m. to make an offer. What are you thinking? Um... [clears throat] What drink I'm gonna have at the bar. [chuckles] What are you gonna have? Well, it's either gonna be beer or champagne, isn't it? [chuckles] -[Fred] Whether you get it or not... -Mmm. No one will ever forget what you did in here for the last three days. Your passion, your ethos, your food. It's amazing what you've done here. Thank you. Trying to vision. Good vision, good thoughts. If you start to vision what something would look like, then you kind of, you know, helps the mind focus. Three minutes. -[Lydia] Hi, Jay -[laughs] -Lydia. -Hi. Hello. -How are you? -Good. How are you? Hi. How you doing? Very glad to see you. Well, I'm happy to see you. -Um... -[Fred] Take a seat. So, Lydia. I absolutely love the concept, -and I absolutely think the food is delicious... -Thank you. -And I think you're brilliant, so... -Thank you. -I'm really happy. -What is your offer? What is your vision? Rocco Forte hotels would like to bring you to Berlin, um, to our luxury, five-star Hotel de Rome. We'd like to set you up in a residency so that we can get you cooking straightaway. And if that all goes to plan, we can find you a more permanent site within the group, specced out to your heart's content. And if we do that it would be about a half a million investment. [laughs] Let's just do the maths for this one. Three days ago, set up a pop-up restaurant concept, something that I've been working on for a couple of years. Today, I'm walking away with a restaurant in a luxury hotel group in Europe, in Berlin, with potentially half a million on the table. I mean, yeah. That's brilliant! Feeling number one at the moment. -Open that champagne. -[all laughing] [Lydia] We have, right now, chefs with a total of nine Michelin Stars in our hotels, so I'm really excited to bring him into that crowd. I think he deserves it. I think our hotel guests, but also Berlin, are gonna really love it and I'm excited to offer that to them. -[Fred] Can I propose a toast? -Absolutely. Please do. -Well done. To Dynasty. -To Dynasty. To Dynasty. Hold on. What you're saying is very well-established brands... You just said they're average. Our burger is better than what is out there at the moment. Big statement. Got to back it up now. This is a problem. We've hardly made a dent into any of them. Is that not a worry? [theme music playing] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 