Million Pound Menu: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Million Pound Menu 
 s2e5 - Tiger Bites, Burmese Kitchen, Really Rice - Grab-and-Go - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Million Pound Menu (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 5 - Tiger Bites, Burmese Kitchen, Really Rice - Grab-and-Go - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Alec] Okay, I've made yours spicy, yeah? [laughs] Bhaji? No worries, thank you. [Fred] Many of us dream of owning our own restaurant. Duck wrap, yeah? Whole one, yeah? [Fred] But some people are determined to make it a reality. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Thank you. There's nothing like this out there. We left our jobs to follow our dream. I wanna be the Nando's of duck. [Fred] It's such a tough business, but if you get it right, it could change your life. I'm Fred Sirieix. I've worked in the hospitality industry for 30 years. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Over the next six weeks, I'll be looking for the new generation of restaurant ideas. Here in Manchester, the food capital of the north, some of the UK's most exciting food entrepreneurs will get a trial run in front of the country's most respected investors. These men and women can turn the right ideas into Britain's best restaurants. I like businesses where I see, "That's almost great... [woman] First order of the day. ...but I could make it really great." -[call bell dings] -We need a pork belly. It is tough out there, but businesses that offer the customer something different are thriving. Table nine, please, how long? [Charlie] If the business plan is right, I'll fight to invest. [Alec] Next order. [Fred] The entrepreneurs will face two high-pressure days, as they run their own restaurants... People are giving us orders without table numbers. Order 29, no table number. [Fred] ...and try to convince the investors they're worth big money. That's a £400,000 pork chop. When the kitchen closes, will the investors make them an offer? It's the most nervous wait of my life. The doors are open for business. Welcome. Today, three entrepreneurs who dream of owning their own restaurant have the opportunity they've been waiting for. They've been chosen to meet investors hunting for new ideas for one of the UK's fastest-growing sectors. Takeaway. What the experts call "grab-and-go." Britain's grab-and-go market is now worth a staggering £2.7 billion. And the investors are always looking for the next big thing. The investors try out hundreds of ideas each year. Today, they're looking for just one. [Jamie] A few years ago, I think everybody wanted to eat al fresco, now everybody wants to eat "al desk-o." And, uh, I think there's an exciting opportunity ahead. [Fred] The most promising concept will be given a two-day road test in this restaurant in Manchester, so the investors can interrogate every single aspect of the business. The three teams here to prove they have real potential. [Lacey] Where's all that chicken? [Fred] Scott and Lacey, founders of Tiger Bites. They serve fried chicken in an Asian speciality. Steamed bao buns. We are making extra-large bao bun with a nice, big, juicy bit of fried chicken with sriracha mayo, Chinese mustard greens... -[Damian] How is the rice going? -[Kyle] Rice is nice. [Fred] Best friends Damian and Kyle of Really Rice. They want to reinvent the world's most basic staple with a range of international toppings. What we're trying to do is change the perception of rice. [Fred] And Wincie, who's behind Burmese Kitchen. She wants to introduce the food of her childhood to the UK. I'm serving mohinga. It's the national dish of Burma. It is a curried fish chowder that's been cooked for hours and hours. -Good morning. -[Scott] Ooh, hello. How are you feeling today? -Bit too relaxed. Yeah. -[Fred] Are you? What an opportunity you have, you've got four of the biggest investors. And all you have to do, really, today, is cook a fantastic dish and convince them that your idea is worth investing in. It's easy, isn't it? -I'm not as relaxed anymore. -[all laughing] But, guys, remember, the investors can only choose one of you to go to Manchester. -Good luck, guys. -[all] Thank you. [Fred] They have millions of pounds to fund new ideas, but these investors back just a handful of start-ups each year. -Morning. -Morning. -How are you? -Very good. You've got a big day ahead, uh, we're about to try three fantastic ideas. They are all for the grab-and-go market. These people, now, they don't want to cook so much, you know, they just want to grab something, go home, and just have that convenience to just eat whatever they want, whenever they want. I mean, is it profitable? I think it can be and I think it is a sector that is really emerging, it's fitting with the millennial tastes, that idea of convenience, value. I'm Jane O'Riordan and I build restaurant brands. These are brands you may have heard of, uh, Nando's, Pizza Express. I am hoping that I'll see something today that will spark that magic flame, something that's so clearly unique, that actually the consumers will walk past other products to come to yours. Then you've got a winner. More and more people, you know, use grab-and-go. It's obviously growing really quickly, there's a lot of new concepts out there. My name is Will Shu, I'm the founder/CEO of Deliveroo, a online food delivery company operating in 13 countries. I'm super-bullish and excited about, uh, the grab-and-go sector. You know, you see the success of places like Pret, Leon... And the thing about grab-and-go and delivery, the food has to travel well in both circumstances. So anything here should also work well on delivery. [utensils tapping] [Fred] The first entrepreneur is Wincie. She wants British diners to enjoy the flavors of her family recipes from Burma. The Burmese Kitchen is where I cook my mother's recipes in a supper club. That's where people pay for tickets, they show up and they get fed really good food, and are looking for authentic experiences. [Fred] Wincie's day-job is in banking. She set up her supper club, Burmese Kitchen, two years ago, in memory of her mother. My mother was diagnosed with lymphoma cancer and that was in 2014. And she struggled with it for about 18 months. And when she passed away, this was kind of, almost, my way of finding her again. Burma is a country, it's surrounded by India, by China, by Thailand, and everyone knows Indian, Chinese and Thai cuisine. So I think Britain is ready for Burmese cuisine. [Jamie] There's only about four or five Burmese restaurants in London and that probably tells you that there's not a massive demand for Burmese cooking. My name is Jamie Barber, I own a very large restaurant in Mayfair, called Hache, which I started with Sir Roger Moore and his family. It's very competitive out there at the moment, but most recently, Pret a Manger sold for £1.5 billion. So the prize in the grab-and-go sector is enormous. I don't know, I think, you know, people haven't tried Burmese food, -so they don't know what it is. -[Jane] Yeah. I'm Maurice Abboudi, I've been in the industry for over 20 years. I work for Domino's Pizzas as head of business development. The initial thing that attracts me are the people. Now, you've gotta be exceptional to be able to compete in that market. [Fred] Each team will serve the investors a signature dish that represents their brand to prove their food is as good as their idea. I'm serving a curried fish soup chowder, called mohinga. With turmeric, with ginger, garlic, and the final touch is the pe gyaw, split-pea crackers. [Fred] Now, Wincie's looking for an investor who will back her dream with £100,000. -[all greeting] -[Wincie] Hi, there. -[Will] It smells great. -[Wincie] It's called mohinga. This is, um, the national dish of Burma. It's a fish chowder that's been bubbling away for hours. What you'll see are lots of garnishes and each of them have their own place to create heat, brightness, freshness and sourness to the dish. -Tastes amazing. -It really does. -Oh, thank you. -[Jamie] It's really good. I think it's terrific, this is something I could eat all the time. I didn't know what to expect, really, um, 'cause I'd never tried Burmese food. I think, for me, it was really important to make it the way I grew up eating it. It's kind of like the Italians and their Bolognese. You know, every family does it different. "My grandma has the best sauce." And that's the same for Burmese cuisine. My mom makes the best mohinga. Investors, what do you wanna see in Manchester? You know, if she does go there, you know. 'Cause this is a great product. And maybe it's slow-cooking and you could assemble it very quickly. -Yes. -How many more other dishes could you prepare like that? What is the scale, um, of your ambition? Do you see this becoming two, five, ten, 100 units of grab-and-go? Or are you more interested in promoting Burmese cuisine? That influences, you know, how we think about investment. -Thank you very much. -Thank you. I really feel like I've done my mother proud, and her legacy. I cooked it the way she always made it and they loved it just the way it was. [Fred] Next to pitch are Londoners Scott and Lacey, founders of Tiger Bites. Tiger Bites is an Asian-American fusion concept, served in Taiwanese bao buns with fried chicken or vegan fried chicken. [Fred] Bao are fluffy steamed buns from Southeast Asia and they're a big food trend of the past five years. We serve gua bao in my best Taiwanese accent. Which are, like, super-sized, XL-sized bao buns in the true American style. [Fred] Scott and Lacey used to be a couple and decided to sell bao after traveling through Asia. [Lacey] I'm, like, the foodie one. I'm in the kitchen, I'm the hard worker. But Scott has got a genius mind, don't you, for maths and numbers. So we work really well together. [Scott] We are making Kung Fu Panda bao. It's called the Kung Fu Panda because it's got a kick. And then a homemade kimchi slaw. I'll tell you what I think is concerning, is that I'm not sure this is something that you're gonna have a couple of times a week. But in terms of grab-and-go, I wanna make sure that there's some length to the day part. But what else are you looking for? It's about affordability as well as quality. And getting that balance is, uh... It's tough. We want them to be nice and warm and perfectly soft and fluffy, and I think these are just that. [Fred] Scott and Lacey want to open two restaurants at once. If they are chosen to go to Manchester, they'll be asking for £575,000. -[all greeting] -[Lacey] Hi. -[Jamie] Wow, thank you. -[Lacey] Thank you. So, today, you have one of our extra-large steamed bao buns with fried chicken, sriracha sauce, and you also have sweet potato fries with cinnamon sugar, and our homemade kimchi slaw. [Fred] Let's eat. -Is there an elegant way of doing this? -No. [Jane softly] No. It's very tasty. It's like proper "dude food." It's... [laughing] Uh, nothing healthy about it, but it's delicious. You're buying fresh chicken? -Chicken's fresh. Chicken's always fresh. -Yeah. [Lacey] The baos are frozen. [Jamie] I thought the bun disappointed. I was expecting something more fluffy, just a little bit more moreish. But I thought the slaw was fantastic, did you make the slaw? Yes, thank you very much. -Is that your recipe? -[Lacey] It's my recipe. It's really good. I really love the logo. It's, like, really impactful. -[Jamie] Yes. -[Will] I could see that being, like, everywhere. I'm kinda curious where your ambitions lie. I feel like now, bao buns are right on trend to be taken to that wide market level. So, you're looking for a small restaurant which actually has some seating, where you've got 50% takeout, something like that. -Yes. -[Jane] So your food is going out the door, counter-service, and you just sit down at the table. -Exactly that. -Is it a bit Nando-y, this? I'm... I'm right there. Chicken, grab-and-go... [laughing] [all laughing] Right, investors, if you choose to get these guys in Manchester, what do they need to do? I think your food's okay. I think the chicken could have been juicier, I think this was a bit flat. So I'd love to see them fix it. [Scott] If we had fresh buns, there's definitely potential for the dishes to be improved. -Cool. -All right, guys, well, thank you very much, indeed. -Thank you so much. -[Fred] Thank you, come with me. [Lacey] The investors touched on the fact that we're using frozen buns, but we're here to get investment so we can get more money, we can get restaurants and we can upgrade our ingredients. -[Damian] How are you? -[woman] I'm good, how are you? Welcome to Really Rice. Senorita, what will you be having? [Fred] Last to pitch for the trial run in Manchester, street food operators Really Rice. Set up by 27-year-olds Damian and Kyle. Their rice bowls come with toppings capturing classic flavors from around the world. Really Rice is the world in a grain. [Damian] Which trip would you like to try? We serve rice-based dishes from the world. Everything that we serve is gluten-free and vegan, but we also offer flexitarian options. A small Trip to Japan. [Fred] Kyle, from Mexico, and Damian, from Bolivia, met six years ago at a famous hospitality school in Switzerland. Our dream is to become a global company, to be able to cater to everyone and anyone who wants Really Rice food. By Really Rice people. Rice bowls generally are on trend. Um, and I don't think anybody's done a scalable version of a rice bowl concept. -It's broad, it appeals to a broad demographic, rice. -Right. Um, and I suspect, though we haven't seen it yet, -that the economics might be quite attractive. -Very good. So, today we're cooking a dish called Trip to Japan. Purple jasmine rice with an apple Japanese curry. And it comes with edamame beans as a side. [Fred] The boys are asking for £250,000 to bring Really Rice to the high street. We left our jobs to follow our dream. It's now or never. -[all greeting] -[Damian] Hi, good morning. How are you? -All right, good. -[Kyle] Here you go. We have our Trip to Japan here, and it comes with an apple potato sweet curry. -Actually, it does smell good. -The smells are fantastic, yeah. [Maurice] And it looks visually great. [Jamie] I think I felt very health-conscious eating it, uh, which is a good thing. I thought the tastes were great, I thought there was a nice latent heat that came through. Very colorful. I thought it was a good product. The rice, unfortunately, I think, was a bit stodgy. Some parts were great, some parts okay. Jane, do you like the food? I am concerned I might get through the toppings and then not eat the rice, if I have to be brutally honest. [Maurice] What would you sell this for? On the market, we're selling it at £7.50, but if we were on retail, we will aim for £6. The cost of making the bowl is £1.25, I believe. Including the packaging? Uh, packaging, 10p. Oh, that's very impressive, you know your numbers, guys. Thank you very much. Thank you. -[Jamie] Thank you guys so much. -[Fred] Thank you. [Damian] Nerve-wracking. When someone tries your food, -you're always sitting there at the border of your seat... -[chuckling] ...to see like, "Good? Okay, uh, just nailed it." Investors, we've seen three very strong ideas this morning. Which one excited you the most? You know, which one is going to Manchester? The investors will choose the best idea for a trial run in Manchester by majority vote. What about Burmese Kitchen? [Maurice] The product was delicious, I think we all agree on that. Consumer appeal? I actually think you can build... Build quite a... Yeah, a Burmese restaurant chain, yes. [Jane] I thought the food was outstanding. You know, amazing. I'd love her to come and do dinner parties for me, but not necessarily come and run a chain. They all loved it. And they haven't had it before, so... [laughing] Really Rice... [Jamie] I can visualize what that would look like in a grab-and-go format. So I can see it as being a competitor against an itsu or a Pret. I'm afraid, Jamie, I disagree with you, I... I did not like the product, I felt there was a lot of work to be done on that. -How did it go for you guys? -Pretty good. -Quite positive. -Yeah. [Kyle] Got a good feeling, -but it's all up in the air. -Who knows? Yeah. You'd... You really... You have no idea what they're saying in there now, do you? [Wincie] No. [Fred] And what about Tiger Bites? I think, of the three concepts, it's the most mainstream appeal. And I can definitely see it working in a number of different markets, so... I liked it. The product didn't quite deliver on what I was expecting. Bao is what their whole product is based upon and their bao bun was not good enough. Right, so you have to make a decision now, I mean... So who is going to Manchester? That's what I want to know. Someone is about to be a step closer to the dream of their own restaurant. -How are you guys? -[Scott] There he is. [all greeting] It was really impressive to have you all there. The investors really liked what you did, loved the food, um, but as you know, there can only be only one who goes to Manchester. And that business is... Tiger Bites. [both cheering] [Lacey] Yes! [Scott] Oh, my God. And, you know, the four of them are going to Manchester. -Oh, I'm so happy! -This is everything. Tiger Bites had, probably, the largest mainstream appeal. We could see how you could take something that had the beginnings of a potentially compelling economic model. [Jamie] Tiger Bites have got a way to go to improve their food quality. For me, Really Rice had the edge on the food, but didn't necessarily have the edge on the mass appeal. [Maurice] The product quality needs to be improved. But I think they seem to be the sort of people that would listen. They just pipped it at the post. I wanna see passion for the food. I wanna see, you know, them take the feedback on... That the food... It needs to be the best bao I've ever had, right? And if they can nail that, then I think we're on to something potentially very big. They were very clear with their feedback. -[Lacey] Yes. -You've got to improve your food. -It's gotta be the best bao buns, no questions. -[Lacey] No worries. And the chicken, also, you know. It was eight out of ten. It's gotta be a ten out of ten. -It's gonna be an 11 out of ten. -[Fred] Brilliant. -See you later, guys. -Bye, Fred. [Scott groaning in relief] [Lacey] I'm so happy. I think I need to, like, go and calm down. Today, Tiger Bites opens for business in Manchester. Scott and Lacey have just two days to convince some of the industry's top investors that they are worth an investment of £575,000. I feel great about today. Modern fast food with a strong brand is the fastest-growing sector in the restaurant business. It's worth £2.7 billion. No wonder we have four investors interested in Tiger Bites. Tonight, Scott and Lacey will open to the paying public. -Look, look, look, look. -[gasps] That's our logo. [Fred] And they're about to see their new restaurant for the very first time. [Lacey] Oh, my God, I'm so excited. That is, like, real proper restaurant stuff. -[Lacey] Oh, I feel so proud. -[Scott] I'm gonna take a picture of that. Sick. -[Lacey sighs] -Let's do it. [Scott] I feel like I'm about to walk out on a pitch at Wembley. Oh, I feel... [sighs] Look at our tiger. I love that... Oh, I love that, too. -Feels like it's my restaurant. -It is. [Fred] Over the last two weeks, Scott and Lacey have been working with a designer so that they can show the investors their vision for Tiger Bites. So, where's the fryers? -Are these the fryers? -Look at the size of them. [Lacey] They're beasts. [Fred] For the next 48 hours, the investors will watch them work under pressure... Voila. Look at that, first task complete. All right, don't look. Come, let's work. You don't know what you're doing yet. [Fred] ...only then will they decide whether they're worth an investment. -Little bit nervous now. Just a little bit. -[Lacey speaks indistinctly] I'm nervous about the size of this restaurant. [Fred] Twenty-nine-year-old Scott and Lacey, 28, grew up in South London. Yeah, we met at sixth form and then we went on a date. I thought it went really well, she obviously didn't, and I never got a call back. [laughs] Um... And then, yeah, didn't see her, then bumped into her a couple of years later, and we went on another date and got a call back this time. And, yeah, we went out for about six years quite well. We set up Tiger Bites while we were together. And then we ran the business together for about six months before we split up. [Lacey] We just didn't work out. I think it all crumbled when we moved in together. But as business partners, uh, Scott and I actually work really well together. [Scott] It's almost been like a kid when you have a messy divorce. And now we're mates, and we make it work for the sake of the business. [Lacey] There's a lot riding on this. And, ultimately, it's the two of us. It's a hard thing to put your trust in someone else. He's a good friend. [Scott] And as much as we might say differently when we have an argument, neither of us could do this without each other. -[Bopp] All right, mate? -[Scott] Yo! -[Bopp] How are you doing? Mate, it looks sick in here. -[Scott] Yeah it is. [Lacey squealing] Oh, my God! -[Scott] Mate, look at this. -[all speaking indistinctly] -[Fred] 9:00 a.m. -[Lacey] Welcome to Tiger Bites. [Fred] Scott and Lacey have asked their team to come up from London to help them win investment. [Lacey] Put the stickers on the lids. -Yeah. -[continues indistinctly] [Sophia] We all want them to do well because, at the end of the day, we all work as a team, and we're sort... We're more like family. [Lacey exclaiming] -Super-fresh buns! -Voila. We've managed to find a guy in Soho, on the edge of Chinatown, who made these especially, bespoke, for us, for today. So, yeah, just salt the water and then you add the chicken. [Fred] There's just seven hours till service and Lacey needs to prep her most important ingredient. One of their main criticisms was on the chicken, so we've changed a few things, we brine the chicken now. I've changed the batter, it's a thicker batter, it's more spice, it's more of an American fried chicken. Even if it's not an 11 out of ten, I hope they can see that it's been vastly improved. Scott and Lacey want Tiger Bites to feel like somewhere they want to eat. That's a smart move. It's young people like them who spend the most money on eating out. Morning, everyone. -[Scott] Hello, Fred. -[Fred] How are you? -[Scott] Fantastic. -[Fred] Wow. Oh, I know, it looks so good! -[Scott] Doesn't it? -[Fred] Oh, it's amazing. Just the kind of thing we had in mind. The investors, they see the potential in Tiger Bites for a young market, but when we were in London, they were not convinced about your bun and the chicken. -What have you done about that? -[Lacey] We've done a lot. I've worked on the chicken over and over and over. I've done about 40 different fried chicken recipes over the past few weeks. We're gonna brine it, it's gonna be juicier, -there's gonna be more flavor. -[Fred] The brine will make it moist. -Exactly, the bun-- -[Scott] The buns. Finally, we found a supplier whose dough and buns are amazing. -[Lacey] They're incredible. -It was the best one we tried. The improvement, it's... You can see it straight away. So this is a new batter for the chicken. It's more of, like, a KFC-style. So, you've got ginger, paprika... I've put quite a lot of ginger in 'cause I want the ginger to come through so it's a bit Asian-themed, you know? -[Fred] What about your buns? -[Lacey] They're nice and fresh and you can smell, like, the fresh yeast. -It makes such a difference. -Yeah, no, it smells nice. What's the difference in price, compared to the other one? -They're about 60% more expensive. -Sixty percent? Well-- -But they were cheap anyway. Very cheap. -You get what you pay for. But there's always gonna be room for improvement, so we should keep working on it, and we are still a young business. -So I don't expect anything to be that big-- -Youth is no excuse. [chuckles] No. Because the investors, tonight, they're gonna invest £575,000 of hard cash. Do you know what I mean? It doesn't matter that you're young or that you're old. -You've got an idea, you've gotta deliver it. -Gotta work for it. I really like those guys. They've got such great energy and they are good fun. But tonight, it all comes down to the quality of the bun, the quality of the chicken. It's all in that first bite. That Kung Fu Panda bun... [exclaiming] ...has gotta kick some butts. [laughs] 12:00 p.m. Five hours till Tiger Bites opens. They are going to be busy. One hundred customers have booked in for dinner. [Lacey] They didn't have the normal kimchi pickled veg that I buy. [Scott] What, there's no kimchi in the Kimchi Slaw? [Fred] While the investors were unimpressed with the bao buns and chicken, the one dish they loved was Lacey's Slaw. [Scott] Doesn't look like kimchi, bro, there's no way... Nowhere near enough purple. Should have addressed that, man. Can we do something about it if I can find the kimchi? [mutters] Yes, we can. [Scott] Hello, mate, you all right? Kimchi's crucial, and it's this certain kimchi because the vast majority of kimchi's made using fish sauce. However, there's one certain brand which doesn't use fish sauce, so it's available to vegans as well. Everything today has to be the best it can be. Excuse me, have you got kimchi? -[woman speaking indistinctly] -No? Excuse me, have you got kimchi? -[woman speaking indistinctly] -No? That's all right. Last shop. -Hello, mate, have you got kimchi? -[man speaking indistinctly] Fish sauce, shrimp sauce, fish sauce, shrimp sauce... Eureka! How about that? Last one. [Fred] In three-and-a-half hours, Tiger Bites opens to the Manchester public. [Scott] Yo, yo, yo. Got a little bit of kimchi. -[Lacey] Did you check for fish sauce? -Yeah. [chuckles] Sweetheart... [Fred] Tonight's menu is aimed at a big-spending 16 to 30-year-old market. Five different baos, each come with fried chicken and exotic toppings. They have crazy names, and they are all £9. Their PBJ is Peanut Butter & Jelly. That's satay sauce, sweet chili jam and crushed nuts. Ooh-la-la. The How Bao Dat is chicken dipped in bread crumbs, served with curry sauce and pickled ginger. Taste the Rainbao. It's topped with colorful mango, cucumber, carrot and mint. And a classic Kung Fu Panda bao is served with spicy sriracha sauce, coriander, chili and sesame seeds. On the side, a portion of loaded fries. Cost: £5. The investor's favorite, Lacey's kimchi slaw, is also £5. And the menu has a very clever twist. Tiger Bites offers a vegan version of every bao for £8.50. Amongst our friends, probably half of them are vegan and veggie. So, I think to have somewhere we can all go, all eat well, all enjoy the same sort of thing, and no one has to worry about feeling left out. [Fred] It's two weeks since the investors tasted Tiger Bites. Now, they are in Manchester for a second helping. Over the next two days, they will test Scott and Lacey's food, service and business plan. By tomorrow evening, if they like what they see, there might be a fight to invest. First to arrive is Maurice Abboudi. He's grown some of the high street's biggest names. From takeaway pizza brand Domino's, to a chain of sushi restaurants. [Maurice] Tiger Bites is a youthful brand. The millennial market is what drives the future of the business, Because if the millennials like something, they tend to grow with that. So we've seen that in the sushi business, say, 20, 25 years ago, there were hardly any sushi operators. That younger generation buying sushi 20 years ago, now in their 40s and 50s, they're still buying sushi. [Fred] Next to arrive is Jane O'Riordan. Over the last 20 years, she's helped build Nando's into a billion-pound global restaurant brand. Tiger Bites is on-trend in several directions. First of all, it's chicken, chicken is protein-of-choice. Spicy chicken, even better, great. It's also got a vegan option, vegan is very on-trend. And this is a concept which can be produced consistently, at pace, from a semi-skilled kitchen and replicated. [Fred] Renowned Mayfair restaurateur Jamie Barber has backed a string of successful dining brands. [Jamie] I think us as food investors are always looking for the spirit and energy and vibrancy that comes from the street, and this certainly is one of those ideas. As I sit here today, they've got to convince me that the food offering is amazing and they've got to convince me that they can deliver a business plan that makes sense. [Fred] Last to arrive is Will Shu, founder and CEO of online food delivery company, Deliveroo. In the six years since it started, it's revolutionized the takeaway business in 13 countries worldwide. I can definitely relate to Scott and Lacey, no question about it. I remember what it was like, my first year, to go ask for money, and people completely didn't believe what you were saying. I actually have a lot of empathy for people in that position. I'm here 'cause I love the concept and I love the entrepreneurs. And I actually do think it could be a mainstream concept. We see trends globally, I think, ahead of a lot of other people. And I think bao could be really big. I don't know if it'll ever be as big as the burger, but I think it could be a big category. [Fred] Tiger Bites opens for business in less than an hour. [Scott] No pressure, all right? But if today doesn't go well, there is no tomorrow. They leave. So, make sure their food is banging. Of course, I know. [Fred] Lacey will run the kitchen tonight. It's a big leap from her previous career. I left my full-time job this year. I was in childcare for ten years. Working with children, it helps me when I'm training staff. I'm sort of nicely stern. This has to work. I'm not going back to childcare. No way. This is plan A, and there's no plan B now. This is it. [Scott] Five minutes, guys. -[cameraman] How you feeling? -Terrified. And it's not often you'll hear me say that. Coming from an Asian background, the natural path for me that everyone expected was I'd go to uni, get a good degree and then go and get a good job. It never really worked out that way, but this is something that I'm fiercely passionate about, so there's absolutely no chance that I'm letting this slip. Any minute now, guys. Scott and Lacey are about to open for their soft launch. Tonight, the customers will only be paying half price. Let's get everything put away, clean, tidy, game face, smiling. [Fred] Normally, this is an opportunity for a restaurant to find its feet. But the investors are coming for dinner. [blows raspberry] Everything's riding on it now. Hello! Welcome to Tiger Bites. If you'd like to come with me. Everything on our menu is available to meat eaters and vegans. When you're ready to order, you can make your way over to the counter, place your order there. Would you like any help with the menu, guys? The buffalo sauce has got a bit of spice to it, but it's offset with the blue cheeses. That's good. Scott is friendly, and he's natural. I like his approach. -Look, we'll get two vegan, and two non-vegan. -Okay. Can we get two of the katsu curries, please? Guys, check on. First order of the day! Two chicken Kung Fus, one original fries, one sweet potato fries. [Bopp] Yeah. Check on. Service! We've got the vegan buffalo and a vegan rainbow. Oh, that's so good. I've never had fried food in a bao, that's a first. I think thumbs up. I need an original with chili salt and an original with sea salt. Get the kimchi slaw, Deronee. I'll do the fries. Two chicken buffaloes and a chicken katsu. -I'm a bit too good for this. -[both laugh] As far as I can see, everything is working here in the kitchen. What we need to see is how it works over there in the restaurant. An hour and a half into service. [Lacey] Wow, there's a big old queue over there. [Fred] So many people want to eat at Tiger Bites, there is now a queue for tables. -We're starving. -[both laugh] -It smells nice. We just want to sit down. -[both laugh] We waited about half an hour, 40 minutes, I think. Tiger Bites is very ambitious, and they filled this restaurant tonight with 100 customers. Plus, they have takeaways. -[cutlery falls] -It's all right, my fault! [Fred] Scott should be controlling the floor, really, and coordinating and communicating with all his teams, and that is the issue. -The thing is, today is 50% off. -Yeah. And because it's 50% off, they are ordering the whole menu. -And they are making a night of it. -Yeah. [Fred] Okay, I'll leave you to it. [indistinct chatter] Yeah, just say, "Guys, look, if you don't mind, we've got another reservation. We need the table back." We've got a bit of a bottleneck, if you wouldn't mind? Sorry. [Fred] At last, Scott is taking action to clear tables and reduce the queue. [Scott] We're a little bit green behind the ears. Sorry if the service was a little bit slow. [Fred] And he's just in time. The most important guests they'll ever look after are about to arrive. Tiger Bites has got a lot of potential. There's a lot of other investor interest because it's a great idea. If I believe strongly enough in it, I absolutely will compete for it. -Hello, hi. -Welcome to Tiger Bites. How are you? -[Jane] Good to see you again. -[Will] Hey, what up, Scott? I have a lot of respect for all three other investors. -This looks pretty cool. -Thank you very much. If Tiger Bites really, really impress, it can definitely be competitive. And, hopefully, for them, it is. When you're ready to order, if you'd like to make your way to the counter, -then your food will be brought over pronto. -Cool. -[all] Well done. Thanks a lot. -Thank you. Right, so, I think we order one of every side. -'Cause I think we should taste them all. -[Jamie] Yeah. -And in fact, we're gonna order one of every burger, aren't we? -Yeah, we are. The investors are here, by the way. Do you know that? So, best behavior! So, vegan maybe goes well with Taste the Rainbow? [Jamie] I think Taste the Rain-bao. -It's a... it's a joke. -[all chuckle] -[Jamie] Okay, I'm gonna let you do the ordering. Go for it. -[Will] Okay. -Hi, there. You all right? -[Will] Hey. How you doing? -I was actually gonna have a Kung Fu Panda with chicken. -[Sophia] Yeah. [Jane] In London, the food underdelivered, to be honest. The bao bun was soggy and the chicken was dry, and it just didn't hang together. And we were really disappointed. So, there is a lot riding on tonight. The product has to be great. -Okay, is that everything? -Oh, God, now we have to pay. Last time we met Tiger Bites, um, the bao were frozen, and I just was fairly appalled by that. So, I would like to see a pretty big improvement in the quality of the food. Okay, then, guys, we have the vegan popcorn chicken. [Lacey] Same table, chicken Kung Fu. [Richard] We have a chicken rainbao. I thought I could see big smiles, but they haven't tried the buns yet. Thank you. That first bite needs to combine the softness of the bao with the crispiness and juiciness of the chicken. It just has to be perfect. -Oh, first bite, first bite, first bite. -Oh, my God. Oh, my God. [Scott] Oh, oh, oh. That product has just got to be the best bao you can find. It has to be great. The bao's definitely better than last time. Definitely better. -The bao's dramatically better. No question. -[Will] Yeah. It's very moreish. That's what you're looking for. I think the fact that they've gone out of their way and really stepped up to get the buns done speaks volumes for them. I think they have made a massive step of improvement. [Jamie] I'm very conflicted. 'Cause I'm not crazy about the product, but I can see that people like it. This is awesome, though. I'm no lip reader, but I think I saw the word "amazing." Definitely. About something. It might have been about a piece of cabbage, I don't know. But that's a good word. How's everything going for you guys? What do you think of the buns and the chicken? I think the quality of the product's much better than last time. [Jane] Much better. We have spent a little bit more money on the chicken, and I think the brine will help as well. [Jamie] I remember being blown away by this slaw. -[Jane] Lacey makes this. -[Jamie] Yeah. It was great when we tried it at the pitch, and it's equally good. Consistent and brilliant is what you're after. As long as there's been a definite improvement, then I've got a smile on my face. Lace-- Lacey. Gassed, gassed. Gassed. Absolutely gassed. -How are you, guys? -Hey, how are you doing? Everything okay? Its just so much better. So much better. Is it so much better now that you're considering investing? -Probability went up. -[Fred] Really? The food came out quickly. I think it feels right to order at the counter. You know, I like the fact that it's very unfussy. This all signals to me good value and speed, which were the two things we were looking for. Well, listen, guys, thank you very much. -See you later. Thank you. -[all] Thank you. I thought it was pretty good, but I'm not going, "That was a delicious experience." But the fact is everything that was asked of them during the pitch stage they've taken on board, and they've developed. They tried different methods, they brined it. That shows that they're responsive entrepreneurs. There's a lot of food for thought. This was 100% better. There's no question of it. This was a dramatically better bun. The chicken quality that we had was better. So, it's a dramatic improvement but still work to be done. Lacey, thanks very much. How are you doing? Uh, I'm actually okay. I think the answer to whether or not it's a good investment really comes down to the discussion we have tomorrow on the numbers. And actually whether or not the people behind it are ready for a restaurant. That's the question I've got to mull over in my head. Did you enjoy your food? -I thought the food was so much better than last time. -Good. I mean, you guys did such an amazing job improving it. [Fred] Tiger Bites are still in the game. But Will has an important question he wants answering. Tomorrow at lunch, I need to understand how well this food travels. So, tomorrow, I'm gonna do a test, fundamentally, does a bao travel great? Intuitively, it wouldn't seem that way, but I don't know. We'll have to check it out. -Hey, man. Thanks. -Thanks, bro. See you later. [exhales] We've knocked the first pin down. We've still got another massive day tomorrow, important meetings. So, get a good night's sleep. Stay on the ball. -Yes! -Sick. [Lacey] Good point. [Fred] It's Tiger Bites' final day, and they're going to be super busy. First, they've got a business meeting with the investors. Scott and Lacey must show they know their numbers. Then, a full-price lunch service. That £575,000 investment still hangs in the balance. "How to Pitch Your Restaurant to Investors." This was my reading. [Fred] But before their meeting, Jamie wants to talk. You know, I reflected on it overnight, and I couldn't really find that I got myself really behind the food. If I'm an investor, I've got to try and add value. And that means that I've got to live and breathe and really, really have faith in the food. And unfortunately, in this one, I just didn't. So, on reflection, I just think it's not an investment for me. [Fred] All right, Jamie, I understand. You know, let's see what happens with the other investors. -Great. Thank you. Bye. -See you later, bye. You've got all the festival figures here. Just in case. -Morning. -[both] Good morning. -Oh! Look at you. -[Lacey laughs] Suave. Oh, yes. -I've got some bad news today. -Okay. -Jamie's out. -Okay. -Just Jamie? -Just Jamie. So, you still have three out of four investors. This morning is all about the business meetings. You're gonna get a grilling in there. -Are you ready for that? -Looking forward to it. -See you later. -[Lacey] Thank you. [Fred] See you later. [Lacey] Okay. [sighs] How you feeling? If it's not his kind of investment or his kind of product then... it's understandable. [Fred] As the remaining three investors are in competition with each other, they'll each have one hour with Scott and Lacey to interrogate their business plan and financial strategy. [Jane] They are asking for £575,000 to open two restaurants in very, very expensive parts of London. I think they might open one for that. I think that the numbers tell me that they don't understand the numbers. [laughs] And, actually, there's an awful lot of work that needs to be done. [Maurice] Tiger Bites is such an early-stage business. But that's where the opportunity lies, is in identifying something that is new, something that could grow, something that has got potential. [Will] We're a food delivery business. We work with 50,000 restaurants around the world. And what we do is, we invite our top restaurant partners to take up occupancy in our delivery-only kitchens. And we bring them to areas in which they don't have a physical presence. I think if Lacey and Scott impress me enough, I will definitely consider not just delivery kitchens, but also funding a restaurant. There is quite a lot missing from the plan. What's the basis behind your staff costs? Manager and a head chef about two and a half grand a month. And then the KP and three bar and waiting staff on about a grand each. And have you got front of house? Okay, yeah, I didn't factor myself into that. [Jane] So, these costs are very, very light. You've probably got about £75,000 a year of other costs which are not in there. The sales, you're projecting about 550 grand a year? Projections on the gross hours were fairly conservative. Yeah, and have you got VAT? -That was gross before VAT. -That was gross before VAT. I think you've got to start thinking the VAT does not belong to you. It belongs to the government. -It doesn't belong to you. [laughs] -It's not our money. Whenever you're looking at the numbers, I would not even look at gross sales. I was a little bit surprised that they hadn't looked at their numbers a little bit more carefully. Not understanding that VAT needs to be taken off anything that is sold in a restaurant. They had not calculated that, so, immediately, the sales that they'd projected were 20% lower. Because everything has got VAT on it. Just in terms of the two of you, what do you think you need from us to be successful? We haven't been doing it very long. And, as you know, we've got little or no experience. But we're passionate, and we're ready to be molded to be a success in this industry. [sighs] There's quite a lot still to do. That's what it feels like for me. I think you've got the beginnings of a fantastic journey here, and the brand is great. But there's a huge amount you need to learn. Probably, for me, I'm not gonna be-- Well, I know I'm not gonna be the investor for you today. I'm somebody who you come and speak to -once you've done a bit more. -Yeah. -Thanks very much. -You've been really helpful. The numbers were, at best, flaky. I mean, [chuckles] really flaky. And there hadn't been enough robust thought into it, and they need a lot more experience at running restaurants before they can really understand what that needs to be. [Scott] It is disappointing 'cause we were really keen on Jane. But, you know, we've got two more investors who've got a wealth of experience. They're both still here for a reason. [Will] I'm not a restaurateur, so my point of view's going to be a little bit different. So, okay, tell me a little bit more about how well does your product travel? One thing we did notice, especially with the frozen buns, is straight out the steamer, they're nice and soft and fluffy, but once they start to cool down, they can go a bit hard again. -Okay. -Whereas now, with the fresh buns, fresh out the steamer, they're soft and fluffy, and they stay soft. [Will] In order for me to feel much more comfortable about this, I'd really want to understand that this food is fit for delivery as well. 'Cause that would need to be a big part for the business to succeed. Yeah. Jamie and Jane are out. But Will and Maurice are still in. I think they believe in the brand, so there might still be a fight to invest at the end of today. At the end of their meetings, the investors can choose to spell out the offer they'll make if and only if they decide to invest tonight. If I was to invest, it would be for a hundred grand, give or take. And it would be for a proof of concept. Then I think we need to be able to say, "Okay, how big can this get? Can we roll this out?" And at that stage, it would require more investment to really grow this business. Yeah, I think that's, you know, something that we'd be open to. We're ambitious and we have... We've got big dreams for this business, but the last thing we want to do is run before we can walk. Yeah, but that's no commitment at all. I've still got to make some decisions on that. I'm gonna be looking at the lunch service. I'd like to speak to a few customers. -We'll see where we go with that. -[Scott] Brilliant. My interest is piqued, for sure, because of the people. And I think the product can be improved to get it to where it needs to be. I am, in principle, interested, but I'm not sure if that's enough to actually make a case for an investment, so I need to think that through. So, you guys asked for £575,000. My view on that is, that's a lot to ask for a concept that's relatively unfounded. I would look at funding maximum one site, which would be about 200,000 to 300,000. What we're looking for was the initial... around that sort of figure, with a view to a little bit more down the line. -Put the bigger number down. -Yeah. I get it. It's cool. Now, in terms of things that I want to see further on that lunch, I definitely want to test out the delivery potential of this. So I'll bring a delivery backpack. And I'm also just kind of curious about eating this at lunch. Yeah. Definitely think Scott and Lacey are people that we could potentially back. Obviously, we're talking about funding a restaurant, but for me, where we can certainly add a lot of value is on the delivery side. -We'll chat later on. -Thank you very much. -Thank you so much. -[Will and Scott] Thanks. We woke up this morning with four investors. We've got two left. Still feeling good. But we cannot get complacent. I still need to make sure that lunch service is impeccable. They need to be impressed, otherwise, they're gonna be out. A quarter of a million pound lunch. Businesswoman by day, chef by night. This is it. One last lunch service for Tiger Bites. One last chance to convince the investors they are worth the money. One last chance for Scott and Lacey to change their fortunes forever. -Any minute, now, guys. -All right. [Fred] Scott and Lacey only set up Tiger Bites a year ago. An offer today would change everything. I put the majority of my life's savings into Tiger Bites. I was gonna buy a house, and I bought a catering trailer instead. Happy, happy. Big smiles. My massive motivation is to be successful, not just for myself, but for my mom and dad. Because they stuck by me a lot when I wasn't the easiest person to stick by. [Lacey] I don't come from a family that, you know, starts their own businesses. Its bigger than anything I've ever done before. And it will potentially set me up for life. [Fred] 2:00 p.m. The restaurant is open for lunch. Allez, Tiger Bites. -[Ana] Welcome to Tiger Bites. You okay? -[woman] Yes. [Fred] Today, 60 customers are booked in, and they'll be paying full price. I think we are gonna go for the peanut butter and jelly. Mmm. Try that. Going well. Smooth, so far. We're on top of the operations. Think I am, anyway. [laughs] I'm gonna be looking to see what the customer feedback is today. -Hello, sir, do you have a reservation today? -Yeah. [both laugh] What they think of the food. What their opinion is on value for money. Would they come back? And finalize my decision on that basis. -Hello! How are you? -I'm very good. Thank you. Could I try the peanut butter and jelly bao? Just do that one for me. Forget the rest for a minute. Uh, so, this is Maurice's order. It's very important that I get this right. Shall I give him a big old bit? Service! -[Richard] Are you okay? -Lovely. -We have the PBJ. -Lovely. -Thank you very much. -[Richard] Thanks. Enjoy. Very good. Came quickly, within nine minutes. So, that was all good. Let's eat. Very crispy. It's much crispier than it was last night, which is a great thing. Um, it's moreish. I think delivery is gonna be a big part of this business. I'm super excited to see if this stuff travels. Hello, Will. So, what I'm gonna do is take one bao in their normal packaging, ride around, take it out and see what it looks like and taste the food when it comes out of the backpack. [Fred] As they are in competition, both investors are sitting separately. Will's here, Maurice's here. Investment's definitely on. I can smell it. [sniffs] It might just be the bao buns, though. Hey, Lacey. How you doing? -Yeah, really good. -Cool. I'd like to try one Kung Fu Panda in your normal takeaway packaging. I want to see, like, if it's all put together, does that make the bao a little too moist? Okay, no problem. To take away? -To take away. -Yeah, I'll do it next. -Awesome, thanks. -Won't be long. [Fred] Before they back any idea, the investors always conduct all-important customer research. How are you finding the food? It's really nice. Quite fresh. -So, how are you finding it? -Amazing. This is beautiful. [Maurice] What do you think about value for money, just looking at it and what you've spent? Yeah, we just said that. It's really good. -Would you come back? -Yeah, I would. Thank you very much indeed. The customers were happy, and, ultimately, a restaurant is about happy customers. Those are the people who are gonna come back again and again and again. And they'll keep you in business. -[Fred] Maurice. -Hello. [Fred] How do you like the food? It was better than last night. -So, it keeps getting better and better. -It does keep getting better. So, look, I think that now, -the pressure is on you, Maurice. -Yes. -You have to make a decision. -I know. I know. You have to decide whether you want to invest or not. -Yeah. -So, I'm gonna give you a deadline. -Okay. -You have until 7 o'clock tonight to come back and make them an offer. -Fair enough? -Fair enough. -Have a good afternoon, Maurice. -See you. Bye-bye. I can absolutely see myself working with Scott and Lacey. In what capacity, I don't know. That's something I need to go and really think about. I've got a few hours, and I need to spend some time looking at the numbers again. Looking and thinking about what is required to take it to the next level. -[Scott] There's your takeaway, Mr. Shu. -[Will] Cool, man. -All right. -[Scott] Cool. [Fred] Now, Will wants to conduct a special trial-run. All right. Here we go. [Fred] He needs to know how the fried chicken bao buns stand up to the delivery process. Usually, the average delivery is around seven minutes or so. My fear is that the moisture might make the bao bun a bit softer than it should be, or a little wetter than it should be. So, we'll see what happens. Oh, so, riding through cobblestones. Let's see how this... food ends up. There's Will. Let me listen. [Will] Let's try it out. It's been about 15 minutes, and I went over a lot of cobblestones, too. But it seemed to have kept its form decently. Bao doesn't feel too moist, feels okay. Is that okay? It's like, uh... [Lacey] I've never had it in a takeaway box for 10, 20 minutes, and then opened it to see what it's like. So, I hope it is good. This is a big deal for him. That traveled much better than I thought it would. It's still great. The chicken was crispy, the bun wasn't too moist. I think this works for delivery and takeaway. -See you later, Will. Thanks very much. -Hey, thanks, man. -Hopefully, I'll see you in a couple of hours, yeah? -[Will] All right, man. I would say that I'm much more positive on the concept than I was last night. For sure. But I have questions around what's the use of my time? And also, the financial investment. That's what I'm weighing those two things up against. Couldn't really have gone much better, could it? -I know. -Well done. Absolutely smashed it. Well done for today. We've done the best we can do. All right, get back to work now. [laughs] [Fred] Lunch is over. Now, all Scott and Lacey can do is wait. They came here looking for £575,000. Will and Maurice now have a deadline of 7 o'clock to return with an offer of investment. Are you praying to the Kung Fu Panda? Pretty much. Pretty much. [Fred] If they both come back, Scott and Lacey will have to choose between competing investors. But if no one comes in, they will leave empty-handed. [Scott] Keep thinking I'm seeing things. People moving behind there. Then realizing no one's eight foot tall. -[Fred] Will. -[chuckling] Will. -Yo. -Hey. How's it going? -[both chuckle] -Good. -Better. -How are you? Good. I'm really good. Your hands are a little sweaty. Just a little bit. Right, guys. It's seven o'clock. The deadline has passed. There's a huge amount of disappointment in not being able to invest in people like Scott and Lacey. The product still needs work. The customer acceptance was good, but fundamentally, the business model is not there. They need a little bit more building of the foundations of a business. It's a real shame that I've come to the decision that I have, but it's based on hard facts. [Fred] Deadline has passed. I think that we need to put them out of their misery, Will. So, can we please hear your vision and your offer for Tiger Bites? I love that you guys improved the product so much. -Thank you very much. -Thank you so much. Now... I cannot give you an offer for... a restaurant. I don't think either of you are ready for that quite yet. I think there's a lot to learn. However, what I am prepared to offer you, and I think this is super exciting, is a spot in one of our delivery-only kitchens. In this way, you can reach, immediately, tens of thousands of customers on our platform from day one. My hope is together, you know, we can help raise capital for that bricks and mortar restaurant down the road. So, that would be my aspiration for the both of you, and I hope you both can share that. I think it sounds like a wonderful opportunity. I'm really, really happy to work with you, -and... -Yeah. And to get things done and to build the brand. So, are you accepting his offer? -One hundred percent. -Yes, we are. -That's amazing. -[Lacey] Amazing! -I'm gonna get some champagne. -Happy days! -Will, thank you very much. -Let's hug. -Let's hug. -That's awesome. -Thank you so much. -I'm really excited. -So are we. -[Will] This is gonna be big. That was awesome. That was, uh, a ton of fun. I'm super excited about the concept, I'm so glad they took my offer. And we'll see where it all leads. I'm excited for the future. [Lacey] Oh, this is a good day! -Awesome. -Yes. I'm so pleased. I can't believe that... Yeah, he can make our dream a reality. -Like, the geezer's-- -And he's going to. The geezer's got the capability to open every door. -Shall we have a toast? -Yes, please. -Indeed. -To Tiger Bites. [all] To Tiger Bites. -And to Will Shu. -Scott and Lacey. Brilliant. What an amazing ending. Scott and Lacey came here looking for a restaurant, but Will's offer really fits Tiger Bites like a glove. That was sick, what you done. Sick. Absolutely gassed. [laughter] How do you actually keep on top of cost of sales? I think its just kind of a waste of time. Its quite brown to look at, and sitting in a dark gray bowl is just a bit gloomy. That's one of the best dishes I've had this year. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 