Million Pound Menu: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Million Pound Menu 
 s2e2 - Baba G's, KraPow, XXVI - New Asian - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Million Pound Menu (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 2 - Baba G's, KraPow, XXVI - New Asian - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Alec] Okay, I've made yours spicy, yeah? Bhaji? No worries, thank you. [Fred] Many of us dream of owning our own restaurant... Duck wrap? Yep. Hot one? Yep. But some people are determined to make it a reality. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Thank you. There's nothing like this out there. We left our jobs to follow our dream. I want to be the Nando's of duck. [Fred] It's such a tough business. But if you get it right, it could change your life. I'm Fred Siriex. I've worked in the hospitality industry for 30 years. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Over the next six weeks I'll be looking for the new generation of restaurant ideas. Here in Manchester, the food capital of the north, some of the UK's most exciting food entrepreneurs will get a trial run in front of the country's most respected investors. These men and women can turn the right ideas into Britain's best restaurants. I like businesses where I see, "That's almost great..." [Lacey] First order of the day. "...but I can make it really great." We need a pork belly. It is tough out there, but businesses that offer the customer something different are thriving. Table nine, please, how long? If the business plan is right, I'll fight to invest. [both] Service! [Fred] The entrepreneurs will face two high-pressure days as they run their own restaurant. I just can't explain to you how important this lunch is. And try to convince the investors they're worth big money. We've got £350,000 riding on this lunch service. When the kitchen closes, will the investors make them an offer? Everything's riding on it now. The doors are open for business. Welcome. Today, three entrepreneurs who've been dreaming of their own restaurant have the opportunity they've been waiting for. They've been chosen to meet investors hunting for ideas that offer an original twist on the UK's most popular food. When it comes to eating out, Asian food tops British diners' choice of cuisine. Today, three ideas with a brand-new take on the taste of the East. The investors try out hundreds of new ideas each year. Today, they're looking for just one. It's a burger and chips, Indian-style. [Fred] The most promising concept will be given a two-day road test in this restaurant in Manchester, so the investors can interrogate every single aspect of their business. The three teams here to prove they've got real potential... Rich and Paul, the best friends behind Krapow, a fresh style of Thai street food. It's a gonna be a lovely pork mince, chili and basil stir-fry. All right? Taste it. [Fred] Young chefs Joe and Aaron, whose concept, XXVI, offers a unique fusion of Nepalese and Indian. -So tasty. That's properly spiced. -Yeah. [Alec] If you can get me some water. [Fred] And couple Liz and Alec, who've used Indian spices to reinvent the burger at their street stall Baba G's. The key to a good patty is getting the right amount of flavor and salt and spice. -Morning. -[all] Morning. How are you feeling? Little bit nervous, but... If you were not nervous I would actually be very worried. It's a big day today, you know, it's an amazing opportunity that you have. I mean, you are going to be in front of four of the leading investors in this industry, you know. So it's a chance of a lifetime. The investors can only choose one of you to go to Manchester. They're going to choose the idea that has the most investment potential. Good luck. Get cooking. [all] Thank you. [Fred] They have millions of pounds to fund new ideas, but these investors back just a handful of start-ups each year. -[Fred] Good morning. -[Jamie] Fred. -Morning. -How are you guys? -Very well. -Very good. We've got a very exciting day ahead. We are about to see and taste three operators who believe their twist on Asian food will get people queuing for a table. I mean, what is so interesting, what's so exciting about this sector? For the last 50 years, if you went to any Indian restaurant on the high street or any Chinese restaurant on the high street, the menus were interchangeable. And now suddenly, young people in particular are getting interested in regional cuisine. My name is Charlie McVeigh, I've been in the pub and restaurant business for 20 years. I sold a group of 16 pubs a year ago. I know how to develop a brand, and, most importantly, I know how to make money. Gone are the days where you can just have a generic Asian restaurant. I think people want to kind of understand the cultures behind it, the regions that certain dishes come from. I'm Jamie Barber. I've opened dozens of restaurants over my career. I wanna see a concept that's unique and differentiated but also mass appealing. I think that could be quite exciting. One of the great things about Asian food has been the margin. So rice-based, noodle-based. A pad thai can cost as little as 20p to make, and yet you can sell it for seven or eight quid. And hopefully today, we'll be thinking, "Wow, we can really make some money here," which will be great. [Paul] 74 and 75. There you go, gents. [Fred] First to pitch are friends Paul, 34, and Rich, 36. Thank you. There's your order number, 79. [Fred] They run award-winning Krapow and want to bring authentic Thai street food flavors to the high street. People know pad thai and they know green curry. That's not what it's about. Chicken and rice, sriracha mayo, number 11. We've literally sacrificed everything for this. I quit my job in finance to do this full-time and decided that it was a really good idea to buy a house, get married, have a child in the space of six months. This is literally putting everything on the line for something that we believe in. [Fred] Each team will be serving the investors a signature dish to prove that their food is as good as their idea. The dish is called Krapow Moo and it's going to be a lovely pork mince, chili and basil stir-fry. [Fred] If they're chosen to go to Manchester, Paul and Rich will be asking an investor for £300,000 for their first Krapow. You cannot do something that is just as good as what else is out there in the market. -It has to be doing something much better or different. -Right. My name is Chris Miller, I'm from White Rabbit Fund. The investment decision comes down to two things. They've got to be doing something incredibly exciting with the food and strong enough to actually launch and grow a business. We have fantastic Thai food in this country. Whether they create something where people can have a different kind of experience, I think that's what I would want to see. My name it Atul Kochhar, I'm a chef restaurateur. Asia is my region. I understand it really well. But people want something new every few years or so. So you have to be so much more sharper and savvier when it comes to your investment with new concepts. [Jamie] I'm a skeptic. I think that people see through lack of authenticity. I'd love to hear from these guys to see if they really have put in the effort to understand the cuisine rather than just appropriate it back. So this is adding in the Thai basil. The thing is, if you add it at the last minute, it stops it from wilting too much. The dish is spicy, and there's salt in it as well. The egg just brings those together. [Fred] Enough talking. Time for some Thai food. -Hey, guys. -Hi, how are we? So this is Krapow Moo. It's a chili and basil pork mince dish. We hope you enjoy it. Let's eat. What do you think about the food, guys? So, that's a really ugly plate of food. It's not pretty. I would question in the world where you're content providers for Instagram and Facebook, if that's your star dish, is there a better way to present it? I know it doesn't look good but I absolutely love the dish. I think it's fantastic. It's a little bit like Thai Bolognese, and luckily I love Bolognese, so that's terrific. It is brilliant comfort food, in the way that Bolognese is brilliant comfort food. Yeah, it's a Thai comfort food. So, guys, one thing was to understand what your Thai credentials are. I want to feel that it's more that just a gap-year experience that you've bought home. Food, as with culture, anyway, is constantly evolving. Wok cooking is only in Thai cooking because of Chinese influence. Chilies only entered Thai cooking in the 16th century thanks to Portuguese travelers. The world is getting smaller and smaller and I don't think a limitation on the food you can cook for people should be based on who your parents were. If you've got a passion for it, go for it. Can I just say, that's a knockout answer. -[Jamie] It's a great answer. -Straight right, well done. Where are you at now? Just slicing up butter now. [Fred] Next to pitch for a chance to impress in Manchester are 25-year-old chefs, Joe and Aaron. They think their high-end Nepalese-Indian concept called XXVI could take a slice of the £800 million fine-dining market. The dish we're making today is a little cauliflower dish that we've got, and then hat's finished with our family recipe curry sauce. [Joe] We'd love to have a restaurant. That's my ultimate goal in life. The name itself comes from two numbers, being 26 and six. I lost my eldest brother to meningitis, and his lucky number was 26. And Aaron's mother passed away, and her birthday was the 6th. So it's about remembering those that we've lost. This is such a huge deal for us. We're so confident in our food, we know the flavors work, we just can't wait to put that plate down in front of those investors and for them to enjoy it. [Fred] Joe and Aaron want an investor who'll back them with half a million pounds. Do you understand the ethos and what they are about? Looking at the branding, I wouldn't know what it is if I just saw XXVI on a page. And that's... That's concerning when there is so much competition and so much noise in the marketplace. It's got lemon juice, it's got peas, it's got dill, it's got cauli, it's got ricotta, it's got sauce, table side, done. -Yeah, ready to go. -Ready to go. Anyway, enough taking. The food is ready. -[Jamie] Hey, guys. -[Atul] Welcome. Thank you. So we've got homemade spiced ricotta, some charred cauliflower, some peas and a family recipe curry sauce. -[Fred] Smells delicious. -[Jamie] It does. [Fred] Let's eat. The flavor of the spices, ricotta, sauce, incredible. What I actually like about it as well, it feels relatively simple but tasted excellent. What does XXVI stand for? 26 was big. My late brother's lucky number. I was very dubious about the name when I didn't understand the background. However, what a lot of customers are looking for in the market is soul, heart, you know, real feeling coming through. That could be a strong suit. I would just caution the story is potentially a little bit too serious. After all, we go out to have fun and enjoy ourselves -and sort of forget about some of those issues. -Yeah, of course. You guys seem to be incredibly talented chefs, but I'm not really feeling the fact that you're exposed to business enough to be able to carry through a full restaurant. We know around about the bases to get us sort of started and then, obviously, if one of you guys came on board then it's that teaching that we can obviously get off yourselves. But if we invested in you, how do you think we would get that money back? -Good question. -That's a long silence. [all chuckling] It's very daunting sat there in front of those investors, knowing they're the big boys in the industry, scrutinizing everything that we've done. [Fred] The last team dreaming of their own restaurant brand are couple Liz and Alec. [Alec] Okay, I've made yours spicy, yeah? [laughing] [Fred] Indian restaurant chains grew by a fifth last year, and they believe fast food with Indian flavors will be the next big thing. [Alec] Baba G's serves Indian-spiced burgers, masala fries, and tikka chicken nuggets. [Fred] The couple have been together nine years and have a 6-year-old son, Abe. My daddy makes the best burgers. [interviewer] What's it like working together? -Terrible. [laughs] -Awful. [laughing] [Fred] They've built up the business and now run three stalls in London's busiest street markets. When you see people sitting around eating trays of Baba G's, it feels great, 'cause you've created that, and they're loving it, and that feels amazing. -I can do this bit, Al. -Okay, sorry. [Alec] We're doing our signature Bhangra Burgers. It's served in a brioche naan-style bun, filled with a bit of fresh tamarind sauce and then an onion bhaji, finish it all off with a bit of mint raita and that's your Bhangra Burger. [Fred] Liz and Alec want £300,000 from an investor to set up not one but two restaurants. Indian's one of the most popular cuisines in the UK, and if you put a burger onto any menu it'll be your top-selling item. This is closhing, it's just to get the steam through the burger so it's cooking from the inside and the outside as well. It's not very often you get in front of people who can really help push it forward. We're going to feel nervous when you're stood in front of people bearing your heart out about your last decade's work, I suppose, but let's see. Let me bring them in here. -[Charlie] Hey. -Hi, there. -Hi. -[Jamie] Wow, look at that. [Chris] Thank you so much. [Liz] That's a Bhangra Burger. [Fred] Let's eat. [Fred] Ooh. Yeah, the sauce on the side is our... -Naga chili. -Naga chili. It's really hot. -That needs to come with a warning. -You've killed Fred. My God, that's really... I just tried a bit of it. Investors, can I ask your first impressions about the food? I own a group of, uh, probably the best burger group in the country, so I think I know a little bit about burgers. I think this was great. I thought actually the patty was a bit coarse for my liking in terms of the grind. Do you make that yourselves? -We do make the patties ourselves, yes. -We make the patties. You make the patties yourself, okay. But I thought it was very good. I thought it was great. The flavors are there, spectacular flavors. And the Naga chili pickle, wow, the affect was amazing here. [Liz laughing] What is the idea? What is the customer experience going to be? We are very good at doing fast casual dining in high footfall areas. So we're looking to open, like, two smaller outlets that's true to what our experience is. Can you answer the question. Is it table service? -We're not sure at this-- -Or is it counter service? We are not sure at this point. We want to be somewhere between a Wahaca, where it is table service-- I'm hearing on the one hand only a few tables. But to do Wahaca you need 150 seats. Going forward I'd like to get bigger... We would like to get bigger sites. Just stay to what we're asking for now. Sorry. If you choose these two guys, you know, to go to Manchester and run the pop-up for a couple of days, what do you want to see? Kind of like to understand whether you can operate as an all-day brand. [Alec] Yes, yes. [Atul] Clearly I would like to see more food from them. Drinks is going to be the major offering from me, because that is real money, in my opinion. Decide what you want to do with the brand in terms of service, in terms of type of site. At the moment, I don't really know what I would be investing in. We've built this up from an original investment of £3,000. We've made a lot of mistakes over the years, and we feel like now's the time that we can use other people's money and not make mistakes with theirs. [all laughing] No, not make mistakes with theirs! Foot in mouth. -Thank you very much. -Thank you. -Thank you, guys. -Thank you for your time. [Liz] I do feel relieved now that we're out. I thought it went well. We were honest as we could be, and I put my foot in my mouth a few times, but that's kind of me anyway, so... Investors, we just had three very strong ideas presented in front of us. We have to decide, who is going to Manchester? The investors will choose the best idea by majority vote but can pull out if they're not interested. So first, let's talk about... I can't even say it. [laughs] -XXVI. -[Charlie] That's the problem. [Atul] They can cook, definitely. The flavors were good. Conceptualizing of the dish was very good. [Chris] I actually think they had the best food. But the team, I would be worried if they really could go out and launch a restaurant. For Atul to say that flavors were great, 'cause he's like obviously a Michelin-starred Indian chef and that was... That was huge for us. Charlie, what about Krapow? It's not a refined dish by any stretch of the imagination, but I can see that brand as a combination of grab-and-go and fast casual. How do you see it as grab-and-go? In what way? Well, you come in and order at the counter and they stick it in the box and give it to you. [Jamie] Bolognese and rice in it. -So you think there's potential here? -I do, yeah. I think they have the personality, they have a good understanding of business as well. Two people absolutely loved the branding, two of them were like no, hate it. What about Baba G? You know, there's not many people that's doing that style of cuisine and yet it's something that appeals to quite a large group of people, so I really liked that. I think all them generally liked our concept, didn't they? -It was just when we started to... -Talk. [all laughing] Or maybe me. I felt that Krapow was very well-disciplined but the food was disappointing. But I found Baba G's food compelling but I thought they were chaotic. Would I trust them with £300,000 and scale of restaurants, -that's a question. -Right. One of these businesses has to go to Manchester. Who is it gonna be? [Fred] Someone is about to be a step closer to the dream of their own restaurant. You've all made a very, very good impression and, um, the investors were split. It was very interesting to see them debate, you know, businesses. But anyway, they have made a decision. The idea that, for them, has the most investment potential is Baba G. Baba G, for me, is the most natural fit for my skill set. It translates into a casual dining environment very easily, and I think I can add value. They had raw talent and also, they started with three grand, they now have three venues. Clearly, they've worked out how to make money. It was a burger. Bollywood, boisterous, big. All fantastic things, to be honest. And they're ready to move to the next level. How do you feel? Amazing. This will give us the opportunity to kind of show them that we do know the vision for Baba G's. Shall I tell you which of the investors think your ideas has the most investment potential? -Yes, definitely. -Yes, absolutely. -Charlie McVeigh. -[Alec] Yeah? -Jamie Barber. -Ooh. -Atul Kochhar. -Ooh! Chris Miller, unfortunately, is out. But you've got three out of four. There are lots of disasters and lots of ups and downs when you open a restaurant, and I need to be able to see that those guys can really drag it from an idea into a restaurant. And they didn't turn up with that certainty. You really have to nail down the feedback that they've given you, right? Without forgetting drinks, because this is a big part of the business, and this is how you can turn a profit. Think about your vision, what does your restaurant look like? What is the customer journey from the moment they walk through the door to the moment that they leave? And you two have to sing from the same song sheet. I think we'll take from this. We'll actually have to start agreeing for once in our lives. [all laughing] -Good luck. -Thank you. Good luck. -Take care, see you later. -Thank you. -Thank you. -[Liz laughing] [Fred] Baba G has made it to Manchester. They've got two days to convince the investors that they are worth investing in. All they have to do is run a restaurant. Should be easy. Tonight, Liz and Alec will open to the paying public and the couple are about to see their new restaurant for the first time. Look at the big sign. Can you see the sign? -Oh, wow. -My heart... Oh, my God. [Fred] They've been working with a designer so that they can show the investors their vision of Baba G's. Perfect. -[Alec] Oh, wow. -That's perfect. I love the pink light. [Alec chuckling] [Fred] For the next 48 hours... Tell me if it's level, Liz. Yep, that is, yes. ...the investors will watch Liz and Alec work under pressure. Only then will they decide whether they're worth an investment. To be able to get the investment and for this to actually become a reality, to see it all is, yeah, overwhelming. -Bit choked up. -Yeah. [both chuckling] One Lamb Jalfrezi, one club naanwich. [Fred] 37-year-old Alec grew up in Birmingham, where his mum introduced him to a world of Indian spices. And some fries over here when you get a sec. [Fred] He started Baba G's ten years ago, and only a few months later, met Liz who was working on another stall. If you ever needed to know where Alec was, you would generally find him laughing, eating, and creating a fun atmosphere and vibe everywhere that he went. [Alec] How long on your burgers? Liz is definitely the rock in the business. I couldn't do it without her. Don't tell her that though. [laughing] At some points it's been a real struggle. We were spending a lot of time running round, knackering yourself out, running from festival to festival, with very little to show at the end of it. The realization of how tough it was, was when our son came along. I think even when I came out of hospital, Alec had to go out because at the last minute we had a job that was gonna basically pay our rent for the month. It was really hand-to-mouth. [Alec] Everything we do is with Abe in mind, you know. Mmm. I like it. We want to leave something, a legacy behind, that can help him in any way. [Alec] Hey, Baba G! [Fred] Liz and Alec have asked some of their loyal staff from their street stalls to come and help them win investment. [Alec] This is an amazing opportunity. We owe it not just to us but to the staff that have been with us for such a long time. It's about eight hours till we open and a lot to do. Right, let's get to it. [Vanina] It's an important day for Liz and Alec. Feel like it's our duty to make sure like we're all prepared. They can be stressed and we just have to reassure them we've got their backs. [Alec] We're gonna do two of the chocolate. We're gonna do a half of cinnamon. [Fred] During the pitch the investors asked about their drinks offering, so Alec has been concocting some alcoholic milkshakes. We've got the vanilla cardamom and rum barbar. We're just gonna scoop in the scoopdy scoop of that and hope for the best. Right, let's try it. If this can't get the investors to part with that 300 grand, nothing will. -How are you? -Hi, Alec. -Yeah, very well. Yourself? -Feeling good? Yeah, very well. You're looking amazing! How are you? -Yeah, good. -How do you feel? -Nervous. -Do you? Yeah, there's that buzz of electric kind of... Energy. Can't believe it's happening right now. -You must be excited? -Yeah, very excited. And so you know you've got three major investors who are all gonna experience Baba G in a restaurant setting. The only variable that I... That I... That is making me slightly nervous is just making sure that, because we don't do sit-down, is that the whole actual table service runs fluidly. You've got to run this operation, I mean, you've run it in muddy fields. But it's going to be very different, it's going to be like theater. It's got to be choreographed and everybody's got to know what they've got to do. -Yeah. -If you do that, -you are gonna win. -[Liz] Yes. [Fred] But of course, service is only half the battle. I want to know if Liz and Alec have changed their menu since meeting the investors. [Alec] The feedback we got was about obviously, the burgers, um, they were saying our grind was quite coarse. So we decided to double grind and it still wasn't quite there, so we did try a triple grind against the advice of our butcher and found that we really liked it. But what about the recipe? Is the recipe the same? We've kept the recipe the same, yeah. We toast off some cumin seeds, um, we put dried chili flakes. And a bit of coriander. I mean, obviously, with the meat and with the burger the worst thing you can do is get salt through the mix because it just pulls all the fat out and all the juice out of the burger before you cook it. This is our Baba G secret spice mix. [Fred] What's the spice here? Yeah, well, that would be telling. -Come on. -[laughs] I'm not gonna tell anyone. [laughing] And then straight onto the grill just like that. The UK burger market is worth a staggering 3.3 billion and Baba G want a piece of it. They think they can bring something new and fresh to this already crowded space. In fact, their whole menu is packed with Indian twists on familiar fast food dishes. Tonight, they've got tikka chicken nuggets and fries for £9. Poppadoms have been fused with nachos to create "Pachos," for £6. And for vegans, they've created a Baba Bowl curry for £12. Let me show you something. Baba G's normally sell their burger for £8 when they are on the stall. Here they are selling them for £12.50, but they've added the fries within the price. This could be very clever. The customer is paying for fries whether they want them or not, and fries are an item with great profit margin. But will the investors agree? Two weeks after the investors first had a taste of Baba G's, they're in Manchester for more. Over the next two days, they'll put Liz and Alec's business plan, service and food to the test. Tomorrow evening, if they like what they see, there might even be a fight to invest. First to arrive is Jamie Barbour, who's backed a string of successful brands. He's after concepts that can make money now times are tough on the high street. So in the old days the sales were here, your costs were here and your profit was everything in the middle. Now what's happening is that there's been a big pressure on the top line through over-competition, through Deliveroo, through Uber Eats, through millennials choosing other things to do, so the top line has gone like this, and at the same time minimum wage has gone up, rates have been revalued, rent reviews have taken place, the exchange rate means that everything's more expensive to purchase. So the costs have gone like that and then suddenly that bit in the middle is not a profit anymore, it's a loss. So whenever I'm looking at a new idea at the moment, I'm looking at how can that idea navigate through those pressures. [Fred] Michelin-starred chef and investor Atul Kochhar believes there's a strong market for fusion food. The new generation, their definition of authentic is very, very different. They want to have more flavors, they want to have more textures. You have to come up with a great combination. Baba G's is a quirky project. He has inspired himself on India, but it's new India. Whether people in the UK will think it's authentic Indian or not, I don't think any one of us gives a toss about it, to be honest, because we like our flavors. British-Indian food Mark II, it's here. Baba G is that. [Fred] Charlie McVeigh has established five different food and drink businesses. His last pub chain sold for £16 million. I think there's very limited sectors in the market that don't enjoy eating burgers and don't enjoy eating Indian food. You would expect student towns to do well, you would expect millennials to want to eat it, but also mums and dads with their kids. To get a business like Baba G's from its street-food origins into bricks and mortar could cost anything from £200,000 to £500,000. If the business plan is right, I will find that money. Okay, guys, we're gonna come and have a quick briefing, just gonna get everything in order before we start. [Fred] Experienced local waiting staff are joining Baba G's team. Tonight will be their soft launch, where real customers will pay half price. We are really used to like fast, quick service, but not as a sit-down. So this is where you're integral to our night running well. The idea is that we're still trying to be a fast food outlet so that everyone does have to sit at their seat, look through the menu and then go up to the bar and make your order at the bar. And their booking is for half an hour. [Fred] I admire Baba G's as much as I worry for them. They've got 171 customers booked, 30 minutes planned per person at the table. How are they going to pull this off? I think this is the bit where we just, we wait for it all to happen. All the elements are there and it's all been put on and it's all gonna happen. -[Alec] Okay, are we all ready? -Yes. [Fred] Alec studied architecture at university but gave it up to follow his passion for food. I absolutely love what I do, but we've learned our trade the hard way, you know. We've done setting up in the snow, rain, the hail. We wanna create a more secure future. It's now or never, I'd say. [Fred] Tonight a new restaurant is opening in Manchester. Baba G. The investors are coming in and will be watching their every move. You ready? Everything ready? You ready? Everyone know what they're doing? Oh, this is the most nervous wait of my life. Good evening, welcome to Baba G's. Well, great. Come with me. I'm nervous. We've got our first customers! Idea is that you take a moment to make your order choice. Make your way up to the front to where the till is and place your order. So can we start with the Crazy Lamb Jalfrezi? Nice. Very nice. We've got a Crazy Lamb Jalfrezi... We'll have some Pachos. [waitress] Your paneer saag naan. I really like the fried chicken nuggets and then I have the same on this, it's like chicken tikka. How's it going? -It's beautiful. -Do you like it? [woman] That's amazing. Yeah, especially an Indian burger, it's really nice. It's clean and fresh. Really tasty. [Fred] Baba G's is off to a flyer, but as more and more orders come in... Have we got another table of two that have come in? I think table three in about five minutes. [Fred] ...the kitchen has hit its first glitch. Is this my chicken tikka naanwich? Yeah, uh... No. We're missing an order. We're missing an order. We've actually got a couple of missing orders here that have been put through as takeaway, but with actually no table numbers attached to them. You already had some food or... No, just waiting now. Think it's on the bench ready to come out. Let me just check. You're table nine. Give me one second. What's happening with all of this? Look, people are giving us orders without table numbers. Table nine, please, how long? [Alec] We've got a lot of orders without table numbers on. Order 27 no table number, order 21 no table number, order 29 no table number! Table nine has ordered half an hour ago, that's why I'm asking. Would you mind to check table nine there, what did they order and where is the order because it's not here, and they arrived half an hour ago. -Give me a second, yeah. -Yeah. Right. -What table are you, madam? -Number eleven. Nice. One mango spice slaw and one chicken tikka nuggets sides please. [Fred] Staff are now making sure every order is given a table number, but the delay to service has highlighted a much bigger problem. There's a little bit of a wait on the table. If I can get you to take a seat. We thought that it was going to be more like the street food, where people are in and out within 30 minutes. Once you put a plate in front of them, that is not the case. People are relaxing, especially in an evening, they're taking an hour to turn the table. It's been about 45 minutes we've been waiting. -Since you arrived? -Since I arrived. Ordered two drinks. Haven't received one, still haven't been seated. [Fred] Customers are growing impatient. But Liz has been smart. She's kept one table free. 7:30. The investors are here to find out if Baba G's is worth their money. When groups of people come out, we look out for something which we call the handbrake. There's usually one person who doesn't like the core offer, doesn't like burgers, and unless you can cater for that person, they will cause the handbrake, they will stop that whole group from going out. So I want to make sure that they can cater for people that don't want their core burger offer. -Hello! -Hello. Hello, there. Are you okay? [Liz] Been waiting for you three gentlemen. I do see that Charlie and Jamie would come and compete with me on this one. No doubt about it. But if I like the idea enough, I will fight very hard for it. -Hampers all ready waiting for you. -Where do you want us? I've come here to find an investment. If I'm interested, I'm sure there will be other investors that will be interested. So this is an experience and a half. -Yeah! -I have to say. I'm a fan of Jamie Barber and of Atul Kochhar, but if you don't wanna beat the other guy, why are you doing it? So your table number is number ten. So you just need to let them know. Is that how you do it? You can order at the till? And turning to the side you see a queue over there. Can I leave you gentlemen to order and I will go and deal with them? -Best of luck. -Thank you. [Charlie] I'm quite impressed with the menu. I think it looks good. It's interesting, but it's not so wacky that you're frightened or threatened by it. You kind of instinctively know what everything is. [Atul] Let's do it, guys. There we go. Another portion of nuggets. One sec. The next order is the investors, yeah. It's gonna come now. I mean, I always find this quite irritating, this part of the journey. [Atul] To order? But I know that people are accustomed to it. -Hi. Table ten. -Hi, guys. I am ready. Thank you so much, table number ten. Okay. Okay, so investor order. One Crazy Lamb Jalfrezi, one chikka tikken burger, one Naga deli burger. And some milkshakes, please. I'll have the vanilla cardamom one and the baba chocolate chai as well. The club naanwich, the tikka fried naanwich, the paneer saag naanwich, the Baba Bowl, the Pachos and the mango spice slaw. [chef] We make one of everything. One of everything, yeah. Do you mind paying? We've gotta pay, yeah. I don't have any... [chuckles] -Atul. -I'll pay, I'll pay. [Fred] While the investors wait for their order, Liz has been working on ways to clear the queues. In street food people kind of eat together, so I've kind of gone through and just asked people, so people are starting to share tables when they become available. What's happening is you're coming for a romantic date here. And then you end up as a foursome now. So why are you sharing a table? They asked us whether or not we'd like to wait for a table for two, or if we wouldn't mind a share, so... Oh, well, that's quite a good solution. At least you're gonna get to eat. Yes, finally. I mean, let's be honest here. It's really chaotic, but Liz and Alec are being creative. They're finding solutions, and people are still happy. They love the food. So what's not to love about Baba G's? [Alec] Okay, everything perfect, mate. Investor burgers, yeah. [Charlie] What we haven't discussed is the drinks list, which is a revelation, and it's something that we asked for a couple of weeks ago and it shows that they're very responsive. -[Atul] They are responsive. -I think it's good. I think it's good. Chicken burger. We're gonna kind of share everything in a very, very intimate way. So is it all right to just put them in the middle? I don't watch anybody eat my food, so I'm certainly not going to watch the investors eat my food. [Charlie] The best-looking burger is the vegetarian burger. -[Atul] Quality is there. -You're in business at the moment. Oh, look, here comes the Baba Bowl. As a vegan, again, you're getting the best looking dish in the house. It's really, really cool. Now that looks good. Beautifully cooked. -This is terrific. -Really good. So, last time I spoke to them I found the... The grind quite coarse. And it certainly seems finer. I think it needs more salt. It needs more seasoning. -How are you guys? -Hello. So... So, listen, we were just saying that on the whole I think they pulled off a very impressive show. -Definitely. -It's very busy. [Jamie] It's great fun. The service is as chaotic as it gets. People have been sharing tables with people they didn't know. I tell you something, I mean, they are really ambitious. The food, it was great, -but not everything is perfect. -Sure. So there are lots of things which needs tweaking. I think little tweaks here and there, and you've got a concept here. I'm really not worried about the service, I think they've done an amazing job. I've got issues with the price point. I think £12.50 for a burger and fries in a lot of parts of the UK is gonna be too much. However, I thought it was going to be a complete car crash. -[Jamie] I agree. -Tonight. And it's far from it. Yes, there have been some tables waiting and so on, but I've also seen lots of people enjoying the food. I'm excited about it. I've never felt a really deep connection to the brand. I like the food, I don't love it. So, for me, it's gonna come down to, do the numbers stack up? [Charlie] Alec, how you doing? You're not even sweating. [laughing] In terms of food, the presentation, the way they have conceptualized the dishes, they're all very good. There are small tweaks to be had, no doubt about it, but otherwise, very impressive experience. You guys have put out very high-quality food... -Oh, thank you. -...in a crazy setting. [Jamie] I think dinner was very tasty. Yes, I was impressed with the food. Yes, I was impressed by the execution, but I've still got to be impressed by their financial acumen. [Alec] Anybody else want a drink? I need one. -Well done. -Cheers. Well done. Wow, that was a tough night, but you've got to give it to Liz and Alec. They gave it all they had. And they impressed me, and I think that they've impressed the investors. They're still in the running for that investment tomorrow. [Fred] It's the final day, but things aren't about to get any easier. In a few hours, the investors will be back for another full service. They will want to know how Baba G's performs as a lunchtime option. But first, Liz and Alec face business meetings to interrogate their financial strategy. As the investors are in competition with each other, they'll each have an hour alone with the couple. [Jamie] I've seen a very small snapshot of what these guys can put across. I'm excited about what I've seen, but there's a large number of unanswered questions. I like the concept, I like the people, I like their integrity. But each and every business is run by the numbers. If I was to invest money, can I trust them? [Charlie] It's vitally important they know how to make money. If they can't deliver profit, not only will they not be able to grow the business, they're gonna go bankrupt. [Fred] Liz and Alec came looking for £300,000 to open two sites. But if their figures don't impress, the investors could walk away. Let me make a couple of comments about the business plan, which I suspect you're going to have to rip up and start again. Last night you took £3,000-ish? Does that sound about right? And you were absolutely packed. What your business plan is presenting means that you have to do what you did last night, and more, lunch and dinner every day, seven days a week. So, that ain't gonna work. What I'm concerned about is 300K will let you open two more sites and those places would pump, you are saying 3.7 million. You know, it's projections and... [Atul] I totally understand. But these are the numbers I'm looking at. [Alec] Yeah, yeah, yeah. These are the numbers you have given me to look at. I've got to say whether I want to invest with you or not. Totally understand, yes. Alec and Liz are doing all they can to give a good impression in there. They believe in the concept, but will the investors feel the same? [Charlie] So the fundamental issue I've got is what this thing's gonna be. What is the model? What's the customer journey? I'm gonna put the bar here, let's get a sign here so that when they walk in... Put it in the business plan and say this is what we're gonna do. -Okay. -Right. And then, I look at that and I go, "Oh! -They know what they're doing!" -[Alec] Yeah. I don't know if you know what you're doing. The quality of the food is important, but it's actually only quite a small part of the overall package. What I want to see is what the customer experience is and how that translates into the numbers, and I haven't had that yet. We've got a very clear vision, but it's just about having the time to actually sit down and do it, while running all other parts of your business. The issue I have with that, it's not a good excuse because there's nothing more important than getting this right. Yeah. I think you've got many of the right ingredients, but until I really have a sense and an idea of what are the fails, what are the profits from that business, how's it all gonna work? I don't think I can invest. Okay. I can help with the numbers. But ultimately, I've got no idea whether they actually understand their business model or not. If I got a feeling that they really got what could happen in one restaurant, how that restaurant's gonna be, how much money it's gonna make, and it was believable, I'd be in. But they've given me no such impression. [Liz] That was stressful. We were talked at a lot more than us being able to contribute. [Alec] Yeah. [Liz] Alec and I feel very sure of our vision of Baba G's. We know what we want our customers to feel, but we just haven't articulated it. [Fred] Charlie might be gone, but the remaining investors can choose to spell out the offer they would make if, and only if, they decide to invest tonight. Jamie believes that Liz and Alec have overestimated their potential sales, so he's got a plan to minimize the risk. The casual dining market is distressed at the moment, and there are lots of opportunities to pick up somebody else's failed fully fitted-out restaurant for very little money. Because even 1,000 square-foot restaurant you're gonna end up spending several hundred thousand pounds on fitting that out as a restaurant. So, if I was minded to make an offer, I think it would be in the region of £150,000 to £200,000 to establish a first unit. But I wanna see today whether the guests respond to your food as a kind of lunchtime visit as well as just an evening experience. -[Alec] Yeah, thank you. -Yeah. The business plan that they had presented was fiction. However, their fundamental proposition is clever, and I think I've got a good sense as to what their margins should be or could be. So I think if you put the normal restaurant metrics behind it, you can make a successful business from this proposition. [Atul] Going forward, if I was to invest in this, I would invest 300,000. That'll get you started with two sites at least, as you have mentioned. But I would love to come back for lunch today and see how food comes out. The consistency has to be there. -That's what I want to see. -Yes. How you doing? [Vanina] Very well, how are you? So we've got two investors coming, one's dropped out. Did they say why they're out and any improvements? Uh, there's nothing we can do now. [Alec] Okay, guys. It's 2:00! Service starting! [Fred] Liz and Alec are about to open for lunch. [Liz] Hello, there, how are you doing? -Can I take your name? -Emily. [Liz] To come through this experience, the more you go through it the more you want it. The more you realize being in an area like this, seeing all the big brands and seeing this outcome could mean that we are up there among them in the years to come. Yeah. This is the difference between us getting investment and not getting investment. [Fred] Today, the public will pay full price. [Liz] Hi, guys. Welcome to Baba G. [Fred] And the investors will be want to know what they make of Baba G's. The Crazy Lamb Jalfrezi burger? It seems a lot calmer. I think people know what they're doing. One Lamb Jalfrezi, one club naanwich. I don't know what's in this but it's gorgeous. It's spicy, beautiful, juicy, nice. [Fred] Atul and Jamie both need good answers to big questions if they are to invest tonight. No restaurant at the moment can afford to survive on Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights. Those days are over. These restaurants need to sweat every hour that they are open. I wanna to see how other customers take to this concept at lunch. -[Liz] Ah, hello, again! -Fancy seeing you here. -Are you okay? All right. -How you doing? So as an investment I always look for one word, and that is the consistency. The first plate of food should look exactly the same as the last plate of the food that comes out the kitchen. That's the critical key to grow the brand to ten or 12 restaurants. Hello, Liz, how are you? [Liz] I'm all right. What's a nice light dish for lunch? Light. I would go for... Go for the Baba Bowl. The Baba Bowl. Okay. Looking at a four-minute turnout for the order, so it's going quite well. I've been recommended the Baba Bowl but I'm not gonna go for that. I'm gonna go for the chicken naanwich. Next order. Another naanwich. [Fred] They've placed their orders. Now Atul and Jamie are conducting important firsthand customer research. -[Atul] How is the lunch? -Best burger I've ever had. -Oh, really? Wow. -Easy. The bhaji on the top, the texture... -Yeah. -Very good. -You quite like that? -Yeah. [Jamie] Did it feel an easy choice for lunch? Lunch, yeah, it was perfect. Obviously, I've had burgers before, but this is really unusual. It is. That sort of Korean chili kick is great. I'm a vegetarian, and there's definitely loads that I would pick here again and again, so I think it's a really good idea. And would you come back for lunch here? I would absolutely come back. The food was delicious, the portions were great, but quite heavy for a lunch. Thank you. [Fred] Jamie's had mostly good reviews for Baba G's as a lunch option. And Atul is about to put Baba G's consistency to the test. [Atul] Fabulous. How are you, Atul? Are you enjoying your meal? Food is actually as good as yesterday. The quality is the same. There are some basic tweaks needed. I still have to think through whether I'm going to put my hand in the pocket or not. Well, look, I'm going to give you a deadline. You have until seven o'clock tonight to come back and make them an offer. -Good luck. See you later. -Thank you. See you later, Fred. [Fred] He's talked to customers. Now Jamie's testing Baba G's as a lunch option himself. It's a chicken tikka naanwich. It's all kind of falling apart, chips are quite cold. It's not as well-executed as yesterday. [Liz] Can I join you? -Liz. -How are you feeling second time round? Well, to be totally honest, the experience today wasn't as good as yesterday. Right. I ordered a naanwich and the naan was quite cold and dry and crumbly. And it was sort of falling apart. The chips were quite cold and a bit congealed like they'd been sitting out on the pass for a while. -So, it was-- -That doesn't sound good. I would have expected that the poorer execution would have happened when you were slammed with 170 covers. So I'm not quite sure why it wasn't perfect. Spoke to Jamie. It seems that his food wasn't really on point today. His naan bread was crumbly and dry, his chicken was cold, his fries were cold. -Jamie. How's your lunch? -Fred. Um, my lunch is okay. Oh, but loved it yesterday? [Liz] It feels like he's backing out. It feels like he's backing out? Is that what he said? This service hasn't propelled us further and in fact... -It's set us back. -It's set us back. And that's a really disappointing feeling right at this minute. Are you still considering in investing? I'm still considering, uh, investing, but I have a feeling this whole project is going to take more time and effort than I had originally anticipated. One of the investors said he had a really bad meal. I don't know what happened but whatever, not great. They've done all the hard work here, now the pressure is on you. You've got to decide whether you're going to make an offer later on tonight. -Yes. -You've gotta think. I'm gonna think. I leave you to it, Jamie. Good luck. See you later. I'm in the same situation that I was this morning which is, these guys are great. I think the concept is really good, I think it needs a lot of refinement, the menu needs broadening for lunch, all can be resolved. But fundamentally, I'm not used to being asked to make any kind of investment without a business plan and a very, very clear proposition of what they're going to do with the money and when we're going to get it back. I've got nothing to trust except for my gut instinct. [Liz] I feel fallen. -Deflated? -Deflated after so much hard work. Thank you again, guys. -Thank you for coming. -It was good fun. So, hopefully, I will see you soon. -Thanks a lot. -Thanks, Jamie. Bye, thank you. Feeling like all of it's... We've kind of almost had it and now we've lost it. Alec, thank you buddy. Good luck. Thank you. -Liz, thanks a lot. -Thank you. See you again. Thanks for the meal. Thank you. [Alec] I don't know if either of them are coming back. I don't know if any of them are coming back. Who knows? I'm not saying no to it. However, I'm mindful that I'm a little limited in my information, so I have to go a lot with my gut feeling whether I feel right to go and take this punt or not. Thank you all so much. Thank you for coming all the way from London and thank you guys for joining us. [all clapping] I think that we've lost Jamie -and that-- -The balance is on... -It's whether Atul-- -The jury's out with Atul. -So we'll see. -We'll see. [Fred] Lunch is over. Now all Liz and Alec can do is wait. They came here looking for £300,000. The pressure is on the investors now. They have to make a decision. They've got until seven o'clock to come back and make you an offer. If more than one investor returns, Liz and Alec will have to choose between offers. But if no one comes in, they'll be back to their market stalls. How do you feel? Kind of goes ups and downs from really nervous to... it will be what it will be. [sighs] What's going through your mind? You know, either way, it's been a great experience, you know. Either way Baba G's will continue. Oh. Hello. -Fancy seeing you here. -[all laughing] -[Liz] Oh, my God. -How you doing? -Jamie. -Hello! -Hello, there. -How are you? Hi, how are you? -You okay? Exhausting day? -Yeah. -Couple of days? -[Alec] Exhausted! [Jamie] Well, lovely to see you. Lovely to see you. Before you carry on the conversation, can I just say, Jamie, I'm so sorry but you know we've got a deadline of seven o'clock. We wanna give a chance to Atul to turn up on time. -I'm still nervous. -Still nervous. -Oh! -[Atul] Hello! -[Alec] Wow. -Hello, guys. -How are you? -[Alec] Hi! [Atul] Oh, somebody's not happy to see me. [all laughing] -How are you? -Very well, thank you. -How are you, Liz? -Yes. -Good to see you, sir. -And you, too. -Here we go. -[Fred] Please can you take a seat? Jamie came in first, so I think it's fair that we hear from you first, Jamie. What is your offer and what is your vision for Baba G's? If we manage to identify the right restaurant for you, a fully fitted-out restaurant, and we both agree that it's the right opportunity, and we believe in the business plan, then my offer is an investment of £200,000 to take that forward. -Thank you. -Thank you so much. Atul, your turn now. [Atul] Right, guys. Your product is good. You both are good. I do believe that this concept has got legs. Maybe we can make this concept go really big. Based on that, I would like to offer you an investment of... £300,000. If 300,000 can fund two restaurants, I would love that. Wow. Thank you both very much for your offer. You need to take a moment together and discuss which of the offer you think is the best and the most suited to you. -[Liz] Okay. -[Alec] Thank you. [Alec] The kudos from Atul... [Liz] And his understanding of the food and, imagine, Atul Kochhar helping develop our Baba G's range. -I am torn because -But... it just keeps weighing in my head about the fact that Jamie has so much knowledge literally in our industry. Right, the tables are turned now. What's your decision? We've really thought hard about this. Um, we're gonna... We're gonna go with Atul. Whoo-hoo! Congratulations. Well done. Wise choice. Thank you. Did Baba G's choose the right man? I think yes, absolutely. The moment I saw this product in London, I thought, "It's me." They are a great team, and they need some direction, they need some tweaking. In a lot of ways I see my story within them. I can't wait to get cracking. [all] To Baba G's. Good on them. I think they're an Indian concept and they have the opportunity to work with one of the greatest Indian chefs in the country, so hats off to them. They're gonna do well, whatever happens. I'm pleased it worked out. Cheers! [Alec] It's nice how the tables have turned. I've never really had to reject an investor before, that was a bit weird. I hate rejecting people. That's how I got in there. [both laughing] I'd really like to thank you for playing a part in the experience. Because we got it! [all yelling] [Alec] This is the start of a whole new chapter in Baba G's. Relationships go through up and down and as the business goes down, generally the relationship goes down and as the business goes up, your relationship goes up. And right now we're really on an up. I might even get some nooky tonight, you never know. [laughing] Wow, 300 grand! Whoa, that was a roller-coaster. I mean, clearly, there's something so special about Baba G's. And now that Alec and Liz have their investment, it's their time, and I wish them the best of luck. I'm having a bit of a nightmare right now. Starting to shake. [man 1] I'm really hoping they say nice things, 'cause I've got quite a fragile ego. What is this, please? [man 2] This is the Halen Leek, and it's served with edible dirt. Is he crazy, is he a genius? I have absolutely no idea. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 