Million Pound Menu: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Million Pound Menu 
 s1e6 - Naked Dough and Black Bear - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Million Pound Menu (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Naked Dough and Black Bear - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm Fred Sirieix. I've worked in the restaurant industry for 25 years. Right now, the UK's restaurant scene is the envy of the world. And all it takes is one great idea to make a fortune on the high street. But has the next generation of restaurants 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 got what it takes to become a multi-million pound business? Over the next six weeks, here in Manchester, the food capital of the North, 12 of the most exciting new restaurant ideas are in with a chance of a life-changing investment from some of the UK's most respected investors. These are the men and women who can turn an idea 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 into a national brand. We're looking at putting a lot of money into the absolute best concept. This is the kind of model that you dream of. If I find the right operator, I'll be fighting for it. [Fred] Each week, the investors will give the people behind two great new food ideas a unique opportunity. Ah, this is brilliant. -[Fred] Their own pop-up restaurant. -[bell dings] Right. Rock and roll, man. [Fred] They have just three days to prove... Nobody seems to know the table numbers. -[Fred] They've got what it takes... -It's a disaster. [Fred] To make it on the high street. When you start to rush, that's when you start to make more mistakes. -There's a big backlog of customers... -Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What are you going to do about it? If I was to invest, it would take half a million to £750,000. Time to make some dough. [Fred] After the 3 days, will the investors walk back into the restaurant... [sighs] [Fred] And make them an offer? It's a £600,000 lunch. We are not gonna leave without an investment. I'm sorry. Your time is up. The doors are open for business. Welcome to Million Pound Menu. You know what they say about first impressions? Well, it's all true. Speak to a restaurant investor, and they'll tell you the first bite of their food is everything. Over 1,300 restaurants opened last year in the UK. Today, two more will be opened for business, hoping they've got what it takes to make a fortune in the restaurant business. Always, always, wanted to own my own restaurant. On our social media accounts, all our reviews are five stars. [narrator] The men and women behind some of the UK's most successful high-street businesses met to choose the most exciting new restaurant ideas for a three-day trial run pop-up. [woman] Raastawala is fun. It's that bubbliness that we're trying to bring through in our presentation, in our food. It's the profit per site going to be big enough for people like ourselves to invest? [narrator] They were looking for the two entrepreneurs with the strongest food, brand, and business plan. This is our signature dish, braised beef ragu I think there are other players in the market already who are doing it in a more authentic way. [narrator] Then, each investor had to decide whether they liked either idea enough to try it in Manchester. We are Naked Dough. Let's get naked! [narrator] The first idea to whet their appetite, two best friends who think Britain's ready for the latest American sweet craze, raw cookie dough. [Jen] We are all about bringing fun, indulgent treats to the UK market. In the first three months, we had a turnover of £150,000. [Hannah] That's a lot of dough. [Jen] It's a lot of dough. [narrator] Hannah and Jen are after £250,000 to take Naked Dough nation-wide and beyond. We're looking for a sweet-toothed investor to help us grow and become a global brand. Uh, I think this is fantastic. I actually started my career working in Millie's Cookies. [laughter] My name's Chris Miller. I run a company called White Rabbit, which is a hospitality investment fund. The ability to scale this is huge. Obviously, like, the retail side of it, the kiosks, the standalone sites. At the moment, it's just cookie dough, but, actually, they could use it as a base for ice creams. They could do actual baked cookies. It's actually finding a way to... How can you expand the initial brand that they've created. [Jamie] Potentially this is genius. This is the kind of model that you dream of. I'm Jamie Barber, and I've been in the restaurant business now for 20 years. Traditional restaurants are very expensive. You look at something like Naked Dough... I don't think they need a full-scale store. The labor costs should be pretty small. There's no high-level chefs required. I see this as being a concession that can be popped into a River Island or a Topshop or a cinema. [Shruti] I absolutely love this. Their branding is super strong. You can't help but be attracted by it. It's a really original concept. I can't think of a single place it wouldn't work. I can't think of a single person who wouldn't want to eat it. I'm Shruti and I do angel investing, so I invest my own personal money in small businesses. My first ever investment was in a restaurant business. I think the restaurant sector is actually quite difficult at the moment, and I think that's one of the reasons why Naked Dough really appeals to me. I absolutely love the branding. I can imagine it would very much appeal to my two-year- old, five-year-old and seven-year-old. I'm absolutely all over this like a bad rash. [all laughing] Hey guys, Liz and Stew here from Black Bear Burger. [narrator] Next, a married couple who want a piece of the UK's three billion pound burger market. [Liz] Our concept with Black Bear is simple done well. We don't use any gimmicks in our burger, we just use the best ingredients to create a great burger. [Stew] Since we started trading a Broadway market, our reputation is now one of the best burgers in London. [narrator] Liz and Stew are after £200,000 to open their first proper restaurant. -Looks good. -Do we need another burger operator? It doesn't really matter whether the market is saturated or not. If you're entering it and you've got a better offer, a better price, you'll kill the opposition. Absolutely kill the opposition. I mean, I'm always keen to check out any rising talent and just reaffirm our position, really. You think I'll be sick of burgers by now, but I'm not. I'm Scott Collins, co-founder and managing director of MEATliquor. The whole burger phenomenon, people want a bit more... bang for their buck and a bit more of experience nowadays, so... that's why I think we prospered. It's not just about the burger. It is a fairly crowded market, so it does have to have an X factor. So, from our perspective, we'd quite like to see a burger operator in our, er... in our property. And we think it would fit very well. I'm Tim Gee from Allied London. Property development business. It looks unhealthy, it's going to taste delicious. I think burgers are a great product, always will be. If you've got the right product, the right brand, the right location, they'll sell very, very well. [narrator] The ideas have been chosen. Black Bear Burger have two investors interested, but three might end up competing over Naked Dough. [Fred] Naked Dough and Black Bear Burger will open their doors for the first time today. In 24 hours, some of the country's biggest restaurant investors will arrive and look at their business in every detail. Will they walk away with an investment, or empty-handed? [narrator] For the next three days, both ideas will take over existing restaurant sites just 100 yards apart. Today, Liz and Stew, and Jen and Hannah will see their restaurants for the first time. [Stew] Oh, no way! Look! [narrator] For the past few weeks, they've been working with a designer... Let's have a little look. [narrator] To bring their brands to life. [Liz] Oh, wow! Amazing! [Stew] Oh, my God! [Liz] It's amazing! [Stew] It's wicked. It's perfect. [Stew] Just our vibe, actually. [Liz] Yeah, totally. That's awesome. Right, need to see this kitchen. [narrator] Newlyweds Liz and Stew got together at university. The girls in our flat had a competition as to who could with him first. Cheers, mate. I wooed her over with, um, with my love of my cow. I live on a beef farm down at Devon. I've got this favorite cow called Cow 74. When I saw Cow 74, Stew's favorite cow, I think that was when I fell in love. -[laughs] -It's how to charm a lady. [narrator] After working in Canada for two years, they took the plunge and set up Black Bear Burger 18 months ago. This is the Black Bear Burger, no gimmick, just done well. -[laughing] What was it? -Just a great burger. Whilst we were there, we sort of had, like, a bit of an epiphany, really, we were like actually, when we get home, we should do something that we really, really wanna do. And that's when we set up Black Bear. [narrator] Their burgers have sold so well, their food stall has gone full-time. [Liz] Our focus is simple, done well. That's always at the center of Black Bear. Let's get crackin'. [narrator] Opposite Black Bear Burger, best friends Jen and Hannah are also about to see their restaurant for the first time. -So exciting! -So exciting. We got a logo! -Ooh, oh, my God! -Oh, my God! [Jen] Good times in the Naked Dough restaurant. [narrator] 33-year-old Jen trained as a pastry chef. -I love all the artwork on the wall. -Yeah. [narrator] And 25-year-old Hannah gave up her job in marketing to launch Naked Dough five months ago. Hannah and I have talked about various business ideas. She's mainly come up with some crazy, fun-angled idea. Honestly, I came up with the weirdest ideas. I was like, "This is it, this is it, this is going to make us millions." But when I saw that cookie dough was a new craze in America, and people were queuing for three hours at a time just to eat some chocolate-chip cookie dough, I was like, "Ah! Brilliant! Let's do that in London." [narrator] Last year, they opened a pop-up store in London's fashionable Old Street. It was an instant success, turning over almost £50,000 in its first month. We suddenly realized there was going to be huge demand, and I called up Jen on a Friday saying, "I think I'm gonna have to quit my job." [Jen] We didn't know if people would like it. It turned out they loved it. [narrator] Now, they're after an investment of £250,000. Doing this, there's something completely and utterly new every single day. So happy. Oh, it's all coming together! [narrator] In just 24 hours, the investors will be arriving for lunch. So tonight, both restaurants will open to the Manchester public for their one and only practice run. Naked Dough and Black Bear Burger are getting ready for their soft launch. From my own experience, I know how stressful and difficult this can be. Regardless of that, they must deliver. It's their one and only chance to get it right before the investors arrive. -How are you? -[Liz] Hello. -I like the shirt. -Oh, thank you very much. -[Stew] Canadian. -Canadian. -[Liz] Lumberjack. -Oh, very good. So tell me about Black Bear, then. You're doing well, aren't you? Yeah, yeah, it's going really well. The last year has been a bit of whirlwind, hasn't it? It's kind of gone a lot better than we thought. You know, there is a big elephant in the room here. I mean, how do you think you're going to take over some of the very big brands that are out there? We think that we've upped the burger game. I think our burger is better than what is out there at the moment. Some of the bigger brands, as they've grown, they've actually lost a little bit of sight of their quality. Kind of average. What you're saying is very well-established, well-known brands... You just said they're average? Big statement. -Big statement. -[Liz] Yeah. Yeah. -Gotta back it up now. -You need to try our burger. [laughs] -Okay, well good luck, guys. -Thank you very much. -[Fred] We'll done. -Thank you. The burger market is worth an incredible 3,3 billion pounds per year in the UK. Liz and Stew think there is room for one more brand. But to succeed, you need a superb product, you need great branding and amazing operation. But have they got these crucial ingredients? [narrator] Conditions are tough for UK restaurants right now, especially the premium burger market. But Liz and Stew believe Black Bear's menu stands out from the crowd. So, fairly simple menu, but it's kind of simple done well. [narrator] Their best-selling Black Bear Burger is topped with homemade onion jam, garlic mayonnaise and bacon. It's priced at £7,50. For a pound more, the brisket burger comes with cheese and beef brisket braised in a beer and mustard sauce. On the side, buttermilk chicken nuggets priced at five pounds and triple cooked chips at £3,50. Wee! I'll do the fishy sauce first and then I'll do the onion puree. -If you do the chives, then, after service... -Yeah, okay. [narrator] As well as bringing their own teams... -Hey, guys. -[Jen] Hi! [narrator] Both restaurants are provided with experienced local staff. Familiarize yourself with the flavors. Encouraging people to have the milk with it, because it's very rich. These guys still need stickers. [narrator] In Naked Dough, Jen and Hannah are after a share of the UK's five-billion pound confectionery market. "Cookie Monster, Emoji Poo, Nuttin' Better?" [exclaims] That's funny. They've got a sense of humor. -Hello. How are you? -Hello. -I'm Fred. -Welcome to Naked Dough. -Well, this exciting. -Yeah. What is Naked Dough? -Did you ever make cookies, when you were a kid? -Yes. [Jen] Yes. This is the stuff that you had before it went in the oven. [Fred] And it's raw? [Hannah] It is raw. [Jen] Completely raw. It looks like ice cream. It's safe to eat. It's just like a normal cookie dough, but it doesn't have any raw eggs in it. It looks really naughty. It is very naughty. It's an indulgent treat. You are already successful. You're doing well. -Yeah. -Yeah But, erm, what is your ambition? I mean, why are you here? The dream is to not only have locations in London. We want to bring cookie dough to the UK market as a whole, um, open in major cities and potentially in cinemas -as an alternative sweet-treat. -Yeah. Cookie dough domination across the world. -Well, good luck, girls. -[Hannah] Thank you very much. And don't forget, the investors want to make as much dough as you do. -[chuckles] -Right? -I like that. -Good luck. -Thank you very much. -Thank you, bye. [narrator] Jen and Hannah's product is designed to appeal young consumers, the all-important 16 to 24-year-olds. There's a choice of eight flavors. Alongside best-seller, chocolate-chip, there's peanut butter, salted caramel with honeycomb, and marshmallows with sprinkles. A tub with two scoops is £3,90. -It's not straight. -It's not straight. [narrator] To drink, a small bottle of milk will cost £1,99. [narrator] 5:00 p.m. In an hour, Naked Dough and Black Bear Burger open its restaurants to the Manchester public. Like that, and have burger, side, side. The first night of a restaurant can be very difficult. People are out for a good time and good food. It's not fine dining. This is fun. So just go smash it. The troops must be primed and ready for anything. Tonight, the customers will expect great food and great service, and nothing else will do. Time to open. Time to make some dough. [metal clanking] -[laughs] -Sorry. Honestly, it's the first time I've done a service in a restaurant. Could be potentially quite embarrassing, but I'm just going to give it my best shot. -Okay, so you have a table for two? -I''ll come over to take your drinks order in a minute. [narrator] For tonight's soft launch, both restaurants are offering 50 percent off. And just 45 minutes in, Black Bear Burger is fully booked. Yeah, and that is fries. [narrator] At Naked Dough, they're relying on walk-ins. [Hannah] Well, it's quite quiet, to be honest. but we're hoping that it will pick up. When we opened Old Street, we had a queue literally down the street. [Fred] How are you? [Hannah] Hi! Yeah, good, thank you. -It looks a bit quiet. -Yeah, it has been a bit quiet. It should be packed, because it's half priced, shouldn't it? Yeah, but I don't know what to say. Have you been outside leafleting, speaking to people, getting them in? Manchester masses. Manchester masses, let's do it. -See you later. -[Jen] Thank you. Let's go. [Hannah] We're gonna try some sampling, we've got some fliers. It's a rush hour time, people leaving from work, so it's like the perfect time to go outside and try and get people to come in. [Jen] Let's do it. Push, push, push, push. Hi, would you like to try some cookie dough? -Raw cookie dough? -You like it? -Yeah, it's nice. -Did you like it? -[woman] It's delicious. -And we have a pop-up literally just down there. Hi, guys, do you want to try some cookie dough? We actually have a pop-up right there and it's 50 percent off. Hi, guys, would you like to try some cookie dough? People who try it, love it. Today, we've got, um, a pop-up. It's just a case of educating people, really. Go and check it out, it's a really fun place. [Hannah] Should we get going? [Jen] Yeah. -Brisket, no-- -Brisket, no mayo, two briskets, Black Bear... [Fred] Black Bear Burger have only operated their store before. Running a restaurant is a completely different ball-game. Get crackin' on the next ones then. Tonight's service is a crucial test as to whether they can operate on a much bigger scale. Still getting used to the table numbers. [narrator] Up till now, Liz and Stew have only ever served one customer at a time. Here you go, mate. We were missing the five black burgers, we didn't get the five black burgers. -Oh, really? -Yeah. Oh, God, I'm really sorry about that. Babe, you didn't get five Black Bears on the takeaway order. Could you get those on for me now? -We just can't get stuff out quick enough. -[Liz] Yeah. How's it going? Yeah, it's all right so far. Um... Yeah. A few little, kind of, pickups. A little bit slow -off the bat, but I think we can catch up. -What do you mean slow? -For the cooking? -For the service, yeah. Well, just... Kind of... As they all came in at once, we've done them one at a go, but now we're kinda just speeding up orders a little bit. -I'll get your burger on in a second... -Yeah, I'll have a double. -[Stew] Double? -Yeah. I might as well, no? So, you've got a brisket and a Black Bear with nuggets and fries. Okay? This is very good, and what's even better is the fries are amazing. My burger was absolutely great. It was, like, melt in the mouth. The food's amazing. That's definitely one of the best burgers I've had. There's no doubt in my mind that Black Bear does amazing burgers. The thing is, the offering is very simple. Now, it's enough for a street stall, but is it enough for a restaurant? [narrator] At Naked Dough... Of course, yeah. Thanks so much, and used very well. Great. [narrator] Word spread about their half-price offer. [Fred] So, you got busy just now? -Yeah, it's brilliant. -Yeah, it did. So is the till ringing? The till is ringing away. It's good. This more what we're used to, so it's great. [Fred] How's everything? Do you like it? It's sweet, but yeah, very nice. [Fred] Is it too sweet? -No, no, it's not. -No such thing as too sweet. I had the salted caramel one, and it was perfect. How often would you come back? -Every day. -[Fred] Every day? Wow, you've got a sweet tooth. Both restaurants found last night difficult, but today is going to be even more difficult. The investors are coming in for lunch. Their first bite of their food is everything. Get it right, and they could well fall in love with the business. Get it wrong, and they might just walk away. [narrator] At Black Bear Burger, Liz and Stew have given up their jobs as a burns nurse and an oil trader to pursue their restaurant dream. -Our families weren't that impressed at first, were they? -No. Especially, I think, 'cause he'd done really well at university, got first class, so they, kind of, had really high hopes for him. Then when he was suddenly like, "Actually, I'm going to quit my job and flip burgers," uh, they were a little bit concerned. It is scary. But we're going to give it our best shot, and hopefully get an investment at the end of it. -Morning. -[Liz] Morning. -So, big day today. -Yeah. Two big investors are coming in. Tim Gee from Allied London and Scott Collins. Well, he's Mr. Burger himself. He's the man behind MEATliquor. -Have you heard about MEATliquor? -Yeah. How do you feel about him coming in and telling you what he thinks about your burger? We are nervous, aren't we? -There's nowhere to hide. -There's nowhere to hide. He knows a burger. You think your burger is better than the one of MEATliquor? -What you gotta say now? -[both laughing] -It's very different. -You always think your burger is the best. Yeah, well, listen, good luck today. -Enjoy it, if you can. -We'll try. -[Fred] See you later. -Thanks, Fred. See you. Bye. [narrator] Over the next two days, the investors will test the restaurants' business plans and service. But today's private lunch, is all about the food. -We can do this, two burgers. -I know. [narrator] First to arrive, Scott Collins of burger group MEATliquor. He's looking for a potential diffusion brand. I'm constantly evolving as a business person, I've seen a recent trend in much larger meat brands who are invested in smaller start-up, independent versions in the same marketplace. And Black Bear Burger, they're starting up, they're small, they're in the same industry... It's perfectly feasible that I could run a second burger company alongside MEATliquor. [narrator] His competition is Tim Gee. He works for a major property developer and is after new food brands. [Tim] From an investor's perspective, you do start to question whether the market's over-saturated for burgers. But there's always room for a standout product. I mean, there's a heck of a lot of pizza and pasta in Italy, but you still open successful pizza and pasta restaurants. -[Liz] Hello. -Hi. Tim Hi, nice to meet you, I'm Liz. -Scott. -Nice to meet you. How 's it going? Welcome to Black Bear Burger. -Thank you very much. -Come in. I'll take you to your seats. So, we've got some menus for you. -Thanks. -Very simple. [narrator] The lunch offer today... Just two drinks, two burgers, and two sides. Good, succinct menu. Yeah. I'm going to have a proper pig out and go for -the Double-Out Black Bear, nuggets, and fries, please. -Nice. Good choice. What would you go for? I mean there's only a choice of two... -Well, try the Classic Black Bear. -All right. -See how you get on with the Black Bear first. -Sounds like a plan. [Liz] All right, cool. Thank you, guys. To present a burger well, it's not necessarily very easy at all. And you can tell a lot from about how it's going to taste by looking at it. So I want it to look great. [whispers] Look at that! [Jen] So should we put the milk on the table, then? [narrator] Opposite Black Bear Burger, Hannah and Jen have staked everything to build their cookie-dough empire. Should we give them a little menu each? All our savings are gone now. We've put friendships on hold, we've put relationships on hold. Hannah's quit her job. -Naked Dough is... It's fair to say it's our life. -Yeah, it's our life. [narrator] Jamie Barber, of top London restaurant, Hache, and two successful restaurant chains, is first to arrive. [Jamie] There is nobody that's really taking on that instantaneous, concession-based sweet treats in cinemas and retail environments and shopping centers, so this could be it. If the model stacks up, if the product is fantastic, 300 Naked Doughs, each turning over at £700,000 a year, that's £1,900 million worth of turnover. That is a massive business. [narrator] Next, Shruti Ajitsaria, a private investor with a track record in backing successful restaurants. It's really interesting that I have never come across a cookie-dough provider before. I think it's a new idea, unique idea, but what I do like about it is that it's not a seasonal product, so it's not like ice-cream, where you only need it to be sunny. I think there will always be a space in the market for things that are naughty treats, and that's what this is. [narrator] Finally, Chris Miller, founder of the multi-million pound White Rabbit Investment Fund. The economics for each site could be very exciting. You don't need a very expensive fit-out, you don't need an expensive kitchen which means you don't have huge rents to pay... Because of all of that, it's something you can grow quite quickly. -Hello. -Hi. -Hello. -It's so nice to meet you, Shruti. -Nice to meet you. -Welcome to Naked Dough. -Welcome to Naked Dough. -Have a look at the Cookie Dough. [Jamie] Are you excited? [Hannah] Yeah, very excited. Would you like to have a sort of... A little mini-menu each? -Perfect. -Thank you. What's your best-selling flavor? So, I would say Emoji Poos, that, obviously, nobody likes to say the name of out loud, um, and the Hazel's Nuts. [Chris] Do they need to be kept cold? [Jen] So, it can last up to four hours completely, safely out of the fridge, but then you can then take it home, refrigerate it, you can even put it in the freezer, as well. What would you guys like to try? -I'd like to try the salted caramel one. -[Jen] Yeah, definitely. -May I try the cookies 'n cream? -Hazelnut, please. Can you bake it as well? When we took out the egg, we took out the raising agent. -So it's warm-able, just not bake-able. -Right. And can I have the peanut butter and the toffee apple? You get a very, very sugary hit as soon as you eat the first mouthful. -Well, I mean, it's very tasty, but it's like... Whoa! -[Jen] Yeah. [Shruti] Right. Question on health... -How healthy do you feel? -Yeah. [laughs] Exactly. How ginormous is this going to make me? -You know. What is the calorie... -Calorie content? I don't know the exact calorie content. I think people see it as an indulgent treat. It's about having a sneaky, sweet treat. Wow! That's delicious. Good beef. [Tim] You're eating a beef burger. It's beef. I want it to have flavor. And, yeah, that's getting down to that... Eating, and how many napkins I'm going to end up piling up. That's the sign of a good burger, is when you've got piles of used napkins, cause you've had to keep, yeah, wiping your hands. I see nodding heads, so, hopefully, that's a good thing. That's very, very good. I come across a lot of shit burgers. That's a really, really good burger. You're all in, aren't you? [Scott] It's very easy to judge a burger. You get a piece of every ingredient in the first mouthful. It's got to be balanced, it's got to be special. It can't be average. Do you wanna grab a beer and join us for a chat? [Liz] Yeah, that would be great. -That's a bit more relaxed, isn't it? -Yeah. [all laughing] So how many covers did you do last night? -About 61. -About 60. Yeah, which, honestly, we're used to doing. that in Boxpark. More. But's a very, very different way of serving people. Did you give knives and forks at Boxpark? -No. -Then don't do it here tomorrow. We haven't used them. -Oh, yeah. -It'd be less work for you. That's probably the only nugget of good advice I've got. -May have peaked too early. -[Liz] That's not bad. [laughs] [Tim] It was, it was delicious. Um, the burger lived up to expectations. It was a really, really, really great burger. -Thank you very much. -[Liz] No worries. You can relax now. [Tim] Probably a bit of a concern in terms of the limited menu and the focus. If you lived here, over the course of a year, how many of those burgers could you eat? [both laughing] I wanna see how easy it is to do. Will you be the timer? Sure. [narrator] Time to put Naked Dough to the test. Like any successful fast food business, speed of service is key. -Hello. -Welcome to Naked Dough. Hi, so my friend told me about this. I don't really understand the concept. What is it? -We have raw cookie dough... -Okay. In several different, delicious flavors. -Two flavors in a tub. -I would like a scoop of that, please. -Yes. -And which is the other one that you recommend? Um, this one. -I'll have a sprinkle. -Okay. -Like that? Like that? -Yeah, perfect. Perfect. -Thank you so much. -Perfect. -How long was that, roughly? -Two minutes ten. Two minutes a serve... Means that one person can do thirty portions an hour. So if your average transaction value is, let's call it, three pounds, for the sake of argument, then that means the maximum one person can do is going to be £90 an hour. So, that just gives you an idea in terms of what the maximum turnover that you could do per server, per hour. Talking people through the process, does slow down sales. That said, the first time you talked me through it, it takes some time, but then after that, they actually know what they're coming in for and it starts to be a lot quicker. But what would be really good is if you had pre-made tubs with the little watermelon scoopy-sized, the watermelon baller-sizes, so if somebody wanted to come in just to get a selection of flavors, that's a very quick thing for them to get. I think that this is a problem. Okay. The fact that we've hardly made a dent into any of them, is that not a worry? It's something that we fully acknowledge. I take it that it's not that you didn't enjoy the flavor, it's just too much. Yeah, it's like the first couple of spoonfuls are blissful... -Yeah. -And then, it becomes quite hard going. I thought it was a really, really lovely experience I thought the branding was great. I thought they were brilliant. I thought the first taste was absolutely delicious. Really tasty. It had exactly the consistency of cookie-dough, which I love. It was actually more the second bite that started to make me feel like my mouth was was sticking together, and it was very, very sweet. And I'm not sure whether people would return for that product. -Thank you so much, guys. Bye. -Bye. Thank you. -See you later. -Product, I think, is half there. [Jen] Bye. [Hannah] Bye. [Jamie] And I want to understand whether customers who fit the target demographic really respond to it in a positive way. I think that's really going to dictate, to me, whether or not it's a viable investment. -How lovely are they? -Really nice. At the moment, it feels like it could be a little bit of a, liitle bit of a fad and novelty that I... I would absolutely buy to try it out, 'cause it looks great and tastes great for the first bit, but would I buy it again? Probably not. In reality now, it's given me more questions than answers before this turns into an investable opportunity. [narrator] Tomorrow lunchtime, the investors will return to see how the restaurants cope when they're full of paying customers. But today isn't over. Jen and Hannah and Stew and Liz now face a grueling business meeting. And one investor has already made up their mind. [Fred] So, Scott, what do you think of Black Bear Burger? Their passion, their enthusiasm, it was all there. It was great. They do what we do. We sort our products really well. We put a lot of attention to detail. But I was hoping there'd be some little point of difference that would... Would make it a bit more exciting. Some little Midas touch. But do you think that two burger brands, like yours and theirs, could co-exist side by side? Yeah, the burger market's big. Um, we don't do just burgers. I think they're looking to expand their menu a little bit further down the line, but right now, they just didn't have that... sort of missing X-factor. So are you still having your business meeting with them later on? Having been through this process myself, in the past, with businesses, the last thing I'd want is to waste anybody's time or give them false hope. No, I think fair play. -How are you? -Yes, good. How are you? -Good, thank you very much. -Good. I've got a bit of bad news to announce to you. -Okay. -Scott Collins has decided to pull out. How come? What's... -Um, he loved the burger. He thought it was fantastic. -Thanks. Just, for him, there wasn't enough in it to justify an investment. -Tim Gee is still in the running... -[Liz and Stew] Yeah. And he wants to talk to you later on about your business plan. -[Liz] Okay. -So, um, you're still in the race. We'll give it our best shot. -All our eggs are in one basket now, so, yeah. -Okay. -Good luck, guys. Good luck. -Thank you very much. See ya. What you think about that, then? -I think it was-- -I was a bit surprised. -Yeah. -Yeah, still got one more. -One more chance, see how it goes. -Yeah. [narrator] Both restaurants will now have one hour with each remaining investor to go through their finances and plans for the future. Naked Dough are up first. And as all three investors are in competition with each other, they'll each have an hour alone with Jen and Hannah. A really good restaurant investment might have what's called a return on investment, or return on capital of somewhere between 25 and 35, or even 40 percent. Now, what that means is, if I invest £100,000, I should get that money back over three years. They're saying that they're going to get their money back in three months, not three years, so I think we really need to probe and see whether those numbers do stack up. Hi, again. [Shruti] I love backing other female entrepreneurs, so I'm really pleased to see two women who have done such a lot in a short period of time. I think if I had the confidence they we're going to make that product right, I definitely like them enough to go into business with them. -Hello. -Hi, how you're doing? [Chris] There's definitely a potential for investment still. I need to see their financials and properly understand what's going on there. [narrator] Up 'til now, Naked Dough has only traded at London's Old Street. Jen and Hannah want £250,000 to take it nationwide. I really love cookie dough. Like, I'm the person, that in the Ben & Jerry's ice-cream, eats the cookie dough. But even I could not have finished a pot of that. I mean that is my major concern with it, really. You know, every pot came with a lid. And you know, if you decide to eat it then and there, then great, and if you decide to take it home... I think very few people are going to think, "I'll eat a little bit here and I'll take it home." I just, that doesn't make sense to me. [Jamie] Now is where the nitty-gritty starts. So you've had June, July, August, September and October at the Old Street. -Yeah. -So run me through the turnover in those months. So the first month was, I think, nearly 48,000... 48,000. -So 48,000 in June. -Mmm-hmm. -And then July? -[Jen] Um, 40, nearly 43,000. -And in August? -Was 36,000. [Jamie] Yep. -28,000 in September. -Yeah, yeah. And then it went to 23 in October. That's not a building revenue stream, that's a declining revenue stream. The facts are, in six months, the turnover is half from where it was when it started. Now, that decline is very, very scary, and if those are the only facts you got to look at, you got to take them very seriously. So I'm worried. He did grill us on the numbers. It's a shame that we don't have more than five months worth of data, because I think we were always gonna start with the traction that we had. It was always going to start off on a ridiculous high. We realize that Old Street hasn't been the best location to hit our target market, so we did see that drop. I think you're absolutely right on the location. It's not right for you. I totally understand why you've had this big jump at the start, and then quite a dramatic fall off. The question is where does that end, and will that be repeated for other sites? It's one that I'm genuinely tempted to buy because it's such a lovely business model. They'll open a good few sites. The problem is, with those places, is you'll open with a big bang and soon as your sales drop off, they kick you out very quickly. How difficult is it for somebody else to come in with a cookie-dough brand? Not difficult. It could be replicated. Which is why we need to act quickly. [narrator] During the meeting, the investors can choose to spell out the offer they'll make if, and only if, they decide to invest tomorrow. Right now, I have no idea what an offer will be, because I need to go away and understand the numbers. Will it become like Krispy Kreme donuts or Millie's Cookies? Or will it be just another fad? It's definitely one that would be a roll of the dice. Need to sleep on it and look at some numbers in the morning. -Thank you. -[Chris] Thanks very much. Thank you so much. Very nice to meet you. He seems so well-versed in exactly how this would work. He has... I get the impression that he... He would know exactly how to scale this. So actually, I think, what would be really interesting for me to do tomorrow, is to talk to the customers. That's the piece that's going to be really interesting for me tomorrow, is finding out what other people think. I understand how I think, but l just want to see what others think. Obviously, I've got my own perspective on whether or not I would eat an entire two scoops of cookie dough, but it would be interesting to hear what other people say. I think, if they can't shape their product in a way that will make people go back to have it again and again and again, then... Then it's not going to work as business. -Thank you very much. -Nice to see you. [Jen] She had really good constructive criticism for us. She felt very strongly about the product offering not being right. We need to discuss that, whether we'd be willing to... To change it. I'm not necessarily the target demographic, which is why I'd like to see how the demographic that you really are after responds to it. I think that they've got the genesis of a good idea. I think they've got a product which they know, is not perfect. I want to see how the general public respond to it. So tomorrow's the day. Thank you very much and look forward to tomorrow. -Thank you very much. Nice to see you. -And you. I have faith in the people that are coming tomorrow. I think, fingers crossed, they do us proud and they like the product and they give good feedback to the investors. It's not really in our hands. It's in theirs. [narrator] Now, it's Black Bear Burger's turn. With Scott Collins no longer in the running, Liz and Stew's only hope of investment lies with property developer, Tim Gee. [Tim] The sites that we're offering are very prominent, very public, and would be the first choice of any restaurant operator. Hello. How's it going? [Tim] I want to probe them a bit more, what they think the next steps are going to be, and, you know, just get a scale of their ambition and ability before you can ever make a consideration as to whether you want to invest or not. [narrator] For the past month, Liz and Stew have traded as a pop-up in London's Boxpark. Now, they want £200,000 to become a full-time restaurant. [Tim] I wanted to start by talking about the menu, because you've got a couple of sample menus. The one that you presented today, is that what you're currently offering? The menu we're offering today is just the one we've tried at Boxpark. Um, but, the other burgers on the menu we have tested as well, and it's just something that we want to have in our restaurant. We never wanna have a massive menu. We always want to, kind of, keep it fairly simple. [Tim] It's so key to have a good, cohesive menu that's going to not ruin the opportunity of groups to visit. You're not going to have that one person going, 'There's nothing for me." Um, and to do it well. I'd like to move on to, what is this restaurant going to look like in you mind? I think, kind of our vision for, maybe, the first site would be fairly small. Like, 30, 40 seats. -Similar to where you are? -Yeah, similar to there. We won't be looking at opening, straight off the bat, like a... 150-seater restaurant. 'Cause we kinda wanna always keep that small, independent feel, and we think that's the way the, kind of, burger market is going anyway. [narrator] The meeting's almost over. Now, Tim has to decide whether he's ready to discuss a potential offer. Where's the dream? You know, it'd be nice to have maybe one in London or two, and then kind of branch out to other cities, Before Boxpark, we were looking at potential restaurant sites in London, and to get into a site, you have to have upfront of 100k... -Yeah. -Or more. There's still such a barrier to entry for us. The reality is, maybe the first site needs to be located where that's not such a challenge. -[Liz] Yeah. -It can be an enormous amount of money. As of today, they're not ready to step straight into a restaurant, in my opinion. It's crucial to see that they're able to translate their passion and great food into a team and a public environment. -[Tim] Really good... -Yeah. -To meet you. -Yeah, yeah. They've got a lot to prove to me tomorrow. Tomorrow it's really important for us just to demonstrate that we're capable of doing this. Take this concept and roll it to, um, into more sites. The two restaurants are in with a chance of a life-changing investment. But the investors have serious questions about both ideas. Today's final service for the paying public will be what makes up their mind. Right now, everything hangs in the balance. [narrator] And with no offers on the table for either restaurant, it all comes down to today, to convince the investors. -So what would you like to try? -[man] Mud Bath. Mud Bath? Yeah. So we're giving away 50 free pots to the first customers at 1:00 p.m. today. [narrator] At Naked Dough, Jen and Hannah are taking to the streets of Manchester to drum up a full lunchtime service. [Hannah] So this is Salted Caramel and Mud Bath. [Jen] If you guys are free at 1:00 p.m. for a bit of cookie-dough sampling... So you've got Nutella and Kinder Bueno and Salted Caramel with Honeycomb. -How's it going? -It's good. -Yeah? -Yeah. [Jen] People are giving good feedback, and I think we're getting some good buzz for today's lunch service, so, yeah. -They like it when they try it? -They do seem to like it when they try it, so... [Fred] Ah, let's see what these two think. -Do you want to try that? -Would you guys like to try some? It's raw, edible cookie dough. So just like you used to have when you were a kid. This is Oreo. So it's vegan cookies and cream. Their response has been great, um, and people seem to be really keen to pop down. If you guys have time, pop down. So we're really hoping to have a buzz in the shop today. Do you like it? Are you guys going to come buy it at 1:00, 2:30? -Yeah. -Brilliant, thanks a lot. Well done. That's good. Yeah, it's brilliant. [narrator] In 15 minutes, both restaurants open for business for the last time. [Stew] Let's keep talking to each other, make sure we're going at the same pace, yeah? We got it. [Jen] There's a really big queue! [Hannah] Is there? Yay! Welcome to Naked Dough! -Hi, guys! -Oh, so exciting! [man] We're going to have an amazing day today. Nice and busy. Look at the queue. Big smiles. Do you need any help deciding? One Black Bear, one brisket. -Yeah. -And I got some fries, all right? Do you guys know, you get two scoops per pot? So you can, kind of, mix and match whichever ones you like. [Jen] Enjoy! Thank you. [Hannah] Feel free to draw on the tables. [Hannah] Get creative. [Jen] Enjoy! Have a seat. [narrator] Jamie Barber and Shruti Ajitsaria are the first to arrive at Naked Dough. [Jen] Hi, guys, welcome! I'm still here because the idea of it is genius. At the end of the day, I am not the demographic. The demographic that likes this product is female, 18 to 25-year-olds. So I can't be swayed too much by own impression. What I want to see is what that generation thinks about the product. And then I might have a different view. I'm really looking forward to seeing how the user experience goes, so how they make the consumers feel special. And I'm also really interested to speak to the people eating it to understand, for myself, whether they think the portions are too big and whether they would return. -So, um... -There's no Chris. -[Fred] Chris. How are you? -How are you, Fred? -Good, thank you. Very good. -Good. So tell me, what do you think about Naked Dough? Something's been bothering me about the business. So I then had a look at their financials in a bit more detail, and what that shows to me is, people are excited to try it, but they don't come back. -Right. -And if you don't have repeat custom... You very quickly don't have a business. It's a nice, exciting brand but, for me, it's too high-risk. Well, if you don't think it's worth your money, there's nothing you can do. -You gotta go. -Exactly. -All right, well, thank you very much, Chris. -Thanks a lot. -Have a good day. Take care. -Thank you. [Hannah] It seems like Chris hasn't turned up. He asked for our financials last night, which I sent over to him, and, uh, potentially, he didn't see what he, you know, he didn't feel comfortable with it, he maybe thought it was too much of a risk, which is fair enough. There are two investors still in the shop, so there's still a chance we might get the investment. [narrator] At Black Bear Burger, their only hope of investment lies with Tim Gee. [Tim] Today is very, very important. It's very, very different, serving burgers to two investors ,in a quiet environment to flipping the tables on a 30-seat restaurant. Probably for the first time ever, because they have been, historically, a street food operator. Out of the food truck, into a property. Um, that's why we're here. Can you do this? How hungry are you? -I'm quite hungry. So I'm thinking-- -Why don't you get... Black Bear and nuggets? Let's give it a shot, yeah? Okay, I'll get on from here. All right, here you go, guys, a Black Bear and fries. What are you going to go for? Chicken nuggets? -Chicken nuggets. -[Liz] Yeah? Chicken nuggets, brisket... [Tim] There's a good, good mix of people here. I'm interested, there's a family come in and it's a great buzz. [Liz] I'm actually really enjoying it today. I know what I'm doing. The other night, on our soft launch, I was even finding it difficult to, like, smile, talk to people, 'cause I was so anxious and nervous, and I wasn't really being myself. Well, now I'm able to talk to the customers and provide a really good service. -Here you go. All right? -Good man. It does look good. What'd you think? -It is very nice. -It is very good, yeah. Don't think I could eat the whole thing, to be quite honest. They said we could take it home, though. -Because freezer. -I've probably had enough. -No, I've demolished it. -You've demolished it. -I loved it. -So, you're a big fan. Perfect. -Have you had it before anywhere? -[man] No, no. -No, first time. -Really rich, isn't it? How do you feel about the portion? Do you think you're going to be able to finish that? Um, probably not. -At one go, we got two scoops. -One scoop would've been... I do really enjoy it. I don't feel worried with the investors speaking to customers. Um, I want them to be honest. We can't improve as a business without some critical feedback. Do you find it super sweet? It's just perfect for me. I used to, I used to sit at home and eat raw cookie-dough, anyway. -Right. -Can I ask how you're getting on with it? I think, for me, one scoop would be enough. Generally speaking, people like the branding. Generally speaking, people like the product, but, mostly, in small doses. And I think that's going to be the real issue. A very, very small proportion were able to finish an entire tub of cookie dough. [man] It's tasty, but too sweet. -Yeah, too much. -[Shruti] Too much? On a positive note, there was a lot of demand for people to try lots of different flavors. It was definitely a fun product. People wanted to take photos of it. People wanted to share it. People wanted to say that they've been. And I think if they can match the product to that Instagram ability, they might have the kernel of something really, really sexy. -Thank you. -Thank you so much. I think they need to figure out how they're going to sell smaller portions, while still being able to charge enough to make this a viable business. So, I'm gonna go away now, I'm gonna have a coffee, I'm gonna have a really, really good think, I'm going to make a list in my own head, just to the things I love about it, and there are a lot, and things I'm not sure about, and then I'm gonna have a sense of what I'm going to do next. Got the Black Bear with nuggets and fries. Fabulous. The food was as good as it was yesterday. You know, it was great yesterday, I want very consistent. Visually, the taste, perfectly cooked. Exactly the same. And the service, Liz, she's good. The question for us is, can we take this fantastic street-food operation, and turn it into a successful restaurant that is just as good as they are at street-food from day one? That was wicked. All right, let's get out of here. Come on, guys. -[exclaims indistinctly] -[laughs] [narrator] Lunch is over. Now the pressure is on the investors. They have to decide whether the ideas are worth their money. -How are you, girls? -Good, thank you. -Good, Fred. -So... The investors have been given a deadline. -Okay. -They have one hour to come back and make you an offer. -Okay. -If they're back in that hour, it's game on. If they're not, then it's game over. How do you feel about that? It's a long time to wait. [narrator] Jen and Hannah came looking for £250,000. Jamie Barber and Shruti Ajitsaria are both still interested. If they're to make an investment, they have until 6:30 p.m. to return to the restaurant. -This is what it comes down to. -[Hannah] Yes. -Oh, you've done great. -Thank you. You went out there, drummed up the business, got people to learn about your product. -I really enjoyed today. -Yeah, today was good. How long is it? [Fred] We've got another 15 minutes. -Another 15 minutes. -Yeah. We still believe in the product. We're not gonna stop. We still think Naked Dough is going to be a big brand. That's true. -Girls. The time is up. -Time. -Okay. -[Fred] They're not coming. Okay. I'm sorry. I'm gutted for you, but in the same time, you know, maybe it wasn't the right fit. Maybe. [Jamie] I think these guys have been fantastic. I rate them as entrepreneurs. I think they are hungry, I think they will overcome odds and get to where they need to. But I think, they're probably six months too early, because all we've got at the moment is pure data, and the pure data is they've got one store which has got six months of month-on-month declining sales. And they've got an idea, and that idea is not perfected yet, and, unfortunately, in this case, the investment just doesn't stack up. [Shruti] I actually thought the branding looked beautiful and I thought it was a really exciting concept. I really liked them and I really wanted to like the business, actually. As much as I wanted to love the product, unfortunately I didn't, and so, for me, that means I can't invest. [Jen] I feel gutted. We put our heart and soul into everything that we do. At the same time, it's been a really good learning curve. -Yeah. -Um... [Hannah] And we really appreciate all the advice and thoughts and opinions that people have had on our business. I still think we've got a good thing going. Yeah. -C'est la vie, Fred. -C'est la vie. [narrator] At Black Bear Burger, Stew and Liz came looking for £200,000. Tim Gee has until 8:00 p.m. to walk through the door. Only ten minutes. 20 minutes to go. [chuckles nervously] Where's your head at right now? We'll just have to wait and see. How long we got? Six. Six minutes. Guys. The time is up. Time's up? It's kind of been... The whole experience is... It's been a big learning curve, but it's actually... Shown ourselves that we can actually run a restaurant service. We're gonna draw on the experiences that we've had here and, uh, you know, really, kind of, set up a successful restaurant from it. We've done it on our own up 'til this point, so we're going to continue doing that. [Tim] Unfortunately, we won't be pursuing our interest in Black Bear. There's no denying that, currently, their menu is limited. You know, we would need to see more development on that front and just a general confidence that they're able to run a business and not just a street food pop up. There is a sense of regret. I looked at the business plan. I ate the burger. I met the people. It was all, it was all wonderful. Um, but, you know, it's got to be a perfect marriage isn't it? And we're just not there. We don't often give ourselves a lot of praise and a pat on the back, but I think going through this together, has made us a lot stronger, um, and I think it's been a really, really, positive experience for us. [Fred] What do you need to do to secure an investment? Naked Dough and Black Bear Burger worked so hard at this, and yet it wasn't enough. This is a tough business and I wish them every success. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 