Million Pound Menu: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Million Pound Menu 
 s1e3 - Hollings and The Cheese Wheel - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Million Pound Menu (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Hollings and The Cheese Wheel - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm Fred Sirieix. I've worked in the restaurant industry for 25 years. Right now, the UK's restaurant scene is the envy of the world. And all it takes is one great idea to make a fortune on the high street. But has the next generation of restaurants got what it takes 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 to become a multi-million pound business? Over the next six weeks, here in Manchester, the food capital of the north, 12 of the most exciting new restaurant ideas are in with the chance of a life-changing investment from some of the UK's most respected investors. These are the men and women who can turn an idea into a national brand. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We're looking at putting a lot of money into the absolute best concept. This is the kind of model that you dream of. If I find the right operator, I'll be fighting for it. [Fred] Each week, the investors will give the people behind two great food ideas a unique opportunity... Ah, this is brilliant. -[Fred] ...their own pop-up restaurant. -[bell dinging] -Right. Rock 'n' roll, man! -[Fred] They'll have just three days to prove... Nobody seems to know the table numbers... -[Fred] ...they've got what it takes... -It's a disaster. [Fred] ...to make it on the high street. When you start to rush, that's when you start to make more mistakes. -[clangs] -There's a big backlog of customers at the door. -[woman] Yeah, yeah. -What are you gonna do about it? If I was to invest, it'll take half a million to £750,000. Time to make some dough. [Fred] After the three days, will the investors walk back into the restaurant... -[sighs deeply] -[Fred] ...and make them an offer? It's a £600,000 lunch. We are not gonna leave without an investment. I'm sorry. Your time is up. The doors are open for business. Welcome to Million Pound Menu. Today, two new restaurants arrive in Manchester to open their doors to the paying public for the very first time. Will they be able to secure an investment or will they leave empty-handed? And these are our lovely momos. Well worth the wait. [narrator] The men and women behind some of the most successful businesses on the high street... We call it "Hug in a Box" and we create a hug in a box, like comfort food. [narrator] ...met to choose some of the best new restaurant ideas for a three-day, trial run pop-up. This is our signature Libertine Burger, double ground beef patty and friend pickles. There's an explosion of these concepts that are really successful. [narrator] They were looking for the two entrepreneurs with the strongest food, brand and business plan. I think this is a very good plan that he's put together. It ticks a lot of boxes in terms of being on trend. [narrator] Then each investor had to decide whether they liked the concept enough to try it in Manchester. [sizzling] James is a proper grafter, so he leads from the front which is something that's very important to me. [narrator] The first idea to get the investors excited? An experienced chef and bartender duo who want to bring great food and drink to commuter belt towns. Hollings is a neighborhood restaurant with central London service standards and produce, pulled out to the commuter belts. [Ronnie] When I go back home to Buckinghamshire, James is out in Essex and there's good takeaways, there's good Indian, Chinese, there's good pubs... But the next level is, you know, going back to the quiet dining rooms with the big chairs... And it's stale and it's stagnant. There's very much a gap there, and we're the perfect people to fill that. [narrator] Chef Ronnie and barman James want £200,000 to set up their first Hollings. Certainly where I live, in Surrey, you're bored of all the good concepts being in London. This is definitely a concept that could scale to multiple sites. Could you see ten Hollings? Absolutely. The bar and restaurant scene in major cities is hyper-competitive. That means that you need to generate a very high level of profit to make a return. Actually, if you step away from that market into suburban towns, where your rents are lower, it's a compelling strategy, if you can get the offering right. I obviously run three suburban restaurants, so I understand their passion, where they're coming from. And I understand the economics of it. Hollings is a place where people feel that it's their neighborhood restaurant, where they know the chef, where they know the front of the house and they can walk in there any time to have a chat or have a drink. You can definitely make money like that, because people don't patronize you just for a day, they patronize you for their life. Because you become part of their life. I wouldn't be amazed if there'll be an arm wrestle between me and Imbiba, but let's see. [laughs] [Graham] Guys, this is our signature fettuccine Alfredo. It's slathered on a giant wheel of cheese. It's gonna blow your mind. [narrator] Next, an Italian idea with a twist. Fresh pasta finished off on a 40-kilogram cheese wheel. We are making fresh pasta, then slathering it in a massive wheel of Grana Padano to infuse the flavors. [narrator] South African born Graham is looking for £500,000 investment. [Graham] It's been a massive hit on Instagram and the videos have gone viral. I think everyone has a secret fetish for cheese. Conceptually, it's very simple to do. It's got a lot of theater. It really connects with millennials. They don't have any Italian experience. -They're not Italian. -It doesn't matter. For me that matters because I am Italian. That key signature dish is really strong. Cheese, fresh pasta, you know... Seriously, what's not to like? The impact of the cheese wheel, I think it's potentially a great hook. Every restaurant needs a unique selling point, something that differentiates it. You know, this guy's got a great idea, great passion. So, yeah, I'd like to see. [narrator] Two ideas have been chosen. The Cheese Wheel's hopes rest on just one person, but two investors could end up fighting over Hollings. [Fred] Today, Manchester welcomes two new restaurant hopefuls, The Cheese Wheel and Hollings. The next three days could well change their business fortune forever. [narrator] The two ideas will take over identical existing restaurant sites 100 yards apart. This morning, Graham and James and Ronnie are about to see their new restaurants for the first time. It looks good, actually. It does look really good. -[James] After you. -[Ronnie] Thank you. [James] Oh wow, look at that. [narrator] Over the last month, they've been working with a designer to bring their restaurant to life. [Ronnie] That's great. -Looks bangin', doesn't it? -[Ronnie] Looks really nice, actually. [narrator] James and Ronnie have worked for some of the country's best restaurants, but this is their first time in their own place. We're super excited to see Hollings actually become real. The first diners sit down, first check comes through, first martini goes to the table... It exists then, so that's exciting. [narrator] Thirty-eight-year-old Ronnie has spent 20 years as a chef. His current main project is running a supper club from his home in south London. Slow-cooked here, 140 degrees, pressed it. Yeah, I'm very fortunate, I get paid a living to do my hobby, which is lovely, you know. My earliest memory is knocking around on my grandma's floor with an old set of balance scales weighing up dry pasta. pretending to cook with a spoon and stuff, so... My mom was a cook for 29 years in a school kitchen. Yeah, it was sort of in the family. [narrator] 28-year-old James is a rising bar and cocktail star. He met Ronnie when they worked together at an upmarket London restaurant. I am, sort of, the beverage side and front of house side of Hollings and I've been in hospitality in London for about 11 years. I think we make Hollings credible for an investor. Between the two of us, there's a large wealth of experience. [narrator] Now, Ronnie and James are looking for £200,000 to kick-start Hollings. And the right person to back them. I think an ideal investor for us would-- It's gotta be somebody who's gonna, sort of, fit our character. We've got to like what they've got on offer. They've got to like what we've got on offer. It's like a marriage. If it doesn't feel right, don't do it, because it's gonna end messy and it's gonna end in a nasty divorce and someone's gonna lose everything. But equally, I think, it's probably as important that the 120 covers we've got booked over the next three days have a good time. If we do that right, then the investment will probably come. -[Graham] Yeah, let's do it! -[narrator] Opposite Hollings, Graham is also about to see his restaurant for the first time. This looks awesome! So cool. Cheese Wheel! Cheese Wheel! Unbelievable. Look at the kitchen. Whoa! Get your pasta fresh, my sir! [narrator] Thirty-five-year-old Graham had a cheese wheel in Italy when on holiday, then brought the idea back to Camden Market in London. Now, he's serving hundreds of dishes a day. [Graham] An average week, we're looking at about £8,000. Our best sales, we're looking at about 11 grand. Pretty mega for a tiny little stall. We've had customers online, on Facebook, that actually have said, "The Cheese Wheel is not just a gimmick. We've gone and tried it. It's fresh-rolled pasta. It's a convenience. It's something that's, that there's not enough of out there." [narrator] Now, Graham wants £500,000 so that The Cheese Wheel can take its share of the 24 million visits that were made to Britain's Italian restaurants last year. I've got a wife and two kids and I dream of giving them a better future, of building something for them, for the future also. So it's something I want to achieve in my life if possible, you know. That's what I'm aiming for. [narrator] Tomorrow, in just 24 hours, the investors will be arriving for a private lunch. Right, rock 'n' roll, man. Let's go. [narrator] So tonight, each restaurant has just one practice run to get their menu and service right. [Fred] Tonight, both restaurants open to the paying public for the first time. It's their soft launch. I've done so many in my time and believe me, they never go according to plan, but that's the point, because they must learn from tonight. Tomorrow, there will be no room for error when the investors arrive. Hey, buddy. [narrator] Both restaurants have brought their own teams to help in the kitchen and with front of house. [groans] [narrator] And the man with the cheese wheel is Graham's twin brother. Johnny, you're doing a sterling job, mate. Buongiorno! How are you? -Oh, you're making pasta. Oh beautiful! -[Graham] I love pasta! -What a very good quality, this pasta! -[Graham] Thank you. Tell me about this cheese wheel, because I'm really intrigued. I mean, do you actually serve all your pasta in a Parmesan wheel like this? So what we do is we cook our fettuccine Alfredo nice and hot and put it on top -and it infuses the flavors from the wheel... -Really? And it makes a cheesy white wine Alfredo type of sauce. [Fred] So how many wheels like this do you go through a week? [Graham] I only go through one every few days, I'd say. But it's not too expensive to do that? -We make our mark up on it. -Oh, really? -Yeah, yeah. -Yeah, there's a lot of dough in pasta, isn't there? Good, good, good. Well, today you have your first service here. -I hope it goes well for you. -Thank you. Thank you. -And enjoy it. Ciao. Ciao. -Lovely to meet you. Take care. [narrator] The Cheese Wheel's star dish is fettuccine Alfredo. Fresh pasta is cooked in double cream, then swirled hot on the wheel to pick up melting cheese. It's £6,50, with toppings like sheep's milk cheese extra. But Graham's decided to add dishes to his Manchester menu. [Graham] We've taken some risks, we haven't played it safe. I really wanted to show the investors this isn't just a fad, a one trick pony. This can be developed into something much more beautiful. [narrator] Fresh pappardelle with lamb ragu is £9,25, and squid ink spaghetti with fresh clams in a white wine sauce is £10,25. Right, boys, you got bacon sandwiches ready, yeah? A bit of brekkie. Most important is to make sure that everyone is looked after. Happy, happy staff. -How are you guys? -Just in time for a bacon sandwich. -Good. How are you? -Very well, thank you. How are you? Good. Very good. Thank you. Nice to meet you. So what is Hollings then? -That's a very good question. -[James] Yeah. Absolutely. It's authentic, sort of, British cuisine, a bit of provenance, quality service and amazing drinks. But I suppose the USP or the hook is that we're gonna pull it to commuter belts, out of central London. It's slightly more than a pub, it's slightly more affordable than the fine dining restaurants. Very good. And what about drinks, then? You say fantastic drinks. What have you got in there? We're not labour-intensive, shaky-shaky cocktails anymore, right? The world's moved on. Just quality products and just a really simple serve, really. Good. All right, well guys, have a good day and I'll see you later on. -[James] See you later. -Take care, take care. Bye. [Ronnie] Right, well. Let's do a little checklist. -Sweet corn. -Yeah, right. [narrator] On average, we now eat out 100 times a year in the UK. -Tatar sauce we need to mix. -Yeah. [narrator] And the long Hollings menu is designed for familiarity and repeat visits. -Wait, let's put.. -So add seaweed salt. [narrator] Its 26 items include a crispy lamb-belly snack at £3,50, Rump of beef carpaccio at £7,25, and Alfie's Fish 'n' Chips, named after one of Ronnie's proteges at £14,50. And James' drinks are a big part of the offering. Four of his Teeny Tinis, miniature versions of classic martinis, cost £10. [James] Ron. 6:30. -See you on the other side. -See you on the other side, mate. [Fred] In my own restaurant, I love that feeling before service. Everything must be ready, the waiters must be standing to attention, and when the first customer walks through the door... -Hello. -[woman] Hi. -How are you? -The battle is on! I was going to say, "Have you been to Hollings before?" -But I know you haven't. -[laughter] [narrator] Tonight's soft-launch features half-price food, so both restaurants are booked solid. Table nine, yeah? Fettuccine, pancetta, fettuccine, pancetta. Thank you. -We're both gonna get the Alfredo. -Okay, yeah. [narrator] In the Cheese Wheel, most of the customers want to try the signature dish. -I'll go with the fettuccine Alfredo. -[waiter] Yeah. -Can I have the fettuccine Alfredo as well? -[waiter] Yeah. -[woman] I'm gonna go for the same. -Yeah. Fettuccine Alfredo with pancetta, Fettuccine Alfredo with smoked pork. -It's all fettuccine tonight. -[bell dings] We've just come back from Rome, and the pasta there is, like, amazing, but that measured up to it as well. Like, it was literally, one of the best pastas I've ever had. Hi, guys, how are you? Can I sit at the bar? Thank you. How are you doing? -You all right? -Very well. Thank you. Okay, come on guys. Fettuccine Alfredo, fettuccine Alfredo with pesto. I like the menu. In fact, I love it. I want to eat everything on it. But the thing is, there's only one dish that's cooked using that wheel. -How's it going, Graham? -It's going very good. Thank you. [Fred] How popular is the wheel tonight? Uh, I'd say 80% of orders. -[Fred] 80%? -Yeah. People have come for the cheese wheel experience, I think. [Fred] Thank you very much. Oh! What flavor! So well-integrated. It's beautiful. Now, if you'll excuse me. -I'll put the fettuccine straight in, Chef. -Good. And yeah, Pepe, fettuccine Alfredo, pancetta, sauteed mushroom. Okay, two fettuccine ready to go! -Graham, thank you very much. -[Graham] Thank you. Have a wonderful evening. -See you later. -Two fettuccine coming out right away! They're done. Ready to go. We've got no more cream left. Okay, well, that means Alfredo's off the menu. Yeah, let's have a look. [waitress] What's going on? What's happened? Uh, we've run out of white-wine cream because we've been so busy with the fettuccine. [sighing deeply] Back, back, back... [narrator] In Hollings... -Venison, mac and cheese. No messing about. -[laughter] [narrator] ...the menu is proving popular. -So two hummus, three carpaccio, yeah? -Yes, Chef. Fuckin' hell. We're fucking up! It needs to be a lot easier than this. [narrator] But 45 minutes into service, no mains have left the kitchen. [waiter] How's everything here so far? -I know you haven't eaten anything to eat yet, but... -Oh, very good. It's on the way. It's gonna be worth the wait. Um, you're food is about seconds away, I believe. It's the first day so it's always gonna be a bit ropey. -Give me a lemon wedge. -Lemon? Uh, lemon wedges. [Ronnie] What we didn't have time to do was go through the flow and where everything works, so we're running around doing 50 miles walking, probably that we don't need to. -Hi, you guys. -Can I sit you at the bar? Is that all right? -Just yourself? -[Fred] Yeah, just me, yeah. -[waiter] Lovely. -Thank you. -How are you, Chef? -I don't know. Fuck me! -Chef, how's it going? -Sorry. Sorry. -Table-- What's that? -How's it going? Oh, good, thank you. Yeah. Sorry. Table three. Mac, fish 'n' chips... That's the first main course out. It's all right. It's all right. -I have your wines here for you. -Thank you. There's a lovely atmosphere here in Hollings. I really like it. Behind the scenes though, it's manic. Check on one carpaccio, one smoked salmon, one venison and one chicken. Wait, you got truffle on this mac? -Yeah. -So give me two salmon now. I'm gonna do three carpaccio. -[James] Hello, lovely people. How are you doing? -Very well, thank you. Fucking hell. Do I have to do everything? Do we have the starters next? -Sorry, Chef. Coming right up! -Starters, starters! Right. I say we double up here. Two mac, two steak. -One venison. -Yeah. And then we'll go that as well. Same time, yeah? Yes, Chef! -There's a little nibble, Fred while you're waiting. -Thank you very much. A little crispy lamb belly and a sweet corn fritter. Right. Jus, steaks, chips. I'm just waiting for my main course, but the chef is very kind and sent me these little things to nibble on. This is really good, really class. -Hi guys. -Hi. Just to let you know, the fettuccine that you've ordered, they're out of the cream white wine sauce. -Okay. -Um, so it will be done with the mushroom sauce. [narrator] With customers still ordering, Graham has had to improvise a new dish for The Cheese Wheel. We've sold, like, about 80 to 90% of fettuccine tonight. Hiya, ladies. I'm sure you've heard about the problem with, uh... The cream sauce and fettuccine. We just apologized to the customers and changed the sauce to mushroom cream and gonna finish off the night on a high note. -[Ronnie] No need to stay that long 'cause we've got it, yeah? -[waiter] Yes, Chef. We give you a venison and a venison. [waiter] Has Table two gone yet, Chef? [narrator] In Hollings, Ronnie and James have got service back on track. [James] Hello, lovely people. Help yourself here-- Chips coming up for that steak right now! My dad once told me that if you know how to drive, you can drive any car. Well, it's the same for restaurants. It doesn't matter whether it's your first night or not, or whether you know the restaurant or not, if you know how to do it, you know how to do it. These guys know. -[James] How's everything? Worth the wait? -[woman] Very nice. [man] Oh, look at that bad boy. The service is great, the food's delicious. Even, like, where we lived in a small town, it would work. Last check. Done. Done. -[Ronnie] Big day today, so... -[man] Yes, Chef. It's only a few people but nonetheless, possibly the most important people of the week. -We've got about an hour and a half till service. -[Ronnie] No problem. Last night's service put both kitchens to the test. Today, the investors expect a lunch par excellence. Their first impression of each business is all about the food on the plate. They must get it right if they are to stay in the game. [narrator] Over the next two days, the investors will test the restaurants on their service and business plans. But today's private lunch is all about the food. Ronnie's trying to treat it as just another day at the office. I think certainly, once you get in a kitchen, it's a fantastic, friendly atmosphere. It can be a little bit, you know, hostile during the middle of service, but you know, generally, everybody wants you to do well and everyone helps you out, so I think that's probably taught me a lot. Yeah, I think sometimes it has been a little bit of a struggle having a disability. I was a classic victim. I mean, I'm in the supermarket and they said, "Do you want to pack your bags?" It's got nothing to do with my arm, it's because they want to pack your bags... Five years ago, I would've gone, "No, I'm all right. I can pack my own bags." You know, my parents were great in bringing me up and they taught me to be very independent, so I think sometimes people are just genuinely being nice and you take it a little bit the wrong way. -Morning. -[James] Good morning. -How are you guys? -How you doing, Fred? Very good, thank you. -Are you ready for lunch? -[Ronnie] Yeah. You had a good soft launch yesterday, but today is all about the food. -[Ronnie] Yeah, yeah. -The food has to be perfect. -There's no room for error. -It's a little bit, a little bit daunting, but I've got belief in the brand, belief in the product. And I think that the only thing we can do now is do the job right, and then, if we walk away without it at least you can turn around to yourself and say you've done your best. -Can you make them fall in love with Hollings? -Absolutely. -Yeah. I hope so. -All right. Well, good luck, guys. -[James] Thank you. Cheers. -Good luck. See you later. Right, rock 'n' roll, man. -A little pick-me-up Negroni before service. -Nice! [clicks tongue] That's the one, mate. [narrator] Hollings is hosting Darrel Connell of Imbiba and partners Fraser Bradshaw and Simon Wheeler. They've invested over 50 million pounds in hospitality start-ups. When we first saw Hollings, the thing that really stood out was the pedigree and the quality of James and Ronnie, proven operators who have been doing it for years who want to take that big leap and go at it alone. We offer no qualms about making an investment of between half a million and a million pounds initially in Hollings, but with a view then to putting a further five million into Hollings. What I'm really looking forward to seeing is have the guys got the appetite for that? Do they want to build Hollings into a great British business? Are these guys money makers? [narrator] Imbiba face competition. Michelin starred restaurateur, Atul Kochhar, who's looking to expand his UK restaurant portfolio. [Atul] Finding new ideas is always exciting because it kind of connects you to the future, what's coming next. I always look at ideas in different ways. It's just not whether the financial sense is there or not, but also whether we are working with the right ethos or not. All that is very important to me. And people, their commitment, whether they are really hard graft or not, and if that's not going to work out, then you might as well just don't make the investment. I'm quite excited about Hollings. I'm pretty much sold on the idea. And I do hope that they fare well, to be honest, because... It's almost like it's theirs to lose. [Darrel] I know Atul's expressed an interest in Hollings. If we have to go head-to-head, we have to go head-to-head. After you. -[James] Hello. How are you doing? -Hello, hello. -Darrel. -Welcome to Hollings. James. -Nice to meet you. -Very nice to meet you. -Hello, there. How are you doing? -Fraser. [James] Fantastic. You wanna take a seat? -Thanks very much. -Thank you. [James] I'm sort of predominantly drinks, and to start there's some Teeny Tinis, little miniature versions of, sort of, longer drinks. There's your classic Negroni... And there's a little bergamot Bellini, and then there's a pepper with gin martini. It's a nice idea, actually. -Kind of canopy drinks. -Canopy drinks. Yeah, I definitely think so. [narrator] On the menu today, 26 different items from smoked salmon to mac 'n' cheese to apple pie and custard. -Gosh, it's quite a-- -Quite a lot, yeah. It's quite an extensive menu, isn't it? If you do a calculation across Tiny Tinis, and across your snacks and starters and mains and including wine, it ends being a pretty strong expense per head. -[Atul] Yeah, a good £60. -Yeah, a good £60. -Gents, are we ready to order? -Yeah. This is one of the biggest services of our lives. The easiest way to put it, it's a half a million pound service, isn't it? We're gonna have one of all of the starters and then, just share it around. -So one of every starter? -Yeah. And for the mains? -Let's do one thing. Let's have all six, and we'd try it. -I think we'll do all. -Fantastic. They're gonna have one of each starter. -Yeah. -Again, one of each main. -Yeah. And then, just a selection of sides, whatever you like. -So, the whole lot, yeah? The whole lot. -I think so. -Yes, Chef. -Well! Check on. -Yes, Chef? -The whole menu. -Yeah? -Get busy. -[chuckles] -Fantastic. [Graham] Oh, they're looking good, Chef, they're looking good. [narrator] In the Cheese Wheel, Graham's making sure everything is perfect for today's make-or-break lunch. I'm a little bit nervous but definitely on track. [narrator] Graham's one shot at investment is Jeremy Roberts, CEO of Living Ventures. He runs a string of over 40 bars and restaurants. [Jeremy] I think the two main things from a pure investment point of view are customer acceptability... Italian food has almost become a default. British food, you know, we all understand it. The second thing is, the profitability side of The Cheese Wheel offer should be really positive. Pasta isn't very expensive, but if a cheese wheel is the only thing it's got, then I would be slightly concerned, so we need to see what the breadth of the offer is. -Hello. -Hello. Lovely to meet you. My name's Graham. -Nice to meet you, Graham. -And this is our famous cheese wheel. -I've heard a lot about it. Yeah. -Come have a look. So this is our aged, 40-kilo Grana Padano wheel. And our specialty in Camden Market is actually making a fettuccine Alfredo. So what would you recommend, Graham? Our signature dish is something I'd really like for you to try first-- We've gotta try that. [narrator] Before he can use the cheese wheel each day... So I'm to stand back. [narrator] ...it has to be sterilized with brandy. So this is not integral to the flavor of the dish in any way... -No. -It's just a question of sanitizing the surface. -Yeah, exactly. -[Jeremy] Cool. Sure. -Just-- Just try it. -Yes. -Happy? -Yes. Not bad, yeah. -[Jeremy] Good? -I think you're gonna like it. -Okay. This is our fettuccine Alfredo. -Yeah. [Graham] This is where the magic happens. -[Jeremy] So that goes straight on there? -Yes, so we... -We're not gonna-- -Knock it around... -We burnt off all the alcohol so they don't get any flavor. -Yeah. -It certainly gets the taste buds going. -[Graham] Yeah. -[Jeremy] I'm trying to do this elegantly. -[laughs] Thank you. Yeah. It's just picking up the, um... It's picking up some alcohol. I was worried about that, -because we had a bit of a dip there. -Hmm. It, uh... Yeah, okay. -[man] About a minute on the soup, Chef. -Perfect. [waiter] So, here you have the onion dish, and then you also have the beef rump carpaccio as well. -[Atul] Sounds good. -Thank you. He's looking at me funny 'cause I'm looking at him funny. [laughter] -It's brilliantly prepared, isn't it? -Really tasty. It's absolutely delicious. Absolutely delicious. There's smiles and empty plates and empty glasses. They're in for the marathon, 'cause there's a lot to go, if they're gonna have one of everything, there's a lot to go. Beautifully balanced. Every element speaks for itself. Right. Chicken burger. Not just any chicken burger, a Hollings chicken burger. The food so far all right? [man] It's just so broad and varied. [Atul] With your experience and your exposure, you could have found the finance anywhere. Why did you come to this? We came to this for a very good reason, so... James and I have done lots of things, lots of outside events. I've got my own business doing pop-ups and consulting. But what we need is some help, some guidance, some advice.0 And will you focus 100% on Hollings if you get some capital, you know-- The honest answer is no. I'll have some other stuff on the go because that's the way I operate best. If I focus 100% on one thing, I've found out in the past, I get too... Too emotional, too attached and not objective enough. Anyway, I'll let you get back to your food, otherwise we'll be here till three o'clock in the morning. He'll be in the kitchen thinking, "I wish I had never said that." -[chuckles] -I hope you don't go against this, but I gotta be honest, I said, it ain't gonna be 100%. We know that. We know that conversation anyway. There's two here. This is the one you're cooking, and just a little bit extra in there just in case you needed it. [narrator] In The Cheese Wheel... [man] Smells good. Lovely clams, yeah. [narrator] Jeremy's second dish is Graham's new squid-ink spaghetti. Looks great. [Graham] Enjoy. Hmm... -Yeah, that's really good. -[Graham] You like it? -That's wonderful. -Yeah. [Jeremy] He clearly is talented in terms of his ability to cook. The main course dishes that, that I've tried today have been fantastic. Yeah. The only slight issue is that they're probably better than the signature dish. Yeah, it's a bit of a concern. -Thanks very much. -I hope you enjoyed it. -Pleasure to meet you, Jeremy. -And you. [Graham] Feeling quite relieved that that part of the service is over. In an ideal world, Jeremy will come back tomorrow and taste the dish for what it is without... A bit of brandy flavor coming through. I mean, it is a crowded market, the Italian market... The cheese wheel front and center is the thing about this. If it is going to be their unique selling point, they need to make more of it and it needs to be the star of the show. Even though that version of the signature dish I tried today didn't quite come off, I'm really keen to try it again, because conceptually it should work. And clearly, in Camden, it's working very well. Great meal, all in all. -Yeah. -Yeah, I really-- Shame about the company, but... -[all laughing] -Thanks, Atul. There is absolutely no doubt to us and Imbiba that Ronnie is a great chef and that James is a great host and a great drinks guy. But big question is, are they business people? Ronnie, what an amazing meal, thank you so much. -[chattering] -He's such a great chef. The service was charming and the hospitality was just perfect. But one thing worries me. Ronnie, while talking to us, mentioned that he will have other things on the go. I'm not that kind of investor. Others might be okay, I'm not. -[Fred] How did it go? -[Ronnie] It was very, very good. Very good. Did they fall in love with Hollings? -Yeah. -[James] I think so. [Fred] But you do realize that if you go with it, they just want your full, undivided attention on that project. I mean, you have a lot of projects going on. I mean... -Yeah. -Are you ready to give them up just for Hollings? [James] Let's be clear. If we open Hollings, from day one, first six months, we're gonna own that. -[Ronnie] Yeah. -But I don't think we're gonna give up the other stuff. [Fred] But do you think they'd be prepared to give you half a million pounds, a million pounds if you're juggling other responsibilities? We've said right from the beginning that it's about the right partnership and the right investment. -It's gotta work all around. -Right. Okay, well, good luck in your financial meetings later on. -Thank you very much. -[Ronnie] It's gonna be interesting. -[Fred] See you later, guys. -Thank you. Cheers, Fred. [narrator] Tomorrow lunchtime, the pressure in the restaurant increases. The investors will get to see how well they cope when they're full of paying customers. Thank you. Couldn't have done it without you, boys. [narrator] But today isn't over. Graham and Ronnie and James still face private meetings with the investors to talk through their financial strategy for the business. Hollings are first. [Fred] I've seen many business plans in my time, but this one clearly lacks detail, especially around the numbers. James and Ronnie have predicted half a million pound turnover in year one, but a restaurant like that should take double that, a million pounds. They have to show that they can run a business as well as a kitchen. [narrator] As they're in competition, each investor will have an hour alone with James and Ronnie. The financial side of the bar and restaurant business is the less sexy bit. You know, the great cocktails or, you know, the delicious steaks, that's all the stuff that everyone wants to talk about, but for us as investors, we need to understand that the people that we're backing take the numbers and the financial side of these businesses very, very, very seriously. 'Cause without that, my money could evaporate very quickly. [narrator] Hollings are asking for an investment of £200,000. -How was your day? -Long day for a four-cover lunch. [both laughing] And thank you so much for fantastic food and great service. [Ronnie] Great. -Numbers. -[Ronnie] Yeah, numbers. [Atul] If I look at the numbers, the labor cost is sitting somewhere around £200,000. There's money in the budget for a head chef or GM, and then obviously, you know, bar and-- [Atul] So, how much are you paying? Because I don't have the breakdown of the wages. I would expect that you would need to find 40 to 45 grand for head chef, and somewhere similar for a GM. -[scoffs] 80 grand is gone. -[Ronnie] Yeah. -So, what's left in the budget is £120,000... -Yeah. -Yeah. -We can't get rest of the stuff in £120,000. What we haven't been is owners of a restaurant before, so it's based on the theory of other people's... -[Atul] Okay. -Other people's numbers. From a weekly sales perspective, just taking some headline numbers... Your expectation is 12, 12 and a half grand a week... For us, I mean, looking at this and looking at the concept, you need to generate a 25 to 30 grand a week. We understand that at the end of the day, you need to cover your opening cost and turn a profit. -The bits in between certainly needs to put in some work. -[Simon] Yes, so... Who prepared the spreadsheet? Predominantly myself, and then we went over it together. I guess the slight surprise was that it didn't add up. Unless we've missed something, it still doesn't look like it does. [Simon] I'm concerned about the business plan they presented to us and the inaccuracies in that plan. There wasn't the diligence to check them, and I would have thought, in a meeting like this, that they would've gone through those numbers very, very carefully. Now, let's take a step back away from numbers. Imaginary restaurant is ready, I have invested. Initially, you will fulfill the head chef role? No, I'd like to go in with a head chef. Mentor a head chef. How much time you guys will spend on it? I see us getting our hands dirty for the first six months, I'd imagine, until this is... Until it's up and running and where we need it to get to. I'm glad that you know that and you understand that. That's what I wanted to hear from him today and he exactly committed. He said if it takes six months, I'll be there for six months or maybe more. I was a bit confused about you guys, I have to say that. Ronnie has got an edgy personality, no doubt about It. But I think it's a good edgy personality. Uh, I'm warming up to him now. I... He's confident, he knows his product well, and I think he can be trained. For you, Ronnie, especially, being a chef and a very confident chef, I felt that you were a little arrogant, but you're not. -I was wrong. I read you wrong. -Thanks. [Ronnie] I don't know where he got his opinion from. What you see is what you get. I haven't changed. I haven't changed my style in ten years, so... I don't know where he gets that from. It was unjust. [narrator] At the end of the meeting, the investors can choose to spell out the offer they'll make if and only if they decide to invest tomorrow. From finding the site and fitting it out, I envisage it'll take us easily anything between half a million to £750,000. Yeah. We will be looking at putting up to four, five million pounds behind you potentially to scale the business into a brand. You know, we're not single site investors, if that makes sense. -Yeah. -Over a three, four, five year period, let's open six, seven, eight sites. If everyone gets it right, there's a big pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. Yeah. We didn't expect that when we walked into the room, to be honest. [Ronnie] We started with no restaurant, no food even being on a plate. And now, we're talking about somebody putting four, five million quid and having that belief in our product. You know, that's... Hold on a minute... Let's go back 48 hours. This is somewhat unbelievable. [Darrel] We're certainly going to tomorrow's service with an open mind. For me, it's not so much about how good, you know, how good the venison is, it's more about just spending some more time with the guys just to see how they think, how they react to things. I want to get more confident in them as commercial business people. [narrator] Now, it's The Cheese Wheel's turn. Graham's looking for a £500,000 investment. [Jeremy] He's very competent in the kitchen, but his aspiration is to be CEO of this business. So he needs to convince me that he's capable of doing that. -So those dishes that I tried today, which were fantastic... -Right. Have you a feel for what the gross profit on those are? We're looking at a food cost of around 22 to 24%. And that's why it's-- I'm just slightly confused on your gross profit figure there... -You mentioned 25% in there? -Yeah, we'd-- -Your model's talking about 35%. -35% food cost? -Yeah. -I've got my numbers wrong because it's-- -What we're operating is definitely around-- -It's a big difference. Yeah, it's a major difference, but maybe my full cost is not spot-on correct. But I could tell you what we're doing now, and that is, um, we're looking at 24 to 27%-- Okay, fine. So that's what you're doing in Camden. -Yeah. Yeah. -Yeah, that makes a bit of sense. So going forward, we're looking at 65% gross profit. -Okay. It's, uh... -Which is okay. -But it's not ideal. -Yeah, it's not... The concept is one thing, but if I'm gonna back him, then I need to be confident that he is gonna be able to make that concept profitable. You're gonna explain what this restaurant looks like. A floating sort of kitchen kiosk with people working in the middle and people sitting all around it. We'd like to try to bring more wheels in, too, so we can have more than just the fettuccine Alfredo onto the wheel. We've actually managed to source another cheese wheel for tomorrow. Adding an extra wheel in for tomorrow's service is a really good, positive move that he's made there. He's recognized that unique selling-point is something that he needs to capitalize upon. [narrator] Jeremy's got a view on what his potential offer could be. -You're looking for an investment of £500,000... -Yeah. To take you to that first stage. The conclusion at the moment is that it probably is gonna cost a little bit more. You're probably gonna need potentially, £600,000 or £700,000. Okay. So tomorrow, I'm keen to see how the second wheel can help that interaction with the customer, because I think, one is a little bit limiting. I'm keen to see if the team can cope with those dishes. And also, I think, I'm keen to see some of the reaction from customers. -Good. -I'm still feeling nervous. -Have a lovely evening. Nice to see you. -Cheers. Bye-bye. [Graham] Jeremy's not giving anything away, so definitely not walking out feeling confident, but definitely not walking out feeling like it's over. So it's, yeah, on the fence. Hollings and Cheese Wheel are in with a chance of a life-changing investment. But the investors have serious questions about both ideas. Need to rock 'n' roll those arancini faster. We need to finish that job like ten minutes ago. [Fred] Today's final service for the paying public will be what makes up their mind. Right now, everything hangs in the balance. -First table? -About half past 12:00. We've had a good lunch yesterday, we've had a good meeting, and now they want to see if we can deliver the goods in a real environment, so it's crucial that we're ready. -Morning, guys. -[James] Morning. -[Fred] How are you? -[James] Yeah, good. Yourself? -Morning, Fred! -So, you ready for lunch? -[both] Yeah. -Foxed. Food's gotta be good, but the operations also must be perfect. Hopefully it's gonna be a great atmosphere today and everybody'll soak up the whole Hollings experience. -Well, good luck. See you later. -[Ronnie] Thank you. -See you later. -Cheers. So heavy. 40 kilo. [laughs] This is the second cheese wheel now, so you're gonna see two up on the pass. It's gonna look fantastic. It's the first time for us to have two at the same time. Fully booked house, so it's time for us to up our game and have a good service. Voila! -How are you, Graham? -Hi. -You okay? -Very well. How are you? -Good, thank you. -I see you've got another cheese wheel here. -[Graham] Yes, we decided to put two dishes on. -Uh-huh. The mushroom rigatoni dish on here and the fettuccine Alfredo on there. -It's very good you've done that because this is your USB. -Yeah. You know, this is what Jeremy is looking for. He wants to see whether there's a restaurant idea here that can go around with that cheese wheel. -We're hoping he sees something in it. -Okay, well look. -I wish you good luck. See you later. Thank you. -Thank you very much. Okay. Ten minutes before service, the investors are back in. I think it's really clear that we want everyone to have the same Hollings experience. -They're all VIP, James. -[James] All VIP. -Some nice boiling water there for us. -Yeah, it's almost up to ten. [narrator] Graham and Ronnie and James are opening to the public for the last time. -Afternoon, guys. How are you doing? You well? -Hi. Yeah. -[man] Good. Thank you. -How are you today? -Good, yeah. -Great. [narrator] Today, the investors will watch the restaurants in full service. -How was that, ladies? -[woman] Excellent. -All good? -[woman] Thank you, thank you. [narrator] They'll expect to see a smooth operation and happy customers. He wants to move his product from a successful street-food business into something with wider appeal. To do that, he needs to extend that menu. He's capable of that, as a chef, without doubt. What I'll try and understand today is how he can translate that into the cheese wheel, which is his chosen vehicle. That connection is where I'm a little bit concerned, so it's gonna be really interesting to see how that progresses. Nice fritters, William. Very nice fritters. [Atul] It's far from a done deal, to be honest. I'm quite excited from yesterday's chat and it'll help me to see them in action. The quality of what we consumed yesterday was super. The reality now around seeing them as a team that we could invest in and develop, it's lead us to a lot of deliberation overnight. Anything is possible. We're prepared to invest another two hours of our time to go and spend some time with the guys. We have an open mind. [narrator] If Atul and Imbiba both like what they see today, they will go head-to-head in a bidding war to sign Hollings. -Hello. -Hello, sir. How are you doing? -You came back! -One sweet corn, one focaccia, Will. We've got some pews at the bar if you'd like to jump down, sir? -I'll take this one. -Fantastic. -[waiter] The dish is very hot. -Thank you. There's your sweet-corn tempura. -Give me one fried oyster and one portion of lamb. -Oui, Chef! -There's certainly a buzz about the kitchen. -Definitely. -So fish 'n' chips and the venison, have gone, yeah? -Yeah. Mmm. Nice. [James] It's probably best to pick a couple of snacks and pick up a couple of Teeny Tinis and then just go from there. -[man] Table two. -Yes, please. Table two. -[man] Anything else? -That's it. -Two cheese wheels! -Two cheese wheels today, yes. Wow! So, how are you using the second wheel? [Graham] We changed our menu a little bit to adjust for the new one. -Okay, good. -[Graham] We've added on the mushroom rigatoni. It's a lovely little dish. It's gonna be fantastic on the wheel. -Great. -Okay. -Rigatoni, yeah? -Rigatoni. -Okay. Here we go. I hope you enjoy. -Lovely. Thank you. -How are you enjoying it? -Yeah, it's very good. Okay. Better without the brandy? [Jeremy] Better without the brandy. [chuckles] [Jeremy] The new dish that Graham put on in the second wheel was very, very good actually. It's certainly good to see that he's capable of coming up with solutions. In the context of business problem-solving, that's very important. Chicken burger. There you go, sir. -Thank you so much. -Thank you. [waiter] I've got your fries to go with it. Delicious. I can't fault it. -I can't fault it. It's really good. -Thank you. [waitress] Are you not feeling... The chicken burger... [woman] The meat isn't actually that nice. It's with thigh meat, isn't it? Not chicken breast? [waitress] You're not enjoying it? Do you want me to take it away for you? [woman] Yeah. Unfortunately, the guys have just had a meal returned from the table. James, do you have champagne here with you? -We've got English bucket wine to sample. -Can I request four glasses? -Yes, certainly. For yourselves? -On that table. -Uh, well, in the corner? -Yeah. The restaurant is about hospitality. It's about generosity. It's about making people happy and giving them a good time. -I'm Atul Kochhar. -[woman] Hi. -We've got a difficult, difficult table over there. -[laughter] [Atul] I heard that your food didn't go well, so apologies on the house. -[woman] Oh! -That's very kind. -[Atul] And we've got you a glass of bubbly. -Thank you very much. [Ronnie] If chicken thigh is good enough for my dogs, it's good enough for the burger. [scoffing] If you do chicken thighs as a burger, one in hundred's gonna come back because they eat at KFC. I was a little disappointed, I think, from the reaction from both of them. I would have expected a little bit more warmth and that lacked. If you put it on the menu that it's made with chicken thighs, then people can choose. [Graham] How's the customers? Everyone enjoying themselves? -[waiter] Everyone. -[Graham] Okay, good stuff. [woman] I don't know. It's just, like, typical pasta and cheese. I don't know if it's blowing my mind, but it's nice. It's something that I would like to eat on, like, a winter evening. It's really nice. It's starting to get a bit tamer now, but that's because I didn't have any toppings. Um, and that was my choice. -All right, Jeremy? You okay? -Very well. -Are you having a good lunch? -There's some really good cooking going on here. Do you think there's a business based on these cheese wheels? [Jeremy] Certainly. Um, it's very visual, you see people smiling as they walk past, which is always a good sign. It's just whether the business translates into a real restaurant scenario. -Tough decision you gotta make, Jeremy. -It is a tough decision. -I don't want to be in your shoes right now. -[laughing] There is absolutely no doubt the guy can cook. Bye, now. The Cheese Wheel can be a very good visual feature, but I'm not 100% sure really yet whether it is enough. I think the big thinking I've gotta do this afternoon, is to understand whether I can overcome, in my mind, Graham's slight inexperience as a businessman to run that business, over his ability as a chef. Cheers, mate. Thanks very much. James, great job. -Thank you. Sure. -Great job. Thank you very much. Thank you. [Atul] I definitely like the product. I definitely like the people. Maybe attitude could be an issue, but we can work on it. -They seemed pretty chuffed, though. -Yeah, they ate a lot of food. Whether I go with full-blown investment or I do a small investment on them, I need to weigh up how much training I would give them to run a proper restaurant. I need to go away and do my numbers as well. [James] There was really good feedback. Lots of happy faces. -We've done our bit, so... -[Ronnie] So now we're waiting. -Yeah. -Like beginners. [Fraser] For us, if we could find them an MD and if we could work with them on a business plan, that's a different story. But on face value today, their business plan isn't finished, and they're not the finished product. And so that makes it really conflicted because we'd like to try and do something with them. -Nice one. -That's it. We're done. -Fantastic, mate. -Great. [narrator] Lunch is over. Now the pressure is on the investors. They have to decide whether the idea is worth their money. -How was lunch? -It was really-- It went very smooth for us. [Fred] Look, well. That's it. It's the end of the three days. But now, the pressure's on them. Well, Jeremy Roberts has a deadline, he has one hour to come back and make you an offer. -If he comes back, game on. -Fingers crossed. If he doesn't come back, it's game over. Let's see how it goes. [narrator] Graham came here looking for £500,000. If Jeremy Roberts doesn't return with an offer of investment by 6:30, he'll walk away with nothing. Have you ever had a moment in your life like this where everything could change in a space of minutes? I've never had this moment in my life. Never, um, come to a position -of competing like this in anything, you know. -Hmm. How does it feel now? Tried to cook as hard as we could, so hopefully it was enough. Yeah. -Graham? -Yeah. The time is up. I'm sorry. This means I'm going back to the drawing board, putting some more work into the concept... -That's the way it goes. -Yeah. [Jeremy] Graham's concept, on a street food level, is really strong, but translating that into a full-service restaurant based around that... I think that there's just not quite enough there. It's not something that I can invest in right now. It's just too much of a risk. Look, you had a go. It was really good to see the food going out, and happy customers, feedback was fantastic... And that's what gives us inspiration as a team -if we get our own little restaurant going, you know? -Mmm-hmm. We'll try and grow it more organically. I think that might be more suitable for us. [narrator] Now, it's Hollings turn. James and Ronnie came here looking for £200,000. The deadline is eight o'clock. Will one or more investors walk through the door? What's your gut feeling? I think someone's gonna walk through the door. -[Fred] You think? -Yeah. What's it like to be so close? It's like sitting outside the chef's office for my first interview. -[both chuckle] -I was 16. I mean, yeah. Yeah, he made me wait, and all. Five minutes. -[James] Five minutes. -Oh, well. -It's ticking on. -Oh, well. -Hi, guys. -[Fred] Atul. You are sitting dry inside, nice and warm. -Nice to see you. -How are you? -Nice to see you. -Grab a chair. -Pick a seat. -Thank you. [clears throat] So, you've come here to make an offer? Out of courtesy for the second investor, we'll have to wait a second until the time is up. [narrator] Imbiba have one minute left to walk through the door with an offer. Gentlemen, the time is up. [Darrel] There's something special in Hollings. That said, Hollings' business isn't ready for investment. It would be remiss and negligent of us to look to invest at a point where the business simply isn't ready for investment. So guys, let me start by saying, it's been a pleasure meeting you both. -[James] Thank you. -Thank you. -I do have an offer to make. -[Ronnie] Okay. [Atul] I could get your restaurant, Hollings, in exactly the locations you wanted, up and running, within a few months. -Yeah. -[Atul] I'm working with a hotel chain and it will need an investment of about £200,000 -Mmm-hmm. -[Atul] It'll be your Hollings... -You have to drive it. -Yeah. [Atul] I will only be the pillion rider. But more than money, I need your commitment. Yeah. If we make one successful, we can really roll out this concept. Who knows, you know, ten years down the line, you could be sitting on your 10, 12 Hollings. You know what I'm saying? Okay, we did a good deal here. Um, it'll probably be remiss of us not to confer. -Would that be okay? -Yeah, absolutely. [narrator] Atul's new offer is to set Hollings up as a flagship hotel restaurant and then roll it out on the high street. [indistinct conversation] [exhaling] I don't know. And the fact I don't know, something's that's nagging me. If it's gonna work, we can't have that. That's my problem. That's my problem. -So... -I'm not overly excited. He wants 100% on this project. -Yeah. -I've got 100% commitment to it and passion to it, it doesn't mean I need to be there six days a week, doesn't mean you need to be there six days a week. And I think he wants blood. Hmm. [exhales] Hotel? -Mmm-hmm. -I'm against that. [indistinct] We'd be naive not to explore a little bit more. -[Ronnie] Sorry to keep you. -Yeah, thank you for your patience. -[Atul] No problem. -[Ronnie] It's obviously... Obviously a big decision and we need to make sure that we get it right for all parties concerned. Our gut feeling... Is that I think we'd probably, somewhere along the line, I think that we might fall out. -We don't what to set out on-- -What's scaring you that we'll fall out? [Ronnie] I'm not scared by any stretch of the imagination, but... It's very difficult to describe. We just don't quite have the right... -Feel for it. -I understand. And I think it would be unfair for us to get into an agreement... With that, you know, nagging against us. [Atul] If you already don't have a gut feel, don't go into it. -It's fine by me. -[James] That's appreciated. -Honored to have eaten your food. -[Ronnie] Pleasure to meet you. [James] Pleasure having you in our restaurant. Good luck. Have an exciting journey. See you soon. -[James] Bye. -[Ronnie] Take care. Thank you. [Atul] Actually, I'm quite stunned. I don't know what happened there. In their shoes, anybody would actually jump at this offer. I would want to work with me and I'm giving them their restaurant. But if it was a commitment issue, then I'm actually very happy that they declined it now, than me running after them and screaming after them that you guys are not focusing on the business. -He had £200,000 on the table... -Yeah. -To set you up for your first Hollings... -Yeah. And he was talking about 10 years down the line with 10, 12 Hollings. -Yeah. -What's wrong with that? There was just some sort of nagging thing in the back of our minds. Good call. Well done. -Right decision. Definitely. -Yeah. Yeah, it was really flattering, obviously... Respected restaurateur, and if he's interested in Hollings, that's fantastic. -That's massive! Massive deal! -Yeah, but you've gotta trust your gut. -[James] Fancy a pint? -[Ronnie] Yes, very much so. [chuckling] This is the red curry with tofu and butternut squash. -[woman] Yeah. -Tofu, generally... -[woman] You don't like... -Pretty bland. This is worse than the actual kitchen at home. We've got a new set of servers coming in in 20 minutes, which means that every single dinner in this restaurant -has to be out in 20 minutes. -[laughs] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 