Million Pound Menu: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Million Pound Menu 
 s1e1 - Epoch and ShrimpWreck - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Million Pound Menu (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Epoch and ShrimpWreck - full transcript 
 The first businesses seeking investment are Epoch, a fine-dining concept looking for 600,000 pounds to open their first restaurant in London and ShrimpWreck a Scottish street food stall looking for 100,000 pounds. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm Fred Sirieix. I've worked in the restaurant industry for 25 years. Right now, the UK's restaurant scene is the envy of the world. And all it takes is one great idea to make a fortune on the high street. But has the next generation 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 of restaurants got what it takes to become a multi-million pound business? Over the next six weeks, here, in Manchester, the food capital of the north, twelve of the most exciting new restaurant ideas are in with a chance of a life-changing investment from some of the UK's most respected investors. These are the men and women who can turn an idea 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 into a national brand. We're looking at putting a lot of money into the absolute best concept. This is the kind of model that you dream of. If I find the right operator, I'll be fighting for it. [Fred] Each week, the investors will give the people behind two great, new food ideas a unique opportunity... Ah, this is brilliant. [Fred] Their own pop-up restaurant. Right, rock-and-roll, man. [Fred] They'll have just three days to prove... Nobody seems to know the table numbers. [Fred] ...they've got what it takes... It's a disaster. [Fred] ...to make it on the high street. When you start to rush, that's when you start to make more mistakes. -There's a big backlog. of customers at the door. -[woman] Yeah, yeah, yeah. What are you gonna do about it? If I was to invest, it will take £500,000 to £750,000. Time to make some dough. [Fred] After the three days, will the investors walk back into the restaurant... [sighs] ...and make them an offer? It's a £600,000 lunch. We are not gonna leave without an investment. I'm sorry. Your time is up. The doors are open for business. Welcome to Million Pound Menu. What does is take to create a smash-hit restaurant business? Great food? Certainly. Great people? Most definitely. But first, you need a great idea. Get it right, and you could change the way people eat, and make a lot of money in the process. [narrator] The UK spends over £33 billion a year on eating out. And while conditions may be challenging on the high street right now, investors are still on the hunt for new ideas strong enough to get the customers queuing. [man] This is our signature fettuccine Alfredo. It's gonna blow your mind. [narrator] The men and women behind some of the most successful businesses on the high street... This is our signature dish, braised beef ragu. ...have met to hear ideas from the next generation of restaurant entrepreneurs... [woman] Wholesome Junkies is vegan junk food with a wholesome twist. I can see a Papa Fritz in Germany, Berlin. [narrator] ...who think their concept is worth big money. We require an investment of £225,000 to help us open the first of, hopefully, many great co-outlets. [narrator] Over 400 people competed for the chance to run a trial pop-up to prove their idea deserved investment. Conceptually, it's very simple to do. It's very Instagrammable. I have to say that I thought the branding sucked. [narrator] The panel chose the two ideas with the strongest food, brand and business plan. I can't think of anywhere where this will not be popular. [narrator] Then, the investors each had to decide whether they wanted to pursue the opportunity. The food offered is really strong. It screams fun. And I'd love to see it in Manchester. My name is Ewen Hutchison, and I am the owner and founder of ShrimpWreck. [narrator] The first idea to get the investors excited... A self-trained chef who believes his shrimp burgers could be the new fast food. I'm putting this together to ask for an investment of £100,000 to open up our first restaurant. Thank you. There's possibly a very good reason why no-one's done that mid-market very well, between your cheap local fish and chip shop and your slightly higher end fish offerings. He, obviously, can work out of a very small premises, which we all agree cuts down on the risk. My name's David Page. I was chief executive of Pizza Express. And I am an investor in restaurants. I'd like to go and taste the food. It looks brilliant. ShrimpWreck is extremely simple. If you've got a much more extensive menu, there are many more areas to go wrong. So, if you've got shrimp in a bun, you can get it for a very low price. It tastes brilliant. It's got massive roll-out potential. I'm always keen to check out any rising talent. So, yeah, I'd be in. [narrator] Next, an idea for a restaurant serving exclusively British produce. Welcome to Epoch. Our main aim is to bring together the best British farmers, wine producers, and craftsmen in order to bring you the most unique British experience possible. [narrator] Ruth and Emily need a sizable £600,000 to open their fine dining restaurant. I think these two young women are absolutely great. I would love to see more women succeeding in the industry. And I would love to go see what they do in Manchester. I am Lydia Forte. I work for my family business, which is Rocco Forte Hotels. Luxury hotels are often considered a bit old-fashioned and a bit behind the times, and I think it's great to be able to offer something which is exciting and new, and bring in a totally new clientele to the space. Going forward, we have to get the next generation ready, so I would love to go and check their food out, and their wines as well. My name is Atul Kochhar. I have eight restaurants of my own. When I look at some of the young people who are coming up with fantastic concepts, and they don't have any know-how of running the restaurant, I think that's where people like me come in. We partner with them because we appreciate their talent, we see their energy, we see their burning desire to succeed. And I feel that if I like the concept, I would want to invest £1 million. [narrator] The first ideas have been chosen, one high street, one high end. Two investors are interested in each idea. Epoch and ShrimpWreck could both end up with a major investment or both walk away with nothing. [Fred] Manchester has one of the most dynamic food scenes in the UK. The number of restaurants have doubled in the last five years, and now, two new restaurants are about to open for business. They've got just three days to make a big impression. Get it right, and it could change their lives. [narrator] The two ideas will take over identical existing restaurant sites, just 100 yards apart. Today, Ewen and Ruth and Emily are about to see their new restaurants for the very first time. [Ewen] This is unreal. It's a proper menu, not just written in chalk on a board. Yeah, this looks really cool. [narrator] Over the last month, they've worked with the designer to bring their restaurant brand to life. It's exactly what I had in mind, as well. Love it. Last night, it all sort of hit me. To be able to just come into this environment and to be able to pitch my idea to these investors is amazing. This is happening. This is it. Here you go, mate. Always good to know where the whisks are. You have to know where the whisks are. [narrator] Twenty-seven-year-old Ewen borrowed £3,000 from his parents to start ShrimpWreck 18 months ago. [Ewen] I hated my job. I just went, "Sack this," and quit, and then I bought myself a griddle and a fryer, 'cause that's all I could really afford at the time. [narrator] Now, Ewen wants £100,000 to start his first restaurant, and kick off his dreams of a high street chain. You know, I was looking at the market, and it's not being done. I need to do it soon, before someone else does it. And that... That's now. [narrator] Ruth Hansom and Emily Lambert were working together at the Ritz, when they dreamt up Epoch. Unlike ShrimpWreck, it's never traded. But now, for the next three days, it will be their names on the door. -Oh, my God. -Isn't that cool. [Emily] This is amazing. [Ruth] It's real. Oh, my God. It's gorgeous. All the planning and now seeing it, like, all here, and doing it with, like, my best friend is just amazing. [narrator] Chef Ruth is 22. And Emily, a sommelier, just 20. But they've already worked at one of the best hotels in the world. How I actually got into the industry is entering a competition through school. I did that when I was 16. Came to London for the national final. I ended up then, deciding, "Oh, I want to be a chef." Absolutely pitched out of North Yorkshire. It's like, "Mom, I'm moving to London." Got on a train at 16, and I've been in London ever since. Oh! I'm Emily. I'd just turned 17, and I got offered a position on the Ritz Academy. And I started in the restaurant, and then I just kind of found a love for wine, and just, the bespoke personal service the Ritz offered. [Ruth] I think the hardest thing about this industry might be the hours. And there's a lot of things you miss, like Christmas. Like, I've not been home for Christmas for the past five years, but it is worth it. Oh, I'm so excited! -Yeah. -Oh! Morning. -[Ruth] Hey! -How are you? -Good. Thank you. -Ruth, how are you? I'm Fred. -Nice to meet you. -Nice to meet you. -Hi. -Hey, Emily. How are you? -Nice to meet you. -Lovely to meet you. Are you okay? Can I take my coat off? [Emily] Yes, of course. Please, let me take it for you. -Oh, that's very kind of you. -In the role already. -Thank you very much. -Very good. -How are you feeling? -Yeah, good. Just getting relaxed, I think. Just about. Because I remember, at your age, being 20, working in a three Michelin star restaurant and opening my own place was a dream of mine. [Ruth] We're so excited. It's everything now. We've quit our jobs -to pursue this. -You have quit your job? Yeah. If you quit an establishment like the Ritz to pursue this, you've got to be pretty confident. So, tell me, what is the experience going to be like for a guest coming in through that door? We want it to kind of be very homely. We just want to give you really good food, really good wine, and make sure that comes together. What you've told me now just requires incredible organization, incredible timing and communication -between the kitchen and the front. -Yeah. But we know each other, and we can, even just with a look, we can kind of, like... [chuckles] Tell what she's saying, you know. Listen, girls, I think I better let you get on with it, 'cause you are so busy. -I better start cooking some food. -Good luck. -Thank you. Nice to meet you. -Take care. See you later. -Thank you so much. -Thank you. [narrator] Halfway through day one, ShrimpWreck and Epoch have each brought a core team with them, and they're busy prepping. Tomorrow, in just 24 hours, the investors will be arriving for lunch. Do you want to have a wee gander? [narrator] So, tonight, they will open to the Manchester public for their one and only practice run. [Fred] I'm very excited. The two restaurants are getting ready for their soft launch. Soft launch is a very well-known and established practice in the restaurant industry. For both of them, it's their chance to do one dry run before the investors turn up tomorrow. It's gonna allow them to iron all the creases out. It's gotta be smooth. [Ewen] In ShrimpWreck, Ewen wants to deliver a sit-down restaurant experience, so he's decided to offer eleven items. Almost double his usual menu. His mains, the shrimp bun, fish finger sarnie, and fish tacos will all sell for £7,50 each. [Ewen] That's the shrimp bun. -[Fred] Yeah. -Here, we've got the fish finger sarnie. How many covers have you got? Sixty-one tonight. Sixty-one? -You're joking? -No. Well, you've got your work cut out. -We'll be okay. -[chuckles] [Fred] I really like Ewen's concept. The question for me is, can he translate that street food sensation into a restaurant? Does he have what it takes to run an operation, to pay attention to details and keep 61 customers happy all at the same time? Do you want me to just pop some butter in? -Yep. -All right. [narrator] Ruth and Emily believe they'd need £600,000 to get Epoch set up and cover costs for a year before it makes a profit. But with fine dining like this, nothing comes cheap. Most of the smaller dishes, for example, the cauliflower, the eel, and the scallop are between £15 and £18. The main courses are £20 to £27. We want to support British suppliers, the small-scale people who are gonna find it hard to sustain themselves. So, for example, the scallops are hand dived, it's not dredged. And the grouse, for example, is £26, which people might think is crazy. But it's a bird that's only available for three months of the year, and that's why we've come to these prices. [narrator] These dishes sound expensive, but there's a real appetite for Epoch's style of food and wine. The fine dining sector is one of the fastest-growing markets in the UK. [Ewen] Right, I'm gonna get started on the fish. [narrator] Experienced waiting staff from Manchester are joining the restaurant teams to help with tonight's service. -How are we doing? -Ewen. -Jo. Nice to meet ya. -Sal. -Sal. -Nice meeting you. Sorry. My name's Emily. Lovely to meet you. -Emily. I'm Ron. Nice to meet you. -I'm Vesh. It's lovely to meet you. [narrator] With hours to go, both restaurants are holding a staff briefing to tell everyone about the menu and how things should run. [Ewen] Basically, the food. The shrimp bun, that's this one here. They're kind of... They're presented like open sandwiches. Tacos are grilled. And the fish finger sarnie is kind of just pretty self-explanatory. [Ruth] Okay, so this dish is a scallop dish. So you've got the raw scallop, obviously. And then, this is raw, so the tartar is mixed with buttermilk and chives. -What's tartar? -Tartar, like beef tartar. Like, it's raw and diced. [chuckles] This is pretty new to me as well, so... [chuckles] Ask me questions if you like, and I'll try and answer them. [Ruth] This one is the smoked eel. [man] So, is this all cold? I don't really like fish, or cold fish. [man] Well, chacun a son gout, as they say. -[Ron] What? -[man] Oh, it's, "each to their own taste," in French. -It's British in here, though. -Oh, sorry. [servers laugh] Wow. They only talked about the food and the wine. They were perfect at that. We just wanted to say thank you so much, and we're really excited for tonight. It's gonna be amazing. The thing that they failed to do is talk about how the restaurant is going to run tonight. What's gonna happen when the customers go through that door? What happen when they sit down? I mean, these are very simple but very crucial pieces of information for the team. I have no idea what's going to happen in here. Good evening. Hi, how are you? Welcome to Epoch. How are we all? Hey, guys. How are we doing? -Not too bad. -Yeah. From my own experience, I know how stressful a first night can be. Three fish tacos, veggie nuggets -and a buffalo prawns. -[man] Yeah. [Fred] We all think it's romantic and fun... -Hey, guys, are you okay? -[Fred] ...it's not. It's like a battle. It's blood, sweat and tears. [narrator] Tonight will be no gentle introduction. Soft launches are for half-priced food... Would you like to have a look at the wine list at all? ...so both restaurants are fully booked twice over. [woman] Two veggie burgers. If you need anything else at all, guys, just give me a shout. [man] Welcome to Epoch. [narrator] After just an hour open, Epoch is running behind. Guys, guys, I'm gonna get stressed in a second. John, have you swapped pads? Well, I had to... I moved down there and forgot about... Oh, shit, was that me? [Ruth] They've only took one table's orders. They're in the shit now. Emily looks stressed. [waitress] Sorry. If you need to jump on and take orders, do it, because people are waiting. Yeah. There's only one order been placed and a lot of people see it, so if somebody doesn't start taking orders, we're gonna get slammed in here. So somebody needs to take some orders. We should not be stressing this much. One more sole. -How are you doing, Vesh? -I'm fine, yeah. Can you do water on the end table? -Table one. -Table one. Okay. -Table one, tap water, please. -Yeah. -How's it going? -Nobody seems to know the table numbers. -Really? -Someone's just shouting drinks at me, and then I make them. Then, which customers get what? I'm sorry. D, could you take down two red wine glasses on table two for me, and I'll follow you with the red wine. -No, no, do your thing. -[laughs] Sorry. -Two red wine glasses. -Yeah. And that's the water that you asked for. And do I need to bring the red wine out to table one? Uh, to table... No, this one is for table two. [Fred] There is a rule in restaurants. Only ever give one job at a time to one person. Emily just gave two in the space of ten seconds. Not good. -Need some more drinks? -[woman] Let's find out. [Fred] So did you deliver this water to the right table? [waitress] I hope so. I'm gonna guess that... -And where are you going on this one? -I don't know. Okay, go like that. [waitress] Three more scallops, yeah? [waiter] The truffle... I'm going to explain that. [Ruth] Are you taking this to table eight? [Emily] Yeah, yeah, yeah. [Emily] No, no, no, not table eight. Not table eight. Their food's been outstanding, but front of house service, it's just appalling. The food itself, and the combinations, the flavors were really good. [customer] I know it's their first time this evening, but I'd be upset paying full price with this service. Not the food. The food, it was lovely. -Two grouse. -[John] Where to? Right. You are going to... [Ruth] I don't know what table it is because it doesn't say anything. Ewen, we've got another check. Two veggie buns, buffalo shrimp. That's it. [narrator] Ewen's about to road test ShrimpWreck before the investors' lunch tomorrow. -Would you like spicy? -Yeah, yeah. Buffalo? Hey, guys. Here you go. [Ewen] So we've got a sharing plate and the buffalo prawns. Delicious. [customer] Even somebody who doesn't like fish would like that fish finger butty. It was just gorgeous. It was really, really good. -[Fred] How are you, Ewen? -I'm good. -Are you happy? -Yeah, really happy. We seem to have everything under control. [Fred] How many covered so far? I couldn't even know. Should I know? [both laughing] No, just to think about how many you have now and how many more to come. Yeah, that's a good idea. Just maybe I'll go and count them out now. Despite my worries, it's going very well in here, simply because the concept is so simple. And they've got it sussed out in this kitchen. [call bell dings] [Emily] I'm so sorry. Were you not happy with the service? -Between the first main and the last was an hour, so... -Yeah. First main and the last main was an hour? I was hoping it was gonna go a lot smoother than it did. I think I tried to take on too many roles. Instead of looking after one of the stations, which I did, I should have been more taking a managerial role, making sure everything was smooth coming from the kitchen to the restaurant. You did, kind of, back yourselves up a bit. -At the beginning. -Yeah. We need to hit the ground running. It's been quite tough as best friends, actually. because you can see each other, like, struggling, and you just want to go and, like, give them a big hug. And obviously you can't. You gotta stay professional. [Fred] Today, Epoch and ShrimpWreck are preparing for a lunch that could change their lives. The investors are coming, and they want to know two things. One, is the food good enough? And two, can they be trusted as people? Will they deliver? Have they got what it takes? [Ewen] You know, they're here because they like the concept. So I just need to put across that I can do the job, and that's what we're working towards just now, making sure it all runs smoothly. Next, you wanna do the butter? I'm feeling quite good today, actually. Maybe a little more nervous, but, uh... Excited as well. [narrator] They may be young, but Ruth and Emily have already made history, and that's why they've chosen their name. [Ruth] Epoch actually means the start of a historical period. So, within our professions, we both think we're kind of helping to, I don't know, get the ball rolling with moving women forward in the industry. She was the first female to ever win Young National Chef of the Year. Presentation is absolutely everything. I was actually the first female sommelier ever at the Ritz, since 1906, so I'm very proud of saying that. It's nice to kind of hope you change people's views, on women in hospitality. And I think it's mainly being told we can't do it is why -we want to do it even more. -[chuckles] Biggest drive, yeah. No, no, no. No cutlery on any tables, just the butter knife. [narrator] Over the next few days, the investors will test the restaurants' customer service and business plans. But their private lunch today is all about the food. Epoch is hosting Michelin star restaurateur Atul Kochhar, who's looking to expand his UK restaurant portfolio. I became the first Indian chef to get a Michelin star, in 2001, and have never looked back. I am actually looking to invest in new concepts, but also the new cuisines. For example, last five years we have been crazy about casual dining. But I do believe that people would want to go back to fine dining. Amazing food, fantastic service, great wine list. But what people don't realize, that it's very investment-heavy business. If I'm looking for a restaurant in London, I need to have a million pounds in my pocket before I open my mouth. [narrator] Joining him, international five-star hotelier Lydia Forte, with hotels in London, Edinburgh, and across Europe. For them to impress me, I need to see that the quality of the food, and the wine list they are offering is excellent. I also want to see that they're organized and that they've thought this pop-up through properly, and that they can deliver a certain level of service. [Atul] Their CVs read like a dream, to be honest. And they both believe in British food and British wines. It has never been done before. [Lydia] If I find a concept I think is really great, I'll be fighting for it. It's hard to find really good concepts. [Atul] I'm not here for gambling, I'm here for the next great business idea. -Hi. Miss Forte? -Hi. Yes. -Hello. -Hi. Lydia. -Lovely to meet you. -[Atul] Hello. [Emily] If you'd like to follow me, I'll take you to your table. [narrator] Lunch today could mean the difference between Epoch opening as a full-time restaurant or Emily and Ruth looking for new jobs. -Here's the menu for you. -Thank you very much. [Emily] Everything is locally-sourced. So, for instance, peppercorn isn't British, so we dehydrate horseradish and use that as a peppery alternative. [narrator] On today's menu, scallops, grouse, sole and lamb loin, all paired with exclusive English wines. [Lydia] What's one of the dishes that really defines your concept? -Defines Epoch? -[Lydia] Yeah. I would probably say the grouse. Because it's kind of game season. It's quite traditional and quite important. -[Lydia] I really like grouse-- -Yeah. -...and it's actually very-- -[clicks tongue] -It's very gamey. -It's quite hard to do well, -so I'd be interested to try that. -[Emily] Yeah. Absolutely. I second that. Love it. -Scallop as well. -Scallop is lovely. I'm gonna send the scallops with the Hindleap, and then I'll also give you the Gusbourne pinot noir, which goes really well with the grouse and the truffle. Would you ever consider not having a purely British wine list? I don't think I would because then it completely takes away from our concept. [Atul] The concept you stand for. We're gonna do what we do well, and we're gonna change the dishes to match the wines. -She's lovely. -Lovely. -How she-- -And lots of product knowledge. -Lots of knowledge, really passionate. -Really passionate. [narrator] In ShrimpWreck, Ewen is preparing for his make-or-break investor lunch. I need to make sure the food is as good as it always is. That's the first priority for me. [narrator] On his guest list, one of Britain's most successful investors, David Page. He's grown some of the UK's biggest brands, including Pizza Express, Gourmet Burger Kitchen and Franco Manca. [David] What we like doing is getting involved in businesses that have very low pricing and very high quality, so they are quite easy to run. And we have lots of customers because of that. There is a straight-line graph in the UK, it's called number of units you can open in the UK, and it's entirely driven by price. So if your Happy Meal is 99p, you can open 2,500, 3,000 stores in the UK. If you are an Ivy, and you are £50 or £60 a head, you can possibly open a maximum of 30. [narrator] Joining him is Scott Collins, co-founder of burger and cocktail group MEATliquor. I think in this financial climate when people are going out more than ever they look for value for money, and that will be the food, the drink, the service. I'm interested in ShrimpWreck because he thinks he can open a restaurant for £100,000. If he can, it's quite a good trick, so I'm looking forward to learning that. -Hello Ewen. -[Ewen] Hi, I'm Ewen. -David. -[Ewen] Nice to meet ya. -How are you doing? -Scott. Scott. -How are you? -I'm good, I'm good. Come take a seat over here. -Best table in the house. -[David] Good. [Ewen] [laughs] Yes. So, we've got our menu here. The three mains that we do in the van, are the shrimp bun, the fish tacos, the fish finger sarnie. And we do squid, and we also do buffalo prawns. And everything that you do here is exactly the same recipe as what you do from the van? [Ewen] Yes. [narrator] On today's lunch menu, a sharing platter for two. [waitress] Got some fries for you. So you've got your fish finger sandwiches, your two mini shrimp buns, squid, tacos and a buffalo sauce as well. I'll just grab you some side plates as well. Squid first, I reckon. [Scott] Perhaps, on that, but I wouldn't use a dip. -Which one did you have? -I didn't. I had a bite. -Oh, you didn't. -I had it blind. [both laughing] -It's a good thing I like salt. -Christ. Good thing I like salt. -[Scott] It's just your doctor that doesn't. -No. And has this got not any salt on it? -Presumably chili, or something? -That's Cajun spice. Cajun spice, is it? Oh. [Ewen] Put a sharing plate on so they can try a bit of the... The whole lot of the menu. And, uh, I'm sure they'll enjoy it. Can I say that's so salty -I'm not going to have any more of it? -Yep. -Wow! -Thank you. So we have the grouse, uh, pickled blackberries, some roasted chestnuts, celery. And then I've kept the sauce quite light, but with the wine. [Lydia] That's beautiful. Beautifully cooked. Beautifully presented. That's the way to cook it. -[Ruth] Did we pour sauce on the grouse? -[Emily] Yeah. Did I? I did. Definitely. I can't remember. It doesn't look like I did. [Emily] So leave it. [Ruth] Just check, I don't know. [Emily] It's very quiet over here. -I mean-- -Was there supposed to be gravy with that or... Uh, yes, I think the sauce was-- -[Atul] Oh, that was... -Yeah. Very gentle. Okay. Wold you... Would you like some more? -Can I just grab a bit more? -Yes, of course. [Atul] Just want to try it a bit. Could we have a little more sauce? They were like, "Is there any gravy on it?" I was like, "There is." Fight through it. Genuinely surprised by how good this is. It's attention to detail, the flavor, the texture, the combination of ingredients. Very, very accomplished cooking. [Ruth] How was everything? [laughs nervously] Chef, that dish was amazing. -It was really delicious. -Amazing. Only one complaint, it was too small. -[Lydia] Oh, no! -[both chuckling] First impressions of Epoch, it actually blew me away. I was so impressed by how young they both are, yet, the quality of food, and the quality of the whole offering, including the wine they have managed to present. I wouldn't blink if I saw that food in a two Michelin star restaurant tomorrow. You become a chef because you want to make somebody happy, like, above everything. Um, so to actually see that initial reaction is super important. She might be 22, but she cooks like somebody who's 45. Her understanding, her depth, her precision is just mind-boggling, to be honest. I'm blown away. -Thank you. -Thank you, girls. As a customer, you couldn't have a better experience. As an investor, it is still very possible that it doesn't stack up. I've got issues with everything I've tasted so far. Some of them aren't positive. [Scott] That has got too much salt on. -The taco is... That is just-- -[David] Yeah, it's terrible. [Scott] Supermarket bought. And this, I can't taste anything but salt. -And these aren't sweet potatoes, right? -[David] Who prepared that? [Ewen] Uh... -Have... Have you tried it? -Come over and... The, uh... Do you think the quality of the fish and the prawns that you've got are really good? -[Scott] And the cooking, of it-- -Mmm-hmm? [David] What's happened there? -It's very, very salty. -Mmm-hmm, yeah. [David] And it dominates, actually, the quality of the ingredient. Is that how you'd like it? It's not. This is all new to me, you know. I'm not... I'm not a trained chef. [David] I was disappointed when I took my first mouthful. It was such a powerful taste for me, that it rather destroyed my palate for everything else I had during the whole meal. [Scott] I mean, the guy is relatively new to the business. You know, he could have fallen at the first hurdle, but he didn't. He seemed open to criticism, which was just as well. Thanks very much for your time. [Ewen] They were a bit disappointed by a couple of dishes. It was a few negative comments, but they were such easy tweaks. And I'm willing to work with it, if it means... ...being more successful, having more successful business. It's easy fixes. [Fred] The investors have now tried the food. Very good feedback for Ruth and Emily. I'm afraid, not so good for Ewen. [narrator] Tomorrow lunchtime, the restaurants will open to the public again, and the investors will watch their every move. But Ruth and Emily and Ewen still have more work to do today. [Fred] They have a high-powered meeting with the investors to review the financials and the business plan. The figures have to stack up, otherwise it might well be game over tonight. [narrator] Over half of all new restaurants fail within the first two years, so Ruth and Emily need to prove they are worth the £600,000 they are asking for. [Lydia] It could be the greatest lunch I've ever had, but if the financials don't add up, then it's a no for me. [narrator] As the investors are in competition with each other, they'll each have an hour alone with the operators to interrogate their financial plans. I think the biggest concern about both of them would be the inexperience. But, I guess, that's where people like me come in. And we can help them, mentor them, and run the business with them, for them, but, you know, if they don't make mistakes, they're not gonna grow. I went through your deck. One thing, obviously, is missing, is the financials. Okay? What average spends would you see for lunch versus for dinner? In a realistic world. About 65, 70 for lunch, and then around 90 for dinner. So 70 for lunch is quite a lot even for Mayfair. And how would you break it down then, that £70 for lunch? About £40 for food, roughly, and about £20 for beverage. Okay, so that's a glass and a half, and a coffee. -No coffee. -No coffee. Oh, yeah. Not... Not British. Their brand name is not well-known and we would probably have to put a lot into marketing them. But, I think their story is sellable, and I think we can make something out of that. If we were to go forward, would you be investing? -As in? -Would you have any money to invest in the place? -Yeah, definitely. -[Atul] Financially. Obviously, it'd be something we can discuss, I think we've both got money that... Like, obviously, depending on what was offered, we can find or... What we have already could be expanded on. When my business partner asked me to invest, I was penniless, but I re-mortgaged my house, and I put 50,000 in the business. And I know how much it can motivate a person to keep that place going because it means... That's the livelihood, that's all you have. [narrator] At the end of the meeting, the investors can choose to spell out the offer they'll make if, and only if, they decide to invest tomorrow. The way that I would invest if the experience tomorrow really goes well, and after a lot more thought on our side, to bring you in to one of our luxury five-star hotels. You would get full-time salaries, and on top of that we would pay you a small fee for the brand and the concept. And then we would offer a percentage of profits. And our expected return would have to be, ideally, within about three years, because, obviously, we could be investing half a million in it. That would be, more or less, the type of offer that we'd want to make. Yeah, that's such an exciting offer. Definitely something that we would be interested in. I'm very positive about them now, as of today. I think a huge amount rests on how they perform tomorrow. Going forward... If I was to invest in this, I think you're looking at easily £750,000. Okay? It will take about that much. But that's the level of investment I would feel comfortable going with you two. You feel comfortable with that? -Thank you. -Thank you. I'm really looking forward to tomorrow, to see how you work with a roomful of people. Tomorrow's service would be the deciding factor for me. Every business, whether it's a coffee shop or three Michelin star restaurant, if they cannot be consistent, they will not survive. [Lydia] If Atul and I are both interested, I think our offers would both be quite different. And... It remains up to Emily and Ruth to decide, you know, which offer interests them most. Let's see. A lot to play for tomorrow. Atul potentially offering, like, £750,000... -It's, yeah, amazing. -Um... Obviously, then we have to put money in ourselves as well, but is that worth it? Does that make us want it more? Lydia's offering, obviously, everything, salary-- [Emily] I can't even comprehend it. Like, pinch me. It's so surreal. We have to smash tomorrow now. Well, the pressure is on. But I'm so proud of you, okay? -Okay, you, too. -Okay, I love you. [narrator] Now, it's Ewen's turn. He's asking for £100,000. After serious problems with the food earlier, his business plan will need to be convincing. -Hiya. -How are you doing? I'm okay. Um... As you can tell, I was really looking forward to lunch. In the first bite it was rather a shock horror, -because it somehow destroyed the-- -Uh-huh. The over-salted squid. Um... You know, [stammers] I'm not focusing on these negative things, that, you know, have been brought up. And I want to tweak a couple of things. See the customers' reaction, if they're still enjoying the food as much as they did the first night. These figures, I've spent a lot of time with them. My very first restaurant, that cost 250,000. My last restaurant cost 450,000. I'd be surprised if anyone could open a restaurant for £100,000. I've got genuine interest in him, whether it's helping him or going into business, we'll see in the next 24 hours, I guess. -Pleasure's all mine. -Thanks. -Cheers, mate. -See you later on. I've made a lot of mistakes, and I'd be very happy to share them with him. And they're probably worth a lot of money because they lost me a lot of money. What is your net food cost? Shrimp bun, for example. It costs me 1,80. £1,80. -To construct the whole thing? -Yeah. -And then we, uh-- -And you sell it at 7,50. -[Ewen] Yeah. -Here. Actually, you normally sell it at 6,50, don't you? -[Ewen] In the trailer, yeah. -Right. -Yeah. -No, that's good. That's a good margin, yeah. [narrator] Scott and David will need more convincing tomorrow if they are to even think about an offer. [David] I always like to invest in things that I actually like to eat. The issue is, he's actually got quite a successful operation doing what he's doing. And I don't really-- If he's got a successful operation, why should I tell him to unspice his calamari? In various... All the companies I've got, I've got co-shareholders who will be saying to me, on my shoulder, "Hang on, you had... You didn't enjoy the first meal, why did you even go back for a second round?" And I would say, well, you know, one meal... One shot is not enough. You've got to give somebody two shots. Shit, not everyone's gonna like your food. -See you tomorrow. -Thank you very much. Yeah, yeah. yeah. I've said, you know, I'll tweak a few things for tomorrow, 'cause that's all they are, little, little things that just need a bit of changing. And he might be blown away tomorrow. Fucking hell. It's not over. [chuckles] [Fred] It's the third and final day for the teams behind Epoch and ShrimpWreck. Now, they have to prove they can run a restaurant for full-paying customers. The investors are coming in for lunch, and they will sit and watch their every move before deciding whether to invest or not. For Epoch, it might well be a fight to the death between Lydia and Atul. However, they've got to show their class. They've got to show that they can keep their cool under pressure. -Hi, girls. How are you? -[Emily] Hello. -Really good. How are you? -[Fred] Yeah, very Good. Thank you. So, how was your meeting yesterday? -Very exciting. -They really, really loved our concepts. So, do you feel energized after this meeting? Yeah, definitely. I think it picked us back up from Monday. Monday was hard, and you had to lick your wounds. -[Emily] Yeah. -But, today, you're feeling good. -[Emily] Yeah. Until about four o'clock today, we have to give everything. There's a plan B for everything. -If this happens, then we need to do this, so... -Right. It's gotta be running like a Swiss watch. -[mimics watch ticking] -[Emily chuckles] Very good, very good. I mean, anyway, the proof is in the pudding. We have to see the service. -Good luck. -[Emily] Thank you. This service could, like, change our lives, you know. If we have an amazing service, and everything goes smoothly and well, there's a potential that they are gonna offer. And if not, then we're back to the drawing board. Hi, everyone. Hi. Can I just have a quick word with you? Let's just go stand over here. Just to let you know, -a lot does depend on today. -Yeah. You guys have to be the ones that are running the show on a day-to-day basis, and so I have to feel that you're capable of that. And, obviously, I know you have great experience, -but you both are really young, so that is a concern for me. -Mmm-hmm. Yep. [Lydia] I am really nervous for them. I haven't slept a bit all night, actually. I would love to bring them in, but I genuinely cannot, unless they can manage their operations to a five star luxury hotel standard. Like, literally, that's put on pressure too much now. We've quit our jobs. We've, literally, left everything for this. We have five hours to completely impress them. I love you all and I wish us all the best. Okay. -Mmm. -Okay. -[Fred] How are you, Ewen? -I'm very good. So, how did it go yesterday? It was an emotional day, like, up and down. But, today, we've put much more time into the mix of the squid, and they just said it was a bit too overpowering. What do you mean, in terms of the spices or-- In terms of the spice and the salt. In Glasgow, they like it hot. Apparently. I'm more than happy to change it. And if it helps anything, then, yeah, we'll just run with it. It's a good attitude to have. Whatever I take away from this, it's only going to come out positive, so I'm looking forward to the service. Well, you deserve to succeed, Ewen. Good luck for today. -Cheers. -Take care. See you in a bit. -Everything's ready over here? -Yeah. [narrator] Today, they open for lunch to the public. -Welcome to Epoch. -[woman] Thank you. Do the water first. Put the water on the table. [narrator] And the investors will want to see if they can handle a restaurant full of paying customers. -You need to get the cutlery down now, straightaway. -[Ron] Yeah. [Emily] Because... Look, they're doing the dishes now. It's almost created. So, there's a shrimp bun with no bacon, that's this one. [narrator] At ShrimpWreck, Ewen's hoping the investors will see how much the public love his food. When you get in bed with an operator, you've got to make sure that the food offer stays the same or improves. I'm hoping the food will be better this time. [Emily] Hello. Very good afternoon. How are you doing? [narrator] After their chaotic soft launch, Epoch are about to charge £60 a head for lunch. Atul and Lydia will expect to see a first-class operation to match those prices. [Atul] I want to see the service. I want to see how they will perform under stress. Needs to be faultless. [Lydia] I really want to see an efficient service. This is a lot of pressure, but every day in service is going to be a lot of pressure. Hi. Good afternoon. -[man] Can I grab your coat? -Yes, please. -Hello. -Thank you. -If you'd like to follow me. -[Lydia] Thank you. So you've got roasted baby beetroot, a beetroot puree. The discs here are pickled beetroot and then beetroot crisps. -On table five-- -Yeah. Still water and two glasses of sparkling wine. [Lydia] Things look, more or less, under control. [Atul] Mmm. Is that everything, guys? And what about drinks? Do you want drinks? [narrator] Shrimpwreck is fully booked today, with 50 covers due through the door. It's very, very nice. It tastes fresh. We've got their sharing platter. We just wanted a bit of everything. Yeah, it's really tasty. [Ewen] So they've ordered buffalo prawns. Let's see if they like the sort of tweak we've done on that to lower the heat. And we've got ShrimpWreck chowder and a shrimp bun, and some of the squid to start. Right, I'm gonna go to the agitator. That looks completely different from what I just... Much better. He's tempered the heat and put less on. -It's good. That's nice. He listened. -Mmm-hmm. Once again, the actual ingredient, the base ingredient is fantastic. -It's so fresh. -Yeah, it's good. Comments card on the table. You vet that, see what they say? "Go easy on the salt." Quality of service, friendliness of staff, speed of service, appearance of staff and value for money was all very good. [Emily] Can I get table nine away? -Yeah, we're going now. -Yeah. One lamb, one turnip, mate, you've got cutlery down. [narrator] At Epoch, lunch is about to be served. I just need you floating around, topping up water, asking if there's empty dishes, -taking them. -I'll do orders now. [Ruth] Check we have cutlery. I need cutlery everywhere. -[Ruth] Good afternoon. -Good afternoon. So, we've got some Smith's Smokery eel, roasted baby beetroots, beetroot puree. And you've got some horseradish mayonnaise as well. -That's beautiful, thank you. -Beautiful. -We need some cutlery. -You need some? -Cutlery. -That would be helpful. Yeah. No cutlery here. -Let's see how long it takes someone to-- -Yeah, let's not say anything. -Maybe that's mean, but-- -No, well-- -No-one's noticed yet. -Absolutely. [Lydia] If I had two potential investors who could make such a difference, really give them what they want, in my restaurant, I would be watching them like a hawk. My view has always been that if we are sitting and waiting, it's not a good time. Thanks. Thank you. So far... Not luxury standards. [Joe] Emily, can I have a quick word? Okay, the investors' starters, they were waiting for a while 'cause nobody gave them any cutlery. -Okay. -It's okay, don't worry now, everything's fine. -We just gotta keep checking on them. -No, no, no we're... Okay. You've got a lot stored on them. Just gotta keep your eye on the ball. Stop touching me, stop touching me. Thank you. Can you just walk around and help them, please. Absolutely. [Emily] Thank you. Okay, Ron, what's happening with the investors? -Are they having wine in this course, or not? -Yes. -They are? -A taster, yeah. Can you do it for me now, please? Thank you. Thank you. So the next dish we have is the megrim sole. -Beautiful. -This is something we didn't have, so we're trying something a bit different. So I'll bring the meat plate round as well. -Does look nice, I have to say. -It does look great. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. -Sorry. -My fault. No, no, no, no. My fault entirely. [Lydia] Well, it is and isn't your fault. Should have had a tray. Should have... -Anyway, not slick. Not slick. -All right, go for it. The food came out pretty quickly, and everyone was very happy with the quality. Nothing slipped there. The service in the restaurant was a little bit shoddy. The fact that Emily and Ruth were both so involved in the service means that there is no-one casting a beady eye over all of the operations. [waitress] Hey, guys, who is having chowder? -We are sharing. -Sharing, right. I'll grab extra side plates, then. -Enjoy. Thank you. -[David] Thank you. I just think the whole thing is over-extended, probably because he wants to do this. -Is that more of it? -That's really good, yeah. You see, I'm much more interested in the actual, basic product. The basic product is absolutely amazing. And it's all the other stuff on top of it. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. The ingredient quality is brilliant, the bun is brilliant. And, almost, he shouldn't do anything other than that. 'cause it's absolutely fantastic. I think that he's extended his menu to appeal to a restaurant, and I don't think it's worked very well. I'm still relatively undecided. At the moment, I can't... You know, I can't give a verdict. [Scott] And with all the best ideas in the world, there's still no guarantee it will work. But this... It's more than a germ of an idea. It's a good start. Cheers. Thank you. As per financially investing, I'm still thinking. [narrator] Lunch is over, now the pressure is on the investors. They have to decide whether the idea is worth their money. I'm a bit conflicted, and, now, I have to go away and... ...really think hard. -Thank you so much for the lovely meal. -Thank you so much. -And the service, thank you. -Thank you so much. The lunch at Epoch was great. It's not without teething trouble, to be honest. Uh, the food was amazing, service... a bit all over the place, in my opinion. And at this stage, while it's not a deal-breaker, it's very important. I want to go away and think about it. I am not too sure at the moment till the time I have done my own maths. -How was service? -It was good, yeah. Smooth. -Look, well, that's it. It's the end of the three days. -Yeah. You came in for one thing, and one thing only, -securing an investment. -Yep. -But now, it's up to them. The pressure is on them. -Mmm-hmm. -I've given them a deadline. -Yeah. -So I've given them an hour on the clock. -Yeah. In one hour, hopefully, they will come back through that door, and make you an offer. You know, I've done what I could have. We'll just have to wait and see now. [narrator] Ewen came here looking for £100,000. If David or Scott don't return with an offer of investment by 6:30, he'll walk away with nothing. How do you feel? [stammers] Nervous. This hour is... [chuckles] Is really dragging. Dragging on. It's a crazy feeling. It's like it's just been... It's been like a little bubble, the last few days. Yeah. Just with, potentially, such a massive outcome. [sighs heavily] Ewen... I'm sorry, but... -I don't think they're coming. -Mmm. Doesn't look like it. No. Tried my best, eh? Obviously, a bit disappointed. but, you know, it is what it is, and... [chuckles] I'll still... [stammers] I'll make it happen. Keep working towards it. I'll make it happen. [David] What he's done, is taken a very good street van operation, and the advancement to restaurant level hasn't really worked. Plus, the fact my first impression was... My first bite was poor. It was a poor impression. And it never really recovered from that. If, maybe, my first bite had been brilliant, I'd chose another dish, it might have affected my whole outlook. [narrator] He won't commit money, but Scott does have ideas to help Ewen grow. I'm not ready to invest in Ewen right now, but further down the line there's definite potential. Meanwhile, I'm gonna, I think, get him more experience. see him inside various different kitchens, which I'm happy to help with. It's gonna help him broaden his horizons. And then, in three to six months, who knows, then there may be an investment forthcoming. [narrator] It's half-past 7:00, and now, it's Emily and Ruth who have to wait. Atul and Lydia have a deadline of eight o'clock to walk through the door, and make their investment offer. If they both come back, Ruth and Emily will have to choose between competing investors. [Emily] Tummy is, like, turning. -What about you? -Yeah, same. Yeah? [sighs] [Emily] I'm so nervous. [Fred] Are you? [Emily] Yeah. Are you, Ruth? Yeah, I'm fine. I'm just a little bit tense. I mean, you've done... You've done incredibly well. I mean, these three days has been a roller coaster, haven't they? Yeah, definitely. There's been lots of ups and downs. But to come this far, you know what I mean, it's a bit like climbing Everest. And you're 20. Not many people would do that. It's remarkable. I would have never done that when I was your age. I wouldn't have done it. -Is your heart vibrating? -Okay, hold my hand. Just don't squeeze it too tight. [Emily] Sorry. Atul. Hello. -Were you getting worried? -[Fred] Yes. Just a little bit. We'd like to clarify. Good to see you. Hello, ladies, how are you? [Emily] Good. [Ruth] A lot better now. Yeah. [laughs] -Good to see you. -Great to see you. Well, I think that we have to wait a couple of seconds -'cause Lydia could still come in. -Okay. And I think it's only fair. It's absolutely fair. I better put my jacket on my chair, just in case she does. [Lydia] It was a really close call for me. What worried me, at the end of the day, was the quality of the service in front of house. I just couldn't risk doing something that was less than 100%. -[Fred] So you came here-- -Yes. [Fred] You must have an offer. -I do. -Let's hear it. Let me say that it's been an amazing experience to get to know both of you, over two meals. It was really impressive. All that puts a massive smile on my face. It will be a joy to be able to work with you. So, I'm happy to make you an offer. I'm happy to invest anything between £750,000 to a million pound. But it will be a lot of hard work, girls. -Sorry. -[Atul] It's okay. [Atul] Don't make me cry, okay? -That wouldn't be good. -[Emily] This one never has emotions. But, yeah, this is, like, so surreal. Thank you so much. You're very welcome. I don't even think I can explain how I am feeling right now. I, literally, am, like, so lost for words. Thank you so much for believing in us. I'm happy that you're happy to be my partner. It's a big moment for me, too. I just don't want to cry, that's all. Don't make me cry. I look horrible. Come here, come here. Let me give you a hug. I'm feeling very happy, to be honest. I really wanted to work with these two young ladies. [Fred] Oh! My ethos has always been supporting new people coming into the industry, and giving them all the right things that they can have, to be honest. I've got a strong feeling that this pair will be the shining light for a very long time to come. [all] Cheers! [Fred] Well done. To your future, girls. -To your future. -Thank you. Amazing. Unheard of. One million pound! One million pound! Can you believe it! Just goes to show, in this industry, doesn't matter how young you are, if you put your mind to it, you can do it. So, who's the boss? Um, I guess we all take control of our different areas. -It might sound a bit of a-- -Cop out? Do you know what's happening with all these people? -Are they all waiting? -Yeah, they're all waiting. Oh, shit, the, uh, fries are off. We are running a little bit behind. -Don't cry. -No, I'm not. No. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 