Line of Duty: Season 4, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Line of Duty 
 s4e3 - Episode #4.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Line of Duty (2012–…): Season 4, Episode 3 - Episode #4.3 - full transcript 
 As shocking new evidence is unearthed, AC-12 step up their investigation in to the case against Farmer. Could the real killer still be at large? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Sorry to trouble you at home Ma'am, but we've just picked up a bystander triple-9 on an active abduction of a young female in the Moss Heath area. Been looking for him for months. We'll get this bastard, yeah? Michael Farmer, I'm arresting you on suspicion of abduction and attempted murder. Is this you, Michael? The 24-year-old man has been charged. There's a young boy might go to prison because of a crime he didn't commit. Huntley's definitely hiding something about how the case against Farmer was handled. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What, I don't know. No. There's the man you should be looking for up there. New gaffer's ready. For those who don't know me, I'm DCI Ian Buckells. I'm now running Operation Trapdoor. I do not want to pull my officer off this job. The world and his wife would know who's to blame. That's me, sir, if you're interested. Don't leave before you make an appointment. You all right? I need to go back to work. What have you got against Michael Farmer, except him being retarded enough for you to frame?! Fingertips were amputated postmortem. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 So we're surmising that Tim tried to grab a handful of his assailant. A swab of worktop blood spatter. Item Reference KRG-13. A trace of foreign DNA was found on Leonie Collersdale's partial torso. It matches to Tim Ifield. Team briefing, one minute. Team briefing. Office or meeting room, boss? Incident Room. I've been thinking we should appeal for more witnesses in the Michael Farmer case. As he's been charged, perhaps they've decided it's not necessary coming forward... Um, sorry...? Ah, Ian, join us. Joint team briefing. Operation Trapdoor and Tim Ifield's murder. I'm not being funny, Roz, but what you up to? I've cleared this with Assistant Chief Constable Hilton. - Well, no-one said a word to me. - Sorry. Kate. I've promised ACC Hilton complete discretion. I don't want him being embarrassed by any of this getting back to East Mids. Op Trapdoor -- although Michael Farmer's been charged, we're still dealing with recent developments... Just there, guys. .. namely the finding of body parts that have been matched to our second victim, Leonie Collersdale. I cannot emphasise confidentiality enough. You are not to discuss outside of this inquiry that Leonie Collersdale's body parts bore traces of Tim Ifield's DNA. We've never found any connection in the phone records between Tim Ifield and Leonie Collersdale. So we're looking for one between Tim and Michael Farmer. Maybe they were accomplices. Or maybe Farmer had nothing to do with Leonie Collersdale's murder, despite being charged with it. Ian, there's mountains of evidence. Ma'am, I've been running a check on the tools found in the flat. May I? Sorry. No, please. Thank you, Jodie. They appeared brand-new. The tools. So I've been looking into recent purchases in the local area... and I found this on CCTV... .. from the night of Tim's murder. Sir. God's sake, I'm busting. Tie a knot in it. What went on in there? Since when's it my job to do yours? If you put the report on my desk, DS Flynn, I'll be sure to take a look at it. Don't do that, sir. You sound like a dick. Yeah, well, this dick's no grass for AC-12 -- he's a DCI, and I didn't get there by sticking my neck out. I got there by letting the other buggers. Maybe that's why you're still a DS. Well, I wish I could shed more light, but I'm a bit stuck at the moment. I don't want to push Huntley too hard and make her suspicious. No disrespect to Kate, sir, it's no fault of hers, but we can't sit on our hands. Tim Ifield was police staff, was implicated in a murder, and got murdered himself. Roz Huntley's reinstatement puts her in the box seat to manipulate the inquiry just like she did with Michael Farmer. - We've got to get in the game. - Which will put Huntley on her guard. My undercover's a much more subtle approach, sir. I've never disputed I'm the blunt instrument. But this is bigger now than just being about Huntley. I'm sorry, Kate, but Steve's right. We can't exist off the crumbs off Huntley's table. Our informant has been killed. I won't rest until I find out the who, the how and the why. Sir. Opening a wider inquiry will give us access - to all the evidence Huntley's team's been gathering. - Right. Well, back to the coal face, the pair of you, - unless you've got more egg-sucking tips for your granny? - Sir. Really, Ted, there's no need. As you were. Thank you, sir. I'll come straight to the point, if I may. I'm opening a full-spectrum inquiry into the murder of Timothy Ifield and, as per protocol, there will be no reciprocity regarding DCI Huntley's investigation. I also register that my considered counsel in respect of DCI Roseanne Huntley has been, er, disregarded. Now I see why you're upping the ante. - Challenge AC-12 at your peril. - What? You didn't reinstate Huntley because you were worried that Michael Farmer's defence would make capital of the fact that the Senior Investigating Officer was replaced? It was thanks to Roz Huntley's diligence we detected Ifield's involvement in one of the prostitute murders. I'd say she's earned a second chance. And my team is intent to give Michael Farmer a second chance. And we shall see which one of us is right, sir, when we have access to all the evidence. All. - AC-12. Open the gate. - Right. Thank you. Sorry. - Ma'am... - It's OK, Jodie. Keep calm, everyone. All officers go to your desks. You'll each be questioned by an AC-12 case worker. You'll each be obliged to surrender all materials relating to Operation Trapdoor and the investigation into the murder of Timothy Ifield. Failure to comply will be a breach of your duties and responsibilities under Police Conduct Regulations and may lead to a misconduct charge under said regulations. If you've got plans, cancel them. This takes as long as it takes. File keywords are Trapdoor and Ifield. Guard the door. No-one goes in or out without my say-so. Thank you for your cooperation. All relevant files are to be surrendered for copying by AC-12 officers. - T-10. Cheers. - OK. - T-11. On you go. - Thanks. Right, you're all familiar with this image. This is what Huntley's team's been keeping from you. CCTV vidcap of the car park of a DIY superstore at 19:33 on the 17th of March. That's the night before Tim Ifield sent his final text message. Inside the store, 19:49 the same evening. He's got rid of the balaclava so as not to arouse suspicion but he keeps his head down at all times, he's put on a baseball cap. Unfortunately, this is the best image they've got. Crime scene photograph from Timothy Ifield's flat, showing tools that resemble those being purchased on the evening of 17th of March. This DIY store's located less than half a mile from Tim's flat. So this is Tim Ifield's murderer? Or... one detail from Tim's postmortem that was overlooked -- I reckoned at the time it was an incidental find -- is a number of dark wool fibres were detected in Tim's hair and nose. He was wearing the balaclava? Unfortunately, none of these items of clothing -- the balaclava, the jacket or gloves -- were found in the search of Tim's flat, so we can't link them to Tim with 100% certainty. What's our level of certainty regarding this person's ID? Well, his head's down in all the images, so facial recognition software hasn't been able to provide us with a match, but body matching gives a 90% probability it's Tim Ifield. So Balaclava Man could be Tim Ifield? Yes, sir. That's what we now have to consider. For the DIR, I am showing Michael Farmer a photograph of Timothy Ifield. Michael, do you recognise this gentleman? For the DIR, the interviewee is not responding. Michael, are you sure? Farmer denied any connection with Tim Ifield. Also we looked through all of Farmer's phone records and there's never been any contact between the two of them. Sorry, boss. I was wondering -- could there be another explanation, a simpler one? What could that be? That Tim was framing Michael Farmer. It's a valid thought, Neil, don't get me wrong. I just think it's a bit much to ask us to discount the mass of evidence against Michael Farmer. - It's mad to think Farmer's not guilty. - Yes. There is one thing we can be sure of. What's that, Neil? Whoever killed Tim Ifield, it wasn't Michael Farmer. He was in prison. We find Tim Ifield's murderer, we crack this case. Absolutely. Thanks, Neil, Jodie. You're on shift at Polk Avenue in the morning. You need to get some kip, mate. I could say the same. If Tim's Balaclava Man, why would he come to us saying Michael Farmer's not guilty? He wouldn't. He'd be content to let Roz Huntley send down Michael Farmer for the crimes he was committing. Instead, he came to us worried Huntley got the wrong man. More than that, he accused her of deliberately protecting the real offender. What? This CCTV gives us Tim's murder timeline. Tim's alive and kicking, out and about on the night of the 17th. The following morning was when Hana Reznikova - called round the flat for cleaning and wasn't let in. - Correct. Didn't you report Huntley called in sick one morning? - That no-one could get hold of her? - Yeah. That was the morning of the 18th. The morning after the last time Tim was seen alive. It's a bit of a coincidence Huntley goes AWOL - right on the murder timeline. - What are you saying, exactly? That it makes no sense for Tim to be Balaclava Man. That his accusation that Huntley was protecting the real offender could still be true. That Huntley's conduct was suspicious around the time of Tim's murder. - HE SIGHS - Look... .. I don't know how it all fits. But the timing does. So maybe we should start thinking the unthinkable. Roz Huntley isn't just involved in framing Michael Farmer. She's also somehow involved in Tim's murder. Well, you're right about one thing. That is the unthinkable. This is starting to feel like harassment, DS Arnott. Harassment, anti-corruption inquiry. To-may-to, to-mah-to. PC Bindra. Ma'am, if we may, we're taking your mobile phone in evidence. - You can't do that without an authority... - Jodie. It's a police-issue device, not my own personal property. They're at liberty to examine it without authority. Thank you, ma'am. I've got nothing to hide. Thank you very much, ma'am. You're at liberty to collect a replacement device at your convenience. Sorry, ma'am. No. No problem, Farida. Someone's come forward. From the appeal you asked us to put out. She didn't at the time cos she didn't realise the significance. She's got a story that fits Michael Farmer's offences for location and date. Great. Brilliant. Is Jodie still here? She's finished for the day, ma'am. Shall I get Neil? It needs to be a female detective. Sorry, ma'am. Couldn't help overhearing but I'm PIP level 2 and video interview trained, re: vulnerable victims of crime. OK. Let's see what you're made of. Melanie, my name's Detective Sergeant Kate Flynn. I'm one of the detectives looking into the attacks on a number of local women. Farida says you might have some new information that can help with our inquiries? This happened a while ago. That's OK. What happened? I was walking home from college through the estate. What happened to you, Melanie? A weird guy started talking to me. Weird how? He kept talking even though I wasn't answering. I just kept walking faster. Then he grabbed hold of me. I'm sorry we have to keep asking you these questions. But what else did he do to you? He said I was pretty and he wanted to kiss me, wanted me to come back to his house. What did you do? I just ran as fast as I could. And then when I looked back, he wasn't there any more. Did he give a name? I don't remember any name. Why didn't you report this at the time? I suppose I just wanted to put it all behind me. I know this has been really difficult for you. You've been a big help. What we need next from you is to help identify who this man was. I've told you, I don't know who he is. We'd set up an identity parade where we can show you video footage. We need a positive ID that can stand up in court. I'd have to go to court? No. No way. I know it's a really big thing for you to have to do. No, I'm not doing it. No way. Listen. We'll start with an identity parade. I can't. No way. I can't. It's all done by video. He can't see you. I never would have come in if anyone had told me. He could do this to someone else. We... we need your help. I wasn't expecting all this. Melanie, he's a very dangerous man. He has to be stopped. And the only way is for a court to put him behind bars. Please can you help us do that, Melanie? Brave girl. Well done. - Maneet. - Sarge. There are no suspicious entries in DCI Huntley's call history or any suspicious texts or e-mails during the murder timeline. All the calls from when she left Polk Avenue Station are from family members in her contact list. What about GPS data? Unfortunately, the phone was switched off for a large chunk of time. But the last GPS location on the 17th and first on the 18th are DCI Huntley's home address, consistent with her story of being off sick. Sorry, Sarge. Every piece of evidence that Roz Huntley's got on Tim Ifield's murder -- we go through it. Every piece, no matter how small. Funnily enough, that's what we've all been doing, Sarge. Hi, Melanie. This way, please. Thanks for coming in again. PC Nayar's going to take you through the video identification process. You'll see nine unrelated men of a similar age and appearance. All the videos are pre-recorded and none of the men are in the police station. They can't see you, can't hear you -- none of them know about who's going to watch the videos. Any resemble the man that attacked you, tell PC Nayar. OK. - Ready to start? - Mm-hm. Melanie, as we explained earlier, we're not allowed to stay in the room with you -- it has to be an officer unfamiliar with the suspect. OK. Each suspect is numbered and you'll be shown each suspect twice. At the end, I'll ask you if you can make a positive identification. Please, take a seat. This one seems dead nervous. Melanie was able to make a positive ID. - That's brilliant, Melanie. Well done. - Well done. Ma'am. Melanie. It's really great work, Kate. You delivered. If there's one reason why we do this job, that is it. We protect life. I have to inform you, Michael, that the witness was able to positively identify you from the video. Prior to the video identification, you denied the witness's allegations. I didn't mean to upset her. You're now admitting the allegations? Michael. Sorry. Yes. I'm sorry. Will you tell her I'm sorry? Yes, we can do that, Michael, but first I need to ask you what you intended to do to this woman. Why did you want her to come back to your house? I was lonely. Following a conversation with the Senior Prosecutor, I have the authority to charge you with the following offence -- attempting to cause a person to engage in sexual activity without consent. This charge will be included in the charges against you when you appear in court, namely for the murder of Baswinder Kaur, the murder of Leonie Collersdale, the kidnapping and attempted murder of Hana Reznikova. Do you understand these charges against you? Please answer. Yes. Time is now 10:20 and we're switching off the machine. I'd like some time alone with my client. I think we need to discuss the best way forward. Yes, of course. Michael. The charges against you are going to be hard to fight. We can try and fight them. Or we can consider the best way to reduce the overall time you end up serving in prison. - For Christ's sake! - All right, everybody. Look, just calm down, OK? Steve, I get why you're pissed off, but the ID process was by the book. Witnesses are eager to please. Non-verbal cues from the officers involved led the witness to identify Michael Farmer, whether she recognised him or not. Yeah, well, she did recognise him. Throw an accusation at someone like Michael, the poor bastard starts to believe he's guilty! All right, you made your point. We're supposed to be exonerating Farmer, - not sending him down for longer! - No, we're meant to be investigating Roz Huntley, Operation Trapdoor and the murder of Tim Ifield. Huntley shut you out, - so you played up to her to get your undercover back. - What?! - That's not what happened at all! - All right. Enough, the both of you. Now look. If there are concerns regarding the accuracy of this identification -- legitimate concerns, Kate, I might add -- then we can take you out, reveal you as an undercover officer and we can make them repeat the ID parade. Sir, what's happened's happened. The fact is I've finally gained Huntley's trust. By colluding in the framing of an innocent man! DS Arnott, whether this undercover continues or not is a matter entirely between DS Fleming and myself. Therefore you are dismissed. Sir. Kate... Sir, I don't know if Michael Farmer's guilty or innocent -- none of us do. My job is to find out if Roz Huntley has committed process corruption, and I've just had a massive breakthrough. I was shut out and now I'm in. All right. - Very good. Carry on. - Thank you, sir. See ya. How long we reckon before Farmer changes his plea to guilty? I've got a tenner says within the week. Ooh. Don't count your chickens. - THEY LAUGH - She's counting. Hi. I hope you don't mind, ma'am. I was on the e-mail. You're very welcome. And thanks for your contribution. - Kate. - Kate. I'm glad I could help. And listen, ma'am, I just want to apologise again for how things started with us. I was a bit of a bull in a china shop. I'm not quite that delicate. All right? What have I missed? Getting a round in. Oh, great(!) Fancy another? No, I'm driving. Oh, shame. I'll just get mine then. Give us a shout if anyone wants one. I would. Now, Kate, could I ask you a deeply personal question? Do you like curry? Yeah. Of course I like curry. I'm going to book the Dilshad. Are you in? Yeah. Definitely. Unfortunately, this means you're going back. Sorry, ma'am? Despite all the leads we've shared, there's no link to your East Mids missing person. I don't see much point in you continuing your secondment. Yeah, but... Enjoying the party? How can I help you, DS Arnott? Tim Ifield's DNA was found on Leonie Collersdale's body. You disclosed that to Farmer's solicitor yet? As you know, DS Arnott, we're only obliged to carry out full disclosure prior to the trial. Meaning you're counting on there not being one. - What, are we doing the defence's job now? - Kate. No. Just your own. Night, ma'am. You sleeping well while an innocent man rots in jail? Wanker. Who does he think he is? A tosser, that's who. Night, Sarge. All right? All right. Roz didn't come for the curry so I did an early swerve. Got your favourite, though -- lamb madras. I'll get the plates. What's the state of Huntley's marriage? I get the impression she's a boring suburban mum. All the calls to Huntley's phone on the night of the 17th, morning of the 18th, were from family members. Her phone was off, and they eventually came through as voicemails. On the 17th, there's a call from the home landline at 18:06 to her mobile. Only lasts a few seconds. A misdial, maybe? Yeah, but then they try again a couple of hours later. One of her kids, asking if it's OK to order in a Domino's. If she's telling the truth, by then her family should've known her whereabouts. The phone's home. She isn't. - Is everything OK? - Oh... I've just got to keep it protected while it heals. - Keep reading if you like. - No, no, it's fine. I saw the Italian's reopened. - That's good. - Yeah. We could go there on Friday or Saturday night if you fancied. I'm working Friday. I think Soph's got something Saturday. Saturday, then -- just me and you. Sounds great. Haven't been there for ages. Sorry. I'm shattered. No, I'm sorry. You've been under so much pressure at work. Do you want to talk about it? Thanks. I just want to nod off. OK. Yes. DCI Buckells. 'Doors opening.' Mr Arnold. Nick Huntley. Come on through. Have you been offered a tea or a coffee? I'm fine, thank you. Excuse the state, we're in the process of moving floors. No worries. Right. How can I help you? Legal advice. Well, you've come to the right place. Suppose a man was found dead and a suspect in the murder inquiry deliberately left their phone at home to avoid GPS tracking. What would you advise the suspect? We practise corporate law. Hypothetically. What would you advise the suspect? I can refer you to a colleague at a criminal law firm. It's not me I'm talking about, it's your wife. DS Arnott. Where was your wife on the night of the 17th through to the morning of the 18th of March? - Erm... - HE CLEARS THROAT Right. Presumably you are aware of the law regarding the compellability of a spouse? Normally the spouse is the one corroborating the alibi, - not undermining it. - Right. - I mean, you are disputing your wife's alibi? - Wait. No... Your wife claims she was home the 17th and 18th recovering from illness. Before I talk to you any more I would like to have a chat with my wife. Is there anything else I can help you with today, Officer? "Mr Huntley unable to confirm wife's whereabouts on the 17th/18th." No, I didn't say that. "Mr Huntley denies the above." I need to talk to Roz. I need you to talk to me, sir. Within 48 hours. Better it's voluntary than I have to come looking. This DS Arnold... why is he asking these questions? Arnott. It's a work thing. It's routine. Well, he said somebody had died. It didn't seem like routine. It's my work, Nick. So we're not discussing it? Hm, since when? There are certain sensitive aspects of my work that are inappropriate to share outside the service communication loop. You know that. Well, it didn't stop him interviewing me. They're anti-corruption. They make a mountain out of every molehill. Anti-corruption? What have you done? Nothing. Why, erm... Why didn't you let me know where you were? I told you, I left my phone at home and I couldn't call. You were at work? It was a specialist op, not many people knew about it. Well, it seems like no-one knew about it. He had the impression that you were at home ill. Roz, were you with someone? I love you and I've always trusted you, but for the sake of our marriage and for the sake of our kids... I need the truth. OK. AC-12 are investigating one of my cases. Looking for an angle to discredit me. Internal politics, 100% total bollocks. I'm sorry they involved you, but that is their kind of mind game. And the bastards get away with it cos they claim they're enforcing professional standards. You still haven't answered my question. I was working. And there ends this crappy day. I need a bath. I love you. 'Steve.' I'll call you back. DS Steve Arnott, DC James Desford. I'm putting you two together on the Huntley inquiry. Is that OK? Any questions? No. Good. Carry on. Actually, it's Jamie, not James. Great. Well, it's good to be working with you, Steve. - All right to call you Steve? - We'll see. Hi. KNOCK ON DOOR Yeah. - I thought me and Kate were doing fine, sir. - Well, of course you are, but there's just so much more ground to cover now. - And you know, the less Kate is here, the safer it is for her. - Sir. Besides, if you're going to step up, I'm going to need you to train up a new investigator. I can't have one of my inspectors gallivanting all over town chasing every last lead that's going. Go on. - Jamie. - Hi. Maneet. - Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. - My first day. - Yeah, how you getting on? Yeah, good. So when's it due? What? You're saying I look pregnant? No, no, I was... Of course I am. End of June. Tim's downstairs neighbour, the nurse, we ought to have another go at finding out if she saw anyone suspicious. What's going on here? Just getting on with things while you were out. Great. Ma'am, we've looked right back over all cases Tim was involved in, convictions that hinged on forensic evidence where maybe the offender held a grudge. - A violent offender, recently released. - And? - Nothing. - Nothing. Can you stop that?! See, there's a lot of theories kicking around here, and a lack of basic coppering. Tim's killer had to get in that flat and he had to get out. Who was in the area? Who was in that street? Who was hanging around outside that flat? Find him, and that's the whole case. It's not bleeding rocket science. Jez, how are you? Hilarious, mate. We already know who was there. Who? Hana Reznikova was the last person known to have had contact with the victim. We need to talk to her again. - Please, do it. - Ma'am. - Boss. I'll make a note of that. I hope it's not too much hassle coming in, - the hours you work. - Day off. It's a good job you didn't come in in your uniform. (Some of that lot, you know.) All right. You all right, Sarge. Er, did you meet Gemma? Tim's downstairs neighbour. - Yeah. Hi, again. - Hi. - You OK? - I'm fine. Sir, we're just going over some details now we've got - a better handle on Tim's timeline. - Right. Polk Avenue interviewed Gemma immediately after Tim's body was found, but she said they haven't been in touch since, so... OK. As we were saying, we're now focusing our inquiry on - the night of the 17th, morning of the 18th. - OK. We're hoping the fact we can be more precise will help focus your memory. Erm, the 17th I was on a late, so I would have got home around 11, if we didn't go on somewhere. - We do Malibu a couple of times a month. - That's a cool club. I got in around 11. And when did you next leave your flat? The next day I had a late, so I would have had a lie-in maybe till lunchtime. Did you hear any kind of disturbance that night? No. Right. Go back to when you got in, 11pm, the night of the 17th. No, actually, I did go out, but I came home first because I forgot to bring a change of clothes. And I called a taxi and I thought he was already there, but they normally send a text, so I realised that it couldn't be mine. Great. Great. So you witnessed a cab outside the flats around 11pm - on the night of the 17th? - I think it was a cab. Can you describe the driver? Erm, no. It was dark and I didn't really look, I'm sorry. Come on, you kidding? You've been a star. Look, anything else jogs your memory, you give me a call, OK? - Any time. - Sure. I'll show you out. Just down there. Maybe I'll see you in Malibu. If this lead pans out, I'll buy you a drink. Cheers, Gemma. (Do you have a second?) Yeah. The cab driver, he was white. That's all I could tell. I just didn't want to say it in front of Jamie just in case it sounded like I thought all cabbies had to be black. That's fine. Thank you. It's a bit crap Huntley's team never re-interviewed Gemma. Huntley's deliberately leading the inquiry in the wrong direction. If Tim Ifield isn't Balaclava Man, there's another suspect, and he's still out there. So let's be the ones to find him. Good. Gemma said the driver was white. I'll get Maneet to run cab companies for bookings round that time and rule out any ME-sounding names. Here's hoping you'll owe her a drink. That's an interview technique. I'd never mess about with a witness. I know some of the blokes do, but it's a bit desperate, do you know what I mean? Cheers, Sarge. Am I in trouble? 'Thank you for coming in to talk to us again, Hana. 'This is a voluntary interview, you're free to leave at any time.' But I've told you everything I know. 'Since your previous interview, 'we've uncovered some new evidence we'd like to put to you.' For the DIR, I'm showing Ms Reznikova item reference JHF-9, showing a DIY store car park and a figure wearing a balaclava. Yes. He looks like the man who attacked me. According to your witness statement, on the evening of the 9th of March, you were set upon by a man wearing a balaclava who forced you into his vehicle and transported you to an address on the Borogrove Estate belonging to Michael Farmer. Yes, Michael Farmer. 'We know this can't be Michael Farmer.' He was in custody at the time. We believe this must be Timothy Ifield. For the DIR, I'm showing Ms Reznikova item reference JHF-10, showing the same man purchasing a number of power tools. No, I don't know anything about this at all. Hana, we wonder if you have any idea at all why Timothy Ifield would be dressed exactly as you've described the man who abducted you five nights earlier? I don't know. 'Tim Ifield was the Police Forensic Coordinator present on the scene' when you were rescued from Michael Farmer's house. You told us he came into the cafe where you worked and asked you to become his cleaner. Are you certain you didn't recognise him? I had never seen him before. He'd seen you. He knew exactly who you were. No alarm bells rang? - No. - "No." Come on. 'When you do go into the flat,' you get a weird text telling you not to come in. Still you don't think there's something funny going on? - No. - "No." I am telling the truth. 'Would you like to take a break, Hana?' No, I'm not a criminal. 'No-one's saying you are, Hana.' 'A waitress doesn't earn very much. Neither does a cleaner. 'You needed the job, so maybe you set your suspicions aside?' No. - But you needed the job? - Yes. Hana, our inquiries say you didn't chase him up at all. Not one call or text from you to Timothy Ifield's registered mobile phone after the 18th. Why were you so happy to lose his business? I just didn't know what to do, OK? I didn't know what was happening. You were the last person we know of to visit Tim's flat. 'Maybe that's when you recognised him?' No. 'Hana, are you sure you wouldn't prefer to take a break? 'We don't mind.' We're just confused. For the DIR, DCI Huntley has entered the room. - Farida. - Ma'am. For the DIR, DCI Huntley, I've taken PC Jatri's seat. The interviewee does not appear oppressed by my arrival. - Hana? - Yes, I'm fine. Thank you, Hana. Let me explain. Since we first interviewed you, certain things have become part of our working hypothesis regarding how Timothy Ifield met his death. Forensic evidence very strongly suggests he was wearing a white forensic oversuit at the time of his death. Fibres in his hair and nose suggest he'd been wearing a balaclava. He was in possession of not only a number of power tools, but also a set of kitchen knives. As a woman, I can well imagine the level of terror if I were to encounter that situation. I wonder if a woman went to Tim's flat... she entered... .. Tim appeared as I've described. This woman would quite rightly be in fear for her life. This man clearly intended to assault her, kill her, dismember her body. If she put up a fight, she would not have committed a crime. This woman was already traumatised by a recent abduction. It was self-defence. I didn't do what you say. This woman was terrified. If she confessed, would a court believe her? She didn't have long to make up her mind. She could lose her job, her family. She might be deported. But she knows how to clean. I didn't do it. Help us to help you, Hana. Let us search your home. Let us rule you out as a suspect. You want to search my flat? It's done by a specialist team. They won't damage anything. - Anything they need to take away will be returned to you. - No! You're refusing to permit us entry to your flat? I haven't done anything wrong. I'm sorry, Hana, we really need to search your flat. Jodie, Section 18. Do it. DCI Huntley leaving the room. Hana Reznikova, I am arresting you in connection with the murder of Timothy Ifield. This arrest meets the necessity test under Code G of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act, namely the prompt and effective investigation of an offence, permitting a lawful search of your address as part of our inquiry. Interview them, asked them what they saw. One sec. I'm just after some background info on an item of evidence from Tim Ifield's flat. KRG-13. Forensic samples were taken on the 23rd March. Stored overnight and then sent to the lab the following morning. She went to the Forensic Office. What's she up to? I spoke to an FI after she'd gone. Kate was asking for details about item reference KRG-13. You know what that is? It's the isolated blood spatter deposit found at Tim's flat. The FI who had handled it had mistakenly wrote KRG-30 and then corrected it to KRG-13. And what did they make of that? Oh, it was noted, but no concerns have been raised. Sounds like a slip of the pen. Yeah. What do you reckon she's up to, ma'am? Ambitious DS, that's all, wants to impress her gaffer back at East Mids. - Not that there's anything wrong with ambition. - No, ma'am. We should do a drink soon. It'd be good to have a natter about your plans for the future. I'd really appreciate that, ma'am, thank you. - Bye, ma'am. - Bye, Jodie. - Kate. - Ma'am? Relax, Kate, it's good news, I hope. I've been reviewing your secondment here. We need manpower and you're a fully trained detective. I think I can make a case for extending your stay with us. Assuming that appeals? Yeah, absolutely, ma'am. Thank you. - It's great working with you. - Likewise, ma'am. - Night. - Night. The overwriting was noted at every stage of the evidence being handled. It doesn't appear anyone was trying to cover it up. Still we should make a confidential request to examine the original samples ourselves. It's a crucial item and any irregularity... Is something to throw in Huntley's face? This isn't personal. She's at the centre of everything. I just want to get to the truth. Me too, mate. See you soon. Kate, Roz is asking for you. What's going on? Just got the report on the search of Hana Reznikova's flat. Item reference AS-9. The search of your flat detected banknotes in the sum of £5,900 concealed in a kitchen cupboard. Item reference MHM-27. Search of your household waste detected multiple used condoms containing semen from multiple males. 'How do you account for these findings?' (No comment.) No comment. 'Items referenced JF-3 to JF-7.' Examination of bed linen and bath towels detected DNA from multiple males one of which matched control samples held in the police database, said DNA belonged to Timothy Ifield. What was Timothy Ifield doing in your bed, Hana? (No comment.) No comment. Item reference AS-24. The search detected an unregistered mobile phone. Unlocking of said phone provided a call history containing four calls between you and a number whose user we've been unable to identify. The first call occurring on the 16th March and the last on the 18th March. What was the nature of these calls? (No comment.) No comment. 'Hana, we've got evidence strongly suggesting that you've been 'engaging in sexual activity for commercial gain.' We've got calls on an unregistered phone that presumably you used 'to arrange these encounters. 'We've got evidence Timothy Ifield was present in your flat, 'presumably for sexual services.' Now this unidentified unregistered phone that you had calls with on four occasions... .. were these calls to and from Timothy Ifield? (No comment.) Hana, wake up. We're carrying out an investigation into an unsolved murder. Now if you didn't kill Timothy Ifield, telling us that this was a phone of his that we know nothing about yet, that would really help us. And it may help prove that you weren't his murderer. 'Hana, frankly, right now for you this is a lifeline.' It was Timothy's phone. 'Brilliant. Thank you.' 'But I wasn't harming anyone.' You have ruined my life. 'No, we protect life.' Great. It's good work, guys. Just because they had sex doesn't mean Hana killed Tim. True. But he invited her back to his flat. She hadn't been there before. We know that because we didn't detect any of her DNA or fingerprints in his flat. He gained her trust, lured her there to kill her. She killed him in self-defence. We're a whisker away from finding the evidence we'll need to charge her. It's all falling into place. The only hole is proving that Michael Farmer and Tim Ifield were accomplices and then we've cracked the whole damn case. Yes, ma'am. We've got this lead now on Tim's burner phone. Chances are we're going to open up a whole new can of worms about - what he was up to in the time round his death. - Hopefully. - Yeah. I'm afraid I've drawn a blank on taxis picking up from Tim Ifield's street on the night of the 17th. - Right. - But... I've been looking at traffic camera footage from that night. This is a junction a quarter of a mile from Tim's flat. I didn't spot a taxi, but I looked for vehicles resembling a minicab. And this dark Mercedes E-class saloon passes through at 23:31 heading in the direction away from Tim's flat. And here it is earlier that evening at 18.36 heading towards Tim's flat. Any chance we'll be able to read the reg? I've sent the images for enhancement. I'll let you know the moment I hear back. Cheers, Maneet. Well done. Holding. Anyone had further contact from Huntley's husband? Not that I know of. He can't say I didn't give him a chance. 'You've reached Nicholas Huntley of Webber and Barratt Partners LLP. 'Please leave a message.' Mr Huntley, DS Arnott. AC-12. We need to talk. You've excelled yourself, Roz. Thank you, sir. Trapdoor's been the toughest months of my life. I appreciate the backing you've given me, sir. You were a star in training college, then you put your family first. I'm only putting you back where you belong. What are friends for? Hm? Thank you very much, sir. Sorry. 'Mr Huntley, DS Arnott. AC-12. We need to talk.' He's gone to see Huntley's husband. Anything I can do? Image enhancement got a reg number on the vehicle seen near Tim's flat. I need to tell Steve right away. Mr Huntley, DS Arnott, again. 'I was hoping you'd have come back to me by now' on the matter we discussed. I've spoken to a colleague of mine, a criminal solicitor, called Jimmy Lakewell. 'I think it's best that you go through him. L-A-K-E...' Mr Huntley, are you refusing to 'cooperate with a lawful police investigation?' 'This is DS Arnott, please leave a message.' Sarge, we got a reg on the car. It belongs to a Nicholas Huntley -- Roz's husband. Maneet, just call him again. 'This is DS Arnott, please leave a message.' I'm outside your office. 'Wouldn't it be better to discuss all this face-to-face?' Listen, Mr Huntley, with respect to the 17th of March, we've got strong circumstantial evidence your wife wasn't at home - 'as she claims.' - Erm, I've got no comment to make. I'm giving you the opportunity to say something now before this gets extremely serious not just for your wife, 'but for you too, sir.' Steve, we need you to call in. Nick Huntley could be dangerous, OK. Nick Huntley could be dangerous. Call in. Please, you should talk to my solicitor. I'm going up to the 5th floor. 'L-A-K-E-W-E-L-L.' Where did she claim she was that night? That night your kids left a voicemail on your wife's phone asking permission to order a takeaway. If they're calling her, where were you? 'I'm thinking you weren't where you said you were. 'Mr Huntley?' Think about your answer. You've got one minute. I'm on my way up. 'Doors closing. 'You have five new messages. Message one.' 'Sarge, we got a reg on the car. It belongs to a Nicholas Huntley. 'Doors opening. 'Doors closing. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 