Line of Duty: Season 4, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Line of Duty 
 s4e2 - Episode #4.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Line of Duty (2012–…): Season 4, Episode 2 - Episode #4.2 - full transcript 
 Kate's interview with Michael Farmer exonerates him from one of the murders, the victim's remains being found in woodland, whilst Ted and Steve continue to question Roz, who sticks to her story that Farmer is the culprit. Discrepancies in her account of things lead to her being taken off the case and replaced by Ian Buckells. However, when Ifield is discovered Roz over-rules Steve in taking charge of the murders, allowing her to tamper with evidence, incriminate Ifield as killer and discredit AC-12 . Kate meanwhile finds a link between Hana and Ifield, who employed her as his cleaner. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The bystander that witnessed the abduction described a suspect of average height and build wearing a dark balaclava. HELP! He tore out my earrings. These appear to have been the most significant finds at the crime scene. There's a very subtle point you've probably missed. Trust me, I haven't. There's a lot of evidence to go through. But we need a breakthrough. Michael Farmer, I'm arresting you on suspicion of abduction 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and attempted murder. The 24-year-old man has been charged in connection with the murder of Baswinder Kaur... .. the disappearance of Leonie Collersdale, and the abduction and attempted murder of a third woman. Evidence may have been planted. Evidence may have been suppressed. The man they've charged could well be innocent. There's facts... and then there's the truth. A detective under that kind of undue pressure can sometimes bend the facts, to suit the expectations of his, or her, superiors. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We trust our officers to conduct themselves with professionalism and integrity. As of now, we are investigating Roz Huntley's charging of Michael Farmer. Sir. AC-12. See you again, DCI Huntley. DS Kate Flynn. I've been placed on temporary secondment to your team, ma'am. - I get muddled sometimes. - Do you want to stop the interview, Michael? I'd like you to desist, please, while I take this up with your senior officer. As you wish, ma'am. Huntley's definitely hiding something about how the case against Farmer was handled. What, I don't know. This is the man I'm convinced killed Baswinder Kaur, Leonie Collersdale, and abducted Hana Reznikova, and framed Michael Farmer for everything. And Roz Huntley has stopped everyone looking for him. What have you got against Michael Farmer? Except him being retarded enough for you to frame! I'm at Blackthorn. The DS from East Mids, she's with Farmer again. 'God's sake.' Yeah, I'm trying to get hold of DCI Huntley. 'Right.' - She didn't come into work this morning. - ID, please. 'OK. I'll get back to you.' Michael, I need to ask you some questions about Rikki Neville. I've learned that she had a boyfriend that lived in Moss Heath. That's where she went the night she disappeared. Moss Heath, isn't that where you live, Michael? Michael, you don't have to stay and speak to DS Flynn. You can leave at any time. Or if you do speak to her, you're still under caution. Anything you say can be used in evidence, don't forget that. I want to help. Yes. DS Twyler. Have you got DCI Huntley there with you, by any chance? 'Uh, no, not seen her, she's not here. She's probably at home.' I've already tried her home number. Nothing. ['Sorry.'] All right. Cheers, anyway. Ta. For the tape, I'm showing the interviewee a CCTV image. This image was also taken in Moss Heath, the night another girl went missing, Leonie Collersdale. Maybe this man knows something about what happened to Rikki Neville? What I'm wondering, Michael, is if you might know who this man is? OK, we'll leave it there. I've remembered the name of the hospital. What's that, Michael? I said I want to help, and I've remembered the name of the hospital. 'You told your employer it was a hospital... 'St Anthony's.' 'St Anthony's.' 'But we checked St Anthony's, 'and they've got no record that you were there that night.' 'We want to get to the truth, Michael, 'but it's very difficult if you can't provide us with the right...' As you were. Sir, I got a tip-off from Kate about a possible alibi. Under the pressure of interview, Farmer gave the wrong hospital. Michael Farmer was actually admitted to City General Hospital on the night Leonie Collersdale disappeared. He wasn't discharged till two days later. Well, let's see what DCI Huntley has to say about that. - Start drafting a Reg 15. - Sir. - DS Twyler. - DS Flynn. - Hi, Rupal. - Hiya. A body's been found. A woman. Where's Tim Ifield? He's not on shift. Stuck with me, I'm afraid. Any idea who she is? From what there is, we've done pretty well to identify her as female. She's been dismembered. - Is Roz on her way? - Haven't got hold of her yet. OK, well, the first body parts were found there and there... DCI Huntley's not answering any of her numbers. Her Federation rep's had a go, too. Sorry, Sarge. Has anyone checked with Resources if Roz has been given last-minute leave or time off in lieu? It'll be summat with her kids. No-one dobs in the boss. What are you talking about? Yeah. Thanks, Rupal. I'll talk to you later. Right. Sum total of the find is the torso, divided into two sections plus one arm. I've asked Rupal to fast-track DNA, see if we can match the body to Leonie Collersdale or to Kate's missing girl, Rikki Neville. - Jodie, you OK to liaise with Rupal? - Yes, ma'am. - Right. And Neil, best to let the Collersdales' FLO know that we've found a body, but absolutely not to say anything to the family till we know more. Boss. Everything all right, ma'am? Sorry, I really wasn't up to coming in earlier. I think I've picked up some kind of bug. Grim night. Sorry to bring you in. - This can't wait. - Sir. I got an e-mail earlier. AC-12 are going to serve you with a Regulation 15 Notice. Ted Hastings, usual story. He's got a bee in his bonnet. As good as told me you've been under disproportionate pressure to secure charges against Farmer. Executive pressure. I'm the one who's been shielding you from all the flak over Trapdoor. We're in this together, shoulder to shoulder. Huh? It's bad enough the kids being on another planet... Sorry? We eat later so we can sit down together. Lost my appetite. Anything to do with last night? You'd just gone when I realised you'd left your phone at home. Yeah, I checked my messages this morning. The kids called. Why weren't you in? I was having a drink with Jimmy. So it's OK for you to have a drink with your mate, but... - it's a problem if I'm at work? - The kids were fine. Couldn't you have borrowed someone's phone, - to let us know where you were? - We were chasing a lead. The body that was still missing. Leonie Collersdale. You found her? Some of her. I should have borrowed someone else's phone. It got late and... .. I just didn't want to wake up the whole house. - Sorry. - Hey, now, hey, don't be daft. I'm just worried about you, that's all. - Have you cut yourself? - It's fine. I just caught it on some brickwork. I'll be fine. I'll warm that up for you. AC-12 interview of Detective Chief Inspector Roseanne Huntley, in the presence of her Police Federation Representative... DCI Mark Moffatt. Interview by Superintendent Hastings, Detective Sergeant Arnott. For the DIR, the screen shows Michael Farmer, currently remanded in custody charged with the murder of Baswinder Kaur, the murder of Leonie Collersdale, and the kidnapping and attempted murder of Hana Reznikova. In respect of evidence against Mr Farmer, our first consideration is item reference AP-5, Hana Reznikova's clothing, Document 5 in your folders. Hana's clothing yielded item reference HLA-8, that's Document 6 in your folders. HLA-8 also matched fibres found on Michael Farmer's clothing. It appears Farmer managed to dispose of the jacket, but fibres were still left on the clothes he was wearing - at the time of his arrest. - Fibres? DCI Huntley has the right to be questioned by an officer at least one rank senior. Yes, but you take DS Arnott's point, don't you, DCI Huntley? Only ONE fibre was found. I mean, that's pretty meagre, wouldn't you say? Given that our man's meant to have bundled that wee girl into his car, transferred her across town, and then locked her up in his house? Nonetheless, it's still evidence proving Farmer was in physical contact with Hana on the night of the abduction. Actually it's evidence he might have been in contact with a black item of clothing, and as the jacket was never found, we have no definitive match to the one used in the abduction, added to which, a single fibre is more consistent with cross-contamination. That's correct, isn't it, DCI Huntley? It's more likely that a stray fibre contaminated Michael Farmer's clothing during his arrest, transfer, or custody? Sir, I took scrupulous measures to prevent cross-contamination of forensic evidence. That's why I'm certain this fibre is proof of physical contact between Farmer and Hana. Well, Hana described her attacker as wearing a balaclava. No fibres consistent with a balaclava were detected in Michael Farmer's hair. That doesn't mean he wasn't wearing one, just that we didn't find any fibres. Absence of evidence isn't the same as evidence of absence. Yes. There you go. It couldn't be more clear in respect of the foregoing. You just admitted to an absence of evidence. Document 9. Document 9 is a signal strength triangulation map carried out on Michael Farmer's phone in respect of 9th of March from 20.30 to 22.00. Said triangulation shows the phone remained within the mobile phone cell covering Michael Farmer's grandmother's nursing home until he went to start his shift at 22.00. The map also shows the location of Hana Reznikova's abduction. Seems like your man wasn't in the right place at the right time. Just because the phone was there doesn't mean Farmer was. And there are no witnesses to Farmer loitering near his grandmother's nursing home for an hour and 45 minutes. He left it there the whole time? We really don't know what he did with his phone, sir. No calls were made in those hours. And yet the phone was back on his person by the time he was arrested? Yes, sir. Hana Reznikova was abducted using a vehicle found in the vicinity of Michael Farmer's home. Yes. Michael Farmer doesn't hold a driving licence. He's never held a driving licence. He's never owned a car, neither has his grandmother. I'm familiar with those findings, and naturally, I gave them consideration. Farmer's had ample opportunity to learn to drive informally. In his neighbourhood, it's not uncommon for motorists to drive illegally, without a licence or insurance. Come on, that's an assumption, and a pretty big one, if you ask me. I mean, have you witnesses to Michael Farmer being able to drive? Inquiries are ongoing, sir. "Ongoing." Document 11 in your folders. Item reference TJI-1. Item TJI-1 is a pair of bloodstained earrings. They were found in Michael Farmer's home. The bloodstains were swabbed. The blood matched a control sample taken from Hana Reznikova. They were Hana's earrings. Farmer ripped them out, before leaving Hana to die in the fire. And she would have, if I hadn't have gone into the burning house and saved her. DS Arnott. Item reference TJI-2 is a hairgrip. At Michael Farmer's home, we also found said hair grip bearing DNA matching Baswinder Kaur, and a necklace bearing DNA matching Leonie Collersdale. Tests indicated carpet fibre deposits present on other items recovered from Michael Farmer's home address were absent on the items specifically linking Farmer to the previous victims. Those items were trophies. I took the view that Michael Farmer took special care of them, keeping them in a safe place, keeping them clean, and for that reason I discounted the carpet fibre profile. There was also a boot print relating to a person unknown. There was nothing that connected the boot print to the personal items. Like the carpet fibres, on the balance of evidence I discounted it, in favour of the compelling evidence against Michael Farmer. On screen, image 47. Image 47 is a CCTV capture made on 25th of January showing a figure known informally as Balaclava Man. Now, have you determined that this suspect is Michael Farmer? He's a sufficient match in terms of body size and shape. Most likely, this is Michael Farmer. And can you tell me how you went about determining whether or not to charge Michael Farmer? Standard protocol, sir. I spoke on the telephone to the Senior Prosecutor in the Complex Case Unit. I outlined the evidence, and she authorised me to charge the offender. And was there any other evidence that you brought to the attention of the Senior Prosecutor? What evidence? Contrary evidence. - As the phone call wasn't recorded... - Yeah, I know that, fella. That's why I'm asking the organ grinder, not her monkey. I believe I've presented all the evidence. Believe? DCI Huntley strenuously denies tampering with evidence. No-one's suggesting anything of the sort. More a matter of presentation. We viewed the MG5 and MG6 you submitted electronically to the CPS. The MG6 didn't refer to any solid evidence that would undermine the prosecution case. Basically, you sold the prosecutor on the evidence in favour of Farmer's guilt, played down the evidence against. Are you proposing that I should have disregarded the powerful evidence against Michael Farmer, and released a potentially dangerous offender back into the community? No, no. That is not what we are talking about here, Detective Chief Inspector Huntley, as well you know. We're not mind readers. We don't know whether Michael Farmer is guilty or not. All that's expected of us as police officers is that we do our duty to the letter of the law. The letter. Now, you were a bit of a high flier in your time, Roseanne, weren't you? Graduate entrant. Fast-tracked for promotion. DI before you were 30. Then you hit the wall. I started a family, sir. You stood still while other people kept climbing the ladder. Operation Trapdoor's an extremely high-profile inquiry. Get a result, it puts your stalled career back on track. You were under pressure, weren't you, Roseanne, to get a result? - No, sir. - Pressure from the top? - No, sir. - Come on. No movement for months? The press telling women the streets aren't safe? Come off it. I discharged my duty correctly, and the matter is now in the hands of the courts. The matter, DCI Huntley, is whether or not you knowingly and willingly hoodwinked the Crown Prosecutor into authorising charges against Michael Farmer, despite there being good reason to doubt his guilt. I've got no doubt about Michael Farmer's guilt. No? DS Arnott. Document 17 in your folders. Transcript of interview with Michael Farmer. When asked to account for his whereabouts around the time of Leonie Collersdale's disappearance, Mr Farmer referred to a hospital admission. He misled my detectives. He's an emotionally and intellectually vulnerable suspect who got a detail wrong. Follow-up by AC-12 proves Michael Farmer was a hospital in-patient at the time of Leonie Collersdale's disappearance. DS Neil Twyler reported to me that Michael Farmer had given this new information in a post-charge interview. Michael Farmer's routine is that he visits his grandmother between 7.30pm and 8.30pm every night and starts work at 10pm. Farmer visited City General Hospital at 11.30pm on the 25th of January. Leonie Collersdale was last seen just after 9pm. This gave Farmer sufficient time to carry out the offence, and subsequently to attend the hospital in the effort to fabricate an alibi. Furthermore, the hospital found nothing wrong with Farmer. He was discharged, which fits with the whole thing being a deliberate deception. No, no, no, no. No. Look, this is information you should have known earlier, DCI Huntley, far, far earlier, and in my view, the reason you didn't know it is because you were itching to charge this suspect, come what may. That's an inflammatory accusation. Federation rep or not, you will address me as "sir". And as far as I'm concerned, DCI Huntley, two hours is an extremely narrow margin for our fella to abduct that wee girl, transport her across town, do away with her, and then get himself up to the hospital. DS Arnott. Image 47 again. The man you say is Michael Farmer, despite his partial alibi. Biometric analysis of the suspect. Estimation of the suspect's height is limited by large error margins. However, the camera angle permits accurate estimation of the suspect's shoe size. I haven't seen this before. Where did you get this? The suspect wears size tens. Michael Farmer wears size eights. Is someone going to tell me where this came from? Our source is confidential information. Item reference TJI-9, the previously mentioned boot print detected at Michael Farmer's home. Size ten. No match to any footwear belonging to Michael Farmer. There's the man you should be looking for up there. Sir, I am very grateful for this new information, and... I will order my team to look into it without delay. Ah, well, that's great, but the issue here, DCI Huntley, is whether you're fit to be the one giving those orders. Now, in my opinion, you have failed in your lawful duty to consider exculpatory evidence, and I am fearful that this young fella, Michael Farmer, may suffer a miscarriage of justice. Therefore, I'm going to recommend to your senior officer that a new Senior Investigating Officer be appointed to Operation Trapdoor, and that you be reassigned. This interview is terminated. How many ops as big as Trapdoor have you ever run? Thought so. 'You were a bit of a high-flyer in your time, Roseanne, weren't you?' 'Graduate entrant. Fast-tracked for promotion. DI before you were 30.' 'Then you hit the wall.' 'I started a family, sir.' Yeah, you stood still while other people kept climbing the ladder. Operation Trapdoor is an extremely high-profile inquiry. 'Get a result and it puts your stalled career back on track.' 'This is Tim Ifield. Please leave a message after the beep.' Tim, Steve Arnott. I know you're on days off, but I need you to return my calls. We're looking deeper into the evidence in the Farmer case and I need your input. Thanks again for the biometrics -- they worked a treat, mate. Call me, OK? - All right. - All right. - I didn't know you were in. I just listened to the DIR of your interview with Huntley. She isn't the first SIO to buff evidence... - She took it badly. - Is that how it seemed to you? Congratulations! Ah, thanks, Maneet. What's that? Only gone and passed the National Inspectors' Exam. - Congratulations. - Cheers, mate. I didn't know you'd entered. Well, I kept shtum in case I went down in flames. I know it's a bit soon, but I took so long getting my act together to make DS, I'm not going to let things slide. - You're coming up on the rails. - Yeah, you... - Better watch out. Well done, mate. Kate. Well. This is great news. Congratulations. Well done. Thank you very much, sir. I mean, you know, it's great for you, reflects well on the department, and, er... I shall be taking my fair share of the credit, don't you worry. [But, you know...] Anyway, I think we should find a bit of time and maybe, you know, we could discuss your future. Yeah, I'd like that, sir, thank you. I'm following the shift pattern of my undercover, but I could do a drink one night? Erm... Or in the office next week. Yeah. That's the ticket. Anyway, look. Well done, again. - Thanks again, sir! - Yeah, really well done. Look lively. New gaffer's ready. - Morning. - Morning, sir. - Morning, sir. For those who don't know me, I'm DCI Ian Buckells. And for those who don't read the Chief Super's e-mails, I'm now running Operation Trapdoor. First order of business, a possible alibi for Michael Farmer and some biometrics relating to Balaclava Man. DCI Buckells? DS Arnott. Come with me, please, sir. - Now, you know who I am, don't you, son? - Yes, sir. You were a DI at Kingsgate nick during an undercover operation that was carried out by one of my team in 2012. The officers she's working with at present have all been vetted, but none of us could anticipate that the new senior investigating officer was going to be you. Now, I do not want to pull my officer off this job and I'm sure you don't want to see all that time - and money and effort to go up the spout, do you, son? - No, sir. Because if it did, the world and his wife would know who's to blame. - Yes, sir. - Yes, sir. That's the spirit. 'This is Tim Ifield. Please leave a message after the beep.' Hi. Has Tim Ifield come back to work yet? He hasn't been returning my calls. Negative. Received. 'Hello?' Police officer. I'm sorry to trouble you. Could you let me into the building, please? Thanks, miss. Stay where you are, please. Tim? Steve Arnott! Tim? Steve! - When did you see him last? - Not for a few days. Stay out and control access. In with me. You're not getting anywhere near this. Calm down, mate, what do you expect? Crime's up on the box and it's one of their own. What's it look like up there? You've got an interest and I get that. This should be handled by an external team if only for welfare issues. We're three DSs and one DC. Who put you in charge? This has all gone through my gaffer. You want to take it up with him, be my guest. What did you expect, mate? We had to tell our gaffer. - Who's in charge here? - I am. - You're relieved. Wait. What authority do you have? This isn't Operation Trapdoor. I'm Duty DCI on Major Violent Crime. Jodie, can you get a decision log up and running. - Yes, ma'am. - Neil, scene log. - I've already got a scene log going. Once we've got the scene log up and running, you can sign in, we'll go up for a recce. No way! No. No. You're not going in. Great. Please, stand down. You've been given a lawful order. If DCI Huntley doesn't put you on paper, I will. Principal point of entry. Damage due to forced entry by police officers this afternoon under Section 17, Preservation of Life. Looks like the offender did a pretty decent job of cleaning up after himself. You OK? Go ahead. These tools, whatever they were for, haven't been used. Cause of death looks like the neck laceration. Nicked the jugular vein. Not much blood on his clothing, considering. He'll have taken a while to die. From the signs of a clean-up, he could've been moving around. Distal portions of second, third and fourth digits of right hand have been amputated. I'll just have a look round the other rooms quickly - and then I want to get the team in, if that's OK? - Fine. - FC. You're good to come up. - 'Received.' You're taking it worse than me. I didn't realise you were so close. Just when it's someone you know. Senseless. Action area seems to be round the body. Not much in the way of spatter, but swab what you can, plus all potential points of entry. DCI Huntley. We should talk outside and let the forensics crack on, yeah? Blood splatter. Brilliant, Kevin. - Let's get this spatter photographed, marked and swabbed. - On it. DCI Huntley. Very good, sir. Well done, everyone, I'll be on the radio outside if you need me. Yeah, it's OK. I've got this, DS Arnott. Thank you. Are you feeling unwell, DCI Huntley? He was one of our own and it's already been a stressful week. Yes. In which case, DS Arnott's point about the value of an outside investigation is well made. With respect, sir, I disagree. This is our patch, our victim, our specialisation. In my considered opinion, we're best qualified to handle this. Hang on a second. I'm the senior ranking officer here, darling. Yes, you are, and I'd thank you to use gender-neutral language, and remind you that this is a fresh investigation bearing no relation to Operation Trapdoor. You're at liberty to take this up with my supervision team. But in the meantime, I'm going to get on with finding the bastard who did this. Sir. Look, we all knew Tim Ifield, but it's important we don't let our emotions get on top of us. We still need to do everything by the book. That wee girl has just turned the corner with me. No way can she run this, sir. All right, back to work. Tim Ifield was our best asset in clearing Michael Farmer. - We've just lost him. - Superintendent Hastings. Look, why don't you take yourself off home. Yeah? Nice one, ma'am. AC-12 leaving with their tail between their legs. That's the swab of worktop blood spatter. Item reference KRG-13. 'Yeah?' 'Tim was convinced there was a conspiracy to protect 'a suspect in the offences' Michael Farmer's been charged with. Sounds like a motive to kill him. Or another suspect wouldn't be the only person to benefit. What do you mean? Is there any way Huntley could have known about Tim coming to us? 'Not that I know of.' And you said in her interview she was repeatedly caught out by evidence supplied by Tim. 'I don't think she had any idea Tim was talking to us.' 'Can't talk now, I'm at work.' - See you. - Cheers. See you. - Is all the evidence back from the crime scene? - Yeah. Would you do me a huge favour and see if they found a laptop or mobile phone? Yeah, OK. - Hey, Kev. - All right, mate. Yeah, but don't tell me you couldn't use the exercise. Cheeky bugger. You can talk, a bit of running around wouldn't do you any harm. Night, night, mate. Good night. Sorry. - No mobile or laptop found. - Oh, well. Thanks, anyway. - Long night. - No worries. Night, night. I thought I heard your car ages ago. I got called out again straightaway. I didn't want to wake you. Fingerprints and DNA detected at Tim's flat all matched Tim Ifield, no-one else, unfortunately. What about the blood spatter found on the worktop? KRG-13. Sorry, ma'am, that matched to Tim Ifield's blood as well. OK. A thorough search of the flat failed to recover Tim Ifield's mobile phone and laptop computer. So we can assume that the killer stole the phone and the laptop. Is there a track on the phone? The last recorded position was Tim's flat, so whoever took it was smart enough to switch it off. That's frustrating. Maybe Tim had been in communication with the killer? - I've been in touch with his service providers... - Yes? Someone's come up in his contacts. Who? Who? 'We're going to record this, Hana. Is that OK? - 'Yes, of course. - Thank you. - 'Would you like a tea or a coffee? - I'm fine, thank you. 'OK, Hana. I'm DC Jodie Taylor.' The limitations of your secondment have been agreed. Timothy Ifield's murder is nothing to do with you. With respect, ma'am, Hana Reznikova was supposedly the intended third victim. If anything's a link to my case, this is. 'We'd like to ask you some questions about a man named Timothy Ifield. 'Do you know the name?' 'Yes. 'How do you know him?' He was a customer at the cafe where I work. And I leave out business cards for my cleaning work and he told me he needed a cleaner. And how many times did you go to his flat? Only once. He told me to come when he was home so he could explain to me what work he needed me to do and we could agree the price. And did you see Timothy Ifield that day? - No. - Why not? He texted me. 'We have a text message from Tim's phone to yours. ' "Ill. Don't come in." ' Yes. 'A few seconds later there was a second message. ' "Sorry! Will call later to fix new appointment." 'Yes. - 'And did he call? - No. 'I suppose I thought he'd changed his mind about the cleaning.' Did you know Tim Ifield in any other way? Did you know what work he did? Anything else he was involved in? No. 'Tim was on site the night you were rescued from Michael Farmer's house.' Do you remember him at all, Hana? No. Whatever Hana knew, Tim definitely knew who Hana was. Yes. What was he doing, getting her round his flat? This has come as a shock for all of us. Thanks for letting me in on this, ma'am. Look, I know we've had our differences, but for what it's worth I don't think they'd have replaced you as SIO if you were a bloke. '.. locks had been tampered with? 'No, I don't think so. 'Have you received any unusual calls or e-mails since then? 'No.' Huntley's relented a bit as far as I'm concerned and I've managed to get eyes on Tim's communication history. Fortunately, nothing connecting him to us. Turns out that Tim was a bit of a security nut, so there was nothing backed up online either, according to his ISP. There's nothing suggesting he alerted anyone but us about the possibility of another suspect in Michael Farmer's offences. Also zero communication between Tim and Huntley in the time before his death. Their last communication was professional, e-mails about forensics sent on the night of Farmer's arrest. Since then, nothing. Right. Is there any clues as to what Tim was doing getting Hana to come to his flat? No. It's a blank. We're running background checks on Hana, but she still appears to be an innocent party. Her explanation holds up as to why she was the last person contacted by Tim. Either Tim sent the text himself, or, if he was dead already, the killer did. Well, that fits with the phone being stolen by the killer. Tim had a hi-tech security system installed in his flat, and the cameras fed direct to his computer. There's no images stored anywhere else. It's another reason we need to find his phone and computer. - Yeah, we do. - Night, mate. - Night. Hi, it's DC Taylor again. I have an ISP address. It's timothy.j.ifield. Ifield is I-F-I-E-L-D. I'll phone you back. No. Please, as you were. Firstly, the Chief Superintendent and I would like to express our condolences for the loss of one of your forensic coordinators. DCI Huntley, good to see you. We're going to do everything in our power to find his killer. We're delving into his personal life, sir, explore that angle. Also looking at the possibility this is some kind of revenge attack, sir. Recently released offenders Tim might have helped put away. He was such a decent, hard-working bloke, sir. - It's so hard to fathom a grudge. - Of course. - Right, well. Carry on. - We'll find the culprit, sir. I wonder if I could have a moment in private, sir? You've not responded to any of my calls regarding the decision to replace me. You need clarity. But it's AC-12. It's out of my hands. I'm on a tight schedule. I'm sorry. Moving on. Operation Trapdoor. - Sir. - Ah. Any new leads, Buckells? The body parts we found are the partial remains of Leonie Collersdale, the second prostitute that went missing. Unfortunately they were clean of anyone else's DNA. Small mercies, at least we're allowed to call them prostitutes again. Got you a big pint of that cats' piss that you young fellas seem to like so much. - That whisky's probably older than me. - Aye. And all the better for it. No, I just thought this would be a... a better way for us to discuss your ambitions. I know that if I put you on a case, you'll see it through to the bitter end, come what may. - Thank you, sir. - And stepping up to inspector, it's, er... .. same proposition. There's no half measures. I'm ready and able, sir. Whatever it takes. Do you mind if I ask if you're having a meeting with Kate, too? I can hardly meet her for a drink, can I? An attractive young woman like that. How would it look? I might as well be seen running around with one of Pan's People. - Anyway, it's good to talk, sir. - Oh, yeah. - Your health. - Yeah. - Tim Ifield's postmortem report. - Great. Cause of death was exsanguination, following a wound to the neck that severed his jugular vein. Now, it's a shallow wound so possibly there's a question mark over the level of intent. Also a partial thickness burn on the left hand with traces of cooking oil. The shallowness of the burn, though, suggests this was accidental and related to a frying pan found at the scene. Furthermore, defensive wounds on the hands support a struggle of some kind. Bloodstaining of Tim's clothing was disproportionately low, suggesting an outer layer of clothing was removed. And white, high-density polythene fibres detected on Tim's clothing suggest he was wearing a forensic oversuit at the time of death. As you know, sir, they're designed not to lint, which suggests he was involved in a struggle. It sounds like the killer was worried that the suit - was contaminated with his DNA. - Most likely, sir. His fingertips were amputated postmortem, presumably as part of the killer's forensic clean-up. So we're surmising that Tim tried to grab a handful of his assailant. Yes, sir. Tim might've realised his wound was fatal and he probably did his best to contaminate the killer with his blood and to get some skin cells under his fingernails. Unfortunately for us, the killer was wise to it. He disposed of the clothes and then he disposed of the fingers. There are no witnesses to anyone entering or leaving the premises. - But we can construct a basic profile of the killer. - Very good. Pre-mortem pattern of injuries suggests the killer and Tim got into some kind of altercation. And he took the time to carry out a comprehensive clean-up of the crime scene. The only anomaly is he didn't remove the body. - What are you thinking, son? - The killer was disturbed. Most likely this was Hana Reznikova when she arrived at the flat to carry out cleaning work. And something else? Or the killer was incapable of lifting the body. Small, or female, or both. It's only a possibility, sir. We are in no position to consider Roz Huntley as a suspect, not without cause. - I think we should keep an open mind, sir. - Well, that's a given. We should run a parallel investigation, sir, into Huntley and into Tim's murder, with zero reciprocity. - Kill two birds with one stone. - Kate's close to her. Let's see what she brings back first, all right? DS Twyler from Polk Avenue Station. I'm chasing up an admission on 25th of January. Michael Farmer. Ma'am, I need to follow up on a couple of points from your interview. Put them in writing. You'll get an answer in ten working days. The longer our inquiry takes, the longer you're out in the cold. What do you want? How would you describe your relationship with Tim Ifield? We were colleagues. Not close. But we respected each other. Certainly, from my side, that's how it seemed. You think he thought different? - Who knows what people think of each other? - That your answer? We didn't talk much, didn't socialise. So you've never been to his flat? Yes. To investigate his murder. I mean while he was alive. No. OK. Thanks, ma'am, that's been very helpful. Ideally, I'd like to come up to the hospital and talk to 'anyone who can account for the whereabouts 'of Mr Farmer on the night of the 25th...' - Oh, OK, that's a pain. - Rupal? Sorry, is this a good time? - E-mail me when you've got it. - OK. - Thanks. - What's up? - I heard we didn't find any foreign DNA on Leonie Collersdale's body. Pisser. We did a thorough job. Would you mind having another go? DCI Buckells is SIO now. Sorry. Rupal. I'm not broadcasting this... .. but I'm asking for it in relation to Tim's murder. I don't see the connection. At this stage of the inquiry, it's highly confidential. I'm sorry. - Would you mind? - Uh, sure. OK. Thanks, Rupal. Come in. Ah, Kate. Yes, thanks for coming in. Hmm. I've considered your application. And you really are a tremendous asset to this department, but I just think you need to develop your leadership qualities a bit more before I can support you for inspector. I'm sorry. Right. I see, sir. Will it be Steve? Well, look, in my view, he just has those extra years under his belt. You know what I mean. It was a close-run thing, Kate, - very close indeed. - Thank you, sir. - That raises the possibility that this person... - Morning. .. is involved in the murders of the two prostitutes and Tim Ifield. Any further progress on finding the rest of Leonie Collersdale's body? Sorry, boss, no more biological material was found at the scene. Although no more biological material was found at the site of Leonie Collersdale's body parts, there has been a significant new finding... - Yes? - I'm not sure I should say it in front of everyone. This was from further tests ordered by DCI Huntley. - What are you doing interfering with my operation? - I'm not. So what is this significant new finding? Everyone needs to be across this. Come on. Go ahead, Rupal. A trace of foreign DNA was found on Leonie Collersdale's partial torso. - ID? - Yes. It matches to Tim Ifield. - What we just heard does not leave this room. - Jesus Christ! Stop. Move. - Beast's made a right mess for himself. - I didn't do it. - Someone else must have. - Beast makes a mess, - Beast gets to live in it. - I didn't do it. I didn't do it. We're all in shock. That's why I wanted to include you, sir, before someone makes a rash move. Thank you, Roz. Do you have a hypothesis yet? Naturally, we're asking ourselves questions about Tim Ifield's private life but, frankly, sir, I'm struggling to make sense of it all myself. - Understood. Absolutely. Well done for keeping a lid on this. - Sir. - Thank you, Roz. - If I may, sir? There's also the question of who was the source of AC-12's case against me. In my interview, they said it was confidential but we found Tim's flat full of conspiracy theories and it occurs to me the most likely informant was Tim Ifield. In which case, his credibility is completely undermined. I'm worried Tim Ifield was deliberately confounding the investigation to cover his tracks. And now AC-12 are doing his work for him. Between you and me, I was never happy with AC-12's recommendation to replace you. Thank you, sir. Still, Operation Trapdoor belongs to Ian Buckells now, and he's looking at evidence exculpating Michael Farmer. Will he find any, do you think? The best he's got is a boot print from Farmer's home and that, in itself, does nothing to overturn the weight of inculpatory evidence against Michael Farmer, even if we do now have to examine Tim Ifield's role in all this. AC-12's inquiry seriously threatens the force's credibility. And if I were to go against their recommendations... if I were to reinstate you...? I'm convinced Tim Ifield's murder and Michael Farmer's crimes are connected. I believe I've demonstrated complete discretion. No-one looks good if it comes out one of our forensic staff tampered with evidence. No-one looks good if it comes out we've charged the wrong man. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 