Line of Duty: Season 4, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Line of Duty 
 s4e5 - Episode #4.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Line of Duty (2012–…): Season 4, Episode 5 - Episode #4.5 - full transcript 
 AC-12's future hangs in the balance after Hilton bars them from investigating Roz Huntley. But Roz's problems are building closer to home. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 He did not slip and fall down three flights of stairs by accident. And you were the only person who knew he was there, Mr Huntley. You're linked to the near-death of an anti-corruption detective. And You were hanging around outside a crime scene. Is there any chance that this could be Nick Huntley? I'm not sure if he's the one attacked me or... maybe I'm remembering an old case. I'm sorry, sir. What have you got against Michael Farmer, except him being retarded enough for you to frame?! That sample, KRG-13, was tampered with. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 He was one of our own. I'm going to get on with finding the bastard who did this. Hana Reznikova was the last person known to have had contact with the victim. Hana Reznikova, I am arresting you in connection with the murder of Timothy Ifield. You cut yourself? It's fine. I just caught it on some brickwork. We're going to take a swab. Is that necessary? You should see a specialist. I have the authority to charge you with the following offences. Namely for the murder of Baswinder Kaur, the murder of Leonie Collisdale, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 the kidnapping and attempted murder of Hana Reznikova. Michael, the charges against you are going to be hard to fight. Or we can consider the best way to reduce the overall time you end up serving in prison. Come on, he'd change his story if he thought it'd help. You're claiming the FI says whatever the investigating police officer wants to hear? You're putting words in my mouth. - Say that again, DC Desford. - You're put... Is DS Flynn an undercover AC-12 officer? You see the pattern here? Sexism, undercover operations, and questionable evidence. You should have seen his face. He had no idea where I was getting the ammunition. This is a signed authority from Assistant Chief Constable Hilton, recusing AC-12 from your inquiry into me, my team and the above offences. - Ted. - Sir. There's an institutional failure to admit error here, sir. Actually, it's a wilful effort to bury allegations of wrongdoing, and, to cap it all, the only department that's trying to get to the truth, mine, is the one that's been recused! You're right, Ted. There has been a failure -- to provide sufficient evidence against Roz Huntley. Plus she's levelled credible accusations against your undercover officer of entrapment, of coaching witnesses, possibly even of manipulating charges. My officers conduct themselves to the letter of the law, sir, the letter! So you didn't have a deeply corrupt officer embedded in your department for two years? No-one regrets more than me, sir, not seeing through Matthew Cottan's deception. Cottan's dying declaration, I want the full recording handed over to me. - Morning, Jan. - Morning, sir. Sir, my department operates under the protection of no reciprocity, as well you know. That part of the recording was released because it pertained to court proceedings. The rest was withheld, and will continue to be withheld, in case it alerts those officers who are subject to our ongoing lines of inquiry. You've had a year to pursue the claims made in Cottan's dying declaration. Where are all the suspects, hmm? This alleged clandestine network of corrupt police officers in league with organised crime? Arrests? None. Charges? None. Yes, well it's not without the want of trying, sir, believe you me! It's clear to me, sir, that there are officers, and possibly some senior officers, still active, who were aware of and/or complicit with Matthew Cottan's offences, who were aware of and/or complicit with an institutional cover-up. AC-12 is being met with a conspiracy of silence. We're not in on it, we're trying to break it! Failing to break it. Roz Huntley's proved you're an ineffectual organisation. - A corrupt organisation. - Sir, I must protest! Do you know, Ted, my guess is that we don't know the half of Matthew Cottan's activities and the real reason you're keeping that full recording secret is because of the ammunition it'll give AC-12's critics. Untrue, categorically untrue! Now, you can't say I didn't give you a chance, Ted. I'll be reporting to the DCC and the Chief Constable that AC-12 is more damaging to the Police Service than the officers you're meant to be investigating. Just hold your back straight. OK. Keep your head up. Good. You're doing great. Take it nice and slowly. That's it. Keep the back straight. Keep it going. I'm all right. Your injuries were extremely serious. The X-rays showed that we've done a good job with your legs and pelvis, but your MRI showed that there's still significant swelling at the site of your vertebral fracture. I'll be walking, though? At this stage it's not possible to rule out long-term mobility problems. I wish we could be more positive. Thank you. DS Arnott's attacker. The thing is, boss, the lab's put the images through the software and there's a decent chance Arnott's attacker is the same person captured in the original sighting, the night of Leonie Collisdale's disappearance. Thanks, Neil. Well, it's possible. Of course it is. But it calls into question Michael Farmer's guilt. And what we're hearing is that Farmer's on the verge of changing his plea to guilty. And regarding Timothy Ifield's murder, still the only person we can actually place at Tim's murder is Hana Reznikova. Thank you, everyone. Sarge? The boss is so keen to pin Tim's murder on Hana, whilst Balaclava Man's still out there. You know AC-12 interviewed her husband over Arnott's fall. And who's seen in the vicinity? Balaclava Man. - Sir. - Remain at attention. DS Fleming here, someone blew her cover. Thanks to whoever that was, Huntley's entrapped me into discrediting the investigation. Yeah. Now I told you, fella, if ever there was a leak, we'd know it was you. Do you have any evidence? You've got a bloody nerve. See, undercover officers have a life span. There comes a time when they've been deployed once too often, they get recognised, or they lose their touch. She knew stuff about my personal life. She got that from someone. How the hell would I know anything about your personal life? Wasn't me, sir. Get out! Get out of my sight! Go on! You lot treat everyone like mugs. - Who's the mug now? - Get out! It's worse than I thought, sir. How? They're not scared of us any more. Not only that, Buckells is right. Fat chance he knew anything about my personal life. What? Somebody in here? No. Never. Polk Avenue, Major Violent Crime Unit, PC Jatri. Could you hold the line please? - What is it? - A woman's remains have been found. DCI Huntley. - Hi, Roz. - So what have we got so far? Body parts wrapped in plastic bin-liners. We're only a quarter of a mile away from where the body parts of Leonie Collisdale were found. So this must be the rest of her, right? Except these remains are nowhere near as decomposed as Leonie's. The wrapping in bin-liners is also a contrasting feature. Most likely this is someone else. So far we appear to have a leg split in two sections, an arm similarly disarticulated, possibly more to come as we extend the dig. First priority is to get an ID. Sure. Less decomposition, more recent. And how long's Michael Farmer been in custody? Sir. Someone to see you, in your office with Kate, if that's OK? Yeah. Who? - He wanted to introduce himself, sir. - Oh, right. Steve! I hope you'll forgive me if I don't get up, sir. It's great to see you, but, you know, you really shouldn't have put yourself out like this. This isn't a social call, sir. I'm returning to work. I've tried to tell him it's too soon, sir. Look, I've had an assessment with occupational health and they've given me the all-clear to return to restricted duties. This is just a precaution, sir. The doctors have said I'll make a full recovery. Great. Well, I can't say that I'm not glad to see you. There's been a few developments since you've been away. Yeah. I've brought him up to speed, sir. Roz Huntley can't be allowed to mislead the investigation. And ACC Hilton never said anything about not investigating Tim Ifield's murder or Nick Huntley's movements that night. If Nick Huntley's involved, we'll be the ones to catch him. And if he's involved, you can bet Roz Huntley is too. Well, what are yous waiting on then, the number 19 bus? Sir. Take your time, Nick. The 25th. Yes, I was at a work function in Northampton that evening. Yes. And I bet there are loads of witnesses to corroborate that? - Yes. - Great, thanks. I hope that's covered. Anything else? Do you have any of your officer's DNA on my client? You all right? Do you want a tea or coffee? No, I'm fine. Thanks for asking. All right, well, if you need anything, just call me on the mobile, save you having to... you know. Kate. Nick Huntley's alibi -- has someone actually checked that out? No, while you was away we stopped being capable of basic police work. Sorry. Actually, with all the files being recalled, it could've fallen through the cracks. I'll double check. Cheers, appreciate it. There's no evidence he's the man who attacked you. I know. OK. Nick Huntley claimed, via his solicitor, that he attended the legal conference's closing drinks reception and didn't leave till around 8pm. However, no records were kept of attendance at the drinks function, so there's no independent corroboration of Nick Huntley's whereabouts at that time. But ANPR detected the car registered to Nick Huntley on the M6 at 18.15. He's been lying. And the motorways were clear that evening. He had plenty of time to carry out the offence. Great. - Great, cheers, Maneet. - That's great. Thanks, Maneet. Great work. So he was under pressure to come up with an alibi and he took a risk. All we've actually got though is he's been caught out in a lie. Cheers, Jamie, we've got this. That wasn't his fault the Roz Huntley interview went pear-shaped. The gaffer brought him in while I was undercover. I'm back now, and so are you. I need to get ready for work. Have you been to the doctor? Yes, and I'm fine. It's starting to stink, you know, that thing on your wrist. That thing is just a graze... .. and it's fine. Jamie, sorry, just had a message from IT. We need to reset usernames and passwords, again. Yeah, sure. The FC's on her way down. Looks like she's got the first results on the new remains. Good. Just give me a minute. All right, boss. Everyone in the incident room. - Go ahead, Rupal. - Thank you, DCI Huntley. Forensic report regarding human remains detected on the Queen's Chase woodland on the 23rd of April. Remains have been examined by the pathologist... And matched control samples relating to... .. Leonie Collersdale. - It's Leonie? - Yeah. Well, that's great news. Thank you. This is not a new victim. So another family doesn't have to deal with a terrible tragedy. And also, we do not need to consider another suspect. OK. Thanks. Sorry, boss. Rupal, question. At the crime scene, you said the degree of decomposition was different from the rest of Leonie's body parts? DS Twyler's correct. The pathologist found evidence of deep-freezing of the remains. The body parts must've been kept in cold storage before being buried. And weren't there other differences? Yes, the remains were wrapped in paper and then sealed inside of plastic bin liners. We've taken samples, and studies are ongoing to see if these materials can provide any leads on who might have handled them or where. - OK. Thank you. - Thanks, everyone. Michael Farmer's legal team have made an application to change - his plea to guilty. - For Christ's sake. From his viewpoint, the evidence just keeps stacking up. I know, I know. His solicitor must have told him to cut his losses and go for a reduced sentence. But one of you have got to visit that prison and tell Michael Farmer that we are fighting his corner. Sir, sorry, after everything that's happened, why would Farmer trust a word either of us say? The word of any police officer. We're just waiting on your solicitor. You know, Michael, there are other solicitors, better ones. The first time, about Jade... .. I liked him. Your solicitor for your first conviction? OK. He might not be the best person, but I can check him out for you, if you'd like to see him? Sorry, sorry. Michael, I've arranged for you to have a visitor. Nana. Hello, Michael. It's lovely to see you. I've missed you, Nana. Michael, I'll see you after. I'll leave you all to catch up. How are you managing, Michael? It's horrible in here, Nana. I've always cared for you. That won't change, no matter what. You can tell me the truth. You can tell me, and I won't stop loving you. I know. Did you do it, Michael? Did you? No, Nana. No. Then tell the truth, Michael. Don't say you're guilty if you're not. OK, Nana. Say it, Michael. Not guilty, Nana. Not guilty. PC Jatri. 'Roz, this is Dr Patel from Starbrook Road Surgery. 'I need you to call me back urgently regarding the swab I took 'from the wound on your arm. 'Please go straight to your nearest A&E; immediately. I'm sorry to interrupt, ma'am. The application from Michael Farmer - hasn't gone to the court. - What's the delay? They're saying he's not planning to change to a guilty plea. OK. Thanks, Farida. Ma'am. Framing Michael Farmer couldn't have been random. It's no coincidence Michael had been on the sex offenders' register. A loner with no-one to provide an alibi, who follows a predictable routine -- out every night to visit his grandma, then clocks in on the night shift. Yeah, but we went through the records way back. Roz Huntley never had anything to do with Michael's prior conviction, she never even worked with anyone who did. So how could she have picked Michael? You know what they're going to say, don't you? Because we couldn't pin your fall on Nick Huntley, we're going after the pair of them for something else. Yeah. - Thanks, mate. - It's all right. - Getting good at this. - Cheers. - I'll come up. - No, you're all right. My building's got a lift. You sure? Yeah. I'm fine. Night, Kate. Night, Steve. Sarge, you asked me to track down Michael Farmer's solicitor from his conviction when he was 16? Yeah, for whatever reason, Michael seemed to like him. You'll never guess who it was. Kate. What did I say about there being no such thing as coincidence? Mr Lakewell, you're Nick Huntley's solicitor, is that correct? No. I just provided him with a bit of legal advice, as a favour. How would you describe your relationship with Nick Huntley? We were at law school together. Old mates. You socialised? Yes. Your wives socialise with you? I'm divorced, but, yes, we mix socially. What's behind this line of inquiry? Do you know the name Jade Hopkirk? Nope. Doesn't ring a bell. "Mr Lakewell denies knowing Jade Hopkirk." "Detective attempts rudimentary interview technique on "seasoned criminal solicitor. "Makes a bit of a tit of herself." We're looking into who knew about Michael Farmer's past, who might have considered him a likely suspect for offences against young women. Jade Hopkirk was the alleged victim when Michael Farmer was convicted of rape in 2009. Yes, of course, now I recall exactly who you mean. I represented Michael. He pleaded guilty. He had sex with a 15-year-old girl, without her consent. That's rape. He pleaded guilty because he was guilty. Was it your idea not to test that out on a jury? What went on between myself and my client is privileged. So you never discussed the case with Nick Huntley? Or Roz Huntley? Exactly. As you'll recall, sir, at his interview with AC-12, Mr Huntley declined to answer questions regarding his whereabouts for parts of the evening of the 18th of March -- the night of Timothy Ifield's murder. Can you vouch for his whereabouts? Listen, Ironside, you've got no evidence against Nick, so I don't have to. Fine. Come on, Steve. Jimmy? I've just had AC-12 turn up at my office, asking questions about Nick's whereabouts on the night of Timothy Ifield's murder. What did you tell them? Nothing, obviously. I thought you and Nick should know. Good. Thank you, Jimmy, and no need to tell Nick. I'll let him know. I've already sent him a voicemail. Should I not have? No, that's fine. Thanks. Thanks again, Jimmy. You've reached the personal voicemail of Assistant Chief Constable Derek Hilton. You said AC-12 were finished. You said their witch-hunt was finished, but they're still after me. My husband, his solicitor, any backdoor route they can find. You don't know what this is doing to my marriage. Well done. I'm finished. I feel drained, sir. It's not long till the start of my maternity leave. I see. Things are beginning to get on top of me. And the timing couldn't be worse. I really need all my best people, you know. The last thing I want to do is let you and the department down. I see. Well, if your mind's made up. I wish you all the best, darling. - Thank you, sir. - Yeah. I'd appreciate if you don't say too much to the team. I don't want anyone making a fuss. Listen, thanks for meeting me outside the office. Yeah, any time, mate. Oh, and thank you for the voicemail last night. I don't know where AC-12 are going with this, but I had to let you and Roz know. Did you get chance to talk it through last night? Actually, no. Oh? No, this is why I wanted to meet you outside the office. Me and Roz... .. it's a bit messed up right now. It's a lot messed up. I've been there, the divorce. Sorry to hear that, mate. It's more than that. Roz has been lying to me about where she was when Tim Ifield was killed. She has this wound on her arm from the same night. I've got tangible concerns that she's involved in a serious crime. My God. I'm at my wits' end, mate. God, of course. Really sorry. If you want me to, I can sort it. Voluntary interview, anonymity, independent police station... immunity. If -- big if -- you want me to. That was the solicitor talking. As your friend, I'd warn you that even if your concerns turn out to be baseless... .. this could mean the end of your marriage, the end of your family. No happy ending. Come in. Ah, Kate. Sir, this is an IT report. I asked them to detail any searches or downloads of any sensitive case material carried out by AC-12 staff in relation to undercover operations, in the last two weeks. If you go to the entry on page six, sir, I found this instead. I'm very sorry, sir. No, no, no, no, you did the right thing, absolutely. - Thank you, Kate. - Sir. - Thank you. DC Desford. - Sir? - Yeah, come in. Shut the door. Sir. Now, tell me, for what reason have you been... accessing highly sensitive AC-12 files, namely DI Matthew Cottan's dying declaration? - I haven't, sir. - No? No, sir. This wasn't me, sir. For years, the security in this department has been watertight, fella. Absolutely watertight. Then you come along, suddenly we're leaking like a colander. I know what this is about. First I'm scapegoated over the Huntley interview, now this. I could fight this, but I don't want to be somewhere I'm not wanted. So I'll take a transfer, sir. It's definitely the smartest move right now. And I hope you'll approve my request, sir, so I won't need to lodge a complaint. Are you threatening me? No, I've been treated unfairly, sir. And just for the record, I had absolutely nothing to do with any security breach. Sorry, I didn't mean to startle you. No, I was miles away. Come on in. I thought you should see this first. The material wrapped round the body parts was newspaper. - Mm-hm. - Some fragments survived sufficiently for the print to be legible. We were able to run sections of text through a search engine to find matches with online editions. All were nationals, so there's no localising information. However, the dates are significant. Some text related to news reports that only went to press at the end of March. As you know, Michael Farmer was remanded in custody and Tim Ifield was already dead. Right. Shall we go through all this in a team briefing? We've got something else on just now. Will you leave it with me? Sure, no problem. Let me know if there's anything else I can do. Right. Roz? You OK? Nick? Lying on a beach? Lying on a beach... Lying bitch. Hi, Rupal. Anything I help you with? - Roz not in? - Not seen her yet. Well, I'm only around this morning. I didn't want to miss the team briefing. What team briefing? About the new findings. Leonie Collersdale's remains having been disposed of after Michael Farmer was remanded. I see. Neil? I've got one thing to say, and we don't ever meet again. And no-one... .. no-one ever hears my name. Sorry to call you back in so late, sir. I've got a source at Polk Avenue. Now we're sucking diesel. Go on. OK, so, he, or she, insists on anonymity. They won't go on record and they won't cooperate with any inquiry. But what they did say is they've received new forensic evidence showing Leonie's remains were buried after Michael Farmer was arrested. There's no way Hilton can still back Huntley after this. Yeah, and erm... Yes, what else do we know about these new forensics, Kate? Well, it appears they've been held in cold storage, probably a deep freeze, for some time before being buried. But this new evidence gives us a clear reason to reopen the inquiry into Huntley and get the charges against Michael Farmer dropped. Steve? Steve, are you OK? Body parts held in cold storage. Jackie Laverty, a property developer with ties to organised crime, last seen 2012. Yeah, the piece of work that Tony Gates was hanging out with. According to Gates, Jackie's body was kept in cold storage, with incriminating DNA. A means of blackmailing an officer into manipulating criminal investigations. Exactly what's been done with Leonie Collersdale's body. - What, you think they're connected? - Well, there's more, sir. The man who attacked me, he was wearing a balaclava and he struck me over the head with a baseball bat. Now, I wasn't sure if that was a real memory or I was confused with an old case. That old case was the men involved with Jackie Laverty's murder. If you remember, I was attacked by some of them. They wore balaclavas and they used baseball bats. And Tony Gates, the only witness to Jackie Laverty's murder, told me men wearing balaclavas broke into Jackie's house and knocked him out cold with a baseball bat. The MO's the same, sir. It raises the question as to whether these organised criminals are involved in the murders, or are manipulating the investigation somehow. Whether or not they're protecting guilty parties... That's what we don't know. Anyway, thanks, Steve. And, Kate, you better get home and get some kip. Look, wait, sir. Jackie's disappearance -- this was our case and it remains unsolved. We've got every right to reopen it. And as they may be connected, that might give us leeway to examine the forensics on Leonie Collersdale's body. It's your call, sir. Hilton may use this to shut us down. He may. But if we go down... .. we go down fighting. Sir. What are you doing? Just making sure everything's as it should be. Why am I here? Your husband wants to explain everything. I'll be back with an antibiotic injection. How are you feeling? What's going on? Roz, they had to operate. I just want to go home. - Hey, listen, listen, come on. - I just want to go home! You're going to hurt yourself, Roz. Just listen to me. The wound was very deep. The tissue was dead and the infection had gotten into your bloodstream. They call it septic shock. If they didn't operate, you could've died. There was no choice. Oh, no! Shh, shh! Hey, hey, hey. - Shh. - Why didn't you stop them? They had to operate, to save your life, Roz. Why didn't you stop them?! She's still very woozy, poor thing. It's a lot to take in, no wonder. - Steve. - Oh, cheers. (Jesus Christ.) Kate! Kate! Our independent forensic scientists confirm the second set of body parts relating to Leonie Collersdale shows cellular freeze-thaw damage similar to what we believe was done to Jackie Laverty's body, and also that the newspaper found wrapping the body parts has been dated to after Michael Farmer was remanded and Tim Ifield was killed. Great. That's in the bag. Confirmation. But what's even more significant, sir, is he was also able to examine the deposit of Timothy Ifield's blood supposedly detected on the first set of Leonie Collersdale's remains. An item of evidence we've not had direct access to before now. And? That blood deposit's contaminated with the same high-density polythene fibres from a forensic oversuit as the blood found at Tim Ifield's flat, despite the samples being obtained weeks apart by different investigators. Mother of God. They've both been falsified. In my view, sir, there's a very real possibility Roz Huntley's been misleading the inquiry to protect her husband. Right. Well, to hell with ACC Hilton. This is our vindication. This puts us back in business. Steve, you run things from here. Kate, take a couple of uniforms. - Get out and pick up Roz and Nick Huntley. - Sir. Diane, get me a car out front immediately. Everyone, we need to find Nick and Roz Huntley, now! Get on the phones. Get me Polk Avenue Station. - Steve? - Roz Huntley hasn't reported for work. She was admitted to City General two nights ago. What's wrong with her? They won't disclose the reason for her admission, patient confidentiality. Received. City General Hospital. Mr Huntley. Where's my wife? She discharged herself, against medical advice. - But why didn't you stop her? - We did our best. We made sure she waited for antibiotics and painkillers. You should have called me. Mrs Huntley was very clear that you shouldn't be called. Keep the change. Thanks. You must be in a lot of pain. I won't lie. Come on. Let's just get you straight home to bed, ma'am. No, just fill me in on everything. Tell me. This is strictly off the record, ma'am. I don't want to get anyone in any trouble. It's OK. Tell me. A solicitor has requested an appointment for his anonymous client to give a voluntary interview to an independent team of detectives. What about? The murder of Timothy Ifield. Apparently, the solicitor's seeking immunity for whatever his client's going to disclose. Who's the solicitor? James Lakewell. Drive. - Fleming. - I managed to get through to the ward. Huntley's discharged herself. Nick Huntley came looking for her and left separately just a few minutes ago. The nurse reckoned he was going to their home address. Received. Right, turn round, go, go, I'll direct you. Roz? Roz? - Hi, Nick. - Roz, come on. Let's be sensible. Let's get you back to hospital. Come on. - I'm not going anywhere with you. - All right, OK. Where are the kids? They're fine. Where are the kids? It's being taken care of. Roz, you're worrying me. You don't have a right to know where they are. We're getting a divorce. Look, Roz. OK, you're angry and you're upset, and I get that. We're going to talk about this when you're feeling better, but right now, I just need to know that the kids are safe. Of course they're safe. They're walking round to Claire's. I'm just going to call them. Don't think that you stand a chance of gaining custody? Amputating my hand without my consent. That's grievous bodily harm. Look, Roz, it wasn't me. It was the surgeons. You were going to lose more than your hand. You were going to lose your arm, or your life. You did this to me... because you'd thought I'd had an affair. No, you did this to yourself. All your lies. And it was you, outside the bathroom. You were the one calling me a lying bitch. And you think doing this to me makes me less, means no man will ever look at me? Is this my punishment for being a "lying bitch"? You've lied so much, Roz. I've lost track of the truth. You always said that you grazed your hand on some brickwork. The infection they found was MRSA. That's why it was so serious. And it could never have happened the way that you said that it did! I can just about live with you covering up your infidelity. I can't live with you covering up a murder. Is that what you're going to say to the detectives at Fourth Street Station? How did...? How did you know about that? All this, to punish me. Well, now it's your turn. What? You lied about where you were when Leonie Collersdale disappeared. You were at the building when Steve Arnott was attacked. I explained all of that. And you were at the crime scene the night Tim Ifield was murdered. Outside! The only male suspect to be placed at the crime scene. No, no, wait. No! And you've lied about it to every police officer you've spoken to. - To protect you! - No. To protect yourself. What are you talking about? Nicholas Huntley, I'm arresting you on suspicion of the murder of Timothy Ifield. - You do not have to say anything... - This is insane! - You do not have to say anything. - I'm going to get the kids. It may harm your defence if you do not mention, when questioned, something you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be used in evidence. Mr Huntley, please don't make this any harder than it is already. - Hands behind your back. - She's lying! She's lying! Sir, please just calm down and let us take you to the station. No! No! - No! - Right, cuff him. Calm down, sir. You're hurting me! - Stop resisting then it won't hurt. - You're breaking my arm! Stop resisting! Polk Avenue Police, please move along! Ma'am, it's done. Sorry, ma'am. Do you want a minute with him? Just take him. There was no need to make a scene. Look at your poor wife. I'm not saying anything until I speak to my solicitor. - Well, fair enough. - It's Jimmy Lakewell. L-A-K-E... - What's going on? - It's all under control, it's all sorted. A delegation. I'm honoured. My two investigators, sir, DS Arnott and DS Fleming. I cannot believe I failed to make myself crystal clear. AC-12 is recused from the Huntley case, yet you still attempted to make arrests. Yes, sir, but some new evidence has come to light, which we think is vitally important to this inquiry. DS Fleming. We've learned Mr Huntley shares a solicitor with Michael Farmer, and it's possible Mr Huntley was aware of Michael Farmer's prior sexual offences, via this relationship. - Right. - We also found that a deposit supposedly of Tim Ifield's blood found at his flat was contaminated with fibres from a forensic investigator's oversuit. And that the blood deposit supposedly found on Leonie Collersdale's body was contaminated in exactly the same way. Clear indication of evidence tampering, sir, pure and simple. Our interpretation is that someone planted Timothy Ifield's blood on Leonie Collersdale's body in order to falsely implicate Tim in her murder. Tim was onto a conspiracy, sir -- the framing of Michael Farmer to protect the real murderer. And, obviously, the person with the opportunity and means to frame both Michael Farmer and Timothy Ifield is DCI Roz Huntley. By arresting him, she's acting as if she's been the one to ID her husband as the murderer, while in reality she's been protecting him all this time. Also, she's just had surgery on her arm. No-one knew she had a problem with it, and she's refusing access to her medical records, so we've had to seek a court order. Naturally, sir, we'd like to put things right straightaway. We'd like to arrest her on suspicion of perverting the course of justice. But Leonie Collersdale's and Tim Ifield's murders are DCI Huntley's cases and, to reiterate, you've been expressly forbidden from looking into it. Yes, sir, but my team were investigating another case, and our inquiries led us unexpectedly to these findings, which I'm sure you'll agree, sir, put a completely new complexion - on everything. - What other case? That would be the disappearance of Jackie Laverty, sir. A property developer, not seen since 2012. Something troubling you, sir? You'll recall, I was Station Chief at that time. It's a difficult experience for us all. Sir. But this is great work. All of you, great work. But Roz Huntley had you recused and you accused Nick Huntley of involvement in DS Arnott's injuries. I can't risk your investigation being tainted by accusations of bias. In my view, your files should be handed over to a new, more impartial authority, and they can decide the best way to take these inquiries forward. Sir, I must protest in the strongest possible terms! Leave us. Very well. Paramedics are here. Let them at him. Just give me a second! Dot, stay with me. There's a network of corrupt police officers doing the bidding of organised crime. This is an unsustainable breach of protocol, sir. Who's in charge, Dot? That's who we want, the most senior officer in this corrupt network. Who's top dog, Dot? - Caddy. - You're the Caddy. We know that. - Come on, Dot. - Told. - "Told". You told someone? Someone very senior? Prom. Promotion? Someone promoted you? Who? Come on, Dot. Come in, he can't talk. Blink twice with the first letter of his name. A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I... H. His name begins with H. Right. That's it, out of the way! I'll start bagging. Respiratory arrest. I see why you didn't want anyone sharing. H. Sir, there are currently eight officers serving above the rank of inspector whose surnames begin with an H, including yourself, sir. Others, if you consider those who have relocated or retired. There's only one who was Matthew Cottan's commanding officer for two years, who recruited him and turned a blind eye to his offending. Yes, I recruited him, but I did not promote him! Superintendent Hastings, you will be served with a Regulation 15 notice. You will have ten working days to answer these allegations and, should the review board remain unsatisfied with your answers, you will face a disciplinary hearing. That is all. Dismissed. Sir. - I'm coming up. - No, there's no need, honestly. I'm fine. No, no. I just want to make sure you're doing all right. I didn't want occupational health to know. If I can't even look after myself, how can I do my job? Steve, why don't you just...? Just take a few weeks off, till you're stronger. Michael Farmer doesn't have weeks. It's his whole future on the line. I'll put the kettle on. You are going to get better, aren't you, Steve? I don't know, Kate. You should sit down, ma'am. I can get you some more of your painkillers. No, I'll be all right. Jimmy. Thank God. I want some time with my client before we go through disclosure, - in a private room. - I'll see what I can do. You'll do better than that, detective. I'm glad to see you, mate. Have you eaten? Do you need something to drink? No, no, no, I'm fine. All right, Roz. I'll take it from here. Jimmy, this is insane! I have nothing to do with it. I don't know many that would have had the guts. That was incredibly brave and honest of you, ma'am. I've got no idea how this can be happening to me. It was Roz. She's lying about everything. Everything. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 