The Outsider: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Outsider 
 s1e3 - Dark Uncle - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Outsider (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Dark Uncle - full transcript 
 Despite being on mandatory leave, Ralph continues to scrutinize the circumstances surrounding the night of the murder; Jack has a hair-raising experience at a remote barn where key evidence and a mysterious substance have been found. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Tell me why you're here. Did you kill my son?! Want me to explain all that to you? Is that not Terry Maitland on the same day 70 miles away? He can't have been in two places at once. I'm baffled by this conflicting evidence. If Terry Maitland is innocent... we're not done. No! You dreaming about that man again? He was here. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Did anything out of the ordinary happen? Daddy got a cut. It was a cut, and that was it. Do you think Terry Maitland killed that boy? I really don't know. Fall through. Keep going. What have we got? We secured the barn and surrounding areas. - You're good to go inside. - Thank you. Lights. I wish I could tell you about the last week. Let me get that for you. Morning. Thank you. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 There you go. Aw! Welcome back, T! - How's the baby? - I think we'll keep him. Who's he look like? Uh... Winston Churchill with a deep tan. Yeah, the baby's great, Jack. Thanks for asking. Sorry. What... Uh... What are you doing here? Need to pick up some stuff out of my desk. You look like you're about to snap a few necks. I had to drive out to some goddamn barn in Canning because the Staties found some clothes they think maybe belonged to the Maitland guy. It's our case. Somebody's got to represent. You kidding me? It's a fucking one-hour drive. By the time I show up, it will be wrapped and gone. Have fun. Please tell me you've at least fed yourself since I left this morning. I found the website of the old age home where Terry went to visit his father. - Oh, yeah? - Mm-hm. I ran the old man's name through the National Criminal Database, turns out he was arrested for aggravated assault in Marietta back in 1985. - Honey. - Mm-hm? They've got you on leave for a reason. Do I look whacked out? It's post-shooting protocol; it's nothing personal. Yeah, I know that. So, how about you just take the time off they gave you? I mean, Jesus, if somebody offered me paid leave... Speaking of which... how was your day? "Song of the Humpback Whale"! I'm serious! I want to see you dance to "Song of the Humpback Whale." Boom boom. Come on, change the music. Put on the "Song of the Humpback Whale"! Watch her dance. Hey, Jack. You ever heard that? It's kind of a nature recording... bunch of fuckin' whales making these moaney noises to each other in the ocean. Can't say I have. Well, the reason I suggest it is, if she's gonna move her ass up there like some half-dead Oxy-head, maybe that tune would be more to her liking. Asshole! Candace to the main stage. - You're not working today? - Yes, I'm goddamn working today. Just taking my time getting there. Is that okay with you, shithead? Sure, it's okay, Jack. Oh, good, I'm so glad to hear it. "Sure, it's okay with you, Jack." Just gonna pay, not gonna hit you. Toss that down her panties. Motherfucker! What did I tell you? This is your last chance, Butch! Come on out or we're coming in after ya! Very serious, Butchie. Very... serious. Shit. It's bullshit. Fuck this. Oh, shit! Oh... fuck. I'm a police officer. What... What do you want... What did you just do... Oh, fuck! Fuck. Fuck. Here's what we found at the barn. Thank you. Lavender button-down shirt. Pair of grey Jockey shorts. White crew-socks... and brown work boots, all of which can be found - growing on the nearest tree. - Yeah, sure. However, we also found this. - Terry's? - Indeed. It's the same one we caught on the surveillance tape after he changed clothes at the strip club, and at the train station in Dubrow. Yeah, but there could be more than one belt buckle like that - in the world. - No doubt. The lab had Maitland's dabs on file, matched them up right away. But here's the thing: Some were very well defined... but others... take a look. See how faint the lines and whorls are on those? While on these, they're almost entirely broken up. The tech who did the work said the weaker prints were like the prints of an old person. So, maybe somebody 80 or 90 years old. So, someone else? No. They're all the same person. I asked him if maybe they could seem blurred because Maitland was moving fast, wanting to change clothes quick to get out of town. He said no. Did you check them against the ones in the van? Indeed. The well-defined ones were an easy match. But here's the thing. Originally, we IDed five sets of prints. Terry's, the kid Merlin's, the van's owner in New York, - his wife and his daughter. - Okay. But there was one set... we thought was too degraded to bother with. So, take another shot, compare them against the old man prints on the belt buckle. Buckle. Van. Terry strong. Terry degraded. Terry young. Terry ancient. What's happening here? I've... Maybe hold that question until I'm done. We also found this. What is it? At first, we thought it was semen, but it's not. Besides, semen doesn't do this. - The same stuff? - They're 90 percent sure. And there's more of it - in other parts of the barn. - Was anyone working there? Maybe it's motor oil, engine lubricant. - They tested for that. - How about livestock salve? Um... Udder liniment? - You know, bag balm? - Tested for that, too. - So, what is it? - Well, they're still testing. I think we should go and... contact Howie Saloman, Alec Pelley, - bring them in on this. - Why would we do that? Just let them know what's going on. Yeah, but we don't know what's going on. Exactly, so... Yeah. See if they have any bright ideas. Mrs. Maitland, this is not your girls' fault in the least, please understand that. But the kids in school... There's a growing hostility towards Maya and Jessa, and I'm afraid that it's only going to escalate. Can't their teachers protect them? Can't you? This is coming from the parents as well. So, they're being expelled? - "Expelled" is the wrong word... - Okay, well let me think. How about we just say they're on sabbatical? Yes, I like that much better. You have to understand my position. I do understand. You have to look out for the welfare of all of the students and not just the ones who are being harassed and bullied. I get it. I can help you find a school... but I am afraid wherever - the girls enrol... - Got it. Maybe you can consider home schooling? I can certainly help you with that. And mother to mother? I think it's outrageous when children have to pay for the sins of a parent. Sins? My husband was innocent. What do you mean the state lab doesn't know what this shit is? It's the state lab for Christ's sake. They're working on it. And they're sure all the prints are Terry's? - The van and the buckle? - They are. Sounds to me like you're still trying to nail him. No, Howard, we're just... we're trying to get to the bottom of this. Who's "we," Anderson? You're off the job now. Yeah, that's right. Until I'm reinstated, my time's my own. So, now it's all about getting justice for Terry, huh? Uh... For Terry, for Frankie Peterson. But, Howard, I'm not gonna get to do that for either of them. If all I'm supposed to be doing is crawling around on broken glass, telling you how grievously sorry I am - for having possibly fucked up. - "Possibly"? That's what I said. You know, Terry flew in and out of Dayton with his family, yet you're saying those blurred prints couldn't have been anyone else's? Because somebody else had to have driven that van down here. Yeah, that question is on the list. We asked for this meeting because we're so deep in the woods with this that we figured four heads would be better than two. You wanna see your guy exonerated, then we need to find the true actor here, because... nobody else is gonna go through all of this and frankly... nothing less is gonna do. Yes? We gotta backtrack to Dayton. Seems like that's where this whole horror show started. Somebody's gotta retrace every step Maitland took. I'd say... re-interview Glory, maybe even the kids, but... Yeah, but they weren't with Maitland around the clock. That's right. I don't know. I guess I could fly up there for a couple of days myself, but I don't think that's enough time. I have a State Police Homicide conference in Atlanta tomorrow. How about sending Holly Gibney? Holly Gibney. Yeah, the one and only. Shouldn't be too hard to find where she parked her spaceship these days. - Chicago, right? - Yeah. We get her on this, there's nobody better at retracing steps. What's with the spaceship? Well... as an individual, she's... She's what I would call "unique." Chevy Cavalier, General Motors, produced... 1985 to 2005. Reboot of Chevy Monza, 1975 to 1981. BMW 3 Series, Grand Turismo, four-cylinder model, 318D. Produced 2013 to 2015... Wow. 1966... Renault Dauphin, three-box, four-door saloon model, 845cc engine, discontinued 1967. - Holly Gibney. - Hey, Holly, it's Alec Pelley. Hello, Alec Pelley. Nice to hear your voice again. It's nice to hear your voice again, too. I guess I'll cut right to the chase here, um... A man was arrested down here by local PD... for the rape and murder of an 11-year-old boy, but... there's still some question as to whether they collared the right guy. And... answering that involves backchecking a trip he made to Dayton Ohio with his family in early March. Does that, uh... That sound like a piece of cake to you? Who was the arresting officer? Ralph Anderson. Well, I'm not agreeing to anything over the phone. - Okay... Why's that? - Because the last time I committed to a job that way, it turned out that the man who hired me had a swastika tattooed on his forehead and I didn't discover that until I turned up at his house with his runaway daughter. So, if he wants me to be part of his investigation, - he has to see me face to face. - Okay. Well, I guess I can talk to Howie, maybe fly you down here. Well, as you know, I'm an aviophobic. You're what? You're sitting in my seat. Hello? Miss, do you see the other stools. You're okay where you are, but you... you're sitting in my seat. Thank you. Holly? You still there? Yes, I'm still here. What was that you just called yourself? - I'm not flying. - Okay. Okay. Oldest trick in the book. What's that? I know what you're doing, you... So, you have a bad actor with you in the box, right? And he thinks he's finished answering all your questions, all you gotta do is sit there. Say nothing. Before you know it, he gets nervous, starts talking and then you got him, because you got him going past his rehearsed answers. So... how have you been spending your time since our last session? Chores, mostly. What kind of chores? You know, gardening, yard work, cars. I hear that physical activity is its own kind of therapy. How are things at home? Um... - Home? - With your wife? Oh. We're good. We're always good. I mean, you know... There was a time, you know, when... Well, I guess, you know, I wasn't so sure, we were going to make it. Maybe for... about six months or so, but... we made it and, uh, we're good. What was going on? Um... Losing a child. Our only child. And I guess that, uh... something like that's either going to... bring you closer than you ever been or, uh, it's gonna... It's, uh... It'll tear you apart and... I've seen it happens both ways. I'm sorry. No, like I said, we got through it. We're good. What was it like for you when things were still rough? Maybe we could just keep it about the things that actually put me in this chair. You know, the first game my dad ever took me to was at Wrigley. 1985, Cubbies-Mets. Must have been towards the end of the season somewhere, but... after all these years - who can remember the date. - Did they win or lose? Cubbies lost. - September 26th. - Mm. September 26th? I wish I could remember who was pitching. Johnny Abrego started for the Cubs, but was knocked out on the fourth. He was relieved by Ron Meredith, Steve Engel and Jay Baller. Dwight Gooden, on the other hand, threw a complete game shutout for the Mets. Hello, Alec, who's your friend? I'm gonna need the name and address of the hotel that the family were staying in in Dayton. - It's in there. - And the room number? I can get that for you. I'm gonna need the location of the parking lot - and the restaurant. - It's in there. The hospital information I can see... Father's medical records? I need that. No. I need to find out who was working in that wing... the days of the Maitlands' visits. That's my job. I'm gonna need a thousand in cash, 20s and 50s, all of which will be accounted for, and if I don't use it you can just deduct it from my fee. - That's no problem. - Speaking of my fee, - I'm gonna need half. - That's no problem either. - Here you go. - Done and done. Insvekataj! It... It means, uh, "For your health" in Lithuanian. - Oh, right. - And then you say, "Insvekataj!" - Right. - Yeah. Insvekataj. Hey. I... I thought they screened our mail for things like this. Must have slipped through. I have to say all these contradicting eyewits, videos and forensics, sounds like your man has, uh, a doppelg?nger. From the German, uh, "double goer." The myth is... if it's a myth, is that, uh, everyone in the world has, uh, an identical double. If you mean by that a twin, we've already checked that out. Not a twin. No, no, sir. Um... a non-biological double. The Egyptians call it a "Ka," the Norwegians a "Vardoger," the Finns an "Etainen," - the Swiss a "Dark Uncle" - She likes history. My particular favorite is... "Fetch," uh, from the Old Irish. Find that word quite fetching, don't you? What we're looking for is, uh... is flesh and blood male biped. My theory about the doppelg?nger is that it is, uh, a primitive construct they used to explain bi-polar disorder, or schizophrenia, or just the everyday struggle between - the id and the super-ego... - If it's a myth? - What? - You said, "if" it's a myth. - Yes, I did. - Mm. Because I have no, um... tolerance for the unexplainable. Well then, sir... you'll have no tolerance for me. Okay, here we go... I can tell you what day May 1st lands on 204 years from now faster than any computer on Earth. I can look at a skyscraper for two seconds from a speeding car and tell you within six inches how tall that building is. And I can not only recite the lyrics of every rock and roll song written from 1954 to the present day, but I can tell you which Billboard chart position they were in week to week until it fell off completely, but you know what? I don't listen to music, because I don't like it. Heights make me throw up. And if you ask me what date it is today, I have to look at a calendar. - Now, all that's true, brother... - When I was four years old my parents took me to see a psychiatrist to be examined. That was what got the ball rolling. And, well, by the time I was eight years old, I had been tested, uh, studied, uh, written about and videoed by... psychiatrists, behaviorists, neuroscientists and six different kinds of interdisciplinary socio-biologists, and you know what they said? "Fuck if I know." So... Mr. Anderson... if I feel like using the conditional "if"... then "if" is the word, mockingbird. Your parents allowed them to do that to you? They were scared. They thought the white coats could cure me. Cure you of being yourself? I think I need to go upstairs. - Can I help you with anything? - I'm good. You don't like to drink that much, but you did it to make me feel comfortable. Thank you. Honey, what's wrong? You need to call that detective that hurt my dad. - Who? Ralph Anderson? - I don't know his name. - The sad-looking one. - Why? Because I have something to tell him. What do you have to tell him? The man said to only tell him. The man? What man? What man, Jessa? Hey, guys. Can we talk out here first? - This is my wife, Jeannie. - I know who she is. Thank you for coming by, but it's just because my daughter had a bad dream involving you. Oh, I'm... I'm sorry to hear that. And she thinks that she has to tell you something about the dream. And my hope is if you come in and let her... that maybe it will help ease her mind. I need you to help ease her mind, okay? Yeah. That must have been a very... scary dream, Jessa. It wasn't a dream. I said that ten times! It was, my love. If there was a man here, he couldn't have gotten upstairs without one of us seeing him. Or hearing him. You know, we have creaky stairs. But what makes you so sure that it wasn't a dream, Jessa? Can you just do what I asked you to do, please? Yeah. Um... But you know whatever it was, you know there's no man up there now, right? Not now, but he said he wouldn't come back if I gave you the message. Okay. What's the message? He said to tell you to stop. Stop what? He said if you don't stop, something very bad is going to... happen. Did he say what kind of bad thing was going to happen? Okay, time to go upstairs. Come on. Come on. Goddamnit, Ralph. Thanks for nothing. Glory, can I talk to you for a second? Just the two of us? So how did you find Holly Gibney? Um... I found her unique. - "Unique," he says. - Mm. She's a full-tilt bull goose loony... but she's damn good at what she does. You'll see. When our son Derek was Jessa's age, he used to have a lot of nightmares. And Ralph and I, we discovered that... just saying, "Oh, it's a bad dream," didn't really help him very much. In fact, it usually made him more agitated. Your point? But if we tried to see it through his eyes, if we took it as seriously as he did, you know, and asked him details about it or his thoughts about what it all meant, a lot of the times he would end up convincing himself that it was just nothing more than a crappy dream. Either that, or he'd end up so bored by our little debriefing session that he'd fall back asleep, just to get us out of the room. So, my point... telling you this is just... maybe it's not so terrible if... Can you just let Ralph keep asking Jessa about her dream? No. But you can. So, Jessa... this man that you saw, can you tell me what he looked like? Better. - Better than... - The other times. How many times have you seen him? - Four. - Oh, honey. The first time he looked like daddy but wasn't. Why didn't you tell me? Because I thought you would start crying again, and I didn't want you to. He looked like your daddy, but he wasn't? His skin was wrong. And he was mean. How was he mean? He was trying to make me cry. What a jerk. How about the second time? The second time he looked just a little bit like my daddy, but... messy. Messy? You mean like his clothes? His face. It was blurry. Like someone tried to erase it. And did he say anything to you that time? Just more mean stuff. And then you saw him again last night? Yeah, but he wasn't blurry anymore. Right, you said he was better, but did he still look like your daddy? No way. This time... he was more muscly here and here... and he looked inky. Inky? I'm tired. I don't want to answer anymore. Okay, well, now that you gave Mr. Anderson the message I don't think he's ever coming back, do you? - He said he wouldn't. - And if he does, tell him to bug off. Tell him, if he has a message he wants to give me, he can give it to me himself. Okay, Jessa? I don't think you want that. You remember, honey, that he can't hurt you, so you don't have to be scared. He doesn't make me scared, he makes me angry. I think you're the one who's supposed to be scared. Mm. Okay, guys. Grab your jackets. I wanna be done by the time Daddy gets back from visiting Grandpa. - Mom? - Yes. I made you a picture. Momma... I made a new picture for Daddy. A baseball man. Nice. Your car get towed? No, I'm just looking for the person who's in charge of mall security. That would be me. One of my people decided to use a Taser on her husband last night, they've been going through a rough patch, so it left me shorthanded for today. Now that you've got me, how can I help you? What dates were you looking for? March 6th to the 11th. That's six weeks ago. We scrub the surveillance cameras in this parking lot - once every five days. - Figured as much. Thought I'd take a shot. Have you checked with the Traffic Division? It was never reported stolen. Oh. Excuse me. Ma'am, you can't park there. There's two spots, right there. Thank you. I can, uh... I can ask my buddy over at the impound yard, see if it turned up over there? The van was in the custody of Cherokee City PD. I was hoping I could get eyes on the individual who might have taken it from here to there. Sorry. Can I ask why Cherokee City PD? It was used to abduct a child who was subsequently murdered. In any event, thank you for your help. You're a PI? Yes, I am. Would you like to see my license? No, that's okay. But do you have a business card? Oh, here. Here, I'll... I'll trade you. You know... if there's anything else I can help you with just... make sure to reach out, okay? Mm. My great grandmother handles her oil better than this dude. Wait for it. Wait for it... Boom! Ha! Pay up, fucker. Tss! Piece of shit. Jack... Come on, man, let's get you some fresh air. - Goddamnit! - I ain't touch him. I know. I know. Hey, Jack, I didn't touch you, man. Please, please. I'll do anything, just make it stop. Just make it stop. Please. Oh, hey. Hi, Glory. Hi, sorry for just... showing up like this... I just, um... Can I talk to you for a minute? - Yeah, come in. - Thank you. Yeah, thanks. I wanted to... check in on you, you know, see how you were doing after yesterday. I'm all right. And Jessa? She slept through the night. Oh, excellent. Good. I don't have an agenda coming here, I really did just wanna check in on you and the girls. It was funny yesterday, you and Jessa. Funny? Yeah, it reminded me of... Maya... my oldest, when she... she couldn't have been more than seven. She went to a friend's house for a play date, and that girl's older brother made them watch... a DVD of a horror movie. Leprechaun. - Man, I wanted to kill that kid. - I bet. And Maya came home and she was convinced... that there was a leprechaun hiding somewhere in the house... waiting to get her. And I remember trying to convince her that leprechauns don't exist, but she wasn't buying it. And then Terry had a go. And do you know what he said? What? He said, "Well, yes, leprechauns exist but they only live in Ireland and they're forbidden to leave the country." And she said, "Oh, okay, good." And then that was that. He was such a good dad. He really was. How do you live with it, Jeannie? I really need to know. Well, yeah, it's impossible. Hey there, how can I help you? Um, I'm here to visit, uh, Peter Maitland. Okay, are you a member of the family? I'm a friend of the family. Uh, I'm sorry that won't do. LSC policy. Can I ask how he's doing? Uh, I cannot give out that information. Melanie? When I was very young, he and my father were best friends, and when my parents died, he and his wife took me in and raised me as their own. Also, I drove here all the way from Chicago. I'm sorry, I... I still can't let you up there. and even if I could, I have to tell you, he wouldn't recognize you. I mean, he's been going downhill... rather fast recently, and... when Alzheimer's is involved, - they usually... - How recent? I would say in the last month or so. Early March. Um... Did something particular happen back then? And here I was thinking I had seen the last of you people. Uh, what people? Fine, play me for a fool. Reporters, honey, reporters. - I'm not a reporter. - Of course not. Pete Maitland's just the prince who raised you as one of his own children. I need you to turn around and exit this building. And if you won't, I'll have you escorted out. - I'm... I'm not a reporter. - If you say so. Nonetheless, if you want to see that old man you will have to come back with his son and have him vouch for you. Come back with Terry Maitland? You know, and here's the thing: Even if I had fallen for your story I... I don't know what you think you could squeeze out of that poor man. Ask the detectives, they tried talking to him for weeks. Talk to him about what? - Please make sure she leaves. - I'm going. - Hello? - Holly Gibney. Ah! Well, hello there, Holly Gibney. I don't know who I'm supposed to report to: you, Alec or Howard Saloman. Um... You know what, any of us is fine. I spoke to the woman at the center's reception desk. She wouldn't let me see Maitland's father, because she thought I was a reporter. Apparently, a bunch of reporters showed up about a month ago. Detectives, too. Ah, I thought it was in regards to Terry, because that was more or less the time that the family was there last time. But she didn't even know he was dead. Well, you know, Cherokee City isn't exactly the center of the universe, so... That being said, whatever did happen, the cops wanted to speak to the old man as part of the investigation. You'll be looking into that? Of course. That's what I'm here for. Um... Okay, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to tell you your job. I know I could've waited to call until I had more hard information. No, no that's fine. It's just... sometimes... every once in a while, I like to hear the voice of someone who's on my side. I'll call when I have something with a little more meat on its bones. Sure. No. You don't get to do this. Fuck you, I don't. Whatever you need me to do. Whatever you need me to do. Whatever you need me to do. Sleep, child. Sleep, now. Somewhere on one of those tapes, there might be a real game changer. It wasn't him, you know. This day and age, we find it so difficult to believe in anything that we can't explain. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 