The Outsider: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Outsider 
 s1e1 - Fish in a Barrel - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Outsider (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Fish in a Barrel - full transcript 
 When the body of an 11-year-old boy is found in the Georgia woods, detective Ralph Anderson launches an investigation into the gruesome murder; eyewitnesses and physical evidence point to local teacher and baseball coach Terry Maitland. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ (SOFT PIANO MUSIC PLAYS) ♪ (PANTING) (DOG WHIMPERING, BARKING) ♪ (PIANO MUSIC CONTINUES THROUGH EARPHONES) ♪ (INDISTINCT CHATTER) TAMIKA COLLINS: So, you only spoke with me and the officer, you didn't see anyone else before we arrived? RALPH ANDERSON: Can I take that? Thank you. Hey, Tamika. TAMIKA: I have a few more questions. I'll be right back. RALPH: I got held up in court. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Uh, Central said it was a child? TAMIKA: Fred and Joy Peterson's son. RALPH: Ollie? No, the younger one, Frankie. It's bad, Ralph. RALPH: Is that the guy who called it in? - TAMIKA: Yeah. - RALPH: Well, he shouldn't be here. Have someone take him back to the house. Tell 'em to keep him there, keep him happy 'til I get back. ♪ (OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYS) ♪ Hey George, start looking for security cameras around the area like shops, homes, traffic lights, and get a door-to-door canvas going for possible wits. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Yeah? - Detective Anderson. Yunis Sablo, GBI. Hey, Loot, thanks for coming so quick. We can help you canvas the area, anything else you might need. I appreciate that, I'm down to one detective, and she's um... Yeah. We met. So, the coroner said the tissue tears on the upper torso, there's teeth impressions around the edges. Animal? No. ♪ (OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYS) ♪ HERBERT PARKER: I was walking the dog. - RALPH: Starting from where? - PARKER: From my house. - Two-four-six Mulberry Street - RALPH: Mm-hm. What time was this? PARKER: Five, like always. We walked down the hill, turned onto Barnham Street, headed toward the park. We go out there so often, she could take herself. - RALPH: Did you stop anywhere? - No, sir. RALPH: Okay, you got to the park... Five-fifteenish. RALPH: Did you see anybody along the way? No. RALPH: Did, um... Did anything catch your eye? - Maybe something out of the ordinary-- - When we passed that lot... near the park entrance... there was a van. I only noticed it because that lot always empties out a little after five and... it was the only vehicle still there. Can you describe it for me? White. Double doors in the back, like for deliveries. RALPH: Any lettering on the sides and numbers, perhaps? No. RALPH: Did you get a license plate number? - I'm sorry. - Okay. So, when you saw the boy, um... did you touch him for any reason, maybe to see if he was still alive or... any reasoning whatsoever? PARKER: Still alive? ♪ (OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYS) ♪ TERRY MAITLAND: All right, guys. Game day breakfast special. Get 'em while they're weird. MAYA MAITLAND: I thought you were making purple. Well, Daddy ran out of blue food color, and red and blue make purple, so... green. JESSA MAITLAND: (CHUCKLES) Yellow and red make orange. GLORY MAITLAND: I'll never understand how blue and yellow make green. That just doesn't make sense. TERRY: Who's gonna win today, girls? - GIRLS: Your Dragons. - GLORY: Dragons. The Dragons, you're right. At least, I hope so, you know. We're gonna try. Mm-hm. If two teams both pray before a game, - who does God pick? - GLORY: He doesn't. TERRY: Uh, well, unless it's Florida-Georgia, honey, - you know, in that case-- - Terry. - TERRY: Georgia's gonna get the pick. - God doesn't pick. MAYA: Then why do they pray? Uh... well, because it helps them wanna play at their very, very best, regardless of the outcome. You know? GLORY: So brave, all the families still wanted to play today. Uh, yeah, well, you know... it's not gonna be easy, but it's been a few days. I think people wanna try and see if they can start to push through. ♪ (SOFT MUSIC PLAYS) ♪ JEANNIE ANDERSON: There you are. Honey, I gotta go. The shelter has me running intake evaluations all morning. You gonna be okay? He had Derek under his wing for two years. How many times did we put him in the car with him? Half the times... we even waved goodbye. Ralph... (SIGHS) Derek had cancer. That man had nothing to do with it. You go arrest him for what he has done. (GRUNTS) RALPH: I hope to God he resists. (CHEERING) UMPIRE: Strike one! It's all right. Just a single, Jimmy. Come and see me. Walk's as good as a hit. Come on, Jimmy, wait for your pitch, pal. Connor, get a bat. Go get 'em, cowboy. Okay, let's do it. (CAR ENGINE STARTS) ♪ (INTENSE MUSIC PLAYS) ♪ (SIGHS) (KNOCKING ON DOOR) ♪ (OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYS) ♪ Ma... it's the cops. I hope this isn't about those overdue library books. (SCREAMING) No! MARY MASON: What would make someone do such a thing? RALPH: Well, right now, I don't know any better than you do, Mary. Just tell me what you saw, specifically yesterday afternoon. I was coming out of Gerald's with my groceries. It's not as nice as Kroger's, but it's close to me and, um... after my last accident, I don't like to drive that far. RALPH: It was about three o'clock, you said. Exactly three. - (BELL TOLLS) - I heard the clock tower chimes, just as I was leaving. And I saw the Peterson boy. RALPH: What was he wearing? MARY: You know, just boy clothes. Blue jeans, t-shirt. Ball cap... RALPH: And what'd you see next? TERRY: Hey, Frankie. FRANKIE PETERSON: Hey there, Mr. Maitland. That's too bad. FRANKIE: Eh, Ollie will fix it for me when we get home. Well, you let me pull over, I'll give you a ride, okay? MARY: I just assumed he was taking the boy home. RALPH: What about the van? Can you tell me anything? Did you see writing on the side? Did you get a license plate number? MARY: All I can tell you about the plate was it was out of state. Wasn't Georgia colors. Yellow. White. Can't bring it up. - This individual... - MARY: Ralph. Terry Maitland. I've known him since he was a kid. RALPH: T, I need a copy of Terry Maitland's prints. Correct, Coach Terry. Reach out to the board of education. They should have them on file. Okay? ♪ (INTENSE MUSIC PLAYS) ♪ (DISTANT CHEERING) UMPIRE: Strike three! Go in there. Read him his rights. Loud and clear. So that everyone can hear it. And then cuff him in front so everyone can see. - DON HARRIER: In front's against protocol-- - Cuff him in front so everybody can see and then you bring him out to me. TOM YATES: You're not coming in? Just bring him out. - TOM: You got it. - And no guns. - TOM: What if he runs? - DON: Then we run after him. There's a couple hundred people out there. TOM: All right. RALPH: Hey, T. You all set? Just waiting on the Statie with the paper. Hang on, he just pulled up. - Is it Sablo? - It is. Okay, tell him I'll call as soon as I see Maitland in cuffs. TAMIKA: Okay. RALPH: So... you're walking from your house to your friend Amelia's. - Uh-huh. - Mm-hm. Can I have another soda? Mm-mm, Juney. One is enough. She says they'll rot my teeth, but they're baby teeth; they're falling out anyhow. Well, you know what? Your mom's the boss. Maybe afterwards, we can ask her again. Um... Okay, so you were walking near the park. Just tell me what you saw. ♪ (SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS) ♪ You're all bloody. - (INAUDIBLE) - JUNE MOORE: He said he got hit by a branch. But I think he was making it up. RALPH: Why's that? JUNE: Because when I had a nose bleed once, it was only under my nose, but Coach Terry had blood all over. DEE DEE MOORE: Jesus. JUNE: I think he was fighting with a bad person at the park, and he got beat up. DEE DEE: I was trying to give her a little independence. How could I know? RALPH: Ah, there's no way you could know, Dee. UMPIRE: Strike three! All right. That's okay. Hustle in. Trevor, hit for Jimmy, please. Get us a hit out there, buddy. Coach Maitland. Trevor hasn't hit yet. Everybody plays. You know that. Be a hitter out there, pal. Hustle up. He strikes out, he strikes out, you know? JIMMY: Yeah, and we get knocked out of the tournament. No one's getting knocked out of the tournament. Besides, if he gets a hit, he'll be able to tell his grandkids. You ever think about that? Right? UMPIRE: Time! Time! What's going on, Don? DON: Terrence Maitland. I'm arresting you for the murder of Frankie Peterson. For the what? DON: Hold out your wrists, please. What are you talking about? Hey, hey, what are you doing? DON: You have the right to remain silent. Don, what are you doing? DON: Do you understand what I'm saying to you? - Yeah. - Let's go. Take over for me. ♪ (OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYS) ♪ - (CAMERA CLICKING) - (INDISTINCT CHATTER) RALPH: Cherokee PD's finest. - Why, thank you. - Well, you're welcome. You're absolutely welcome. Claude. (SNIFFS) They're new, right? These? Nah, man, I got those three years ago in McAlester. That's the addict's memo to self. Must use but I can't use. Therein lies the struggle right there. Sounds like you've been to, uh... - a few meetings. Huh? - (EXHALES HEAVILY) Brother, since the last time you slapped the bracelets on me, I have been Anonymous to death. Narcotics, the alcohol, gamblers, debtors, the sexaholics. (CHUCKLES) If I was anymore anonymous, I'd be invisible. Good for you, man. Good for you. And you're gainfully employed. You imagine what The Peach Crease would be like without proper management? (CHUCKLES) No, props to you. Uh, okay... What time Terry Maitland come in? ♪ ("BACKIN' IT UP" BY PARDISON FONTAINE FT. CARDI B PLAYS) ♪ CLAUDE BOLTON: I would say a minute or two before eight. - RALPH: Yes, sir. - CLAUDE: Last song of Miss Jennifer's set was playing. Next girl always goes up there on the top of the hour, so yeah, I'm saying a minute or two before eight. Hey, coach. You know where you are, right? I just need to use your men's room. I wanna clean up a little bit. Jeez, I'd hate to see the other guy. No other guy, just my nose broke loose again. It happens all the time. I tried to clean most of it up. Do you know if there's a doc in the box around here? I might need to get it cauterized again. There's the Quick Care right past the Waffle House, about a mile down Burdick. You driving? I shouldn't. Can you call me a cab? And I parked my van in the lot around back. Is that okay? Well, that's for the employees but you should be okay for a while. Where's the men's room? Turn right at the end of the bar. Just follow the drunks. You're a life saver. ♪ (MUSIC CONTINUES) ♪ RALPH: He had a change of clothes with him? Came out of there wearing fresh threads, so I'm guessin' yeah. - Can you describe 'em? - Yeah. Clean button-down shirt, could've been white, gray or pink. I mean, I don't know with all the light gels we use in there. Um, blue jeans and a belt. Big ass horse head buckle on it. Like something you'd buy in a dude ranch gift shop. What? I noticed when he walked past me to the men's, I saw he had more blood on the back of his jacket. All right, say I get a nosebleed like he said, how the hell do I get more blood on the back of my clothes? Okay, T. Tell Sablo he's good to go. Ralph, thank God. What the hell is this? GLORY: Hey! Hey, - where are you taking him? - Ralph, - what the hell are you doing? - GLORY: Where are you going? - Hey, Terry. Terry. - Glory. Glory, no, no, no. - You need to go home. - What the fuck is he doing with handcuffs? RALPH: The police are already at your house. - What are you doing? You can't-- - TERRY: Glory. - You think he killed Frankie Peterson? - TERRY: Get the kids-- - Stand back, Glory. - Get the kids and call Howie. What are you talk-- Hey! Do not-- - Get the kids-- Just call Howie. - GLORY: Open this door. - Call Howie. Call Howie. - Hey, Ralph, you piece of shit! Ralph! (PANTING) (GOLF CLUB SWINGS) (CELLPHONE RINGS) HOWARD SALOMAN: Dewey Sue'em and Howe, Attorneys at Law. GLORY: Howard, it's Glory. They just arrested Terry. They said he killed Frankie Peterson. HOWARD: Hang on, hang on. They what? Where did they take him? - GLORY: Can you help him? - HOWARD: Of course I can. Just tell me where you are. He wasn't even in town that day. Trust me, they screwed up big time. GLORY: Ralph Anderson said the police are at our house right now. Well, they probably have a search warrant. Where are the girls? They're with me. HOWARD: Glory, you need to calm down. Deep breath. No, I don't, Howard! Okay, okay. Now, first off, the girls do not need to see any more cops today. So, drop them off at a friend's house. You know anybody who would take 'em in? - GLORY: Spencers. - Okay, beautiful. After that, I want you to go straight home. See what they wanna take. Do not let them take anything but what's listed on that warrant. Okay. HOWARD: Now, they might try to get you talking about Terry. Now repeat after me: "On the advice of my lawyer, I refuse to answer any of your questions." GLORY: "On the advice of my lawyer, I refuse to answer any of your questions." Perfect. TERRY: The Peterson boy? Ralph, you know me. Now, wasn't he killed on Tuesday? I wasn't even in town on Tuesday. Did you guys even check to see where I was that day? DON: We know where you were. I only have one question for you. Did you ever touch my kid? (SCOFFS) How dare you even ask me that question, Ralph? TOM: So just the Peterson boy? Or were there others? You just ruined our lives. WILLOW RAINWATER: The call came from dispatch. "There's a fare coming out of the Peach Crease." But guess what? Lucky me, I'm already there. RALPH: What time was this? WILLOW: 8:30 or so. Hey, coach. Your wife know where you are? TERRY: Ma'am, you need to call your dispatcher and tell 'em that you just picked me up. Yeah, thanks. I wouldn't have thought to do that. So, we headin' home? No, ma'am, we're going to the Amtrak station in Dubrow. RALPH: He didn't want you to take him to the walk-in clinic up on Burdick? He said that he needed to take the overnight to Dallas-Fort Worth. - RALPH: He say anything else? - WILLOW: Nothing. Zero. At first, I thought maybe they over-served him. He was halfway to passing out, but... I didn't smell any alcohol off him. But his eyes... ♪ (OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYS) ♪ (MOUSE CLICKS) (MOUSE CLICKS) (MOUSE CLICKS) (MOUSE CLICKS) (MOUSE CLICKS) (MOUSE CLICKS) (SIGHS) Like he wants to be caught on tape. There's no record of this guy buying a ticket on the Amtrak overnight or any other train by cash or credit card, and there's no footage of him reentering the station. So, what's the taxi to train station dodge? Just some bullshit to try and throw us off the-- you know, off his trail? I mean, come on. I don't get it. This guy has murdered a child. He wants to avoid arrest, but everything he does after that is idiotic. He goes into a strip club covered in blood in front of a bunch of witnesses. Drives a van, leaves it in the employee parking lot. Calls for a cab, there's a cab right out front. And he tells the driver to register the pickup with the dispatcher. I mean, fucking hell. It's like he's begging us to catch him. But what kind of criminal does that? YUNIS SABLO: One that wants to be punished for what they did? Yeah, I don't buy that either. I'm gonna go. You still gonna cuff him tomorrow at the game? Child killer in a Little League uniform? It's gotta be Gacy in the clown suit, right? And that was the path lab on the phone. They're done with the blood work from the scene in the van, overwhelming O-neg, which is a match for the boy, and a small amount of AB-positive on the branch and on the steering wheel. - RALPH: Hmm. - Guess what percentage of people - are AB positive? - RALPH: Three. KENNETH HAYES: Try three... percent. Okay, we're still gonna need DNA. HAYES: Actually, five wits and ton of prints says I don't. Look, the Staties will get it from the house anyways. I mean, you get a stray hair off a comb, doesn't mean jack unless we get a swab. HAYES: You okay there, sport? - Let's go. - (SIGHS) Mr. Maitland, I'm Kenneth Hayes from the county D. A.'s office. I'm not gonna talk to you or anyone else - until my lawyer gets here. - You told Mr. Anderson that you were out of town the afternoon of the murder, is that true? I'm not talking to you or anyone else - until my lawyer gets here. - Until your lawyer gets here. No, I, uh... I heard you the first time. (SIGHS) Which would you say is your good side? Because in this state, we can hold you for 48 hours without charging you. But if you can't help us clear this up by then, well then, we have to take you down to the courthouse for arraignment. It'll be major news by then. And the place will be swarming with media monkeys and their cameras, so... what do you think? Left side? Right side? (SIGHS) Do you wanna help yourself out? Let us take a cheek swab. I mean, if I'm an innocent man, I'd demand it. Lawyer. RALPH: Your DNA doesn't match the killer's... Poor D. A. Hayes here, is up for reelection, he can't afford to lose a high-profile case like this. (SIGHS) Time after time, whenever I think I have a case good enough to prosecute, you know what he always says to me? - "How am I going to lose?" - Always. Can't get him out from behind his desk unless I got a gold-plated slam dunk. (CHUCKLES) Now look at him. He's bright-eyed. He's ready to go. What's it tell you? Terry? Lawyer. HAYES: Okay. We'll wait for his guy. Oh, uh... just one more question. Feel free not to answer, but do you have any idea what your blood type is by any chance? AB positive, right? - Hey, here he is. - TERRY: Howie. - HOWARD: How you doin', kid? - HAYES: I'll let you two chat. - I'm okay. - Hang in, I'll be right back. Fellas, is this just a massive mistake that we can clear up right here and now or have you both lost your fucking minds? There's nothing wrong with my fucking mind. What did he tell you? "Wait 'til my lawyer gets here." I assumed that. I mean when you first brought him in - for questioning. - There was no initial interview. HOWARD: Hold on. You arrested him in front of over 100 people without giving him a chance to explain himself, without even attempting to verify his story? With the evidence we had, we didn't want to risk that he would run. HOWARD: Run? You arrested him... in front of his family and his neighbors... when you could have just as easily posted cops around the stadium, waited for the game to be over, and then picked him up at his home. Ralph, I know you. You're a decent guy. Why? First off, Howard, I didn't arrest him. I had Don Harrier and Tom Yates do that for me, and the reason being if I had to put my hands on him, I don't know that I could've trusted myself not to beat the fucking shit out of him. I didn't want to give you that to work with at trial. HOWARD: Unbelievable. You wanna see what he did to Frankie Peterson? What someone did. ♪ (SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS) ♪ SABLO: Officer. Move that car for me, please. Mrs. Maitland, we have a warrant to search the premises and remove any items belonging to your husband, Terence Maitland. GLORY: Yes, my lawyer told me. There's nothing listed here. Does that mean you can take anything? Given the nature of the crime, it's at our discretion. Wait, that's my daughter's. That's not-- That is not even Terry's. God damn it. - HAYES: So, you like little boys, coach? - HOWARD: Okay, stop. Just tell us why Terry's here. Lay it all out. Or I go right to the press and I say you've arrested a leading citizen, ruined his reputation, terrified his wife and children, but won't tell us why. For starters, fingerprints. - My fingerprints? - HAYES: Mm-hm. On Frank Peterson's body. In the van. - In what van? - HAYES: The van you used to abduct him. On his bike, which we found in the back of the van. And on the branch you used to sodomize him. Holy shit. Wouldn't be the first time fingerprints were planted. Oh, a few, maybe. But 70? 80? And in blood? Yeah, and we got a slew of witnesses, each of whom identified him out of a photo array without hesitation. You know the definition of a witness, Ralph, right? A person who thought they saw something. Maybe you guys should go with the AB positive match instead. Population of Georgia's four million. Three percent of four mil is, what, 120,000 suspects, assuming the killer's not from Alabama or Florida. It's a fucking nightmare. - It's a nightmare. - HAYES: So, end it. End it. Tell us why you did it. Tell us why in any way you want in order to paint yourself in the best possible light. Were you on new meds? - No. No. - HAYES: Did you black out? Were you hallucinating? Are you paranoid schizophrenic? - "Help us help you." - But tell us something before the DNA swabs come back and you might avoid the needle. - The needle? - I was in Cap City. From when to when? I left my house at 9:00 a. m. on Tuesday. I was back the next day, Wednesday, noon. RALPH: Anybody with you? Yeah, Jerry Frost and Bob Barry. - What was in Cap City? - It was a conference for secondary school English teachers. HAYES: A conference on what? On censorship. Banning books. Modern Language Association held it at the Babcock Hotel. We got in there before the guest lunch and then right into the afternoon panel discussion. What time was this? After lunch. Two-- Two o'clock, yeah. Went about an hour, they took questions, 45 minutes. - How convenient. - Not for you, it isn't. After that, the three of us just walked around the hotel, we watched some of the Braves game. Five-thirty, there was another panel. We attended that, then we went to dinner there at the hotel, stuffed with people. Had a beer at the bar. Again, crowded. Went upstairs, lights out. First thing in the morning, downstairs, 7:00 a. m., checkout, breakfast, right back here, home. I can't believe you are first asking all of this now. HAYES: I explained to you why. Oh, right. He might have hopped on a tramp steamer and fled to Madagascar. You're making a very bad mistake here. No, there's no mistake. And in a day or two, we'll have the DNA back from the swabs to clinch it. If it doesn't bury you. You've had him for four days. I want him back. DUTY SERGEANT: Ms. Peterson, I understand, but that's the coroner's decision. He needs to make sure many things-- (YELLING) Let me bury my son! You don't understand, all right. - Ralph, they won't give me-- - Not now. There he is. Did you do it? Did you do that to my son? Did you kill my son? Did you kill him? Did you kill my son, Terry? Look at me! Look at me, mother fucker! CORRECTIONS OFFICER: All right, everybody up. Let's go. All right, next group. Feet on paint, squat, and cough. All right, I want a foot on each and squat. - (INMATES COUGH) - Deeper. - (COUGHING) - I want your ass 18 inches from the floor, no more, no less. (COUGHING) INMATE: Hey, that's the dude that did that kid. That you, right? CORRECTIONS OFFICER: All right, everybody up. All right, move. Let's go! Move it! I ain't got all day! Come on! Let's go! (INAUDIBLE CHATTER) (CELLPHONE DIALS) OPERATOR: Babcock Hotel, how may I direct your call? ALEC PELLEY: Jonathan Hughes in security, please. JONATHAN HUGHES: Security. Hey, Jon, it's Alec Pelley. Hey, how the hell are ya, buddy? I'm doing good, man. I'm doing good. Listen, I'm about an hour from you now. Uh... I could really use your help with something I'm looking into for Howie Saloman. You'll be around? CORRECTIONS OFFICER 2: Get my line together down there, fellas. Let's go. Come on. Let's go. - I can't go in there. - Is that right? - I can't go in there. - I say you were born to go in there. Larry, let's not lose another one, okay by you? LARRY: Let's go. CORRECTIONS OFFICER 2: Let's go. - Come on. Let's go. - Let's go, let's go. We need to question those two teachers he said he had with him in Cap City. Yeah, Tamika's got one in the box as we speak. (ELEVATOR DINGS) HAYES: You hear anything from that yet? RALPH: Ah, so far, he just backs up everything Maitland said. The other's been callin' all afternoon, pissed off we haven't reached out. HAYES: So, we need to get someone over to that hotel, otherwise Saloman's investigator's gonna beat us to the security tape. RALPH: Yeah, he probably already has. So what? It's not like he can tuck it under his arm - and throw it in his trunk. - HAYES: Yeah, right. Even if he sees a guy on there that looks like Maitland, it's inconclusive. Going up against what we've got. PELLEY: And freeze it right there again. HUGHES: Is that your guy? PELLEY: Ah, hell, I guess it could be. We've got nothing from inside the gift shop. HUGHES: We just don't surveil in there. PELLEY: You got no other conference footage at all? HUGHES: That's it. PELLEY: The bar or the restaurant? I don't know, the hallway outside his room? HUGHES: Yeah, I mean there was a public access TV crew covering the conference that day. Maybe something with them. (WATER RUNNING) (SOUND DULLS) (INAUDIBLE) ♪ (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS) ♪ Jessa. Jessa. - Wake u-- - No! I will not! I will not! - I will not! - Shh! It's okay. - MAYA: Mom! Tell him to get out of my room. Tell him to get out! It's just a bad dream, it's okay. No one's here, my love. There's no one here. It's okay. Look. Look. No one's here. You're having a bad dream. It's okay. JESSA: He was here. He was saying bad things to me. - Oh, no! I'm sorry. It's just a bad dream. - MAYA: Mommy. - GLORY: Yes? - MAYA: What's happening? What's wrong with her? She's just having a bad dream. It's okay, go back to bed. - MAYA: Okay. - It's not a bad dream. He was here. - (CELL PHONE DIALS) - HOWARD: Yeah. Hey, I just sent you a link. Would you take a look at it and tell me what you think? (CELL PHONE BEEPS) Jesus. I hope that answered your question. Anyone else? Yes, sir. Hi, uh, I don't understand. Slaughterhouse Five is banned in part because, I guess, of its unsparing take on war, but The Iliad, which is infinitely more bloody and graphic is required reading. So, I was wondering if any of you could respond to that. Yeah. William, you're our Homer expert. Why don't you take a crack at it? Ralph, is that or is that not Terry Maitland on the same day, roughly the same time as Frankie Peterson was murdered 70 miles away? Poof. (INDISTINCT ANNOUNCEMENT OVER HOSPITAL P. A.) HAYES: The painful fact... is that juries rarely convict on fingerprint evidence alone. SABLO: What about your witnesses? A small child? A, uh, senior citizen who only drives two miles a week because of poor eyesight? A strip club bouncer with a rap sheet longer than my leg. No, once Saloman gets a hold of them on cross-- Yeah, but they-- they saw him. They ID'd him. Every single one of them rang true. SABLO: So, you're saying it's all gonna come down to DNA evidence? HAYES: I'm starting to have my doubts about that. (SIGHS) - We were still talking. - RALPH: No, I talked to you, and I'm gonna go to the hotel in Cap City. (BUZZER SOUNDS) The charge is withdrawn? It's over? HOWARD: Not quite. Problem is when they arrest you, you get put on the justice train, and the train has no brain. All I know it's a stop at every station, so in a couple of days... you'll have your arraignment with Judge Landy. But I can promise you this: by the time you reach that courthouse, I will make damn sure every reporter and every TV station in the state has a copy of that video so there is no way Landy will deny you bail. Now, the D. A., he's gonna quack like a duck because... he's got a heap of forensic evidence, and he's very proud of it. But I can tell you now, Terry, what we've got beats what they've got. We've got a video tape and we've got witnesses. I want more. Of what? I want more physical forensic evidence - to match theirs. - GLORY: From the Babcock? It's been five days since he's been there. A boy can dream, can't he? Um... Maybe there's something. Does this guy look familiar at all? Thank you. RALPH: Hey, there. How are you doin'? - SHIRLEY JACKSON: Holding my own, some of theirs. - Ah, that's good to hear. Did you happen to be working on Tuesday? That was the day of the teachers' conference. I'm here every day. It's my shop. Could I ask you to look at these photos, please? Tell me if you've seen this man. - They're kinda grainy. - Mm. - Same guy? - Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, he was in here. You sure? See those books? You know why they're up there? 'Cause nobody buys them. They're too expensive. No one ever took that one down off the stand before this guy came in, but he didn't buy it. But he thought about it. - Um, which one? - Red spine. Has anyone touched that book since he was here? - SHIRLEY: Are you kidding? - How much? - Hey, Alec. - Hey, Ralph. Any chance there's a photo book in that bag? - Yeah. - Great. You know if you find Maitland's prints on there, you'd be doing us a favor. RALPH: Shit, I hope I don't. PELLEY: Well, either way, you're gonna have a hell of a time with that TV footage. Well, unless these turn out to be someone else's prints, all of a sudden, your TV footage doesn't look so good. (PELLEY CHUCKLES) (MACHINE WHIRS, BEEPS) RALPH: Okay, this is from the Babcock. This is from the crime scene. And this is Terry Maitland's booking sheet. HAYES: Drum roll? They all match. Bullshit. He can't have been in two places at once. SABLO: That's... hard. You, uh-- You log these into evidence? - I had to. - (HAYES SIGHS) Well, then Howie Saloman gets his mitts on them in discovery. (SIGHS) You know... back in the 90s, there was this Colombian soccer player who scored a goal in his own net during the World Cup. And as a result, his team was eliminated. You remind me of that guy. - If Terry Maitland is innocent-- - HAYES: Which he's not. If he is... we're not done. This happens again... How badly do you wanna win, Kenneth? I don't know, Ralph. How badly do you wanna lose? JEANNIE: (SOBBING) Happy Birthday, baby. (SNIFFLES) RALPH: (WEAKLY) Happy Birthday. Oh, God, I miss him so much. I would do-- I would do anything... Anything. JEANNIE: He knows. RALPH: Does he know? JEANNIE: I couldn't bear to think otherwise. Baby, I've been a lawman for over 20 years, and it just kills me. Just kills me. That you can't get justice for Derek. It's just-- there are times on the job where I... I really feel like it covers everything I do, every judgement, every decision. (SNIFFS) Like, um... Like Terry Maitland. JEANNIE: Ralph... if for one minute... you could just stop thinking about Derek, and put aside... all the contradictory evidence on both sides, all of it. And answer me this. From your gut... do you think Terry Maitland killed that boy? (SNIFFLES) I can't tell. I don't know. I really don't know. (MOUSE CLICKS) (MOUSE CLICKS) (MOUSE CLICKS) TAMIKA: You should have come with this. The wait wasn't so bad. Hey, T, can you come in here, please? Will you take a look at this for me? Tell me what you see. - Terry Maitland. - Uh-huh. Look a little closer. TAMIKA: Is he giving us the finger? (INDISTINCT TV CHATTER) ♪ (OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYS) ♪ INMATE: Hey, child killer. Hey. Child killer. Blood cries for blood. You hear me? Tomorrow morning, when you get back from court... we'll be waiting for you. Believe that. (SIGHS) ♪ (OMINOUS MUSIC CONTINUES PLAYING) ♪ (RAIN PATTERING) I'm as baffled by this conflicting evidence as you are. I didn't kill that kid, Ralph. ♪ (TENSE MUSIC PLAYS) ♪ Is there a mystery here? Yes. The saliva sample is a dead-on match. RALPH ANDERSON: Do you see how strange this is? Did anything out of the ordinary happen while you were in Dayton? ANDERSON: What if he didn't do it? He didn't do it. (GLASS SHATTERS) If he didn't do it, someone else did. ♪ (MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 