The UnXplained: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The UnXplained 
 s2e5 - Extreme Weather Mysteries - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The UnXplained (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 5 - Extreme Weather Mysteries - full transcript 
 A house that narrowly dodges the path of a tornado. Rain that falls from the sky like blood. And lightning that follows you...into your home. Our world is full of strange and mysterious ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Lightning that follows you into your home... rain that falls like blood... ...and a single house spared total destruction. History is filled with tales of strange weather phenomena. Frogs falling from the sky. Hail so large that it can crush an automobile. And storms so savage they erase all traces of mankind. Can science help us to find out why these things happen? Or could unseen forces be at work, and if so, could we possibly harness these forces to serve our own needs? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Well, that is what we will try and find out. The UnXplained S02 - EP05 Extreme Weather Mysteries Subtitled by Diego Moraes Scientists at Florida State University publish the results of a study on the destructive power of tornadoes. Their conclusion: tornadoes, which are already capable of generating 200‐miles‐per‐hour winds are getting five percent more powerful every year. And there doesn't appear to be a limit as to how strong they will become in the future. Tornadoes have so much energy in them. The‐the energy in a... in a large tornado, like an EF4 or 5, is more energy than is in a nuclear weapon. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The base of these things are sometimes a mile wide, and they go all the way up to 30, 40, 50,000 feet high. This is a very large structure. A skyscraper is teeny‐tiny in comparison to a tornado. If scientists are correct, and tornadoes are getting even stronger, how are we supposed to keep ourselves safe from their awesome power? Especially considering we still have no idea how to predict when and where they'll appear. The thing that's hardest to explain about tornadoes is why the tornado forms, and when is it triggered to come to the surface? The problem with tracking tornadoes is they're only for just a very few minutes. They form, a warning goes out. Only 13 minutes elapses before, most times, the tornado is on the ground. So, we don't have a whole lot of research as far as looking at those. There is almost an infinite number of moving parts in a tornado. There's atmospheric turbulence, there's moisture, there's pressure changes. There's electromagnetic discharges and charging going on. There's so many phenomena that you can't even make the list complete. When we think of the laws of physics, we think of firing a bullet. Moves in a straight line, never deviates. But the weather, what a headache for a physicist. Remember the butterfly effect? That is, even the flapping of the wings of a butterfly can cause a ripple effect, which could lead to a tipping point initiating a thunderstorm. So even small vibrations here can cause massive distortions of the weather over there. That's why predicting the path of a tornado is virtually impossible. After a long, hard week, the Coffelt family is looking forward to spending a Sunday relaxing in the comfort of their home. But it isn't long before they realize their plans are going to be interrupted. We, uh, started getting all these notifications on our phones. Like, "Tornado Warning." And then we started getting a little bit concerned. All right. And we looked outside. ‐The weather's getting kind of bad. It was, like, dark clouds. It's‐it's hard to describe because it was just, like, coming toward the house. It was It was getting really dark. I started walking towards the door, and it just almost went pitch black. My wife yelled, "Go to the bathroom, go to the bathroom!" All of us my wife and two daughters went in the bathroom. A minute or two went by, and you heard the tornado coming in. It started with a small whistle, and then it got louder and louder. And then it just kind of sounded like a train coming in. Like a... And it just, boom, hit the house. When we were in there, it was so confusing because‐because you didn't know what was going to happen. Especially when we start hearing stuff happen around us. And, you know, we're all just in that tight space. And I was screaming. Everything just started shaking, ‐and you could hear the little snaps going on outside. And then it stopped. And then it happened again. When the violent shaking finally subsides, the frightened family cautiously leaves the safety of the bathroom to assess the damage to their house. But to their shock and disbelief, there's none. We came out, we walked out the front door and, uh, looked, saw everything. Heh, it was just overwhelming. An F4 tornado comes across and destroys everything around you, except for your house, and you and your family still, still standing. We were just completely overwhelmed. We could barely breathe, and just couldn't believe the destruction that was out there. It was just breathtaking. It can't be explained. The emotions and the feelings that go through, really just, uh, it's mind‐blowing. Despite sitting directly in the tornado's savage path, the Coffelt house was somehow spared when nearly everything else in sight was leveled. Aside from some minor superficial damage, barely a shingle had been knocked out of place. But how? There are so many variables with a tornado and why it hits this house and not that one, it's really hard to say. There could be little pockets of pressure, little pockets of temperature, little pockets of moisture. Who knows what it is? But it could be little pockets that change the statistics of the debris field such that it just happens to miss that spot. Tornadoes never travel in very straight, regular paths. When you picture the video, it's an interesting path to avoid the house. But you could imagine a tornado circling back on itself. That is not inconceivable. This house could have been lucky to have the tornado come down the right side, turn around, destroy the forest on the other side, turn around again and then go off. Could it be that the Coffelts and their house survived simply because of luck? Or was it the result of some kind of deliberate intervention? After all, from Zeus, the Greek god of thunder, to Set, the Egyptian god of storms, ancient cultures believed weather was not a random force of nature, but a power wielded by the gods. Major ancient cultures saw the Earth itself as a god. More accurately, a goddess. The Greeks had a name, Gaia. The ancient Hindu tradition also saw the planet as a feminine divinity. So we are in relationship with the planet. There are weather patterns that are caused by planetary energies. And this is a living relationship which can help our way of looking at our relationship to the ground we live on. All stemming back to some of the most ancient cultures and religious practices that have been with us on this planet. A living, conscious planet. If this is true, does it mean that the Coffelts' house was deliberately spared by some act of divine mercy? Or was it left standing to serve as a warning that nature must be respected? As far as the Coffelts are concerned, the answers hardly matter. If there is some miracle about all this... because it's not a miracle. 'Cause getting hit by a tornado, that... that sucks. You know, I probably shouldn't be sitting here today. I definitely do have a new respect for the weather. It‐it really can It can take everything away from you in the blink of an eye. Predicting the path, the precise path of a tornado is beyond our computational ability. So when I look at these videotapes of a tornado where a houses basically dodges the bullet, I say to myself, "What's happening here? Was it an act of God?" I don't know. I'm a physicist. I say it's the non‐linearity of the laws of physics applied to the weather. Are tornadoes and other forms of extreme weather not scientific problems to be solved, but rather messages sent to us by Mother Nature herself? ‐It's an intriguing notion. Perhaps if we can learn to decipher these messages, we'll be able to understand lots of other bizarre weather phenomena, like the one known as ball lightning. Lightning is one of nature's most powerful and incomprehensible forces. There are places in the world, like Lake Maracaibo, that are constantly being struck in what seems to be a never‐ending storm. But there's another type, called ball lightning, and nobody seems to know what it is or why it happens. While out for an afternoon stroll, a local student spots something that stops him in his tracks. Pulling out his cell phone, he captures incredible footage of an eerie ball of what looks like pure energy, floating and bobbing, as if alive. Later analysis reveals that the video may be evidence of one of the most mysterious weather anomalies in the world: ball lightning. Any video of ball lightning is exciting and interesting to me because they're rare. I‐It's hard to see it. And it does confirm the idea that what you're really trying to look at is some sort of contained plasma‐like object. Looking at this video, what's happening is this ball lightning is probably traveling along the electromagnetic field line of the power lines. And then when it hits the, uh, transformer, it's just too much power for the transformer to handle and it explodes. And you can see that in the video. Unlike normal lightning, which follows well‐defined laws of physics, ball lightning is much more erratic in its behavior. Even after centuries of research, scientists still don't really know what causes it. Or where this incredible energy comes from. When we think of a lightning bolt, we think of electricity shooting from the heavens, just crackling with energy... ...which is totally different than ball lightning. Ball lightning is basically a sphere a few feet across that seems to hover slowly and then dissipates. So how can that be? Ball lightning is essentially lightning in a bottle, but there's no glass bottle, there's an electromagnetic bottle. So you get these electromagnetic field lines that form the shape of a sphere and it traps the lightning inside. It can range in size from pea size to dime size, baseball size, grapefruit size. And the uniqueness of ball lightning is it lasts from 20 to 30 seconds, unlike a regular bolt of lightning, which is just a flash. Ball lightning has been mysterious for so long because it's hard to capture. 'Cause when it happens, the ball is skittering and moves around crazy. It doesn't just sit there in one spot, so you can't walk up to it and look at it. Is it possible that sightings of ball lightning are just a trick of the eye? An optical illusion? Or could ball lightning be responsible for everything from mysterious UFO sightings to strange accounts of phenomena known as spontaneous combustion? Ball lightning was first discovered in the 1600s in a European church when the ball lightning came right through the window and into the sanctuary. There are many documented eyewitness accounts not just one but scores of them through history of ball lightning entering people's homes and being cited by reputable witnesses. The most famous sighting was done in Russia, by Czar Nicholas II. He had an eyewitness right in front of the royal family. A ball lightning went whizzing right by and he wrote about it. People just say, "Oh, no, I was standing there "after this thunderstorm in my living room, "and this ball of light came across the field, "right through the picture window, into my room, and touched the steam radiator and popped like a firecracker." And I have not read an explanation for that behavior that I consider plausible. It's believed that glass actually enhances ball lightning. The trace elements in glass, including lead, is very attractive and a conductor of lightning. And we always say stay away from water and glass windows when there's lightning, because those are conductors. And it seems that ball lightning is very attracted to glass and will actually pass through it and then can create a lot of damage. Ball lightning can be very dangerous. It's started fires, it has put buildings on fire. It has caused a lot of destruction just in and of itself. If it sounds impossible for a primal force of nature to be contained indoors, well, you'd be wrong. Because, as it turns out, scientists have done just that. In 2006, Professor Eli Jerby and researchers at Tel Aviv University used powerful microwave beams to generate a tiny sphere of plasma for fractions of a second. It was the first time anything resembling ball lightning was reproduced in a laboratory. It took scientists a long time to reproduce ball lightning in the laboratory. Ball lightning needs a lot of energy. And the way you would create that is you have really strange high electromagnetic fields that are wrapped around each other that traps and squeezes the air molecules until they're so hot that they become ionized and literally are like a big ball of plasma, like a little mini‐star. Could ball lightning actually be some kind of miniature star, one that exists here on Earth? According to some scientists, the notion is not as far‐fetched as it sounds. Which could also mean that ball lightning has the potential to develop into one of the most destructive forces in the known universe. Some people suggest that ball lightning could be primordial black holes. Primordial black holes are very small microscopic black holes that, uh, would have formed at the beginning of the big bang or just after. And it's possible there's still some of them remnants of the big bang floating around in the universe. When I look at ball lightning, it just seems such a clear ion electromagnetic effect that it's probably not even necessary or likely to be connected to something like micro black holes. But it there's nothing necessarily in physics that tells you it's impossible to have it happen. Could ball lightning really be some type of black hole in disguise? If so, it's probably best to study something like it from a comfortable distance. Not unlike another weather phenomenon that has made people run inside to avoid it for thousands of years... ...blood rain. In the skies above this forested region of rolling hills in the southwestern state of Kerala, storm clouds begin to gather. Not so unusual in this part of the country. But when the rain starts, no one is prepared for what falls from the sky. Something that appears to be blood. And it lasts not for hours or days or even weeks, but for months. If I put myself in the shoes of these people that experienced this blood rain coming from the sky, I can only imagine how terrifying that must be and how that must make those people question their own existence and question the forces of nature that are at work in the world. That must be earth‐shattering for these people. You have to think that that's sent from the heavens. For some reason, some mystical reason, this happened because it's sent from the gods. It's sending out a signal or a message for some reason. After months of wondering whether the apocalypse was at hand, residents sighed in relief as, suddenly, the scarlet deluge stopped. And just like every other time this strange phenomenon happened throughout history, the skies returned to normal. Similar stories of red rain have essentially spanned history over thousands of years. It's been repeatedly reported, first in mythology and then in historical accounts. It goes back maybe to the sixth century BC. We have stories in our theology and mythologies that see this phenomena happening, so it must be one of the signs of the coming apocalypse. But it's a phenomena that occurs in weather around the planet all the time. You never know where red rain is going to occur. It's all depending on weather systems. All over the world there's been rain like this, even in the United States. Even in the Ukraine and Russia, this has taken place. It's not surprising that ancient people regarded blood falling from the sky as a sign of impending doom. But today we tend not to believe in such far‐fetched nonsense. Especially because, as I'm sure you'll be relieved to know, blood rain isn't actually made of blood. Scientists did analysis of this red rain and did not find things like copper or iron, things that we think of as red that would cause this water to be red. So why was it red? What else could have been in the water that made a blood‐red rain? What scientists thought is that it is caused by spores that are on trees, grassy areas, rocks, all over the terrain there in India. And those spores blast all of that into the atmosphere. And that's carried up into the clouds and it kind of hangs there. Oftentimes spores are produced prolifically. You know, billions of millions of spores, right, go all over the place. And so you can imagine that it would be transported up in the atmosphere, associate with rain, and then come down as‐as a red color as well. The theory that red algae spores can and do create red rain is believed by most scientists to be a sound one. But, believe it or not, there's another theory. One which proposes that blood rain is caused by something extraterrestrial. If you look at the red rain under the microscope, what we found was absolutely staggering, because we found that there were red living cells dispersed in the rain. That was the cause of the red color in the rain. And these cells were in the process of actually reproducing. And when examined under the highest magnification, these cells didn't look like anything that we had seen on the Earth. Life unlike any on Earth? Could it be that the real cause of blood rain is far more profound than previously thought? Coincidentally, there was also a meteor explosion in the area. So the question is: could those two events be linked? What I think happened was that a fragment of a comet exploded... in the high stratosphere, and this comet had living entities, alien life, in the form of these red cells. And they became the seeds, the nuclei of raindrops. We've found plankton organisms on the solar panels of the International Space Station. So it's possible that this meteor that exploded over India had some sort of red organic material in it that came from space. If the source of blood rain is, in fact, extraterrestrial, might it help explain how life could have started here on Earth? One theory of how life can propagate from one planet to another and even one star system to another is panspermia. Panspermia is the idea that life on the Earth started in outer space. And, sure enough, when we look at meteorites on the Earth, we find some from Mars, some from the Moon, and maybe even some from Venus. And so, if meteors can go back and forth, why not DNA? We tend to think of ourselves as something that grew out of some primordial soup from a random one‐time accident that took place on this planet millions and millions of years ago. But could it be that we actually, us humans, are the aliens on this planet? Blood rain. A weather phenomenon so strange and so unexplained that it calls into question everything we think we know about who we are and where we come from. Not unlike another type of rain. One that carries life of a very different kind. Residents awake to a flash of lightning and what sounds like hail falling from the sky. But, surprisingly, what is really raining down on the city is not hail but fish. The images are so bizarre, when you first see them, you think this must be some kind of a hoax. Fish falling from the sky. And they're everywhere. If you're out in the middle of a small village and all of a sudden it's raining fish on you, most people will wonder, you know, why? What does this mean? I'm sure you're all familiar with ancient stories that tell of frogs raining from the sky. Most consider them myths. But in actuality, the phenomenon of live creatures showering down from the heavens is all too real. When you think about it, it's really mysterious. How could it possibly be raining fish? Since the tenth century, there's been records of fish falls from the sky. Small fish from all over the world have fallen from the sky. I know a‐a story my dad tells me. When he was a kid, about ten years old, that it rained so many fish in his front yard that they picked them up in wheelbarrow loads and had a big fish fry. When you look at anecdotal data, there are many instances in the past where it's raining fish, and you say to yourself, how can that be? That seems to violate everything we know about storms and common sense. The reality is, tornadoes are regularly taking stuff from one place and dropping them somewhere else. But they're over land and they're definitely moving things that are typically land‐based, so obviously they're not gonna drop fish 'cause they're over land. But, basically, a waterspout or a tornado over water is conceivably gonna have the same effect. It can suck things out of the water. And then, as that object continues to move, it moves across land. At some point those will fall back out of the tornado and it will look like raining frogs or fish. It's not implausible. I don't think it's a coincidence that most of the animal rains that we experience are‐are aquatic animals, right? 'Cause those are probably the ones that are easiest to suck up in a waterspout and then deposit on the Earth. The notion that a waterspout could siphon tons of fish from the sea before raining them down miles away is one that is supported by many scientists. But if it sounds far‐fetched to you, you're not the only one. People have watched waterspouts over lots of places, but they never seem to see anything being scooped up out of the ocean by waterspouts that we've actually watched for a long time. These occurrences are random and they're out of place and they make no sense and there's really no good explanation for them. How does that school of fish, which are far heavier than air, traverse hundreds of miles, in some cases, to be distributed, deposited over land and on top of people? Whatever this phenomena is, it happened very quickly. You take a fish out of water, it is fighting for breath. It's going to, uh, suffocate, and that suggests that is there some other thing at play? Like, could there be some strange physics we don't know yet? What's really strange about the fish fall in Yoro is that it happens about the same time every year. It happens so often, they have a name for it: lluvia de peces, which means "raining of fish." So it couldn't be a waterspout. It has to be something more to it. If lluvia de peces can't be explained by random waterspouts, then what could it be? According to some scientists, the answer could be even stranger than, well, fish falling out of a clear blue sky. There are places on Earth, like the Bermuda Triangle in the Caribbean, where you do have these very, very strange occurrences that happen. People talk about flying into these electronic fogs. I think you have to have some new physics involved besides just a waterspout. Matter is inherently electromagnetic. And so, if you have a bunch of moving gas o‐or liquid, then you are actually creating a flow of electromagnetism, which could create a vortex disturbance that may have allowed this phenomenon. It's as if you can create some kind of space‐time portal that, uh, transports these fish or frogs. Just the waterspout explanation seems barely plausible to me. Could interdimensional portals be what causes fish to suddenly appear in Yoro every year? Perhaps. But for the people of Yoro, the question is academic. As far as they're concerned, the fish are a welcome sight, no matter what brings about their arrival. If you look at the people of Yoro, they go outside and they pick up all this fish for dinner. They put it into buckets. It's a positive thing. So if we look at it like this, we take something that's out of our sphere of knowledge and we deal with it. In ages past, fish falling from the sky was the wrath of God. I don't think we're afraid anymore. But I also think that there are some things about weather that we may not understand, we may never understand. But that's okay. Until we're able to verify whether animal rain is due to waterspouts, or something more exotic, it seems all we can do is either keep searching for answers or grab a bucket. But imagine how differently we might feel if we had the power to actually harness the forces of nature and control the weather. Beautiful, isn't it? But what if I told you that the St. Louis Arch is more than just an impressive monument or a tourist attraction? What if I told you that there are people who actually believe it can control the weather? Sounds preposterous, huh? Well, we shall see. Standing 630 feet tall and 630 feet wide, the St. Louis Arch is the world's tallest freestanding arch. Memorializing Thomas Jefferson, Lewis and Clark, and other great pioneers, the arch has been nicknamed "the Gateway to the West." Each leg of the arch is sunk in almost 24,000 tons of concrete, 60 feet deep, enough to withstand earthquakes and winds as strong as 150 miles an hour. The exterior is comprised of 2,000 tons of stainless steel. The most ever used for any single project in history. It is, in short, a modern engineering marvel. But that's not even the most incredible thing about it. Heavy, dark, dangerous thunderstorms have been known, on many occasions, to head directly for the city of St. Louis. And as they get closer, they seem to split right down the middle, go out and around the city, and reconnect after they've passed the city of St. Louis. People have said for years and years and years that it has to do with the St. Louis Arch. It's very strange, but there does seem to be an effect where thunderstorms tend to kind of break apart when they get near this thing, and they reform afterwards. It doesn't mean that St. Louis doesn't have thunderstorms. It does. But it doesn't seem to have as many thunderstorms in the area of that arch. The St. Louis Arch's alleged power to redirect thunderstorms has led some to give this phenomenon a name: the arch effect. Some people believe that the St. Louis Arch is changing the flow of the air that's causing weather patterns to occur or not. But a storm cloud top is 10,000 to 50,000 feet high. The arch is only gonna be a few hundred feet high at best. So how is this affecting something that is so much larger? I think we all are well aware of the way structures certainly impact airflow, air currents and winds. And the arch is certainly very large and very geometric, and I think it does have what we might call local micro effects. But what kind of influences could that have on sort of larger weather systems, particularly storms, either attracting or not attracting thunderstorms? That's harder to kind of really wrap your head around. If the shape of the St. Louis Arch isn't the reason it's capable of affecting the weather, then what is? According to some scientists, it's not how the arch was designed but what it's made of. Now, as you look at the design of this thing, it's a stainless steel structure. It's completely unique architecturally. It's basically a ring made of metal. Metal is a conductor. The various stainless steels and other metals that are in it conduct electromagnetic energy. You could, you know, connect a battery to one side of the arch and light a flashlight on the other side of it. And that's‐that's fairly unique. You can't do that with most skyscrapers. So, one mechanism where it could affect the local weather is to short out the Earth's electric field in that vicinity. In a weird way, it's kind of an oddly shaped big lightning rod. And normally we think of lightning rods as being sharp and pointed, and there's a clear ion electromagnetic effect. It has been proven by Nikola Tesla and other scientists that you can use electromagnetic fields to create holes in the atmosphere to manipulate the weather. Could generating a powerful enough electromagnetic field actually make it possible to manipulate something as vast and unpredictable as weather? It's an intriguing and somewhat unnerving notion. But believe it or not, in 1990, the United States military conducted a series of experiments designed to do just that. There was a secret program by the military called HAARP, which was instituted to try to understand the ionosphere. This is a matter of national security. Communications go through the upper atmosphere called the ionosphere, and we have to study it. So HAARP shot radio frequency radiation into the ionosphere to see how it was distributed around the planet Earth. If you look, there have been many direct correlations between major storms and HAARP being active. It could be that the hurricanes and superstorms and tornadoes that are created while HAARP is working are actually just a‐a side effect. But the people that are operating this device understand and know its potential for use as a weather weapon. Is the St. Louis Arch not only an impressive national monument but also evidence of the United States government's ongoing attempts to control the weather? Perhaps the answer lies not by examining the design of the St. Louis Arch but by investigating the extraordinary career of the man who designed it. As World War II rages across several continents, acclaimed architect and eventual designer of the St. Louis Arch, Eero Saarinen, is secretly enlisted by the United States military to work for a new clandestine organization. It's name, the OSS: Office of Strategic Services. Or, as it is known today, the CIA. The fact that Eero Saarinen was in the OSS designing weapons systems during World War II, and at a time when the OSS was looking into ways to "weaponize weather," makes his whole connection to the design of the St. Louis Arch extremely interesting. Now, that isn't to say I believe it can control the weather, but it does open the door to the idea that it might have been one of the things Saarinen was out to achieve. While at the OSS, Saarinen designed buildings and weapons systems, many of which were never completed or built. Is it possible he later used these secret plans to engineer the St. Louis Arch, creating something that can actually control or perhaps harness the weather? Controlling the weather is the ultimate superweapon. It's even more powerful than the atomic bomb. So, if Eero Saarinen was involved in analyzing and studying the possibility of weather modification, and you put all those factors together, and I think you have a guy that basically conducted a big, giant weather modification experiment with the St. Louis Arch. Weather as a weapon? There are some who think the idea is not as preposterous as it seems. Especially when considering that even today, many world governments are pouring millions of dollars into research designed to manipulate weather. I think weather modification has definitely been an ongoing endeavor of governments all over the world for decades. The St. Louis Arch appears to be an experiment in weather modification. The HAARP device appears to be an experiment in weather modification. Who knows what the Russians or the Chinese are doing? There's some sort of technology out there. There's been lots of work in the field of weather control. Using silver iodide inside of thunderstorms to decrease the size of hail. That goes on in many parts of the world to alleviate that problem. They're always firing rockets into the atmosphere in China to manipulate the weather. But is this a good idea? You wonder, if you could steer a tornado, what would it take? Even a nuclear weapon might just nudge it, if even that. One challenge with that is, your shockwave is gonna be hard to focus, perhaps, and it might cause the damage you were hoping to avoid with the tornado. I would be looking at how much can I control or change local pressures in the atmosphere near and around the tornado. These are forces at work that could wipe out major cities. And we're finding out every day new things that we've never seen before. So maybe the lesson learned here is: we shouldn't meddle with forces that we don't really understand. Because we may not like the result. Weather. At its best it can cleanse and renew, but at its most extreme it can destroy everything in its path. No matter how much time and money we spend trying to control it and predict it, it remains, as many things in our world, among the unexplained. Subtitled by Diego Moraes  www.oakisland.tk 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 