The Penguins of Madagascar: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Penguins of Madagascar 
 s1e2 - Operation: Plush and Cover - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Penguins of Madagascar (2008–2015): Season 1, Episode 2 - Operation: Plush and Cover - full transcript 
 When stuffed Mort dolls become popular, Julien gets jealous & gets them recalled. Unfortunately, the real-life Mort is accidentally sent back to the factory. Maurice bribes the zoo animals to celebrate "King Julien Day" by offering them candy. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The We Like To Move It Crew presents: Cute and cuddly, boys. What? Is that... Are you... But how are all these Mort? Help! Maurice, there are Morts here, there, and everywhere. I must be dreaming. The most horrible dream inside my head. Quick, pinch me. Now bite me. Now slap my face, and spank my right buttock. Am I awake? They're the new stuffed Mort dolls from the zoo gift shop. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The kids just love 'em. Just look at this silly Mort doll thing. It is the most ugliest and stupidest... That's actually the real Mort. Hi, it's me. Very well. Onto new business. Please refrain from yanking the hats off visitors when they stroll past your habitats. There are legal issues, and more importantly, it's just plain rude. Of course, we can still fling poo at them. That's tradition. Those new Mort dolls sure are cute. I would go so far as to call them 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 downright adorable, Marlene. The more of me, the merrier! Come on, cheer up. At least you have a toy. The last shipment of otter dolls was sent back to the factory. Sent back, you are saying? Well, they did have a few... I don't know... Minor defects. Defects? Now, there is an idea. What's up with the fuss? I dunno. I have to wait for my away team to report before declaring "Defcom Red". Real quick, what exactly is a "Defcom Red"? Classified. Just hope you never live to see one, sister. Skipper, reports indicate that the new Mort plushes are tainted with some sort of toxic substance. They're recalling the whole inventory back to the factory. A factory recall? Wait a second. It's Alice. No wonder they're sending these things back. Skipper, look. No, that's me in there. I like me. Bring me back. I fall! Sad eyes. Why do the other me stink? It was you, wasn't it? No, of course not. How daring of you! Wait, what do you mean? What did you do to the Mort dolls? I am certain I must not have the slightly, foggiest idea of what you are speaking of. Have at them, my foul black and white friends. Yes! Spray away! You there, go, go! You missed a spot. Fine. I was maybe indirectly responsible, in a way that's not my fault for the recalling of the annoying Mort dolls. Who is caring? - Mort. - The real Mort. The one that was taken along with his stuffed toys. Stop. Stop with the being so ridiculous. The real Mort is right here, safe and soundly. Isn't that right, Mort? Well, can't we just keep this one instead? Somebody has to go after him. Don't worry. This is what we do. What have I done? I already miss having that annoying Mort around so that I can hate him. We have a confirmed address on the target. Now some transport. I told Harry, that I'm gonna write him up, next time he's late. I know everything that goes on around here. Everything. - Kowalski, report. - It's dark. I concur. Rico, weapons check. Outstanding. Private, sound off. - Are we there yet? - Not yet, Private. Wait for it. Wait for it. And... Move out. Now! Right. Back in the box. Any word on the rescue? We have a delivery confirmation. Skipper and company were delivered to the factory at exactly 7:30 A.M. Eastern standard time. Signed for by a C.W. Smith. Get him out of sight. Have you by passed the security scanner yet? I can't seem to crack the retinal scrambling code. Keep at it. Mort's here somewhere. And he's counting on us. Switching to collate on my mark. Five, four, three. Evasive action. Do we have enemy movement? We're taking fire! We're also giving some, right, Rico? Steady, boys. Stand by to toast this marshmallow. Popcorn, anyone? It's fresh. How did he get here? I sent myself super-platinum premier overnight express. This is how a king is to be rolling. But you're the reason Mort's here in the first place. Which is why I must lend my kingly cleverness to help. So who enjoys the honor of carrying my luggage? Stamp his royal highness return to sender. You win. Forget the luggage. Skipper, we could use an extra set of eyes to cover our left flank. All right, Ringtail. You're in. Ringtail. Is this my code name? Sweet mother MacArthur! Will you just take a look opposition? Why did you not just say so? Defective items scheduled for immediate destruction. Somebody help me! This crown is all wrong. My noble kingly nose is looking too big here. Where is the quality controlling in this dump? What? You are now officially a hazard to this operation. Double time it, boys. Just stay out of sight, Ringtail. Kowalski, hit the kill switch. Kill the hit switch! Switch the kill hit! Danger. Danger. What kind of sick and twisted toy factory is this? Hang on. I'm going to by pass the central wire... Rico, surprise me. Last words, anyone? Ringtail to the rescue! No need to drop to your knees to thank and worship me. We're safe! And so, as of tonight, there's been no word from the penguins or Julien concerning their valiant efforts to rescue Mort. I'm afraid we'll have to assume the worst. You guys made it! And Mort! He's home! I am so happy to have my kingdom together again. Mort, you are free to resume worshiping me. There's no place like home. Check it out. The zoo has a new bestseller. Well, would you look at that. Kudos, Private. Anybody? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 