The Penguins of Madagascar: Season 1, Episode 22 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Penguins of Madagascar 
 s1e22 - Out of the Groove/Jungle Law - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Penguins of Madagascar (2008–2015): Season 1, Episode 22 - Out of the Groove/Jungle Law - full transcript 
 Julien is horrified when the baboons dance routine is getting more attention than his own. His attempts to sabotage the baboons blow up in his face when they steal his "groove." 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Downloaded From www.AllSubs.org Ahh, hobby day. It's like taking a regular day and making it a saturday. But it is saturday, Skipper. Hmm, it's working already. Help me, please! This better be life or death, ringtail, or we can arrange those stakes. It's much worse! My groove! It is gone! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Your... huh? What? My groove. my boogie. My festive fandangoiness. Are you talking about dancing? Are you daft? Hear my words and see my booty. So you think you can't dance. Oh, cruel fate. I remember it like it was yesterday. Mostly because it was yesterday. All right, Maurice, hit it! Are my peoples loving it? Not really. look at them, Maurice! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The baboons have stolen my peoples! That darla is bewitching them with her shaking booty. Hmm, I know I'm bewitched. Yes, she is quite good. But that is no excuse! So I decided to have a little talk with darla and explain my feelings. Ahhh! I've been skunk-bombed! Whoa, that does stink. Ah, much better. Having settled the matter fairly, I went back to giving the peoples their entertainment. Look at them, Maurice. Now it is my quaking booty that is doing the bewitching. I know I'm bewitched. But those baboons, they would not listen to sabotage I mean, reason. Did you drop that fuzzy bag o' stank into our habitat? That is a wild accusation! So y'all saying you didn't do it? Oh, no, I did it. I just think the accusation is wild. Now let me say this slow, cause I can tell you got a bad case of the stupids. Maurice! How did she see the ??? medical report? You're either gonna to apologize, or my girls and I are gonna make us a set of lemur coats. Ohhhh, can I have one? I cancel my order. Well, I demand an apology for your demanding of an apology! So there, miss steals-all-my-peoples! Now, look, darla, we can work this out. Forget it, hon. not gonna happen. Girls, bring me the jar! You won't dance when I put your groove in this ja No, you won't prance when I put your groove in this jar. stand right where you are while I put your groove in this jar yes, it's true, my friend you're never gonna dance again since I put your groove in this jar Okay, aside from some terribly substandard singing, what just happened? Backwoods magic, that's what. I put all your "groove" into this jar. there is no such thing as "backwoods " magic. The sky spirits told me that. Oh? Then let's see you dance. Prepare yourself for the amazement. Maurice? give me a beat. Look out now. So? y'all believe in my magic now? N-n-n-n-no. Nooooooooooooo! So now you are understanding why I am needing your help? Help me, penguins! Help me so that my groove may fill my booty once more! Ah, this is clearly psychosomatic. You believe your dance skills have been stolen; therefore you can't shake it. Right. It's all in your little head, ringtail. No, no, no, the groove is not to be in my head. It is to be in my booty. But it's not there either. Look. Uh, I got your boat out for you. Got any ideas for this? Look, darla, can you just give ringtail his groove back? Well, sure I can, darling. Yes, thank you. Thank you! Soon as he apologizes for skunk-blasting me and my gals! Oh, I won't do that. Apologizing is for the weak and wrong, which is why you should do it to me, because you are weak and wrong. And you dance badly. Okay, you may resume negotiating. Fine. Phase one: the art of illusion. Phase two begins when we insert Rico into the hot zone. With his stunning disguise as cover, .. Months! Years! Then, once he's gained their complete trust, he'll give the signal. At that point, we commence phase three: Aerial onslaught. That's when the fun begins. We'll rain flaming righteousness down on those baboons. Yes, there'll be collateral damage! Um, excuse me. Wouldn't it be easier to just sneak into their habitat and take the jar? Like I just did? Well... Yeah, sure. That... That could work too. My groove! Oh, thank you. Thank you! Darla, you have saved my groove! Oh, wait. You're not giving it back, are you? Well, that depends. You ready to say you're sorry? Depends. Are you saying you're sorry? Then I guess that's a big ol' no. Think you've got all the angles covered, don't you, baboon? But you didn't count on this monkey wrench. Run, Maurice! I'm flying! I'm fly I got it! Rico, catch! My... my groove. Kiss it good-bye, honey. You ain't never dancing again! N-n-n-no. Buck up, ringtail. Buck up, ringtail. groove? What the deuce? That ain't right. Kowalski, analysis. Skipper, you seem to be shaking your booty. Quite impressively, I might add. But I'm not doing this. Something's making me dance. You--you have my groove! It is not all bye-byed after all! Get it out of me! I don't know how. Guess who does? Is it Santa? Ye--what? No! I'm the only one who can fix this. But am I gonna? Santa would. Well, I ain't santa! What if Julien apologized? That's all I'm asking, hon. Have I not made my policy on apologizing clear? It is for the weak and wrong! Listen, ringtail, I'm about to show you just how weak and wrong you are! Apologize now! Okay, then. Let's dance. I can't look away from the raw, savage splendor. I want to cry, but I don't know if it's because I've never seen anything so beautiful Or something so horrific. I have never... Wow. Just wow. Penguin's funny. Okay, okay, no more. Mercy! I, you know, apologize to you. Groove, move. What? That's it? No song? I think... Yes, it is! My grooviness is back! Thank you, thank you! Mort, Maurice, come! We have to play catch up on the lost booty shakes! I don't get it. What in the world made me shake my tail feathers like that? Maybe darla's magic was real. Don't be ridiculous, Private. Cold, hard science negates even the possibility of magic. Okay, then maybe Skipper has a dancer buried deep inside him. Magic's real. Case closed. But science Nope, I said case closed. www.tvsubtitles.net Downloaded From www.AllSubs.org 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 