Bloodlands: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bloodlands 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bloodlands (2021–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 Tom Brannick enlists the help of Heather Pentland to find out what Jackie Twomey knows about Goliath. Tori Matthews and Tom's daughter Izzy put pressure on Tom to get to the truth. With ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 My brother was having an affair with another man's wife. She gave him a pendant with an owl on it. He managed to get a parcel to me before he died. He says it's a collection of all the leads he has to Goliath. I'll take it away as evidence. Your mum used to say it helped her see in the dark. Daddy, this is yours. Your mum and I both had one. Emma Brannick - she was more than just the wife. Indeed. 14 Intelligence Company. A spook. I think I know who Goliath is. Jackie Twomey. Adam mentions Jackie in the documents. I won't be able to gather evidence against him effectively, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 not without him being across all of it. Well, then I'll help you. It's done. Are you sure it'll lead to other things? I believe it will. And we have the right man? We do. They found a fingerprint on the postcard. The print belonged to Adam Corry. Jackie Twomey, I'm arresting you on suspicion of the murder of Adam Corry. You do not have to say anything but it may harm your defence if you do not mention when questioned something that you later rely on in court. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn Birdy. This is the interview team down from Belfast. Ma'am. Can you make sure you look after them while they're here? Aye, sir. I do have a soft spot for the funny-looking ones. Do you understand? I said you've been cautioned because incriminating evidence has been found in your possession that has the fingerprints of a murder victim on it. Do you understand? I do. What else? Er, I beg your pardon? What else did they find? Nothing. Well, so far. Just prints on a postcard? Does that seem right to you? So, the postcard was placed in the pages of a book. It was a First World War history... She's letting him lead. She's very good at this, sir. It's not my book. It was on your book shelf. It's not mine. Well, whose, is it? Adam Corry had a collection of similar books. Is it his? Our paths never crossed. Never? No. Oh, right. If I was to ask you when was the last time you saw Adam Corry...? I've only ever seen him dead, as the victim of an ongoing murder enquiry. Never alive? No. Never? No. Er, are you aware of a pub called the Dunfolan Arms? I am. Did you drink there regularly when you were an RUC officer stationed here from 1986 to 1999? MOBILE BUZZES I did. Er, these are statements from former officers at RUC Dunfolan, and each one of them confirms that Adam Corry was a regular at the Dunfolan Arms, and, in the 12 months after his brother's disappearance in 1998, he was repeatedly asked to leave by management for bothering officers drinking there. He was eventually barred. Do you remember that? Yeah, I do. So, an order was signed stopping officers from RUC Dunfolan drinking at the Dunfolan Arms. It was placed OOB. The fact that they were identified off duty was deemed a security risk. Ah, this is that order. Do you recognise the signature at the bottom? It's mine. But then there is this account from one of the former officers' statements, which says one night you "bawled Adam Corry out", telling him to stay away from your officers. And this disagreement, shall we say, er, was, um, supported by an account in Adam Corry's journal, where he says that you told him that his brother got what he deserved. Do you remember that? Um...maybe. Maybe? The man was a nuisance. His brother was a terrorist. But you did know who he was. Now that I come to think of him... His dead face wasn't enough of a reminder, no? Now let me ask you again. When was the last time you saw Adam Corry, alive? I...I don't recall. Oh, Jackie... Right. Let's go back to the book. It's not my bloody book! I'd like to talk to my client, please. Go ahead. Alone. Right. MOBILE RINGS Um, interview paused at 11:36. We will resume after lunch. MOBILE CONTINUES RINGING HE SIGHS Listen, I, um... ..I've got to pop out. Er, Izzy, she's upset about something. I won't be long. Wow. He was taken into custody yesterday. Thank God. Apart from what we planted, what else did they find? Forensics relating to Adam. Blood? Fingerprints. Where? Inside the caravan. Just fingerprints? So far. We need more. You won't get a conviction on that. Leave it to me. What about all the other evidence? The stuff that Adam sent me. It's still being examined. And the necklace? Adam's notes said that that had significance. Did they not find any DNA on that? These things take time. Time? I've waited 22 years. Birdy, what's the latest? Chasing forensics on the postcard found in Jackie's caravan, but I'm getting nowhere. SHE SIGHS HE KNOCKS Can I have a word? Well, we were just about to go back. You need to go for the facts that position him as Goliath. PHONE RINGS DCI Brannick's phone. OVER PHONE: Hi, Niamh. It's Izzy. Oh, hi, Izzy. Go after his work with Special Branch, huh? How he accounts for running an unofficial IRA source. You sound like you're feeling better. Why do you say that? Oh, just what your dad said. He was on his way to see you? That's news to me. I'm feeling grand. I'm fine. My mistake. I must have misheard him. I'll pass that on. Thanks, Niamh. No bother. Bye. Bye. Bye. OVER PHONE: You are currently on hold. Is that management hub? OVER PHONE: Yes, it is, sir. Can you tell me the last number to dial this line? Thanks. You OK, sir? Yes, Birdy. There are gaps in what we know about you. We need to talk about the work you were doing for intelligence, around the time of the Peace Agreement. Part of your operational duties... HE EXHALES Izzy said she spoke to you. Aye. Mm. Yeah, one minute she's crying, the next she's grand. She won't tell anyone what's going on. All this, it's... ..taking its toll. At that time, did you use a post office box in town for your operational duties? Would you like me to repeat the...? We all did. Er, what was the number of your post office box? Do you remember? 2421. And did you use it to set up meetings with an IRA source? Um... ..Joe Harkin? Yes. See, we weren't able to find any record of that activity. No handler ID. Nothing. Was it approved? No. We're talking about a serious breach of security. It even made its way into pages of Adam Corry's journal. What was the thinking behind it? I couldn't declare it. Why not? I was a Catholic officer working in the RUC. To some of my colleagues, I was the enemy, even though we were wearing the same uniform. They didn't think they could trust me, and I certainly didn't trust them. Well, needless to say, you were working outside the rules. The rules, in those days, were open to interpretation. Huh. Do you remain in contact with Joe Harkin's widow, Siobhan Harkin? Taped under your sink in your caravan. It's only her number in the call log. When was the last time you spoke to her? Recently. What did you talk about? I told her that this might come out. Shit. This is where it gets sticky, because you know what it's like not to trust your fellow officers, and now they know you're in contact with a woman who is being questioned in relation to an ongoing case. The rules, now, are not subject to interpretation. Did you talk to Siobhan Harkin about the kidnapping of Pat Keenan? I did. The same Pat Keenan who allegedly tried to have Siobhan killed. Have you influenced police investigation before for Siobhan Harkin? I have not influenced anything. Would Siobhan Harkin see you as a trustworthy insider? No. Did you try to influence the Goliath investigation so that Pat Keenan became a suspect? No. You never gave Goliath much credence, did you? What? You never believed he existed. Indeed, in the interests of keeping the peace, you encouraged your subordinate officers to not investigate Goliath. That is a gross misrepresentation. You replaced Superintendent Diane McAllister, apparently influencing - there's that word again - influencing the ACC District Command's call on whether she was fit to continue. On what grounds? She... ..she was losing control of the district. This allowed you to position yourself with an overview of the Goliath investigation, to hinder it, if needs be. You're wrong. You pushed the manhunt for Keenan above all other lines of inquiry, and there's nothing wrong with that, but you did it to the detriment of the Goliath investigation. Where is your permanent residence... ..DCS Twomey? Belfast. And where is your temporary residence, while you're working down here? The caravan. Can you be more specific? A static caravan on the shores of Strangford Lough. Thank you. Do you always lock your caravan? I do. There was no forced entry. I'm sorry? There was no forced entry to your caravan. There was no trace of anyone else but you. And you say that this book is not yours, but how did it get there without you putting it there? I don't know. And how did the postcard get inside the book? I don't know. And you denied knowing Adam Corry, but you did know him. Not personally. You had, still have, unsanctioned relationships with sources within the IRA. You influenced an ongoing police investigation in favour of those sources. I did not influence anything. And when her husband, Joe Harkin, who allegedly was assassinated by the individual called Goliath, an individual who you tried to suppress an investigation into... That is an outright fabrication! ..in a line of inquiry over 20 years ago... I will not sit here while you pull together strands of unrelated information into... I can see no other motive than covering your tracks. ..a tidy bow of bullshit. Adam Corry, in the pages of his diary that aren't missing, comes to the conclusion that the most likely candidate for Goliath is you. And now he's dead, killed in the same was as his brother. What conclusion are we supposed to draw from this? Whatever you like. I...I can't watch any more. Find anything useful yet? Well, it's still only the postcard and the fingerprints. Fingerprints... Jesus, yous must be desperate. Thought you said he was a good fit for it. On a personal level, aye. Listen, I don't particularly care for the man, but if Jackie is responsible for this murder, we'd have found something by now - clothing fibres, saliva, skin, blood. An auld lad crumbles like a leper in a bath. Adam Corry would have left something behind. If it isn't Jackie...? Then it's your Goliath. You just need to find the person who stands the most to gain from framing Jackie Twomey. OVER WALKIE: Four, five, we're on our way to you now. Is it all clear to enter? Proceed. Sarge. Thank you. DOG BARKS I got your message. If Jackie needs help, I'll do what I can. Who are you? I mean, he just gave me your number, said you owed him one. I need to know anything you can tell me about Emma Brannick's disappearance. She worked under the call sign Greenfinch. Give me a couple of hours. Come over! DOG BARKS PHONE RINGS Brannick. OVER PHONE: It's Dinger. I've got some news. So, the forensic analysis of the postcard they found in Jackie's caravan has come back. It's not from the same batch found in the Keenan investigation. And, on closer examination of the lock on the caravan door, there are signs that it was forced... ..most likely by someone with a skeleton key that only partially worked. We have to discount the evidence. But there are still substantial concerns about Jackie. Well, you need to put those in your report, but, in the meantime, we need to focus our attention on who has tried to frame DCS Twomey. Will I get your clothes, sir? You don't like the tracksuit? Just get my clothes, Birdy. This is bullshit. It was out of my hands. I did my best. But they had so much to go on, a bloody box full of evidence. It's not enough. When will it ever be? You know, I stuck my neck out for this. What the hell is going to happen to me now? I understand. I'm really sorry. Sorry? You're sorry? I know the boy that owns this car park. His wife did the flowers for my son's first communion. Oh, come on, Tom, it couldn't be that bad. Couldn't be any worse than being chained to a radiator in your underwear. What do you want? Chief Superintendent Twomey - is it true you've been investigating him? That wouldn't have anything to do with my kidnap, would it? Have you found out who that woman is? Don't you have a business to run? How's your daughter? Just remember this - eventually, someone will answer for what happened to me, with or without you. Find that woman. I'll be waiting for your call. You were missed today. Where are you going? The Mournes. I've got a place up there. Can't commute? No, I need to get a bit of head space. Get myself right. Do you want to talk about it? No. What is that? It's my birthday present from my daddy. My mummy had one just like it. It's nice, isn't it? It's an owl. Mm-hm, to help me see in the dark. Do you like it? Boss's medical records. What is it you're looking for? When Emma Brannick disappeared, the boss went on medical leave for a rugby injury. There. The 19th of February 1998, sickness absence for a recurring hip injury. It never happened again. So, it was cured? MOBILE RINGS McGovern. Go ahead. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Thank you. Who was that? A source. The Goliath disappearances went Joe Harkin first, Simon Quinlan second, David Corry third, then the DCI reported his wife's disappearance on the 1st of March 1998, making her the last disappearance attributed to Goliath at that time. But the last time Emma Brannick reported to her unit was on the 18th of February 1998, three days before Joe Harkin went missing. Emma Brannick wasn't the last to go missing. She was the first. What was the date of the boss's medical leave again? It's the 19th of February. So, on the 18th of February 1998, Emma Brannick goes missing. On the 19th of February 1998... ..the boss goes on leave. Jesus. This all started with the boss and his wife. MOBILE RINGS Yeah? You know that necklace with the owl on it? Is that still with Adam's evidence? Uh-huh. Where is that evidence? You didn't hand it in, did you? Adam said David was given that necklace by a lover to help him see in the dark. Well, those same words were just spoken by your daughter when I asked her about the necklace she was wearing, the one with the owl on it. The one with your initial on the back. Listen to me. No. That time has passed. IZZY: Everything OK? No! Sorry, just give me a minute. That's OK, take your time. Where... Where are you? Don't... Don't you touch her. You have some explaining to do. I'll send you an address. Come alone. Don't call her, don't message her, and if you were to try something, well... ..she could always disappear. Tori... Tori...! SHE KNOCKS Sir? They've not finished with me, you know. They'll regather. I followed up on the intelligence contact you gave me, sir. We need to talk about DCI Brannick. The way he described his wife's disappearance is in doubt, sir. I believe she went missing nearly three weeks before he reported it. Something is not right. MOBILE RINGS The DCI has switched his phone off, sir. When he left the station we started tracking his phone, and he's been headed south. The last place we tracked him to was here. In the Mournes. What's he doing there? Headed to the border, to the Free State? Alert all units at the border. Keep on him. Hi. Don't fuck this up. Hi. Right. Well, I'll leave you two to it, then. Smells good. It won't for much longer, unless I work my magic. WHISPERS: Good luck. In here. Shut the door. Sit down. You haven't told her anything? I said I wanted you here to take our relationship further. It's just you, then? It's just me. Are you armed? I am. I have to be, but you have nothing to fear. Is that right? My daughter is in the next room. Otherwise I'd be fair game. No, no. You loved your wife. I did. The pendants... ..they're a romantic touch. And those words, "To help me see in the dark." So intimate. I don't care what you think you know. But you do, Tom. You're here. So fearful that she might find out, that your daughter might learn what kind of man you are. Will I call her in? No. You took revenge on the man who stole your wife. That's not... Maybe you already had a taste for it. I mean, Joe Harkin... My father. Listen, I am telling you... For God's sake. You had me plant evidence to incriminate your boss, your friend. Were the fingerprints already on the postcard? You had me, though. You did, with your idea of a wife. Maybe that was my fault. Maybe I wanted to believe that we had a common cause. We do. No, we don't. I don't know what it is that makes you tick. I mean, you could just be a jealous man. You could just be greedy. Maybe there's a darkness in you that I just don't understand, but you have killed, for whatever reason. I know you have. Um... I came home and found my baby alone in her crib. She was screaming, she was hungry. That's when David Corry called. He told me he had my wife. He made it clear that if I ever wanted to see her again, if my child were to have a mother, then I was to... ..I was to do certain things. Kill my father. You see, I had no choice. We had a one-year-old. She was my baby. I would have raised an army to protect her. Joe Harkin, your dad, they never had any intention of keeping the peace. You don't know that. They were waiting on a shipment of weapons, two high-powered sniper rifles from America, when I... HE GROANS I was best placed to know their whereabouts. They had gone to an island to take delivery of the weapons. Only we, the RUC, knew where they'd be, and even then just a handful of us. But because Harkin was assisting the RUC elsewhere, we were told to leave the delivery well alone. How did they die? Quickly. A gun makes things brief. It's the... It's the memory that's anything but. I told David Corry that I had done what he asked. He told me to leave the weapons, go home, wait. Emma would be returned to me. But I knew those rifles only had one purpose. I couldn't let them onto the streets, so I lay in wait. Eventually David arrived. Emma was with him. They didn't know I was there. I watched them. They... They behaved like a couple. I knew straight away she was never... She had no intention of coming back to me. So you shot them? I shot him. Her, I... I stood over her. I knew I was capable of doing it... ..after all she had done to me, to all of us, you know, but... ..she was still my wife. She was still Izzy's mother. I told her to leave. I knew she could just disappear. Where is she now? I honestly don't know. And Adam? Adam... Adam worked it out. I pleaded with him. I begged him to tell me who you were. I thought you knew more than you did. I thought you were going to burn my life to the ground. I still can. Killing Adam was the worst thing I've done in 22 years. I thought I'd moved on from that. With each day I tried to... Each day with Izzy was a step further away from that. But I realise now that I'm... ..I'm still the same man. I don't want to be. HE STIFLES CRY I don't want to be. I cared about my daddy... ..every step of the way... ..even in death. I was brave enough to find out what became of him... ..to fight for justice... ..you will face justice for what you have done. You will hand yourself in and you will confess. Izzy... ..it'll destroy her. And in case you decide to back out of it, I need proof, something that shows beyond doubt that you are Goliath, otherwise it's your word against a terrorist's daughter. No. Don't tell her. Why? So you can enjoy a life you've no right to? Leave me alone with her. Let me talk to her. There's a gun. It ties me to all of them. Where? You have to promise me, once you know where it is... ..leave me to tell Izzy. IZZY HUMS LINE RINGS Sir?! The phone's back online. It looks like a house about two miles north of Silent Valley. Sir. Eddie, we have his location out on the Mournes. We have to stop Tom Brannick now. Repeat it back to me. OK. What's wrong? She left. Go after her. Birdy says the DCI is on the move heading north, Strangford direction. I'll take HMSU and stay with the signal. You go to that house. Find out what's there. Sir. Niamh, don't take any risks. CREAKING DOOR OPENS DOOR SHUTS WITH BANG LOUD THUD, WIND BLOWS SHE GASPS SHE SIGHS Hello? LOUD THUD Is this what you're looking for? SHE GASPS Maybe you don't recognise me, with my clothes on. GUNSHOTS BIRDS SQUAWK FOOTSTEPS APPROACH Jesus. You were right to call me. I was humiliated, but somebody has answered for it now. Not quite. You bastard. HE GROANS GUNSHOT Armed police. Do not move. Hands up, hands up. Hands where we can see them. Get on the ground now. Don't move! On the ground. Don't move! I'm a police officer. ALL SHOUT AT SAME TIME Drop the weapon. I'm putting it down. Jackie? Lower your weapons. Pat Keenan? He was armed? The pistol. It's a 9mm. The Goliath firearm. Has to be. Did you shoot him, Tom? Yes. Daddy! Izzy? Daddy! Izzy, Izzy. Izzy. I have you. I have you. Daddy, who's that? Darling, it's Tori. It's Tori. Don't look. Don't look. Don't... No, Izzy. Izzy! No, no, no. Stop her. Izzy! Christ's sake, stop her. No! No! No! Izzy! No! Leave her, leave her. Let's go home. We assessed your communication history and detected a call made from your registered mobile phone at 16:09 for 32 seconds to an unregistered mobile phone. Tori Matthews gave me that number. She said it was her work phone. I called it when she didn't come back to the house. So, why didn't they find it on her? I don't know. She wasn't what she seemed. Tori was Simon Quinlan's daughter. He kept them secret up in the mountains. We now know her DNA proves she was the woman involved in the kidnapping of Pat Keenan. She must have been convinced that Keenan was Goliath. Are you convinced that Keenan was Goliath? Well? Are you? Yes. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 