Bloodlands: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bloodlands 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bloodlands (2021–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 Tom continues to search for Pat Keenan's kidnapper, hoping they will lead him to Goliath. But is somebody leading him down a false trail? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The postcard was taped inside the wing mirror of Pat Keenan's car. God help us if it's Goliath. In '98, a handful of us were made aware of a possible assassin. He was never identified, but could only have been an inside man. We called him Goliath, after the crane. These are the original Goliath disappearances, David Corry, Joe Harkin and Father Simon Quinlan. He also murdered my wife. Your mum used to say it helped her see in the dark. Daddy, this is yours. Your mum and I both had one. My daughter's third year medicine. What's her name? I'll keep an eye out for her. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 David Corry, he has a brother, Adam. Never bought the official version of what happened. We're looking again. A woman reports suspicious activity on an island in the lough. Who did she report it to? You lot. Why didn't you tell me? Remember the times we were living in. His wife was taken, sir. She could be here. You could have been here 20 years ago. Goliath! You're after Goliath. It's connected to the Keenan case. I told you to keep the peace. Every hour that Pat Keenan is missing is another hour of problems for this service. Go! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 POLICE SHOUT Pat. Pat Keenan. It's all right. It's OK. Boss? We're still on the island. We've found something. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn All right, gentlemen, clear this up. Don't leave anything behind you. Niamh. Can I have a word? What did you see on the island? The same thing as you. No, you found them. You had a longer look. What did you see? Three bodies, not buried in any particular way, almost like they were dumped on top of each other. With two of the bodies, contact shots to the back of the head, small entry wounds. Looked like a nine-millimetre. Larger exit wounds to the front. The third, from what I can tell, is different. Shot in the side of the head. This person knew what they were doing. These were cold-blooded executions. Yeah, enough. The first CSIs on the island yesterday... ..they couldn't tell me if any of the bodies were women. We need to know. I need to know. 20 years. I can't imagine what that must be like. Awful. Due to these...developments... The discovery of Goliath's victims, you mean. We don't know that yet. Come on. We've her detective work to thank for this, you know. Good job, Niamh. But I've said it before, and I'm not wrong, all we can do is go after the live case. We have someone in the present who has kidnapped a former member of the IRA for reasons that remain unclear. It's not unclear to us, sir. It's possible the Keenan case has been orchestrated by someone who wants us to find Goliath. She's right. There were no calling cards in '98. Look, you go and see how the investigation at the hotel is getting on. You'll take charge of the island until we can establish jurisdiction. Sir. What's happening? Nothing to be done. Because the bodies have been there a while, whether we proceed or not is not our decision. Whose is it? Time Team. You're not familiar with the nicknames yet, no? The Independent Commission for the Location of Victims' Remains. I've heard of the ICLVR. Anything that predates the Peace Agreement belongs to them. Sorry, I haven't introduced myself properly. Justin Bell. Everybody calls me Dinger. Niamh McGovern. Ah, Brannick's new DS. About six months, but aye. Do you know him? Tom, the great enigma? Ah, we go back a wee bit, aye. Can you tell me anything, about the bodies? Not sure yet. We have to wait for the ICLVR. Our hands are tied until they get here. Dinger, how are you? Jackie. This is Mark Cardigan and his team. The ICLVR say they'll take it from here. Get back and join up with Tom. Sir. How do we liaise with them? The History Boys might choose to keep jurisdiction over them. Any evidence obtained by the Commission is inadmissible in a criminal enquiry, but the circumstances of their deaths stay between the families and the Commission. At some point, the past has to die, DS McGovern. Is that the only camera? Yes, it is, aye. They've already checked through the footage. They didn't see anyone. How's that possible? The camera only watches the front door. This side door gets used so rarely. Only in the off season. The guests can come and go without me having to be here. What have we got? These were the items found amongst Mr Keenan's possessions. Where did you find these? Trouser pocket. Sildava. Is that Viagra? Don't pretend you don't know. Huh. Birdy. Boss. I was just saying, Pat's not accused of a crime. You don't need to be here. I'll decide that. We found these in your trouser pocket, along with a supermarket receipt dated the 15th. Does your wife know about these? You been overdoing the wee blueys, Pat? Is that why you're having problems with your vision? Were you meeting someone in that hotel room, Pat? A woman? Man? Next question. Has anyone got an axe to grind? My client is an upstanding member... No pun intended. Were you in too deep with a rival business, Pat? Or is it something older than that? Something you were involved in all those years ago? Right, that's enough. Little point in me coming down. I'm not finished. Does this mean anything to you? I don't give a shite what you've been up to, who you've been riding. None of that matters. I need to find the person who left you in that hotel room. I need to know what they're about. Pat. Boss. Mmm-hmm? We got what we need from Keenan's phone. Good man, Birdy. See you in the car. Now, this is Keenan's call logs and messages. I did what you asked and went through everything on the 15th. Am I going to get in trouble for this, sir? No, Birdy. This is the service provider's information. It says he called his wife and an employee at PJK Haulage, and his text messages, they follow a similar pattern. Is there a way of seeing where he's been? That depends on how tech-savvy he is. He might have a health or fitness app he doesn't know about. Fair play. Can you bring up the 15th? We need to find out where he met his kidnapper. If I asked you to build a list of all the specific places he went on that day, could you do it? More or less, aye. DOOR OPENS The ICLVR have taken full control of the dig. They've shut us out? They've shut me out? As long as the possibility remains that your wife is... ..there, no one, especially not the ICLVR, would allow you anywhere near that investigation. You have to trust me, Tom. I'll keep you up to date if anything comes my way that I think you should know about. If she's there, the ICLVR will reach out to you. Mrs Harkin? We're from the Independent Commission for the Location of Victims' Remains. We're very sorry to inform you that we have found your husband, Joseph Harkin. May we step in? On behalf of the ICLVR, please accept our deepest condolences on the loss of your brother David. These are his personal effects. So Keenan went to the hospital first that day, then to a cafe in Sailortown. Then he went to a conference that we already know about. Where was that? It was the Lagan Conference Centre. I asked them to send over the CCTV from that day and they have already. The conference was for haulage associations on both sides of the border and this, this is them gathering. And that... That is Mr Keenan. Good work, Birdy. I'll wind you forward. So we know from the call logs that at 4.19 in the afternoon he makes a call to an employee, and that call is 20 seconds. It is then 4.20 when he messages his wife, the one to say he's off to the Europa. OK. But, now, wait, watch this. He sees someone. Ah, right. Now he's talking to them. Who is that? I... ..can't get an angle on it, sir. What? The next camera's out in the car park. So then he gets into the car. And then he stops. What, is he talking to them? Are they getting in? I don't know. That's all we have. The next stop for him is the Mourne View Hotel. So it could be the kidnapper. All right. Make sure we've explored every CCTV opportunity on that route. See who's in that car with him. Aye, sir. Niamh and I will check out that cafe. Next. Excuse me, ladies. Yes? Excuse me. I was wondering, could we have a wee look at your CCTV footage? We're trying to identify this man. I wouldn't know him. Bear in mind we get 200, 300 people through that door every day. You're busy. Ugh - I should be retired. And the security footage? Aye, well, this big fella showed up before we opened, shouted his way in here like he had a hernia. He wanted all the security footage from Wednesday last. Took the lot. How old would you say? I don't know, hard to tell through the helmet, you know? I'll show you this. My sister's boy was outside and he took this picture of the bike the fella rode in on. He took the picture in case I wanted to report it, but I don't want to report it. You understand me? Uniform, Kilo, Zulu, one, seven, three, three. That's a blue motorbike, make unknown, male rider, about 6'2". I'll be waiting. Here. Let's get that footage, see who we can see coming and going from here. You think Goliath's cleaning up after himself? Uh-huh. RADIO: Sierra Romeo Four Five from Uniform, over. Go ahead. Blue motorbike, registration number Uniform, Kilo, Zulu, one, seven, three, three, heading south on the Andersonstown Road. Understood. We're on our way. The plates are cloned from a VW Polo. Proceed with caution. Understood. There. Uniform from Sierra Romeo Four Five, we have the motorbike. Bollocks, where is he? There he is, sir. Yeah. Siobhan Harkin. Is that...? Joe Harkin's widow, aye. He's got a gun. He's going to kill her. Armed police! Halt! Armed police. Halt! Sierra Romeo Four Five. Shots fired. Police in contact. Sunnylands Crescent. Suspect is on foot. PCI Brannick is in pursuit. Hey, stop! Stop! Halt! Halt! Hands in the air. Take off your helmet. It's Keenan's man. Why would Keenan send his man to kill Siobhan Harkin? Let's find out. Come on. Did Keenan and Joe Harkin have history, boss? Aye, they both used to run guns over the border. When her husband went missing, allegedly because he owed money, she took over the operation. IRA? At least, that's what it was then. So, Mrs Harkin, the man who tried to assault you, did you recognise him? He works for Pat Keenan. How do you know that? He asked me several times why I had Pat kidnapped, then he pulled a gun. I'd say his loyalties are pretty clear. Did you have Pat kidnapped? I'll tell you a thing or two about Pat Keenan. He's a liar. He's always said that my husband owed him money. It was the other way round. How much did Keenan owe him? Enough to start a company, a haulage company. Can you prove that? No. So it's my word against his, except he's the big man now, and my husband, well, they have just told me that they found him on an island out in Strangford Lough, long buried. Murdered. But I suppose yous already know that. The original Goliath investigation thought that Joe Harkin disappeared because he owed money, but Siobhan says it's the other way round. She alleges that Pat took Joe's money. Gives her a reason to kidnap Pat. But why now, after 20 years? Anyway, she has a solid alibi. She's been in Dublin the last two weeks. So who kidnapped Keenan? And why? Whoever it is, they're still out there, sir. We think they hold the key to unlocking the truth about the past, and Goliath. Have Belfast put security measures on her house, and increase the patrol in her area. And should we keep her under surveillance? No. No need. Hi. Hello, Jackie. Siobhan, we need to be careful. Some others came to see me. The name was a... ..was a long abbreviation. The ICLVR? Mm. They found my brother. We know that they found Joe Harkin in the same place as your brother. How many bodies altogether? Three, so far. Did they identify the third? They told me how my brother died. Shot in the back, at a distance, then finished off up close. The killer would have been the last thing that he saw. Well, now we know it's murder, I should tell you something. The last time I saw my brother, he confided in me. He told me that he was expecting a delivery of weapons. I didn't want to know at the time, but... ..I reckon whoever killed him knew who he was and what he was up to. The faceless bureaucrats at the ICL whatnot, well, they told me that yous can't investigate these crimes. Um... Yeah, um... No, that's right, aye. It's too far in the past. Yous won't do it anyway? I have a boss. So I hear. A new one. Jackie Twomey. Huh. Well, don't you worry. I'm onto it. I'm going to find out the answers, all right. It's all going to come out. I don't know what he thinks he can achieve. He can barely leave the house. They've, um... They've stopped the search for bodies. Three is all they found. Closer examination says all three were male. But you'd have guessed that by now, the fact that the ICLVR haven't been to see you. I'm sorry. Hi, darling. Hi, Daddy. There's something I need to tell you. Are you OK? It's going to be on the news. They found bodies out on the lough... ..but none of them are your mum. Well, I hope you all thought that was an interesting case. My next list is on Wednesday, so I look forward to seeing you all there. Thank you. I thought you did very well today. Thanks. I was nervous, like. No, you've nice instincts. Are you the only doctor in the family? First to go to university. What does your mum do? Um... ..she died when I was wee, during the Troubles. I'm sorry. She went missing while she was looking after me. They thought she was kidnapped. Jesus. I don't remember it, so all I have is this... ..empty space. It's my daddy I feel bad for. I know that he, um... ..he carries the guilt. Having a drink? I won't, thanks. Listen, thanks for coming. I, er... I had to provide signature for the handover to the Time Bandits. Got a wee look at their findings. It's been confirmed. The third body is Father Simon Quinlan. Jesus. Is this the Goliath murders? Or is someone trying to get the case reopened? You've had markers on your Pat Keenan case. Postcards. Whoever left those postcards has serious balls. Goliath scares the guts out of the people who know about him. Don't let them tell you any different. The peace talks at that time, the last thing they needed was a kidnapping story, never mind four high-profile murders, so they really suppressed it. And, underneath it all, poor Tom just trying to find his wife. Nobody helped him? Not even his good mate. DCS Twom... Hello, there. Jackie? Aye. Look, if Goliath is real, that's over 20 years ago that he manipulated police files to make it look like people were fleeing the country. 20 years. Still out there, not caught. And to go after a fellow officer's wife... She was more than just "the wife". Mmm, indeed. 14 Intelligence Company. A spook. What's to say she didn't engineer her own disappearance? If anyone could, she could. ON VIDEO: Is that Izzy? Is that Daddy? BABY GIGGLES Give Daddy a wave. Where's Daddy? Lovely little wave. You're a good girl. Did your dad always make time for you? Aye. He was always pretty good at that. He knew when to give me my freedom, even when I could tell he didn't want to. Must be tough. He'd say no, but I swear that man's getting more emotional in his old age. You know, I lost my dad when I was young. Ach, he was older, but... ..but I miss not having had that relationship, you know. But you're lucky. Your dad sounds like a good man. I know it's cheesy, but I like him. Well, he sounds likeable. Are you single? TV: Dunfolan Police have confirmed that they have conducted a forensic search of an island in Strangford Lough after human remains were found. A police spokesman declined to disclose the nature of the investigation. The island is currently under the control of the Independent Commission for the Location of Victims' Remains. The ICLVR was established to locate... Are you OK? Mmm. ..the remains of victims of the Troubles... If I hadn't spoken to my daddy earlier, I'd... ..I'd be worried it was Mummy. Three bodies have been discovered so far... But he said it's not her. ..have been informed. Their families have given permission for their names to be released. They are David Corry, a Loyalist paramilitary, and Joseph Harkin, a Republican paramilitary... Daddy thinks the third one's a priest. ..It is understood the Commission is still attempting to trace relatives of the third victim. Where did you meet your kidnapper, Pat? KNOCKING, DOOR OPENS Boss, Keenan did pick up someone at the conference. The ANPR cameras drew a blank, so we had to manually go through the few other cameras we thought we would be on Keenan's route. We got this. This is Keenan's car on its way to the Mourne View Hotel. So it's a woman. Is this the best image we've got? Same dark-haired woman leaving the cafe shortly after Keenan. You need to start telling me what you know, or it won't be long before I'm back here with a warrant and we're tearing your life apart. I'd like to see you try. We think the woman in that photo was working with the person who kidnapped you. Yeah, she was working for Siobhan Harkin. We don't think so, but the kidnapper is connected to the murders of Joe Harkin and Simon Quinlan. Old friends of yours, Pat. Maybe she knows what happened to my wife. Tell me who she is, or I'll make sure your wife sees those photos. It doesn't need to come to this. Looks like it already has. APPLAUSE AND CHEERING CROWD SING Yo! You been waiting long? Fucking donkeys'. I mean, it's only a few more grey hairs. I think you met my dad. At the hospital. You were lost. That's right. Tom. Tori. She's going to take Larry's ticket. I said that would be grand. Yeah, of course. Um... ..shall we go? So, er, are you a fan of the game? Well, I'd like to say yes. Izzy tells me you used to play for Ulster. He could have played for Ireland. That's a wee bit of a leap. Why only "could have"? It was a long time ago. I picked up a hip injury, so they advised me to give it up. That's a shame. Well, you know, the game was turning pro, and I had a job already. Go on... Go on, go on! Well, I'm a fan now! You always lived in Belfast? No, I just came back last year. I was living in London there for many years. What made you come back? I've a sick mum. She lives in a home out by Belmont Park. What about you? How long have you been in the police? Coming up on 30 years. You must have seen it all. Yeah, and some. Where's Izzy? Izzy? Izzy? Izzy? She must have just stopped, or... No, no, she was... She was behind us. Izzy? Izzy! Izzy! Izzy! Izzy! Izzy! Izzy! BRAKES SCREECH Daddy! Izzy! IZZY SCREAMS Izzy! Go, go, go, go, go! IZZY SOBS It's all right. I've got you. It's all right. Tell me. What happened? There was a man, and he grabbed me and he just said... Yeah, it's OK. He said, "Threaten my family and I'll threaten yours." Did you see his face? Shall I call your station? No, no. No, it's best I get her home. IZZY SOBS It's all right. You're all right. IZZY SOBS I know, I know. We'll get you home. It's OK now. It's OK. It's OK. ANSWERPHONE: This is Tom Brannick. Leave a message. BEEP This is Pat Keenan. I hope that you and your daughter enjoyed the rugby. It's a rough game, that. I'm sure you wouldn't want to be playing any more. PAT HANGS UP Mum. They found him. Dad. He was murdered. SHE WAILS RADIO: The families of the men found on an island in Strangford Lough have today spoken out about their hopes for a thorough investigation into the men's disappearances, 22 years after they were first reported missing. The discovery of the bodies brings with it new evidence that families say could be crucial. Back again? I hope you don't mind. Ah, no, take your chances while you can. There's more fog coming in. Does all that activity out there mean bodies? Aye. Unfortunate business. You'd have a hard job getting them out there in the first place. And from where would the boat have come? It seems to me there's any number of possibilities. Too many. Ah, no. It's a very tricky stretch of water. You have to know your tides and your currents, so you do. Do you know anybody who might have that kind of knowledge? Aye. Hey. That's the man you want. An encyclopaedia on these waters. Be warned, though, he's never met a bar of soap. I used to stand here for hours, waiting for you to get home from work. I know. Your babysitters told me. Wee bitches. I've always known your job was dangerous. I feel selfish because I never asked about that part. No. I think I was too scared to know. That's not selfish. I'm terrified, Daddy. But I know that you would do anything... ..to protect me. PHONE RINGS Hello. Finbar Dodd, the harbourmaster, he says he was asked about Goliath four months ago. Someone phoned him. Said their name was Frank MacFeale. Did he get a read on the voice? No. Just said it was a man. That's it. It was a bad line, apparently. Boss? Are you there? OK, I'll see you at the office. Got to go. OK? Mm-hm. There's a Frank MacFeale lives out in Minerstown. No previous. He sells caravans. Thanks very much. OK. Go out to Minerstown. Have a look. I'll circulate the name to districts, Int hubs and the Garda, see what they've got. OK. How did you know it was me pretending to be MacFeale? My grandfather was at Thiepval. I remember, as a wee boy, his tales of the local lad who was a First World War hero. Brave young Frankie MacFeale. In fairness, you didn't look far for your inspiration. Uncle Frankie to you, wasn't he? How did you come to know about Goliath? Well... you can blame the drink, as usual. That, and loose-lipped peelers. Huh. You found out about Goliath. Since then, we've had a similar crime - the kidnapping of Pat Keenan. All the hallmarks of the man himself. And that. A calling card designed to make us reopen the case. Who have you told? Who have you been having round for wee cups of tea? Who have you been talking to? Where are you going? Here, you leave things well alone in there. That's private! Hey! Who is it? Who? You don't name them, but I know you've been meeting with the person who is trying to unmask Goliath. Why did you not ask about the teacups when your colleague was here? I saw you notice something. Why did you not just ask? You're avoiding my questions. Help me out, Adam. You know this is personal for me. I don't know where my wife is. Me and you, we're not so different. You've lost your brother. Me, my wife. But you can go to his grave. That's not available to me. If only I could go to his grave. Well, if you tell me who you've been talking to, I can take you there. Aye? I found these. All the remains have been taken away, but this was your brother's final resting place. I looked for you. I swear. HE SOBS So... I brought you here. Now tell me. The person involved in Keenan's kidnapping was a woman. Did she come to your house? Who is she? Tell me who she is. No. Tell me. Why did you come alone? Why don't you arrest me? Bring me in for questioning? Who are you protecting? Jackie Twomey? Jackie blocked this investigation 22 years ago. Now he's doing it again. Why would you, of all people, cover for him? You know he's Goliath. He murdered your wife. Emma was the last victim of a man who... ..of a man who... What? My brother... ..he wouldn't say who, but... ..he was having an affair with another man's wife. So? She gave him a necklace, a pendant with an owl on it. There was an initial on the back. E. Emma. Was my brother sleeping with your wife, Tom? Stop. They loved each other. Tom Brannick, did you want Jackie to kill my brother? Or is it you? Are you Goliath? I said, stop. Tom Brannick, are you Goliath? Why are you saying my name like that? When you've wanted the truth for as long as I have, you take the risk. No one will ever hear it. I came here to see my brother. You will. GUNSHOT OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 