Beforeigners: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beforeigners 
 s1e5 - Episode #1.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beforeigners (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Episode #1.5 - full transcript 
 HD. 'Episode 5.' (Season One) As an anti-technology attack shakes the world, Lars' secrets and Alfhildr's temper cause problems with the case. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hi, there! Could we have a chat about a nice guy named Odin? - What time is it? - I have no idea. I live watchlessly. Listen, I know what you're thinking. What could this one-eyed, mead-drinking god have to offer? - Quite a lot. - Sorry, I'm not interested. It will only be a quick chat. No! I said no! - A quick chat? - No! I live here, and I decide who gets to come in! Got it? Okay... - Say hello to Enginnsdottir. - What? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 How do you know who I work with? - Everything okay with yourself? - Yeah. Just an annoying Ásatrú-guy. Those people have no shame. He eventually got the picture, though. Okay, see you. Digital networks are down worldwide after a group of Neo-Luddites sabotaged the synchronization of digital clocks around the world. Neo-Luddites are an anti technology group with roots in the beforeigner community from 19th century England. No... I think we'll have to reboot the whole thing. You're having a cold pie for lunch, I'm afraid. Damned luddites! This is Trine Syversen. She worked at NATO for several years, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 before she changed her identity to Ada. The girl was a promising gamer and was recruited as a drone operator. She's worked on NATO bases in Geilenkirkchen and at Sigonella. At Sigonella she was in charge of tactical missions in Libya. She was dismissed, under unclean circumstances... I still don't understand why you're sure that this woman is linked to our cases? She's worked with the drone that killed Navn. Her transtemporal identity ties her to the Tjuvholmen case. We should look into it. Do we know where she is? No one at AFTT has seen her since we were there. As we were trying to point out before Wenche interrupted us, Ada was treated for PTSD when she came home. - We've contacted her psychologist. - That sounds like a good place to start. Hurry up, please. I'm leaving. Relax, I was just getting some sweetener. Sorry to bother you, but some of us have work to do. Oh my. I didn't know farmwives were so feisty. What the hell does that mean? I'm following your friend on B4, Urd. - You're lying about your background. - Stay away from Urd! - The last thing she needs is your shit. - Calm down, hothead. DEBT COLLECTION NOTICE THOUGHT ABOUT MY OFFER, CHIEF? Dad! - We're going to kindergarten. - Yes, we're going there right now. Hi, we're from the newspaper. Can we ask you some questions? No thanks, I don't read newspapers. Can you confirm that you're the man they call Tore Hund? Move. We're late for kindergarten. There must've been something wrong with the transmission. Wenche's version is completely different. Were there any indications that this wasn't an accident? No. What did the doctors say? Thank God I didn't suffer any permanent injury. You know what, Wenche? I think you should take a few days off. We'll evaluate this unfortunate event when you're back. I'm not sure the Chief of Police would agree with that approach. We don't have to involve her, do we? I've emailed both her and the union. She wants an investigation. Okay. - She's got quite the imagination. - Please. I know you did it on purpose. She's been out to get me ever since I started here. So Wenche made you step on the gas pedal? You weren't responsible? - Who's side are you on? - Whoever rises above it. Maybe we can focus on the investigation instead. URD SIGVADSDOTTIR HAS SENT AN ATTACHMENT KINGSLAYER DELIVERS TAKE AWAY The man who according to Snorri Sturluson killed St Olaf in an ambush. Is this where you're hiding? I think we should have a chat in my office. Is it true that you're Tore Hund? - Where did you hear that? - It's all over VGTV. - They say you killed St Olaf. - Please, don't start. - I need to know who you are. - You know that. - I'm Tommy. - Not who you are in the present. Tell me the truth, are you Tore Hund? I was Tore Hund. In that case, please hand over your uniform and leave. What do you mean? I'm sorry, but murdering saints isn't compatible with Foodie's values. I didn't want it to end this way, but I've got no choice. A commander always has a choice. Trine came to us three years ago. She had been a civilian for a few months, and was rather down. Was she identifying as Ada back then? No, she became transtemporal during her stay here. Could you elaborate? She entered into a romantic relationship with a patient from the 19th century called The Doctorand. He was a scientist, but arriving in our time made him hate everything modern. - Do you think he was a Neo-Luddite? - I wouldn't be surprised. And that was appealing to her? Yes, that was when she started calling herself Ada and wearing 19th century clothing. - Do you know where they are now? - No idea. But I think there are some audio tapes from their group sessions. Maybe we should talk about your story? You're skeptical to all things modern. But you were a scientist in your own time? Back then I didn't know what I know now. And what is that? That science is a tumor that turns man into a flaccid, narcissistic pet. A slave to his own machines. But science has also made way for some amazing things? What are you referring to? Hiroshima? Or internet pornography? It's given us explanations to countless phenomena. I don't believe in explanations anymore. Now I believe in us. In beforeigners. I believe God sent us here to save modern man from perdition. The Doctorand is right. Let me show you why. These are pictures... That must be her. A hacker named Mariana confronted me with at Geilenkirchen. They showed me what was on the other end of my drone operations. GASPS FROM THE GROUP You can't show military photos here. Please put them away. Ada? Saint murderer! This is your opponent. - What's the answer? - Jesus! What took you so long? My job's important. I can't drop everything because Tore's on the news. We wanted to see how you're doing. - Those people outside are crazy. - Do you have money? - We heard you lost your job. - Yeah. I've got something else in the works. YOU IN? I need a smoke. Murderers must be punished! - Where's your wife? - Jeanette took Maria to her parents. Women in this time usually abandon ship if there's a ripple in the ocean. Jeanette isn't like that. If you dumped me for her, I would've understood. But that woman from this time... Have you lost faith in love, or what? You and I loved each other when life was simple. You were young and beautiful, and I was a big shot. Jeanette and I found each other in a dark hole. Our love was the light that showed us the way out. Bullshit! Do you hate me too? No. I realized quickly that we wouldn't last in this time. I remember my dad saying: "What the girl lacks in ancestry, she makes up for in wisdom." Big Tore was a good man. Saint murderer! Saint murderer! Saint murderer! - Hi. Is Ingrid ready? - She won't be coming. But it's my weekend. One of the girls just told Marie where they got the eye drops from. Is it correct that you are suffering from temproxate abuse? My issues at work have nothing to do with Ingrid. It has everything to do with Ingrid. How could you expose such innocence to this, pardon the expression, filth? You think the world is black and white, but it's not. If the girls hadn't stolen the drug from me, they'd have found it elsewhere. My assessment from earlier stands. I have indeed misjudged you. Yet I was also mistaken. You are a lesser man than I thought. Fine. And you're a charlatan, using my family as a replacement because you can't handle the loss of your son. My ability to share information about the incident in Nordmarka is limited. But the death is being investigated in connection with the Tjuvholmen murder. Aftenposten. Do you think it's the same killer? That's too early to say. Could the murderer be a serial killer who attacks Prehistorians? Well, that's not the most likely theory. - But you're not ruling it out? - No. How can Prehistoric citizens protect themselves against the killer? Do you have a profile on the killer? Will he attack present day people? That's all we have for now. How can people protect themselves? We interrupt this update from the press conference at the police station. There were riots between... Could we be dealing with a serial killer? No, that's nonsense. The murders are very different. The first victim wasn't a Prehistorian. Give me the latest from your team. I need some information for the minister. Right. They're following a possible lead to the Neo-Luddite community. - How did they figure that out? - I've not worked that out. Work it out, Harald. Both the investigation and internal conflicts within your team. Did you find anything in the bank statements? Yes, I did. There was one interesting transaction. A long-term lease on a storage facility paid for with Trine Syversen's credit card. That's what I found. Hi, we're from the police. - We spoke on the phone? - Yes. Right. Do you have the key? The thing is, the tenant dropped by just now and picked up the key. Now? The storage room is to your right at the end of the corridor. Zero one to Sierra two zero. All units have received a picture of the suspect. So far, no observations. Will keep you updated. Out. Shit! - What's that? - Isn't that your daughter's friend? Please, come in. You can't stay long. Axel doesn't know you're here. Why not? He's paranoid after the way Madeleine was treated at the reception center. He won't let anyone else see her. Honey? Honey, hey. Ingrid's dad and a colleague from the police are here to talk to you. Hi, Madeleine. We have some questions about the time you spent in quarantine. Did you meet a woman named Ada? It's becoming increasingly difficult to understand her these days. We found a file in Ada's belongings that might be from your stay at the center. How were you treated? - This is my language. - Is it making any sense? Where are those numbers from? They were written... On the wall... What wall? We have to stop. Axel will be here any minute. You need to leave. What do you think is wrong with her? It seems like she's been obsessed by an evil spirit. A "sjóvættir" or something like that. - Get here now. - What? Tore's wife called, he might die tonight. - What do you mean? - A fighter wants revenge for Stiklestad. - Slow down. - He's fighting a beast! Just come! Fine, see you there. - I have to sort out some private stuff. - Are you joking? We have tons of stuff we need to go through. I'll get back as soon as I can. - Where are you? - Sorry, this may take some time. - I don't think I'll be back tonight. - What the hell? Are you at a party? Of course not. I have to go. Alfhildr! Hello? Oh... I thought I was done with all that damn fighting. This is madness. You have to call if off. No. My family needs the money. - I told you I can lend you money. - Thanks, but I reap my own salary. What are you doing here? Hold her. How are you doing? What are you doing here? Really? - Don't be like that. - It was you who left us. I thought you rose above such things. Even though I didn't want to be one of your guru groupies, we're still fighting the same fight. Guru groupie? You find it necessary to lapse to such ignoble terms about what we shared? Please. I have nowhere else to go. My darkened soul is capable of many things. To shun my little warrior is not one of them. In 18 matches he has 12 KOs, and is still undefeated. Please welcome Tobias "The Savior" Hansen! The next contestant has no fights, no victories. Tore Hund! You know the rules. No groin kicks, no eye-gouging. A fair and respectful fight. Shake hands! Kill, Tore! Kill! Get him, Tore! Yes! Yes! Tore! Fight! Fight like in Bjarmeland! Stand up, Tore! Fight! We have to discuss a slightly unpleasant matter. The car you drove was searched after the crash. - We found this in the glove compartment. - What is that? Don't act naive, Alfhildr. We've checked your arrival papers. We know you've been treated with temproxate. Do you know how this ended up in your patrol car? I guess the results were in your favor? Are you kidding? They found temproxate in the car. She claims to know nothing, so they'll do some tests. Poor thing. She doesn't realize when the game is over. I hear you suspect Alfhildr of abusing temproxate? Yes. If you have relevant information, this is the time to share it. The bottle you found wasn't hers. - She's covering for a colleague. - Which colleague? - Where the hell were you? - I overslept. You're my only friend here, and you can't even set an alarm for me. I let them take my blood just to cover for you. Well, you didn't need to. I told them the temproxate was mine. Why? Tell them you made it up to help me! I'm a beforeigner, they'll go easy on me. Stop it. I've already handed in my resignation to Eriksen. This is Urd speaking. Leave a message. Have a seat. I can feel that something is wrong. I have cancer. Can you chase it away? I'm sorry. My abilities are powerless against the growing rocks. Why did you take me in if you can't save my life? Life is not something to be saved. What is it then? Life is a maze. You must find your way out. MEAD TONIGHT? What are you trying to tell me? Should I off myself? It's not that simple. Nobody breaks out of the maze unpunished. But where is the exit you speak of? Give me your blood. Shit! Shit! Does the blood hold any answers? I see a creature... A dog... Follow the dog, and you will find your way out. You're hard to get, but when you get going, you don't hold back. - We can have mead instead, if you want. - That's not necessary. What the fuck are you doing here? I said I would be back. Did you break in? Your drug dealer was kind enough to let me climb down from his unit. This is not okay. I'm reporting you. Lars. Don't you recognize me? Lars! Help! Help! We are free men from Viken, from Olaf the Stout's flock! It's me. I was the first one. The first one in the ocean. You helped me from the roof of the Opera house. Uh, okay... What do you want from me? I just want to help. I see you're struggling with these numbers. I don't blame you, though. You're missing the beginning. - Are they GPS coordinates? - Of course. You only write the decimals, as the entire Oslo fjord starts with 59 and 10. Hold on... - It's here, right? - Mhm. - Is it the location of a timehole? - Bingo! That's what connects everything. Ada, Madeleine, the Tjuvholmen woman, everything's connected to this timehole. How do you know so much about my case? Are you with the police security service? Oh, wouldn't that be something! No? Who do you work for, then? I already told you: He who sacrificed his eye to drink from the well of Mímir. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 