Beforeigners: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beforeigners 
 s1e6 - Episode #1.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beforeigners (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Episode #1.6 - full transcript 
 HD. 'Episode 6.' (Season One) Season finale. The hunt for the identity of the Tjuvholmen woman pays off. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This is Norway in the 21st century. A land built on democratic values, such as: Tolerance. Diversity. Different, but equal. This is the present. An inclusive time. Didn't you say that Christianity still is the religion in Norway? I know this is a lot to take in... Listen, woman! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 A real Christian doesn't bow his head for sinners! - Sinners? - We're Christian men! Unfortunately, that's everything we've got time for today. Are you okay? I had a memory. Do you have something called a phone in this time? - Who is he calling? - I have no idea. Hi? Hi, this is Madeleine. Please leave a message. Hello. It's me. Now I remember everything. Hi, there! You're already out of bed? - What the hell is that? - The halibut we found by the timehole. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We were on the water yesterday? Yes. But the halibut was a dead end. It died of natural causes. By the way, do you have some hair gel I can borrow? I think Ingrid has some in the bathroom. Who's this woman? Was it her Ada was in touch with in Geilenkirchen? Of course. - There's is something familiar... - You don't see it Fuck, I'm late for my Tinder date. Okay. I'll make it a bit easier for you. The woman's name is Mariana Werner. She has been affiliated with a Neo-Luddite group in Aachen. As she is a technosceptic, we don't have any biometric data on her, so identification is difficult. Why do you think she's the victim? Did you google look-a-likes? - The tip came from Haaland. - That's reassuring. Is she even reported missing? Not officially, but according to Lars, on the interweb... - The interweb? - There's no need for sarcasm. What's our approach? We know where the woman lived. This is a list of local medical centres. If we find anyone who treated her, we can get a match. We're supposed to call hundreds of German doctors? - This is madness. - No, Wenche, this is police work. - So, have you confirmed her identity? - No, not yet. How did you find this Mariana? We tried to track down the one Ada mentioned on the audio tape. The one who contacted Ada in Geilenkirchen, remember? Mariana popped up as a candidate, and we noticed the striking resemblance. - You say "we"? - Yeah. I've worked with this guy after my resignation. What guy? Is he connected to the department, too? He claims not to be. What's his name? I need a name for the report to management. I don't know. But he's Norse. And he arrived with the first group. Bearded guy, in his forties. You'll find him in the arrival file. - Is everything okay, Lars? - Yeah. Of course. Kalv Torbjørnsen TIME OF ORIGIN: Norse Traffic accident - Hi, Lars. - Hi. I need more drops. - I have stopped. - What? Done. - Are you joking? - No dripping with Heart in the house. Listen, Lars. How much do you use all in all? - That's none of your business. - It's time for a drop stop, my friend. You're not my friend. What message do you bring, shaman? I think you have me confused with someone else. I'm no shaman. I'm... Looking for drops. Of course you need your tool. But you won't find that here anymore. The drop crew moved on. Where are they now? Dad? - What are you doing here? - We need to have a serious talk, Lars. If you want to talk, leave my daughter out of it. Stop it, dad. Look at yourself. What's happened? Is it true that you've been hallucinating? No. No, of course not. Your acquaintance, the missionary, or whatever you name him. He's my source. He gave me all the info, and... I checked the database. The man died two years ago. Maybe he works for the security service and faked his death certificate. Dad, look. One of your neighbors filmed you in the hallway. No, I don't want to! Stop it! No! Stop it! I live here! I decide who gets to come inside! Okay? Hey! How do you know who I'm working with? Give me what you've got in your jacket. Lars, drink this. - It chases the drop sorrow. - Okay. Drink all of it. Could the woman have been looking into the timehole when she was killed? That's possible. But if I'm going to get rid of the drops, I think I'll have to step down from the case for a while. Yes. That's correct. A break. I wish I had better news, but... How long do I have? If we get started with the radiation, you could have several good years left. - What are we waiting for? - Fuck me! - Can't I skip that radiation bullshit? - You heard what he said! He said that I'm dying. Either quickly, or slowly and painfully. - I'm choosing quickly. - No, you won't. You'll fight! And what am I fighting for? To sit around reminiscing about the past at Nivlhel for another summer or two? You'll start treatment now. End of discussion! Fuck me! NO SMOKING I understand that it's a lot to take in. Did you hear that we're invited to Tore's migration day next week? I can pick you up and we can go together. To get outside upcleared is easy. To get inside upcleared... Now that's a different hoop of herring. I do agree with what you suggested, but isn't it too soon? No. It's never too soon for right-doing. Yes? - Oh, you have guests. - Yes. This was a mistake. Who is that? Did he come with you? Yeah. This thing was his idea, kind of. - Ok? - I'm trying to get clean. - He thought I should start with you. - Start with what? The idea is to say sorry. Both for what happened with the girls and for the unforgivable stuff I said to Gregers. - That's his voice? - Yes. Don't interrupt his whist club. He was inconsolable for days after your visit. But I... I shouldn't have come here. Sorry I bothered you. Lars, wait. I'll tell Gregers that you stopped by. He'll appreciate that. Hi! What are you doing here? I just talked to Marie about stuff. How were things at Madeleine's? Is she feeling better? Yeah, she's doing better. - But tell your colleagues to relax. - What do you mean? Two police officers showed up at school, asking questions. Madde freaked out. What police officers? Hi! Everything okay? Yes, I'm here about the case. - Weren't you taking a break? - Yeah, I was going to, but something... - Does this mean that you've found her? - Wenche got lucky in Cologne. A doctor had treated her for pneumonia, and the Lego brick was visible in the X-rays. What did you want to talk about? Do you remember your first day? When we met Jeppe and David in the harbor shed? - Like it was yesterday. - Jeppe had a tetanus shot. He told us he'd been scratched by a migrant the weekend before. - That happens all the time. - Maybe so. But I checked the rosters. Jeppe and David weren't on duty that weekend. You don't think they're involved? It's conspicuous that they're not telling the truth. Ingrid said they've been to her school, asking about Madeleine. Then I thought of something. Didn't you get an MMS of Jeppe's crotch area? We can check if the injury he mentioned is visible on the photo. Do you have it? So you want to see my dick picks? I don't need to see the whole thing, just zoom in on the area in question. Shit! This looks like a bite mark. Yeah. Why would he lie about that? One explanation is that it's from the woman at Tjuvholmen. The woman biting the murderer is news to us. Would you be able to find the murderer's blood in her teeth? If she actually bit him, I'd say that's very likely. She's had her fillings removed, so blood could get stuck in there. In that case, we've nailed the bastard? Is your suspect in the database? No, he has no prior convictions. Then we'll need a court order to reveal the DNA results. How long does a man-seed live inside a woman? - Don't you know? - Where are you going with this? Are you planning on extracting sperm from the murderer? The harvest is already taken care of. Alfhildr! What on earth is Haaland doing here? He's sober. He will assist us during his notice period. You can't make that decision without me. Forget my human resources policy. Do you want to hear what we found? You are under arrest for the murder of Mariana Werner. Who's Mariana Werner? Alfhildr? What's going on? You mentioned that you were attacked by a migrant the last weekend of August. But according to the rosters, you weren't on call then. Those rosters are a mess. But why did you try to hide that your injury was a bite mark? I'm not hiding anything. I've been an open book to you. DNA will expose your lies. I'll tell you something about DNA, my little Viking. If you want my DNA, you need probable cause. - And you don't have that. - I have something much better. - What's that? - I have your man-seeds. What did the Major say? He says that we have no choice. The two officers have explained that they contributed to prostitution, and killed Mariana Werner to stop her from notifying authorities about it. What's the status on prosecution of the officers? We expect an indictment by the end of the week. Was it Eriksen's multitemporal team of investigators who made the breakthrough? Yes, it was. If this case has taught us anything, it's that our department is at its best when we work together, across temporal lines. That's when we get results. The police also issued an APB for a woman named Trine Syversen. She is supposedly a friend of the woman who was killed by the prostitution ring that was exposed by the police today. She is believed to be armed and dangerous. We're very grateful. We couldn't have solved this without you. Not to be a party pooper, but... This case isn't solved. We have DNA and a confession. It doesn't get much clearer than that. Jeppe and David killed that woman. There's no doubt about that. But why? To make sure the prostitution ring wasn't exposed. What about Mariana? What drove her to fake her timeigration? She was a transtemporal woman who wanted to fulfill her identity. - She's a random victim. - It makes no sense. You don't buy it either. We've uncovered some strange phenomena in the timehole Mariana went to. I know the murder is connected to that. What's your theory, Lars? I think Jeppe and David represent powerful interests. Mariana was a political activist who worked with Ada to expose them. Jeppe's statement about the motive is just a smokescreen. I still don't understand what you think is going on in that timehole. I don't know exactly what is... A friend of my daughter's got inexplicable injuries there. Jeppe and David have been asking about her. I don't know who, but someone in the government is purposely withholding information. Please! You're going down the same road as when you were forced to step down. - I'm not high anymore. - No. But long-term stress can create confusion, too. I have found that Pilates is great for reducing stress. Want to tag along some time? It could be exactly what you need. Come, Maria! Maria! Will you fire up the Weber, honey? They'll be here any minute now. I can get the grill ready if you want to lie down for a bit. No, don't be silly. The grill is my responsibility. The police suspect heathen Norse gangs to be responsible for the vandalism on St. Olav's Cathedral last night. They suspect a connection to the Viking warrior Tore Hund, who has recently been discovered in our time. Our reporter met with a taciturn Tore Hund earlier today. - Can we have a comment? - Stop waving that thing in my face. You Christians have no fucking manners. - This is the third church... - Ready? Nils 34. Nils 34. Olga 63. Olga 63. Bingo! You again, Berit? Are you able to eat all this fruit? What we don't eat, we put in the freezer. Lovely! That's all for today, everyone. - May I step outside for a bit, mum? - Of course, son. I'll grab one of these. Thanks. When the Nose culture society at Grorud offered to throw a migration day party, I didn't know how to answer. I have never celebrated this occasion before. I was more concerned with where I was going than where I came from. So why did I end up accepting the offer? The most important reason is sitting over there. I don't want Maria to grow up with a father without a past, And as memories have started to return, I have started to feel a bond between what has been and what is to come. Cheers! For the blowing wind, for the falling leaves. And for the growing grass. - Cheers! - Cheers! Alfhildr? - It means a lot that you all came today. - Don't mention it. What is it? Something on your mind? I had a memory today, about you. I don't know if this is the right occasion, but... - I have to tell you that I... - Fire away. We don't see each other that often. Let's do this later. The band is here. Don't you want to dance? Dancing is for those with coursing blood. The hospital sucked me dry. - I've acquired a... Kama Sutra book. - What the hell is that? - An Easterlandish love-making manual. - Yeah, that'd better be a thick book. I can tell that you're considering giving me a second chance. According to this come-and-suck-at-it book, is it okay to prey on sick, vulnerable women? Vulnerable? Don't make me laugh. Tore! - How's Tore? - He's unharmed. See? The shield maiden's still got it. Sure as hell you still got it. Be strong now. Don't you understand this is for the best? I can't handle losing you again. See you in Valhalla. Many attended the memorial service for the woman killed at Romsås yesterday, Many had flowers and posters to show their disgust for hate crime. Come on. It's about to start. I don't feel so good. Maybe I'll just stay here. A coward believes he will ever live, if he keeps him safe from strife. Old age leaves him not long in peace, though spears may spare his life. We honor you, Urd Sighvatsdottir. Child of fire and blood. Warrior queen and queen of the night. May your sword glimmer forever in Valhalla. Never doubt, always fight! Never doubt, always fight! Never doubt, always fight! Never doubt, always fight! - You must help me! - What's the problem? I found her on the beach. - What are you talking about? - I think she just migrated. Hey! I'm sorry it had to be this way, but I can't trust anyone anymore. You caught the pigs who killed Mariana, right? Me and my partner. What were you doing on the fjord that night? We got word that the government was doing illegal testing on beforeigners arriving in the timehole at 59.89/10.74. We faked a migration to find out what the tests were about. What went wrong? We didn't know the harbor officers had criminals reporting to them. Navn tipped off Jeppe and David about Mariana's arrival in the timehole. - Who are David and Jeppe working for? - I have to go. So they murdered Navn, and they're trying to frame you with the drone? Yes. Here's all the intel I've gathered about their activities. What was that memory you wanted to share with me? I'm not sure about this, Alfhildr. You don't have to protect me. I'm not a little girl anymore. It was about the day we found you. We were out at sea. We had been on a raid. You did well. It'll get easier with time. What the hell? We see something floating in the ocean. My father picked it up. - What kind of a creature is this? - It's obviously a human child. But where did she come from? Don't cry. Don't cry. - Then he baptises you. - "Nomansdaughter". Enginnsdottir! You didn't think quitting the drops would get rid of me, did you? You've opened that door in your head, and it takes more than that to close it. I know you're not real. You're dead. So dead people aren't real? So this is what they're hiding? Time is not a one-way street, like government would like us to believe. - Hi. - Hi. I realize this isn't a good time, but we have to talk about the case. - Ada contacted me. - You're right. - About what? - This isn't a good time. Okay. Okay. - What do you want to do tonight? - Tonight, I want to dance and forget. Do you know how to dance? Okay. - So you're a dancing policeman? - I don't know what I am anymore. You're not the only one. Is it really you? Yes, my dear. How much do you remember? It all came rushing back when I heard your message. Your things were still here. I almost forgot how tall you are. They don't call me Olav the Stout for nothing. Come on. Let's go save these heathen mongrels. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 