The English Game: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The English Game 
 s1e5 - Episode #1.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The English Game (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Episode #1.5 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 No infections. Swelling is down. He must be getting excellent care. The very best, sir. And as far as playing is concerned? You're doing well to be breathing, never mind playing. Our priority is to make sure you have a leg to stand on. - But surely I can just... - Mr. Love. I'm sorry to be the bearer of sad tidings, but you'll never play football again. I'll see you out, doctor. This is all my fault. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Fergie, don't. I chose to play for Blackburn. This isn't on you, and it's not for you to fix. They're making us out to be little more than thugs. The newspapers are calling the northern teams complete savages. As though the OId Etonians have never had a punch-up. There's a punch-up and then there's a full scale riot. But the real question is, what's to be done about it? An apology might be a start. An apology? From Darwen? This whole thing stems from you stealing our best players. - And your lad nobbling one of 'em. - Please. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 This is getting us nowhere. Can I remind you that the Etonians, the Harrovians, the Carthusians, they may be rivals, but when the game is done, they're on the same team. This is serious. I can guarantee the FA will take a very dim view. There's going to be repercussions, and you need to stand together when they come. Marindin will not let this go. Old Etonians... ...versus... Notts County. Well played, Alfred. So, that only leaves... Old Carthusians... versus... Blackburn. Arthur, it really is wonderful to have you back on the field. We've missed you. I don't know how many times I have to say I'm sorry for missing the game at Preston. Mea culpa. I won't let you down again. As long as you don't. Oh, don't worry. I'm fully recovered from my illness and I'm fighting fit. Don't talk about "fighting" fit. - Did you hear what happened at Blackburn? - I gather there was a ruckus. You can't make light of it, Arthur. It was a display of absolute savagery. Over a football match! I suspect it was about more than just football, Francis. I suspect it was about money, like everything else up there. I'm not sure I get your point. Fergus Suter was bought from Partick by Darwen, now he's been bought from Darwen by Blackburn. And if we have players changing sides whenever it suits, it's no surprise these people start causing trouble. You've spoken to these people about it, I imagine? I have, and I've seen the conditions they live in. I don't need to. Come now, Arthur. Can't you see what this is doing to our game? The honor's going out of it. We have to stamp this out... now. Perhaps we should, uh, focus on training, gentlemen. After all, we... have a semi-final in two days' time. Quite right, Alfred. I imagine Notts County aren't standing around, arguing politics. Very well. But I promise you, we will be taking this further. We have to. Cheer up, Mr. Suter. Look around you. The beauty of the moors, fresh air in your lungs, and the FA Cup within our grasp. Lads! Gather round, please. It goes without saying that we'll all be feeling pretty... downbeat regarding recent events, and Jimmy Love, in particular. - Aye. - Aye. But we have to rise above that. This semi-final is the biggest match in the county's history. And the best remedy for our community, and I daresay Mr. Love, would be to bring that Cup back to Lancashire and show those toffs what working men are made of. - Aye. - Aye. I recognize that victory alone isn't going to pay Love's doctor's bills. So, I want you all to know that a proportion of Sunday's gate will go directly to him. Blackburn is a club that looks after its own. That's all. - Mr. Suter. - Sir. You wouldn't mind passing on the news to Love? Of course, sir. It'd be my pleasure. And if I may ask... have you seen anything of Miss Almond? - Miss Almond, sir? - Yes. She used to work at the Cotton Masters' Club. Did she find another job, do you know? Not yet, but she will. And the little girl? I hope she's not suffering if her mother's out of work. Miss Almond would never let her daughter suffer, sir. Good. Thank you, Mr. Suter. You needn't bother asking. - As usual, I didn't get the job. - Did they give a reason? They didn't need to. "Tell us about your family." "Who'll care for your daughter whilst you're working?" Has she ever not been cared for for one day in her life? Martha. There's someone here. I didn't know what to do. Hello, love. She looks just like him. Like who? She does. Something about the eyes. - You won't believe me, but I'm sorry. - Don't. Please. I've not come here for that. Then why have you come? It must be very hard for you, without a job and money. We manage. - What if... - I don't need any help, Mrs. Cartwright. What if we took her? I'm afraid that's out of the question. If that's why you've come, I think you should leave. - I only wanted... - Please! I need you to leave. - Everything all right? - Mrs. Cartwright was just going. Yes. Thank you. Parker told me you were back. I said I would be. Yes, but you were supposed to be back a week ago. Have you sent for me to have an argument, Papa? I want to see my son. This bank is not just another of your many interests, Arthur. - I'm well aware of that. - Are you? All I'm saying is, that there comes a time in every man's life where he must decide if he's going to grow up and become a serious individual. I assume you'll be at the McAndrews meeting tomorrow? Of course. You've got mud in your beard. Just a minute. Tommy. Christ, Jimmy. Jimmy, what d'you think you're doing? I didn't think you were coming. Tommy, what do you want? I came to say I'm sorry. - I am. I never meant... - You're sorry? - You've got some cheek. - Doris, please. Let him come in. Right. Well, give him a hand, then. Can't stand here all day. Is there a lot of pain? Bit less than there was. Jimmy, if I could take it back... I know, but you can't. So, we'd better move on, I suppose. - Tommy. - It's fine, Fergie. No. It's not. I've no excuse, Fergus. It was an hard game and I was trying to put one on him, but... nothing like this. Sounds like an excuse to me. Fergie, I know he didn't mean it. Let's try and forget what happened. What about the FA Cup? Now all you've got to do is win it for me. Then at least I can say I played for a Cup-winning side. We'll win it, if I have to die in the attempt. But be honest, Jimmy. We're gonna struggle without you. They've not found a replacement? Well, they're trying this bloke and that, but nothing special so far. But listen, I've got news from Cartwright. They're gonna cover all you need to get well. My eye, that's kind. Thank him for me, will you? You can imagine Jimmy's relief when I told him. Good ol' Mr. Cartwright. He asked after you. Did he now? What did he say? Not much. Had you found another job, that sort of thing. He asked about Jenie. He wanted to know she was all right. He... He talked about Jenie? Just said he hoped she wasn't suffering because you weren't earning. I would never let her suffer. - How dare he say such a thing. - He didn't mean it badly. - Martha, he was being kind. - Oh, I'm sure he was. What... what have I said? What's the matter? Why shouldn't he ask about Jenie? He's asking after her because he's her father. What? He's her father. And today... his wife came here and tried to take her away from me. And now I'm frightened I'm going to lose her. - I don't understand. - What don't you understand? How a man like him could have a child with a woman like me? But how did it happen? I worked in his mill, and I fell in love with him. Do I really have to explain the rest? - You loved him? - Yes! I'll tell you something else. He was in love with me. He was. Then why is he not looking after you now? He got me a job, and I let him do that, but I wouldn't take money from him. Why should I? I knew he would never leave his wife, or tell her about Jenie. Except now, apparently, he has. Is that why they let you go? The manager found out. But it was right for me to leave. I couldn't be around him anymore. It's long over. - What? Where are you going? - I'll kill him. - You will not! - Then what do you want me to do? Nothing! I don't want you to do anything! Why did you tell me? I just wanted to tell someone I thought would give a damn. I do. I do give a damn. You'd better go up. Can I say, Alfred and Laura, how grateful we are for your generosity to the foundation. Brockshall Refuge is a good cause, Arthur. We are honored to support you, in both spirit and pocket. You're a complete darling, Alfred. - Isn't he just? - But has Arthur talked you into this, because it's our responsibility, Ada's and mine. I didn't talk him into anything. Don't worry, I'm a sentient adult. I know what I'm doing. Don't believe a word of it. I hope he knows what he's doing on Saturday. Notts County forwards are supposed to be rather handy. That's an idea. Let's drink to an Old Etonian victory against the wretched Notts County, eh? Damn them. I want to hear more about Arthur rescuing you from the wicked woman. What's this? Oh, it was... it was nothing. I'm sure we've talked enough about all that. When we were in the north, some horrid woman made off with the baby of a friend of Alma's, and she went after it. And just when she was about to be knocked out cold, Arthur rode to the rescue and brought them all away safely. When was this? - I think it was Sat... - I forget. I think it was when we were up there. I was worried about Alma and I went after her. I think Laura's making more of it than it was. No, I was quite frightened. Oh, I wish I could have seen you, cheeks flushed, hair a mess, baby clasped to your bosom. So... tell me more about your heroics at this, uh... orphanage. Oh, there's nothing to tell. Wasn't it hard for you... if you were laid up with illness, to go chasing over moors like Heathcliff? You know the boys wouldn't have accepted my missing the game if I told them the truth. I was worried about Alma. Quite right, too. That was a very good pudding tonight, Arthur. - Can we ask for the receipt? - So you weren't unwell. Fine. - There was no need to lie to me. - Wasn't there? - Would you have let me off? - Well, I might have had a few questions. By all means. Why was it so urgent? There was no guarantee the child would last the night. Alfred, please, I don't want to fall out over this. I was just trying to do what was right. Then perhaps you shouldn't have lied to me, to your teammates, to your friends, Arthur. I'm not quite sure what team you're on these days. In fact, maybe you shouldn't even play in the semi-final. You didn't get us there. I say, Alfred, that's a bit steep. If that's what you think, then you should, um... you should take it up with the others. This past year has been so awful, but now I really feel that Arthur and I are back on track. Good. Laura, we'd, uh, better be going. Already? We were settling in for an hour more of gossip, at least. See you at the Oval. Can't wait. Did something happen at the club? Well, it was my fault, really. Alfred didn't know why I missed the quarter-final. I'd said I was ill. - Why do you do these things? - I don't know. Well, actually, I do. Because I'm an idiot. I should've just been honest. Let's go to bed, hmm? I'm, uh, meeting Papa in the morning, and I need to be at the top of my game. See if I can persuade him to support the refuge. We are to take on a fallen women's refuge in the north and support it? Not entirely. We mean to raise funds. Others will help. Ada and Monkey are already involved, and we'll bank the money here. And I am to approve this? Why wouldn't you? Because the foundation has functioned perfectly well for many years along said lines with which I have no desire to interfere. So I am to wait until I am chairman before I can introduce new ideas? Why must you meddle with everything? First you tell me to be an adult and to take an interest, and now you criticize me when I do! It is for a good cause, Papa. And we cannot be at war... on every front. Well... I can agree with that. Mr. Stokes's shirt business is doing very well. Relative to what, Arthur? I surrender. You may save your refuge. You may take your meager profits for your shirts. Is that it? Is our business done? Not quite. I wanted to talk about our discussion yesterday. I thought I made myself perfectly clear. You did... but I'm not sure I did. Is it so impossible that my outside interests might serve the work we do here? - I am starting to live in the real world... - What does that mean? That I believe I am beginning to understand the people who represent the future of this country. And you understand them more clearly than I do? The point is, Papa, if I am to work here, you must take me as I am. Is that a threat? It is a statement of fact. Loving and loyal fact. Now I must finish my preparations for the McAndrews meeting. I'll see you then. She's beautiful, Betsy. Isn't she? Is Mrs. Cartwright in today? - She was just... - I'm here. Miss Almond. Would you mind watching Jenie for me? Mrs. Cartwright and I have to discuss something in private. I'm sorry about yesterday, Mrs. Cartwright... and how I reacted. I didn't think you knew, and I didn't think you'd want to see her if you did. I understand. But I could never let you take her away. Can you understand that? I can't say I'm sorry because... that would be like saying that I'm sorry that my daughter was born. I think I would feel the same... if I had a child. I can't be sorry that she exists, but I am sorry for what I did to you. You are the only person I have ever truly wronged, and I carry that with me every day. Believe me. What do you want? I've come to cheer you up. How long you got? As long as it takes. There must be something I can do for you, Jimmy. A drink would be nice. 'Course. I'll get some water. Don't be daft, Fergus. I suppose this counts as training. You've put on weight. I thought you were at death's door. I've not been out of bed in a week. Ah! You all right? You want to head back? Absolutely not! Keep going. Quicker the better. Chop chop! You'll get through this, Jimmy. The truth is, I'm a cripple. And there's nothing and no one that can make a difference. Come on. This isn't like you. It's me when it's just the two of us, all right? Aye. But just think a while, Jimmy. Your old life may be over, but what about Doris? I suppose. And what about you, Fergie? How's your new life? You've a semi-final this Sunday and a girl who seems smitten, and you've a face like a slapped arse. It's not as simple as that. But what if it is? You have to treasure what you have, Fergie. You never know when you might lose it. - Rosie. - All right? Jimmy. I didn't think we'd be seeing you for a while. Getting better every day. I'm surprised you're not resting, Fergus. Big match, haven't you? I was just about to head off, actually. Stay for one, Fergus. Won't hurt. Thanks, Tommy, but there's somewhere I need to be. I'm afraid the figures don't add up. The return simply won't cover the interest on the loan. You're absolutely certain, Parker? The McAndrews account is extremely valuable. That building will not turn a profit. It can't. Mr. Parker? Mr. Kinnaird? The Metropolitan Railway extension will pass through this area in the next few years. Of course. It's in the proposal. Which is why I've suggested putting a station within the development. Here is what the City of London would be willing to invest. Don't fret, Mr. Parker. The chief engineer plays for Wanderers. Terrible halfback, but, uh, his figures are sound. This would work. Excellent. So we can extend the loan? Would you like to write to Mr. McAndrews, Papa, or shall I? Fergus. Martha, I'm sorry. I was just... How did she take it? Has she forgiven you? Not exactly. But at least she knows the truth now. I'm not living a lie. I'm glad. But I can't play for the bastard, not now. You bloody will. Look at me. You're not playing for him. You're playing for me. And for every working man and woman in Lancashire. And for Jimmy Love. Jimmy would be made up if we brought the Cup home. So... don't you want that for him? - Can I kiss you? - Yes, please. There's a rumor the FA are planning to punish us because of the riot. The Lancashire FA need to handle this, or Marindin will bring the full force of London headquarters down on our neck. If I believed for one second that you cared about the Lancashire FA... If Blackburn get past the Carthusians in this semi-final, there's a chance a Lancashire club, a club of working men, could win the contest. And if we win, it changes everything, for all of us. We need to stick together now. Notts County don't have a chance against the Old Etonians. They're too soft in the middle. Well, they'll look smart when they lose. I sold them brand new kits 'specially for the semi. Sounds like your round, then. Fair enough. Who's having one? Yeah. Go on, then. I don't want to go home yet. All I do is lie down. I'll give him a hand. - Same again, is it, Ted? - Aye, a round for the table, love. I'm glad it's going so well for you, Ted. So far, Doris. So far. You're never out of the woods, you know. Even so, you must be taking on staff. Are you after work? Ah, I was thinking of Jimmy. Jimmy? But what would he do? I don't know, do I? Something where he could sit down, ideally. He's always worked and worked hard, and he's very good with his hands. Thank you. How'd it go with Father? He's agreed to support the refuge. Well done. I can't spend my life trying to please him. I am who I am, and he must get used to it. You told him that? From now on, I have to be honest with everyone. Even my teammates. Especially them. I am so proud of you. I'm proud of you. Come in, Fergus. Is it right that Blackburn are still short of a man? We have some candidates, but no one who shines. Then here's my idea. I think you should take Tommy Marshall. You're joking, aren't you? Suter and Jimmy Love might be able to switch sides at the drop of a hat, but this club means something to me. This is my town. I've lived here all my life. Settle down, Tommy, and let me talk. Should I tell you why the Old Etonians are so strong? Or the Harrovians or the Carthusians? It's because, at the end of the day, they're all on the same side. They control the game because they work together. And we need to do the same. - So, we switch sides whenever it suits? - Tommy. This semi-final, this Cup, is a chance for us to show what we are made of. And the fact is, Blackburn and Darwen have got far more in common than with any of the teams down south. I can't play for Blackburn. They wouldn't have me, anyway. They would. You can and you will. There's more at stake here. Now, we made a holy show the other week and it's about time we regain some pride. So I'm to be a turncoat to get our pride back? Oh, give it a rest. Blame me. Tell 'em I forced you. No one'll believe me. They will. Or they will because it's the truth. I am forcing you to go. You won't like it, but I'm sending Marshall to play for Blackburn. You can't. Surely, he's got a say in this. - I've agreed. - Oh, Christ, Tommy! - What are they paying you? - It's not about that. It weren't for me, Jimmy Love would be playing on Sunday. This is good for all of us. Our best player is going to go play for our biggest rivals. - How is that good for us? - Because if Blackburn win this Cup, then we all win. There are people who don't think that working men should even be playing the game. And the only way to show them that they're wrong is to beat 'em. And this is his doing, is it? No, it's my decision. And the right one. Mr. Suter? Mr. Cartwright. I wanted to thank you... for bringing Marshall here. It's appreciated. It was Mr. Walsh's idea, sir. We're a good side. Just needed the final piece. And Suter... Get us to that final... and I'll make you captain. - Are you sure? - Of course. And there'll be a sizable bonus in it for you. No. No, that's not necessary, sir. I take care of my own. Talent should be rewarded. As long as you win. Good luck, Fergus. I have all the luck I need right here. All aboard! Good luck, John. Miss Almond. Mrs. Cartwright. The women under our care at Brockshall are in need of more than a roof over their heads, and I would like people there who understand their situations. Are you still looking for work? Given the nature of the place, you'd be welcome to bring your daughter whenever you wish. Why are you doing this for me? I'm not doing it for you. I'm doing it for my husband's only child. His only living child. You don't have to answer right away, of course. Well, I can answer whenever you like. Good. If we win today and play Blackburn in the final, how do we know their supporters won't riot on the pitch again? That's why we need to deal with this before next season. How do you mean? Well... we must take steps. Professionalism must be stamped out. I agree, Francis. You know, I'm not convinced either of you understands the situation. I beg your pardon, Arthur. So you're in favor of paying players now, are you? I'm not talking about football, nor the fact that players may or may not be being paid. There's no "may or may not" about it. Blackburn have five men taking a wage, and they're not the only ones. The football fans, in the Midlands and the north, for the most part, are good. They're hard-working people. No one's suggesting they aren't. People trying to get by on circumstances that are... extremely difficult, to say the least. - And that's an excuse to riot, is it? - No. No, but their lives are much harder than ours. And if they want change things, they have a right to be heard. You're the one who's changed, Arthur. You've gone soft. Well, perhaps I have. I'm sorry, Francis. I don't want to fall out with you, but I have to be honest. Mmm. In fact, I have a confession. I did not miss the quarter-final due to illness, but because I chose to attend to a family crisis in Blackburn. I should have told you. I will understand if you want me to step down today. I know Dunn here will make a very able deputy. Very well then. Thank you. Alfred, we have a problem. Question is... what are we to do about it? ♪ You tyrants of England Your race may soon be run ♪ ♪ You may be brought unto account For what you've sorely done ♪ ♪ You tyrants of England Your race may soon be run ♪ ♪ You may be brought unto account For what you've sorely done... ♪ Blackburn have won their semi-final. Aren't you going to put their name up? No. No. Not yet, no. In fact, it's time we got to business, gentlemen. But Arthur isn't here. Uh, he couldn't make it. Come on, take your places. - No, perhaps if we wait... - Oh, shut up, Munro. We have enough board members for a quorum, and we have serious matters we need to deal with urgently. Now... the matter at hand today... is the events of the 12th of March at Blackburn, and the proposed expulsion from the association and its competitions of the teams concerned: Darwen Football Club... and Blackburn Football Club. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 