McLeod's Daughters: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 McLeod's Daughters 
 s1e5 - Taking the Reins - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 McLeod's Daughters (2001–2009): Season 1, Episode 5 - Taking the Reins - full transcript 
 Tess tries to improve her riding skills. Sirocco becomes ill. Jody wants to go out and night and party like she thinks Becki does. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - [Narrator] Previously on McLeod's Daughters. - Why is she riding Sirocco? - Well, he's Jack's horse. It'll be interesting to see if she can handle him. He's a fiery animal. - What does it look like to you? - I don't know, it's a shed. - This was where Jack died. Dad went out to the high paddocks to look for the strays. I didn't get worried till it was about almost dark. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Sirocco was there. He stayed with him. - Come on! Woo! Come on! - Jodi, the gate. - I'll get it. Right. Uh... Good boy. A bit closer. Oh! (cattle lowing) - Hey, nice move. (laughs) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - You all right? - Yep, I'm fine. - Go on, up you go. - Yeah, I know, you fall off you gotta get straight back on. - No, you've got to get on before you get trampled. (cattle lowing) - Oh. - Come on, show's over, let's round 'em up. (bright guitar music) Get 'em in! Come on. (bright music) ♪ It'll take some time to find your heart ♪ ♪ And come back home ♪ ♪ You could walk for miles cross every river ♪ ♪ And find you're not alone ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'll be there ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'll be there ♪ (gentle music) - I thought I was cooking risotto tonight. - What's that? - Um, it's an Italian sort of sticky rice and it's got vegetables and fresh herbs and-- - Shepherd's pie, my favorite. - Sorry, but it was getting late. - Of course, I forgot. Too late is what, dinner after seven in the country. - Ah, just a sec, I thought you might be needing this. (all laughing) - Come on, everyone, it's not fair to make Tess the butt of all the jokes. (laughing) - Mind if I borrow the ute tonight? I'll fill it up. - Yeah, sure. - See, the Ryans have that jet gun, the portable one. - Oh, yeah? What's it's rate? - [Becky] 40 liters per minute. You can use two guns at the same time. - It's all right, Meg, I'll do it. Dishes I'm good at. - You know it's not easy working with cattle. - Well, it is for some people. - Well, some people have been doing it all their life. Takes time to adjust to country life. You shouldn't be too hard on yourself. - How long did it take you to get used to it? - I don't know, I just... I just did. Soon as I saw this place I knew I never wanted to leave. (humming) (horse nickering) - What's a matter, mate? You haven't eaten your food. You're a fussy old bugger. I'm relying on your genes to make us filthy rich, okay? So eat up. (pop music playing) (ute door slams shut) - There she goes again. - (scoffs) Don't be such a sticky-beak, Mum. - I wonder where she goes every night. - To have a good time, unlike us. - [Tess] Yeah, I'm missing you, too. - Will you be long? - Um, no, I'm just finishing off. I'll get off now, then, shall I? There you go, it's all yours. (gentle music) At least you're not good at everything. - Did you want something? - I don't know, I um... I feel like the odd one out. - Well, apart from having foot in mouth disease, you look all right to me. - I fell off my horse. - Then what's the problem? It happens all the time. You'll get over it. - Yeah, but I'll look like an idiot in front-- - Then what's the problem? - Leave you to it. - What would she know about art? (gentle music) - Oh, I don't know, Claire. I don't know the first thing about it. - Well, neither did Dad, but he still liked my paintings. - The rest of your life. I have nothing to fear except fear itself. I like big animals, big animals like me. Thank you, thank you, thank you, God for big animals. - Oh, Jodi! - Jodi! - Did someone call? - Yes. I want you to put some extra feed out for the heifers. They're gonna drop their calves soon. - But Claire, I've already-- - You can go with Becky. - Oh, okay, no worries. - Sirocco's off his feed for the second day in a row now. - I'll make him up some bran mash. - Did you have a good night? - Yeah, you? - Mum, we've gotta go. Jobs to do, remember? So, where'd you go? What'd you do? Did you have a few beers and meet a few spunks? - You like me, I like you. Okay, let's make a deal. I don't want to look like an idiot, so you're gonna have to work with me here. Now, you've heard of the carrot and the stick approach? Yep? Okay, well um... This is the carrot. (Tess shudders) - Horses pick up on body language. If you're scared it makes him scared. - Well, I am scared, I can't help it. I'm scared of all big animals, horses, cows, sheep. - You just need to get to know each other better. - How do I do that? - Buy him a drink. - So um... (clears throat) Horse walks into a pub and the barman says, "Why the long face?" (horse nickers) Oh, God. (gentle music) (Sirocco nickers) (Sirocco neighs) - Settle down, boy. (Sirocco neighs) Hey, settle down. Settle down. - He used to play up for your dad, too. - He is a tough old nut. Just like him. Nick? Yeah, it's Claire. Your vet's over there today, isn't he? Yeah, you reckon he could come over and take a look at Sirocco? Yeah. Terrific, thanks. See you later. - You bringing the vet in? - Oh, just to be sure. (sentimental music) - [Nick] G'day. - (sighs) Gee, I only asked for the vet, not half of Killarney. - We just wanted to see you were okay. - Sure, you did. Tess is down there. - Well, this is a change, Claire. Tight as your old man, aren't you? - If you came here more often, Greg, people would talk. - Well, they talk about me anyway. - What's wrong with Sirocco? - Oh, it's probably nothing. He's got the hots for Greg, that's all. - Oh, right. - You know what I've decided? I'm not gonna let this place get me down. No, I am gonna work hard. - Oh, yeah? - Yeah. And then Mum can't say anything when I hang out with you and party. (laughs) - I can see you like carrots. I've got an endless supply, I can get them for you whenever you want. - It's just a saying, you know. You don't really have to whisper. - I know that. What are you doing here? - Well, I came to see your great rapport with animals. - Very funny. Do you mind? I'm quite busy, actually. - Doing what? - Uh, we're getting to know each other better. - I've got a much better way of doing that. - Really? You an expert? - Well, I haven't had any complaints so far. (Tess laughs) - I was planning on getting you out here soon anyway. I'm thinking of starting a breeding program with Sirocco. - Uh-huh, any luck? - Natural service. - Wouldn't want to be paying us vets any more than you have to. - (laughs) Mob of sharks. But I might grab a few straws as well for insurance. - All right, cover your bets. Has he been eating? - Not a lot. - And no manure for a couple of days. - I gave him some bran mesh, that usually does the trick. - Mm-hmm. - [Tess] Ow! - The whole idea is to relax. - I am relaxed. - And you've got to show him who's boss. Remember, you're in charge, not him. - Be bossy, be friendly, what's a girl supposed to do? Hey, what are you doing? - I said relax, remember? Now, I'm just gonna check out your seat. - Alex, that is not my seat. - Well, that's what I'm trying to get to. - Anyway, there's nothing wrong with my seat. (horse neighs) (Tess shouts) - Well, this laxative should do the trick, but until the blockage in his bowel's cleared, I can't actually tell if anything else is going on. If he's in pain you can give him some aspirin, but that'll destroy the good bacteria in his guts, so you'll have to replace it. - How? - Well, manure's full of it. Just mix it with water, give it to him. - You're kidding. - Nah, I love this job. Where else can you tell your patience to eat poop and get away with it? (Claire laughs) I'll swing by tomorrow and make sure the laxative's worked. In the meantime make sure you-- - Walk him, I know. Great, that's all I need. - Well, better than that a twisted bowel. I'll see you tomorrow. - Yeah, thanks, Greg. - I'll take first shift. - No, that's all right, Nick. - You can't walk him all night on your own. I mean, will it really kill you to accept a favor for once? Thank you, Nick. - (mumbles) Thank you, Nick. - What was that? - Thank you, Nick. (gentle music) - Oh, it is beautiful, isn't it? I would miss it. - You going somewhere? (horse nickers) - You never know. If I get a better offer. - How could you do better than this? - Only someone who's never been to the city could ask that. - Listen, I boarded in the city for years. Tell me one good thing about it. - Coffee. - Righto, two good things. - Yaya. - I said good things. (Tess laughs) - Uh, facials, massages, Sunday markets, clubs, window shopping, delis. - Yeah, yeah. - Uh, cheesecake, fresh pasta, movies. - Okay, I get the idea. You're not seriously thinking about it, are you? - Never intended to stay here forever. - What are you doing tomorrow? - Dunno, whatever act of torture Claire can come up with next. - About time, Alex. I'm not your secretary. Harry's called three times looking for you. - Well, someone's in trouble. - He can't manage without me, that's all. - Listen, can you give this back to Terry? He must have left it here when he came over the other day looking for that bull. - Bull? Oh, yeah, I always take my watch off when I'm looking for bulls. Geez, Beck, what happened to you? Who cut your hair, the council? - Bite your bum, Alex. - Well, you wouldn't get a date at a beaner's ball with a hairdo like that. - It's the only place you'd get one, Stumpy. (playful music) - Oh, it doesn't mean what you think. - It means she knocked you back. - Oh, kid away. (Tess laughs) Where's Nick? - Helping Claire. - But they say size doesn't matter, right? - That's what men like to think. - Jodi, you gotta fan the beetroot out. See? Food should look as good as it tastes. - Has anyone seen my red jumper? I can't find it. - Are you going into town? - Yeah. - Oh, well, I'll come too, then. - Uh, no, what about dinner? - Not hungry. - But-- - Mum, I'm going. - Your mum thinks I'm going to lead you astray. - Oh, please do. - You're not gonna get there till 10:00 then what... Could you take this out to Nick and Claire? - Is Nick still here? I thought he went home with Alex. - They'll need cutlery. - Nobody tells me anything. (gentle music) You staying over? - Sirocco's sick. - Oh. Yep. Anyway, dinner's served. Driver's Run specialty, slices of ham ala tinned. Why don't you let me take over while you eat your dinner? - Tried that. - Take a break, anyway. - I'm fine, thanks. - I can do it, honestly. - You know what Sirocco's like. - I can lead a horse, Claire, I might not be able to ride, but I-- - I'm the only one who can handle him. - You don't trust me, do you? - Don't take it personally, she's like this with everyone. - [Tess] What do you think's gonna happen, Claire? - Nothing, I just-- - Fine, then, hand me the reins. - Actually, Tess, if you wouldn't mind, I need to get back to Killarney. - Sure, I'll give you a lift. - Give me a call if you need anything. - Thanks. (gentle music) - I know what he meant to her. I know he was Jack's horse, I know he died on him. Claire knows I know all that. - It's a bit more than that. - What is it with you country people? No one ever tells anyone anything. I'm sick of it. - All I know is that they had a blue. Jack took off on Sirocco, Claire found him hours later, dead. - I didn't know that. I didn't know about the argument. Poor Claire. So sudden. I had months and months to say goodbye to Mum. It's not fair. - Life isn't. (birds calling) - Ah, it's um, those birds again. I'm sick of them, too. (engine revving) Come on. Come on! (Claire humming) ♪ Oh the grand old duke of yore ♪ ♪ He had ten thousand ♪ ♪ He marched them up to the top of the hill ♪ ♪ And he marched them down again ♪ ♪ Oh and when he was up he was up ♪ ♪ And when he was down he was down ♪ - So give. What are we waiting for? (train chugging) - Shh! There, hear it? - Hear what? (signal clanging) The train? Is that it? Oh, I get it. (train horn blowing) - Woo! Yeah, woo! Woo! - Woo, woo! - Yeah, woo! - Woo! (laughs) - Come on, let's go. - Is that it? Watching a train go by? - Yeah, don't you love it? (bright music) Come on! ♪ Speed bonnie boat like a bird on the wing ♪ ♪ Onward the sailors cry ♪ ♪ Carry the lad that's born to be king ♪ ♪ Over the sea to Skye ♪ ♪ Loud the wind howls loud the waves roll ♪ ♪ Thunderclaps rend the air ♪ ♪ Baffled our foes stand by the shore ♪ ♪ Follow they will not dare ♪ ("The Skye Boat Song") (light clicks on) (Tess humming) (dramatic music) - That's what I'm looking for. (Tess sighs) (ute speeding) - So, where are we going? - Wait here. (whimsical music) - Yup, party hard. (sighs) (whimsical music) (bottle clinking) (rock music playing on radio) - Thanks. Bye, Beck. - Good morning. (Jodi gasps) - Mum! Scary. - Where do you think you're going? - My bed's calling me. - Do you have any idea what time it is? I have been awake all night. - Hey, me too! (chuckles) - Oh no, you don't. There's work needs to be done. - Can't it wait? - No. (gentle music) - Oh, no. No, Sirocco. Come on, boy, you can do it. Come on. Yeah, come on. Just a little step forward. Come on. Come on. Come on. That's good. Come on. - Becky! What do you think you're playing at? - Please, come in. You were saying? - I'd like to know what you and Jodi got up to last night. - Why don't you ask Jodi? - I'm asking you. - None of your business. - I beg your pardon? - You heard me. Now if you don't mind, I've got some work to do. - I haven't finished yet. - Last I looked Claire was my boss. - And Jodi is my daughter and I don't want her involved in any criminal activity or anything else you get up to. - I promise I won't invite her to any more drunken orgies. - I mean it, Becky. I don't want her being influenced by somebody who has no respect for anything or anyone. - Tell you what, why don't you come along next time. You can invite your friend, Terry. Then we can keep an eye on each other. (dramatic music) (water pouring) - Is he in pain? - Yes. - Poor thing. Look, Claire, I understand why this is so hard for you. I only had one parent, too. I know what it's like to be left, although not quite in the same way, but I can see how this must feel like your chance to make things up with Jack. Which is why you're shutting me out. But I think it'd help to talk about what you said. - I'm sorry about last night. - Oh, no, I didn't mean to me, I meant to Jack. The fight you had before he died. Um, Nick told me. - [Meg] (shouting) Claire! - What's happened? - He's gonna be okay, look. - Oh! - So he'll be all right now? - Yeah. Oh! Don't you ever, ever do that to me again. You scared the living daylights out of me. - Is there anything I can do for you today? Anything at all? - Yeah, I forgot to tell Becky that when she finishes the fences I need the heifers brought into the big old paddock. They're ready-- - To calf. I know, no problem. - But Tess, it'd be-- - It's all right. I won't ride. I'll um, take the ute. (keys jangling) Thanks, Meg. - Oh, you're hungry now, are you? (birds chirping) (long low moaning) - Ow! That's got to hurt. Uh, right. You stay there, I'll go get some help. (cow lowing) Is it okay? - Not exactly, the calf's stuck. - [Tess] Ah, what do we do? - We should get Mum, she'll know what to do. - Yep, good idea. - No, it'll be dead by the time we get back if it's not dead already. We need to get her out now. - Well, don't look at me. - Well, we'll need rope. - Rope? - Yeah, you have to tie a rope around the calf's legs to pull it out. I'll look after this end. - I'll get the rope. (Sirocco nickering) - Whoa, boy, whoa, boy. Hold on. - As soon as I saw the manure I knew it was colic. Should've called. Sorry you've come all this way. - Hmm, well you'll be sorrier when you get my bill. (Claire laughs) - And you, too. Tess is out with the others. - Believe it or not, I came to see how Sirocco was doing. - (laughs) Or not. (Sirocco nickering) Uh, look, I've got to um, check on some heifers. I sent Tess out to have a look, but she doesn't know what she's doing. I'll be back. (gentle music) Where's the ute? - Tess took it, what's wrong? - That's right. That's right, she had to take it because she can't ride. That's okay, I can ride, I can ride, I'll take a horse. I can take Star, Star... Star, it isn't going to work. - There's a tumor. He couldn't tell before now. - Right, so we operate? - Claire, it's too far gone. If you want, Greg can put him down or I can do it. - No. No, I'll do it. I'll see him out. Fine, Dad. Take him. (cow lowing) - Do you know what you're doing? - Sort of. They usually use this pulley thingy, but I remember Mum once told me they had to use a ute. - Don't even think about it. - I'm not having much luck here. - Well, pull harder! - You're gonna have to help. Please? (cow mooing) (Becky grunting) - Is she mooing because we're hurting her or is she mooing because the calf is coming? - How do I know? Are you making any headway? - I wouldn't exactly call it headway. - Well, pull harder. (Tess grunting) - It's coming! It's coming. (both grunt) - Oh. - Oh, it's a boy. - Hey. We'd better go before the cow gets up and charges us. - That'd be right. Another overprotective mother. (Becky laughs) - Bye. - Bye. (laughs) Oh, yeah. ("My Heart Is Like a River" by Rebecca Lavelle) ♪ My heart is like a river ♪ ♪ My heart is like these hills ♪ ♪ They never change I never change ♪ ♪ And I never will ♪ ♪ You called and I came running ♪ ♪ You cried and now I'm here ♪ ♪ So hold this faith accept our faith ♪ ♪ These are little fears ♪ ♪ We have enough to guide us ♪ ♪ We have enough to last ♪ ♪ We're not alone we never were ♪ ♪ You and I at last ♪ - [Jodi] Mom! - [Tess] Meg! - We gave birth! - You should have seen it, it's legs were going everywhere. I tell you, there's no way I'm going through that. - Um, Tess, in case you hadn't noticed, you're not a cow. Well, actually... - Very funny. Where's Claire? - Gone with Sirocco. - Where? - Gone to put him down. - Don't you give me any trouble, all right? ♪ My heart is like a river ♪ ♪ My heart is like these hills ♪ ♪ They never change I never change ♪ ♪ And I never will ♪ - He wants you with him, mate. (Sirocco grunting) (rifle cocking) (Claire crying) (gun fires) (wistful music) ♪ And though I cannot touch you ♪ ♪ And though I cannot see ♪ ♪ Where you've gone where you are ♪ ♪ You're still here with me ♪ I should've checked sooner. I should've checked him sooner. - You weren't to know. - Jack's a stubborn old bugger. I thought he was out here sulking. - Come on. - I should've checked him sooner. ♪ Something keeps us going ♪ ♪ Finds light in all the dark ♪ ♪ To see your face to hear your voice ♪ ♪ If we could only talk ♪ - Let's go home. (Claire crying) Come on. ♪ My heart is like a river ♪ ♪ My heart is like these hills ♪ ♪ You'll never change ♪ ♪ I'll never change ♪ ♪ And I never will ♪ (fire crackling) (Tess humming) - Ah, Jack's scotch. - Oh, no, is it? I'm sorry, I'll find something else. - Eh, doesn't matter. Might as well. Not much of him left except the desk. - And us. (scotch pouring) I can't get that song out of my head. - Hmm, Dad used to sing it to us when we were little. Only way I would get to sleep. (birds singing) They say they cry like that when someone dies. - It gives me the creeps. - Yeah, me too. (Claire laughs) (scotch pouring) You know, people used to think Picasso wasn't any good. (Tess laughs) Come on, let's go. (scotch pouring) - Up your bum. - And up yours, too. (both laughing) (bright music) ♪ Common ground ♪ ♪ Find common ground ♪ ♪ Keep on looking ♪ ♪ Till it's found ♪ ♪ Got one chance that's what they say ♪ ♪ They're all wrong 'cause there are many ways ♪ ♪ Got to want it ♪ ♪ Got to know ♪ ♪ That nothing's just as it seems ♪ ♪ It's not easy it's a long long road ♪ (lightning crashing) (electronic tones chiming) (chiming music) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 