McLeod's Daughters: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 McLeod's Daughters 
 s1e3 - Don't Mess with the Girls - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 McLeod's Daughters (2001–2009): Season 1, Episode 3 - Don't Mess with the Girls - full transcript 
 It's time for the annual rodeo. Claire wants to ride Jack's horse Sirocco to a championship, and Tess tries to get Becky to report being raped. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - [Narrator] Previously on McLeod's Daughters. - So what happened to the pub and the supermarket? Did you quit there, did you? - Days off, that's all. I like to spread myself around. - Hello darling. - Hey Becky. You got the time, I got the equipment. - Come, big share around, eh? - Lovely set of tits, Becky. Give us a look. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Take a good look, boys, 'cause it's all you're gonna get. - You would never have tried this on my father, and you're not gonna get past me. You're fired, that's it. - The whole town's talking about her. - How's she gonna run the place on her own? - Well she can't, of course, but you know, top marks for trying. (sentimental country music) - Who's in charge of the place now? - That would be me. - For real? Good on you for having a bash. - I need some money, and the way 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I see it, there's acres and acres of property here. - Tess, don't say it! - Just a bit. How could it hurt to sell off just a bit? (exciting country music) - [Tess] They look like they're straight out of a cowboy movie. - Buckle buddies. - Buckle buddies! - Ladies! - Hi. - How are ya? Ah, I'll give ya a hand. - Oh thanks. - So when am I gonna see you? - You're seeing me now. - You know what I mean. - I know what you mean. - Hi Beck. - Oy. - Morning Beck, nice day for it. - Nice everyday, Brick. It's getting it that counts. - Hey, I didn't mean it like that. - I know, I'm just having a loon. - Hiya Becky. Great hat. - Cost enough. - Claire. Saw your name down for the campdraft. - Yeah, thought I'd give it a go. Hey, thanks for the help shearing the other week. - Not a problem. Good luck with it, not that you'll need. - If that skirt were any shorter, you'd see her tonsils. - G'day. - Ladies. Bet you a slap you won't win. - Just make sure it's full strength and cold. - Right-oh. - Hey, I was wondering when you'd turn up. - Well you can stop worrying now. - Well I knew you wouldn't miss the big day. - Nothing better than watching animals being tortured. - Get away. Bronc riding is the most fun you can have with your pants on. (laughing) You're a virgin, aren't you? - Excuse me? - First time rodeo. I thought as much. Come on, I'll show you around. ♪ It'll take some time to find your heart ♪ ♪ And come back home. ♪ ♪ You could walk for miles, cross every river ♪ ♪ And find you're not alone ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'll be there. ♪ ♪ Oh oh oh oh. ♪ ♪ Oh oh oh oh. ♪ ♪ You're not alone ♪ ♪ Oh oh oh oh. ♪ ♪ Oh oh oh oh. ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'll be there. ♪ ♪ Ooh. ♪ (rock country music) - Good luck out there today. - Big day for you, Senior Constable Cook. - Just keep your nose clean, Ryan. - Right-oh, senior constable. - Testosterone city around here, isn't it? - Yep. (dramatic music) - There's no shortage of that where you come from, is there? - You can let go now, I think I can manage. (laughing) - [Ryan] What's up? - Nothing. (horse whinnying) - Behave yourself. - G'day. - G'day. - Hear you're entering the campdraft. - That's the one. - On Sirocco. - Yeah. Everyone's talking. - Doesn't matter what people say. - Yes, it does. They all know that I've fired my stockman. They all know the shearers walked out on me. They're saying, "Clair McLeod can't do it. "Not on her own, not without her dad," and it's not true. - So you're out to prove you're as good as he was. - I have to. 'Cause I am. - There's gotta be an easier way to keep Drovers Run. - Like marry you? - Harry and Jack's plans. - Silly buggers. - [Announcer] Ladies and gentleman, welcome to the Gungellan Rodeo. Great to see you all here today. Getting the action underway-- (laughing) - Hi. - G'day. - Hi. - You see that bloke with the bronc in the shoot? That's Heathy, one of this country's best cowboys. (cheering) (horse whinnying) - Put the spurs in, Heathy! (horse whinnying) (cheering) - [Ryan] Spur it, Heathy! (horse whinnying) - That was quick. - 7.2 seconds, it's not bad. - For you, maybe. (laughing) - Yeah, whoo! - Oh, there's Becky! - [Announcer] Even if he doesn't win the rodeo, ladies and gentleman, I reckon he still scored there from the look of things. - God, all the guys love her. - You could call it that. - Going to introduce me, Alex? - This is my brother, Nick. - Nice to meet you at last. - Oh, me too, I didn't know Alex had a brother. - Yeah, it happens in the best of families. You enjoying the rodeo? - Yeah. Well, for a lot of Neanderthal willy waving, it's quite interesting, really. - Aren't you meant to be somewhere? - Be somewhere? (laughing) - See you met my sister. - [Announcer] Next up, Pete Kennedy on Turbo. You'll remember Pete took a bad fall last year. Good to see you back in the saddle, Pete. (crowd cheering) (horse whinnying) - What happened to him? - He broke his leg, his arm, his collar, and his cheek bone. - Oh, and now he's back for more? (horse whinnying) How dumb would you have to be to do that? - No argument from me. - [Announcer] Next out of the shoot, local legend, Alex Ryan on DST. Come on, let's give Alex a big hand now. - I didn't mean your brother was dumb. (dramatic music) - [Announcer] Watch your back, boys. Watch your back. (exciting country music) (cheering) - Go Alex! (crowd gasping) - [Announcer] No where near the time he did last year - Oh, is he alright? Ooh, that would have hurt. (audience clapping) - [Announcer] That's the luck of the draw in rodeo, ladies and gentleman. - Lucky you landed on your brain! - [Announcer] Give him a hand, ladies and gentleman. Alex Ryan. I'm sure we'll see him back here next year to stick it out again. (Man chanting "Chug") (laughing) - [Man] At least you managed to hit the dartboard this time, Chris-oh. You're improving. - Here we go, next round. - Don't forget, you're working tonight. - I know, I'll be there, don't worry. - Yeah, as long as you're upright. - That'd be a change, eh Beck? - I can recommend the steak. - (laughing) That was gonna be my choice. Do you come here often? - On and off. - Alright, who's buying me the next drink? - Hey, I'll buy you a drink, Beck. It'll cost you kiss though-- (cheering) - Oh, you lucky devil! - Jeez, I didn't know I was buying you lunch as well. - Go on, pay up! - She's gorgeous, ain't she? - Man, she's had half the town. - Doesn't matter. - Now concentrate on the darts. - Are all the places around here as big as Drovers Run and Kalani? - Pretty much. A few places were split up and sold to hobby farmers. - Did they sell? - Used to, not anymore. - What about the market for the bigger properties? How often do they come up for sale? - Pretty rare these days. - Do they stay on the market long? - Well that depends on the condition of the land, quality of the fences, drainage. Good land will always sell well. - If the price is right. - Exactly. (laughing) - Alright. My round, what can I get you? - Oh, I'm fine, thanks. - [Harry] Another drink? - Yeah. - Yeah. - So does she want to sell? - We were just having a chat. - Yeah, well you must have been talking about something. - Yeah, she's thinking of selling, okay? - Good. That's good. - [Man] G'day Claire. - What were you saying to Nick? - Nothing. Just asking a few questions, that's all. - What about? - Property market. - Nothing's been decided yet, and you're blabbing it all over town. - Well I didn't know I had to take a vow of silence. Do I have to be celibate too? - Why, which one do you want? Alex or Nick? - Does it matter? - I've gotta get back. I'm next up. (crowd gasping) - [Announcer] Give a big hand Wayne, runner-up in last year's open bull ride, for really hanging in there. (horse whinnying) - Shh. Easy now. (sentimental music) That's better. Yeah, it's one of Jack's old shirts. You can still smell him, can't ya? Don't you worry. He's gonna be with us. - [Announcer] That was Brent Kendall on Firecracker, our last rider in the open bull ride. Next up, the open campdraft, starting in five minutes. - So how would you rate Claire? - Oh yeah, pretty good. She was a finalist on Eagle last year. - Well why is she riding Sirocco? - Well he's Jack's horse. It'll be interesting to see if she can handle him. He's a fiery animal. - [Announcers] All competitors, make sure you're registered. Don't go anywhere folks. Lots more exciting action to come. - Looks like lots of people have turned up to watch. - Yeah, they'll all wanna see how Claire goes. (laughing) - What? Oh. Is it gone? - How long till she's on? - She's soon. - She's next up. - [Announcer] Very special horse, that was last year's open campdraft horse of the year, Sirocco. As most of you would know, Jack McLeod won on him last year. - Claire? - [Announcer] Sadly, Jack's no longer with us, but we have a brave little lady who's going to carry on the family tradition. - Little lady? - [Announcer] Let's give a big welcome to Jack's daughter, Clair McLeod. (cheering) (dramatic music) - Go Claire! - Get up, Sirocco! - [Announcer] Claire's got 10 seconds to choose a heifer. Okay, she's picked her beast. - Gate! (upbeat country music) - Go Claire! - Go Claire! - [Announcer] Heading to the first peg. (cheering) Moving to the second peg. Ganging up on her. (cheering) She crosses over to the second. - Come on, bring her around, bring her around! (cheering) - [Announcer] Remember folks, she's gotta make her do a full figure eight or she's disqualified. - Yes, yes! - Nearly there, come on! - [Announcer] Now they're headed to the gate. (cheering) And it's a completed course, ladies and gentlemen. Let's wait for the judges to give their marks. - That's my sister! - No. - [Announcer] Claire's score is 23 for camp, 63 for horsework, four for the course. - That's gonna be plenty hard to beat. (cheering) - [Announcer] That's an excellent score, ladies and gentlemen, for Claire McLeod on Sirocco. (whistling) Jack would be proud. - Hey, not you, the horse! (laughing) - Go Claire! - [Announcer] That score should get them through tomorrow's finals. Let's hope we see them again there. (sentimental music) - Whoa whoa. Good boy. - Right on, champion. Pretty good, Claire, pretty good. - Better ally up, I hate it when you welsh on a bet. - Oh get away, the finals aren't till tomorrow. - Make it Foster's, too. - Hey, that showed 'em! - I thought he was gonna play up! - Bloody marvelous, Claire. Jack couldn't have done better himself. Suppose you'll be thinking of selling him, huh? - (laughing) Oh, nice try, Harry. - I didn't think you were gonna make that last turn, but it's great. - Hey, did you hear us barracking? We were the loudest. - [Claire] How's your bum, mate? - [Alex] It's left up my backside. (country music) - Having a good night boys? - Hi Becky. - Brick. (crowd chattering) ("Hopeless Case" by Rebecca Lavelle) - Come on, let's show 'em how it's done, eh? Remember the bump? - I'm not that old. - Come on, Becks, dance with me. I've been waiting all night. - Hey, keep your hands to yourself. - Oh that's not what you said last time I was here. - Last time you were here, you weren't married. - Oh, come on Becky Boo, just a little dance. Come and dance, hey. - You know the rules, no married men. - Oh come on, Becky. You what old Gently can do for ya, right? - Apparently, he's the best dang second ride on the circuit. (jeering) - I'm second, eh? Slut, huh! (yelling) - [Brian] Hey listen! Hey listen! Are you fellas looking for the bar to be shut? Is that what you fellas want? - Yes, I do actually, get her-- - Any more trouble in the bar, we'll be shut down. - Oh, well why don't you throw her out? - Come on, get him out. (yelling) - Thanks Brian, works every time. - Alright, drink up fellas. - Marry me? - Yeah, I'll marry you in the morning, I promise. - Love you. - Yeah, I love you. See ya, have a good night. My feet are so sore. - I think we deserve a little drink. - Absolutely. Hard day's work. Glad it's over. - Here ya go. - Lovely. - Cheers. - Cheers. (crickets chirping) - Stop wriggling. - This isn't what I expected when you said we were staying the night. - You always did this. - Claire! - One blanket each! (laughing) - That one's mine. - And that one's mine, and that one's mine. - [Tess] And that one's mine and that one's mine. - And you can't have 'em unless you name 'em. (laughing) (sentimental music) - You were fantastic out there today. - Sirocco was. - You didn't tell me he was Jack's horse. How did he die? - Heart attack. - I know that, but how? I think it was losing mum's hair that really killed her. Remember how thick and gorgeous it was? She was all for the chemo till then. After that, she didn't really care anymore. She pretended. She'd still put on that smile of hers, but I knew she wanted to die. - Did it take long? - Yeah, too long. - Were you there? - Every day. - Dad went up to the high paddocks to look for strays. I didn't get worried till it was about almost dark. Sirocco was there. Standing on the hill. He stayed with him. I should have gone looking earlier. (crickets chirping) (woman crying in distance) (dark instrumental music) (woman crying) - Hey, shh. Becky, it's me. It's Tess. What happened? What's the matter? Tell me, sweetheart, what's the matter? - They think that I just lay it on and I don't. I choose. - Shh, it's okay. - I choose. I can't do it. - I know this is a hard thing to do. I'll be with you, I promise. You won't have to go through it alone. The thing is, if he can rape once, he can do it again. Come on. (knocking) - Becky! - Well g'day, what can I do for you? - I wanna report a rape. - Oh, well you better get inside then. Would you like me to call the doctor? - What? Oh, no, it's not me, it's a friend. - Oh. I see. And does your friend have a name? - I can't say. - Alright. Well can you tell me the name of the perpetrator? - I'm sorry, I don't know. - Right. Right. - Look, I know what you must be thinking, but it did happen. She just can't go through with reporting it. - Not a lot I can do then. - Well can't you make some inquiries? - About what exactly? No culprit, no victim. - Sorry to have wasted your time. - If you could persuade your friend to come forward. - Yep. - Are you staying at the campsite? - Yeah. It's alright, I'll be fine, thanks. - Yeah, well when you're ready. (dark instrumental music) (men laughing) - See, that's all I remember. One steady. (cattle mooing) - [Claire] We can't force her to go to the police. - Yeah, but at least you can help me persuade her to say who it was. - Well it doesn't sound like she wants to. - She doesn't know what she wants. She needs counseling. - Tess, the nearest counselor is in Adelaide, and have you thought about just for a moment why she may not wanna press charges? - Yes, she's scared? - She screws around. - You think she asked for it, is that it? And that makes it alright, does it? - No, it doesn't make it alright, but think about it from Becky's point of view. All this man has to do is say that she was up for it. Then where does that leave her? She still has to live in this town. - I can't believe you won't help her. - Look, I'm sorry if Becky was raped, but if she won't tell the police, then there's nothing I can do about it. - You could tell she was heading for trouble last night. - That's not fair. - Shh. - Morning Meg. - G'day Brian. - What'll it be? - We'll have two cooked breakfasts. - And another cup of tea. - Another cup of tea, right. - The way a girl dances shouldn't matter. No means no. - That's right, absolutely. But we're talking about a girl who flashes her tits. - I'll make a bet with you. The day anyone in this town feels sorry for Becky Howard is the day I will bare my bum and walk into town. - Hi. - Hi. - How's your friend? Gather more information for me? - No. - Coffee? - Yeah, thanks. - Anything I can help you with? - No. - Thanks Brian. - Pleasure. Come on, look on the bright side. At least it's the last day of the rodeo. - Yeah, they'll probably all be drunk by lunchtime. (laughing) If you need me, that's where I'll be. - So, up from the city for five minutes and you're already in trouble with the law. (laughing) - Where's Becky? - Why? - I just wanna see her, that's all. Did she leave with anyone last night? - No. - Were there any punch-ups or anyone give her any trouble? - What's she been saying? - Nothing. (dark instrumental music) - You don't wanna believe everything Becky says. I mean, she's always making things up. - [Claire] It can't be. I know his wife. - So? That doesn't mean he couldn't do it. I know it, Claire, it's him. - Even if it is him, and I'm not saying that it is Brian, what do you want us to do about it? - Well I don't know. - It's none of our business, Tess. - Yeah, but that poor girl. - Just let Becky decide what to do. (horse whinnying) What's the matter, eh? - You care more about Jack's horse than you do about Becky. - Yeah, at the moment, Sirocco is important to me. If we win the next event, than just maybe people might start to believe that I can manage Drovers Run without Dad. You have no idea what it feels like trying to keep the place alive on your own. - And how must Becky be feeling? Can you imagine the state she's in? (upbeat country music) (car horn honking) - Morning. - Morning boys. Morning all! - [Jodi] Hi Becky. - Jodi. - Do you think she's alright? - What are you doing here? - I work here, remember? (dark instrumental music) (cans clunking) What's that? - Your wages. - I can wait till the end of the week. - You won't be here. We're overstaffed. - You're sacking me because you can't keep it in your pants. - Get out. (box thudding) You can tell anyone you like 'cause no one's gonna believe you. ("Don't Judge" by Rebecca Lavelle) - Morning. (men laughing) - Becky. Where you been? I've been looking for-- - Go away. - Hey look, what've you been doing? I'm sorry about last night, but I think we both know you owe me a beer. - Yeah, well here. Drink your heart out. - Jesus, where'd you get all of this. Are you charging 'em for it now? - Becky, are you alright? - Don't! (men laughing) (yelling) - [Announcer] Claire had one of the best scores from yesterday. Let's see if she can do it again today. Her father was last year's champion on the same horse. Can Claire on Sirocco make it two years in a row for the McLeods? - Good luck, Claire. - Jack'd be proud. - [Tess] Yep, he would. - [Announcer] Ladies and gentlemen, give a big hand for local girl, Claire McLeod on Sirocco. (horse whinnying) - Come on, mate, we're on. - [Jodi] Mom! Mom! Mom, it's Becky! You've gotta help her! They're all drunk and they punched Brick and there's no one there to stop them. Please, you've gotta help her, please! - [Announcer] What's the hold up? - Where is she? - Behind the tennis court. - [Announcer] Okay Claire, this is the second call. Third call, Claire, you are out. - Can I borrow your horse? (horse whinnying) - Just stay here. (suspenseful music) (men laughing) - Becky! Get away from her! Get out, get out! Get away! Go on, get out of here! Get away from her! - Get up, Becky. You're gonna have to hang on. I'm not a very good rider. (sentimental music) - Don't know what state the shearers have left it in. Hinges need a bit of an oil. Like I said, it's not much, but you're welcome to stay as long as you want. Come down to dinner whenever you want. - I'm not a charity case. I work for my bed and board. - And I'll pay ya, but it won't be much. - You would have won today, you know. (dark instrumental music) (crickets chirping) - Becky's gonna be staying with us for a while. She'll be working here. - Yes. - Is she alright? - She'll be right. Tough as nails, that girl. (quiet sentimental music) - What? - (gasping) Wow. - Don't even think about it. - Here you go. - You look great. - [Claire] Yeah. - Thanks, I'm gonna... - I thought you'd given up? - I'm down to less than one a day. - So she's staying here, then? - What was that bet you had? If anyone ever felt sorry for Becky Howard? - Yeah, well I was wrong there. - Oh you'll be ready to pay it off then. - Come on, Meg. - You're a man of your word, aren't ya? - You wouldn't really make a bloke do that, right? (upbeat country music) - Isn't it far enough? - Keep going. - Is that who I think it is? - Yeah. - Looks like Terry lost another bet. (laughing) (car horn honking) ("Hopeless Case" by Rebecca Lavelle) (thunder) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 