McLeod's Daughters: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 McLeod's Daughters 
 s1e6 - Reality Bites - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 McLeod's Daughters (2001–2009): Season 1, Episode 6 - Reality Bites - full transcript 
 Claire starts to gentle Blaze. Tess' espresso maker arrives but is not a hit with the Drovers Run women. Becki's mother wants her to come back home. Tess visits Killarney and is floored by its luxury, then appalled when everyone except her knows about the Drovers Run overdraft. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - [Announcer] Previously on McLeod's Daughters. - I'm not a charity case. I work for my bed and board. (chain whistling) (Becky shouting) Yeah! (Jodi shouting) - And Jodi is my daughter and I don't want her involved in any criminal activity. I mean it, Becky. I don't want her being influenced 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 by somebody who has no respect for anything or anyone. (upbeat music) ♪ Comin' down by comin' round ♪ - Shit, shit, shit. ♪ Keep on lookin' till it's found ♪ ♪ Got one chance ♪ - Sorry, so sorry, Becky. You won't believe I slept in. ♪ They're all wrong 'cause there are many ways ♪ - Oh. ♪ Got to want it ♪ ♪ Got to know ♪ ♪ And nothing's just as it seems ♪ - Need a hand? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - It doesn't take three. - There's some fly-bee-loan sheep need crashing. (laughs) Gocha. - It's okay, Tess, everything's under control. See ya. (upbeat music) (horse whinnying) - Isn't she beautiful? - Tess, I'm trying to break her in. - Sorry. Don't you just get on her and she bucks around until she stops? - No, you don't have to do it like that. - Well can I help? - No. This is, this is quite hard. Good girl, you're a beauty, aren't you? Just like your old man, eh? (upbeat music) ♪ It'll take some time to find your heart ♪ ♪ And come back home ♪ ♪ You could walk for miles ♪ ♪ Cross every river ♪ ♪ And find you're not alone ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'll be there ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Not alone ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'll be there ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ - [Woman On Radio] Finally when the cat died, I thought well, I'll put this to good use. She was always a good cat to me, so I dug her in around the base of the tree last season and wow I tell you what-- - At least the eggs are fresh. - Knock knock! - Marvelous kumquats! I must tell you I'm quite happy to reveal my secrets-- - Oh come in, please, you saved me from the cat story. - Well chuck us a tennis ball and I'll try keep them all up in the air at the same time. - Oh sorry. Here let me take it. Would you like a cup of tea? I was just about to make one. - Oh, love one. I can't stop though, busy day. - This woman was going on and on about her marmalade. She used her dead cat as fertilizer. - That'll be Isabelle Heart, she's a great lady. I never thought much about the cat, but I'd give my right arm for some of her preserves. I got a sister lives in this part of Melbourne. - Oh! Oh please, please, please, please, let it be. (playful music) Yes! - Very fancy. You know what they say, time's money. I'm afraid I'll have to be on my way. Oh you know, funny thing, old Socks was a marmalade tom. (playful music) - Real coffee, smell it. Got this at an auction, was a total bargain. Been keeping it at my friend Barney's place. - Getting in the way there, was it? - Who wants first cappuccino? - Yeah, I can froth the milk. - Alright, one cup of this and you're so never gonna want instant again. - The thing is we'll see. - Well I'll have a double macchiato. - Good, I'm glad to see your education wasn't entirely wasted. Let's hope that's just a fuse. - I'm getting back to work. - Me, too. - This is so not my day. - Didn't see you this morning. - Just wanted to make sure all the stock were watered before it got too late. - Fair enough. But you gotta remember to let someone know what you're up to. - I think it's just better to get the work done instead of wasting time talking about it. - [Claire] Gee, I thought I was the boss. (instrumental music) - The wiring here is from the Dark Ages! Oh hi, there's been a fuse or something but I'm gonna fix it. - Don't tell me, your hair dryer? - This place is stuffed, Claire, you cannot blame me. God it's like every morning you're out checking the fences, checking the troughs-- - We're checking them. - What about the house? It doesn't take care of itself either. The roof leaks, the plumbing sucks. If the electricity's that temperamental, we're lucky the place hasn't burnt down. If someone neglected one of your stupid cows the way you neglect this house, you would have a brain hemorrhage. - [Claire] I don't suppose you had anything to do with it. - What? - The house fusing out. Nothing at all to do with that stupid machine in the kitchen? - It's an espresso maker. I thought you'd like it! - Tess, I don't wanna hear it. And I'm not gonna take advice from you on how to run the place. - Fine. (intense guitar music) - Where are you going? - I wanna cappuccino. (intense guitar music) (car horn honking) Go on, move it. (car horn honking) Suit yourself. (tire spinning) (Tess laughing) Oh well this is your fault, great. (guitar music) Useless piece of crap! (cow mooing) Oh right, so now you leave. - I can tell she's one of Sir-rock-oh's. - Yeah she's a beauty. - Yeah doesn't like to be penned up. Becky's mom, great. - [Deb] Must get a bit drafty in here. - I like it. - But it isn't home is it? - It is now. - Beck. I want you to come back. - I just told you this is my home now. - I miss you. I remember when you were little and your dad'd do his block over something, and I'd be outside crying, and there you were bringing me out tissues. - Went through a lot of those. - I could always count on you. - Pity I can't say the same back. - I know I haven't been the best mom in the world, but you're my daughter. I miss you and I want you to come home. (guitar music) (music playing on car radio) - [Tess] Shit. - Where are you off to? - Town. - Picking up supplies, are you? - Getting a coffee. - Hey, this place is good. Jodi, can you bring me your old saddle? - You're not gonna try and ride her yet, are you? - No just wanna get her used to it first. - Mom wants me to go back home. She says she needs me. - Hey, but we need you, too. - This about this morning? - No, Mom asked me. I don't wanna leave you in a lurch. - Hey who else am I supposed to talk to? - Jodi. It's family. (somber music) (cow mooing) - I want you to know I'm quite capable of doing this by myself. - Sure you are. Okay then, try it again. Whoa, whoa, whoa! (Tess laughing) Alright. (Tess laughing) Oh, it's funny is it? Huh, huh? - Get away from me, don't you dare. - Come look at this. - Yeah right, like I'm getting out. - No, you've done your axle. Come have a look. - Now that's all I need. (Alex laughing) - Alex! (upbeat guitar music) - You sure that's not cow dung? (Alex laughing) (cow mooing) (upbeat music) ♪ Got to want it ♪ ♪ Got to know ♪ ♪ And nothing's just as it seems ♪ ♪ It's not easy ♪ ♪ It's a long, long road to find your dream ♪ - My God, I'm in a Jane Austen novel. (Tess and Alex laughing) - Hey, welcome, welcome. - Hi, how are you, Harry? - [Harry] All the better for seeing you, Tess. - [Liz] Tess, you're Claire's sister. - Sorry, Mom, Tess Silverman, this is my mom, Liz. - Hi. I didn't know places like this existed anymore. I think I might have to use the servants' entrance. - Yes I've been hearing a lot about you. But I was under the impression you were only here on a short stay? - Really depends how long Claire and I can go without killing each other. - Yeah I can imagine that. - So where's this spa bath you've been telling me about, Alex? - Oh, right-oh, this way. - Oh my God. I knew living in the country couldn't be all bad. This is the shampoo I use and conditioner! I've died and gone to heaven! - If you'd like to leave your dirty clothes outside the door, I'll take care of them for you. - Thank you. Woo-hoo! (somber music) - [Deb] Your brother really went to town when you left. - Yeah. And he's taken the top bunk, too. - So you just kick him out. It's good to have you back, love. (knocking on door) - [Alex] You need a hand in there with anything? - Dream on, Alex. - [Alex] Right-oh. (guitar music) (knocking on door) - Alex! You know when you knock on a door, you should really wait at least half a second to see if someone answers it. Are you gonna get out or what? - Sorry. - Oh my God. - What're you smirking about? - Nothing. (knocking on door) - Just get a life already. - [Liz] The one I have suits me just fine. - I'm sorry, I thought you were one of the boys again. - Right. Oh I brought you something clean to put on. You can keep that. I was gonna give it to the Good Samaritans anyway. - Thanks, that's very kind. Yuck. You did say you were giving it away. What's this? - [Nick] It's a program I've been using to keep track of stock. - Does it check the fences for you? (phone ringing) - Yeah, hello, Harry Ryan. Yes I do. - How come you get reception? - Satellite. - I can't believe she just took off like that. I mean, we don't even know where she is. - She just rang before, she's staying for tea at the Ryan's. - Ah, right. - I can't believe you've actually got video monitors to check whether or not your animals have got enough to drink. - There you are. - Hey, Mom. Dad. Well you know if we had the same thing for humans, it'd be a really happy day. What can I get you? - No, let me. I can put my education to some use. Degree in hospitality, I make a killer cocktail. - Next you'll be telling us you got a PhD in hors d'oeuvres. - Can I offer anyone a martini, cosmopolitan, Long Island iced tea? How 'bout a screaming orgasm? - Well thanks, love, but I think maybe we should all have a drink first. (laughing) - Good grief she's like a virus. - Mrs. Ryan, how about a daiquiri? Apricots I love, chicken, well apart from the whole issue with the hormones, chicken is great, too. What I wanna know is who thought up the idea to put them together? No thank you. - So we can assume it's not one of your favorites? You do seem to be quite passionate on the subject. - Look I've got nothing against Meg, it's just that three times a week you can get a bit sick of it. - Oh, in that case I should probably just pop back into the kitchen and make you something else. - Oh there's no need for that, really, I'd eat anything. - Actually we're having lamb. - You should've seen the look on your face. (laughing) - Can't believe how nice it is to have some peace for a change. The way Tess goes on she wastes more oxygen than she does water. - Well at least oxygen's free. There's nothing else you need? - You're not eating? - Well Jodi's a bit upset about Becky. Personally, I think it's a good thing, but you can't tell Jodi that. So we're gonna make some popcorn, watch a movie. You can join us if you want. - Oh no, I'm exhausted. Early night for me. - Alright then, enjoy. - Well don't you think it'd be smarter to get an electrician in and totally rewire the house rather than do a patch up? - It's a big house, that'd be a costly job. - Look I know it won't be cheap-- - Still I suppose when you've got a huge overdraft, then adding more just, well it just becomes academic. - Well you know, who doesn't have an overdraft in the country? It sounds like a lot of trouble to go to for a cup of coffee, love. Might be cheaper just to kick the habit. (everyone chuckling) - So your mother obviously thinks we've got a massive overdraft. Exactly how massive are we talking about? - I don't know, but if you were prepared to be bored rigid by my brother, he'll tell you if you're not in debt, you're not using your money wisely. - I'll remember that the next time I buy a pair of shoes I don't need. Whoa! What was that? - A 'roo. - My jeans have been ironed and starched. - Now that's mom for you. Put her in the laundry, she goes crazy. She even irons undies. - She really needs to get out more. (gentle piano music) ♪ Maybe I was wrong ♪ ♪ Maybe I'm to blame ♪ ♪ I thought I'd see you ♪ ♪ It'd be the same ♪ ♪ When I look at you ♪ ♪ Dunno who I see ♪ ♪ Is it someone new or just a memory ♪ ♪ Days drift by ♪ ♪ Sometimes I cry ♪ ♪ I never really understood ♪ ♪ I always thought that you'd be there ♪ ♪ Was I crazy ♪ ♪ Crazy ♪ ♪ Sometimes it's so unfair ♪ ♪ Don't know where I am ♪ ♪ Don't know where is home ♪ ♪ Don't know much at all ♪ ♪ But it ain't much fun alone ♪ - So-- - So, wait-- - Thanks for all your help today. - Yeah, no worries. Hope we're gonna see a lot more of you over at our place. - Yeah your mother'll love that. - Yeah she will. Mom never gets a chance for girly company. - Alex, she hates me. - Get out of here, why would she hate you? - I dunno. Maybe she thinks I'm gonna take advantage of you or something. - God. I hope she's right. - If we do this, that'll make her right and I'm not quite sure I want her to win. - Tess. - Yeah? - Right now I don't wanna be thinking about my mother. So you gonna ask me in? - Love to, but I told you, coffee machine's broken. - I don't drink coffee. - Then you won't have any trouble getting to sleep, will you? Night, Alex. (gentle music) - Night, Alex. - [Becky] Two loads of scrambled eggs for table two and two more coffees for table three. See Dad's arms and legs are still hanging on. - He's waiting on breakfast, too. - [Becky] When does Mike start? I thought he'd be here by now. - [Deb] Mike left. - When? - Couple of days ago. - Oh, can you look after him? Some time today would be good. (horse whinnying) - You could've told me about the overdraft. Liz Ryan threw it in my face over dinner. If I had known about it, I might've had a halfway decent comeback. - You talked about the overdraft? - Yeah, apparently everyone but me knows. - Oh God I don't believe it. You discussed our financial state over a dinner table? Trust two whiskeys and he's bloody telling half the world-- - Alright so you don't actually think it's a big deal we're in debt up to our eyeballs, you only care that other people know about it. - Good girl. - I wanna go through the books. See what else is going on with this place. - Knock yourself out, they're in the study. It's alright, good girl. - Claire's 25th had a beaut Chinese feed. Overdraft payment made on the 13th. Tess would be 18 today, hope she's happy. (somber music) - Sorted out all our problems, have you? No need to get that worked up about it. - I thought when we left that was it. I thought he just totally wiped me and mom. Every year until I was 10 he sent me a card. Birthday and Christmas. I can't believe my mom sent all these back. If I'd just known. Did Jack ever say anything? - What? - About the cards when they came back, was he upset? - Never even knew he sent them. I better get back to work. - "My darling daughter, Tess. "Even though I can't be with you today "on your sixth birthday, I want you to know "that I love you very much." He loved me, Claire. (somber music) Claire? Do you remember this? You were three and Jack was really worried about you. You weren't eating anything. He thought you were really sick. Well so cute, listen, "Today the mystery's solved. "Heading back to work after breakfast, "Claire stopped me crying her eyes out. "She said she knows all the baby lambs "and cows have to be sent away, "but could she please keep her baby sister." You thought they were gonna sell me. - Knew it was a waste of time. Wouldn't have got a good price for you. - Alright, so you do remember. What're you doing? - Packing up Dad's clothes. There's plenty of stuff other people can use. - This is nice. Can I have it? - Sure, why not. - [Tess] Sorry. - I don't see why I can't come. - Because you have to clean out the troughs. - Oh goody. - You ready? - Let's go. (car engine starting) Tess found some cards from Dad. Birthdays, Christmas. Did you know he sent them? - Yeah. He worshiped the ground you walked on, you know. - Can you do those? Dish washer's on the blink. - Sure and hand me the broom, I can stick it up my ass and sweep the floor at the same time. - Don't get smart, Becks. - Or what? Fire me? Pretty suss how Mike takes off and suddenly you realize how much you miss me. - Don't worry, I'll do it. Wouldn't want you to strain yourself. - Hi, Alex. - Good'ay, is Tess around? - Inside. - Right-oh, thank you. - Meg inside, too, or is she working in the yard? - No she's gone to town. Why? - No reason, just thought I'd say hello, that's all. - Hello, Tess? (knocking on door) Brought your car back. - Thanks. - It's too nice a day to be doing paperwork. - Does your mother ever lie to you? - You like bringing her into it, don't you? - I thought we had this totally honest relationship. And I know she probably thought what she was doing was for my own good, which is ironic considering she was a counselor and she should've known so much better, I just wish I could ask her about it. And I think like maybe that's the real reason I'm upset is because I'm never gonna see her again. I'm never gonna be able to ask her about anything. - Look, you sound real busy, okay? So maybe I might just leave you to it. - But it's the same with Jack. I'm never gonna be able to tell him I wish I had got the cards from him. - Keys are in the V Dub, okay? - Becks, counter. - I finished. I can't believe I was so dumb to fall for it. - I don't remember telling you we'd won the lottery. I never said you didn't have to work anymore. - No you just gave me some garbage about how much you really missed me. - Do you think it's different anywhere else? Do you think Claire McLeod isn't using you? Do you think that Ms. McLeod isn't taking you for a ride? I bet she's got you doing all the shit jobs on Drovers Ranch. - Shut up! - This is what counts right here. I'm the one that raised you, looked after you. - Yeah, thanks Mom, you're a great role model and I just love being part of Gungellan's premiere family. (dramatic music) - Yes, gentlemen? - Becky about? - Why? - Just wanted to say hello. - You might fool Becky, but you don't fool me. Never gave us the time of day 'till the blokes walked out on you. She won't last long, little bludger. - Guess that depends on who's she's working for. - Stuck up bitch. (upbeat music) ♪ Don't judge everything that you see ♪ ♪ Don't judge ♪ - She tried to talk to me, I was just too caught up with Blaze to notice. - Why don't you whip yourself a bit more? Maybe you're responsible for her dropping out of school, too. Oh, Claire. - [Claire] Yep, already see her. ♪ I'm finding my way ♪ ♪ I'm finding my way ♪ ♪ I can do it alone ♪ ♪ I'm finding my way ♪ ♪ I'm finding my way ♪ ♪ But there's so much, so much more to say ♪ - Do you want a lift? - Yeah I'm down a hand. Some bludger walked out on me this morning. ♪ I feel the feeling is raw ♪ ♪ I feel I'm lonely once more ♪ ♪ I trust that I can survive ♪ Just leave it. - Unreal! - Just give her some time to herself. ♪ I can do it alone ♪ ♪ I'm finding my way ♪ ♪ I'm finding my way ♪ ♪ But there's so much so much more to say ♪ (knocking on door) - Thanks. So here's the thing, yesterday morning when I said you had to let someone know what you're up to, there's a reason for that. It's a big place and if you get pelted off a horse or something, I don't wanna waste a whole day looking for you. - Fair enough. - Takes five minutes to let someone know where you are and what you're gonna be doing. Its got nothing to do with me checking up on you. You made the place look good. Now that looks familiar. - Can I come in now? Is the secret meeting over? (upbeat music) - Good girl. Good girl. - Unbelievable. Yesterday she was wild. - Yesterday she thought I was the enemy. - So anyway I've made a decision. I'm moving in. - But you're already in. - On a more permanent basis. I've already arranged for the rest of my stuff to be brought down. - Another cappuccino machine perhaps? - Half this place is mine which means half the debt's mine, so I'm gonna stay here for another six months, help get the overdraft paid down. - We're saved, hallelujah. - I've found the best website. Tells you how to be a jella-roo. - In one easy lesson? - Yeah. I'm telling you, that Liz is an Academy Award winning bitch. - [Claire] Oh she's alright. - [Tess] No way, when was the last time you were over there? - I dunno, Alex's 21st? - Claire that was like how many years ago? - Not that long ago. - Well don't you ever pop over? - No, why would I do that? - I get it. This is one of those country things, isn't it? No one does the pop over. Am I right? - It's not high on the list of priorities. - Just so you know, tomorrow I'll probably get up at 5:30, have a shower, maybe a cup of coffee. 6:30 to eight I'll be moving the sheep down into the south paddock, followed by breakfast. Then checking fences and yard work should keep me busy utill about 4:30. Which time I thought I might take a pee. (Jodi laughing) (Meg shushing) If that's alright with you. - Actually 4:35 would suit me better. - Did I tell you about spa bath? - Yes! - Still can't believe you haven't been there for that long. We should drop over there more often. If for nothing else, it's totally worth it to see the guys falling over themselves to get your attention. Okay, here we go. Everybody ready? - Ready. - Ready. - [Claire] Can we get on with it? - Righty-oh, okay Meg, hit it. - Lights, off. - Jodi? - Radio, off. - Becky. - Yep, fridge off. - Okay. (cappuccino machine whirring) Yes! (playful music) Okay. - I'll put the kettle on, eh? (upbeat music) ♪ Don't judge don't believe what you see ♪ ♪ Don't judge there's so much more to me ♪ ♪ Inside it's hard to be clear ♪ ♪ Inside yeah I feel the fear ♪ ♪ I'm finding my way ♪ ♪ I'm finding my way ♪ ♪ I can do it alone ♪ ♪ I'm finding my way ♪ ♪ I'm finding my way ♪ ♪ But there's so much ♪ ♪ So much more to say ♪ ♪ I'm finding my way ♪ (lighting cracking) (thunder rumbling) (electronic music) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 