McLeod's Daughters: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 McLeod's Daughters 
 s1e2 - Ducks on the Pond - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 McLeod's Daughters (2001–2009): Season 1, Episode 2 - Ducks on the Pond - full transcript 
 Tess tries to realize some cash from Drovers Run without hurting Claire. One of the shearers Claire hired disappears; did he leave because his wife was in labor, or was he murdered? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - [Announcer] Previously, on McLeod's Daughters. (melancholy music) - It's me, Tess. - What a surprise. Oh, you're the spitting image of your mom. - Oh, don't hold that against me. - Where is Ruth? - Um, she died. - You left us, you and Ruth. Dad and I worked this place for 20 years, and not one word from you. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 (melancholy music) - Actually, Claire was just wondering if you'd like to stay the night. - Yep, I'd love to. - Ian's been stealing fuel. - I don't think it was just Ian. I saw them filling the drums last night. It was all of them. I didn't know what it meant. - Pack up your things and get off the property. - Excuse me? - You're fired, the lot of you. - So, all this is yours. - It's ours, I suppose. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (uptempo music) (hooves clomping) (melancholy music) (rooster crowing) (alarm beeping) - [Tess] Ooh. Sorry. - There's no damage done. (melancholy music) - [Claire] Good day, Marty. - [Marty] Hi, Claire, how's it going? - [Claire] Not bad. - Where's Jack? Still got his lazy ass in bed? - [Claire] Been away, Marty. Jack died, heart attack. - Oh right. I'm sorry. Must've been a bit of a shock. - Yeah. - Well, who's in charge of the place now? - That would be me. - For real? You know, good on ya for having a bash. - We're expecting four workers, not three. - Luke's on his way. - Great, well, dump your stuff, and we'll have something to eat. - [Tess] Are these guys the shearers? - [Claire] Yep. - [Tess] I've met more men here in three days than a month in the city. Is it always so busy? - Got a forward contract with a delivery due in 48 hours. For that I need extra hands. - Well, I'll help too. Can I help? I know hooves about wool. - Like what? - Don't put it in the dryer. (giggling) I'm serious, Claire, what can I do? - Getting dressed might be a start. (melancholy music) (mellow music) ♪ It'll take some time ♪ ♪ To find your heart ♪ ♪ And come back home ♪ ♪ You could walk for miles ♪ ♪ Cross every river ♪ ♪ And find you're not alone ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'll be there ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh ♪ ♪ No, no ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'll be there ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ - [Vernon] Hey, can I give you a hand with that? - Oh, thank you. I'm Meg, chief cook. - Vernon, and by geez, you've got a way with porridge, Meg. - You wouldn't have any muesli instead of the gruel, would you? I'm not a breakfast person, anyway. (uptempo rock music) (chuckling) - I take it this is Luke? - Oh look, he's brought a friend. - [Jodi] Hi, Becky. (whistling) - I hear you got some shearing to do? - You two had a conversation, did you? - If you need a roustie, I'm available. - Yeah, I could do with some extra help. - So, what happened to the pub and the supermarket? You quit there, did you? - Days off, that's all. Like to spread myself around. - Grab yourself some brekkie. - Yeah. Shove over, boys. - Yeah, shove over. - $1.80 a head. That's the base rate Jack and you negotiated. - Yeah, sweet. You know, I still can't believe it about Jack. Big shoes to fill. - Lucky for me I'm nine and a half. - Grabbed the mail on the way in. Paper bills. - [Claire] Great. - That one's for you. Friends track you down already, huh? - Solicitors always know where to find you. (melancholy music) (gasping) - Wool press is in the shed. (chuckling) - Good on ya. Listen, Jodi's... She's just outside. - Oh. School holidays getting longer, or what? So, you still got a job, then? - Maybe not for long. A letter just arrived from Tess's lawyer. - Mm, she wants to sell, then? - Well, nobody said anything to me, but-- - [Terry] Uh huh. - This stays between us, okay? - Oh, okay. - Hi, Terry. - Hello, kiddo. How you goin' word? - Ah, Vernon wants to know if there are any more of your great snacks. - Vernon? Is he with Marty O'Rourke's team now, huh? - Oh, do you know Vernon? - Yeah, I've heard of him. He hasn't been out of the clink for long. - What did he do? - He bashed the living daylights out of a roustie. He's got a temper and a half on him. - Are you sure we're talking about the same bloke? - Go ask his wife and kids, 'cept they've disappeared off the face of the earth. - Wow. - Get him in. Rumor is, she was having an affair with another bloke. - Oh great, if he killed his wife, he must be single. - Mom! - [Becky] A murderer, don't say? - He killed his whole family. He cut 'em up into little pieces and then he got rid of them. - Gee, and I thought my family was screwed up. - [Claire] 'Bout five minutes and we'll get started? - [Marty] You're the boss. - [Claire] Roy. - Claire. My solicitor, look, it's no big problem now, but when you've got a moment-- - Shout it a bit louder, Tess. Look, they already think I'm not up to running the place. Really give 'em the idea that we've got problems here. - How would they know what I was talking about? - Can we just deal with this after I've delivered on the contract? Roy! (uptempo music) (sheep bleating) Here, Roy! Roy. Up, Roy. (dog barking) (uptempo music) - [Tess] Over! (laughing) - [Claire] Come here, Roy. Get over. ♪ All right give me room to move ♪ ♪ Give me room to move ♪ ♪ Give me room to breathe ♪ Run up! Run up, boys. Run, boys. ♪ All right give me room to move ♪ - [Tess] Move it! ♪ Give me room to move ♪ ♪ Give me room to breathe ♪ ♪ Come on watching every move ♪ ♪ Watching every move ♪ ♪ Do you know ♪ ♪ That I'm on your side ♪ ♪ Do you know ♪ ♪ I'm not just here for the ride ♪ - Do you want some water for your wet patch? - Yeah, it's hot. (sheep bleating) (mumbling) - I pull this left-handed stand all the time. - Ah, get over it. (sheep bleating) - Found it. (sheep bleating) - Very colorful. - Bit of a clay. Got some look on. - And that would mean? - Women in the shearing shed. We might be easily offended. - They'll be opening doors for us, next. (whistling) - [Jodi] Hi guys. - Nice outfit. Where's the rest of it? - Mom, it is going to be stinking hot in here and if I have to work on my holidays, at least I don't have to die from the heat. - I swear, huh? I've done my shoulder. Do you give us a hand gettin' the sheep in? You manage that? - Yeah, shouldn't be too hard. (buzzing) ♪ Come on let me know ♪ ♪ Come on let me know ♪ (mumbling) - [Becky] You gotta charm his boss. - [Tess] Switch him around? - [Becky] Do whatever it takes. (uptempo music) - Come on, love. Quicker if I did it myself. - Well, I'm scared of hurting them. ♪ Come here watching every move ♪ ♪ Watching every move I make ♪ ♪ Do you know ♪ ♪ That I'm on your side ♪ (whistling) ♪ And do you know ♪ ♪ That I've got my pride ♪ - I can't believe how disgustingly oily this stuff is. When I get my wheels, there's no way I'm having sheepskin covers. - Gee, that'll break the back of the wool industry. ♪ And do you know ♪ ♪ That they're on your side ♪ ♪ And do you know ♪ ♪ I'm not just here for the ride ♪ ♪ Come on watching every move ♪ - [Becky] Like this. ♪ Watching every move ♪ Hon. ♪ Watching every move ♪ ♪ I'll make you come on ♪ ♪ Give me room to move ♪ ♪ Give me room to move ♪ - Oh. - Sheep out. - More sheep, come on. (sheep bleating) (hissing) - This is so Aussie. Sheeps, dog shit full of shearers. - Ex-con and a murderer, now that's Aussie. - Shh. Murderer? - [Becky] Yeah, haven't you heard? (hissing) (yelling) (hissing) (tense music) (buzzing) - Did you hear how he did it? Was it strangulation? - An ax, I think. - Oh my God. Oh my God. (uptempo music) - What's happened to my wet patch? - Do I wanna know? - You sweep it up? - What? - She swept it up. - Oh, you gotta be joking. - Oh, keep your hair on. I'll get you another one. - I didn't touch anyone's wet patch. - The wool was giving me a rash, okay? (uptempo music) (chattering) - Oh geez, I'm glad that's over. - Thank you, cheers. Cheers. - Good day's work. - Not bad. I still got a bit of work to do around the yard. - Marty? Can I borrow the ute? - All yours, mate. (mumbling) - They're not staying here tonight, are they? - Oh no, no. Booked them in the Hilton up the road. - Well, you've heard about Vernon? - Yeah, I know. He's been in jail. - And worse. You don't have a problem with this? - I've got to get a job done, he's doing good work, end of story. More money in the bank. I'm sure that's all your solicitor cares about. - Well, money's a part of it. - So, what was in the letter, Tess? You must be making plans. - You know what lawyers are like. It's really just a pageful of big words. - Which are all to do with your plans. - I haven't made any decisions, yet. (melancholy music) I have to climb a tree to get the mobile working, so if you've left messages, I haven't been able to retrieve them. Yeah, I know. I'm feeling pretty cut off. She knows I've got your letter, but um, I haven't talked to her about it. I'm feeling pretty guilty. Do you know what sort of price we're looking at? Really? That sounds pretty reasonable. Now, that's still pushing for an early settlement? (melancholy music) - Do you have to be mad to kill your whole family, or just pushed too far? - [Meg] Maybe they didn't help with the dishes. - Well, Tess. What would you do if you caught your lover in bed with your best friend? Would you want to kill him? - No, I'd deal with it in a rational, adult way. Then I'd clean the toilet with his toothbrush. (laughing) - What if someone was threatening your home? - Well, you can't take someone's life just 'cause they break in to steal your TV. - What if they wanted to take something irreplaceable? - Still no reason to. - Well, what would you do, Claire? - Rifle's not in the house for decoration. Got bookwork to do. - Okay, can you take that bone out to the dogs? - [Jodi] In the dark? - Oh, come on. (creaking) (crickets chirping) - [Vernon] Hey, you know bugger all about it, so stop your mouth flapping. - [Jason] I wouldn't be pushing my weight around if I was you, mate. All I have to do is talk to Marty and you're out of here. - Don't threaten me. - [Jason] Don't give me a reason to. - Hey. - [Jason] Don't lay a hand on me, mate. - I'm tellin' ya, you won't see it comin'. (tense music) (crackling) - What are you doing? - Look, I know it's a badge of honor to say you leave it unlocked, but considering we may have a psychopath on the loose... I heard Vernon and Jason having a fight. It sounded pretty full on. - They're shearers. They get pissed, they blew with each other, means nothing. Have you had sex today? - Excuse me? - Well, if you haven't, you're safe. You know how it works in the movies. The killer only gets ya-- (gasping) if you just had sex. - My mind is now at rest. (mellow jazzy music) - Hey. Are the rumors we're hearing true? - I thought I'd just proven that. - Not you, Vernon. - Yeah, so they reckon. (animal howling) - Can you hear that? (tense music) (clattering) (tense music) - I'll have one, too. (gasping) - Geez, you scared me. Do you always sneak around like that? - Thought I heard some rats. - Some rats, all right, if you need a rifle to chase 'em. - Put some brandy in that, too, will ya? - Glad I'm not the only jumpy one around here. I talked to my solicitor before. - Really? - When you asked me what I wanted to do, well, I do have some thoughts. I mean, you've always known what you've wanted to do with your life and for a long time I guess I've had some ideas, too. But if I'm gonna make my stuff happen, then I'm gonna need some money, not backards. - What sort of plans? - You know, like everyone has. - An overseas trip, some new clothes, a car? - No. - Because this is my home you're talking about. - Claire, I couldn't sell the place out from under you. - No, so what could you do? - I need some money, and the way I see it, there's acres and acres of property here. - Tess, don't say it. - Just a bit. How could it hurt to sell off just a bit? (melancholy music) (thudding) What happened? Who's dead? - No one. - Good. - Come on. There's something I want you to see. - Oh, go away, Claire. - [Claire] Come on. - [Tess] Hey Claire, wait up. (mellow music) ♪ Common ground ♪ - [Claire] This is where I learned to swim. It's also where I had my first kiss. - [Tess] Who was it? Claire? ♪ Got one chance ♪ ♪ That's what they say ♪ ♪ They're all wrong, 'cause there are many ways ♪ ♪ Got to want it ♪ ♪ Got to know ♪ ♪ And nothing's just as it seems ♪ ♪ It's not easy ♪ - [Claire] What does it look like to you? - [Tess] I don't know. It's a shed. - It was built by my grandfather's grandfather from stones he cleared from the first paddock that drove the ground. - Okay, it's an old shed. - This was where Jack died. ♪ Nothing's certain ♪ ♪ Not so tough ♪ ♪ Nothing easy ♪ ♪ Yet it's rough ♪ ♪ Walked towards it ♪ ♪ Or let it go ♪ ♪ Speak the words ♪ ♪ The words you know ♪ ♪ Got to want it ♪ ♪ Got to know ♪ ♪ And nothing's just as it seems ♪ It's nothing fancy. He wouldn't have wanted that. That's my mother. - [Tess] Who's that? - That's Adam. He was still born. - Your little brother. I didn't know about that. - He died along with my mom. Your half-brother. - You know a great line in guilt trips, you know that? - You say you only wanna sell off a bit of the place, Tess. Which bit do you wanna sacrifice? Here? Your father's here, both my parents. You wanna sell my creek? What about the old stone hut? Maybe we could afford to lose that. ♪ Got to want it ♪ ♪ Got to know ♪ ♪ And nothing's just as it seems ♪ ♪ It's a long, long road to find your dream ♪ You all right, mate? - Yeah, it's just a knick. Nothing to worry about. - Right oh. (tense music) - [Jodi] You know, Mom, if this place sells, I reckon you should move back to the city. Become a hairdresser again. - Yeah, I could come 'round and do your washing for you because you're not gonna have time with your course and your social life and if I'm close, I could bring around a few dinners for you each week. - Oh, see? It'll be excellent! - Yeah, I could peel your grapes for you, I could be your own personal slave while you and your mates live the high life. I don't think so, Jodi. I'm sure there's something out here I can do that's less stressful for both of us. Oh, thank you. Oh no, look. You've hurt your hand, dear. - Ah, it's nothing. I killed a rabbit, cut my hand while I was skinnin' him. - Oh, well I can put a proper bandage on that for you, if you like. - He's done a runner on us. - He's not taken off with that Guinea's money, is he? - Jason's taken off? - Disappeared into thin air. - Jason's wife's gone into labor. Jason got a call last night and he took off straight away. - What, without tellin' anyone? - Well, he told me. - Well, phone in the house didn't ring. How could he get a call? - He's got a pager. - [Meg] Come on. Let's get that bandage. - Jason's not married. - He's probably laying face down in a ditch somewhere. - Oh, there's another part of the property we can't sell. (uptempo music) (buzzing) - Roustie! Roustie. - The poor thing. - Never get through 'em today. Worker down like this. - I've got a forward contract, Marty. I deliver tomorrow. - We're going as fast as we can. You really want the men to haul ass, they'll need some incentive. - I'm not upping the price. You guys can just pull your finger out. I can shear faster than you lot. - You reckon? - Yeah, I do. - Well, show us then. You wanna have a cut at each other, you can jump in anytime. - Glad to. Let's see who can shear the most by 11:30. - Settin' yourself up for a fall, Claire. - Well, if that's what it takes to get your ass into gear. - I'll tell you what. When I win, you pay me and the boys an extra 20 cents per shave. - And when you lose, you and the boys will be staying here, under lights, until the job gets done for the contracted price. - [Marty] Done. - Done. (uptempo music) (buzzing) (sheep bleating) - Reckon I've got time for a smoke. (uptempo music) (buzzing) (sheep bleating) - Come on, Marty. (uptempo music) (buzzing) (sheep bleating) - Come on, Marty. You're shearin' like a dag! (uptempo music) - [Becky] Whoo! Come on, Claire! - Go, Claire! (excited cheering) (whooping) (clapping) - Time, time! (whooping) (clapping) (mellow music) - [Tess] Well done. (water rushing) - [Marty] You had me worried for a second there. (chuckling) - Oh, almost. - [Marty] We make good team. - Well, if that's a job you're offering, I got my hands full here. - Well, they don't have to be. You could hire me. Station Manager. - I'm not in a position to do that. - I know this place, Claire. You know me, been coming here for years. (sheep bleating) - Oh, thanks for the offer, Marty, but... - Look, you've done a good job struggling through. But I reckon if Jack knew you had a chance to make a go of it, he'd want you to grab it. - And you're my chance? - Oh, like I said, we make good team. Hey. Do you remember Danny Stubbs' 21st? The one down by the river. (chuckling) - I'm not 17 anymore, Marty. Not that you got anywhere that night. - You'll never keep this place going by yourself. You do the numbers. You're spread thin as jam. - Challenge is good for you, Marty. Makes you try harder. You just had to double your count to beat me. So much for going as fast as we can. If you can keep it up, we'll have the shearing finished by sunset. (mellow music) Who said it was time for smoke out? - [Meg] Thought their (mumbling) overdue. (sheep bleating) - [Becky] You can't just leave. - Sorry, if it were up to me, Becks. - [Claire] Okay, so you've had your dummy spit. Can we get back to work now? - [Marty] I offered to help, Claire. You wanna do it by yourself, fine. Do it by yourself. Got everything? Let's get going. - Just forget about your ego for five seconds. We've got a contract. - Sue me if you like. I'll invoice you for the work we've done. Luke, I'll see you there. - Marty's the boss. - You're a wimp. (mellow music) - Not going with your boyfriend? - When I take a job, I stick around 'til it's finished. - On the bright side, we don't have to worry about the serial killer anymore. - Right now, I'd hire Jack the Ripper if he could get the clip done for us by tomorrow. - You okay? - I've just tried to call a shearer who's been dead for five years. - Oh, I don't wanna do that. - I'm never gonna get anyone on zero notice. Have to shear every sheep... Is this yours? - Yeah. It's a cafe. Mom and I used to go there a lot. It's not far from where we lived. - Right, and you just carry it around in your wallet like a baby photo? - I'm thinking I might buy it. - This is your plan? - Look, I know what you're gonna say. How do years of history in this place compare with cappuccino and cheesecake? Well, maybe they don't, but, it's what I've always wanted to do. It's why I went to college. It's what Mom and I talked about before she died. - I like cheesecake. - But not the frozen kind. - I just don't get why you'd go out for it. But then, you know, get wire, check the fences every day. - What's gonna change about them? Did they do a song and dance routine or something? - Tess, I've got to get this shearing done by first thing tomorrow morning. I need the guaranteed cash. You've got your plans and I've got mine. We won't even get to argue about it if I don't deliver the wool. (mellow music) (buzzing) - So, we can do this the easy way, or not.. (sheep bleating) You so remind me of a girl I went to school with. - That's it, you gotta show 'em who's boss. (mellow music) (thunder booming) - Grab the sheep! (hissing) Go on, get up there! (whooping) (ululating) In you go! (thunder booming) Not too bad. Okay, pen 'em loose, open the vents and we'll shear 'em last. - [Meg] Okay. - Well, could we towel dry them? (rain pattering) (thunder booming) (buzzing) (sheep bleating) - They really stink. - It's not the sheep, it's me. - I'm gonna head down to the house, fix us something to eat. (mumbling) (thunder booming) What? Vernon. Did you forget something? - It wrong of Marty to leave you in the lurch the way he did. But don't worry about it. I've sorted him out. (tense music) (buzzing) - What did he mean, he sorted Marty out? - I don't know, but I wish I'd been there to watch. - Well, we'll all be murdered in our beds. - None of us are going anywhere near our beds tonight. (mellow music) (buzzing) - [Claire] Whoo hoo! (cheering) (excited chattering) - Hey. What's going on? - I'm proposing a toast to Vernon. - Oh yeah, thank God someone sticks to their word. To Vernon. - [All] To Vernon. - Look, there's something you should know. - Like what? - Old Jason's not having a baby. - So why the midnight run? - We argued and he left, that's all. And look, I'm sorry I wasn't straight with ya. - I've gotta dash. I'm gonna grab a lift with the mail truck. It was fun. - [Claire] Come on, I'll pay ya. - [Becky] See ya later gins. - Bye. - Sausages. - About Jason, he's not lying face down in a ditch somewhere, is he? - Bottom of a water hole, weighed down. Karen and the kids are there, too. You heard worse? - No, that about sums up the rumors. - Look, Jason'll be in a bar somewhere shootin' his mouth off, and my family are in Queensland last I heard. - [Tess] That must be hard. - Yeah, I haven't heard from my kids in seven months. - Well, your wife can't do that even if you've split up forever. You've got rights. - Yeah well, it's just easier this way. - The things people say about you. Why do you put up with it? - Well, you don't know the whole story. There's worse things in life than being taken for a mass murderer. - There are? - Well, there are around here. Ask Jason, he's probably tellin' everyone right now. And the truth, you know, the truth's always been nothin' but trouble for me. (melancholy music) I couldn't lie to Karen anymore. Sooner or later, you gotta be honest with your wife. - So, you're a bigamist, is that it? - I'm a horse's hoof. Poof, gay, light on me feet, you know? - Oh, right. - Yeah well, you're from the city. It's different. - Well, why don't you go there if it's so hard here? - Well, this is my home. - But Jason, he'll talk. - Yeah well, I don't wanna go. (melancholy music) - The ax murderer is gay? - No murders. His wife freaked, as you would, and now the secret's out. - He looks so manly. - Why he isn't up front about it, it's sad, really. - Do you know what's really sad? He's the first bloke Mom's looked at in years and he's gay! (mellow music) - You see, the thing is, we haven't actually agreed on anything yet, so, I'm not gonna be ready in time for the auction. Well, not this one, anyway. It's fate. Maybe the place has really bad rising damp or something. No way, it's my dream. I'm not giving up. I'll just find another cafe, when the timing's better. I don't know. I think I'm gonna stay here a bit longer, see if me and Claire can work something out. (mellow music) - [Claire] Oh, this isn't happening. No way. - No more trouble, please. - Oh, this is so stupid. You can't tell anyone. Close the door. - [Tess] What happened? - [Claire] The contract. - Oh, God, what about it? - I've stuffed up the dates. - We're too late. - No. We're too early. It's next week I'm meant to deliver. - We had a whole extra week? You flogged us all... - I did. - [Tess] For no reason? - Yes. (mellow music) You can't tell anyone, Tess. They're gonna think I'm the biggest idiot. - You make mistakes. - Our secret, Tess. - You know, they're probably gonna work it out when the wool stays in the shed for the rest of the week. - Oh, bugger. (chuckling) (laughing) ♪ Come on ♪ ♪ Give me room to move ♪ ♪ Give me room to move ♪ ♪ Give me room to breathe ♪ ♪ Come on ♪ ♪ Give me room to move ♪ ♪ Give me room to breathe ♪ ♪ Come on ♪ ♪ Give me room to move ♪ ♪ Give me room to move ♪ ♪ Give me room to breathe ♪ ♪ You're there ♪ ♪ Watching every move ♪ ♪ Watching every move ♪ ♪ And do you know ♪ ♪ That I'm on your side ♪ ♪ And do you know ♪ ♪ I'm not just here for the ride ♪ (uptempo music) ♪ Come on ♪ ♪ Give me room to move ♪ ♪ Give me room to move ♪ ♪ Give me room to breathe ♪ ♪ Come on ♪ ♪ Give me room to move ♪ ♪ Give me room to move ♪ ♪ Give me room to move ♪ ♪ Give me room to breathe ♪ (lightning cracking) (thunder booming) (electronic music) (electronic chimey music) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 