McLeod's Daughters: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 McLeod's Daughters 
 s1e1 - Welcome Home - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 McLeod's Daughters (2001–2009): Season 1, Episode 1 - Welcome Home - full transcript 
 Following the death of her father, Jack McLeod, Tess Silverman leaves her home in the city for Drovers Run, to claim her share of the property which she plans to sell off. She receives a frosty reception from her half-sister Claire McLeod, who has her own plans for the property that she has lived on all her life, which don't include Tess. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (soft music) (birds chirping) (dog barking) (cows lowing) (helicopter whirring) - Hey, get on up there! Go on, get on up! C'mon! (upbeat music) Come on! (cows lowing) (upbeat music) 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 (woman laughing) - I know, I know, it's unbelievable. Yeah, yeah, tell everyone, okay? Ray's at 10, on me, yeah! Okay, bye! I am rich. I am fabulously wealthy. Woo! (country music) - C'mon, yeah, yeah, way! Thanks, guys. We'll draft them up after lunch and then have a few beers. - Sounds good lady. - Right in the middle of the CWA meeting. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It's true! (woman laughing) - Lunch is on the table. - Thanks. G'day Terry. - G'day. - What's it this week? Fence down, bull on the loose? - Oh, Harry just wants to know if you picked up any of his cattle in your herd? - Gee, you'd think a man who owned a helicopter would have a phone. - No. - Okay. - Geez, you coulda done better than that. - Well, what's the point? - Claire might know, but my daughter doesn't. (laughing) The CWA? - [Terry] Yeah. - [Meg] Did you have anything on underneath? - [Terry] I actually had a slip on. She's a big girl, right? (laughing) I'll tell you all that. (soft music) - A twinkle in the eye looking heavenwards. 10 letters. (clock ticking) (engine rumbling) (knocking) - Who'd be using the front door? (knocking) - Two guesses. Real estate vultures. I've told you people I'm not selling! (groaning) - I'm sorry? - [Claire] The door's stuck. Go round the side. - Which way? - Forget it, I'm coming around. - [Tess] No, I can probably open it. - Just wait there! (thumping) - Hello? - [Claire] Hello? - Claire. It's me, Tess. (gentle guitar music) - Tess? You look like your mother. - Hi. (laughs) Should we go inside? So gorgeous. The house and the trees and the hills. Straight out of a painting, isn't it? It's much bigger than I remembered. Can't believe I own half of it now. (sniffing) (sighs) I remember that smell. That smell of... - Wood? - Mold. (laughing) It's a moldy smell. You know it's a good mold. It's a dry, country sort of mustiness. It's always cool and dark in here. I remember running in on really hot days and, this was Jack's room, wasn't it? This was Jack's study. - Can I get you a cool drink? - Yeah, thanks. - Tess? - Meg? - I can't believe it. (laughing) What a surprise! You're the spitting image of your mom. - Don't hold that against me. - Where is Ruth? - She died. Two months ago. A week before our father. It's sort of romantic, eh? Excuse me. Do we have any real water? - Oh here, let me. - Anyway, that's probably why I didn't get the letter for so long, from the solicitor. When mom couldn't work anymore, thank you, we moved to a smaller place. And ever since she died, I guess I've been moving around a bit. So I guess we need to talk about what we're going to do with the property? - I've got to get back to work. - Sure, I just thought, over lunch? - I had it. I've got to get back to the cattle. Just make yourself comfortable. (soft music) (sighing) Better get moving. - Jack always lets us have an hour for lunch. - I'm the boss now. - [Man] C'mon. - You think she heard? - No. (soft music) - Oh, I wouldn't go in there. That's Jack's room. I'm Jodi. You know, you don't look like Claire at all. Do you want me to show you around? - Sure. Do you work here? - No, I live here. Well, not here, over at the cottage with mom, Meg. I mean, I don't really live here, I've been at boarding school for like, ages and I'm just here waiting for my exam results and then I'm going to go to tape in the city-- - That was my room. - I don't think so. - Yeah, it was. It's got flowered wallpaper and curtains to match. - It's been the storeroom ever since I can remember. C'mon. (shushing cattle) - Get a move on, come on get in there. Hey go easy on 'em, mate. - You're working for the cow whisperer now, remember? - Stressed out cattle don't get a good price, which means I don't make the money which means you're out of a job. (pleasant guitar music) Finish drafting 'em will you, and put 'em out to water. (pleasant guitar music) (helicopter whirring) - [Man] The cattle are looking good. - Beat yours on the scale tomorrow. - Righto. Put your money where your mouth is. - The usual? - You're on. (romantic music) - Who is this? - Hi. Tess Silverman. - Hello. I'm Alex and you're? - Jack's daughter. Love your entrance. Have we got one of those? - You've got a sister? - Sure, and the Rolls Royce is in being serviced. Half sister, Dad's second marriage. - You staying here long? - I don't know, I'm sort of here to talk about some stuff with Claire. I'll probably stay at the pub. - That's too far. Look if Claire won't put you up, there's always a bed at our place. - So what time are you finished loading up the truck tomorrow? - Seven, 7:30 as always. - Yeah right. - Catch you later, Tess. - See ya. - Put it away, mate. - Get outta here. I'm a man, she's a woman. - Thanks, what does that make me? - Well you're a, you're a Claire. - I'm gonna give her a hand. - Just stay right here. (man whistles) - Hello darling. - Hey Becky, you got the time? I've got the equipment. - Come on Beck, share a round eh? - A lovely set of tits, Becky, give us a look. - [Man] Yeah Becks! - Take a good look boys, 'cause it's all you're gonna get. Can I help you? - Do you need a hand? - No, I'm the delivery girl. - So, I'm Tess. Claire's sister. - I'm Becky. You don't look like Claire. - Same dad, different moms. You know, the usual dysfunctional family. - Has she talked to you about what she wants? - I think she's been trying to talk to you about that. - I don't know what to say to her. - Well look, for a start you could ask her if she'd like to stay. - Am I interrupting? - No, no. Actually Claire was just wondering if you'd like to stay tonight? (gentle guitar music) - Yeah I'd love to. - Good. - I've got to have a shower. - She doesn't want me here, does she? - She'll be all right. (crickets chirping) - There's a gecko in my room. I've got nothing against him personally, but does he have to be there? - How do you feel about mozzies? - It's a love hate thing. They love me I... Why? - You have to decide whether to be eaten alive by mozzies or ravaged by a feral gecko. What are you gonna drink? - Water, thanks. Are the others coming? - They have their own place. - So you eat by yourself? - Now I do. Have a seat. (clock ticking) - It's funny how they died so close together. Maybe Mom called to Jack. Maybe she came along to tell him it was time to go. - It was a heart attack. - Well, sure in practical terms but they were crazy about each other. It was never gonna work, but while it did it was passionate. Makes sense that when Mom died, she called to him. Jack died because he loved her. - Dad died because... It was a heart attack. - Dinner. - Ah, thanks Meg. Hope you left enough for everyone else. (Meg chuckles) - Enjoy. (clock ticking) (soothing music) (fork scraping) - What are we gonna do, Claire? We have to talk about this. We both own a half share of the property. I spoke to a solicitor, and according to him we have three options. One we sell the place and split the money, only I figure you want to stay here. The second is we split the place in half, because technically either one of us can sell our share without permission of the other. I mean, I figure that'd freak you out too, so the third option is you buy me out. You know you pay me for my half share. So, we should get a valuation. - This is my place, mine! - Well yeah, but Jack left half-- - You left us. You and Ruth. Dad and I worked this place for 20 years, and not one word from you. You left us. (somber music) (upbeat rock music) - Trust Jack. Dead and buried and he's still trying to get his way. - I would so spew if I had to share my inheritance with anyone. ♪ Think I want you ♪ - Do you think Dad will leave us anything when he dies? - Ex-husbands don't die Jo, they just keep running up debt. - No but do you reckon he might? It'd be great if he struck it rich on the pokeys and left it to me. - What about me? - What would you need it for? ♪ Hate you love you ♪ ♪ Want you when I ♪ - Can you turn it up a bit? I love this one. - Haha, night Mom. - Goodnight. ♪ Makes me high ♪ ♪ Need you want you ♪ - I thought that was Jack's room. - It's the master bedroom, so it's mine now. - Claire, I don't want to railroad you. - I'm going to bed. - It's half past eight. - We go to bed early here. You don't have to. - Oh no no no, I'm a morning person. - Night. - Night. (gentle piano music) ♪ Maybe I was wrong ♪ ♪ Maybe I'm to blame ♪ ♪ I thought I'd see you and it'd be the same ♪ ♪ When I look at you ♪ ♪ That I knew I see ♪ - Oh go eat mozzies. ♪ Someone new or just a ♪ - Make yourself useful. ♪ Days drift by ♪ ♪ Sometimes I cry ♪ ♪ I never really understood it ♪ ♪ I always thought that you'd be there ♪ ♪ Was I crazy ♪ ♪ Crazy ♪ ♪ Sometimes ♪ ♪ It's so unfair ♪ (crickets chirping) ♪ Don't know where I am ♪ ♪ Don't know where is home ♪ ♪ Don't know much at all ♪ ♪ But it ain't much fun alone ♪ ♪ Guess I'll work it out ♪ ♪ What else can you do ♪ ♪ Maybe life goes on with one instead of two ♪ ♪ Days drift by ♪ ♪ Sometimes I cry ♪ ♪ I never really understood it ♪ ♪ I always thought that you'd be there ♪ ♪ And was I crazy ♪ ♪ Crazy ♪ ♪ Sometimes ♪ ♪ It's so unfair ♪ ♪ And was I crazy ♪ ♪ Crazy ♪ ♪ Sometimes ♪ ♪ It's so unfair ♪ (emotional music) (crickets chirping) (gentle guitar music) - Hi Tess. I'm so glad you've come. Welcome home. (man grunting, shouting) What's going on? - Cattle are out. - What time is it? - Five. - Five, five a.m.? - You said you were a morning person. - Yeah but this isn't morning. Morning's what's happening in New Zealand right now. Claire. - [Man] I was here last night about eight o'clock, the gate was shut, they were fine. - [Claire] What time's the truck due? - Truck will be here at eight, Claire. - That gives us two hours. Meg, you take the ute and check near the road. You two check up near Baldy Hill. - Claire? - Bruce, Gary, come with me. We'll see if any have headed down the river. - Don't understand it. How'd they get out in the first place? - Claire, I think it might have been possibly, well me. I went for a walk last night, but I closed the gate behind me, I swear. (men chuckling) - Did you put the snap hook on? - The snap hook? No. - Okay, let's go. Where's Ian? - He took the ute to town. No one knew the cattle was gonna be out. (cattle mooing) ♪ Don't be too loud ♪ ♪ Just hear me raise my voice ♪ ♪ What I wanna do ♪ - Hey Meg, can I go with you? I don't get why the chain needs a clip as well. What are these cows, locksmiths? - When a heavy steer leans against it, it can come undone. - I'm such an idiot. This is all my fault. - I just hope we find them in time to make the truck for the sales. - I know it's bad not to make the sale, but can't Claire take the cattle to the next one? - Cattle prices are up now. Next month, who knows? Lots of bills to pay before then. - Is the farm in trouble, financially? - Claire was really counting on the sale. ♪ Your survival ♪ ♪ Yes we do ♪ (radio crackles) (cattle mooing) (ominous music) (explosion booms) (intense music) (explosions booming) (hooves clopping) - Whoa! - Dad. Alex. What'd burn like that? - I don't know, nothing good. Has the truck left yet? - It's gone. - You get this lot up to tall trees, we'll take a look. - Righto, Brett move 'em out! - Hey Harry, follow us! - [Tess] Are you okay? - [Ian] Yeah I just busted my shoulder. - Take it easy, Ian. (cattle mooing) - Oh my god. Round up the other cattle as quick as you can. (intense music) - You'll be all right, just get this bandage on. - Ian? - Ah Claire, I'm sorry. I dunno, I came over the rise and this is all my fault. - Yeah I think he's broken his collarbone. I'll take care of him. Careful no more of those petrol drums blow. A lot of petrol there, Ian. How did that get there? - Yeah I, yeah I was just dumping 'em. - Yeah right. - Claire I'm so sorry I didn't mean... (somber music) Should we call the vet? - Too late for the vet. - No maybe maybe we could help them or do something-- - Its back is broken. (gun clicks) (gun fires) Now we have to move 'em. - What do we have to do? - [Claire] We'll tie their back legs together, we rope 'em to the back of the ute, and we drag 'em down the road. - That's awful! - That's farming. - You all right Claire? - Yeah. - Anyone else in the vehicle? - No, Ian was driving. - What the hell happened here? - I don't know. Smells of petrol. - [Man] You all right? - Yeah I'm all right. - Can you walk mate? - Yeah, yeah I reckon. (Ian groans) - Watch his shoulder. - Harry call the sheriff, get a crew down here. - Yeah righto. You all right mate? - How did the cattle get out? - Doesn't matter now. - [Alex] Doesn't look like you're gonna make the truck, does it? - [Claire] Nope. - Pity. Would've been good to see you top the market. - Oh we both know it would've been me. (somber music) (crying) - I mean who'd be dumb enough to leave the gate open? - She didn't know. - Bet Claire was pissed. - [Tess] Sure was. Have you got a toolbox? - Laundry. - Thanks. - Oops. (pleasant rock music) - Stupid pathetic dumb! (door creaks) Good door. (barrel clangs) (somber music) (intense music) - Ian's been stealing fuel. - You're kidding? - Terry thought they were up to something. - Um Claire? I don't think it was just Ian. I saw them filling the drums last night. It was all of them. I didn't know what it meant. What are you gonna do? - Yeah are you gonna call the cops? - Don't say another word. (cattle mooing) - We've got most of them. Still about 50 or so are missing. We'll head straight up after them. - Don't bother. Pack up your things and get off the property. - Excuse me? - You're fired, the lot of you. - Some sort of joke is it Claire? - Stealing my fuel? I'm not laughing. - Oh look if Ian was up to something-- - You were all in on it. - Hey, Jack used to let us fill our fuel tanks up as a bonus. - You would never have tried this on my father, and you're not getting it past me. You're fired, that's it! - You can't do that. We've got rules here now. You've gotta give us three warnings and one of those has gotta be in writing. - You want to play by the rules? No problem, I'll call Senior Constable Cork. I'm sure he'd be really interested in your side of the story. - You can't run this place without us. - Watch me. (dramatic music) - I'm sorry Mrs. McLeod. (dramatic music) - [Meg] Good on ya. - [Jodi] Fantastic, you were great. - I'm stuffed. Gary's right. (somber music) - Claire? I'm really sorry, it's all my fault. You know if the cattle hadn't have got out, the accident, everything. I stuffed up. - Look, if they hadn't got out I wouldn't have realized the men were stealing from me. - That's a very generous way of looking at it. Hey! You don't have to worry about that. I fixed it. (scoffs) - Thanks. - Thank Jack. Things don't get done. - Just by looking at 'em. (emotional music) (dog barking) - [Tess] Here boy, hello. - That's Roy. Roy likes you. - Named after the big O is he? I like that song, Pretty Woman? - Oh no no, he's named after me ex-boyfriend who turned out to be mongrel. But I like that song too. Big shock. Come on. Come on, get out, get out. - [Man] What so she fired the lot of 'em? - [Man] Yeah, the whole town's talking about it. - [Man] Good on her. - [Man] How's she gonna run the place on her own? - [Man] Well she can't of course, but you know top marks for trying. - Maybe I should get over there, see if I can give 'em a hand eh? - I think Meg can cope, Terry. - Yeah, right well I'll get the feed off of you. - Poor Claire eh? She's having a bit of a rough trot. - Well there's nothing we can do. She'd never ask for help. - Might bring her closer to selling, though. - You could never be accused of being a soft touch, could you Dad? - It's called business, Alex. - Yeah righto. - Tell Janet to invoice me for the new amount. I'll pay it then. - They're a bunch of pricks, you know, you did the right thing. - We'll see. There's a beer in the fridge when you're finished. - Tah. - Oh sorry. - Look, this isn't such a great time. I'll see what I can sort out with the solicitor and get back to you. You probably wanna go home. - Home, yeah sure, yeah. - What's the problem? - I was looking for somewhere after Mom died, but then I got the solicitor's letter and I thought well, haven't seen you for a while so... I'm just not quite sure where home is right now. - Oh, well. It just doesn't stop at geckos, you know? - Pardon me? - Well there are spiders everywhere and when it gets hot there's the occasional snake in the loo. The hot water runs out really fast, the telly's on the blink. We're up at dawn, we're back at night and I don't have time to look after ya. - Well, sis, I've managed this far by myself. I've had jobs since I was 12. One of them was in a bakery, and there were heaps of mice. - Alive or dead? - They were alivish. And I put myself through uni and I bought my own car which hardly ever breaks down, and when it does I can fix it, sometimes. You don't have to worry about me if you were asking me to stay, here that is. - I am. But it might take weeks to sort out what's gonna happen to Drover's Run. - That's okay. I, I packed a few pairs of undies. - Right then, well I'll go get this cattle. - By yourself? - Oh there's only about 50. - Jodi and I can give you a hand. - I'm in no rush to get back to town if you've got a spare horse. - Sure. - I can ride. - Okay. Great. We'll find a horse for you. Jodi, break Oscar out of retirement will you? (gentle guitar music) - Please Oscar, please be good. (gentle guitar music) Please just let me do this one thing right. Right. Let's go. (laughs) - [Both] Pony club. - Wait 'til she has to gallop. Come on! (pleasant music) How's your bum? - Fine! (Claire laughs) (pleasant music) So all this is yours? - It's ours I suppose. (pleasant music) Hah! - Hah! (upbeat music) ♪ I've been right ♪ ♪ And I've been wrong ♪ ♪ I've been weak ♪ ♪ But I've been strong ♪ ♪ I've been bought ♪ ♪ And I've been sold ♪ ♪ I've been brave ♪ ♪ And I've been bold ♪ ♪ But I never ever been like this ♪ ♪ So let me talk ♪ ♪ Please try to hear ♪ ♪ If you reach out ♪ ♪ I will run away ♪ ♪ So let me talk ♪ ♪ Please try to hear ♪ ♪ If you reach out ♪ ♪ I will run away ♪ ♪ Don't run away ♪ ♪ Please understand ♪ ♪ Don't run away ♪ ♪ 'Cause this is our time ♪ ♪ Don't run away ♪ ♪ 'Cause you can stay with me ♪ ♪ You let me talk ♪ ♪ But you cannot hear ♪ ♪ I'll reach out ♪ ♪ But you walk away ♪ ♪ You let me talk ♪ ♪ And you cannot hear ♪ ♪ I reach out ♪ ♪ But you walk away oh ♪ ♪ You let me talk ♪ ♪ But you cannot hear ♪ ♪ I reach out ♪ ♪ But you walk away ♪ ♪ You let me talk ♪ ♪ But you cannot hear ♪ ♪ I reach out ♪ ♪ But you walk away ♪ ♪ You let me talk ooh ♪ ♪ You cannot hear ♪ ♪ I reach out ♪ (thunder rumbles) (soothing music) (synth music) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 