McLeod's Daughters: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 McLeod's Daughters 
 s1e4 - Who's the Boss? - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 McLeod's Daughters (2001–2009): Season 1, Episode 4 - Who's the Boss? - full transcript 
 Claire buys a herd of thin sheep at auction to fatten up and resell. Jodie finds she did badly on her examination. Tess applies her therapist mother's techniques to encourage the women at Drovers Run to open up emotionally. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - [Narrator] Previously on McLeod's Daughters. - [Tess] Are the others coming? - They have their own place. - So you eat by yourself? - Now I do. - I didn't know I had to take a vow of silence. Do I have to be celibate too? - Why, which one do you want, Alex or Nick? - Does it matter? - (crying) They think that I just lay it on and I don't. I choose. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I choose. - It's okay. You care more about Jack's horse than you do about Becky. - Yeah, at the moment Sirocco is important to me. If we win the next event then just maybe people might start to believe that I can manage Drover's Run without Dad. - You've got to help her. They're all drunk and there's no one there to stop them. Please, you've got to help them, please. - Get out of here! - Get up, Becky. You're gonna have to hang on, I'm not a very good rider. Is she all right? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - She'll be right. Tough as nails, that girl. (gentle music) - Move it, you silly old bitch! - Hey! Watch who you're calling old. (Claire laughs) - Today I'm gonna blend right into the crowd. - They're looking good, Claire. - I know. - G'day, Bob, nice day for it. Yep, you bet. Country girl or what? - Right, here's a list of things that need doing. - Ah, sorry, no can do. I'm coming with you. Well, I'm not gonna be here for much longer and I just want to spend some quality time with you before I go. - What a nice thing to say. You should make a habit of that. (cattle lowing) - They don't win bloody prizes for brains, do they? - Okay, let's get this show on the road. - Becky, you take the truck. - Uh, just a minute, Claire. (slapping truck) - Roy. - Have you asked Becky if she wants to go back into town after what happened? - We ready to go? - The rest of us can go in the ute. - I'll go with Becky. - Uh, no. Um, I mean, quality time, remember? - [Claire] Right, everyone's ready, yes? - I'll ride in the truck. - Whatever, let's go. (bright music) ♪ It'll take some time ♪ ♪ To find your heart and come back home ♪ ♪ You could walk for miles cross every river ♪ ♪ And find you're not alone ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'll be there ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'll be there ♪ (rock music playing) ♪ Defy the dark that you have been pushed into ♪ ♪ It's gonna bring you down ♪ ♪ 'Cause that's the way you feel ♪ ♪ Was it the shadows you still blame me for ♪ - What? Hey, if I was Aretha Franklin I wouldn't be driving this truck. - Oh, that's not... I just thought you might want to talk about how you're feeling. - No, I don't. - Alright, sure, no problems. I want you to know I'm here if you need me. ♪ I gave my all but that was never good enough for you ♪ ♪ Confess your fear or it will drag you under ♪ ♪ In another life there's so much more ♪ ♪ That you could never see ♪ ♪ It's just the way ♪ - Jack used to love the auctions, too. - Um, what's to love? (bluesy rock music) (auctioneer speaking indistinctly) - 562! (cattle lowing) - That sounded good. It was good, wasn't it? - Pretty good. - And? - Well, I've been following the prices, watching the market. - And? - Killed it. - Great, so we've got cash? - Fair swag. - Should I get a wheelbarrow, or is it a check? - Oh, we get a printout in a minute. But there's lots of bills to pay, Tess. - Yeah, but we're rich. (both laughing) - There. That one there. - G'day. - G'day. What do you know? - Aw, nothing. - Yeah, well that'd be right, wouldn't it? - Shows how much you know. Claire just made a killing. - [Nick] Hey, well done. - Oh, it wasn't that good. - Don't listen to a word of it, we're rolling in it. - Can't stay and chat, gotta see someone. - Hey, do you guys know where we can get a decent cup of coffee round here? - [Nick] Oh, you'll be lucky. - See ya! I was sticking up for you. - I don't need sticking up for and our business is our business, no one else's. - It's not like I was giving away a state secret or anything. - Can we go now? - No, not yet. - Oh. Have you seen Mum? - No. (bluesy music) - Moo! (both laugh) - Didn't expect to see you here. - Neither did I. Did I tell you my mate Andy's bought himself a new cattle truck? - How nice for him. - It's got amazing heating facilities. - Uh-huh. - Eh? You uh, would you want to uh... Uh, check it out? (cattle lowing) - Not interested in the price of stock? - Not really, no. - Yeah, me either. (bluesy music) (sniffs) Lousy weather. - Yep. - Yep, sure is lousy, all right. Thirsty? - Little bit. - I can get you one if you like. I was on my way to the canteen anyway. I'll bring one back for you. Coke or lemonade? - Lemonade. - One sec. (auctioneer yelling) - Thanks. - Hey. - Hi. - You got a cappuccino, don't you? Can I have a cappuccino? Thanks. Who was that? - Meredith Jennings' mother. Apparently, Meredith got 96 in her finals and now she doesn't know if she wants to do law or veterinary science. Either way she's a total suck. - I didn't know the results were out yet. - No, she got them off the net. She couldn't wait. So Meredith. I mean, all she did at school was study. She spent like every waking moment in the library. - That's the general idea of school, isn't it? - No, not for me, I'm lucky. No, I remember everything I read. Ask me a question, go on. Like um, how many Australians won Oscars this year. - How many Australians won-- - Two, which is three less than last year and five less than the year before. - Thank you. - Oh, um, chocolate doughnut, please. - Okay, boys, the count must be 130 Merino weather lambs, march on. Right now, great pen of store lambs there, those Merino lambs there. Right, anybody who's ready to make a good job of those lambs, why don't you start to bid for those lambs? (auctioneer continues indistinctly) - Bit of a looker, isn't he? - As attractive sheep go, I guess he's up there. - He's a Ridgeway Paul Merino stud. 21 micro, soft, rolling skin. Comfort factor hundred. - Mustn't forget that comfort factor. You make him sound like he's royalty. - What a load of crock. You are a dead set tosser. It's all done on gut reaction. You check the legs, make sure they're nice and firm. The balls, make sure they're even, full. - In that order? - Oh yeah, I mean, you don't want them to get the wrong idea. - But who's got 14, where's 14, 13? 12, well, who's got 10 then? - How does he know who's bidding? - Nod of the head, wink of the eye. - Ten you got? - 10 I got 10 I got 10 I got 10.50. - Yes! - 10.50, 11. - Yes! - 11.50, 12. - My god, who'd buy that sad looking bunch? They're half dead. - Yeah, you'd have to be desperate. - (laughs) Stupid, more like. - Yeah, right. - Forget rough, they look like they've been on a hunger strike. - 14.80, we've got 14.80, we've got 14.80. 15 dollars, I got 15, I got 15, anybody else? I got 15 dollars, at 15 dollars, at 15 dollars and I sell them at 15 dollars to Claire McLeod, thank you. - That's half my cash she's wasted! (dramatic music) - So what do you do on your days off? - Haven't had one yet. - No, you wouldn't, would you? Stupid question. I hear you like to ride. - Very funny. - No, look, I didn't mean it like that I just... (dramatic music) Look, I like to go for a ride down the river sometimes, you know, on a Sunday arvo. It's magical. I mean, not like a day like today, but I was just wondering, you know, if you could sort it out with Claire and, you know, you can spare the time, you know, maybe we could sort of spend the day? - You've lost a huge chunk of that money on them. It's unbelievable. Well, are you gonna tell me why you bought anorexic sheep, or do I have to guess? - I buy them cheap, I fatten them up, I sell them at a profit. - Yeah, well you might have let me in on your little scheme. That way I needn't have looked so stupid in front of Nick and Alex. (Claire tuts) - I better go. (cattle lowing) - Mum, where have you been? - Ah, darling. I've been looking for you. We all done? - No, we've just gotta line up some third world sheep. (bluesy music) - It's good to have a day out once in a while, isn't it? Break the old routine. Did you enjoy yourself, darling? - Oh, yeah, I loved it, Mum. - Yeah. Glad to hear you had a good time. (bluesy music) - Please tell me this is just a toilet break. (sheep baaing) So what's the story, Beck? - She's overheating, the needle's off the gauge. Yeah, it's the radiator, alright. - Fixable? - No, I don't reckon I can plug up a hole that size. I can get on the CB to Gunter and see if I can get another truck. - I was lucky to get this one. Give it a go. (sheep baaing) - They're looking a bit shaky. - Yeah, let's open up. - Mum's right, look at them, they're pathetic. - What's the plan? - No trucks. - Oh, no. It's a couple of hours walk to Drover's. - Oh, it's more than that. - Becky, you take the weakest ones back in the ute. The rest of us will walk the sheep home. - Well, do you think they'll make it? - Gonna have to, aren't they? ♪ You want it all and you think that's okay ♪ ♪ But you don't wanna wait ♪ ♪ It has to be today ♪ ♪ But I ♪ ♪ I've been around a long long time ♪ - When you get back give them food and water. ♪ And I know what to do ♪ ♪ It'll be just fine ♪ Okay, let's move it! (sheep baaing) ♪ Understand me ♪ ♪ Please understand me ♪ - If they were moving any slower, they'd be standing still. - When we get back I can hook up to the net, if you want, get your results. - Oh, nah, it doesn't matter. I'm not one of those nerds that sits by the mailbox biting my nails waiting for my results. There's no point, you know? You get what you get. - But aren't you curious? Don't you wanna know? - Wanna know what? - She can get her exam results on the net. They're available now. - Oh my God, that's so exciting! - Can we keep our mind on the job? - She's excited for Jodi. - And she spooked the sheep. - Wish she'd shut up about her stupid sheep. - Jodi, shh. - Can't wait till I leave here. ♪ You think I don't care ♪ ♪ And I just don't respond if I listen to you ♪ ♪ I have my life to defend ♪ ♪ It's so easy to talk ♪ ♪ So much harder to do all the things that I have to ♪ - Doesn't look too well. - That's because it's dead. - Oh. Do we bury it or something? ♪ Understand me ♪ ♪ Please understand me ♪ - Let's move it. Meg, you stay up front. Roy, sit down. Tess. Tess, you need to be further back. Drop back. Roy, sit down! Jodi, you don't flog 'em. It's droving, not driving. - (scoffs) Did anyone hear me say I was interested in sheep? - Hey, Claire, I'm not a person who rubs salt into someone's wounds. - What do you mean by that? - I mean I don't dwell on mistakes. - You saying I made a mistake? - No. - Then what? - Well, perhaps bad choice is more accurate. - I don't need it, Tess. ♪ Misunderstanding me ♪ ♪ I'm misunderstanding you ♪ Sit down, Roy. ♪ I know what's real ♪ Sit down, Roy. ♪ What can you do and what is the truth ♪ ♪ Misunderstanding me ♪ ♪ I'm misunderstanding you ♪ ♪ Where does the meaning lie ♪ ♪ Because you don't get it ♪ - So, Meredith Jennings got 96? - That's what I said. - Wow. I guess she'll be going to university, then. Did she say what she's gonna do? - Nope. - Oh. (car horn honks) - Bit of a walk, Claire. I noticed you got a few uh, stragglers back there. I reckon they could do with a bit of a breather. Especially the ones lying on the side of the road, belly up. - We can drop off our ram, come back the truck if you like. - We're almost there. - Want a lift, Tess? - Better not. - Can't stand here yakking. - [Nick] Righto, good luck. ♪ I'm trying to understand you ♪ ♪ Understand you ♪ ♪ Yeah understand you ♪ ♪ Trying to understand you ♪ (sheep baaing) - Well, that was fun, shame you missed it. - Begs for a shower. - Not finished yet. - Oh, come on, Claire, we're all exhausted. You can't expect us to do more work now. At least let us cool off a bit first. - No one's asking you to do anything. Becky, you come with me. Jodi, bit of hand feeding to do, eh? Make sure she spreads it out a bit. - I'll help with the watering, then I want a shower. (sheep baaing) - I got the last one. - Bloody truck, eh, you weren't worried about it. - No. (bluesy music) - Ladies and gentlemen, we are online. - You know, Mum, don't expect me to get 96, okay? I'm not a super-brain like Meredith. - Oh, I don't expect 96, Jodi, I was thinking more like 99. - Mum, I really don't need this pressure. - Oh, darling. I'm joking. I don't care what you get, just so long as you tried your best. That's all a mother can ask. 'Course 96 would be rather nice. - I need your password. - Oh, I lost that bit of paper. - [Meg] What? - We're just getting Jodie's results. - Looks like we can't get them anyway. Jodi, I can't believe it. After six years of school? - It's her final results, Claire, you remember how it was. - No, I don't. - What, you didn't finish Year 12? - Left school when I was 15. - Oh. Well then what did you do? - What do you mean? - Well, I mean, did you get a TAFE or what? - (scoffs) I stayed here, I worked. You've been working here since you were 15? - I've been working here since I could walk. It's not a job, Tess, it's my life. (gentle music) (sheep baaing) - Claire. How are they doing? - Morning, how are we today? - Morning. They're sore-footed. - I can relate to that. - We're gonna have to drench them today. - Happy to drench. - I've checked them for flystrike, but we'll probably need to jet them as well. Becky, when you're finished there can you get the drench ready? We'll give them 10 mils of Ivomec. - Claire, you... (door creaking) (computer chiming) You see, the thing is I've been observing you. - I've noticed. - Done. - Thank you, Becky. And it's clear to me that your management style could do with an upgrade. - Tess, I don't have time for this. - I think you should speak to people more politely, give some encouragement. - What? - I know you're stressed out, but would it hurt occasionally to let everyone know they're appreciated? - Well, that's what the beer at the end of the day's for. - To men, maybe. In case you haven't noticed, we're all women here. Claire, I have no doubt that you know this place back to front and you know when everything's supposed to happen and how to do it but-- - That's right. So just let me do it. (bluesy music) (funky music) (computer chiming) - It's like talking to a brick wall. No, I take that back, my sister is a brick wall. So obvious she's a Taurie. A bull, that'd be right. Stubborn as. What's with you? - 38. - Green bottles on the wall? - My result. - 38? Is that out of 50? You're kidding. Out of a hundred? Whoa, major stuff up. I mean, that's not so bad. It's um, it's better than 28. - Mum's gonna go ballistic. - Not necessarily. Remember what she said last night? All Meg wants to know is that you did your best. - She was lying. - Rubbish, you just gotta, you gotta tell her straight. She'll understand. It's all in the way that you say it. (dramatic music) - Mum, I could lie to you or beat about the bush, but I'm not going to. I'm gonna be straight with you. I did very badly in my exams. - Thank you for being honest with me, Jodi. (Jodi sighs) (Tess laughs) - Well, that wasn't so bad. How do you know about this stuff anyway? - My mother's a therapist. - Beauty? - Relationship. - Oh. So when do you think I should tell her? - You know, I think we could kill two birds with one stone. But I'll need a hand. - [Claire] (sighs) What the hell? - I thought it'd be nice if we all ate together today. Al fresco. Please take a seat. (whimsical music) It's also a chance for us to get to know each other better, to bond in a more social way. We can talk about stuff that's bothering us and clear the air occasionally. Perhaps you'd like to start, Claire. Maybe you'd like to talk about some of the problems we all had yesterday. - Not really. - All right, someone else, then. Is there anything anyone wanted to get off their chest or just share with the group? - I reckon a couple of the skinniest sheep have got worms. I have to check their dropping to be sure, but at least there are no maggots. - Hmm. - Great, thanks for that, Claire, it's not quite what I had in mind, but... All right, I'll go first. I lost my virginity when I was 16 to one of my mother's ex-lovers. His name was George, he had a beard, and he smelled of cloves. - I voted One Nation. - Meg, you didn't. - I didn't really pay attention. I thought they had some things to say. - Well, things no one wants to hear. - I bombed out in my exams. - What? - But, look, it's nothing to worry about, honestly. I'm gonna be okay. - I hope I didn't hear what I just heard. - Told you she wouldn't understand. - Jodi! (bright music) - That went real well. - I know what you're gonna say, so you needn't bother. - I only want to know what went wrong. - Nothing went wrong, it was just bad luck, that's all. - How is it bad luck? - Well, because they asked a lot of stuff I didn't know. - What do you mean? Why didn't you know it? You've been studying for it all year. - It's a long story. - I'm listening. (Jodi sighs) - Do you need some help with the drenching? - I guess. We'll be all week otherwise. Can you find Meg? We need all hands on deck. - Right. - Actually, I think Meg and Jodi might need some time. - No time to give. - And the library was closed and the roof leaked in my dorm, you know? It was just drip, drip, drip and I was supposed to borrow Marisa Hinckley's study notes, right, but then her family moved to New Zealand. (scoffs) Can you believe it? And by then there was just, you know, nothing else I could do, you know? It was just too late. - So basically you didn't study at all? - It's not like I was desperate to get into uni or anything. - Don't have a choice now, do you? What on earth were you thinking, Jodi? - I was thinking of my future if you wanna know the truth. I know what I wanna do and I don't need a TR of 99 to do it. - Do you have any idea what it cost to send you to that school? - You never paid for it. - No, but Jack McLeod did. - Oh, please don't start on that again, okay? He didn't have to pay for me, all right? I didn't ask him to. - No, you're absolutely right. So what are you gonna do now? - (huffs) I'm gonna move to the city and do a TAFE course in personal styling if they've got one, okay? And then I'm gonna travel the world. - Right. Well, you'll need to apply for OzStudy, but that's not gonna be enough to live on. You're gonna have to get yourself a job waitressing or dish washing and you're gonna have to find yourself somewhere to live. - Uh, Meg. Um, Claire needs you. - I suggest you get on the phone right now and see what's available. - Well, aren't you gonna help me? (upbeat music) Oh, that sounds good. Yeah, a house would be great. Well, I don't have a car yet, so definitely something close to the city. Oh, no, no, actually an apartment's fine. Yeah, yeah, just as long as it's got a shower and a bath. Absolutely, two bedrooms, like for when my mum comes to visit and stuff. Uh-huh. How much? Well, one bedroom sounds good. How much? A shared room? Is that on the train line? An hour by bus? No, no. No, it sounds good. Um, I'll get back to you. Okay. ♪ You ♪ ♪ Want it all and you think that's okay ♪ ♪ But you don't wanna wait ♪ ♪ It has to be today ♪ ♪ But I ♪ ♪ I've been around a long long time ♪ ♪ And I know what to do ♪ - [Claire] Jodi, you can count 'em up! ♪ And it'll be just fine ♪ ♪ Understand me ♪ ♪ Please understand me ♪ ♪ You ♪ ♪ Think I don't care and I just don't respond ♪ ♪ If I listen to you ♪ ♪ I have my life to defend ♪ ♪ It's so easy to talk ♪ Turn his head, Jodi. ♪ So much harder to do all the things that I have to do ♪ ♪ But I still need you ♪ - That's the lot. - Whew, I need a drink. You coming? - In a minute, gotta get these sheep in the new paddock. - Well, I'll give you a hand. - No, I'll do it. Becky, can you turn the windmill on? - I said I'd do it. - Yeah, and I said I'd give you a hand. - I said I was sorry. Can't you help me? Just a little bit. It's 'cause I'm a failure, isn't it? - That's not it at all and you know it. You didn't even try, Jodi. That's what's really... You've had everything handed to you on a silver platter and it hasn't meant a damn thing. That boarding school, everything was done for you and around here on holidays, you weren't expected to lift a finger. But as of today that's gonna change. You're gonna work your little bum off. - What? - Oh, beer, now you're talking. - Claire, Jodi would like to join us at Drover's Run full time. If there's a place. - Sorry? - [Tess] Wow, that's fantastic! - At least for a year or so. Just to prove to us how committed she can be before I start helping her go to TAFE. She'd work hard, wouldn't you, Jodi? - Yeah. Sure. - She really doesn't wanna be here, does she, Meg? - Claire. Of course you can stay, we'd love to have you. - You can't say that. - Yes, I can. In fact, I just did. - You're not in charge. - If you keep going on this way, you won't be in charge either 'cause no one will work with you. - Well, when you've decided who is the boss maybe you'd like to check out the windmill. It's cactus. - (scoffs) Of course. Maybe I'll just shoot them all now and be done with it. (door creaking) - We could load the ute up with water from the creek. - Well, that'll get us through the short term. - Right, Jodi, let's get started. - Oh, but... - Do you know what's wrong with it? - Could've kicked itself out of gear. - Or? - Or we're stuffed completely. Enough to make a taxidermist happy. - [Tess] Hmm. I know what you're thinking. - (scoffs) Good-o, I'll add clairvoyancy to your list of talents. - And I can add sarcasm to yours. You wanna back down from your previous position on Jodi but you can't because then you'd lose face. - (scoffs) You don't know me at all. I was actually thinking how nice and quiet it would be when Jodi leaves and when you leave. - Then Meg and maybe Becky'll bugger off as well and then it's just Claire all by her lonely old self. - I'd love it. - You would not. - Would too! - Would not! - Would too. - I'm a failure. I'm a failure and I've got nowhere to go. - You should ask her. - What? - If you wanna stay then you should ask Claire. - No way, I'm not begging anyone. Besides, she's already said no, there'd be no point. I'm telling you. (hose splashes) (machine chugging) You know, I might move to the city anyway. There must be cheap places to live. You know, I reckon I'd find somewhere to crash, no problem. - Yeah, a park bench or a stormwater drain. - Well, maybe. Hey, I'd be the youngest, best looking bag lady in history. I'd be eating out of garbage bins, but at least I'd have my personal stylist certificate. It would almost be worth it, don't you reckon? Don't be like that, I'm trying to find a way out here. - You said it yourself, there's no way to go. - I have to go. Claire doesn't like me and Mum thinks I'm a total loser. - Do you really think that? - (sighs) And if I stay here I'm gonna go crazy chasing dumb, stupid chooks and moron cows and all those sheep! (laughs) Who wants to live with 5,000 sheep? - You do. - And Claire as my boss? It's like having two mothers for crying out loud and all this work to do, like they're doing me a favor. - Jodi, shut up. Take a look around. You say a couple of the right things to Claire and you're set. You got a job, you got a home, you got a family around you. Have you any idea how important that is? - Oh, sorry, Beck. You're still upset from-- - No. I'm happy as a pig in mud, Jod. I know when my luck's changed. (dramatic music) - What do we have to do? - I have to get up and shove it into gear. - I'll do it. - That's not a good idea. - Why, don't you think I can? - Look, I've been climbing windmills since I was seven. - Claire, please let me tell you something. Number one, you're a pain in the bum and number two... Actually, I think number one just about covers it. - Be careful. - Oh, what do you know, she cares. (bright music) (sheep baaing) (machine chugging) - Give that central column a knock. - Got it! Not bad! - Yeah, that's good. - Don't know what all the fuss was about. - Come on down. Tess? What are you doing? Stop monkeying around. - Is she all right? - Doesn't look like it. - Claire! I'm a bit scared of heights. - I'm coming. (tense music) You okay? Good. Okay now, we're gonna go down one step at a time, all right? - I can't. - Yes, you can. I'm not gonna let go of you, I promise. Now, just stick your right foot down, straight down. Hey! Oh, I've got you, I've got you. Sorry, you okay? Okay, look, I'm gonna place your foot down with my hand, okay? Okay, I've got your right foot. Just give me your foot. Okay, we're just going down a bit. Bit further. Bit further. There you go, good. Okay, I'll do the same with your left. That's good, good. Okay, next one. You've got to put your foot out, just onto a little ledge. That's good. See, it's not really Everest. (Tess screams) - Oh! - [Both] Are you okay? - You said you wouldn't let go. (both laughing) - [Meg] Try not to move! Stay still! - Are you okay? - What's so funny? (both laughing) - Come on. - Oh. (Tess laughing) Everyone, I just wanna say... Over the last few days it's just-- (dog barking) (motorcycle rumbling) - [Jodi] Hi, Alex. - Ladies. Thank you. (can popping open) - What, what? Spit it out. - Spit out what? Righto, the thing is, we're missing a ram. - Stud master go on walkabout, has he? - Well, I thought he might have come over to check out your new lot, actually. You sort everything out okay? - 'Course. All they needed was a bit of exercise. - Hey, guess what, Alex? I'm staying on at Drover's. Yeah, Claire needs some extra help, so I've offered to stay on and work full time. Haven't I? - You have to work hard. This is definitely a princess-free zone. (Tess clears throat) Oh. - Jodi. - Uh, yeah, um... Thanks, everyone. Good job these last few days. Thanks a lot. - Cheers. - Yeah. - Cheers. (Tess laughs) That wasn't so hard, was it? - Did you really lose your virginity to some old guy when you were 16? - Maybe. ♪ You ♪ ♪ Want it all and you think that's okay ♪ ♪ But you don't wanna wait ♪ ♪ It has to be today ♪ ♪ But I ♪ ♪ I've been around a long long time ♪ ♪ And I know what to do ♪ ♪ And it'll be just fine ♪ ♪ Understand me ♪ ♪ Please understand me ♪ ♪ You're misunderstanding me ♪ ♪ I'm misunderstanding you ♪ ♪ Where does the meaning lie ♪ ♪ Because you don't get it ♪ ♪ Don't mean I can't try ♪ ♪ To understand you ♪ ♪ Understand you ♪ ♪ Yeah understand you ♪ ♪ I'm trying to understand you ♪ (lightning crashes) (electronic chiming) (bright music) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 