McLeod's Daughters: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 McLeod's Daughters 
 s1e7 - Pride and Joy - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 McLeod's Daughters (2001–2009): Season 1, Episode 7 - Pride and Joy - full transcript 
 An un-neutered bull is roaming Drovers Run. Tess traded her cappuccino machine for a milk cow, but doesn't know how to take care of her. Harry Ryan replaces a boundary fence that Claire had planned on just fixing, and Claire insists on paying half but doesn't have the cash. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - [Narrator] Previously on McLeod's Daughters. - All clear, eh? I hear she's having a bit of a rough trot. - Well, there's nothing we can do. She'd never ask for help. - Might bring her closer to selling, though. - You could never be accused of being a soft touch, could you, Dad? - [Nick] Good land will always sell, though. - If the price is right. - Exactly. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 (Tess chuckles) (sentimental orchestral music) (animals squawking) - So if it's a boundary fence, why do we have to check it? - 'Cause that's what you do. Now, the best way to check if a fence needs repaired is give it a good kick. (wood thumps) - Right. (wood thumps) Ow! (upbeat country music) (Claire laughs) - Remember this, when checking fence posts, avoid the use of the toe. (laughs) - Hey. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - [Claire] It's that damn bull. (bull grunting) - Yep, and he's looking straight at me. - I think he likes ya. - He's making me nervous. (bull groans) - Get on the horse! (horse whinnies) - I'm trying! (bull groaning) (horse whinnies) Stay! Sit! (horse clopping) (bull growling) - Thought you were afraid of heights. - Well, between heights and bulls, I think I'll take heights. (dramatic country music) (bull grunting) Go on, shoo! Shoo, shoo! You gonna get it away? - Yeah, all right. Come on, get out of there. (fence crackles) (birds chirping) (dramatic piano music) Damn fence. (Tess groans) We're gonna have to move these cows away before they get on to Killarney. They'll get cracked onto by that bull. You forgot your hat. (horse nickers) (twanging acoustic guitar music) - Oh, I'll, um, I'll get it later. - Yeah, all right. ("Theme from McLeod's Daughters" by Rebecca Lavelle) ♪ It'll take some time to find your heart and come back home ♪ ♪ You could walk for miles, cross every river ♪ ♪ And find you're not alone 'cause I'll be there ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ No, no ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'll be there ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ (peaceful orchestral music) - Aw, yum! - Hey, you've got a delivery. - Great, don't tell Claire. Let me tell her. - Right, the way I figure it, Becky and I can zip out after breakfast and fix the boundary fence. - Moo! - Shut up, Jodi. - And if we're quick, Harry or I needn't know a thing. - [Tess] Um, Claire? - The other thing is that micky bull-- - The one that likes Tess? (Claire laughs) - Very funny, Claire, but-- - I want him caught before he does anymore damage. - I thought you didn't name farm animals? Like micky bull? (all laughing) - It's, um, not a name. - They're bulls with balls. - I thought all bulls had bulls? - These ones missed castration. They're rogues. - Oh, good on him. So Claire, about-- - In a tick. So, we fix the fence, and then Becky and Jodi catch the bull, okay? - Yep, no problem. - Yeah, sure, great. Can I have some of that? - Not that we'll have to have that long-life garbage for much longer. - Why? (cow moos) (Tess laughing) What? - See? Isn't she beautiful? - (chuckles) She's a bit pale. - Really? - Ah, they saw you coming. - Well, you bought sick sheep. - No no, I bought undernourished sheep, big difference. What'd you pay for her? - I didn't actually pay. I swapped, one dairy cow for one cappuccino machine. - The precious cappuccino machine? - Yep, I didn't have anything else to trade. We really need a dairy cow. - Yeah, sure we do. Well, you bought it, you manage it. - Yeah, you bet. Um, I thought we could all pitch in with the milking, so I've drawn up a bit of a roster. (engine rumbling) And, um, guess I'll have first shift. (door slams) - Hiya. - Harry. - Oh, nice cow, bit pale. You got a minute, Claire? - Yeah, yeah, sure, in you go. (cow moos) Have a seat. - I see you're a woman of many talents, Claire. First time I've been in this room without Jack. (dramatic piano music) See, look at these. We made a few of these in our time. Poker games, swapping yarns. The old marks of life. And life, as they say, goes on. I hear Tess has moved in. - Well, she does own half the place. - Taken to the land, has she? - She's Jack's daughter. - Yeah, yeah, I was just saying to Liz, I wonder if they'll hit it off. - We're getting to know each other. - And she said to me, uh, wonder what they'll do with the place? - (laughs) Well, we'll just have to see how it goes. - I see we've got a boundary fence to fix. - Yeah. He had to see the fence, didn't he? Don't believe it. He couldn't wait half a day. - What does it matter? - Oh, it matters, and he was trying to pump me, wants to know what we've got planned. I can see it in his eyes. He wants to take possession of me, us. - [Tess] Did he twirl his mustache? - [Claire] Oh, ha ha. - It's not the 19th century, Claire. He's not some villain. He's a concerned neighbor. - Concerned neighbor? (scoffs) The only thing Harry Ryan is concerned about is taking over Drovers Run, which is why I said we'd have the fence fixed today. If he gets his foot through that hole, we'll never get him out. - I don't think there's enough wire, and I couldn't find anymore posts. (dog yips) - Okay, go to Gungellan, and take Jodi with you. - No worries. (cow mooing) - Have you milked that cow yet? (dog whines) - Oh, I thought I'd leave it for later, freshen up for dinner. - Morning and night is the general rule. (cow moos) - Oh. - [Claire] Are you okay with that? - Fine. (sentimental acoustic guitar music) (cow moos) (Tess huffs) (cow moos) Come on, girl, it's you and me. I think I'm doing something wrong. - Let's have a look. (cow mooing) (fly buzzing) No, it's not the milking. It's not you. Could be bloat. - What's bloat? - Well, the rumen gets blocked, and gas builds up. - Rumen? - The first stomach. - She has more than one? Oh. So it's bloat? - Could be. Cows get it all the time, so we'll drench her-- - Drenching, yep, I love that word. - And then you have to walk her until she-- - She, she farts. Yep, I know. Please, Madonna, just one little fart. A burp, even. (Claire laughs) (cow moos) - Do you want a break? Come and have a beer. I'll give you a spell. - No, we're fine, thanks. - I tried. - Mm. - She's determined to prove that cow's a winner. - (chuckles) The only thing that cow's gonna win is a trip to the meat works. - Oh, I wouldn't let Tess hear you say that. (dog barking) - Come on. You prove all those disbelievers wrong. You can do it, I know you can, just one little fluff. Like this, listen. (Tess farts) (all snorting) See, just like that. Come on. (Jodi blows raspberry) (all giggling) (Claire blows raspberry) (all laughing) Very amusing, thanks for all your help. - It's getting cold. We're going inside now. (bottle crashes) - Oh, not before you break the beer. - I did have a beer for you, but you might have to find another one. - Come on, Madonna, walkies. (cow moos) (birds chirping) (shovel clangs) - She's looking better, isn't she, Claire? - Who, Tess? She looks knackered. (cow moos) - I was an expert cocktail maker, inspired even. Now, I'm reduced to teaching a cow to fart. - No luck? - Nope, not a peep. - You'll need to milk her. You don't want mastitis on top of the gut, eh? - Mass, what? No, no, no, don't tell me. Just give me the bucket. Come on, Madonna. (sheep bleating) (poles thudding) (engine rumbling) - Nice thought, you're a bit late. (door slams) - What are you doing? - (laughs) That's gotta be a trick question. - I told Harry I was fixing it. - That's a waste of time, Claire. It's cactus. - Is that what he said? - Yeah, and he said you talked about it. - We talked about me fixing the damage, not replacing the whole fence. - Uncle Harry's watching ya. (dramatic orchestral music) - Yeah, we put in a new camera. - You leave the fence alone. I thought we'd agreed I'd fix the fence? - Well, yeah, we did, but then I went and checked it out. I mean, the whole fence is stuffed. I could have blown it over. You don't want to start patching something like that. You'll never stop. It's all right, it's my show. - And you put up a spy camera. - (chuckles) I put up a monitoring device, which is part of a security system we're putting up all over Killarney. - I know what it is, Harry. - In fact, Nick could organize you. Picture for me, go into Jack's office. He's due back from Adelaide soon. Why not get him to drop in? - Uh, no thank you, I don't think so, and I don't accept charity. I will be paying for my share. - It's not charity. We needed a new fence. We got one. - You've got one. I'll get back to you when I've sorted something out. - [Harry] Fair enough. (dramatic acoustic guitar music) - [Becky] How's the water? - Nearly empty, there's a leak. - Put your finger in it. - Huh? - Like the boy and the dike, dam it up. (cow mooing and groaning) - Bitch. (Becky giggles) We'll have to fix it. - [Becky] Not yet. - But Claire will go ballistic. - We want mister micky bull nice and thirsty. - Oh. - Where to start? - Last year, Bruce and Gary caught two micky bulls over in Bald Hill Paddock. - Bald Hill it is, then. (cow mooing) - (sighs) Last year, whatever happened to that? Whole 'nother year gone, and here I am living on Drovers Run with my mom. - Could be worse. - Hard to imagine. No, soon as I'm 18, I am out of here into the real world. - I'm from the real world. Trust me, it's not that good. - Yeah, but the, uh, truck stop at Gungellan's not exactly what I had in mind. (Becky laughs) No offense, Becky. - None taken. - Instead here I am, spending all day looking for a ballsy bull. - That's it. Now you go right, I'm going left. (clicks) (dramatic acoustic guitar music) (birds cawing) (horse clopping) (cow growls) (Claire mutters) - Claire, I need your help. - Well, he was all mister nice guy. Said he was shouting. - Can you forget about the stupid fence? My cow is dying. - So I said to Harry, thanks very much, but I don't accept charity, and we'll be paying for our share. - If he wants to pay, why not let him? We don't have to find the money. We get a new fence. Everyone's a winner. - You don't know how it works in the bush. - Oh, right, the bush, the mystique of the bush, the code of the freaking bush, it's bullshit. You're just too proud to accept a gift. (twanging acoustic guitar music) Oh, god. We have to do the thing. - This is the trocar. This is the cannula. This goes in here. Got it? - Do we really have to put it into the cow through the flesh? - Mm-hm, you punch it (grunts) right into the rumen. - That's really gotta hurt. - Well, do you want a healthy, sore cow or an exploded, dead one? Okay, so you punch it in, the trocar comes out, and so, hopefully, does the gas. Think you can do it? (twanging acoustic guitar music) Okay, so I'll do it. Just try and keep her calm. - How do you know where to put it? - [Claire] Oh, Dad's done heaps of 'em. - You know, I'm just gonna go and make you a cup of tea. Help you to relax-- - (groans) You move, and I will shove this in your stomach. - Right. - Now, as far as Harry Ryan is concerned, if we accept his offer, then we're under obligation to him. There's a thin edge of the wedge. Before you know it, Harry'll be sitting in Jack's chair again, except this time he'll own it. - Oh! (cow yelps) It's okay, Madonna. It's all right, it's all over now. You can relax, sh. - Ah, not quite, that's step one. Now we withdraw the trocar and see if it's worked. (gas hissing) - Oh my god. Oh my god, oh my god, that, it's so disgusting. - (sniffs) Well, from what my nose tells me, I think it's safe to say Madonna will live. - Uh, thanks. Thanks very much. I'd give you a very big hug, but I'm gonna be sick. (Claire laughs) (horse clomping) - Are you sure he went that way? - Dead set, and he hasn't come out. - Okay, well, you go right. I'm gonna go around the back and make a whole lotta noise, then I'm gonna zip back 'round opposite you. With any luck, he's gonna come bursting out this way, and we can take either side of him and herd him back to the gate. Sound good? - Can't we just tell Claire he fell off a cliff and died? - Oh, sure, she'll buy that. (twanging acoustic guitar music) (milk splashing) - Okay, Madonna, that'll do it. (Tess groans) Right. Oh. Oh. Just a little prick. Probably too young to know that old joke. Sorry, Madonna. (cow groans) (grunts) Oh, it's all right. (cow moos) Good girl. You are worth 10 cappuccino machines, any day of the week. Good girl. - Ah, she's doing well. You tried some yet? - Uh, no. - Well, you should. - Right, so I should. (twanging acoustic guitar music) - Good. - Mm, it's interesting. It's, um, it's warm. (milk splashes) (keyboard clacking) - You remind of your dad, sitting there with all the books and the ledgers. - Yeah, and now I know how he felt. - He used to rub his chin just like that, too. - Scary. (sentimental orchestra music) - You know what he would have done? He'd have phoned the bank for a top-up. - Exactly, that's why we're in the poo now. No, I'm afraid that's not an option. I'm gonna have to sell something. (horse neighs) - Sell Blaze? - Yep. - To pay for half a fence no one's forcing you to pay for? - Oh, come on, I have to. - Okay, but just remind me, I seem to remember something about plans for Blaze. - Remind you? - Please, indulge me. - Okay. Well, she's sort of a long-term investment. She'll be the showpiece for our breeding program, for the stud. - Ah, that's right, the stud. The dream, Claire. So you sell Blaze, what happens to the dream? - I'm all done. - Yeah, I know, I was watching, nice job. - Yeah, Claire turned up, a bit stroppy. What was all that about? - Yeah, she turned up here, too. Difficult girl, Claire. - Yeah, she can be, if it backs her. She didn't want a new fence, did she? - Well, you know, Claire finds it hard to accept a neighborly hand. It's my little gift to her. - Are you sure that's all it is? (dramatic synth music) - What? - We walk quietly over to the bull, okay? - Oh, okay. (bull grunting) (upbeat orchestral music) (bull grunting) (bull grunts) You all right, Beck? - Yeah, I'm fine. I gotta hand it to him. - Enough for today, please. - Sure, I think we need a better plan, anyway. - So despite all the business we've done with you in the past, the bottom line is you can't help me? Oh, no, no, no, you've made yourself perfectly clear. (phone bangs) (sighs) Thanks, Meg. Any other suggestions before I open a vein? - Who did you talk to? Was It Joe Flynn? Because Jack and Joe used to go shooting-- - No, Joe Flynn was given the golden handshake when they closed the Gungellan branch. That was some officious prick in some call center somewhere who wanted to know when I proposed to start reducing the overdraft. - Sorry. (Claire sighs and groans) Ah, so we're good for milk. - (laughs) Um, yep. Meg, I thought I might make dinner tonight. You know, get my hand in, you know, give you a night off? - Sure, sure, be my guest. - I'm starving. (exotic percussion music) - Ta-da, lentils with curd. Oops. - Ooh. - Mm, it's actually quite nice. (Tess speaks in foreign language) - That's Indonesian for please eat. (speaks in foreign language) It's, um, a sort of curry with cheese. (Tess speaks in foreign language) - [Claire] Oh, no. - But it's junket with cream. - Oh, it's been lovely, Tess, but, I... - Becky? - Oh, dearie, don't. - Jodi? - Yeah, great, send it on down. - Oh, god. - You'll be off your food, then? (Claire groans) (Claire sighs) (dramatic orchestral music) (Claire laughs) - Major mood swing, you look like the cat that swallowed the cream. - Yep, and the milk and the yogurt and the curd. (chuckles) I know how I'm gonna pay Harry. - Jack's desk? - Yeah. - No, very tempting, but, uh, Jack loved that desk. It belongs at Drovers. - As a favor, to me. Then we're square. - Couldn't do it. The fence was my contribution. Let's just leave it at that. (dramatic acoustic guitar and piano music) Come on, be honest. You'd hate to see that desk end up at Killarney. - This is business. - Okay, best looking and most attractive are not necessarily the same thing. - Well, how are you supposed to tell? - Hard, different blokes go for different things. - What about big brown eyes with, uh, long eyelashes? That's always a winner. - No, think basic. Think big boobs every time. - No, I reckon smaller boobs, toned body. (cow moos) - There. That's our girl. What do you reckon? (upbeat acoustic guitar and chimes music) - Uh, yeah, good, good choice. - You all right? - I will be, if Tess stays out of the kitchen. (bull groans) - Hear that? It's gotta be him. Over there, near the edge of the scrub. All right, now he'll only be thinking of one thing. They get really single-minded. (cow moos) - Where'd you learn so much about bulls? - As soon as he tries to mount, we're in there with our ropes, okay? Wait for it, and now! Jodi? (Jodi coughing) What are you doing? - Nothing. (Jodi hiccups) (horse nickers) - Alex? - Yep? - I want you to go get a couple of boys, put this into storage. - What, are you getting a new one? - Yeah, well, it's not exactly new. Claire's giving me that old thing of Jack's. - What, the big one from the study? - [Harry] Yeah, that's it. - It's not gonna look right in here. - Well, Claire insisted. You know, it's her share of the fence. - What, you're making her pay for a fence she didn't want and can't afford? - Well, I told her it was a gift. I said I didn't want payment. - Well, you knew full well she wouldn't accept that in a fit. - Well, that's Claire. That's women. What can you do? - You could have found another way to let her off the hook. (dramatic synth music) - Just go and get the desk. - What, you want me to get it? - Well, it's better than strangers. - It's gonna look like crap in here. - [Tess] You all right with this? - Yeah, why wouldn't I be? - It's part of Drovers Run. It's family. - I should chuck all this stuff. - No way, we need to collate it. We need to build a realistic picture of where we are. - Realistic? (chuckles) Just what the bank said. - We need a business plan, with all the ideas for the property's development fully costed over five years. That way, we can manage our resources effectively. Then in five years or so, we buy the desk back, maybe. - You didn't tell me about your Harvard MBA. - It's part of my hospitality diploma, business studies. - Hm, really? Full of surprises. - Yeah, to the brim. You want to unplug that? - Ah. - Oh. - (laughs) Oh my god. - What? - [Claire] Get down here. - Oh, gross, 20-year-old bubble gum. - No, no, we used to have tea parties under this desk. - Did we? - Yeah. I had a plastic tea set, and if you weren't driving me crazy, I used to let you play. - Hey, look. - [Claire] Claire McLod, Tess McLod. (both laughing) - I remember when you wrote that. - Yeah, yeah, me too. (sentimental orchestral music) - It was just one of their silly fights. - Yeah. That was just before you and Ruth left. - Hm. - I've made a mistake. - Well, call him. Tell him. (door knocks) - How you goin'? Apparently I'm, uh, here to pick something up. The... Is that right? - Careful! - Wait. It'll still be there when the desk comes home. Betcha. - Claire. I can tell Dad you changed your mind. It's your call. - No. - [Alex] Right on, boys, tie it down. (doors slamming) (engine rumbling) (water splashing) - That must have been hard. - Yeah, well, if Dad had been even a half decent manager of money, I wouldn't be doing this. - It's a bit rough. - Really? - Yeah, really. Jack did a pretty good job for 40 years, and he didn't go blaming other people when things got tough. - No, he just took out another loan. - Why do you think he did that? Because he wanted to keep the property for you and Tess. He used to talk to me for hours about his plans for the future. (sentimental string music) And he always used to say it'll all be all right in the end. - And what was that, Meg? Pillow talk? Just because you had a fling with Dad doesn't mean you can tell me how to run my business. (twanging acoustic guitar music) Have you caught that bull yet? - Uh, not exactly. - What are we, a bunch of amateurs? - Hey! - Right, let's go! All of us. (upbeat country rock music) - I switched the pump off to this paddock and the troughs busted in little regret. - Okay, fill the drum with water. If he hasn't had a drink for a couple of days, it shouldn't take too long. (contemplative orchestral music) Looks like your boyfriend's given us the slip. - (groans) Ow! (groans) - Sh! Get down! - I've got a cramp! - I'm sorry, Claire. We should have caught him yesterday. - Hang on, hang on. There might be something else he'd respond to. Okay, micky bull, if you're out there, listen, and listen good. - This is silly, and dangerous. - What, with Charlie's Angels waiting in the bushes? Hey, micky bull? He doesn't like you, he likes me. Go on, get. For some unknown reason, you find me irresistible. So come on out, big boy. I believe you and I have a lot in common, no real home, parent-less, hunted from one safe house to another, hoping to find a calm refuge in a troubled world. And so here we are, two, two, two, two fugitives, who find their destinies converging here on Drovers Run. I'm sorry, Claire. I don't think this is working. I feel very stupid. No, wait. I'm seeing something move. Yep, definitely something moving. Yep, it is. - [Claire] Let's go. - Here's the bull. He's coming, standby to move. I'm running out of things to say, say. Oh, I don't know if I'm ready for this. I think I'm gonna need a change of undies soon. (bull roars) (upbeat orchestral music) (gate clanking) (all laughing and whooping) (dramatic orchestral music) - Tess? - Oh, yeah, I was just, um, uh, getting my hat. - Yeah, righto. (Claire chuckles) (bull grunting) (alarm clock beeping) (Tess groans) (cow mooing) - Cow. (cookware clanking) (door slams) (Claire clears throat) (whisk grinding) - I was gonna make everyone pancakes, but I can't find the pan. - Can't find anything since Tess cooked dinner. (sentimental guitar music) - I'm sorry, about what I said yesterday. - We didn't think you knew. - (chuckles) A floorboard outside Dad's room creaks. It still does. - Claire, I'd like to explain. - Your business, I shouldn't have said anything. - Um, what kind of pancakes? (whisk grinding) - Lemon and sugar? - Okay. (car honks) - Hi. - What do you know, Tess? - Fences, bulls, punching holes in cows, you know, the usual. - Mm, I love it when you talk dirty. (Tess laughs) Where's Claire? - Um, she's working on the computer, which is on the floor, thanks to your father. - Yeah, well, I might be able to fix that little problem. I'll catch ya. (engine rumbling) (tires crunching) (door knocks) (computer beeps) Not interrupting anything, am I? - (sighs) No, you're all right. - Good, I want to show you something. Give me your hand. - What? - Follow me. - (laughs) What is it? - Stop there. - Oh-- - No, no, no. Do as you're told. Walk. Okay, watch the fern. (Claire laughs) Yeah, it's all right. It's all right. - Hang on, the door's-- - Yeah, yeah, through the door, through the door. - What are you doing? - Okay, all right. Stop here. Voila. You take your desk, you bring one back. That's nature balancing out. (dramatic orchestral music) - You think I want to have Harry's desk in there? (Claire roars) (Claire panting) (Claire crying) - Okay. (door knocks) - [Tess] Who? - Me. - [Tess] Oh, enter. (milk splashing) - Is that all milk? - 100%, Madonna's pumping it out like a dairy. Had to do something with all the excess. You might want to try it. If it's good enough for Cleopatra, it's good enough for a McLeod. (both laughing) It's not ass's milk, unfortunately, but, um, it's great for sun stress. - Yeah, well, not right now, thanks. (sentimental piano music) About the desk... Do you think I did the right thing? - Well, given that you weren't going to accept Harry's gift, which, in hindsight, I have to admit, was a bit dodgy, you had no choice. Anyway, we'll get it back, sooner than you think. In fact, you can forget about Harry taking over Drovers. In five years, we're gonna take over Killarney. (Claire laughs) Love their bathroom. Milk spa bath, unreal. You and Alex, anything happening there? - Naw. (Claire laughs) ("Common Ground" by Rebecca Lavelle) ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪ Common ground, find common ground ♪ ♪ Keep on looking 'til it's found ♪ ♪ Got one chance, that's what they say ♪ ♪ They're all wrong 'cause there are many ways ♪ ♪ You've got to want it, got to know ♪ ♪ That nothing's just as it seems ♪ (thunder crashes) (contemplative synth music) (contemplative synth music) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 