McLeod's Daughters: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 McLeod's Daughters 
 s1e9 - Into the Woods - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 McLeod's Daughters (2001–2009): Season 1, Episode 9 - Into the Woods - full transcript 
 Feral pigs have attacked Roy as well as sheep and cattle, so Claire, Becky and the Ryans go hunting. Meg feels awkward about having Terry over now that Jody knows about them. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - [Narrator] Previously on McLeod's Daughters. - Come on, Becky, you know what ol' Shelly can do for ya. - Apparently he's the best eight-second ride on the circuit. (laughter) - Eight seconds, eh? Slut. - You leave her alone. (shouting) I hear you like to ride. - Very funny. - Now, look, I didn't mean it like that. (chuckles) 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Mum? (gasps) - It suits us, what we have. It's uncomplicated. Terry's a good friend. - And he's really the best you can do? (serene orchestral music) (horse trotting) (clucking) - Come on, Oscar. (tongue clicking) (bone breaking) (axe thud) (music abruptly ends) - [Meg] So, did we lose any more lambs? - [Claire] Three gone overnight, one completely eaten. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - So that's probably not a crow, then? - No. - Fox? Feral pig? - Dog, maybe, something big. Should've seen that second lamb. The guts; had a good go at the guts. - Ate the squishy organs first, that makes sense. - Very high in protein. In the old days, the hunters used to rip the liver out and eat it on the spot. Something wrong, Tess? - I'm sorry, I can't eat this. - Oh, we've turned you off at lambs guts and all that. - No, it's not just that, it's-- This bird was running around this afternoon. - As opposed to all the chooks you've eaten that have just popped into existence already dead and dressed? - I've never eaten anything I've seen alive before. - Well, your loss. (silverware clattering) (dog crying) It's Roy. (whimpering) Somebody's had a go at him. - [Meg] It's gashed his stomach. - He was supposed to be locked up, how the hell did he get out? - Claire, it's Roy; if he wants to get out he'll find a way. - It's alright, boy. - Becky, go and get the .22 out of the study. - Is it that bad? - That rip's very deep. Looks like a wild pig. There's bound to be an infection, for sure. - We're not gonna shoot him. - Claire, look. - I put too much training into him. Just sort him out best you can. (whimpers) - Jodi, get the vet kit. Tess, you wanna give me a hand moving him? - Yeah, sure. - Come on, Roy. - Here, Roy. - It's alright, come on. ("McLeod's Daughters Theme Song" by Rebecca Lavelle) ♪ It'll take some time to find your heart ♪ ♪ And come back home ♪ ♪ You could walk for miles, cross every river ♪ ♪ And find you're not alone ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'll be there ♪ ♪ You're not alone ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'll be there ♪ (birds chirping) - How are you doing, boy? (whimpering) Hey, here you go. You haven't touched your milk. You gotta drink this. That's it, that's it. Good boy. You have a good day, eh? (door shuts) You'll be okay, mate. - How's Roy? - He'll live. - Wild pig, Meg reckons. Isn't it that old boar that takes on the cattle dogs? - Hannibal. - You're going after him. - You been pig-shooting before? Good, need to sort this out. There's plenty to do around here, just stick close to the house. I'll keep this one here, better to be safe than sorry, eh? - I packed the spotlight earlier in case we're out late. - Good idea. Uh, keep an eye on Roy. He needs to keep drinking. - Yes, sir. - I'm serious, Tess, this pig is dangerous. - Yeah, I get it. - You watch your backs. - I don't understand why I can't go, too. - You wouldn't know which end of the pig to shoot. - Sure I would. Whichever end's coming at me. - What? - Well, I'm sure there's a reason you're all throwing yourselves in front of a meat-eating pig but, well, it escapes me for now. - Rose pork and crackling. - There you go. - There goes another food group. - That's so funny. You keep going, pretty soon you'll be the only vegetarian cattle farmer in the world. (laughs) - Hey, what about Madonna? - Yeah, might be an idea to keep her locked up for now. - Me old boar's back. - I don't find you boring. - Thank you hardly seems enough. No, the pig of a thing's been knocking fences down left, right and center, the cattle missing everywhere. - Yeah, we know, Claire and Becky are out looking for him. - You're joking. Maniacs. Well, maybe I should hang around for a while, make sure you ladies are OK. - Oh, yeah? Why would you do that? - Well, we'd rub horse fat all over you. (laughs) Yeah, well, that's all I called 'round for, to sorta let you know about the-- - [Unison] The feral pigs. - Yeah. - Terry just called around to let us know about the feral pigs. - I know you like fresh air, my sweet, and fresh grass. There's a big, bad wolf around. Big, bad pig, actually. Cow-eating pig. Come on, Madonna. (singing) (water dripping heavily) Hello? (knocking) (door creaks) Uh, who are you? - What the hell are you doing here? - Sorry. No, actually, I'm not sorry; I live here. - Oh, yes, sure. And I'm the town mayor. - Excuse me? - You from the city? - No, I've been here three months, thanks very much. Not that it's any of your business. - Get out of here. - You get out of here. I own half this property. - And half of this bathroom? - Yes. - Well, I am showering in that half you don't own. Piss off. - I'll call the police, you know. - Police? You have no idea. I'll go when I'm dressed. - Good. - So? What are you waiting for? Go. - So I walk in on him, this trespasser, and he has a go at me, this neanderthal helping himself to our shower. - Did you ask his name? - We didn't get to do the polite introduction thing, Meg. "Hi, I'm Tess, that's a lovely scrotum." - Look, left his lucky charm. - Yeah, lucky us. - Must've been Vladimir. Was there a truck? - Yeah, ugly thing. - And you kicked him out? - Well, I didn't offer him a cup of tea, no. He was totally nude and raving at me. - Vladimir's been coming here for years. He's the only pig shooter your dad had any time for. - Well, what was I supposed to do? - Well, Tess, you could've offered him a cup of tea. - How can you tell if they're pig tracks or sheep? - Look for the dewclaw, see? There's a few of them, by the looks of it. - Any of them big enough to beat old Hannibal? - Maybe. I reckon he's hooked up with a couple of sows. - Oh, great, we might catch him kicking back, having a cigarette. (laughs) - They're heading up this way. - Those more tracks? - Oh, these are fresh. Yep, they might be close. Real careful now. (gun cocks) (gun clicks) - Whoah, Claire. - Jeez, Alex. - I could've taken a shot at you there. - You idiot, I coulda killed ya. - We thought you were a pig, Alex. - Oh, hardy har. How was I supposed to know you're coming up 'round the corner there? - Well what are you doing this far over? - Same thing as you, by the look of it. - Have you seen anything? - No, but there's plenty of tracks 'round here. - Oh, brilliant, there's tracks all over the place. - It's too dangerous. Some of use should go and hunt on the clining side. - Listen, maybe we should swap partners. What do you reckon? - I was this close to shooting you. - You wouldn't do that to me. Anyway, how can you mistake me for a pig? - Yeah, you're right. I thought you were a cow. (imitates cow) - [Meg] It's OK, boy, won't take a minute. - How cute is that? - Stops him biting the stitches. - How is he? - Better than I expected. Still not good. - Glad Claire didn't shoot him. - She wouldn't shoot Roy, he's her mate, whatever Claire says about working animals. - Tough old Claire, really? - Your dad bought him for her, not long before Christmas. I guess that makes a difference. - Listen, Meg, about before, I'm sorry. I didn't know Vladimir was a fixture, I just saw this naked guy and that horrible necklace thing, and-- - It's woven pig hair. - Woven pig hair? Yes, well, that makes it so much more attractive. - Here you go, Mum. - Thanks. - Yeah, it's like collecting elephant tusks. Why would anyone want to be a hunter? - It's their job. And people like Vladimir take pride in doing it well. - So this guy makes a living out of killing things and then he wears bits of them around his neck? That's not normal. - Well, I saw Naomi Campbell wearing a necklace like that in a magazine. It looked fantastic. (laughs) - I doubt she earned the right to wear it; Vladimir has. - And headhunters are allowed to wear little shrunken skulls. Great. - We're having chicken stew for dinner tonight. And yes, it was a chook you knew. What? - Are you a bit tense, Mum? - No more than usual. - Lot of changes 'round here since I came home. - Soak that for me, would you? - Must get lonely out here sometimes. - Well, I've got you, Jod. Lonely's not a word I'd use. (knocks) - Hi. - Hi. Can I ask you a question? - Sure. - When your mum left Jack, did she have, you know, other boyfriends? - Yeah, there were a couple of guys. No one serious. - Did they stay over at your house? - Sometimes. Is this about Meg and Terry? - Sort of. - Can't get your head 'round it? OK. The thing is, sex is a very important part of our physical and our emotional wellbeing. And spiritual, really. Now, I know it's irky to imagine your mum doing it. But we all have our needs. Now, to deny those needs, well, it's detrimental to our health. Very, very, very detrimental. - So you're OK with it, then? With your mum having her boyfriends at home? - God, no, I hated it. - So how did you cope? - Spent a lot of time at friends' places. - [Claire] Over there. (gunshot) - [Alex] Damn, go left, Nick. - [Claire] Can't see it. - [Alex] Keep it steady, come on. - [Nick] Take a shot. - [Claire] There. - [Alex] Stop now. (gunshot) Nah, it's going into the scrub. - I think you missed. - How am I supposed to get a clear shot when you're driving like a lame duck. - Maybe you missed. - Oh, you want to give it a go then? - Let's go. - Come on then. The pig's gonna die of old age before you get a shot off. (gunshot) - You missed it by a mile. - At least I'm not blaming the driver. - Oh, you wouldn't want to. - [Nick] We've lost it. Left, Alex, swing the light. (gunshot) - Buggers. - Whaddya reckon, push on? - Absolutely, they're out there. - Let's swing down towards the water, camp the night if we have to. - [Claire] Done deal. - Camping; just like old times, eh, Claire? - Except no arm wrestling, OK? And no ghost stories, OK? - You just spoiled all my fun. - We shouldn't have split up. We might end up taking potshots at each other again. - Brick, they're miles away. What? - Nothin'. (frogs croaking) (cricket chirps) - Roy's looking better. - Yep, I got him to drink a little. It's a start. - That's good. You know, if you wanted Terry to come over for dinner or something, then that's OK by me. - Thank you. I think. - And if you wanted him to stay the night, then, um, that's OK also. Tonight, even, there's still time. - I wouldn't do that, Jodi. - No, really, it's OK, Becky said I could stay at her place whenever I wanted to. - I haven't heard Becky say you could stay the night at her place. - Mum, I know having me home has complicated things. But, I've got no right to tell you how to run your life. Besides, we all have needs, and to deny those needs is detrimental to our health. - So you've discussed this with Tess then? - I don't want to be the one to make you unhappy. So, if being with Terry is what you want then you should be with Terry. I just think it's amazing you've managed to find someone. - Yeah, amazing. - [Claire] Anything your end, Bec? - No, Hannibal's going to ground, I reckon. Thought we might stay the night and keep an eye out for him. - Yeah, us, too. Mightn't get any movement 'til morning, though. - You don't let those two give you any grief, OK, Claire? - I've got my gun. 'Night. - [Becky] 'Night. - Oh, she's got a gun. Gee, how will I ever sleep tonight? - Hey, I'm a better shot than both of you. I've proved it, remember? - Get away. 14, you were a girl. - So how come you didn't talk to me for a week afterwards? - Well, that was Nick's idea. I mighta let you win but you beat him fair and square. - How do you cope with the taste of all the manure you spout, Alex? - See? He's still stinging about it, the big blayaz. - Idiot. - Fruitcake. - Try hard, Alex. (laughs) - I look silly. - Mum, you look great. But, maybe. - What? - Maybe another lipstick? I mean, color-wise, you're an autumn person. You need a deep amber or a maroon brown. - You think so? - Mm. - I've got two lipsticks, and they're both that. - Here, try this. - What, you're an autumn person, too? - No, I'm spring but, you know, let's wing it. OK, let me. Rub. There. Perfect. You really look fantastic. - Yeah, scrub up, alright. - Have a good night. - Thank you. (lips smacking) (house music) - They'll reckon we shoulda gone back. - Well you can go if you want. - Nah, it's OK. Just, it's gonna get cold later on, you know? I don't want you getting the flu or anything. Claire needs ya. - Well, it's cold now and I'm starving. - Well, I guess I better get dinner started then. - Better be good. Thanks. - Hi, Ethel. Sorry. At least one of us will get to eat, Roy. Roy. Here, boy. Roy. - Good day, senorita. Hi. (kissing) - Maybe not. - Up to the ol' party ender, eh? (laughing) (gun cocks) - Roy. Here, boy, come on. I don't know why I'm doing this, he's not even my dog. Roy, get back here. This is stupid. Roy? Roy, is that you? (twig breaks) You owe me big time, Claire. (Latin music) - So, what's on the menu, my little tamale? Some of your famous enchilada of verde, eh? - Chile lamb chops; short notice. - Oh, perfect. What about dessert, hm? (laughs) - Do you need to ask? - And breakfast? - I'm hoping. - And wishin'. (laughs) - Roy. Here, boy. (twigs breaking) Which way did I come? (gunshots) Thank god, I've been looking for my sister's dog and I got lost. - Stoned, the bloody cross. You won't leave me alone, woman. - I thought you'd gone already. Anyway, um, look: this is probably the wrong time to apologize but I-- - You think I give a damn? Go home, girl. - Thanks a lot. I'm lost, it's night and there are angry pigs everywhere. - Go home. - Ouch. - Oh, I just cut myself shaving. - Here, let me help you. - No, go to buggery. - Don't be stupid, sit down, what happened? - I wounded animal and he wounded me. - Not the pig. - Hannibal. - You shot Hannibal? - Not the way it should be done. - Oh, and the last time I saw Hannibal. - The alleged Hannibal. (laughs) - It was about, oh, four years ago? I was out with Dad, got a shot off. - And then tell us, you missed. - The bugger charged at the U, just came straight at us. I nearly peed my pants. Tell you the truth, I don't think Dad was for off either. (yawning) - Why don't you get some sleep, Claire? We might need your expertise with a gun later on. - I'll try, but, I don't know. Bit wellin' up to sleep. - You can rest, I think we've had enough Hannibal stories. - You want an extra blanket? Claire. Claire. She starts snorin', I'm leavin' her here. (pop music) (pop music stops) - You're needing a tetanus shot, you know. I can drive you back to the homestead. - You talk too much. - Yeah, but, pig wounds get infected, right? You need a doctor. - I need to finish the job on the beast. That's what I need to do. - But how're you gonna find him like that with that leg, you can't. - I won't need to. He'll find me. That's his lot. It's what he does. - He's a pig. - He's a hunter like me. He didn't ask to be here in this country. He does what he has to do to survive. He should be respected more than most people I meet. - Was it a sign of respect when he tore that hole in your leg? - That was my fault, not his. He's wounded now, and angry. We have to discuss some things, that's all. (bottles clinking) - What are you doing? - Havin' a beer, you want one? - Don't you know you shouldn't drink while you're hunting? It's really dangerous. - Don't you know you get heart attacks from being so stitched up? - Just tryin' to look after you, that's all. - Well, I don't need looking after, but thanks. Do you want one or not? I promise the beer police aren't gonna come. And if they do, I'll throw myself in front of them and you can run. You OK, Brick? - Yeah, it's just cold, that's all. - Do you want to come in here? It's warmer. - No, don't think so. Better stay out here and, you know, keep watch. Just in case. - I'm not gonna jump you or anything, you know. You don't trust me, do you? - No, No, I don't trust myself. - 'Night, Brick. - 'Night, Becky. (gun clicks) - Time to finish this. - But you can't go with that leg. - I'm right as rain. - OK, I know the drill, I'll stay just behind you at all times. (gun clicks) - You're not coming with me. - You're leaving me here? - Go home. Head east, all the way across the paddocks. - You want me to go back on my own with that crazy pig around? Are you insane? - It's me he'll be after, not you. His instincts. (rustling) You should go now. - Vladimir-- - Go. - Fine, you don't want my help, then don't have it. - Girl, don't look for your dog. He'll be looking for the pig. (loud rustling) - Who's there? (scratching) Whoever it is, my boyfriend's here and he's got muscles like Schwarzenegger. (animal screeching) (exasperated gasping) (Latin music) (whistle blowing) - Hey, how low can you go, baby? (whistle blows) - Oh, now, come on, that's cheap. Hey. Senorita, come here, senorita. (whistling) (music blaring) - Just get on with it, you two, and go to sleep. (whooping) (whistling) (screaming) - She's got breedin' plans, you know. Horse breeding. - Really? I haven't discussed it with the Biancs. - Thatta Blaze. Quarter Horse master race. You should talk to her about it, make some plans. - No, no, she'll want to think about it for a while. Nothing wrong with being sure. - Good breeder, that one. Blaze. You watch. (rustling) - Hello? Hello, Vladimir, is that you? (whimpering) Roy. Hello. Good boy. Why didn't you stay in the laundry like you were supposed to? Come on, this way. Let's go home. There we go. Now, you get me killed, Roy, there'll be no more dog biscuits for you. - This is stupid, why don't you come in here and get warm at least? - No, it wouldn't be right. - Well, come in for a cup of tea at least, the Thermos is still hot. - Thanks. - If you're worried about your reputation spending the night with the town bike, I won't tell. - Why do you always put yourself down like that? - Because it's true. - It's not. - It's what people think. - What do you think? Bec, you're strong, you're smart, you always know what to say. You should make people treat you better. You should treat yourself better. I mean, you almost glow in the dark you're that beautiful. Anyway, that's what I think. - Can I ask you a question? - Depends what it is. - Why do people call you Brick? - What do you reckon? - I think it's a brick, I dunno. Doesn't seem to fit. - I can't swim. Well, not well, anyway. Throw me in the water and I sink like a-- - [Unison] Brick. - What's your real name? - Brett. - Brett. - Here I come, darling-- (screaming) - [Meg] What's wrong? Your timing really needs some work, Jodi. - Um, toilet. - Yeah, it's free. - Why don't you guys get some sleep? - I'm OK. - Me, too. (pigs squealing) - Let's go. - I'll drive. - [Alex] You spot me. - [Nick] You got some ammo? Bring it on, let's do this. - I'm so sorry, Mum. I just got a bit freaked up there, you know, I didn't mean to spoil your night. - Didn't spoil anything. Now go to sleep, please. - You know, he can still stay. It's OK, I'll just wear an extra pillow. - Goodnight, Jodi. (brief rattling) - Stop, stop, stop. There it is, there it is. There's more than one, Nick. - This side. - There. (gunshots) (guns cocking) - Did you get it? - Yeah, we got him. But it's not Hannibal. It's a couple of sows. - You want to lend me your fur coat, Roy? (boar grunting) (growling) What is it, Roy? Come on, Roy. Roy. Oh, God. (gun cocks) (grunting) (charging footsteps) (gunshot) Is he dead? - Yes. The animal is dead. - Oh, God, I killed him. - We both got a pig, all bets are off, Nick. - Oh, too scared to see which one's heavier, are we? - Get away. - Well, then put your money where your mouth is, Alex. - We didn't get Hannibal, does it really matter? Becky, you there? Becky? - Claire, what's up? - Doesn't matter, 'cause mine's bigger. - Well that depends which toilet wall we're reading. - We've decided to head home, and the boys have got a couple of pigs for dressing. Little ones. - That'd be right. - [Claire] You gonna meet us there? - Listen, Brett's been up all night on watch shivering. I might let him catch an hour of some sleep if that's OK. - Brett now, is it? - No worries. - So, are we to believe that he's been up all night guarding the camp? Are we all born yesterday? (scoffs) - Ziveli. - Jiveli. Ooh. So, I didn't shoot him. - You're right. But the tree you hit is as mad as a cut snake. (laughs) Now I must apologize. I should have known your dog would follow you and Hannibal. - Well, you did warn me. You saved my life, you know. - I know. (laughs) - Your leg's bleeding again. Why don't you come back with me? Meg's got a first aid kit you could do brain surgery out of. - I have things to do here. - Can't they wait? - They can't wait. I have to bleed the animal and dress it. The intestines must be removed. - Yeah, I get the picture. You do what you have to do, I'll bring help to you. I have your necklace at home. - You keep that one. You earned it. - Yeah, right. I killed a tree, didn't I? Bye bye. - Bye. - Where have you been? I told you to stay in the yards. You're supposed to be looking after him. Roy. - Hannibal's dead. You probably think I dreamt the whole thing, right? - I don't think that at all, I just want to know what happened, that's all. - No, no, no, I get it. Vladimir died here a hundred years ago. And every year, he comes back to haunt the same place and to hunt the same ghost pig. - I don't think ghosts bleed, do they? - See? I told you, it was amazing. I loaded the gun, I took aim, and then-- (mock gunshot) - You shot a tree. - OK, I shot a tree, but that's not the point, right? - No, the point is you could've got yourself killed. Now what would've happened if Vladimir hadn't turned up? - That would've been pretty bad, I admit. - So, tell me, what do you think about Hannibal now? - OK, I'm glad he's dead. - And someone gets a serious pork dinner out of it, is that OK? - Sure. That's farming. - And, Tess, there's another thing. I wanna teach you to shoot properly. It's a skill you should know. - OK, we'll talk about it, just not now. - At least when you can shoot properly trees will feel a lot safer. ("Common Ground" by Rebecca Lavelle) ♪ Common ground ♪ ♪ Find common ground ♪ ♪ Keep on lookin' 'til it's found ♪ ♪ Got one chance ♪ ♪ That's what they say ♪ ♪ They're all wrong 'cause there are many ways ♪ ♪ Got to want it ♪ ♪ Got to know ♪ ♪ And nothing's just as it seems ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 