Oz: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Oz 
 s1e7 - Plan B - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Oz (1997–2003): Season 1, Episode 7 - Plan B - full transcript 
 A recovered Said ostracizes Huseni Mershah for turning his back on him when he was dying--and orders all the Muslims to cast him out. Impressed by Said's power, Groves decides to kill Glynn in his honor, but ends up stabbing an officer by mistake. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [TV static drones] [bright tone] [tense, jazzy music] ♪ ♪ - "The best laid schemes of mice and men most often go astray." That was written by Mr. Robert Burns way the fuck back in 1785, and it still is news. In Oz, we got all sorts of schemes to change our lousy, lonely lives, but no matter how much we plot and plan, something outside our control 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 always comes along and fucks things up. You take Tobias Beecher-- six months ago, if you'd have asked him where he planned to be today, he'd have said at his daughter's fourth birthday party. Instead he's howling at the moon, thanks to some bad angel dust. - [screaming] - Old Vern Schillinger-- before he got to Oz, he wanted to get America back on the right track, the white track. Now Beecher smashed a piece of glass in his pure Aryan eye. [intense, percussive music] Timmy McManus-- he's slowly watching as his dreams for the perfect prison fart away. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And then there's the Reverend Kareem Said. He was working on a way to bring the brothers together, to fight the injustices we endure in the name of justice. He was working it and working it, till a heart attack worked him over. - Huseni Mershah, this is Kareem Said. - Maybe Allah sent me to remind you. Hm? - Sit down. Help--help me! - You must go ahead and die. [straining, groaning] Ahh! Ahh! Male announcer: Black Muslim leader Kareem Said remains in critical condition at Oswald State Penitentiary after a heart attack last Thursday. Said--who is serving five to 18 years for burning a white-owned warehouse-- is an outspoken critic of the American judicial system. - Oh, man, it's almost as if he knew. Man, like, right before the heart attack, Said said to me, he said, "Huseni, "if anything should happen, "I want you to gather up the true believers "and carry out my work, carry out my mission. "Start a holy war right here in Oz. A war that will set fire on the sky." He said, "Tell them, my brother, and guide them." [exhales] Man. - Hey, hey, look who's alive. You know, Said, I gotta tell you, odds were 60-40 you were worm's meat. Yo, Groves, go get Dr. Nathan and tell her Said finally woke up. Yo, you're gonna pull something out, man. - Said, you shouldn't be doing that. - Stupid nigger. - Groves--groves, get a doctor! - You... get my clothes. Now. - Again. - I'm telling you, I'm perfectly well. - You had a heart attack. You nearly died. - But I didn't, did I? Excuse me. - Yeah, this time you were lucky. What if it happens again? - Well, believe me, Doctor, I now know what I must do to keep alive. McManus, I'm ready to go back to Em City. - Okay, but you have to start taking the medicine Dr. Nathan prescribed. Agreed? - Agreed. I know. This way. - People do terrible things to people. That's why we got so many prisons in the world. People rape other people, they rob and beat and cheat other people. But the worst crime of all is betrayal. And there ain't no jail terms for that. - Huseni Mershah! - Praise Allah, praise Allah. - You saw that I was dying, and yet, you walked away? You wanted me to die. - No Kareem, come on, bro. I would never want you-- - No! This man is not our brother he is our enemy. As of this moment, this man is cast out! No Muslim will speak to him, look him in the eye or acknowledge him. You wanted the death of another? Right now you're dead to us all. - Kidnapped the president's wife without a plan. Kidnapped the president's wife without a plan. Yeah, I got a plan. It's etched with a knife in the center of my hand. So I guess I'm going to have to keep my fist clenched, walk around D.C. in the rain till my 'wears is drenched, wait for that motherfucker to take out the garbage and do a press conference about what great shape this country in and when them welfare cuts going to begin. When he pat his dog and kiss his wife goodbye, that's when I move in. I throw that silly ho in a headlock. I muffle her grill so her screams stop. I whisper to her, "Your man ain't here to protect you, baby, he gone!" I dial up my nigga O-North tell him meet me with the Caddy on the white lawn. I toss her in the backseat, I cover her head with a black sheet, put the steel of a grill piece, be like, "If you don't shut up, "I'ma let two shots off in your dome piece, watch you have fits!" If she don't understand, I'ma give her the quick lesson in Ebonics. "I'm gonna shoot you, baby." I take her to my hideout in the low-income houses down the street. I replace her Joan and Davids with purple Reeboks on her feet. I give her four hungry kids, no job, no ambition, no family support and a last welfare check. I give her crappy-ass Medicaid and an ill type of growth growing out the side of her neck. I tell her, "Fend for yourself. Keep you and them shorties in proper health." Then, after sufficient time on that hype, I'll introduce her to the-- [inhales sharply] Crack pipe! Yeah. I'll let her feel its soothing effects as she tries to forget about the absence of them checks. I'll make her sell her jewels for it. I'll make her pay her dues for it. And then I'll come to her late at night-- [smacking] And I'll be like, "Yo, everything ain't "gonna be all right. "You ain't going to be able to go quietly in that good night. Peace ain't going to come till your death be done." And then I'll lead her up to the roof, ha. And I'll show her all the shit she don't own. I'll lead her over to the edge. And leave her there all alone. [crowd murmuring] [laughter] - You can sit at my table, boy. - Yo. Yo, yo, want to play that two-on-two? Huh? Wanna give that two-on-two? - Got it, got it, got it. - Huh? Can I get a ball? Can I get the ball? I can't get the ball? Why don't you throw me the ball, man? Arif, you want to rock some ball, man? Want to play some hoop, huh? Huh, no? Hoop, man. - In the name of Allah, most gracious-- Oh, man, why you gonna do me like this now? Come on. - He is Allah, the one and only. - Come on, you know I would never say that I wanted Said dead. - Allah the eternal, absolute. He begets not... - He's crazy, you know. - ...Nor is he begotten. - No, the medication gone to his head. - And there are none like unto him. In the name of Allah, most gracious and most merciful. - Yo, Said, Said. Don't fall asleep brother, you might not wake up. - [muttering] - Adebisi, Adebisi. Adebisi, yo, my African brother. How you doing? I gotta talk to you. - You and me? - Yeah. - Talk about what? - Uh, it's about Said. Man, you know he's responsible for the death of Jefferson Keane. - Jefferson Keane? Ancient history, baby. - Look, Said, he got to die. - [sighs] I know what's going on, holy boy. And I know they turned their backs on you. Now, you think because we have the same color skin--yeah-- there's some connection? Go, go, little man. Go. [grunting] Try the man next door. - I'm telling you, Said wanna start a riot up in here. He wanna take over Oz. - Do you have any evidence? - No, just what he told me. - We need something more tangible. Has there been any stockpiling of weapons? - Just the usual jobs, homemade. - Mershah, why are you doing this? Why are you giving up Said? - I wanna stop the violence. - That is bullshit. - McManus! - Leo, you know as well as I do why he's here! You're so fucking transparent, it's laughable! Officer, get him the fuck out of here. - Oh, look, look, look, no wait. I'm telling you, man. - Out! [talking over each other] Get out! - His motive for betraying Said isn't important. His information is. - Leo, we're not gonna get anything out of him. He's clearly out of the loop. I want to move him to another cellblock. - Why? - Because I don't want the bad blood that's happening between him and Said to erupt into something bigger. He's out! - All right. When was the last shakedown you had in Em City? - A couple of weeks ago. - Well, I think it's time for another. - Shakedown. [alarm buzzing] [indistinct] [indistinct chatter] - Fuck you, skid. Man, get off me. - What do you got in your pockets? - Shut the fuck up. - Put it in the bag. - Look what I have. - Ah! Ah! - Gentlemen, I can't put you all in the Hole because the Hole is full right now. And I can't transfer you out of Emerald City because all the cells in Oz happen to be full, too. But what I can do is take away your privileges. No TV, no gym, no phone calls for one month. - Gee, Dad, I hope I can still make it to the prom. [laughter] - Two months! You happy, Alvarez? That's all. [indistinct chatter] You know, looks like everybody but Said has a weapon. - Oh, he ain't stupid. - Yo, who was the rat? - I hear it's Mershah. [man singing Muslim prayer] - You know something? Kareem, you're supposed to be an Iman, a teacher, and all you taught me was that your God is full of hate and vengeance. So you better watch out, okay? 'Cause he could turn on you, just like he turned on me. [indistinct chatter] - You wanna kill a man? Stick a shank in his chest. [spitting] You wanna torture a man, feed his loneliness. Fiending for friendship, for peace, he will search everywhere. And when he realizes that he won't find it, he will destroy himself. - I have asked you here because I'm a worried man. The death of Huseni Mershah is yet another example of of the brutality that we suffer here. - But his death was a suicide. - That is what the authorities have claimed, but what I know is, six men have died under bizarre circumstances. Suffocation, fire, mutilation. And the list continues on. And Warden Glynn sits in his office, aloof. Now, the FBI was brought in to do an investigation, but where is their report? - Are you saying it's been repressed? - I don't know. I asked the question in the hope that you, the press, can find out. 'cause we prisoners of Oz, I believe, will sit here waiting for answers that never come. - The FBI investigation into the deaths at Oswald State Penitentiary is ongoing. We're not about to rush it just to satisfy the media or the inmates. We intend to do our work thoroughly and completely. - Your little television show got everybody's attention. But I'm afraid that was your last performance. I'm ordering a press blackout. - Warden, can't you see? Now, why is blackout a big, bad thing? You can get White-Out in a little bottle. - Don't be smug. Don't you be smug with me, you son-of-a-bitch. From the first day you got here, you have tried to destroy everything that I built and everything that I stand for. - Oh, that is pride! [sighs] I know that well. McManus, you've given yourself far too much importance. You see, because this thing is larger than you. It's larger than me. So go ahead, take the media away. Give us a blackout. Censor our letters, tape our mouths shut. There will always be a man to tell the truth. The truth will be heard. May I go now? 'Cause it is time for me to pray. [singing Muslim prayer] [bell rings] - Listen up. Here are some new rules from the Warden. "As of today, no inmate will be allowed to use prayer beads, "prayer mats or special oils for religious or other purposes. "Inmates will no longer be allowed to wear "similar clothing or head apparel identifying them as a member of any group, gang or cult." - Whoa, whoa! No, no! Now, you do realize this is a violation of our right to freely practice our religion. - You can practice all you want. Pray till the cows come home. The Constitution does not guarantee that you, as a prisoner have the right to any stuff. - Easy! - You're going to have to hand it over. Look, this can go one of two ways. I vote for no blood. - This is a meaningless gesture, brothers. Our faith is not in kufis, beads or mats. It is in our hearts. - All right, let's go. - All right, everyone, can I have your attention, please? I've got some news for you all. The FBI report will be released today, and it will state emphatically that Sanchez, Ortolani, Post, Martinez and Markstrom were all killed by inmates. [booing and yelling] Quiet down! The death of Huseni Mershah has been ruled a suicide. [all banging] Stop it! Though it is likely that some correctional officers may have been involved... in a secondary manner with some of the murders. Knock it off! People, if you don't knock it off, I'm not gonna be able to finish. [banging continues] Fine. [cheering] - When you stand up, look in the mirror and say, like Solomon, "I am black, but I am humbly-- - [sharp whistling] - Come on, let's go. - Go, go, go. - Mr. Said... - Hmm? - I just wanted to tell you that the whole thing with the spoons, the whole Allah thing, it's awesome. The salami, I like him. - So what's up? You turning Muslim on me? - Hm? He's a great speaker, that Said. He says our lives are crap because of Glynn and McManus and the rest. Said says that Glynn's guilty of worse crimes than any of us have committed. You ever kill anybody? - Mm-mm. No, I ain't done nothing. [sighs] I got a bum rap, you know? I'm inn-o-cent. - I thought it'd be hard to murder my parents, but it wasn't. - Hey, how'd you whack 'em? - Ah, Ball-peen hammer. - Prisoner #97G414, Donald Groves. Convicted July 3rd, '97, two counts, murder in the first-degree. Sentence: life imprisonment. I think I should kill Warden Glynn. - What? - I think I ought to kill Glynn. - [chuckles] All right, look, this is what you should do, all right? You know that chick, Dr. Nathan, all right? You go to her and you tell her to write you a prescription. I'm telling you, she's got me on these anti-depressants right now and I'm like-- I'm sailing, man. - No. My first idea is best. Next chance I get, I'll murder Glynn. - Look out! - Oh! - Ohh! Oh! [gavel banging] - Donald Groves, convicted August 21st, '97, murder in the first degree in the death of corrections officer Lawrence Smith. Sentence: death. This is a genocide. Killing murderers is genocide. - Groves? - They beat me. - Who? Groves, you have been condemned to die for the murder of Officer Smith. The State gives you the right to choose any method you wish to die. - I shouldn't even be talking to you. You should be dead. You were the one that was supposed to die. - How do you want to die, Groves? Lethal injection, electric chair? - Firing squad. - Firing squad? - Isn't that what they do to assassins? - Fine. I'm going to personally paint the target on your heart. - Warden, Warden... Me killing you wasn't personal, you know? It just had to be done. - When your shift's over, come to my office. I want you to tell me why I shouldn't fire your asses. - Lawrence Smith was an outstanding officer. He was an outstanding human being. And he died for what he truly believed in: justice. I think it would be easier to get angry, to punish all the inmates for a crime committed by one of them. - [groans] Uhh... Ahh... - But knowing Lawrence, I don't think that he would want his death to bring about more pain, more suffering. [overlapping yelling] I think that he would want his death to bring about... peace. [guard laughing] - You want to get a drink? - No, no, I got a press conference. - Oh, that sounds like fun. - Warden? - Yes, Eddie? - Did I hear right-- Groves wants a firing squad? - Yeah, the sick bastard. - Do we have a firing squad? - No, I got to put one together. - I'd like to volunteer. - Why? - Smitty was my friend. - You know, in this case, I'm not sure if that's a good enough reason, Eddie, I mean... this isn't about revenge, it's about the law. But, uh... I'll get back to you. Gloria, you wanted to see me? - Yeah. You're done. Look around--we got a bumper crop of officer-related injuries. - O'Reily, what happened? - He hit me. I wasn't doing dick, I swear, and he just ups and hits me. - Who? - Yeah, right. I tell you, and next time I get it worse. - Take that. Leo, look, since Smith's murder, this ER's SRO! I'm telling you, your officers are out of control. - You've gotta do something. - I know, I know. I know. - "You know." [whispers] Jesus... - Are you saying that random reprisals are justified? - Yeah. - Well, one person killed Lawrence Smith... Groves. The other inmates are innocent. - Innocent? Christ! I didn't expect you to understand, McManus. - What do you mean? - You were never a guard. Huh? You didn't come up through the ranks, like Leo, me, the rest of them. - So I don't understand the anger, the frustration that COs go through? That's fucking bullshit. - Look, Leo, you cannot keep suspending these guys just because they slap some dipshit around. - Well, I can't condone it, either, Lenny. - We're understaffed as it is. You took experienced officers off of the rotation. What're you leaving us with? Newbies who can't handle a crisis. - So what do you suggest I do? - Just let our guys get through Groves' execution. Once he's in a body bag, this whole thing'll fade away. - So in the meantime, they whale on whoever they want? - Reality's hard for you, isn't it, McManus? [bell ringing] [background chatter] - Hi. I'm Officer Gordon Wood, here replacing Vogelsang. - Well, hi. Vogelsang's a good man, but he can't control his temper. How long you been working at Oz? - Three weeks. - Ha. A veteran, huh? - [chuckles] Hmm. - Okay, if you got questions, ask. It doesn't make you stupid. It may save both our lives. - I hear you. Is that Kareem Said? - Yep, in the flesh. - Hmm. He don't look so tough. - Yeah, well, looks are deceiving. - My laundry interests you? - Yeah. I always wondered, uh, famous guy like Kareem Said, is he a Fruit of the Loom or a Haines man? - I don't wear underwear. - Oh. Ha ha. I see. You, uh, you like the wide-open spaces, huh? - That's right. - Oh, well... Asalaam alaikum. [dramatic chords] - It is with enormous sadness and respect that I present to Loretta Smith the Fleishman Medal of Honor in memory of her son, Officer Lawrence Smith, who died in the service of this great State. [reporters chattering] - Mrs. Smith, do you feel justice has been served? - I would like to be able to watch the execution. - Mrs. Smith, I don't think that's a good idea. - Besides, the State doesn't allow family members to be present. If I could help, believe me, I would. - Can I see Groves? - I'm not sure what good that'll do. - I'm not sure, either, but you're going to kill him, and he'll be dead and buried and I won't get another chance. I'm Loretta Smith. You killed my son. You're a handsome fellow. - Thanks. - You broke God's law, "love thy neighbor". I want to hate you, but I can't. I feel pity and tears, but no hate. I didn't realize that until this moment. You are my neighbor, and I love you... And I forgive you, with all my heart. That's all. - [sobbing softly] [footsteps retreating] - First I want to thank you gentlemen for volunteering to serve on the firing squad. Since we announced to the press that Groves chose this method, we've been swamped with phone calls from sharpshooters all over the country wanting to sign up. But the warden and I felt it best if we handled this internally. Warden? - There hasn't been an execution by firing squad in this state since 1872. Fortunately, Lenny Burruano worked in Utah before coming to Oswald. Lenny. - Thank you, Warden. Many people will tell you that firing squads are barbaric, but in fact, it's a lot more humane than the electric chair. In any case, the protocol for a successful execution is proper lighting, proper distance. But you must prepare yourself for the emotional burden of actually pulling the trigger. You should know that one of the rifles will carry blanks so that none of you will ever know who actually fired the fatal shots. [phone rings] [ringing] [ringing] - Hello? He what? I'll be right down. - Patient's name is Donald Groves. - Let's put down an NG tube, pump his stomach! - What happened? - Overdose. - Is he going to live? - Ask me again in 20 minutes. - Save him, Doctor. Did you strip-search him? - Yes. - How the fuck did he get pills in his cell? - I don't know. - Find out! - We're losing him! Start CPR! - Save that little prick. - What's the difference? He's scheduled to die tomorrow anyway. - The law says that he has to be aware that he's being executed. He has to know why he's being executed. He has to be alive, so save him! Save his God damn ass! - Rebadow, what are you doing in here all day? - Hiding. - [chuckles] - Any word on Groves? - Yeah... Dr. Nathan brought him back from the dead. - A resurrection, huh? - Yeah. They delayed execution for a couple of hours. You miss him, don't you? - Groves? No. I've learned over the years not to make attachments. If you do, you spend all your time grieving. - You know what? I think grieving is a helluva lot better than hiding, man. - Hail Mary, full of grace, the Lord is with thee. Blessed art thou amongst women and blessed is the fruit of-- - Father? - Yeah? - I've been thinking a lot about my final words, and I've decided what I wanted to say. I'd like you to write it down and give it to Mrs. Smith. That'll maybe make her feel better, okay? Will you do that for me? - Of course. I think that she'd appreciate that. - It's time. - It's time. - The sky's a nice color of blue. - Blessed Almighty God, the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit... Come upon you and remain with you forever. [dark chords] ♪ ♪ I just have to hear his last words. - You can listen through this. - Great. [slaps paper on] ♪ ♪ - [gasping for breath] - Do you have any last words? - I...just want to say that I did-- [static] - What's he saying? - I don't know, I can't-- Can you fix that? [taps] [sound stops] [gunshots] - He's dead. - No, what did he say? What were his last words? - I don't know. I wasn't really listening. [gate buzzes] - Drinking on the job, Eddie? - No...I'm off duty. As of... ten minutes ago. Want some? - No. I never developed a taste for Mogen David. - Snob. To Lawrence Smith, a fine man who died too young. - Yeah, amen. - Here's to Donald Groves, a freak of nature who lived too long. - Yeah, probably. - I killed a man who killed a man... I killed a man. Although, maybe I didn't kill him, because they-- they put blanks in one of the rifles, so maybe-- I can never know for sure if I killed him or not. Maybe not knowing is maybe worse than knowing... 'Cause at least if I knew-- - Eddie... go home. Sleep it off. - Sleep, yeah... [chuckling] [murmurs] Something tells me I'm not gonna sleep much tonight, either. - "The best laid schemes of mice and men"... I don't get the mice part. Were the mice back in Burns' time smart enough to make a plan? We've got mice in Oz, but they don't seem too bright. It's rats you got to look out for. Our rats come in all shapes and sizes. [playing classical piece] ♪ ♪ - Who the fuck's that? - Some hot-shot, highbrowed cellist. I guess he's a hot-shot, 'cause McManus gave him permission to practice for an hour every day. So I gotta stay in here and listen to him. - What's he playing? - I don't know. I'm a Beck fan, myself. [melody continues] ♪ ♪ - Prisoner number 97D403, Eugene Dobbins, Convicted August 18th, '97, murder in the second-degree. Sentence: 22 years. Up for parole in eight. - This cello was made in 1744 by a man named Johannes Cuypers in Amsterdam. - That's good, huh? - Yeah, it's good. It's priceless to me. That's why we keep it locked in the chaplain's office. - Oh, it sure is beautiful. - Beautiful, but lonely. - Lonely? How does a cello get lonely? - I have no one to play with. - You sound great by yourself. You don't need anybody to play with. - I'm used to playing with symphony orchestras-- 90 to 100 other musicians making music. A cello by itself is just... just not the same. [suspenseful drumming] [thudding] - Kenny... you got any tits, man? Hey, where you going? - I'll catch you later, man. - Come here, hit this before you go. - Naw, man, I gotta go to the bathroom. - Come on, man! - Brother, I gotta pee! - No, don't be a pussy, hit it! Come on. [tense percussive tones] Hit it good. There you go. - Everything I say stays here, right? - You have to ask? - Jackson Vahue. - Yeah, the basketball star. - When he got to Em City, I was excited, you know? I mean, he's always been my hero. - And you don't want him to think you're a wimp, so when he snorts, you snort, right? - Something like that. But I'm not hooked again, Sister, I swear. - Well, you keep doing it, you will be. I'm going to talk to Vahue. - No! - No, no. It's okay. I'll figure out a way to confront him about his drug use without implicating you. And you, meanwhile, you come to the counseling session on Thursday, and stop doing heroin, no matter what Vahue says, okay? - Yes, ma'am. - You know, maybe it's time you got yourself another hero, because to be honest... the one you got sucks. - You're going to do what I tell you to do, or I'm just going to fuck you up. - Yo, Jackson, leave Dobbins alone, man. - You butt out of this, all right? - I'm telling you, man, leave him-- - Yo, fuck-- fuck you! Ah! - Get the fuck out of here, man. - Damn, what the fuck was that about? - Yo, man, you so high on--you was hurting him for no reason. - I don't need no reason! - Yo, he got a gift, man. - If you fuck with it, it will go. - What about my gift? What about my fucking gift? I'm dying in here, man. - We all dying, Jackson! - That ain't no comfort. [cello playing] - We all got problems... Impossible problems. And then we meet someone, who's got bigger problems than we have. Or at least, they can't handle their problems as well. And somehow, their weakness... gives us strength. [trumpet joins in with cello] Simple truth number 62: you help someone... You help yourself. [classical duet continues] So I did what Sister Peter Marie said. I got myself another hero. And who'd've guessed... It's me. Yeah... I'm proud, 'cause my plan worked. I did my best. But unfortunately for Dobbins, my best-- it ain't good enough. - Hey, Nino, you want to play some pinochle? - I'm in the middle of a conversation here. What fucking bog did you grow up on? You stupid mick bastard. Now get the fuck out of here! - Hey, O'Reily. - What? - What do you think those two are talking about? - How the fuck would I know, Ross? - Seem strange to you, Nino Schibetta, fucking mob guy, chatting with the nigger of Islam? - Get lost. Come here... I've been hearing shit. - Yeah, me, too. The Muslims are going to start a riot. - Yeah. Rumor has it that they're armed to the teeth. I'm talking guns, they've organized every cellblock. - If they take charge, me and you can kiss our white asses good-bye. - Yo, maybe Schibetta's just making some kind of a deal with Said. - Then how come we don't know about it? Maybe the old wop's saving himself by giving you up. - You're right, we need to get organized. - Definitely. You got a card in your deck nobody knows about. - Adebisi? - Yeah. - He hates Said as much as we do. - Wouldn't hurt to have a couple of homeboys on our side. - I'll talk to him. - You ready? - Almost. Look, I saw Said talking to Schibetta. You think Said knows about the two of us putting glass in Schibetta's food? - How would he know? - Listen, Adebisi, you hear any rumblings about the Muslims wanting to start a riot? Stop that! - Sure, you know. - If it happens, where are you going to land? - On my feet, as always. - Hey, we supply tits to this whole fuckin' prison, all right? Those doily-heads are going to gun for us. - Don't worry bro, I got your back. - That's all I need to know. - How long is it going to take before he dies? - I don't know, it's not exactly an exact science, you know what I'm saying? - I want him... Dead. Bon appetit. [gate buzzes] - Here you go, Nino. What, you don't like it? I'll get you something else. - No, I'm just not hungry, that's all. - Is your stomach still bothering you? - Yeah! - I told you to go to the doctor. - We got a huge pair of tits coming in tomorrow. Tell your... Tell your pal Adebisi to get his boys ready to run. - You got it. Say, Nino... Anything going down I should know about, between us and Said, I mean? - No... But you would know, when you're supposed to know. I'm going to go lie down. - Hey, Dobbins, you want a salad? - Flush and 40-40 jacks. - I got a marriage and I got 100 aces. Nino... - Jesus Christ. What the fuck is that from? Jesus! What the fuck? - Nino, Nino! - Hey, hey, you don't look so good, man. - Christ! - Hello, Kareem. - Guess you heard what happened to Schibetta. - Oh, yes... Now, that was unusual. The man was hemorrhaging throughout his body. Now, I wonder what caused that. - Bad diet? - Too much garlic. - Is the man going to recover? - The doctor says he's got a chance. - - So meanwhile... We are in charge of his operation. So any business you had with him has to go through us. - Business? I had no business with Schibetta. - You better not be lying. - Is that a warning? - Yeah. - Well, I have a warning for the two of you: change your ways, or you will suffer the wrath of God. - God? I don't see any God. - No God here. - All I see is you, and your bad heart. - You have it so wrong. - I have a weak heart and you... have the bad heart. You can keep my watch. - Thank you. - He's right. You do have a bad heart. - What can I say? I'm a bad-heart motherfucker. - I'll take this one. Hey, Nino. Remember when you called me a "stupid mick bastard"? Huh? I ain't so stupid now, am I? Open up. Sorry, we're out of tomatoes. - If you listen to the poets, they'll tell you that a big, bad event in someone's life changes them. If you lose the woman you love or your legs, you suddenly find a kind of beauty inside yourself. That's what they say, the poets. Truth is, you don't. After a big, bad event, you only become more of the person you already were. - Get out, motherfucker. - Get a fucking doctor! - Fucking bitch, how does that feel, you cunt? - Beecher, you're a dead man! - If you're afraid Schillinger's gonna kill you, I'll place you under protective custody. - Fuck off! Fuck off! Fuck off! Fuck off! Fuck off! - It's after a big, bad event that you find out the real person you always were, inside. - Look what that cocksucker did to me. Turned me into jolly-fucking-Roger, only I'm--I'm not feeling real jolly right now. - Well, Dr. Nathan says that there's a chance they can still save your eye. - Always looking for the upside, huh, McManus? - Beecher's going to get out of the hole soon and it's very clear that I can't have both of you in Emerald City, so I'm trying to decide who stays. - Well, let's see now, he's the crazy fuck who came at me. He's the fuck who shattered the glass that went into my eye. - Are you saying his actions were unprovoked? If I say yes, would you believe me? - No. - You know, the two of you are the same fucking guy. - What, me and Beecher? - You know what it's like being able to see out of one eye? Your point of view gets twisted. You can see straight, but you can't see as far around. What you see is not only what's there. - What's that got to do with me being like Beecher? - You eggheads think the world really is the way you see it. And then when you finally figure out that it's not, that you weren't even close... you get a little bitter, you get mean. - I think you better go live in Gen Pop for a while. - Fine. - Well, well... look who's back. - Hey, prag, Schillinger sends his love. - Fuck off! - Hey! Break it up. [man wolf whistles] - Beecher, you wanted to see me? - I need you to move me to another cellblock. - All the cellblocks are full. - Then move me to another prison. - Do I look like a travel agent to you? Beecher. - What? - Nothing. [grunting] [inmates yelling] - You're an animal! You're an animal. [tense percussive tones] - You're going to die. - Not today! - That hurt! Tie that motherfuckin' Nazi up! - Beecher, come on, baby. Come on. - [screaming] Hey, motherfucker, do you remember this? [all screaming] - He shitted on him! - Oh, what the fuck? [laughter] - Sieg heil, baby! Sieg-fucking-heil! - We think we know what we need. We spend our time figuring out how to get what we want, who can help us, who's in the way. We make our moves and sometimes we get lucky. We get exactly what we want... And life gets worse. Simple truth number 22: be careful what you wish for, brother. Be very, very careful. [tense jazzy music] ♪ ♪ [bright tone] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 