Oz: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Oz 
 s1e3 - God's Chillin' - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Oz (1997–2003): Season 1, Episode 3 - God's Chillin' - full transcript 
 Friction is growing in the wake of two deaths so Said, Wiseguy leader Schibetta and Gangbanger Jefferson Keane are brought together by Warden Glynn, who tells them to keep their boys quiet or else he'll lock the prison down. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [bright tone] [tense jazzy music] ♪ ♪ - In the beginning, God was nothing. So he started making stuff. He made the dirt. He made the sky. He made the water. He made things that swim. Things that slither. Things with legs. I mean, God turned himself into a big shot. Then, a couple of days, or a couple of million years, he breathed life into man. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And he's been sucking the life out of us ever since. - "I am the resurrection and the life. "He that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live." - ♪ It's me, yeah, it's me ♪ ♪ Yeah, it's me, oh, Lord ♪ ♪ Standing in the need of prayer ♪ singers: ♪ It's me, it's me ♪ ♪ It's me, oh, Lord, standing... ♪ - People, we got three murders in two weeks. I got the commissioner yelling in my ear and the press shoved up my ass. The governor's threatening to send in the feds. And my daughter wants to move into an apartment 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 with her boyfriend. [sighs] Can somebody help me out here? - ♪ It's me, oh, Lord ♪ ♪ Standing in the need of prayer ♪ - Post burned Ortolani, so, obviously, the Wiseguys wasted Post. The next move is Jefferson Keane's. - And he's gonna make it? - No, not necessarily. I've noticed a change in the guy, a slight change. Maybe it's 'cause he got married. Or maybe he's just tired of the gangsta way of life. singers: ♪ It's me, oh, Lord ♪ ♪ Standing in... ♪ - We hit this guy hard, right now, all his street instincts are gonna pop back up. This is one case where we can't meet violence with violence. - ♪ In the need of... ♪ ♪ Prayer ♪ - When are we going to kill those wops? You know Glynn is gonna lock this place down any minute. - Yo, you sure the wops killed Johnny? - Kill him. And start with his dick. - Just give me the word, and those wops are dead. - Everything's all right. Just chill. - What, you don't give a shit? - You know I give a shit. I had much love for Johnny. - Well, you ain't showing it. - Yeah, man, last few days, you seem like a million years away. What's up with that? - We also got to find out who ratted on Johnny and kill those fuckers too. - Mr. Schibetta. I know who killed Dino. - I know who ratted on Johnny. I just ain't saying. - How's the white race? - I'll take care of that motherfucker myself. - Okay, you're the boss. - Yo... now, the Wiseguys know that Johnny killed Ortolani, right? But do they know who ordered the hit? Watch your back, brother. You could be next. - Let them fuckers come. Please. - Being in the gang is a lot like being in a religion. You got rules to follow, a leader to obey, and, at the heart, it's about love. "Love thy fellow man" becomes "love thy brother gangster." But what if you stop believing the religion you've been preaching? You come to see that the hole is still in your soul, that the God/love you thought you had is nothing but a hologram. - Hey, Mavis. Yeah, it's me, baby. How you doing? What you doing? [chuckles] Really? What you wearing? Mmm, yeah. Ooh, say that again. Say that again like that. Yeah. Ooh, I like that. Mmm. Oh, baby, yeah. Yeah, now I'm feeling you, baby. Know that. Ooh, now I'm feeling you, definitely. Ooh, yeah. Ooh. What'd you say? You say you want me to spank that ass? Ooh. Yeah, damn. - I gotta be interrogated by Burruano again, like I know anything about Johnny Post. - They cut off his dick and stuck it in his mouth. - Where'd you hear that? - God told me. - Yo, yo, Italian ice, what's up? - You ever hear how the word "doo-wop" came to pass? - No, man, tell me about it. - Well, over in Harlem town, back in the old days, a couple of Italians were giving muscle to a cat running a speakeasy. It was during a set, I think maybe of Billie Holiday. These Italians come into the club thinking they can push a brother around. But instead, the brother finds a blood, and outside in the alley, while Miss Billie Holiday sings the blues, the brother "do the wops," and that's how doo-wop was born. - [laughs] - How'd you like Johnny Post's dick up your ass? - How would you like to put it there? [tense percussive tones] [indistinct chatter] - Ah, shit! [grunting] [alarm buzzing] [indistinct chatter] - I want the SORT team put on alert, and leave word for the commissioner to call me ASAP. [knock on door] Yeah? - Gentlemen, we have a problem. - They know why they're here. I want the violence to stop. Before anyone else dies. Before this place is flooded with feds. Before we have a full-blown riot. Nobody wants a riot, right? Schibetta? - No. - Keane? - No. - Said? - Violence for its own sake accomplishes nothing. - Then spread the word that if one more fight breaks out, I'm gonna shut this prison down so hard, so fast, you won't see daylight till the third millennium. Everybody got that? [indistinct chatter] - What'd you find out? - Said, Schibetta, and Keane agreed to keep the peace. - Yo, so Glynn said he ain't gonna lock us down yet. - It's madness. It's madness. [uncertain ambient music] ♪ ♪ - To belong, you gotta be able to deal. You gotta share power. You gotta share pain. - What's that? - Probably some cannoli or some shit. - Cannoli? - Oh, goddamn! - What? - Motherfucker! Johnny's dick! Shit! Oh, fuck! Goddamn! Motherfuckers! - There's some pain that you don't share. Some pain, like your fingerprints, that's all yours. All alone. [tense percussive tones] ♪ ♪ - Fire! Fire! Fire in this motherfucker! Fire! Fire! [alarm ringing] [guards shouting indistinctly] - You want to tell me what the fuck you did that for? - I was bored. - Bullshit. I've watched you since the day you checked into Em City. I've seen you make cold, calculated decisions. I've seen you restrain loose cannons. Now all of a sudden, you torch your fucking mattress! Knowing it's gonna end you up in the Hole. You want to go to lockup so bad, because why? Someone's after you? - I never ran away from a fight in my life. - Then what? - I just want to spend some time alone. - Well, you're gonna do that. Officer? You know, your brother Billie's coming back from the hospital. - So I hear. - Yeah, but he's not gonna be in Em City. He's gonna be in Cell Block Three. - Fucking fag unit. - Take him to Ad Seg. Keane. Wish you'd learn to trust me. - Hello, Keane. - [grunts] What the fuck is that about? - A little warning. Nothing better happen to Ryan O'Reilly. - Yes! [laughs] [police siren wailing] [tires screeching] [man grunts] [glass shatters] Fuck! - Freeze! Get down! - Don't you move! Check the car. Stay still. - Prisoner #97P904. Ryan O'Reilly! [laughs] Convicted July 12th, '97. Two counts of vehicular manslaughter. Five counts of reckless endangerment. Possession of controlled substance. Criminal possession of a weapon. Parole violation. Sentence: life imprisonment! [laughs] Up for parole in 12 years! [laughing] - So, this dude, he's fiending for a cigarette. I mean, he's about to smoke the stuffing in his mattress, he's dying so bad. So he comes to me, and he asks me for a cig, just one to get him through the night. He begs me on his knees, weeping like a little girl: "Please? Please?" So pathetic. I said no. - You said no? - Well actually, I lied. I told him that I was out, I didn't have any. I don't think he believed me. - And you said no because? - For his own good. He's gotta kick the habit, right? - So you were being altruistic? - Whatever. - So you weren't actually committing a sin. - No, Father. - Then why did you come to confession? - The truth? - Sure. - I figured when I was done, I could sneak a smoke. - They say confession is good for the soul. You go into a confessional, and you can tell a priest anything. Anything! And he can't repeat it. You go into an interview room with your local PD and say what you've done, well, the cops are telling the DA and the papers and everybody else! So you do some deed, and you want to clean your conscience and still get away with it? Well, tell your mama, or tell a priest! - Psst. Psst! Hey, how you doing, man? - Okay. - Can you believe that shit that's going down around here? Three guys capped in three weeks? It's fucked up. - Yep. - You're a lawyer, right? - I was disbarred automatically after I was convicted of a felony. - Even so, how come you ain't appealing your case and shit like that? - I did. My appeal was rejected. - How come? - I was drunk driving. I killed a little girl. They decided to make an example of me, so they sent me here instead of some cushy Club Med. - Maybe you can help me out. My attorney was a raging dick-brain. He just fuckin' rolled over in court. Could you, um, take a look at my case and see if there's any way I can appeal? - I-I didn't do criminal law. I was in litigation. - I'm telling you, man, I gotta get out of this place. - [sighs] Okay. - Ryan O'Reilly. - Tobias Beecher. - When you pray, do you go into a zone? Does the rest of the world drop away? I never been there. God in coma. I can say an "Our Father" and think about lunch at the same time. all: Our Father, who art in heaven... - Some people say that if you don't accept Jesus Christ as the son of God, as your personal savior, you won't go to heaven... but is there a guarantee that, if you do believe in Jesus, you will be saved? Or will God, the great practical joker, leave you hanging? - Hey, sweet pea. How was church, huh? You feeling all sanctified and pure? Get undressed. We're taking a shower. - I already took a shower. - Oh, that's okay. - When I'm done with you, you'll need another one. - So, my assistant got paroled. See, that's what's wrong with this place: you finally break in an assistant, he learns your rhythms, he's good at the job, and then boom! The parole board decides that he's ready to rejoin society. Meanwhile, I am left with a stack of un-typed psychiatric reports. - Sister, I'm glad you thought of me for this job. I really wasn't suited for factory work. - Oh, listen, when I heard you knew Word and Lotus, I knelt down and praised Jesus. - I'm lucky he heard you. He hasn't been listening to me. - Oh yes, he does. He listens. - No, he doesn't. Since I got to Oz, I've prayed more than the night before my bar exam, more than the day my son fell off his skateboard. Either God's hearing has gotten bad, or... he's ignoring me. - No, listen, first of all, quantity of prayer doesn't mean anything. And secondly, maybe he has answered you, only it's not what you expect. - God Almighty, creator of all things... including the loophole. - Come on. There's your desk, such as it is. Tobias. What do you ask for when you pray? - To get out of here. - Oh. You don't need God for that. You just need a good lawyer. - I spent my life dealing with the law, finding ways over, under, around it. And then when I needed it to be there for me, the system snapped back into my face. I was a good lawyer. I was. I was a lot of things. A husband. Father. Son. Brother. Friend. And then I made a mistake-- one huge, huge mistake, but one mistake. And as a result... God took everything. - Listen, maybe he stripped you of the superficial sense of your self, you know, doctor, lawyer, Indian chief, so that you could find the real you through him. - That's what I'm saying. That's what I've been trying to do, but God isn't in Oz. - Oh. Oh, yeah, he is. He is everywhere. He is in you right now, Tobias. - Genevieve is divorcing me. I think she decided when she saw the swastika on my butt. She's gonna take the kids and go live with her parents. If God is in me... he's a tumor. - "Wow"? - It's "Mom". - One of these Muslim monkeys was trying to tell me that Jesus was a nigger. [scoffs] Even quoted from the Bible, trying to back his shit up. - Well, Jesus was from Judaea, so he was probably of an olive-colored skin. - Look at that picture there. Does that look like a nigger to you? - No. - You're getting awful mouthy, aren't you, prag? - No, sir, I am not, sir. - Yeah, I think I'm gonna have to teach you a lesson. Polish my boots. - Yes, sir. - With your tongue. [all snicker] - Son of a bitch. - Hey, law boy. - Yeah? - How's my appeal coming? You been crying? - No. - Ah, sure you have. That's okay, man. I cry too sometimes. Look, you'd have to be brain-dead not to. But I got a cure for the blues, homey. Come on. - What's going on? - Hug the wall. Let's get high. - Count time, gentlemen! In front of your cells! [gate buzzes] Count! 92M758. 93C472. - May the road rise up to meet you. May the wind be always at your back. May the sunshine warm upon your face and rain fall soft upon your fields, and until we meet again, may God hold you in the hollow of his hand. - Where you been, prag? - Nowhere, sir. - You're fucked up. - Yes, sir. - I don't want you doing drugs, sharing needles, understand? - [sighs] Yes, sir. - Listen to me, bitch. I catch you so much as snorting fucking lint, I'm gonna beat the shit out of you. - Yes, sir. You can do whatever you want to me. I don't care. - Yeah, 'cause you're high. - 'Cause God is everywhere, and God is holding me in the hollow of his hand. [chortles] [gate buzzes] - Praise the Lord, and pass the ammunition. - What? - I don't know what to do. I've never done this confession thing before. - I didn't think that you were Catholic. What are you doing here? - I got caught sneaking into the morgue again. You ever seen a guy with his prick cut off? - No, I can't say that I have. - It's not pretty. I-I got put in the Hole. The hack comes around, says that... he'll let me out for ten minutes if I need to see you, so I say yes. - Well, you have to go back. - Wait, father. Maybe I'm a convert. - You can't become a Catholic just to get out of the Hole... come on. - No, no, no, wait, I've been reading a lot since I got here about different faiths, and yours is pretty nifty. - Catholicism is nifty? - You have that whole... mystical transubstantiation bit going. - That's right. Eucharist becomes the body of Christ. - So you're actually eating his flesh and drinking his blood? - That's right. - How can I not get behind a religion like that? - And God said, "Let there be light"! And there was light. Well, that's easy for God to say. He's God. But for the rest of us, finding the light takes time. A lifetime. [tense percussive tones] - Whoo! - [whistles] [indistinct chatter] [jazzy music] ♪ ♪ - Jefferson. Meet your new roommate, Kenny Wangler. ♪ ♪ - Fuck you! [gunshot] ♪ ♪ - Prisoner #97W566. Kenneth Wangler. Yeah, boy! Sixteen years old. Tried as an adult. Convicted July 6th, '97. Murder in the first degree. Sentence: 20 years. Up for parole in six. Ha-ha! Yeah! Ha-ha! - My man here told me that y'all was the crew to get with. I want to be G. - I'll think about it. - What the hell is there to think about? - I said I'll fucking think about it, all right? - We're going to need every man we can get if we're gonna Shakur those Wiseguys. Keep thinking. - In Oz, sometimes, the things you can't touch are more real than the things you can. For instance, fear, hatred, loneliness are more real to me than a shank. And a soul, every day, can grow into something you can almost hold. How fucked up is that? In a shithole like this, to first and finally see the face of God? - Hey, Mr. Said. How you doing? I just wanted to shake your hand. Shake the hand. It's like, I saw you, too, on TV the other day, and the things you said, like, man, the things you said-- I just want to shake the hand of the man who said the things you said. - What's your name, little brother? - Um, Kenny. Kenny Wangler. - Kenny? Well, Kenny... The things that I say out loud, you already know. These are words that are buried deep in your heart. You understand me, little brother? Let's welcome the little brother. As-salaam alaikum, brother. - What's happening? What's going on? - You have been robbed, Kenny. And you have been robbed of a very special gift... and it's a gift that can never be replaced. - What's that? - It's your childhood, Kenny, your youth. But the thief was tricky, because he fooled you by leaving something in its place. Fear. - I ain't afraid of nothing. - We're all afraid of something, Kenny. See, me, I was afraid of being poor. - But see, you've got no fear now, right? - [laughs] Yes, I do. I fear God, Kenny. And I love God. It's what we call "taqwa." - What's taqwa? - No, man, doesn't matter. You want to be in a gang, right? I want you to be in my gang. I want you to follow us. Follow our style. And you can learn to be a real man. [man chanting] [all chanting] [man singing prayer] [all repeating prayer] - Mr. Woodson? Hey. Yeah, is Mavis there? She's out? Where'd she go? [tense percussive tones] What you mean, you can't tell me? Don't tell me you don't know! You track every move that girl makes! Yeah, I'm calling you a liar, motherfucker, cause you ain't telling me the truth! Tell me where the fuck Mavis is now! ♪ ♪ - [coughs] Bitches. All women is bitches. - Yeah man, but we don't know Mavis is cheating, man. - I know. - That boy's 16 years old. He is in for 20, which means he can be out in six. He can be back on the street by the time he's 22. He can still have a life! - Get the fuck out of here, kid. - What? - You heard me. I said, get the fuck going. - Come on, kid. Let's get the fuck out. Later. - You want to rage at the faith? You fear the fire, my brother. Fear the fire. I am done with you. - Reverend. [man chanting prayer] ♪ ♪ [indistinct shouting] ♪ ♪ [gunshot] I-I do. ♪ ♪ I do fear the fire. Save me. ♪ ♪ - No. You save me. - Some say finding God is a glorious thing. They're wrong. It's dangerous. You spend your whole life in the world of men, but when you finally see his power, his greatness, other men fall out of view, 'cause you're so focused on him, you can barely see them from the corners of your eyes. You lose sight of them. - Hey! - Hey. - I'm out of the hospital. - I see. - Are you gonna give me a hug or what? Thanks for taking care of Ortolani. What's the matter? You ain't glad to see me? - Things have changed, Billie. I've changed. And now you gonna have to change too. - Change how? - You have to stop being a fag, that's how. - Stop? I can't stop. I don't wanna! - If you don't stop, I can't protect you no more. - Fine. - If you don't stop, you can't be my brother no more. - Fine! - I'll beat the black off you if you don't stop being-- - No, brother, no! No, no, no. - But I thought you said that we're not down with faggots. - Islam rejects homosexuality, yes. But you are never gonna reach Billie's heart through intimidation. You have to learn to open up yours and show him the way by example, as I did to you... through love. - Reverend, I hear what you're saying to me, but it's hard! I mean, I've been using these my whole life to settle things. - And that's okay, brother. Ain't nobody expecting you to change overnight. We all have to struggle with the devil and his temptations. But you see, it's like this. Right now, you have Allah on your side. And you can call him. And he will come, brother. And he will give you strength. - It's just that I feel so bad and so ashamed of everything I did before. It's like I feel as though I should be... going around to all the people that I hurt and telling them I'm sorry. - Then that's what you must do. You go out there, and you make your enemies your friends. - And my friends? - Well, now you're gonna have to prepare yourself, brother. You see, your faith is gonna be a threat to them. You're gonna have to love them all the more. - Yo, Kenny, I see that drug counseling doing you a whole hell of a lot of good. - Fuck that drug counseling. Fuck it. - What are you doing here? - Yo, Jefferson, what's up, man? - Brothers, my name is now Tizi Ouzou. - Te what? - Brother Tizi, step up. - I'm done with that. - Fuck's the matter with you? - Simon, we been doing it all wrong, brother. The whole package. This is not the way. - I told you, Said's been fucking with his head. - We got to cut out all of this hatred. We need to learn to love one another, embrace one another! The only person we need to be fearing is God. - Motherfucker, shut the fuck up with that shit! Are you still with us? Are you still a brother? - I am your brother. We're all God's-- - I said cut that shit, nigga! You know what I mean. Is you still a brother? - Like this? Doing this? No. - Then get the fuck away from me. [tense percussive tones] ♪ ♪ - As-salaam alaikum. - Homeboy getting soft, man. - That's enough, nigga. Give me that shit. Fucking faggot. Just like his brother. [bell rings] - Hey, I just mopped there, asswipes. What's up, cuz? - Follow me. Be cool. We must repent for what we did to Ortolani and for getting Johnny killed. - Repent? Are you kidding, or are you high? - I ain't gonna rat on you, and I ain't gonna tell no one that you set it up with the hacks to get Johnny in the Hole. - Why you being so good to me? What's the catch? - I tell, you die. And I would much rather you see the sins you committed and, like myself, try to change your ways. - You are high. - As-salaam alaikum. - Mr. Schibetta. Jefferson Keane ordered the hit on Dino. Let me arrange for Keane to die. - Why would you want to do that? - As a sign of good faith between us. - Good faith? - Yes. - All right. - Why you letting him take care of this? - He wants to get his hands dirty, what do I care? Besides, this way, the niggers will kill him. - What do you need? - [whispering indistinctly] - Okay, Keane, you're coming with us. - Why? What'd I do? - Move your ass! - The man asked you a question. What'd he do? - I don't have to explain anything to you, Your Holiness. [tense percussive tones] ♪ ♪ - Where in the hell are you taking me? - Shut the fuck up. [door slams] - What's this about? I ain't got no beef with y'all. I don't want to fight nobody! Huh? - [grunts] - [grunts] - [grunts] - Let the games begin. - [speaking Spanish] - [laughs] - [yells] [yells] [groaning] - Hey, look at that. The motherfucker killed Martinez! - No! No! No! No! No! - Lock it down. [alarm buzzing] - It's a lockdown! Get to your cells! [indistinct chatter] - I-I am deeply concerned by the rash of murders that have occurred in Oswald over the past few weeks, and though I have every confidence in Warden Glynn here and-and his fine staff, I-I felt it was necessary to make an on-site inspection. - And we are always happy to see the governor and engage in a free-flowing exchange of ideas. Now, if you'll excuse us. Governor? [reporters shouting indistinctly] - What the fuck are you people doing? Do you any of you have a fucking clue as to how to run this prison? - Governor, all these deaths are interrelated. We've got an all-out race war in the making, and we're trying to contain the situation. - Well, you're not doing a very good job. - And you're not helping much. - What? [laughs] Who are you? - Tim McManus. I run Cell Block Five. - Oh, yeah. Emerald City. Wave of the future. - You are creating a lot of the tension that we're dealing with around here. - And how am I doing that? - Well, you ban smoking. You ban conjugals. Bit by bit, you're stripping these men of their basic human needs. - This is a prison. These men are criminals. The whole point is to strip them of their basic human needs. If only kneejerk liberal prisses like you would see that, we wouldn't be having the problems we're having today. - The campaign's over, Governor. Get off your soap box. - McManus. When you look at me... what do you see? - A man. - Eh. You've heard of Olympus, right? Mt. Olympus in Ancient Greece, where the gods lived? - Yeah. - Well, there was a hierarchy. Even among the gods. Mercury was lesser than Apollo, Apollo lesser than Zeus. Now, you run your cell block, and you think you're a god. Glynn runs the whole prison, he thinks he's a greater god. Well, guys... I am Zeus. I am omnipotent. I must be obeyed... Or my thunderbolts will strike. - You're not Zeus. You're a politician. - McManus, take a walk. You're not helping. - Fine. - Thank you, Warden. - Devlin, tell me what you want. - One, I want the murders to stop. Two, I want this Jefferson Keane to go on trial. I want him convicted, and I want him to die. He's gonna be the first one executed now that I've brought the death penalty back. Three, end the lockdown. - What? - The public hears the whole prison is locked down, they get tense. They think we've lost control. - The fact that we're in lockdown proves we're in control. - I'm not talking about what's real. I'm talking about John Q's perception. - And what if we have a riot? What'll John Q think then? What'll that do for your political career? - I wouldn't worry about me, Warden. I'm the one with the thunderbolts, remember? - I just got a call from the governor, who got a call from your friend Senator Schreiner, complaining about his interference in Oz. - Well, Leo, somebody's gotta stop this fucking little Napoleon. Kate Schreiner's got the balls to do it. - Devlin is bringing in the FBI to investigate the murders. - So what? Maybe they'll do a better job than Burruano has. - Hey, this is my prison! I don't want the feds running around, wanking my inmates, faxing me memorandums, and the last thing I want, the last thing I need, is for you taking shit like this on yourself. This is your fault, McManus, and I won't forget that. Welcome to Oswald. - Johnny Post got into Ortolani's cell somehow and burned him alive. You think the guards were involved? - Ortolani was strapped down here when we found him torched. - You cut his dick off. Because you're the big don. You can do anything-- - We found Post tied up here. His penis had been cut off and stuffed in his mouth. - I don't understand. How'd it work out that you and Martinez were in the gym with no guards? - The fight took place here. Keane snapped Martinez's neck. [knocking on door] - Come in. Hi. Jeremy Goldstein. - Tim McManus. - Thanks for taking time out of your busy day. - Well, I want these murders solved as much as anyone. - I'm sure you do. Interesting place, Oz. I haven't been called "kike" this much since prep school. You don't have a problem with me being Jewish, do you? - No, not at all. - I mean, you don't think of me as a Christ killer or anything like that? - Well, I'm not even really sure that Christ died, so-- - Good, fair enough. But Dino Ortolani sure as hell did. Roasted by Johnny Post. Think he did that of his own volition? - Probably not. Post wasn't exactly a brain trust. - So someone told him to off Ortolani, but we don't know who. - My guess is Jefferson Keane. - Keane, yeah. He snaps the neck of a Latino, one Julio Martinez... why? - I don't know. Jefferson hasn't said a word except to pray ever since. - I tried to talk to him earlier, I know. Doesn't it seem odd to you that Keane and Martinez were left in the gym unsupervised? - Yes, in the same way it seems odd that Post was let into the Hole to burn Ortolani. - So why would it be too far off to think that the guards are involved? - It's possible. Probable. - How about you? - How about me what? - Would I be too far off to think that you're involved? - Are you saying I'm a suspect? - I'm FBI. Until I got a reason not to believe it, you're a suspect. - Here's a pop quiz! Name the seven deadly sins. Come on! You saw that Brad Pitt movie. Lust. Yeah, well, everybody gets that one, huh? Gluttony, sure. Greed, yeah. Envy. Sloth. Anger, or, to be a little more technical, wrath. What else? What else? Let me put it this way: if you think you know the answer and because of that you think you're better than everybody else, then you're guilty of it! Ha-ha! [tense percussive tones] ♪ ♪ [glass shattering] Prisoner #97A413. Miguel Alvarez. Convicted February 3rd, '97. Assault with a deadly weapon. Criminal mischief in the second degree. Sentence: 15 years. Up for parole in two. - According to this file, you're about to be a father. You've got a girlfriend... Maritza. She's an inmate at Parker Women's. - Yeah, we got arrested together. Ain't that sweet? - I can arrange for you to be there for the birth. - [speaking Spanish] Mira la princesa. [speaking Spanish] - Carlos, he is a handsome fuck. - Hey, Miguel, man, when you fucked Maritza, did you, like, stare at yourself in the mirror, like, the whole time and shit? - Hey, man, fuck you motherfuckers. What's up with Keane? - What about him? - Yo, come on, man. That pendejo broke Julio's neck, right? Yo, he got to get done. - He's in the fucking Hole. - So? Yo, Post got to Ortolani in the Hole, right? - Yeah, I wonder how the hell he did that shit. - Carlos, you wanted something? - Yeah, man. You in the mood to do a little business? - Always. - All right. We need to get into, uh, Keane's cell, man. - So? Why are you coming to me? - I hear things, Papa. - You hear the wrong things, Papa. - Oh, you're not in tight with a couple of hacks? - I don't know what you're talking about, but even if I did, I would tell you things are too crazy right now. Nobody's gonna help nobody do nothing. - Miguel, the hospital just called. Maritza just went into labor. - Oh, shit! [angelic choir music] ♪ ♪ [no audible dialogue] There he is. That's my boy. - Hey, congratulations. - Thanks. - Oh, look at that. - He's beautiful, right? - Yeah, he must take after his mother. - I'd do anything for him, you know, I'd die for him. - Well, you try and stay alive instead. Look, I got a message here. You gotta call Maritza right away. Father. Ever since the baby was born, you know, I-I've been bragging to all the other guys about him. About how beautiful he is and shit like that. I mean, you really gotta admit, I mean, he's the most beautiful baby in the world. So now I'm thinking that, like, like, maybe I went a little overboard, because Maritza called me this morning talking about, like, the baby got a bad liver, and-and he's still in the hospital, and they think that he's gonna die. So now I'm thinking that maybe God heard me bragging so much, and he decided to... you know, punish me. - Oh, Miguel. God doesn't work that way. - I mean, growing up, you know, I knew I was the best-looking in my hood. You know, I told everybody, you know, I was the best athlete. I was the best lover. You know, even my fucking car. So now I'm thinking that, you know, God's pissed off. I'm wondering if-- if you could talk to God for me, and-and tell him that if he saves my baby... You know, I'll stop being such a bigmouth. Could you do that for me, Father? - I will, but... you got to pray to God too, you know? Don't negotiate. You gotta stop bragging for your own good. - I know that. But if my baby dies, you know, I-I don't know what I'm gonna do. I mean, it-it's like I'll die. - Miguel, you should pray to God for your son's health, but you should also ask God to give you and Maritza the strength to face whatever happens. - Maritza says that the doctor says that all this is going on because of the drugs that we did before she was pregnant. You know, and after she was pregnant, you know, people were fucking telling us, you know, not-not to, you know, and Maritza didn't want to, you know, and I thought nothing bad was gonna fucking happen to me. Me. Pray for me. Pray for my baby. - I will. Repeat after me. Oh, my God, I am heartily sorry for having offended thee, and I detest all my sins. - That ain't enough. It ain't enough. God wants a piece of my fucking ass. - We try to figure out what God wants from us. Why he put us here. We try to make deals with him. But God is one tough motherfucker. And we know, to get what we need, we gotta give up what matters most. Anything less... he's not interested. [mass bell ringing] [mass bell ringing] [minimal ambient music] ♪ ♪ [mass bell ringing] - Lamb of God, you take away the sins of the world. Have mercy on us. Body of Christ. Body of Christ. - Amen. - Body of Christ. - Amen. - Body of Christ. - Amen. - Body of Christ. - God knows he's perfect and we're not. And we can never be, but he expects us to be. And he punishes us if we're not, you know what I'm saying? God is the ultimate gangster, the supreme mob boss, you know what I mean? Make us live by his code. Deadin' us if we don't. Yo, he never has to talk to us face-to-face, and he never has to explain exactly why he does what he does, know what I'm saying? Nigga sits up there in heaven somewhere drinking a cappuccino, chillin'. Ha-ha! ♪ Got the whole world in his hands ♪ He got the whole world by the balls. "In excelsis Deo" and all that shit. Ah! ♪ Mmm-hmm ♪ Uh! - [praying indistinctly] [mysterious music] [tense jazzy music] ♪ ♪ OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 