Oz: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Oz 
 s2e1 - The Tip - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Oz (1997–2003): Season 2, Episode 1 - The Tip - full transcript 
 Season Two premiere. In the aftermath of the riot that killed six inmates and two officers, Oz is locked down, and Emerald City prisoners are sent either to solitary or gen pop. A special committee is appointed to investigate the riot. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [static drones] [bright tone] [tense jazzy music] ♪ ♪ - Oz, the name on the street for the Oswald Maximum Security Penitentiary. - [grunts] - Oz, where after months of tension, a riot erupted. [alarm blaring] [indistinct shouting] - Aah! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - You can't get me now, motherfucker. [indistinct shouting continues] [alarm continues blaring] - The unit known as "Emerald City" was overtaken by its prisoners. The governor ordered his troops to recapture it... by any means necessary. [gunshot] [glass shatters, clattering] [gunshots] When the smoke cleared-- literally, six prisoners and two correctional officers were dead, 34 others were injured. - [coughing] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Some overcome by the gas... - [coughing] - Some from the beatings... [indistinct yelling] Some from rifle wounds. [gunshots] Among those shot, Tim McManus, who invented Emerald City, and some say ran it into the ground. [indistinct frantic voices] [bell ringing] [indistinct shouting] The rest of the prisoners were moved to Gen Pop... [overlapping shouting] - Beat your fucking ass. [shouting continues] - Asshole! - I'm gonna kill you! - Motherfucker! [shouting continues] - Fucking bitch! [tense music] - Except for the riot leaders, who were drop-kicked into solitary. ♪ ♪ By dawn, peace descended on Oz. Yeah, right. - Let me just, uh, say this about that. I-I've already started to put together a gubernatorial commission to investigate: one, the causes of the riot, two, the criminal activities of those prisoners involved, and three, the appropriateness of the response to it by Warden Glynn and his staff. - Governor, who will chair the commission? - Well, uh, I've just spoken to Alvah Case, who's the dean of the law school at Kaufman-Ferber University. He's agreed to, uh, lead the investigation. To my mind, there's no more respected jurist in the state. I can assure you his findings will be fair and--and complete and impartial. - Governor Devlin-- - Fuck you, Governor. - What? Am I asking so much? - You want me to come out on your side. You want to close down Emerald City permanently. You want me to say that the prisoners are guilty of everything, and you were totally justified in bringing in the S.O.R.T. Team. You want your hands clean of the blood of those eight dead. - My hands are clean. My conscience is clear. - Well, then back off and let me do what you appointed me to do. - Okay. But keep one other thing in mind, Mervin Suttel is stepping down as state's attorney general. I'm looking for just the right man to replace him. Come in, Warden, we're done. Find the truth, Case, 'cause the truth shall set your fee. [door slams] - [chuckling] "The truth." What is the truth, Leo? Is Devlin guilty? Are you? Leo... depending on what I do find, you could be the one who gets fired. - Yeah. and you may be doing me one huge fucking favor. ♪ ♪ - How they hanging, Vern? ♪ ♪ - C.C.! Hello? Yo, something's fucked! - Oh, great, more Em City prags. You fucks have a hissy fit, now the rest of us gotta sleep on top of each other? Hear me, boys, and hear me good. This is my cell. This is my bunk. You got a problem with that? - No. - [mumbling] How do you like your Katies done? Fried in butter. - Hey. Hey. - [laughing] - I'm talking to you. - Hey, either of you hear what happened to Dobbins or Vahue? - No. - Shut the fuck up. - Were they in the hospital? - I was only in ER, I couldn't see into the ward. - Shut the fuck up! - How do you like your Katies - Beecher! - C.C.! - Shut the fuck up! - Tits! - Beecher! - Hookie, Pookie, Winkie, mum-- How do you like your-- - Shut the fuck up. [laughs] - [screams] Tits! - Chill, little brother. - Who the fuck you calling little brother, man? - Get off me, man! [overlapping shouting] [punches landing] [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ Let me go! - Ladies and gentlemen, let us now pray. Please stand. Lord... we pray for the souls of our friends and colleagues. Officers Edward Hunt and Anthony Nowakowski... and we pray for the souls of the six prisoners who died as well. [murmuring] We pray for the recovery of officers Joseph Mineo and Jason Armstrong, and for Tim McManus. [overlapping shouting, commotion] And, Lord, we ask your blessing on this place. We ask for understanding. We ask for patience. We ask for the strength to forgive. We ask to be forgiven. - I say no negotiations. I say we cut off Em City's water and electricity and tonight when they're sitting in the dark, we fire tear gas in there. - What about the hostages? - Hopefully, the S.O.R.T. Team will reach them. - Hopefully? - So that we might renew ourselves in this important work that we do. Amen. all: Amen. - Blame's a beautiful thing, baby. Blame keeps this whole planet spinning. You can point your finger at the next man, you can shift the weight onto him. You don't have to carry that shit around yourself. You can slide into bed and get a good night's nap. Yeah, right. - [panting] - Mr. McManus? Mr. McManus? Alvah Case. - Oh, yes. [clears throat] Our grand inquisitor. - This is not an inquisition, sir. - Bullshit. Devlin's been trying to dismantle Em City since the beginning. This is his chance. - Ooh, Leo told me you'd be tough. He says you two aren't always in agreement, but he admires your vision, your ideals. - What is it you want exactly? - I want to ask some questions. ♪ ♪ - I have nothing to say. - Governor is busy picking the other members of the commission. In the meantime, I'm doing some preliminary interviews. - I have nothing to say. - Look... ultimately it's going to be up to me to decide if Em City ever reopens. ♪ ♪ - I have nothing to say. [door clanging open] - Minister Said? - As-salaam alaykum. - Alvah Case. I'm here to interview you about the riot. - Is that interview or interrogate? - I guess that depends on what you're guilty of. - There was no riot. - Oh, really? - There was a righteous struggle against repression and injustice. - Well, righteous or not, there are still eight bodies rotting in the morgue. - I grieve their deaths. - Do you mind? - Please. - I understand that from the minute you came to Oz you started organizing other Muslims, converting stone-cold killers, all the while sowing seeds of discontent. - I spoke the truth. - Then speak it now. Oh, come on, Said. You talk a good game about the truth, but how come it doesn't include taking responsibility for what you've done? - I didn't fire those rifles. - Did you create a set of circumstances that caused the rifles to be fired? - The judicial system created those circumstances, not I. Your commission is a fraud, Case. Governor Devlin-- the one man whose actions should be investigated, is the man that appointed you. That's like me getting to pick the injury at my own trial. - [breathing heavily, singing in foreign language] You want to lick my balls? [continues singing in foreign language] [overlapping shouting] - Judge Fee and Mr. Balling will focus on events leading up to the riot. Bishop Callahan and Mr. Dodge will deal with the behavior of the inmates and the staff during the riot. Mrs. Eiduson and Dudley Fried will concentrate on their decision to send the S.O.R.T. Team. - Mr. Case, how long do you estimate the investigation will take? Days, weeks? - Well, it will take as long as it takes. [overlapping questions] - And you're... - Augustus Hill. - Hill. Hill. Hill. Hill. Hill. - Hey, can I ask you a question? Two prisoners got released on the riot. Eugene Dobbins, Jackson Vahue. - Shut the fuck up. - Somebody help him! - Dobbins was hurt pretty bad. You know what happened to them? - My questions first, Hill. So--So tell me in as many words as necessary... What you think led to the riot. [overlapping shouting, commotion] - These men are violent. All they know is violence. - The COs, man, they treat us like shit. - Sometimes the inmates get bored. - They took away conjugals. They took away smoking. - No, it's more than that. You deny a man his freedom, his family, his privacy, his dignity, then all he has left is time to simmer and eventually the simmer becomes a boil. [all chanting] - Said. Said. Said. - We've been hearing whispers that the Muslims were gonna start trouble. - The Aryans are paranoid. - What caused the riot? Two brain-dead crack-head motherfuckers playing checkers. - And then all of a sudden the world imploded. - Fuckin' cocksucker! [overlapping shouting] - We treated the hostages good. - They treated us like shit. - We tried to negotiate. - Their demands were ridiculous. - And then the lights went out. [screaming] - There was tear gas. - Guns. - Tim McManus got shot in the chest. - I saw the side of Rodrigo's head get blown off. [gunshot] - Hunt and Nowakowski were both hit in the back. - What about Scott Ross? - What about him? - Well, according to the autopsy he was shot three times. Once in the head, once in the heart, and once in the testicles. - Yeah? - I was curious. Bullets flying randomly every which way and he gets shot three times in three very precise places? - Yeah, that's right. - They say curiosity killed the cat. What the fuck was the cat so curious about that got him killed? - [singing in foreign language] [banging] [coughs] [singing continues] - Solitary sucks, man. If you really want some company, you just gotta go through withdrawal. ♪ ♪ - [singing continues] I love you. [laughs] - Just what I love, my prison in lockdown, crawling with outside investigators and TV cameras. - What are you afraid we'll find? - It's not what you'll find, it's the way you'll find it. All these questions, they-- they stir things up and God knows everyone's stirred up enough right now. - Leo, who was Scott Ross? - Ross? Ah, he was a biker, drug dealer, three strikes lifer. Why? - Well, I'm not sure yet, but, um... Ross may have been murdered. - What? - During the S.O.R.T. Team's attack he may have been killed deliberately. - What makes you think that? - He was shot three times, almost execution style. And the bullets in Ross' body were 9 mm's, not double-oughts, which were in S.O.R.T. rifles. - The S.O.R.T. Team uses 9mm in a handgun. - Right. - So S.O.R.T. Team member A, he enters the common room in Em City, lowers his rifle, Ross comes at him from out of the dark, he raises his handgun, fires, that's not murder. - You throw a bullet in someone's brain, you pretty much figure he's done. - Well, maybe he shot him in the heart first, or the balls and Ross just kept coming. - Yeah, but the bullet from Ross' brain was in the wall below the command center by a TV set. And the one that went through his heart, was embedded in the floor. So, unless he died falling upwards... - It's murder. [overlapping chatter, grunts] [whistle blows] - In all that chaos, what a perfect chance to off Ross, and get away with it, Scott-free. - That's him over there. Officer Heim? - The bullets that killed Ross came from the same box as the ones that you put in your handgun. - So? - So your gun was used to kill Ross. - Uh-huh. - Yet you don't mention firing at him in your report. - I didn't. - Then who did? - I don't know. [gunshots, glass shattering] - Did you hand your gun to someone? - No. - Was it in your holster when you entered Em City? - Yes. - And then? - It disappeared. - Did you feel anyone take it? - No, things were crazy in there, you know? Happening pretty fast. - So you're telling me... that someone lifted the handgun out of your holster without you knowing? - That's right. - Well, how come you didn't mention that little ditty in your report? - Because I found it on the floor. - Ahh. Officer Heim... do I look like a stupid, fucking idiot to you? - No, sir. - Then cut the shit! You S.O.R.T. guys love your weapons more than pussy. You'd die before letting anyone take it and you'd sure as Christ know it was gone. Who are you covering for, huh? - Scott Ross was a low-life scum fuck just like all those other scum fucks in there. They hurt Armstrong and Mineo. 'Cause of them, Hunt and Nowakowski died. Are you seriously going after some CO 'cause they whacked a fucking pig like Ross? ♪ ♪ Who the fuck's side are you on? - The law. I'm on the law's side. Now you can go. - Thank you. - I never lie. Not 'cause I'm so honest, but... 'cause I have a bad memory and you can't be a good liar if you got a bad memory. Wangler, you okay? - I need some tits, Hill, man. - Tits is the last thing you need, man. - Hey, come on, wake up. Get up for a second. - No. - Come on, man. - No, fuck you, man. - Hey, suck my cock, man, Come on, man, suck my cock. Come on, man. Suck my cock, prag. - Fuck you. Aah! [groans] - Get up. - All right. All right. - Let's go. - Come on. What the fuck, man, let's go. - Okay, okay. [exhales sharply] - Come on. Come on, bitch. Let's go. Yeah, Oh, yeah. [moaning] [screaming] - [spits] - [screaming continues] [alarm ringing] [screaming] - It's okay. Tyrone, I need wraps. - [screaming] - [spits] - [sighs] You still on the job? - Yeah. So are you. - Well, we had a couple of incidents tonight. - Anything I should know about? - Nah. What are you doing in here? - I'm trying to figure this Ross thing through. There were six hostages left when the S.O.R.T. Team attacked. McManus, Wittlesey, Mukada, D'Agnasti, Hunt and Nowakowski. Now Hunt and Nowakowski died during the first moments of the assault and McManus was shot, so there's less of a chance that he killed Ross. - [scoffs] What makes you so sure it was a CO? Why not a prisoner? Ross wasn't exactly beloved by his fellow inmates. - Oh, that was my first thought. That someone used the opportunity to take revenge on a guy... But after talking with, uh, Officer Heim-- who by the way, Leo, is lying through his teeth... I realized he'd never cover for a con. He's protecting one of his own. - D'Agnasti. - Or Wittlesey. Or Mukada. - Alvah, stop! Father Mukada wasn't involved. - You never know. How did Ross treat everyone? - He was a condescending, little prick. - Did he do any harm to you, personally? Physically? - Nope. - What about officers Wittlesey or D'Agnasti? - I don't remember. I'd been beaten pretty badly and I was... Terrified. - Anything else you remember? - My nose itched. But because our hands were tied behind us, I couldn't scratch. - Stand in a straight line. When they come in, you get hit first. - Through it all-- through the tear gas and the gunfire and the fear and the adrenaline in overdrive... [exhales] The only thing I could think of was, "Christ, would someone please scratch my nose?" [gate buzzes] - Tits! I need some tits. Diezles. - [sighs] - [howling] - Shut the fuck up! - Fuck you, you fat fuck. - You hear anything about Dobbins or Vahue? - [groans] - I'm asking you a--D'Agnasti! I'm asking you a question. - I need some tits! - No. [gate buzzes] - Thank you! - [howling] Ow! - You fucking junky fuck. - Shit. - Shut the fuck up before I kick the shit out of you! - Kiss my ass. - D'Agnasti. D'Agnasti. D'Agnasti. - What? - Can I ask you a few more questions? - I'm working here. - I'll be brief. - Ask him about food. These sandwiches suck. All of the hostages were bound, right? Hands behind your back with rope? - Yeah. - When did you get free? - Sometime after the shooting stopped. - Who tied you up? Which prisoners in particular? - Scott Ross. - [howling] - Settle down, Wangler! - You didn't like Ross. - Help! - What was there to like? - Tits! [howling] - Shut the fuck up! [overlapping voices] - Pretty quiet. - What? - Well, compared to your last assignment at Emerald City, this is pretty quiet. [alarm beeping] - Whoa, whoa, whoa, can I help you? - Yeah, I'm here to see my husband, Billy Kempf. - I'm sorry, ma'am, we're in lockdown. - No, no, no, okay? I drove 312 miles. Look, look. It says I'm supposed to see Billy Kempf today. - Well, we had a riot here. Maybe you heard about it? - Fuck yes, I heard about it. I also heard the fucking thing was over. - Yes, it is. - Yeah, so you let me see Billy. - You won't be seeing him today. - No, no, no, no. You don't get it, honey, I drove 312 miles. - Can I help you with anything else? - Yes, you can. You can open those fucking gates... - Can I help you with anything-- Can I help you with anything else? - I don't have to stand for this bullshit, okay! - That's it. Tommy, come here. - Who the fuck do you think you are! I drove 300-- This is bullshit! Don't you fucking touch me! - Maybe it's not so quiet after all. Now, Diane, what happened from the point the S.O.R.T. Team entered Em City? - I told you this already. - I know, dumbass me, I-I lost my notebook. - Well... the tear gas made it hard to see. Tim McManus and I, we ducked behind a column. We heard gunfire for what seemed like forever and then silence. We thought it was over. Tim leaned out and he got shot. - He fell to the floor? - Yes. - And you... - I cradled him in my arms until help arrived. - What kind of prisoner was Scott Ross? - What kind? - Model? Trouble? - Average. - You and me... we're joined at the hip and there ain't nothing you can do about that. - Thank you. Thank you. [gate buzzes] - You ask most people they'll tell you lying is wrong, and then immediately go out and lie like a motherfucker, but that's cool. We all know... lies are necessary. - I was talking to them yesterday. - What'd they say? - They say Tim will be out of Benchley Memorial next week. - Oh, jeez, I feel terrible. I've only been over to see him once. - Hey. both: Hi. - This guy, Case, has he been talking to you? - Yeah, he interviewed me yesterday. - Yeah, me, too. - Did he ask about me? - Not in particular, no. - Mm-mm. - Okay. - [laughs] Hey, Jackson. Yo--You okay, man? How's Dobbins? - He's dead, man. He died. [cello music playing] ♪ ♪ - Fuck. - There you are. - You've been looking for me? - Everywhere, Balling and I have been trying to meet with you all day. What have you been doing? - I've been working this murder angle. - Oh, Christ. Alvah, forget about that. Really. You don't wanna concern yourself with things like that. Believe me, you're looking in the wrong direction. - Well, it's all part of the story, Judge. It's all part of the story. [monitors beeping] - Well, we sedated Adebisi pretty heavily. He should be out for a couple of hours. - Oh, good. I could use a break anyway. - Hm. - And how about you? You ever take ten minutes? - Oh, sure. - Good. Can I buy you a cup of coffee? - I don't think so. - Why not? - You...make me nervous. - [chuckles] Who, me? Listen, I'm the sweetest guy on the planet, ask my mother. - Yeah, well, if we went out for coffee together I wouldn't be sure if you were... interrogating me or... - Dr. Nathan, I swear... - What? - I'm far less devious than you think. I'm a college professor for pete's sake, I-I give lectures, I grade papers. - You train lawyers. - Yes, okay. I'll stop being adorable and just ask my questions. [monitors beeping] [person coughing] [eerie music] ♪ ♪ - Mr. Robson, your glands, the tip of your penis has been severed. - You got your dick bit off. [overlapping voices] - Dick bit off. [laughs] - Absolutely severed. - You got your dick bit off. - Severed, severed, severed... [clangs] - How's it feel? - Weird. - No, shit. - [chanting in foreign language] [banging] - [panting] - [exhaling sharply] - [chanting continues] [banging faster] - [screaming] Get the fuck away from me! Get off me! - Hey! Hey! Hey! - Get off me! - What's going on? - Get the fuck off me! Get off me! Get them off me! - Just another junkie asshole spiraling out. - Let me go! Get the fuck off me! - Hey, hey, hey. Take it easy. - The public outcry against Governor Devlin's decision to use force at Oswald remains high, even as a gubernatorial commission searches for answers. - Guys, help me out here. What the fuck is taking so long? - You want this done right or fast? - Both! I want you to hold another press conference, give them an update. I'm tired of saying be patient, and I am tired of telling them that I have absolute faith in you, 'cause frankly, I don't. - We'd be moving a lot faster if Alvah could just stay focused on the big picture. - What do you mean? - He's off trying to solve a murder that for all we know isn't even a murder. - It's a murder. - Well, if it is, it is only a small part of our overall mission. - I disagree. I think it's endemic of the whole problem here at Oz. - You are so full of shit! - Well, you know, Benji, given the last three decisions you've handed down from the bench, you're the expert on full of shit. - What the fuck is that supposed to mean? - Don't fuck with me. - Guys. Guys! For God's sake. - No! No, forget it! - That's fine. Forget it, I'll resign! - No, I'll resign! - No one is resigning! The last thing I need is for the media to hear that the commission itself is fighting. Now everybody, back to your corners and back to work. - Yeah, right. - The sooner we get this done, the happier we'll all be. [door opens, slams] - [moaning] [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ - [moaning continues] ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ - [moaning continues] - Sweet dreams, motherfucker. ♪ ♪ - Dr. Nathan. Doctor, you know the last time I had a woman tie me down like this, I married her. - Well, if she'd kept you like that, you might still be married. - I feel good. You can let me go now. - No. Before that happens, you, Sister Marie, and I need to spend a little time together. - Nice. - Hey, Doctor, my dick is hard. Is that good? - You tell me. - What are you looking for? - Your impressions of Ross. - You're a teacher, right? - I used to be, now that I'm a dean, I spend less and less time in the classroom. - You know how teachers get favorite students sometimes? Get a real affection for them? - Oh, yeah. - I couldn't wait for Ross to leave the office. - Did he frighten you? - That and, uh, he had a terrible hygiene problem. - Did he ever mention having a sexual relationship with anyone on the staff? - As you'll see in the files, he said a lot of things, he was a compulsive liar. - Do you ever counsel staff members? - Sure. - Did anyone ever talk of Ross, I mean negatively? - Sure. - Who? - Everybody. - Can you be a little more specific? - Come on, you know a nun doesn't reveal the confidence. - You're not a priest. The silence of the confessional doesn't apply here. - As a psychologist, it does. - Then we may have to let a court determine that. - Well, that's fine. I want those files back when you're through with them. Anything else? - No. - Ooh, Ryan O'Reilly. - Yo, yo, that's me, man. - Vehicular manslaughter, reckless endangerment, possession of controlled substances, possession of a deadly weapon, violation of parole. Ooh. That's an amazing list of crimes. - Yeah well, you know, I applied myself. - [laughs] Still, I mean even with all those talents, you must have had a hard time adjusting to life in Oz. - No, I can take care of myself. - Yeah, I can see that. But how? - I'm like the Lord of the fucking Dance. I got moves. - Yeah, I'll bet you do. Of all the guys that led the riot, you were the only one with no fire power behind you. Yet the others included you in all the decision making. - I had nothing to do with the riot. - Oh. Oh, I guess I was misinformed. - I guess you were. - Like I heard from what I thought was a reliable source... That you and Ross... were close. - [chuckles] Close? No. - Mm. That you and he were lovers. - Now, who the fuck told you that? - Ross poured his heart out to Sister Peter Marie. - Hey, look, I'm no fag, pal, but if I were, I wouldn't put my dick anywhere near Ross' scum hole. That cocksucker'd fuck anything on two or four legs. - Yeah, well, what about COs? Did Ross ever fuck one of them? - How about some help getting me out of this place? - Sorry, you're not going any place until the investigation is over. - Oh, well, then how about a cigarette? Oh, this is good. When I'm done puffing on this, I can suck on my own secondhand smoke. - So... - Ross had a thing for Wittlesey. - Yeah? - Yeah. He claimed they knew each other on the outside. Makes sense. They were always sneaking off and whispering to each other. - What's the matter? - This guy, Case, he gives me the creeps. - Why? You got nothing to worry about. He'll do his inquiry, he'll be gone. - Yup. - Right? - Yeah, I guess. - They also say if you repeat a lie often enough, it becomes the truth, or at least you convince yourself it's the fucking gospel. - You run the Aryan Brotherhood, Mr. Schillinger? - I used to. - You have a parole date coming up. - Yup. - You think you got a chance of getting out? - I hope so. My sons need me. - Well, I'd be happy to put a letter of recommendation in your file. - If I help you out. - That's right. Scott Ross. - Poor son of a bitch. - So you were friends? [laughter] Did he ever mention having any kind of a... sexual relationship with Officer Wittlesey? - Sure. Ross and Wittlesey's ex were in the same bike club. Ross said... he nailed her behind her hubby's back, but then again, Ross was sometimes a lying sack of shit, so who knows if it's true. - Did anything go on between the two of them since he came to Oz? - According to Ross, he was banging her pretty regular. - You think he was lying about that? - Probably. - Thank you for getting me permission to come to the library. Lockdowns can be boring with nothing to read. - Oh, no problem. They tell me you know everything that goes on in Oz. - [scoffs] They exaggerate. - You have any idea-- if anything, was transpired between Officer Wittlesey and Scott Ross? - Cigarettes. - I beg your pardon. - Cigarettes was what was going on between them. Wittlesey smuggled them in, a carton a day. She gave them to Ross to sell. Everything was going smoothly until McManus found out. He made Wittlesey shut down the operation. So Ross hated McManus for that. - And because Wittlesey and McManus started sleeping together. ♪ ♪ - Hey, got a cigarette? Yeah, why would you? Ross is dead. It's funny, you know? What a guy can see with one eye, in the dark, through the tear gas. Don't worry. I didn't tell that nigger, Case, a fucking thing. - So what do you want from me? - Well, I got a parole hearing coming up. I think maybe the best thing for you would be for me to be out of here. - So you think Wittlesey killed Ross? - She had motive, opportunity. - I've known Diane for years. Don't walk in here and talk about motive and opportunity! Give me some evidence. - Well, in the heat of the riot, maybe she just lost it. - No. No, it had to be a more specific reason than that. Ross--Ross had to have done something at that moment to get her to pull that trigger. [phone ringing] Hello. Yeah, okay, okay. Officer down at Ad Seq says a prisoner wants to talk to you. - Which one? - Tobias Beecher. [clangs] - Hey, Chief. - You asked to see me? - I got a secret. - About? - S...cott Ross. [chuckling] - Tell me. - If I tell you, it won't be a secret. - Would you excuse us please? Okay. - I bit the tip off a guy's penis. [laughs] - So I heard. - You're not afraid? - Well, I've got my pants on. - [laughs] I used to be a lawyer, you know that? - Uh-huh. - I went to Harvard. - So did I. - Rah, rah, crimson. [laughs] [groans] I've been under a lot of stress lately. I haven't been behaving very nicely. Like this biting thing. But I'm using my time in here to, uh, turn my head around. When I get out of here, I'm gonna be a-- a better person. 'Cause, like, this whole biting thing just isn't working for me, you know? I mean-- [laughing] So as a sign that I'm on the straight and narrow... [sighs] I'm gonna tell you my little secret... and then... I'll be on the road back, right? - Yeah, yeah. - I saw the shots fired. - Which shots? - Check the bullets. - The bullets that killed Ross? - No. Check the bullets in McManus. [chuckling] [knocks on door] Hey! ♪ ♪ [gunshot] - McManus wasn't shot with a 9mm from a S.O.R.T. Team handgun. The striations show he was hit with a 9mm, probably from a glock or a sig-sauer. - Sig-sauer, well, we know there was a sig-sauer in Em City during the riot. - Whose was it? - Kareem Said. ♪ ♪ [door clanging open] - You shot Tim McManus. - No. - Well, if you didn't, who did? - I don't know. - You had a sig-sauer in your possession. - Now, if I say yes, that's another nail in my coffin. Do I look like a fool to you? - Are you comfortable here, Said? 'Cause you know it's up to me when and if you get out of solitary confinement. Now I know how important it is for you to be among your people, leading, guiding, nurturing them. That's gonna be hard to do through eight tons of steel. - You're an academic, right? You know about hypotheses and theories, right? Well, theoretically speaking, if I had a gun when the S.O.R.T. Team entered, here's what might have happened. I might have been underneath the control panel at the command station holding that gun. When the S.O.R.T. Team member came in and started to beat me, and in not wanting to kill anybody... I might have thrown that gun over the side. - Where someone else picked it up. - Theoretically speaking, yes. [indistinct announcements on PA] - I know you've got nothing to say to me, but I have a couple of things to say to you. First, you've got balls. You voluntarily went into Em City to negotiate the release of the injured officers and Diane Wittlesey. You traded yourself for Armstrong and Mineo, putting yourself in what could only be called a jackpot situation. Especially knowing that you'd fall into the hands of Scott Ross, a man you despised. How ironic is it then that he was the one who shot you? ♪ ♪ - Any last words? - Suck my dick. Who told you? - That Ross was the one who shot you? - Yeah. - You just did. ♪ ♪ You know... Oz is just like any place else. Everybody loves to gossip about everybody else. - Not me. - Oh, but they gossip about you. Well, maybe it's 'cause, uh, you're one of the few women around. Maybe it's because, um, there's truth to the rumors. Like, for example, that you were smuggling cigarettes in that Ross could sell. And that you and McManus had an affair. - You accusing me of something? - Yes. Yes, I am. You... You killed Scott Ross. - [scoffs] Me? How did I do that? - Ross picked up Said's gun. He fired into McManus's chest. Bang! You took Officer Heim's pistol and shot Ross. Bang, bang, bang. - That's not possible. My hands were tied behind my back. - No, they weren't. You managed to loosen the binds before it all came down. You told me that after McManus fell to the ground, you... quote, "I cradled him in my arms." End quote. How could you cradle him with your arms behind your back? - Have you ever been in a riot? - No. - You have to understand what's involved. The idea of being a hostage, the mob mentality. You get carried away, you stop being human. You become part of something else. I have made every mistake there is. I have fallen in love with the wrong men, I had a baby out of wedlock, I drank too much, I snorted too much. I have done things to make money, including this job, which makes me dread getting out of bed, but each time I made the choice. I chose to drink, I chose to stop. When my husband got abusive, I chose to walk. I refuse to be anybody's victim. These mistakes I've made, they are a part of me. They are like my skin... and I do not regret what I've done. Do you hear me? No regrets, no remorse. I just keep going. What are you gonna do? - When I know, you'll know. - She has a young daughter, a mother in and out of chemo. - So what, Leo, so what? - So if you expose the truth, you destroy this woman's life and her daughter's and for what, Scott fucking Ross?! Come on now Alvah, please. - What do you want me to say, Leo? - To say that Ross died like the others, from bullets fired by a member of the S.O.R.T. Team in the performance of his duty. - I just read the preliminary draft of your report. - Yeah, what's wrong? - You recommend not filing charges against Said and the other riot leaders?! - From a legal standpoint, the evidence is circumstantial. From a moral standpoint, it's laughable. - I want those bastards on trial, on TV! - Look, Governor, as far as I can see, whatever they did came about as a direct result of your actions! - You exonerated me. - Oh, yeah, yeah. Your commission behaved like good little boys, but you can't have it both ways. If the prisoners are guilty, so are you. - This is not the kind of attitude I expect from an attorney general. - Yeah, well, I've thought about it... ♪ ♪ I don't want to be attorney general. I want to be governor. - [scoffs] What? - I'll see you on the campaign trail, Devlin. Now... [sniffs] I've got a press conference to do. ♪ ♪ [door opens, slams] [camera shutters clicking] It is the considered opinion of this commission that though the riot itself and the deaths that followed are tragic, no one in particular is at fault. [overlapping reporter questions] We do feel that there are certain measures that can be taken to insure that an event like this does not happen again. - Bitch. - [smooches] - So as it turns out, no one was to blame for the riot. In fact, if no one was to blame, that means nothing bad happened. Nothing at all happened. So life can pretty much go on as it has before. Yeah, right. [tense jazzy music] ♪ ♪ [bright tone] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 