Oz: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Oz 
 s1e2 - Visits, Conjugal and Otherwise - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Oz (1997–2003): Season 1, Episode 2 - Visits, Conjugal and Otherwise - full transcript 
 With Schibetta and the prison brass in a race to uncover Ortolani's killer (for very different reasons), we see how inmates react to visits both from their wives and (in one case) family members who are also in prison. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪ "Fuck..." is a four-letter word. "Rape"... is a four-letter word. "Wife"... is a four-letter word. So is "love. "Fuck" is a curse. So is "love". And I don't just mean boys and girls. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm talking friends, I'm talking family. Somebody wanna tell me what the fuck happened to Dino Ortolani? He suffocated an AIDS patient, Emilio Sanchez, and I put him in the hole. I heard you had him sedated. You what? Dr. Nathan put him on four milligrams of lorazepam. He was violent. Since when is it prison policy to drug inmates? What the fuck difference does it make? Your boys had already beat him senseless. The question is who set him on fire? Maybe the Latinos did it. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 To get Dino for killing Sanchez. Everybody had a reason to hate Ortolani. The homies, the Muslims, the Aryans. Everybody wanted to smoke him. Including you. Me? Me personally? You or some other officer. Somebody let whoever lit the match into the hole. Fuck you, McManus. Yeah, fuck me. Hey, guys, the ememy's out there. Lenny, I want you to head up the investigation. Question everyone. Find out who killed Ortolani before Nino Schibetta does. Before the governor sends in the feds. Before we have a full-scale riot on our hands. The niggers did Ortolani. You got any evidence to prove that? Like you guys ever need evidence. You hear one of them admit to killing him? No, but think about it. Who else is there? Latinos? No, burning isn't the spics' style. Niggers burn things. You could've done Ortolani. Yeah, sure. There's no valentines between me and Dino. But when I kill a man, it's because he's standing in the way of my constitutional rights. I kill to protect what's mine, what God has given me. The Sicilians understand that. The rest of these fucks will cut a man for a pair of sneakers, for a fucking cigarette. They are animals. I said break it up! Break it up! Break it up! You stupid or what?! You want some of this? He hasn't come out in days? Not for dinner, not for lunch, not for a shower. Beecher. Hey, what's up? Is he sick? Get lost for a minute, okay? Sure. Hope you feel better, buddy. Your ass belongs to me. So you've been keeping pretty much to yourself lately. Prison is a rough adjustment for anyone, but a man like you-- They burned Ortolani. Yeah. He was tough, strong. If a guy like that isn't safe-- I could tell you you're safe, but that would be a lie. You gotta be careful, respectful. You gotta try to focus on the day you're getting released. You're married, right? You got kids? Your family been to visit you lately? I haven't seen Genevieve since sentencing. That was about a month ago, the kids since... even longer. Call your wife, ask her to come. The first time alone. Let her get a sense of the place. Make a romantic evening of it, just the two of you. "Romantic"? Here? How? Go to see Sister Pete. Ah, here we are. Tobias Beecher. Oh, good, you're married. A lot of fellows in here try to bring their girlfriends in as wives. It's no dice. Once in a while, one of these guys who is married tries to pull off a fast one on me and pass off a hooker as his mate. They do that once, they don't do it again. Now the whole point of a conjugal is not just sex, but it's your wife comes in, she brings food, she can cook for you, you talk to each other. You're together again, you know? Okay. Fill in this form and I'll handle the rest. Where you been, sweet pea? To see Sister Peter Marie. Went to a shrink? About those nightmares you've been having? To arrange a visit with my wife. Oh, a "cunt-jugal". Well, you didn't ask my permission. When are you gonna learn, prag? You belong to me. I make all your decisions, right? So ask me. Come over here and ask me if you can fuck your wife. I-- C'mon, ask me, now. Can I be with my wife? "Fuck my wife". Fuck my wife. Louder, and say "please" and "sir". Please, sir... may I fuck my wife? Louder. Please, sir, may I fuck my wife?! When you ask me like that, I can't deny you anything. I am here to see my-- Tobias Beecher. B-e-a-- B-e-e-c-h-e-r. Okay. Let me see the basket and your purse. They said that I could bring food. Yeah. Step right through here, please. Are you transporting any drugs, weapons, explosives, alcohol? No. Sign this... right here. If I was carrying explosives, why would I say "yes"? Lady, I don't know. The state says I have to ask, I ask. Purse goes in the locker. When you're finished there, you go to room one right here. Hi. Hi. I missed you so much. Holly made a painting for you, but I left it in my purse. The guard asked me about explosives and I completely forgot about the painting. It's of our house. Holly and Gary are standing out front and I'm holding the baby. She drew the dog about twice as big as anybody else. You're not in it. You're not in the painting. I thought I'd... make spaghetti. Please... Honey, just hold me... please. Guard: Let's go, move it, Beecher! Lorenzo, move it! Stay right there. Let's go, Beecher, c'mon, double time. What the fuck is this shit? (phone ringing) Yeah. Got it. Hey, young lady. Me? No, you. We're gonna detain you for a couple of minutes. Put your hands, palms down, on the counter. You got some goddamn nerve. You're in deep shit. Who the hell do you think you are, huh? Wipe that goddamn smile off your face. How was it? Good. "Good"? You come from a night of wild sex with the only woman you love and you tell me it was good? You've got a lovely family. I'm amazed you haven't showed me these pictures before. Amazed and... a little hurt. I hope you don't mind me finding these hidden underneath your mattress. Beautiful. My wife is dead. But I got two sons, 17 and 16. Handsome fucking kids, too. Good Aryan stock, you know? My sons are devoted to me. I am an icon to them because I went to prison for my beliefs. They would do anything I asked them to... steal, maim... kill. Maybe I should have them go visit your family. Huh? Just a little friendly call. What do you think? My sons and your wife? My sons and your daughter? Man: Bitch, herm, maytag, shim... here in Oz, we call 'em prags. I don't know where it comes from but you make a man your prag, he's your prag for life. It's like the old days, when people didn't get divorced. The only way out of marriage is death. 'till death do us part. Donald Groves. You killed your parents and ate them, right? I only ate my mom. I was saving my dad for Thanksgiving. That's festive. What can you tell me about Dino Ortolani's murder? I got in trouble for sneaking into the morgue. What were you doing in the morgue? I was just looking. And they put you in the hole? Yeah. And you were in the cell next to Ortolani's when he got burned? Yeah. You hear anything? No. Not a sound. He didn't scream. He gets set on fire, but he doesn't scream. That's balls. Anything else? I saw them carry him out. Looked like a roasted-- broiled chicken. His flesh was all brown and crispy. He looked good enough to eat. (no sound) What's he saying? He's talking about how taxpayers shouldn't have to foot the bill for prisoner frills. Thank you, Gov. Cocksucker. Therefore, I am introducing to the legislature a measure which would save this state an estimated $3 million a year. This law would eliminate all conjugal visits between inmates and their wives... Get the fuck outta here. Man: Sonovabitch. Okay, guys, listen. Hey, stop talking! If you don't stop talking fast, I'm gonna hang up my "out to lunch" sign. Now get, get-- Get in line! Alright, now, thank you. Pass this on to the fella in back of you. Take a pencil and start filling out the forms. I have counted all the pencils and I want 'em back. If you use any of them as a weapon or if any of one of them is missing, none of you will get a visit! Am I making myself clear? Because if not, I will repeat myself. Man: Yes, that's right, honey. Yes! Yes. (police radio chatter) (sirens) Freeze! Freeze! I got him! Fuck. Fuck. He's dead. You're gonna pay. No, no! Aah! (thud) Narrator: Prisoner number 9-5-H-5-2-2, Augustus Hill. Convicted November 6th, '95. Possession of illegal substances, murder in the second degree. Sentence, life imprisonment, up for parole in 20 years. Hey, you believe this shit? Word. I'm fiending to see my wife. At least you'll get to see yours. What you mean? Fucking part. You think 'cause I can't walk, I can't fuck? So you can fuck? Yeah! Are we talking getting hard or licky-licky? We're talking in and out, up and down, that's what we're talking. Who'd have thought a nigger could get hard in a wheelchair? It's easier for some of us than others. Some people gotta use pumps, some niggers gotta use drugs, get a needle stuck in their dick. The worst one is implants. They slice your dick open and they lay in this kind of like a steel rod to keep the shit stiff. Oh, please. I get hard the old-fashioned way. Good for you. The only problem is, I don't know it. You don't know what? I don't know when I'm hard. You don't know when you're hard? I ain't got no sensation down there, so I don't know when I'm hard, I don't know when I cum. My wife gotta tell me. You don't know if you've cum? You don't get any pleasure at all? What the fuck are you doing it for? For her. You can take a lot of things away from a man-- cigarettes, the gym. You can take his freedom, his legs... but not his feelings. Not his feelings. That's it, baby. Get this off. Pull, pull! Hill: A man loves a woman. Don't matter what kind of man he is. If he loves her, he wants her. He wants her body, he wants her to want his. So you say to him, you can never make love again. You will never touch her in that way again. This is the last time. The last time... forever. If that's not cruel and unusual punishment... I don't know what is. I'm investigating the murder of Dino Ortolani. Lucky me, right? He used to supervise you in the kitchen? Yeah. You ever have any run-ins with him? No. No? He's ordering you around all day, "Boy, do this, boy, do that." That never pissed you off? He never called me "boy". He put your little brother Billie in the hospital. He beat him nearly to death. Ortolani was a scum-fuck, man. You married, Jefferson? What's that got to do with anything? Answer the question. No, I ain't married. You got a girl waiting for you on the outside? Yeah. She know you're a lying sack of shit? Huh? If I find out you had anything to do with this, I'm gonna bury you so deep in gen-pop, she'll never see your black ass again. What do I say when they call me in? Say nothing, Johnny, nothing. Yo, listen up. I'm gonna be running the kitchen from now on, okay? Everything's gonna be the same. 'till we find out who whacked Dino, we ain't selling any contraband to anyone for any reason, okay? I'm gonna set that wop motherfucker on fire next. Shut the fuck up. I ain't afraid of no fucking greaseballs. Shut the fuck up. (speaking Arabic) Allah... Jefferson... the cops wanna see me about Ortolani. Shh. What's up? I'm having a visit with Mavis. What? My girl, Mavis. I called her, told her I'd been missing her. She said she was gonna stand outside. Holy fuck! I told her I've been missing her body. Oh, shit, Jefferson, you the shit. (crowd screaming) Prisoner number 9-7-K-1-8-6, Jefferson Keane. Convicted May 14th '97, two counts, murder in the first degree. Sentence, life imprisonment without the possibility of parole. Fuck! I wanna get married. To anyone in particular? Yeah, my girl Mavis. Mavis wants to marry you in spite of the fact that you're gonna be in here for the rest of your life? Yeah. Sounds like a remarkable woman. She is. Alright. I'll make the arrangements. No, absolutely not. Why? This is a prison, not the Elvis chapel. We got enough shit going on right now as it is. A wedding might help ease some of the tension. It might also be perceived as a reward for Jefferson Keane, who has done nothing to deserve a reward. He's not a model prisoner, no, but this could help turn him around. The guy killed a couple on their wedding day, shot them both down in cold blood. He says the two of them ripped off his package. And that justifies it? No, it explains it. Leo, are you saying you'd be okay with this if he'd waited 'till after their honeymoon? Yeah! Leo... Hey, I believe in the sanctity of marriage. It's a holy ritual, a sacred bond between a man, a woman, and God. A marriage is when a husband and wife live together in the same house, sleep in the same bed. Jefferson Keane and whatever her name is-- Mavis. They can't do that. Their marriage would be a fraud, and I'm not gonna be a party to it. Keane lives in "Em City", it's my decision. That's true, but the lobby is under my jurisdiction, and you try and bring in that bride-to-be through the front door. They don't have a clue what went down with Ortolani, so just chill the fuck out. What about the wise guys? They stopped everything. No more drugs, no more bets, no more contraband. Ain't nothing moving in any direction 'till Nino Schibetta gets satisfaction. McManus: Jefferson! I spoke to the warden. Yeah? He's not gonna give you permission to get married. This is not to say that he's not gonna change his mind, but I think for now, we have to put this thing on the back burner. We can't. Why? 'Cause I'm gonna lose her. If she loves you as much as you say-- You promised me, McManus. now you're going back on your fucking word. A man that can't keep his word ain't shit with me. He ain't shit. I really appreciate that you've come to me. It's just that I love her so much. I'm sure you do. But your desire to marry her, that can't come out of your ego. It can't come out of a jealousy. It can't come out of a fear that because you are in here and you can't have her, no man should. If you love her, you must be careful that you do not deprive her of the fullness of life. No, man, I wouldn't do that to her. Okay. Okay. Now you've told me why you love Mavis, right? Now you explain to me how you know she loves you. Just the little things. It's like, at my trial, she was there every day. I mean, just seeing her made everything so much easier for me. And her face-- I mean, her smile, it's like-- Hell, I ain't got the words like you. That's why I want you to plead my case for me. I'll get you anything you want up in here. You have nothing I need. So what's that, a no? I believe that you love each other. But you gotta take that love, brother, and you gotta trust in the will of Allah. Yo, my girl is pregnant. I screwed her, now Allah's screwing me. (inaudible dialogue) I decided to let Jefferson Keane get married. Because? Kareem Said came to see me. Wait a minute, wait a minute. I come to you on Kean's behalf, you blow me off in a cloud of platitudes. Now Kareem said says God knows what to you, the clouds are parted, the sun is shining. Do you realize how this damages my credibility with the inmates? So I shouldn't let 'em get married for the sake of your credibility? That's right. McManus, how often does a guy like Said come to see us to ask for a favor? Oh, I get it, now he owes you. Yeah. He's gonna help contain the Ortolani situation. He's gonna help slow down the drugs. Which means nothing. Why didn't you tell me that Jefferson Keane's girlfriend was pregnant? Because I didn't know. He didn't tell me that. So much for your credibility. Man, this is some bullshit. Jefferson, the warden was very specific about how this is going to work. So what's this proxy shit? You'll be here and your fiance will be at your local baptist church. You'll both be exchanging vows at the same time and each of you will have someone standing in for the other person. C'mon, Father. Don't this seem fucked up to you? ♪ If I should call you up, invest a dime ♪ ♪ And you say you belong to me ♪ ♪ To ease my mind ♪ ♪ Imagine how the world would be ♪ ♪ So very fine ♪ ♪ So happy together... ♪ ♪ So happy together ♪♪ Yes. Shut the fuck up. With the power vested in me. I pronounce you husband and wife. You're not gonna kiss the bride? Kiss my ass. Congratulations, man. Hill: For better or for worse. Shit, it don't get much worse than this. Yo, man... got a letter from Mavis. Hmm... It's the will of Allah, brother. Asalaam alaikum. Asalaam alaikum. (knocking) What are you doing tonight? Huh? I was thinking maybe you'd come over to my house for dinner. So you sleep here at the prison sometimes? Believe me, I don't wanna. I've been doing double shifts and I live two hours away, so by the time I get home, I gotta turn around and come back. Move closer. If I could, I wouldn't have to do double shifts. I appreciate it, Leo. I can't. Too much work to do, right? You can take a break from saving the world. Even Jesus had supper. And right afterwards, he was betrayed and crucified. I'll try not to take that personally. You got a daughter, if I remember. How does she feel about you being gone for days on end? Please. We live with my mother. Between the two of them, I get the crap beat out of me every time I walk through the door. C'mon, get your coat. I can't, I have a date. A date? Yeah. Oh. Is that so hard to believe? Frankly, yes. I got a dick like every other guy. You need to find a job closer to home. I haven't looked? There are no jobs. You think if the Chevy plant was hiring, I would chose to to come here and baby-sit these piss-pots? I have no choice. I'm just like these inmates, trapped. McManus, get a wife. I had a wife. From what I hear, you had a nightmare. You been checking up on me? Dinner, tomorrow. Yeah, you bet. Have a nice date. God made sunsets full of color. And God made racehorses that run in a flash. God made the orange, the apple and strawberries. But God's greatest creation is pussy. I don't mean to be crude or nothing but you can have all the sunsets, horses and fruit there is. Just give me all the pussy in the world. Fuck, I don't need all the pussy. Just one a day, every day. Down, down! Get down! Miguel Alvarez, I'm Father Ray Mukada. I'm one of the prison chaplins. No shit. According to this file you're about to become a father. You've got a girlfriend, Maritza, she's an inmate at Parker Women's? Yeah, we got arrested together. Ain't that sweet? I can arrange for you to be there for the birth. I don't give a shit about shit like that. You'll probably be paroled in two years. When you get out, you'll wanna be a father to your kid. Is that right? See that guy over there? That's my father. And up in some cell block somewhere is my grandfather. So don't be giving me none of your shit. I get it. You had a miserable childhood, tough. But let me tell you something. You're still responsible for bringing a new life into this world. You are responsible. The same way that I'm responsible for you, for your soul. So get ready, Miguel Alvarez, because I'm gonna be over your shoulder. Comprende, mi amigo? Hey, Ray, you wanted to know, I just signed the papers transferring Miguel Alvarez to "Em City". Miguel Alvarez. Another shining example of how well the penal system works. Guy walks in the front door and he gets stabbed in the chest? Not to mention the fact that his father and grandfather are both inmates here. Yeah, I know. Maybe I should talk to them both about Miguel. The kid's about to become a father and he refuses to accept any responsibility for it. Well, the granddad, Ricardo Alvarez, is in solitary. And having a conversation with the father, Eduardo, is gonna be tough. Why, he's... belligerent? He has no tongue. Señor Alvarez? I'm Ray Mukada. I'm the-- I know who you are. I'd like to speak with you about your grandson, Miguel. What about him? He's an inmate here now. I heard. Maybe you also heard that he's about to become a father. His girlfriend, who he was arrested with, is at Parker Women's. And? I'm trying to get Miguel to accept the responsibility for raising the child. Maybe you can help me. Because I'm his grandfather? I never even seen him. You were a shitty father, your son was a shitty father. Don't you think it's time we break the pattern? I was 18 when I was convicted. Eduardo was a baby. Next time I saw him, he was 18, and wearing the same prison uniform I was. Then my son started mouthing off at everybody here and making fun of people, making threats. Then he started fucking around and with a Haitian. And one night while Eduardo was sleeping, the Haitian cut his tongue out. Yes, sir, I know, I read the report. So you found the Haitian and you cut his heart out. Yeah. So what you're telling me is that you were being a good father to Eduardo when you carved up the Haitian? Mm-hmm. If somebody hurts your grandson, you won't be able to do anything about it, will you? At least not that way. All I'm asking you is to talk to the boy, not for you, not for him, but for the baby that's about to be born. Your great-grandchild. What the fuck? Come here. Who the fuck are you? Come here! Okay. I'm here. Now what? You know who I am, don't you? Yeah. Sex is a mind fuck. A wad of jizz hits an egg and bing-bam you're connected to all these people. These strangers, who maybe got the same eyes as you, the same sort of nose, or maybe they passed you some cell that makes you drink or do drugs even if you don't wanna, even if it's killing you. These gene things are like the shackles they put on us here. They're chains to keep us from moving freely. You gotta be Houdini to get out of them. You gotta be fucking Houdini. Ortolani committed suicide. Suicide? How can he be tied down in restraints and set himself on fire? That's impossible. Even so, he committed suicide. What makes you say that? God told me. God told you? God comes to visit me every once in a while. Actually, he comes more often then I'd like, but he's God. What can I say, that I'm busy, that I'm in the shower? He knows. We talking about a burning bush here? No, it's more like a strobe. A little too flashy, a little cheesy for my taste. And God told you Ortolani committed suicide. Well, that the kid wanted to die, and consciously or "un", he set up the circumstances where he'd be killed. God happen to tell you who did it? No. I didn't think so. But he told me to tell you to tell Nino Schibetta not to seek revenge. Why didn't you tell Schibetta? Just 'cause I talk to God doesn't mean I'm crazy. How's your mother? Not good, Poppa, not good at all. Doctor says she ain't got long. Who is this doctor? He's a specialist, the best. I don't know. Is he Jewish? I don't know. His name's Dr. Bednarek, Dr. Russo recommended him. Get a Jew. Hey... don't. Okay. What else? Dino's funeral's tomorrow. How are his parents taking it? How do you think? Paolo is philosophical and Maria wants revenge. Yep. Tell her she's got it. Okay. Guard: C'mon, Nino, you know the drill. (police radio chatter) Prisoner number 9-5-S-6-0-4, Nino Schibetta. Convicted December 12th, '95, two counts, conspiracy to commit murder. Sentence, 120 years, up for parole in 70. I'm gonna arrange for you to visit your wife in the hospital. That's very considerate of you. But, forgive me, I'm cynical by nature. Why are you being so considerate to me? It's hard enough her being this ill without you being able to... Say goodbye? What do you want from me? Your continued patience. You're gonna find out who killed Dino. And you're gonna bring him to justice. Now you're laughing at me. As I said, I'm a cynical bastard. No one wants a riot. True. I would like to see my wife. Then we have a deal. No. Look, I know you're supposed to be my sponsor and all that shit, show me the ropes. I don't need any help, alright? O'Reily, that's Irish, right? Yeah, you got a problem with that? I run the Aryan Brotherhood. And you're doing a hell of a job. When we heard somebody was transferring in from the gen-pop, we all got kind of curious, 'cause it doesn't happen that often. I saw you being all pall-sy with that hack. Yeah, I'm much loved. Yeah, you got friends. You got another friend if you want. I'll see ya. Hey, by the way, whose cell was this beforehand? Dino Ortolani's. Mr. Schibetta requests your company. Thank you for coming. Sit. Dino Ortolani's death has upset me very deeply. I am obviously hoping to learn who killed him, especially in such a hideous fashion. Has he gotta be in here? Nick: Joey. I know there was bad blood between you and Dino. I didn't burn him. I'm not accusing, I'm extending my hand. Dino is dead. Nothing can change that. But if you could see a way to help us find his murderer, I would show you my appreciation, my forgiveness for your past indiscretions. Honestly, I don't know who offed Dino. And, with no disrespect, I can't say I'm unhappy about it. But your friendship would mean a lot to me. So if I hear anything, I'll come to you first. That's all I ask. He knows. Schibetta ain't gonna rest 'till he knows who done it. You wanna be around when he finds out you were involved? We gotta give him Johnny Post. Fuck that. We give him Post, it all goes away. Maybe you micks work like that, but I would never rat on a brother. Then what do you say we do? Chill 'till it fades. Sicilians don't forget. Sicilians don't let things fade. He's awful chummy with the mullanja. Could mean nothing. You wanna talk to Keane? Not yet. Get word to Burruano, he should bring O'reily in for a little fishing trip. She's a hooker. She's a hooker, I tell ya, I've been there. You're shitting me about this. The St. Pauli sector of Hamburg, Germany, is the red light district. So you tell me what a St. Pauli girl does after she takes off her apron. And I always thought the little bitch was smiling just for me. You got a cigarette? Yeah, sure. You don't know, this ban against smoking-- can you believe that shit? Here's what we got on Dino Ortolani's murder, Ryan. Jefferson Keane and his crew did it. Really? Yeah. I don't know which one lit the match, but it makes sense. Ortolani put Kean's brother in I.C.U. That kind of thing don't go unpunished around here. Uh-uh. What has me fucked up is, who arranged for the guy who did the deed to get in the hole? That would have to be a well-connected sonovabitch. Connected to two officers on duty. The niggers could've just paid a hack to let 'em in. No, an inmate arranged it all, and now I know who that inmate is. You do? Sure. The same guy connected enough to get moved from gen-pop into Emerald City. The same guy who Ortolani shot in the chest... you. Me. You're kidding me, right? Eventually, I'm gonna get the little fuck who killed Ortolani and he's gonna start singing, and the only name that fucking nigger is gonna rap is the skinny-assed white boy's. My advice to you is to give 'em up now or shut 'em up soon. Thanks for stopping by. Mr. Schibetta, I know who killed Dino. Can I help you? Black ten on the jack. Thanks. I'm very sorry, Nino. She's been sick, you know... for the past year... cancer. So it's not unexpected. But even so... Is there anything I can do? I'm very grateful for you concern. I'd just like to be alone for a little while. Sure. Let me know if you need anything. I'm sorry about Ange, skipper. Such a good woman, such a patient woman. I'm not the easiest man to live with, you know? Believe me, I know. I want Angie's funeral to be magnificent. I want a golden-bronze casket, red velvet interior. At the wake, I want, on both sides of her, calla lilies. She held them on her wedding day. Get that actor she likes to be one of her pallbearers. Which actor? He's a big movie star, what's his name? He was in that movie where the thing blew up. I know who you mean, tall guy. And Lena Horne. As a pallbearer? To sing a hymn. Tell the cardinal to go easy on the incense. The smell makes, makes my-- Oh, Jesus, Angie! I'm gonna ask you this once: Who paid you to kill Dino Ortolani? Fuck you! Fuck you, you fucking dago! Before I did it, I fucked him up the ass. Kill him. Start with his dick. What the fuck y'all gonna do, huh? Fuckin' dagos. Fuck you! Sex and death. They're different, but the same. To reach that final moment, that climax, you gotta give up control of your body... of your soul... Another inmate at Oswald State Penitentiary was murdered yesterday. The second such incident in as many weeks. John Post, a drug dealer serving life, was found in a utility closet at the prison, mutilated. His fingers missing and several stab wounds to his heart. Authorities are investigating both murders but still have no suspects. In a related story, state legislators have overwhelmingly passed a bill banning conjugal visits between inmates and their wives. Gov. James Devlin has hailed the vote as a victory for law-abiding citizens. Hill: And love? Well, if sex is sweet and death is bitter, love is both. Love will always and forever break your heart. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 