Oz: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Oz 
 s2e3 - Great Men - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Oz (1997–2003): Season 2, Episode 3 - Great Men - full transcript 
 Alvarez knows who raped Glynn's daughter, but refuses to tell the warden. Wangler is making progress at school, but his cellmate, Adebisi, isn't a fan of higher education. When Hill's judge... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [bright tone] [tense jazzy music] ♪ ♪ [party horns blaring] - The end of the century is coming, y'all! End of the millennium. A lot of lists being printed about who's the greatest person of the past 1,000 years. By great, they mean who had the most impact, Einstein, Edison, Freud. I can tell you one thing for sure. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [horn blares] My name won't be on that list. [laughs] Neither will anyone else's here in Oz. [speaking Spanish] [men chanting] Hey. You know, I think I got you. I think I got a piece of information for you. - Really? - Mm-hmm. It's about Glynn and his daughter. - You mean that she was brutally raped and is in the hospital? - Shit, how'd you know that? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Well, I know one thing I know you don't know. - What's that? - Who raped Glynn's daughter. - You're right, I don't. - Yeah, I do. [laughs] - How do you know who did it? Oh, that's because I was just talking to him on the phone. [knocking] - Come in. Richie. - Father. - What's up? - I love to take it in the ass. - Uh-huh. - I know lots of people think that's perverse, but it's my choice, so I say fuck them, right? - Richie, are we going someplace with all this? - I choose to take it up the ass. But rape, man. - Did somebody rape you? - Yeah sure, but that's not why I'm here. I got some information on another rape. - Yes, I knew about his daughter. - And you didn't tell me? - Well, he asked me not to. - Hey, you needed to see me? - Yeah, Leo. It's about Ardeth. [tense percussive tones] - You're gonna tell me everything you know. - About what? - My daughter. - Your daughter was raped and beaten, and because of that, you took it out on me. - Tell me who raped her. - I ain't telling you dick. You got all the power, huh? I mean, you think that you could just shit on people, shit on people and you get away with it? Not this time. And you can go fuck yourself. - Miguel, for God's sake, tell him what you heard about his daughter. - What? That she's a lousy lay? - Chain him up. Father... We're gonna need some privacy. - Leo, Leo, I think... - Do it. Do it. ♪ ♪ - Leo. - Get out... Get him out of here! - Leo, no! - Do it... [tense music] - That motherfucker deserves this shit. ♪ ♪ - Listen, are you sure? This call was made in the past week from Em city by Miguel Alvarez. - Warden, you know as well as I do we monitor the prisoner's calls randomly. We didn't catch that particular one. - Fuck! - Leo... I'm sorry to hear about your daughter. - Does everybody know? - Pretty much, yeah. Look, I can persuade Alvarez to give up the name of the prick who did this. - No, thanks. - Why not? Hey, why not? Why not? - First, I don't want to owe you any more favors. Second, and I know you won't understand this, this is not right. - Right, wrong, right, wrong. There's such a fine line between them. - Not for me. - Bad men have their impact too. But you gotta be really bad, Ivan the terrible, Jack the Ripper, Adolf Hitler. Yeah, old Adolf was an evil fuck, and let's face it, evil is the only thing that has survived intact these past 1,000 years. [tense percussive tones] ♪ ♪ [alarm buzzes] - [groaning] [scraping] - Prisoner #98B242, Agamemnon Busmalis, AKA, the mole. [alarm blaring] [tense percussive tones] ♪ ♪ Convicted March 10, '98, grand theft larceny, breaking and entering. Sentence, 10 years. Up for parole in four. - Busmalis, what are you doing? - I told you, digging my way out. - You can't, it's impossible. - Yeah? Watch me. - How long do you think it's gonna take? - I don't know, but I figure I got four years until my first parole hearing. - You're gonna dig for four years? - Only if I have to. [alarm buzzes] - The C.O.'s coming. - Thanks. - Don't mention it. Augustus: Oh, fuck! Beecher: What? Beecher! - What? - You farted! - I didn't. - Pee-fucking-you! - I didn't fart. - Damn man, five hours until dawn and I gotta be in a goddamn glass box with the king of stink. I'm gonna get Gulf-fucking-War syndrome. - You farted. - Oh, me? - Yeah. You're saying I farted to cover your own tracks. - No, you're saying I'm covering my tracks to cover yours. - ♪ Ginger, ginger, broke the winder ♪ ♪ Broke the winder, crack ♪ ♪ The baker came out to give him a clout ♪ ♪ And landed on his back ♪ - Fuck you. - Light a match. - I swear Beecher, you need to go see a doctor, man. Smelly farts is a sign of something seriously wrong on the inside. - I didn't fart. [farting] - Oh, fuck, man! [Beecher laughing] - Hey. - Hey. - I'm about to start my shift, first day back in Em City. I was thinking tonight I would let you take me out to dinner to celebrate. - Oh gee, I can't. - Why, you got a date? - Actually, yeah. - Well, okay, have fun. - Yeah, welcome back. - Thanks. - Life frustrated me the other day, pushed all my wrong buttons, so I bit its ear off, pushed it up against the ropes and told it to stop. Stop fucking head-butting me when the ref ain't looking. I threw my hands around its neck, told it, stop, stop fucking yelling at me before I start left hooking. Told it stop fucking playing me before I start choking, 'cause I've got too many rope burns around my neck, too many cotton cuts in my fingernails. I've spent thousands of years, thousands in jail. Mostly for shit I didn't even do. Mostly for shit I didn't even know was wrong... - [whistling] [indistinct chatter] [buzzer sounds] [bell ringing] - Take a look at the Tiger Woods article in there. - The dog is making some serious dough. - Oh forget it, a fortune. You see what it says there about his parents? - No, where? - Right there, second paragraph, starts right there. - "The biggest infl..." both: Influence. "In my life is my par... parents." - That's very good, keep going. - "Their pa, pa..." both: Patience. "Has given me the..." - Resources... - "Resources "To be a great cham... Champion." - Excellent. - That's my man, little nigger can read. - You've been practicing, huh? - Yeah, a little bit. - That's great, listen, keep the article and you can read it after class, all right? - Thanks man, appreciate it. - Let's get started, huh? [indistinct chatter] - Coushaine tells me that you did very well today reading out loud in class. - Well, he gave me a sports magazine, so... - Well, I figured that you deserve something, since you've been putting in so much hard work. - "Up from sl..." - Slavery. - Slavery. Booker T. Washington, you know who that is? - Yeah, Booker T. and the MGs. - No, that's a different guy. He was one of the most influential African-Americans of his time. He believed that education was the key to success for any man's life. - This to do with the peanuts? - No, that's George Washington Carver. This book influenced my life. - Hey, McManus, you know that deal we made about me going to school instead of working the kitchen? I don't miss that mop at all, man. [ambient music] ♪ ♪ - Got something in there for me, huh? - You going to class, Adebisi? - Got a full schedule, very busy. - But you know what? You should really come by my office. We'll check your records. You really should be back in school. - Yeah, I'll be there real soon. You bet. - What's up? - You suck his cock when I'm not here? - Get the fuck outta here. He just brought me some shit to read, man. - You read, eh? Maybe you can read me a nice bedtime story, huh? That cocksucker doesn't come in here again unless you ask me. - How the fuck am I supposed to stop him from coming in here? - Hey, you're not listening. Come here, come here. He doesn't come in here. ♪ Do you understand? ♪ - Yeah, man. - Huh? - Yeah. - See... You're a really smart kid, huh? - Booker T. Washington. Now he belongs on that list. Born a slave, he rose up and shook the tree. Everyone knew who he was, everyone all around the world. Even the president of the United States asked for his advice. How the fuck did Booker T. do that? - There's some bullshit going on. - Yo, see, that's fucked up, that Glynn handed this over to Schibetta and shit. Did he ever tell you why? - He didn't have to tell me why, I know. - Say, word, you do? - He's trying to start a war with us and those guineas. - Glynn? - Yeah. - Why would he want to start a war? - 'Cause he hates them too. Holy shit... It's a little Nino. You know, you look just like your father, only you're still breathing. - You trying to tell me something? - Yes. I miss your father. - Why don't you lazy fucks get back to work? - Ah... Next! Come on, daddy. [laughs] Hey, a little afternoon-titty-fuck. Hey, what's your problem? - I ain't got no problem, man. - Shake down! Shake down! - What the fuck are you doing? - Shake down, shake down! - Hey, hey, what's the problem? - Let's go, out, hands on the rail, you know the routine, hands on the rail. [indistinct chatter] [tense percussive tones] - They're clean. - So's the cell. - Clean. [buzzer sounds] Give it to me. I tell you what. Now it's my book. My book is for my tits. - What the fuck are you doing! - You're an ugly bastard, but I love him. Booker T... - Fuck you, man! Oh, shit. - Forgetting who you are, little brother, eh? McManus, this book shit, going to class, you think you can disrespect me, eh? Don't forget who your friends are, 'cause if you're not my friend, then you're my enemy, understand? - Yeah. - Do you understand? - Yes, I fucking understand. - Good. Now I need to get high. - I hear that. [bell ringing] - [laughs] - Why aren't you in class? - What the fuck is your problem, McManus? All right. - No, come on. - Oh, shit. [indistinct chatter] - Shit. - Now why did you stop going to class? You were doing so well, what happened? - Nothing. - Somebody pressuring you? - Yeah, you. - You tell me what's going on, Kenny! [knocking] Is Adebisi giving you shit about going to school? You get the fuck out of here. I'm having a conversation. - Taxi! - I'm gonna transfer the fucker back to gen-pop. How's that? - Oh, don't do that, 'cause then he'll think I asked you to and then that'll be my ass. - Then I'm gonna move you to another pod. - No, just don't. - Look, you're going back to school, Kenny. You're going back to school or I'll have you mopping that kitchen 24 hours a day. I'm gonna have you mopping this whole fucking prison! Do you hear me? What's it gonna be, Kenny? What's it gonna be? - I'll go back to class. - Okay, let's go, you're late. - Mr. Booker T. Washington writes in his book, "I have great faith "in the power and influence of fact. "It is seldom that anything is permanently gained by holding back a fact." You want some facts? The U.S. Department of Justice reports that the typical prisoner in America is an under-educated young male minority, but you could have guessed that. [indistinct chatter] If that under-educated young male minority receives his GED in prison, he is far less likely to come back. - Anybody want to read out loud? W.E.B. Dubois, let's have Kenny... - If that same kid manages to go to college while he's inside, he'll almost definitely never see a prison cell again. - Just pick any page you want. - Last year, one state, California, spent more money on its penal system than it did on higher education. These are the facts and figures. You ain't got to be that smart to add them up. I'd fuck Dr. Nathan in a second. - Me too. - How about Wittlesey? - Shit, yeah. - Me too. - You know who I think is sexy? Sister Peter Marie. - Yeah. - That's disgusting; she's a nun. - Wasn't always a nun. - She was married. - What? Nuns can't be married. They're the brides of Christ. - Before she became a nun, her husband died. She told me once in passing. - I wonder how he died, her husband? - She didn't say. - An accident, I heard. Fell off the back of a truck, broke his neck. - That's true, but it wasn't an accident. Why do you think she works here? Her husband was pushed off the truck. He was murdered. - Peter, Peter Marie... Peter... Peter Marie! - Hey, Leo. - You know William Giles? - No. - I think his mind has snapped and we think he's asking for you. - Peter Marie, Peter Marie... Peter Marie... - Hello, William, you want to talk with me? - Sick. - You're sick? - Amore. - Amore... Love? - Broom. - You, you want a broom? - No. - Okay, William... William? You want to talk to me? - Ah, Peter Marie! Peter Marie! Peter Marie! - Tobias, would you bring up the file on William Giles for me, please? G-I-L-E-S. - Sure. We voted you sexiest. - Sexiest? Sexiest what? - Woman in prison. - Oh, come on. Really? - Uh-huh. There it is. [tense music] ♪ ♪ [horn blares] - Prisoner #58G714, William Giles. Convicted February 6, 1958, second degree murder. Sentenced to life, up for parole in 60 years. - Leo, I really need you to get Giles out of solitary so that we can start therapy sessions, okay? - You know why he's in solitary? - Yeah, I read the report. Two years ago, he stole some toothpaste from another inmate. The inmate caught him and Giles killed the guy. - He's dangerous and he's crazy. - Yeah, but he needs my help. - No, I'm not putting you in that kind of situation. - Now Leo, Leo. - No, no! I'm going to the hospital to visit my daughter. Good night. - Le-- [gates open] [gate slams shut] GILES: Peter... Peter Marie? Peter Marie... Peter, Peter Marie... Peter, Peter, Peter Marie! - Do you think that when the first millennium ended, back in 999, that they made lists? Did they even know the millennium was ending? - Said! - Yo! - You are disturbing our morning prayer. - Yeah well, you got mail. Sign here. - I will sign for it later. - Look, I haven't got time for this. Schillinger's still in the hole. So we're short staffed in the mail room. I gotta get back. - Now this I will gladly sign for. - Yeah? Well, I'm fucking thrilled. - My brothers. Your book about the riot. This is proof that the truth cannot be silenced. - The annotated code. You giving up god for the law? - God's laws are clear to me. It's those of man that are not. I've been studying legal books for the last eight months, trying to see if god's laws and those of the white man have anything in common. - What have you discovered? - That these are nothing but words on a page. The annotated code exists solely to be circumvented. - Without law, we have anarchy. - You should read your morning paper, old man. We have anarchy anyway. - I would have thought after the riot you would have learned. You can't overthrow the system. - Oh, I learned, and I have no interest in seeing more men die. No, I intend to use the tools that were used against me. I intend to make the law devour itself. - Judge Richard Kibler was sentenced today to 16 months in prison. The 12-year veteran of the state criminal court was convicted of taking bribes in exchange for leniency in three murder cases he presided over in 1995. - You hear this? Cocksucker Kibler was the judge at my fucking trial. - For real? - Shit, yeah. If I'd have known the motherfucker was up for bribes, I'd have put my two dollars down. Shit ain't fair. - You're right, it's not. You know what you ought to do, Hill? - What? - Talk to Said. - Now it says here in this article that Kibler took bribes in November. You weren't approached by him or anyone else about taking bribes? - Nobody said dick to me. - Did he talk to your lawyer? - If they did, he never said word one to me. - Good, that's good, I think we have a case. - A case? - Yeah. You were denied your right to a fair trial by an impartial judge. - So you're saying that we could go to court and have the verdict overturned? - My friend, you have a real shot at going free. - Now let me get this straight-- Judge Kibler did not take a bribe in Hill's case? - That is correct. - Ad he didn't ask for a bribe either? - This is also correct. - Then what exactly are we talking about? - The judge was lenient with those who did give bribes, so he may have been harsher with those who did not. Look, all we ask is for the opportunity to explore the merits of the case. - What opportunities are we talking about? - And for how long? - Look, we're gonna need more time for visitations. I'm gonna need to talk to the lawyer who originally represented Augustus and anybody that offered bribes, their lawyers, the prosecution at Judge Kibler's trial, et cetera. - You've stayed pretty quiet through all this. - Kareem said he'd be doing the talking. I'd be an idiot not to keep my fucking mouth shut. You lying. - I ain't. - Clifford, I sat next to you through all those hearings, all those days of the trial. I got so I could tell when you was lying. You get that little twitch. - I do? - That's probably why you're such a shit lawyer. - Augustus, please. Insults do us no good at all. - Sure as hell make me feel better. - Look, I did the best I could for you. - Yeah, I know. That's why I'm saying, you shit. - Can we get back to the point, please? Now you knew others were giving bribes. - I heard stuff in the courthouse hallways, that's all. - Then why didn't you jump, you motherfucker? - Call me naive. I thought I'd get a "not guilty" based on the strength of the case. - If you knew what was going on, why did you not go to the state judicial commission? - Come on, I go to the state commission? And nothing happens, except the next time, I'm pleading a case in front of Kibler, he cuts off my balls. - Well? - Marilyn Crenshaw, the assistant district attorney who prosecuted Kibler, she will meet with us tomorrow. - Oh, cool! - Unfortunately though, the lawyers who gave bribes won't take my calls. The secretaries say, "I'll get back to you". I say, "You can't get back to me." - You know what we should do? We should check and see if any of those three murderers are doing their time in Oz. - I did; they're not. They're in different prisons. - So what do we do? - Well, I'm gonna write to each one, but I don't expect any response. - So we're fucked? - No, no, no. Good things don't come easy, my brother. - Yeah. [buzzer sounds] - Count! - Until tomorrow. As-salaam alaikum, brother. - Straight line. You know how we do this. [tense percussive tones] - When you were gathering evidence to prosecute Judge Kibler, did you ever hear Augustus Hill's name mentioned? - No. - In reference to the three murder convictions that Kibler was lenient with, did you perceive any sort of pattern? - No. - So nothing about these three men was consistent? They share the same style of murder, same lawyer, same skin tone? - Sorry, you're not gonna be able to turn this into something racial. - That is not my intention. - Bullshit! The only two elements that are similar in these three murders is they were men and they were guilty. - Oh, so you're saying the bribes were random? - Yes. - And would you testify to that in court? - I never said that I would testify in court, and if you try to compel me, I'll take you to court. - Now why would you do that? You're an assistant district attorney, sworn to seeing justice done. Now doesn't your definition of justice extend to my client? - Your client? Please. The only place that you are a lawyer is in your own head. I see what you're doing, strutting around, thumbing your nose at the system, thumbing your nose at everything that I believe in. It's not him that I won't help; it's you. Look, you could win this case. Let me give you some free legal advice, get yourself a lawyer, a real fucking lawyer. - You know that woman? - Why do you ask? - You two seemed awful familiar. That's not the bitch that prosecuted you, is she? - Marilyn and I, before I found Allah, we were engaged to be married. [knocking] I need more access to phones. I need to be able to get calls as well as make them. - Well, why don't we just run a switchboard into your pod? - Oh, answer a legitimate request with sarcasm. - Legitimate request? - Yes. - Said, you're an inmate in a maximum-security prison. Now if I say yes to you, what's to stop next guy from asking for the same thing? - These are special circumstances. - No, they're not. I hate to break the news to you, pal, but in here, you're nobody special. You deserve no more than the next man. - What is this about? Is this because you don't like what I said about you in my book? - No, this is about the fact that you always ask for help and you're never willing to do anything for me in return. - Why does there have to be a trade, a negotiation? I thought that doing what's right would be enough for you. [tense music] [indistinct chatter] - No go, huh? Oh, damn. Yo, what was that you were saying about nothing good coming easy? [sighs] Life in prison is some tough shit to wrap your mind around. But see, I did. Like everybody else in this come hole, I settled in, I settled down. But then when you said the word "free" to me... I... Yo, something inside of me stirred, you know? Freedom, I want my freedom. - And you shall have it, my brother. I swear to you by almighty god, and everything that I hold holy, you will go free. - Those files are confidential. - Yeah, well, I had this natural curiosity about my fellow man. - We got the results back from your needle aspiration. - Don't dance doctor, just give it to me straight. - Okay. The lump under your nipple is a stage two breast carcinoma. - Uh-huh. - Stage two means that we caught it relatively early so your chances for survival are good. - Uh-huh. - The next step is surgery. Do you have any questions? - You're married, right? - Yeah. - Yeah, me, too. You'd like my wife, she's a real pisser. - Does the doctor know what he's talking about? - She. - Give me the name of the bitch, I'll talk to her. - Would you just fucking relax? - Hey, don't get pissy with me. I'm the one who's thinking about you. - We've known each other all the way since back to high school. We'd fuck for days. And our friends, they were amazed 'cause Shannon never got pregnant. So one day before we got married, she decided to get tested and we find out that her tubes or whatever are blocked, so she can't have any kids. I married her anyway... 'cause I knew she felt like shit. I knew that she didn't feel like a woman anymore. - I gotta go. - No, no. Hey, hey, hey. But I cheated on her... A lot. Oh man, I don't want to die. [tense music] ♪ ♪ [sobbing] - It's okay. McManus: So what's next? - I have scheduled O'Reilly to have a mastectomy tomorrow at Benchley Memorial. We'll need transport and an officer, or two. - What, you think O'Reilly will try to escape? - I'll be assisting Dr. Sophie Powell. She's the top breast cancer surgeon in the state. -All this sounds expensive. - Well, it ain't gonna come cheap. - Will our insurance cover it? - No, and the claims adjuster insists O'Reilly have a lumpectomy. - That's where they remove the tumor but not the breast, right? - Right. - Now if we can spare the breast and save some money, why do a mastectomy? - Well, lumpectomies aren't always effective. They most often have to be followed up with radiation or chemo. - So then the prison's footing the bill for this whole wing-ding? And how much is that? - The surgeon, staff, and equipment, in all, $18,000. - Wow. - And a lumpectomy costs what? - About half that. - Well, give him the lumpectomy. - A patient should be able to choose his own medical procedure, don't you think? - No, not at these prices, not if he's a con. - Look, Ryan O'Reilly's going through enough shit dealing with being a man and having breast cancer. I mean, His survival depends as much on the positive outlook as it does on the surgery. - We can do an awful lot with that $18,000, Gloria. I don't mean to sound cold, but whether Ryan O'Reilly lives another two months or another 20 years means dick to me. - Leo, the ball's in your court. - Give him the lumpectomy. Next item. [tense percussive tones] - You know, if you die, what are we gonna do about your brother? [gates slam] [tense percussive tones] - Hey, bro. - Hey, Cyril, come here. Hey. Hey, what's the matter? Why are you so tense? - I'm not tense. - Yes, you are. Your body's all stiff and shit. - Well, it's the gates and the guards. - Yeah. - This place is scary. - Yeah, you got that right. - Why do you live here? - Because I was bad, remember? - Oh, yeah. - And that's why you're not bad anymore, right? - Right. - Right. - When you coming home? - Not for a while yet. I'm a little bit sick, and I gotta have an operation. - No. No operations. - Cyril. - No operations. Mama died in an operation. Mama died in a hospital. - No, no, Cyril, stop it. Look, I'm gonna be fine, okay? But if I'm not, well... Shannon, she's got to live her own life, so if she tells you to move out of the house... - I like our apartment. - I know you do. But look, you may have to go live with other people who are more like you. So if Shannon tells you that you gotta go, I don't want you to cry and I don't want you to give Shannon a hard time, you got me? 'Cause you got to step up and you gotta be a man, Cyril, okay? It's time to be a man. [gate slams] [tense music] ♪ ♪ - You're Dr. Nathan? - No, no, I'm Dr. Nathan. - Look, I know he's just a criminal to you, but he's my fucking husband, understand? Now, I asked around and this operation is the cheapest thing that you can do. ♪ ♪ My husband's life ain't cheap. You make sure that Ryan's okay. You better make sure. ♪ ♪ - Yes! [laughs] I know who killed Dino. [siren blaring] Fuck! - Hey. - Hey, are you ready? - Sure, let's fucking do this. - Dr. Powell's scrubbing up. - Been lying here thinking my life's in the hands of a complete stranger. - But she's the best. - I feel better knowing you're around. My guardian angel. - Right. - No, seriously. I can't figure out why the fuck you care, but I'm glad you do. Nobody's ever done shit for me my whole life, so I'm not very good at saying thanks. I owe you, big time. [hissing] - Now you think a doctor or two would be at the top of the list of the greatest person of the millennium. I mean, doctors do research, discover diseases, syndromes. But no one's gonna put doctors. Epstein and Barr, Drs. Guillain and Barre, Dr. Downs or Dr. Alzheimer on any list. 'Cause for all their hard work, hearing their names fills us with dread. Their names make us sick. [tense percussive tones] - You're being transferred from Em City to unit B. - I'll miss you. - Hey, I didn't bribe a C.O. To kill Beecher, you did. - The district attorney's office has decided to charge you with conspiracy to commit murder. The hearing is in two weeks. You want me to arrange for a public defender? - Yeah, yeah, I'd really like to have some bleeding heart plead my case. I'll get my own fucking lawyer. - Well, if I were you, I'd trade up from the last one. Schillinger: Jesus, you fucking cocksucker! - You asked my advice, I give you my advice. You call me a fucking cocksucker? - I don't want your advice. I want you to make this conspiracy to commit murder charge disappear. - I'm a lawyer, not the Amazing Kreskin. Look, the state's case is firm. The guard you bribed is testifying against you. And call me crazy, I think that a law officer has more credibility than you. - How much time am I looking at? - Ten more years. - Te-- All right, so I'll plead out. - I'm not even sure the D.A. would be willing to make a deal. - What about Wittlesey? I saw her murder Ross. - I've informed the authorities and demanded an investigation, but frankly, that horse won't hunt. [tense percussive tones] - What about my sons? Any word on them? - Nope, but, you know, they'll turn up. - Yeah, floating in a fucking river. They're out there somewhere. They're doing crystal meth, for Christ's sakes. Will you please find my boys? - You got it. ♪ ♪ - Hey, sister Peter Marie needs this Fed Ex, Saturday delivery. Hey Vern, they let you out of the hole already? You're mad at me, aren't you? Sure, you're mad, and I understand why. I fucked up your chances for parole, and you're facing ten more years in Oz all because of me. Oh man, I manipulated you like the dumb-ass white-trash Neanderthal you are. You know, you get to know a lot about a man when he's fucking you in the ass. Oh! [laughs] Getting slow there, sweet pea. Getting a little soft. Ooh. ♪ ♪ - Yo, you Schillinger? - Schillinger, yeah. - I hear you used to run the Aryan brotherhood. - Yeah. - That you let Beecher shit in your face. - Oh! [indistinct chatter] - The brotherhood's falling apart. When I ran the brotherhood, we were feared. Now even the fucking fags look tougher. But listen, you and me, Mark, we can take things back the way they were. We can rule Oz. - Where do we start? - We need a roadkill, show everybody we're back in the game. - So who gets whacked first? - The meanest motherfucking mutt we can find. ♪ ♪ - Prisoner #98V238, Alexander Vogel, convicted June 1, '98. Two counts, murder in the second degree, theft. Sentence, 50 years, up for parole in 30. ♪ ♪ - So you don't know anything about Alexander Vogel's murder? But if the Aryan brotherhood's not involved, why was "Jew" carved on his chest? - Maybe some gang is trying to lay the blame on us. We're not the only ones that hate Jews, you know. I mean your people do too. - You're involved in this, Schillinger, I know you are. - Yeah, well, if that's true, prove it. - I will. Take him to his cell. - ♪ Wish I was in the land of cotton ♪ [humming] - Hey, nice, nice jack on Vogel. - Every inmate knows we did it. That's what matters. - So what happens next? - Next, we take care of him. - We kill Beecher? - Yeah. But first, we make him suffer, suffer long and hard. - Maybe the greatest man of the millennium was a woman-- Princess Di, Mother Teresa, Catherine the Great, Madam Curie, Marilyn Monroe. Say what you want about her, yo, she made her little slice of the millennium a shitload more interesting. - Shirley Bellinger, who was convicted for the murder of her four-year-old daughter, was sentenced to death today, the first woman in this state to be executed since 1841. She will receive a lethal injection next month at Oswald State Penitentiary. Bellinger's lawyer has already filed an appeal in federal court and will hold a press conference tomorrow. Speaking from the capital, Governor Devlin said he supports the sentence and would not consider a stay of execution if petitioned. - How comfy. - Yo, imagine being remembered for 1,000 years, the things you did when you was alive, reaching across time and touching the lives of people not yet born. [laughs] That's some dream. Yo, that's why people write books, start religions, find cures, run for president, but me, I don't want to be a great man. I don't care if I'm remembered for the next 1,000 years. All I ask, is if we pass on the street, notice me. [tense jazzy music] ♪ ♪ [bright tone] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 