Borgen: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Borgen 
 s2e4 - Op til kamp - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Borgen (2010–2013): Season 2, Episode 4 - Op til kamp - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I've met a woman. Cecilie. Me and Cecilie cooked up a Mexican dinner. She's really nice. - Mikkel is our trainee photographer. - You're in for a thrill. Are you sure you want to move in with me? I'm your leader! Höxenhaven's ambitions outweigh his loyalty to the party. Bjørn Marrot just resigned as leader of the Labour Party. Troels Höxenhaven has been elected leader. Subtitles downloaded from Podnapisi.NET "If an injury is to be done to a man, it should be so severe - - that his vengeance need not be feared." - Machiavelli 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Congratulations, Troels. - Thank you. - Congratulations. - Thank you. The new leader Troels Höxenhaven has been welcomed with adulation - - by the party. His succession to the post as foreign minister - - has also been well-received. Labour is benefitting from the change. Labour's opinion poll ratings are the highest in five years. Worst case scenario, he'll demand more ministries. - He's going to use the polls. - Nothing's changed. It's their choice to change leader. Don't make a big deal out of it. - He's on his way. Do I look tired? - No. Having trouble sleeping lately? Congratulate him and be relaxed and casual. I'll be busy at my desk. I have no wish to rock the boat - 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - as long as we can run the show as partners. Sure. Providing one of the partners is the boss. - Of course. - Well, congratulations once again. I think you'll be an asset to the party. TV1 wants to interview you about the Danish ship that was hijacked. Shouldn't I handle that? I'm foreign minister, and surely this is my department. Well, it's our department too. Sure, but ... Okay, if you really want to. No, maybe it's a good idea. Go ahead, Troels. - Höx leads by one goal. - Yes. GOVERNMENT Episode 14 - Battle Ready You're in for a treat. I had to read the entire pile, but then it got to me. Touching. - You read it all? - There's even a Donald Duck comic. - Thanks, Kim. Have a nice day. - You too. Good morning. Legislative subcommittee at 11:15, lunch with the interior minister at 12. And the minister of traffic at 2:15. The relevant papers are in the files. - Thanks, Jytte. - Good morning. Jytte is efficient. The Foreign Ministry wants to take over the Brazil state visit. Fine. I'm pretty busy in March and April anyway. Bjørn Marrot was a weak leader. Höxenhaven is not. Niels Erik, do I detect a wish for a little territory marking? Good morning. At 5 Danish cargo boat the 'Fionia' was hijacked in the Gulf of Aden - - the 120th hijacking this year. The nine Danish seamen have been taken hostage. When are they releasing the names? Okay, let's talk to their families. Perfect. Okay. I'll call you back. - Hi. - Hi. - I had a great night. - Me too. I think it was pretty incredible. But what with Lotte and all that I'm also a little confused. Sure. I'm confused too. We were drunk, and it was stupid, but we know we're not going there - - so let's just leave it at that. - Still, we rocked. - Yes. But it's the highway to hell, and we don't want to go there again. I didn't think it was the highway to hell. You did. I think we had a good thing going. You never told me why we had to split up. What? You know why. - You have too many secrets. - Must we bare all about ourselves? - You lied to me! - Not about the important stuff. You alone decided what was important. I refuse to have this conversation with you again. - I don't want this. Go away. - No. What don't you want? - Go away. - Tell me! If anyone's a liar here, it's you! Kasper ... This doesn't change a thing. Troels Höxenhaven is the talk of the town. What happened? Well, Labour under Höxenhaven is dusting itself off. - He's made quite an impact. - It's "The Höxenhaven effect. " - Kasper hasn't come in yet? - No. He's on his way. His no-nonsense handling of the hijacking adds to his credibility. - Sorry I'm late. - Did you see this? Yup. The Höxenhaven Effect. We need to strengthen your leadership profile. We could use the hijacking. - The hijacked ship in Somalia? - It's an emotionally charged case. It's made all the headlines and easy for people to understand. You have to own it and tell Höx to fuck off. - Grumpy this morning, are we? - Yes. Are you ready to take action? I propose an international conference about piracy. A solution demands a joint political, humanitarian and military effort. Is your foreign minister going to handle this? No. The PM always handles the heavy part of our foreign policy. So Bjørn Marrot's resignation won't change that. Thank you. You said you were on your way. Who is he? What have we here? Well, if it isn't two men getting to know each other. Hey, hey, hey! Don't we know that guy? - Troels Höxenhaven. - Right you are! He must be gay then. - Christ! Where did you get them? - Anonymous letter. Somebody doesn't like the guy. Or they think we deserve a scoop. Palle and William take over the pirate story. Katrine writes this - - and you edit it, Hanne. Deal? Great, girls. Get to work. - Have you got a minute? - We want to discuss the angle. The angle is that our new foreign minister gets a blowjob. We can't accuse him of being gay. It's not about being gay. He's been living a double life. Höxenhaven has been married for 17 years. If a man lies at home, how can the rest of us trust him? So we're branding him a potential fraud? His morals are flawed. - How so? - He bugged the Solidarity Party. Just tell me this: would you have slammed him this hard - - if he'd just balled his secretary like you did? I never balled my secretary. Or did I? Great input, girls, but get cracking. Let William and Palle write it and give us the piracy story. - I mean it. - So do I. I pay you handsomely to be this paper's famous poster girl. Katrine Fønsmark is going to expose the foreign minister. We're going to cause one hell of a stir. You have them during Christmas, and I have them the rest of the holidays. - I want some days off with them too. - I just want them four days in a row. Cecilie's parents have a house up north, and we'd like to go visit them. Up north? Promise me you're not going to the sticks. I promise. - I'm picking you up early tomorrow. - Okay. Bye. Birgitte ... Don't you want to meet her soon? She's part of my life now. And the kids' lives. Still, we don't have to plan it, do we? I'll meet her when I meet her. - Sure. - Bye. The government now comments on the hijacking. Today, the PM proposed an international conference - - and Foreign Minister Höxenhaven met with the seamen's families. What was it like to meet the families? I was shocked to hear about the seamen's situation. I talked to Jonas and Emilie, who were very concerned about their dad. - Are you going to intervene? - How can I not? Cool dude. Nice of him to help them. Hey, gorgeous, What are you doing here? It's been a while, that's all. I know, and I feel really bad about it. But this hijacking in Somalia ... You get up at 6:30 and come home at 2 in the morning. Our last dinner together was ten days ago. - Lotte, I ... - You don't want this. Or you can't, or you don't have time, or whatever ... But tell me, Kasper. I'm seeing someone else. And her name is Birgitte Nyborg. Lotte, this is the biggest challenge I've ever faced. If I don't give it my all, I'm not cut out for this job. You want to be a good boyfriend, but you spend all your energy here - - and time just flies by. And then what do you do? Lotte ... Lotte. There now ... Tell the foreign minister I want to talk to him before the meeting. Laura, get the door. He'll just have to come before the other ministers. He can do that, can't he? What? Anders? Call you back. Cecilie can come in. - Hello? - Hi, Dad. Hi, sweetie. - Hi. Birgitte. - Cecilie. - Nice to meet you. - You too. - Magnus, grab your bag. - I'm thirsty. - I'll get you a glass of water. - The sink's clogged, so ... Okay ... Phillip says you're a pediatrician. That must be rewarding. - It is. - Where do you work? - Pediatrics, Copenhagen Hospital. - Okay. - Not nearly as exciting as your job. - Well ... - Anyway ... - Why don't we all meet next week? - Great idea. - Okay. Let's get going. - It was good to meet you. - You too. - Sorry, group meeting. - I made a statement. We want to solve the hijacking on an international level. That's our position. Don't you promise the seamen's families anything else. Why not? Piracy is a foreign policy issue. You hold the government responsible for the fate of Danish ships this way. But the shipping companies are. You want Foreign Ministry officials to negotiate with pirates? No way. - Refer the press to me. - Are you muzzling me? Yes, Troels. I'm in charge here. - Yes? - The ministers are here. Show them in. He wants to do a theme on concealed homosexuality. He wants my feminine angle on it. Everyone will think I'm out to get Höx. He's your boss. You're a well-paid employee enjoying special privileges. I don't feel sorry for you. Okay, look. I think this was taken at the government seminar. And look at these camera file numbers. 546, 563, 582, 599. The lowest number is 46, the highest is 99. Why didn't we get the others? These were the four pictures selected by the photographers. No. Laugesen selected them. They thought these four pictures were crap, technically. But it's Hoffmann's job to edit and select photos. If you have Michael's password, I could check up on it. Have you gone mad? I don't have his password. You're heading for trouble, my girl. But you're right. I have a meeting with Laugesen in Graphics at 3:30. We'll be gone half an hour. He never turns off his computer. It locks after two minutes, so you need to move fast. I pay you to wnite the paper, not to read it. Labour's change of leadership doesn't affect government policy. Labour's change of leadership doesn't affect government policy. Negotiations with the Somali pirates have reached a deadlock. - Would you like to comment on that? - Absolutely not. - I leave that to the shipping company. - The government agrees with that? Of course. Thank you. - Why do we have to meet here? - I found something. Who's this? The trainee photographer you brought to the seminar? Mikkel. The pictures were taken there. I think Laugesen set it up. - Maybe it's a coincidence. - Knowing Laugesen, you think so? Damn! Laugesen set our foreign minister up - - to expose him as gay. Think I should confront him? Michael will claim Höx just happened to bed the trainee. He's not a trainee. None of the photographers know him. - He's the key. Find him. - Laugesen won't give me his number. He's got a face. We'll find him. Nasty business! - What are you doing here? - I forgot something. Magnus? Hi. I'm sorry. Magnus was sure you weren't home. I brought my work home, so I didn't have to stay at the office. Okay. He wanted me to see his room. He was sure he wouldn't survive three days without his PSP. Actually, we agreed Magnus couldn't play on weekdays. It interferes with his homework. - Okay. I didn't know. - We need to be on the same page. It won't do for me to say one thing and you and Phillip another. Sure. I just didn't know that Magnus ... Well, it's not your responsibility. I didn't know that Phillip ... Maybe you and Phillip should talk about these things - - if you're in charge of the kids now and then. I'm doing my best. We all are. Kasper Juul, ASAP. The PM always works late, so I came to get a comment. - She left. A comment? - On the piracy affair. The government's position was made clear at the conference. Remember? The Foreign Minister is willing to elaborate. - We're interviewing him live tonight. - I sincerely doubt that. Oh? I guess it must have been a lookalike I saw in Make-up. - I guess so. Have a nice evening. - You too. We're on in 20 seconds. Many negotiation companies are paid- - according to how low they can negotiate the ransom. It's appalling. Explain that to a boy who's dad is captured in the hold - - with a gun to his head. If it were up to me, I'd involve the authorities. But the PM refuses to intervene. I'm speaking as the leader of the Labour Party - - because I was approached by the Seamen's Union. I've had it! The PM can't have a foreign minister who disobeys a direct order. This is the second time Höxenhaven brazenly disobeys me. He leads the largest party. You could break up the government over this. - I should have fired him back then. - It was best not to. I should have, but you talked me out of it. You and Sejrø! My husband has met another woman. The kids love her. She's really nice and means well. - Is that a problem? - Yes! She's a pediatrician. She cooks Mexican food. They have a great time. It's a huge problem. I'm not ... big on personal advice and stuff like that ... Nobody's personal life is more fucked up than mine, but if I may ... Give me a really lousy piece of advice? Go ahead. I have one thing to say to you. It's not like you to give up without a fight. I sympathize with your involvement in the situation in Somalia. But the government's credibility is on the line - - when the PM and the foreign minister differ in public. Let me finish. Our, yours and mine, professional relationship will suffer - - if you don't back me and my position up. I had no intention of opposing you or our position. Never. I spoke as the leader of Labour. Stop it. You're the foreign minister and always speak in that capacity. I hope you see it may be difficult for you to keep that position - - if you insist on disobeying me. Sure. I see your point. I have no desire to be foreign minister forever. Labour has never been bigger. 36% of the voters would vote for us, if we had an election now. Your popularity is waning. As we speak. We both know it was thanks to Laugesen's stupidity - - that the Moderates got to lead this government. We will inevitably - - regain our historical position as the leader of the Danish society. What are you trying to say, Troels? I want to be PM. We couldn't meet at the paper? No, we're investigating our own editor-in-chief. I have great news. I found someone who'd seen your trainee before. This is from a gay escort web site. Copenhagenstallions.dk. - His stage name is Daniel. - Jesus Christ! - Got any plans today? - A press briefing at the PM's Office. - It ends at 2 p.m. - I asked him to meet us here at 3. He's ours for two hours. - Where are the others? - Nobody else is coming. I thought this was a press briefing. Yes, but I only summoned you, because this is only about you. Our mode of communication has to change. We can't see each other. I won't come by anymore, and if I contact you - - it will be through official mails only. If I need to contact your paper - - I'll ask for Rørdal or Hanne Holm. Are you punishing me because we slept together? - Am I punishing you? - You sure as hell are. It will make my work difficult, if you deny me access to you. You'll live. I want to save my relationship. Anything wrong? No. - Hello. - Hi. Did you book me? - Yes. - But I only do guys, so ... We just want to talk, and we'll pay you, naturally. - Come in. Come on. - Okay. - I'm not doing this. - Then you'll hit the papers tomorrow. Sit down, Mikkel or Daniel or whatever. - Just tell us who hired you. - Then we'll let you off the hook. - The deal was I wouldn't be exposed. - We never made any deals. - Just answer a few simple questions. - Who sent you to the seminar? - Hi. Thanks for coming. - Sure. We're always busy exchanging the kids and all that, so ... - It's fine. - Okay. Cheers. Well ... - She seems like a great girl, Cecilie. - Yeah ... But, Phillip, do you realize ...? Have you ...? Do you realize what you're leaving? - Birgitte ... - Please let me finish. As I see it ... I think we're going through a very difficult time. We can't be together right now. We can't handle this situation. But all that will change. Hey, you and I will grow old together. I can't ... I don't understand ... What kind of reality are you living in? Huh? We've been apart for over a year now. Haven't we? We split up, Birgitte. We're divorced. Look ... I'd better go. Yeah. I'm sending over some notes on the Somalia case. Fine. - How did your meeting with Höx go? - Fine. I guess you didn't fire him then. Good night, Kasper. Good evening. I have some files for you from the Office. More work? Well, that's fucking great. What is it? I don't know. Some mail. Jytte said it could wait. - I doubt that. - Where do you want me to put it? I don't know. Where do you think? If you have to bring it back ... How long will you be on duty? I'm at your service, as long as you need me. Great, Kim. You sure are dedicated. Yes, excuse me ... - Want some? - No thanks. - A cup of water maybe. - Help yourself. - Yeah ... - Did you try to fix it? Yes. It can't be fixed. - Can I try? - Sure. - I bet the sink trap needs emptying. - The sink trap so needs emptying. Here it is. You can get a self-cleaning one. - Kim, you're a great driver. - Thanks. - You're a good PM. - Thanks. Come and have a look ... And then ... All the bits and pieces that go down the drain are collected in the trap. - Oh! - You tighten this. It should be pretty easy to do. - No, we'd better ... Right? - Yeah ... sure. Thanks for helping me out. You have several options. Write it as per Laugesen's instructions. - Hell, I can't, Hanne. - Must you be a goody two-shoes? Or we can come clean with Laugesen and try to make him drop the story. - Think he will? - No. Or ... We give the story to our competitors and file a complaint against our boss. That would be cowardly. Anyway, our little rent boy won't come forward. All we know is that we may not have a job come tomorrow night. Cheers for that certainty. Hey, I can't walk straight. You should've thought twice before you started drinking with an alcoholic. Good morning. - Good morning, Birgitte. - Good morning, Kasper. - Please come and pick me up. - I have a meeting in 15 minutes. - I'll send Kim over, okay? - Not a good idea. - Why not? - I landed in bed with him last night. - I'll be right over. - Great. - But why the driver? - Seemed like a good idea last night. I know those nights all too well. I'll handle it. Höx wants to be PM. - Now? That's a declaration of war. - Yes. Should we try to talk to Labour about it or call an election? - What do you want? - To crush him. Then do it. Labour is in power for the first time in eight years. It would be foolish of them to break up the government now. You think Höx's threat about pulling out is a bluff? - What are we going to do? - Heighten the Moderates' profile. As soon as we have the polls with us, we call an election. Drive me to work? If you promise to keep your hands off. No way! What did he do afterwards? I have to go. I've got two angry blondes in my office. Not a chance. Bye. - This looks serious. - We know Höxenhaven was framed. You set it up. You used a rent boy as bait. I won't even mention how appalling I find your journalistic methods. I presume we're going to drop the story. Well, kudos for your investigative journalism, girls. - So you admit it? - Sure. But it's not the first time the Express resorts to methods like that. This is a matter of national security. A minister like that is an obvious target for blackmail. What if terrorists got wind of his secret and took advantage of it? - It's our duty to reveal such things. - That's an absurd argument. It's not our duty to smear a minister to keep him from being blackmailed. You can't blackmail a man for being gay. Get real! Maybe so, Katrine, but that story isn't going to write itself. - Turn your fucking computer on now. - Katrine is not going to wnite it. Then you wnite it, Hanne. That's an order. Period! Get to work! Get someone else to wnite your trash. Katrine will find a new job. But you've got some nerve to quit, a washed-out old drunk like you! Have fun on welfare! I've called an urgent meeting of the security commission. - What about? - The piracy case. - 10:30. - Who's there? The minister of defense, his secretary and a naval commander. - And the foreign minister? - Him too. The cargo boat has been spotted off the Somali coast of Eyl. It's being guarded by a group of young third-rate pirates - - seemingly inexperienced. They walk around drunk on deck. Danish frigate the Willemoes happens to be 150 nautical miles away - - with a team of Royal Danish Navy Frogmen on board. What is the risk assessment, should we choose a military solution? It's our assessment that the frogmen can board the ship at minimum risk. - And the captured seamen? - We assume they're all on board. I've contacted Denmark's coalition partners. It's all very well that the foreign minister is ready to go to war - - but we make the final decision. Every minute counts for the captured seamen. Is the PM afraid of taking responsibility for the decision? Yes, Troels, I'm afraid, when lives are at stake. Anyone with ambitions of taking over my job should be. I want the navy to confirm that all the seamen are aboard the ship. An attack would be a disaster, if they've taken the hostages ashore. - I'll get the confirmation. - Let's reconvene at 8 p.m. You wanted to talk to me? Kim, you know when you've screwed up at the Christmas party? How a moment's weakness may have regrettable implications? - Sure. We all do. - Exactly. Even the PM. What happened last night was the PM's Christmas party. The PM needs to make crucial decisions on a daily basis - - so the PM's transport from A to B can't become an awkward problem. - I understand. - Good. You're no longer the PM's driver. You'll be transferred to another ministry immediately. Of course. - Please give her my best. - Sure. I appreciate your cooperation. This is yours, I gather. You still need to look presentable. - Hi, Troels. - Hi, Michael. - I'm in a hurry. - I'll make it brief. Congratulations on making foreign minister. Still, I think you're aiming higher. As did you, when you were in politics. But thanks to you I no longer am. - Only a coward topples his own ... - You came here to sling mud? - Then go back to your tabloid. - Sorry. That's not why I came. I'm sorry. No, I'm here as a journalist asking for a comment. Take a look at these. We'd like to focus on the personal angle. This is a display of great love between two people. The Express is going to publish these photos within the next 48 hours. I'd be thrilled to hear - - what it's been like to live as a homosexual for 16 years - - without your wife and kids knowing a thing about it? As your old pal, I'm going to give you a chance to let the family know. Call me. The Express would love to hear your side of the story. The foreign minister's here. He says it's an urgent personal matter. Okay. Hi. Birgitte, I need to talk to you about something very important. Let me start, Troels. I'm sorry about the hostile tone between us. You leave me no other option, when you keep up your collision course. I'm afraid I'm here - - to hand in my resignation. I'm resigning as foreign minister. What happened? Michael Laugesen has got hold of some pictures of me - - and is going to publish them in the Express. I've been unfaithful to my wife. Tomorrow I'm going to hold a press release ... conference - - announcing my resignation as minister - - and Labour leader. You're giving all that up because of infidelity? Yes. I haven't been unfaithful - - with a woman. It was with ... with a young man. But ... Right now I'm just trying to ... I don't know, Birgitte. I really just want to disappear right now. Completely. Listen, Troels. Many homosexual politicians have great careers. You can tum this to your advantage, but you have to go public with it now. Before the Express. I'll back you up all the way. You're an extremely skilled politician. If you spin this offensively, you'll come off as a pioneer. That's very big of you, Birgitte. Thank you. Well, our meeting starts now. Can I stay here for a while? Sure. The foreign minister won't be able to join us. Has the navy gathered all the facts? All the hostages are aboard. - Closely guarded? - No. But I worry that the PM isn't ready to run the risk. You have no need to be concerned. - Send in the frogmen. - Okay. Monitor the operation closely and inform me of the result immediately. I let him stay here to collect himself. - You were the last person to see him? - Yes. He took my pills. I keep an extra pack here for when I sleep over. I'm being interviewed by the police in a minute. - Yes? - The police say it was suicide. He found the pills in your bathroom. He died at 2 a.m. They're going to shut the case fast. They're kindly offering to hush up the fact that he took your pills. That's a great offer. We don't want the world to know the pills were yours. I don't want to lie about it, but if no one asks - - I see no reason to say anything. TV1 wants to know when the conference starts. Have them check the web site in an hour. - A reporter is waiting outside. - Not now. I respect your wishes, but you're the only one I can go to. - What's this? - Info about Höxenhaven's suicide. - Your story drove him to it. - It was Laugesen's crusade. He set the whole thing up. All the relevant material is in there. Don't let Laugesen get away with it. I don't work for the Express anymore. I promise to stay away from now on. Yes? - Michael Laugesen is here. - Good. - Birgitte, long time. - Michael, please sit down. It's not every day you have the minister for the press all to yourself. I'm going to be brief. We've come across information - - proving your complicity in the death of Höxenhaven. - What are you talking about? - You framed Höxenhaven. You drove him to take his own life. If this comes out, you're finished. However, his family doesn't deserve to see him all over the tabloids. So I want to make you a generous offer. You will not run any stories about the foreign minister being homosexual. Put a lid on the case. Treat Troels with respect. Then I won't disclose what I know about your complicity in his death. And I advise you to think twice about the merit of your stories - - when you smear my government, or I'll reveal your methods. Sure, the Express will treat Höxenhaven fairly now that he's dead. I find all this tragic too. But I can't take your little threat seriously. This story had merit. A minister with secrets is a sitting duck for blackmail. - Your own private life is a threat. - What are you talking about? I'm aware that your love life is on the rocks. So, it's nice to be on intimate terms with one's driver. Kim, your former driver - - he really liked his job, until his boss seduced and fired him. - I don't know what you're on about. - Leave your knives in the drawer. And I'll do the same. Today is a sad day. The costs that come with a life in politics, the pressure and exposure - - facing a politician, and a minister more so, are heavy. For Troels Höxenhaven they turned out to be too heavy. Troels will be greatly missed by the government, Labour - - and all of us who worked closely with him in Parliament. Troels Höxenhaven was an eminent politician, minister of justice - - party leader and foreign minister. He played a major role in resolving the hostage case - - leading to the rescue of the Danish seamen. Subtitles: Helle Schou Kristiansen Dansk Video Tekst Download Movie Subtitles Searcher from www.OpenSubtitles.org 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 