Borgen: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Borgen 
 s2e5 - Plant et træ - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Borgen (2010–2013): Season 2, Episode 5 - Plant et træ - full transcript 
 Birgitte's attempts to get broad multi-party support for environmental reforms causes friction with the Greens. Lars Hesselboe asks Katrine to become his new spin doctor. Birgette's daughter Laura suffers a panic attack. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Are you okay with meeting your dad's new girlfriend? - Hi. Cecilie. - Nice to meet you. We're doing the groundwork for what we've dubbed Our Common Future. Laugesen set the foreign minister up. Get someone else to write the story. Katrine will find a new job, but it takes guts to quit - - when you're a washed-out old drunk! You don't want this, or you can't, or you don't have the time. I want to save my relationship. We can't see each other. "Much that passes as idealism is disguised love of power." - B. Russell You lay a cornerstone when you build a house. We prefer the symbolism of planting a tree. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You see, the government has a plan to let our Danish welfare state grow. - Our Common Future. -This plan is about welfare. It's about education, tax policy and environmental policy. We need to work a little more and educate our young people better. We must compete on quality and take good care of the environment. Read more online about how you can contribute to our future welfare state. Our Common Future is our common responsibility. Cut! Perfect. Whose great idea was it to come here? H.C., we're planting a tree and an idea in the hope that it'll branch out. - Nobody plants trees in January. - It's symbolic. - Did my rubber boots show?. - No. Have a nice Sunday. -We can pass the bill with Solidarity. - No, we want a broad compromise. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Our Common Future represents the most ground-breaking change - -we've seen in the past 20 years. I want it to endure. I agree, so let's pass it with the leftist parties. It's fair to decide something based on a two-vote majority? Sure. Isn't that democracy? Or did I get something wrong? - I have an important meeting now. -Today? I'm meeting with the Liberals and New Right in an hour. If I close the deal with them, I have my broad compromise - - and then we have an enduring deal. See you. Have a nice Sunday. - What about the tree? - Dump it. Nobody plants trees in January, do they? GOVERNMENT Episode 15 - Plant a Tree My ambition is to close the deal with a focus on climate and environment. - What about Labour and the Greens? - I'm sounding out the field. The Danes are best off with a broad compromise. You're too hard on trade and industry. The crisis hit them bad. - Give them a break. -And the farmers. Give industry and agriculture until 2025 - -to meet your CO2 emission and pesticide requirements. That's a deferral of more than 10 years. We can't agree to that. - Can't we talk about it, Birgitte? -We can talk about everything. - Good. I hope you're not in a hurry. - Oh, I'm not. The government is hard at work on the environmental part of the package. They can pass it with Solidarity and Labour now led by H.C. Thorsen - - but sources say Birgitte Nyborg has approached the opposition, too. Why is Nyborg doing this, when she has a red majority? Nyborg likes to see herself as a bridge builder. This a major reform package, and she wants all of Parliament behind her. Torben Friis, isn't she gambling with her support? The Greens, led by Amir Diwan - - are nowhere near Hesselboe's liberal ideas about the environment. -You're still up? - I can't sleep. Anne washed your clothes, so you're all ready for camp. -When is Dad leaving for Boston? -The day after tomorrow. He's coming here for breakfast, before he leaves for the airport. When are you going to pack? - Hey, what's up? - I don't want to go to camp. - What? - I don't want to. - Sure you're going. -They're not my friends. Sure they're your friends. Now go to bed. Amir, did you get the compromise draft? Good night. Okay. Did you read my draft? I'm aiming for a broad compromise. I think we can get the support of New Right and the Liberals. I want your ministry to present it. Your green fingerprints are all over the deal in an admirable way. Look, this is not the issue here. Don't pretend this is the original package. - Because it isn't. - It's freezing. Let's walk. We had one of the most ambitious environmental policies in Europe. What happened? I can't find it in your draft. The global crisis happened. We can't hogtie the industry. - Still, don't let them steamroll on. -We're proposing harsh regulations. -And new green taxes. - But they've been watered down. And you're going solo in your negotiations with the opposition. I've been sounding out the field. I want this deal to endure. Great. But our policy is almost non-existent in the package. It's an environmental disaster. Sometimes politics is all about finding the best compromise. But it's also about fighting for your ideals. That's why we... I disagree with your wish to get the right wing's support. It's your prerogative as the PM. But it's my prerogative to decline on behalf of my party. Period. We decline to support the package as it looks now. If you retract your offer to Hesselboe, he'll indicate you're a weak leader. I am well aware of that. Amir is playing hardball. He doesn't see the potential of a broad compromise. Amir is a media darling. The hunky, well-educated Muslim. Did you see his spread in the Sunday paper?. He gets all the good press. He's not a team player. Did you read they installed a water filter at the Ministry for Climate? This is the most important thing I will ever achieve. A huge package comprising welfare, education and green growth all in one. Amir won?t support it, because we're cutting the industry a little slack. The guy's hypocrisy is amazing. He has a passion for vintage cars. He got an old Cadillac shipped in from Cuba. Areal gas-guzzling heap. Not very smart for a climate minister. - Why hasn't anyone told me? - I thought you knew about it. In a recent article in Metro man he called the car his refuge. -Why didn't the press latch on to it? - His popularity overshadows it. I refuse to go back to rigid bloc politics. I believe in compromise. If Amir is the only obstacle, maybe he needs to be... pushed a little. You want to remind the press of his hypocrisy? I want him back as a team player. If we can put a squeeze on him, just enough for us to rescue him... - Sure. - It's your move. - Katrine. What are you doing here? - I had a couple of meetings. I hear you?re no longer with the Express. They fired you? So that's the word? Is that what you said when I quit back in the day? Let me take a wild guess. You came here for a job interview. You're going to host the new hit show "Dance Dance Dance" - - or the new crime show or whatever. -You hold me in high regard. - Eating humble pie, are we? It's my privilege not to continue this conversation. See you. - Deep in the dark wood... - Was a little elf. - If you're lucky, you could... - See him wet himself. Great! Looking for this? - How long will you be away?. - Only a week. Remember to get me a Celtics cap. - Be careful when you cross the street. - Bye, sweetie. - Have a great trip. - Thanks. I think I ought to tell you - -that Cecilie and I are looking at a house on the coast - -we might be able to rent through a colleague of hers. - In the old coastal town? - Yes. Laura! I've been up there three times. If you want to say goodbye to your dad, now's your last chance. - You don't have to shout. - See you, sweetie. - See you in a week. - Do you want breakfast? You're not going to answer that. - How is she doing? - Fine. She's just turning into a full-blown teenager. This is probably not the time - - but Cecilie thinks Laura seems stressed and introvert. I think she's being a teenager and as such hard to figure out. - Sure. Just thought I'd tell you. - Fine. Take care. Have a good trip and tell Cecilie I said hi. Come downstairs, young lady. Our dear Amir is being halal slaughtered byTV1 outside. I usually ride my bike, and the ministry has a hydrogen car... That doesn't change the fact that you own a gas-guzzler. Yes, I do have a Cadillac, but I keep it in the garage. It drives a couple of hundred kilometres a year, max. Our climate and energy minister has cost - - the average motorist a fortune in green taxes. His vintage car just happens to be exempt from the green taxes - -that apply to everyone else's eco-friendly cars. Hesselboe, any comment? I'm amazed at the hypocrisy of the climate and energy minister. Politicians and ministers should always practice what they preach. The climate and energy minister will have to defend himself. The PM is not going to interfere in his personal matters. Okay, bye. I know about your strategy. Didn't you get a bit more than you bargained for?. Well... The press works in mysterious ways, but they've come down hard on him. Was it your idea? Hi. Hi. You're still not packed, I see. You're still not packed, Laura? -You leave for camp tomorrow. - No. - I don't have any nice clothes. -You have nothing but. - This is cute. - It's fucking ugly. - It makes me look ugly. - Stop that. - You used to love this. - I'm so fucking ugly. - I'm tall and skinny. - You're beautiful. I don't want to go to camp! It's so like you to answer the phone even though we're talking. So don't go to camp. I don't want to fight with you. I was just talking to Laura. Yesterday, Amir claimed he hardly ever took his Caddy out for a spin. The Express can prove the minister drove 2,000 km in it last year. First he went up north to hang out with the rich and the famous. He burnt at least 500 litres of leaded petrol in a couple of months - - in the environment he wants the rest of us to protect. Amir, not only are you a polluter, you're a big fat liar. I'm sure my voters understand I comply with all regulations... - You're leaving in 20 minutes. - Where to? - Camp. -You said I didn't have to go. Well, I didn't mean it, and you know that. So, you're still not packed? Then I'll just have to pack for you. - Magnus, did you find your book? - No. Laura, help me. Magnus, get your act together. I can't do it for you. Don't use that tone with him. Help him find it. -You're his mother! -Alright, okay. Are two pairs of pants enough? I'm not going to do it alone. Help me, Laura. Hey, hey, hey, sweetie. What's the matter? -You're always angry with me. - No, I'm not, sweetie. No, no. Hey... I'm not angry with you. I'm sorry. I'm not angry with you. It's just a crappy morning. You know?. - I won't make the bus now anyway. - I'll give you a ride to school. That leaves plenty of time, okay? Eat your breakfast and take a shower, while I pack. You have plenty of time, okay?. You're going to have a great trip. - Laura, I found the book. - Great. Put it in your backpack. I found it all by myself. -What would you like? - I'd like a smoothie. A blackberry smoothie with orange juice. Hi, Katrine. What a coincidence. What are you doing here? - I'm meeting a friend. - Hi. Sorry. This is Lotte, my girlfriend, and this is... - Katrine. -An old friend. I've heard so much about you. -All good. - Me too. Okay. I think... - I'll grab that table over there. - I'll be right over with the smoothie. Nice to meet you. -A latte, please. - Why don't you join us? No thanks. - Isn?t she stunning? -Very. -Anything wrong, Katrine? - No. I'm just trying to keep my distance like you asked me to. Those weren't my exact words. Want to meet up soon? We might bump into each other, when I go to see Hesselboe in Parliament. You're going to see Lars Hesselboe? Wow. Exciting. You're looking good. Thanks. Katrine, I really want to kiss you. Hi, Katrine. Sorry to keep you waiting. That's okay. My spin doctor left last week. That's a nice way of saying I fired him. The job's vacant, and I've had my eye on you for some time now. -Well, thanks. -Why did you go work for Laugesen? - Well... - You have thrust. You're articulate, and you have a keen political mind. You have everything my party's media adviser needs. I'm very flattered. And my signaling something else - - than core liberal values could be an asset, too. Your party is perceived as a bunch of stuffy old suits. So you need a young woman who looks like she holds leftist views. Exactly. And I'd expand your field of responsibility. You will be my spokeswoman during the election next year. And you'll come with me to the PM's Office, when we win. Well? What if I don't vote for you? None of my business. As long as you make others do it. Go home and think it over, and... Let me have your answer tomorrow before noon. Thanks. - Hi, sweetie. How are you? - I'm okay. I just wanted to talk. Is this a bad time? It's never a bad time for you, sweetie. What are you up to? - The others are playing softball. - That sounds fun. Does the party support your environmental policy?. - Mom, are you there? - Yes. - Did you have fun playing softball? - The others are playing. So you said. How's the food there? The case about the climate minister's Cadillac has erupted. What's going on? This pretty simple case has turned into a witch-hunt. All the papers have latched on to it. The tabloids are running some pretty tough headlines. Just goes to show the media are never above cutting down their darlings. - It's the politics of envy. -Thank you very much, Torben Friis. - How did he sound? - Cornered. The climate and energy minister is here. Kasper. Amir. They're coming down hard on you. I'm so sorry for you. It's the worst experience of my life. The accusations in Laugesen's book were nothing compared to this. They're lying in wait at my home, my summerhouse. They're blowing trivial old personal matters out of proportion... My kids are bullied, because their dad is "a liar". Some bastard put a note in my little girl's backpack: "All pakis are polluters." So I had to explain... Amir, I only see one way out. We have to get you some good PR. I know you?re a man of principle. But if you could support the broad compromise - - we could put an end to this. Let's do that, okay?. Sure. Sure, let's do that. -Welcome. Good to see you again. - You too. - So... Have you considered my offer?. - It hasn't been easy. -The proposed salary was okay? - Oh yes. -After you. -Thank you. -A drink? - No thanks. Lars, I have one major concern. How would the Freedom Party fit into a new government? They won't be part of a coalition. They're far from ready. Our little dance with Svend ?ge has been too close and cost us voters. - I want to distance myself from them. - Wise move. It'll signal change, and that is crucial. To you or the voters? In regard to this it makes no difference. Your stare makes me feel like I'm being examined. Consider it an advantage now that we're going to be team players. Good. I'm very pleased about that. I took the liberty of having these printed up for you. Thanks. - Like them? -They look great. Cheers, and welcome on board. 55,000 a month plus benefits, free travel, car and phone. Sounds like an okay deal to me. So what's the problem? You're not a Liberal. Three years ago you couldn't have done it. - But it's not three years ago now. - Touch?. I guess even a Liberal like Hesselboe has a heart. We're going to distance ourselves from the Freedom Party. Already you?re influencing Danish politics. - Hi, gorgeous. - Hi. I'm just going to grab a shower. The heating went berserk at work, so I've been sweating like a pig today. What the hell's all this? We have guests coming over. Don't tell me you forgot? What about the wine? This just isn't okay, Kasper. I keep making changes for your sake. I hardly ever see you. -You promised me this. -Want me to go get that wine? I'll get the wine! I'm sorry, but a dinner date doesn't mean that much - - compared to being outvoted in Parliament! -Where are you? - I don't want to get all touchy-feely. Well, what do you want? What do you want, really? Why don't you come and hold me? I'm glad to sawyer can pass the first part of our big reform package. We now have a broad majority in favour of the green growth package. I'm proud of the result on behalf of the climate and the environment. - Did it come at a price? - We can live with the concessions. At the end of the day, politics is getting the best compromise possible. Kiss me. Come on. Seems like I can't get anything right these days. Maybe there's a reason for that. I've been thinking... Maybe it's this apartment. Maybe you feel like you moved into my old relationship. Maybe. I don't want you to feel like a guest here. I want you to feel at home. I want to be with you. You know that, don't you? I'm sorry, but I have to check that. It's from Birgitte Nyborg. Trouble. I have to get in there. You know the drill. Don't wait up for me. I may stay the night there. Okay? The climate and energy minister is waiting for you in the Hall of Mirrors. Thank you. Good morning. -Are you okay? - Yes. - I've been up since the presentation. - I think it went well. I spent all night trying to explain to my party - -why we keep having to give way on key issues to be in this government. But I couldn't. They we?re ready to buy my bullshit once more. - But I just couldn't sell it to them. - Being in government is like that. What's the point, when you can't carry out your policy? We've escalated the Afghan war, and you let the industry keep polluting. - It's a compromise. Okay? - We're pursuing the Liberals' policy. - No. They also had to make... - Fine. I can't be in this government. The Green Party is resigning from government. Amir, stop this. Sit down. Will you please listen to me for once, Birgitte! It's not up for discussion. We're resigning. Are you out to topple the government? And get Lars Hesselboe back? You have 24 hours to mount a new government. We'll support this package, but after that it's on a case-to-case basis. It's going to cost you from now on. I'm considering calling an election, because the Greens have resigned. I probably won't, because Amir promised me - - they won?t topple us on the green compromise. So, hopefully, we'll get the reform package passed. If they vote for all parts of Our Common Future, victory is ours. -A victory that looks like a defeat. -Anyway, we've got 24 hours. We need to form a new government. Hi. I'm not coming home tonight. See you tomorrow. Call in H.C. and Pernille Madsen for an urgent meeting. Yes? The foreign and finance ministers are here. - We don't want to be disturbed. - Of course. -What the hell is going on? -Amir has had it with concessions. This is your responsibility. We expect to be compensated, ministry-wise. Ministries will be allocated according to party size. I propose we divide the Greens' four ministries equally among us. - But we didn't... -This isn't about ministries, damn it! Your insistence on a broad compromise - - caused the Green Party to resign. Your environmental policy is vague and your key issues random. - Someone has to take the wheel. -Yes, but the deal was closed. Let's have a cup of Jytte's very sour coffee. Acting up, is it? - I heard about your new job. - Yeah. - There. - Congratulations. Thanks. Want this? Yes. Laura, your mom's still in a meeting, and I have better things to do - -than talk on the phone, and so does your mom. Goodbye. Thank you. Keep me posted, okay? - What's up? -The government is falling apart. -The Greens want to resign. - How do you know? Old connections. What does my media advisor suggest? Demand an immediate election. Nyborg's support is waning. Let the voters decide who's to lead the nation. I agree. What will she respond? She'll tell you about negative parliamentarism. She'll say the government doesn't need to be supported by a majority. You'll respond that that's an arrogant interpretation of democracy - - uttered by a desperate PM. I've gotten myself a real media advisor. Yvonne Kj?r and Svend ?ge Saltum are here. Weren't we distancing ourselves from Svend ?ge? Not when I have to rush into an election campaign. I'm being tactical. If Nyborg goes down on this, we have to act fast. We want to signal change. Don't base your majority on the Freedom Party. Right now we just need a majority. When we take over the PM's Office - - we'll find out who our friends are. This is all about coming into power. Yvonne! - Meet my new media advisor. - Hi, Yvonne. Hello. I didn't expect to find you on our side of the fence. Looks can be deceptive. - Svend ?ge. - Hi, Katrine. Welcome to the club. Are you ready to give Denmark a new government? Sit down. I think it'll work. It may prove to be an advantage to have just a two-party coalition. I'll call you, when I've got the agenda for the press conference. Kasper, call a press conference tomorrow at 2 p.m. - Laura called. -Thank you, Jytte. Hi, sweetie. You called? I hope everything's fine. I'm free now, so call me back, if you want to. Bye. - Excuse me... Excuse me? - Yes. A Cecilie Toft is on the phone. - Did she say what she wanted? - No. - Birgitte speaking. - I've picked up Laura from camp. - Please hurry home. -Why? She just fell asleep on your bed. What happened? I think Laura suffered an anxiety attack. Her teacher said she'd been tired and sullen. She didn't take part in any activities and complained of a belly ache. It culminated today when she refused to leave the bathroom. She was crying. Apparently, it was quite alarming. -Why didn't they contact me? -They tried. So they called Phillip in Boston, and he gave them my number. When I spoke to her yesterday, everything seemed fine. I'm glad you stepped in, Cecilie. Thank you very much. Sure. - She won't call an election. - Then lean on her. -And your compromise with Amir?. - It's almost settled. If we can get Labour to resign too, the government is done for. - Is your government settled? - Why don't you say "our"? The Freedom Party will be expecting a couple of ministries, Lars. -Are the voters ready for that? -Afraid I'm going to scare them off?. Will it help our campaign, Svend ?ge? What do you think, Katrine? The Freedom Party is a protest party and still not ready for government. I agree. Look at your MPs. You can't be proud of them all. Hell, I know that. I'm in the process of cleaning out the loonies. You'll have to sit this one out again and continue as our supporting party. Our support comes at a price, then. More money for pensioners and the underprivileged - - and a tightening of the refugee and immigration laws. Is that possible? Nowadays you need a doctor's degree to get a citizenship. You may love your little immigrant shop around the corner - - but you don't know what it's like to be a frightened family - - living in a Muslim ghetto. Okay?. - No, I'm not okay with that. -That's quite enough, Katrine. I'm in charge here. I'm sorry, Svend ?ge. Let's get on with it, shall we? Good night, Yvonne. Good night, Svend ?ge. Good night. Put a leash on that filly, will you? I'll handle her. I want to talk to you, Katrine. - Lars... - Yes. This won't work. I'm not cut out to make you PM. Oh? Why not? Because I sincerely don't think you should be PM. I'm sorry. Good morning, sweetie. I'm so sorry I wasn't there for you. And for not listening when you said you didn't want to go to camp. I had no idea you were so upset. What happened? It's hard to explain. Try. Suddenly I was just afraid of everything. Afraid of the others. Of dying. Suddenly I couldn't breathe. And I couldn't get hold of you. You didn't answer your phone. I called you back right away. She kept saying you were busy. That you didn't want to talk to me. -Thank you. Good morning. - Good morning. Tell me, is it true - - that my daughter called you yesterday? Not once, but ten times? - She was crying and asked for me. -Yes, but you... -And the school called, too. - You asked not to be disturbed. What makes you think I don't want to be disturbed by my crying child? Well, this is the PM's Office and not a kindergarten. And as of now you no longer work here. Get out. Jytte... Well... Go away! You can't control your dog. It bit mine in the ear. - No way! -Train your mutt or have it put down! - Crazy bitch! -Well, hello there. I hate people who can't control their dogs. -Are you helping Liberals to victory? - I had to turn them down. I thought you said you were too old to be an idealist. I am. I'm going to host an emotional porn show on TV1. "Thicker Than Water". I'm going to reunite families. It means a lot to the participants, so hey. Congratulations. - I haven't been swamped with offers. -Thanks to Michael Laugesen. He's on the board of Channel 2, and he knows everyone. He drinks red wine with all the editors of the written press. - He's turned everyone against us. -You really think so? You bet. And it's working. I can't even even get a job as a page girl now. What are you going to do? I haven't got a clue. I'm getting old. - Let's go for a... - Don't give me that look of pity. I've got my dogs and two good bottles of red wine back home. - Weren't you going jogging? - Yes. See you. As the sun sets in Colombia, we leave Charlotte and her father - - who have found each other again after 38 years apart. -Thanks. We'll do a new test shortly. -Touching, Katrine. Fantastic. Thanks. They told me you'd agreed to host this "Thicker Than Water" show. You lend credibility to it, I grant you that. -You came just to tell me that? - No, of course not. - Ida's pregnant. - Little News at Six Ida? Come on, she's good. - Sure. Big boobs, very little talent. - Some people go for that. Look, I came to offer you a job. A six months maternity leave substitute. I hope you'll accept. And then... well. -What did you have in mind? - You'll substitute as host. And do some live features as well. How does that sound? - Gee, I don't know. - Okay, I get it. I say I'll give you 40,000 a month. Then you say you?re worth 60. Then I say you?re not worth jackshit after your little stint at Laugesen's. Then I say 41,000, and we land somewhere like... 45 grand a month? End of story. - Okay?. Deal? - Okay. We'll discuss perps and benefits, when you present your demands. I have just one. I want Hanne Holm. -You got that wrong. -You have a part-time opening. - 25 hours a week. - I'm the boss here. - I'm offering you a job. -And I'm very grateful. But I won't accept, unless I get to take Hanne with me. I don't even want to discuss this. Stop it. Torben! Hanne is the best political reporter in the country. Fine. So bring her. But it's your responsibility to keep the bitch sober. Okay. Fine. Wednesday, my office. We'll talk more. Kasper, please find Sanne who used to work here. - I don't know Sanne's whereabouts. - We transferred her. It'll be hard. You're the most powerful official in the country, aren't you? Kasper, come. Hesselboe just called to demand new concessions. He's not interested in that compromise anymore. Not now that he sees his chance to get into office again. - So now what? -The Greens and the Solidarity Party. Back to bloc politics. Birgitte, we didn't see this one coming. I can't see clearly anymore, Kasper. My compass is off. For personal reasons - - I've decided to resign as MP - - and as leader of the Green Party. I'm honoured and proud to have been part of our country's democracy - - and not least the Green Party. Come in. Is this a bad time? - Packing up. - Yes. I hear you?re resigning from politics altogether. Yes. Won't you reconsider? It doesn't have to end here. Think about it. I get that you need a break, but we can still cooperate. You're an extremely skilled politician. Your popularity will rise again. I'm too sensitive for this. I can't just shake it off. Did you settle things with Labour? - I'm presenting a new government. - Good. That's good. Amir, the story about your car came from the PM's Office. I wanted a broad compromise. It's the right thing, politically. I felt as if your vision was blurred. You weren't a team player. I tried to get you in line. Put a little squeeze on you. I deeply regret that. That just goes to show I made the right decision. I don't belong here. -You're a politician. - Did you come to beg forgiveness? - No, to get you to stay. -That won't happen. I don't know what we're doing here. When you made PM, I thought: "l wonder if she's too sensitive, too." But you weren't. I don't know what we're doing here anymore. We aren't the same people as when we started out, Birgitte. It's been a turbulent time, but we've braved the storm and stand strong. So I'm proud to present my four new ministers. Let's give them a hand. Hesselboe, a comment on Nyborg's minority government? I find it wrong and arrogant of the PM not to call a general election. The government has failed. The PM is firm in her conviction that we aren't housebroken. The red cabinet has gotten so small, there's only room for her, anyway. Did you get that last bit? Hi, Sanne. I'm so glad we managed to find you. For your information, this transfer was extremely difficult. But you managed. Good. Welcome back. Birgitte... Why did you want me back?. I need to be reminded of when I first took over this office. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 