Borgen: Season 2, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Borgen 
 s2e7 - Hvad Indad Tabes, Skal Udad Vindes - Del I - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Borgen (2010–2013): Season 2, Episode 7 - Hvad Indad Tabes, Skal Udad Vindes - Del I - full transcript 
 With the coalition at its lowest ebb, financier Joachim Crohne asks Birgette to intervene in the civil war between North and South Kharun which is crippling his oil industry interests. So, Birgitte secretly flies to Africa. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Laura had an anxiety attack. I think you should put her on medication. We don't condone giving kids happy pills! During your time in office, she's been a proper little adult. This has made Laura anxious. Pills are your best option. Who's Stine? You fuck her twice a week. Katrine, I love you. If you love someone, you share your secrets with them. Bent, I'm so terribly sorry about all this. - Amir is a media darling. - Let's put a little pressure on him. This isn't our policy. The Green Party is resigning from government. - I've lost my bearings. - We couldn't know this was coming. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 "Danes are doubters because Denmark's history is the story - - of the downfall of a strong tribe." - Johannes V. Jensen He's in the Hall of Mirrors with coffee and his favourite cookies. - I'll just be a moment. - You don't keep Crohne waiting. He'll have to get used to being treated just like the next guy. And don't go overboard with special cookies just because it's Crohne. That's the third jacket you're trying on, isn't it? I'm here because of Africa, but let me begin with something else. For the past 10 years Denmark has joined forces with the US in wars. Our immigration laws have done away with our image as a tolerant nation. Thanks to your good friend Hesselboe. Our poor reputation in the Muslim world has cost Denmark a fortune. Maybe DKK 1.5 billion a year. But now is our opportunity to set that right - 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - by taking a closer look at one of Africa's forgotten wars. - Which one? - Kharun. - You're aware of the situation? - Of course. Civil war. The Christian south wants independence. The Muslim north is opposed. The EU has tried to find a mediator among the union's heads of state. Africa is complicated. It's too much of a political risk to take on the job. - You aren't up for it either, ma'am? - What is your engagement in Kharun? In cool cash. A DKK 5 billion entrepreneurship deal to build oil refineries. The interests of Denmark's largest corporation can't dictate my policy. That wouldn't be the case. You'd be doing it for Africa. It won't appear so. So I'm afraid I have to let you down. My first impression of you was that of a visionary woman. - What changed? - Nothing. I just prefer my visions to be my own. Continued fierce fighting yesterday in the oil province of Sarifan - - around the town of Orisia in Kharun. Up to 250,000 people have fled the area. Foreign Minister Hans Christian Thorsen - - any positive outcome of last night's Security Council meeting? - I'm afraid not. - They did not reach an agreement? Yes, they agreed to urge the African Union - - to solve the conflict as soon as possible. But has the African Union ever stopped an armed conflict? - Not to my knowledge. - Thank you. More on this later. A friend at Berlingske Daily sent me this. The Freedom Party's new campaign. THANKS TO THE PM FOR INVITING LOTS OF NEW GUESTS You're welcome, Svend Ǻge. Episode 17 What Is Lost Inwardly Must Be Won Outwardly - Part One - They don't mince words. - They already began campaigning. - But election is a year away. - At the most, yes. The opposition knows Nyborg is in a tight spot. Let me interview the PM in the News at 8:30. Let's think even bigger. Saltum, Hesselboe in one corner. - Nyborg and Thorsen in the other. - Know what? That's a great idea. Let's do it in our new debate format. What's it called again? - "Dilemma". - Yes. Gotta love a live audience. - Katrine, you do it. - You bet. But only permanent presenters host "Dilemma". Sorry, Katrine. - It's all about network branding. - Listen to him go. You take the 8:30. Simon takes the 6, Ida's on leave. It's bloody good branding not to go black screen on our viewers. Get it? Good. The three of us need to discuss brief and international news. Right. - Kalle. What are you doing here? - I freelance now. Meaning you monitor the police radio, while everyone else sleeps. That too. I took some pictures of Joachim Crohne's limousine. - See where's it heading? - Parliament. Not a frequent guest there. The PM isn't in cahoots with big business. Think you guys can use it, or do only nerds like you find it interesting? Let me see if I can get Torben interested. See you. Roast chicken is fine. Anne, please get Magnus to eat his vegetables. And have Laura take her pill before she leaves, okay? Thanks. Bye. - The Freedom Party ad? - Yes. It's in almost all the papers. Svend Ǻge got full value for his marketing money. Everyone wants us to comment on it. TV1 called three times. They want you in "Dilemma" tonight with Svend Ǻge. I said no. Blimey, we need a victory soon. Why shouldn't we comment on the Freedom Party's views? It'll just confirm their criticism. - We will get a lot of Kharun refugees. - We've relaxed the immigration law. But isn't this the time to emphasise that ours is a different policy? We must stand by the laws we've carried through. - So you want to go on air tonight? - Indeed I do. Hi, sweetie. We've discussed Laura's condition, and things are looking up. - I think so, too. - Great. You look great with your new hair. But you have trouble sleeping? - I can't fall asleep. - Even though you're exhausted. A side effect can be lack of sleep. If she takes the pills in the daytime, she'll find it easier to fall asleep. - How long should I stay on them? - Depends on how it goes. - Could you give us an estimate? - A couple of months. It's important to keep taking the pills. If you stop, you may experience a serious relapse. Learning to live with your anxiety is a long, hard pull. She'll get well. No doubt about that. Welcome, Katrine. We're going to have a meeting. Right in here. Okay, I'm the host. Nyborg knows "Dilemma" has a live audience? Good. Saltum and Hesselboe are on board. We're still waiting for Thorsen... He'll be there. We're only discussing the Freedom Party's ad and Kharun. - Oh, come on. - No. And no election talk. - We don't want to just yet. - Wuss. Okay, fine. I'm surprised you agreed to go on at all. Is it because I did the asking? I tried to talk Birgitte into declining. Don't expect special treatment just because we're dating. No, Kasper. And that's mutual, by the way. - So, any comments on these? - Dirty pictures of you? It seems Joachim Crohne was here for a meeting on the 3rd. But when I check the PM's calendar, there's no mention of it. - I guess there was no meeting. - But there are pictures of it. We're on the 2nd floor. The Queen disposes over the 1 st floor. She plays bridge once a week with Crohne. The Queen uses her state apartment for card games? Ask the Queen. Let's get back to the debate, shall we? - True, the UN has some problems. - I have to cut you off here. Will the war in Kharun bring more refugees to Denmark? You can't look at it that way, Svend Ǻge. But won't the PM's relaxed immigration laws lead to - - more refugees seeking asylum in Denmark? Yes, Denmark will get more refugees, when there's war in the world. The government believes our nation is obligated to help those in need. Still, Nyborg, Denmark is struggling with the financial crisis and debt. - Can we afford to be idealistic? - We can't afford not to. We're the 12th richest country in the world. These are people in need. Lord almighty! Why must it be on Danish territory? Can't you just help them in their own countries? What do these people in their flowing robes want in the Danish suburbs? I'll tell you. Their country is at war. Their home is in flames. That's why we reach out to them. Don't you feel obligated to do so? It's wildly naive to think little Denmark can make a difference. Let me quote our wise old poet Grundtvig: "Our lot is not that of grandeur and gale. Let us stay close to the ground whence we hail." And so Grundtvig got the last word in tonight's "Dilemma". I'm sure the last word hasn't been said in this debate. Thank you for coming. Many villages have been destroyed. The Security Council convened and watched an interview with a girl - - who had been gang-raped by one of the many militias. North Kharun's UN ambassador rejects this as pure propaganda. The five permanent members of the Security Council did not agree - - on adopting a resolution giving the UN the mandate to intervene. Nor were any actual sanctions imposed. The sole outcome was a declaration of principle - - urging both parties to stop the fighting. I need to talk to you here. I know it's late. - Coffee? - No, thanks. What is so important it couldn't wait until the morning? Say I told you I think we should try to stop the war in Kharun? Then I'd say "great". - You're serious? - I'm considering it. The EU is urging a head of state to mediate. - No one has volunteered. - Because it's a lost cause. Okay? In my first speech I said I thought Danes were better than they thought. No, this is all about you. You're pissed off because you can't force anything through Parliament. But it's 3 a.m., and we have a long day ahead of us tomorrow. Kasper, sit down. Listen to me. We have a unique opportunity. We chair the Security Council at the moment. - The EU and the African Union... - It's a mad venture. The Norwegians tried to broker peace between Israel and Palestine. And they're still killing each other. The Oslo Accords brought Rabin and Arafat together. They almost succeeded. You've made up your mind, haven't you? Yes, I have now. Hello, Sejrø. Welcome back. - Thank you, Niels-Erik. - I think Birgitte is waiting for you. - Bent. I'm so happy to see you. - Likewise. - Good to see you. How are you? - Fine, as long as I take my pills. You're looking good, cane and all. You're doing fine. Kharun? Birgitte, you're insane. Didn't you try to stop her? - What do you think? - A change is sorely needed. Our foreign policy has been passive for ages. The PM's Office is high-ceilinged - - to allow room for great thoughts to be thought. And they sure are now. So now what, Bent? If this is to have the slightest chance, one thing is crucial. The North Kharun regime is islamistic - - and the conflict is already dubbed a Muslim-Christian conflict. You can't barge in, a modern pro-American woman - - and just drag North Kharun to the negotiating table. - A Muslim negotiator? - Yes. I know who, but it won't be a walk in the park. - Promise? - Yes. Hi. - Hi, Sarah. - Go inside, sweetie. - She's grown. - Yes. Amir, I was sorry to see you leave Parliament. And about the way it happened, and my part in it. You're smoking now? Not officially. You're aware of the situation in Kharun? Yes, a war is raging, and the UN is paralysed as usual. I'm contemplating becoming an EU mediator. North Kharun is Muslim, so I'd like a Muslim negotiator. Sounds like a doomed project. I know you have the polls against you, but isn't this a bit desperate? A major African country faces a catastrophe that could be averted. You're just out to boost your image. And I'm the nice Muslim and political lever in your prestige project. No. This isn't about prestige. I'm asking you to go with me into a burning house. Sorry. It's not my burning house. Good luck. Honey? Good to see you, Bent. Meet my permanent secretary, Frederik Vedfeld. Welcome. Goodbye, Monsieur. Okay, what are our chances of forcing the parties to the negotiating table? The British are choosing to follow the American line on this. - That line being? - They won't pressure South Kharun. The US "supports fledgling democracies". - With arms. - Any other bad news? France won't pressure North Kharun. Nor will China. Their ambassador made that very clear. They are a population of almost 1.3 billion - - with increasing energy demands. They buy oil in Kharun and pay in arms. So we're on our own in this attempt to force them to negotiate. But we've assembled a great team. I spoke to Amir, and he doesn't want in either. Well, we won't get any further today, so let's meet again tomorrow. - Yes. Good to see you. - Likewise. This village was destroyed long before the war broke out. We all know Africa is suffering. But it's yesterday's news, isn't it? We want people who are alive, vivid pictures and preferably Danes. I won't settle for a phone interview with a British anthropologist. - Our news must be alive. Okay? - Sure. Well, get a move on, for fuck's sake. - Aren't you going home, Bent? - After you dragged me back in? It's impossible. No one is interested in peace. That comes as a surprise to you? You have one year left in that chair. - Don't you want to do more? - Sure. It sounds nice and easy. Easy? You want to make peace in Africa. It's going to be the hardest thing you ever set out to do. You have something not many people have. You've got power. Everyone asks themselves what they'd do if they had the power. Sure. I'm the PM for a population of five million. You're head of state. Part of a club with just 192 members world-wide. If you call, they pick up. So, what do you want to do? - I want to stop that war, Bent. - Fine. - What are my chances? - I'd put my money on the war. You need an ally. Someone charismatic - - who will support you in the media. Particularly the ones who hate you. I'll try to broker peace in Kharun. - Interesting. - We may not succeed. - I'm going out on a limb here. - Why are you telling me this? You want me to admire your personal courage? No, I want you to support me in relation to the media - - and your friends in the opposition. What did you have in mind? If I fail, you're going to go public with your support for me the day after. Not on page 8, but on the cover of the right-wing papers. Please remind your friend Hesselboe to commend the PM on her initiative. That's more like it, Mrs. Nyborg. You're quite the businesswoman. Thanks. Well? I'm trying to find a Danish expert on Kharun. No one referred me to a state official, but to a businessman. - Okay. Who? - Niels Mikkelsen. He works for Crohne Industries, and Kalle gave me these the other day. Crohne's limo arrives at Parliament for a meeting - - that doesn't exist in any calendar. Coincidence? Crohne meets in secret with the PM after war breaks out in Kharun - - in which he has invested billions. Could be a coincidence. - But it's our job to distrust people. - Exactly. Katrine Fønsmark from TV1 News. Could I speak to Niels Mikkelsen? Why didn't you want to meet at Crohne? Because I don't work for Crohne Industries. I'm a close business associate of Crohne's, but I'm independent. Do Crohne Industries want to conceal their real business in Kharun? Investing in the third world is a high-risk venture. Many fail. That's why Crohne Industries let someone else make the overtures. Seeing as Crohne Industries' presence in Kharun is so significant - - I guess Crohne has an economic interest in securing peace. That's a fair assumption. Can you confirm that Crohne is meeting with the PM? You really have to ask Crohne or the PM about that. Government troops are allegedly behind massacres in Kharun - - to clear areas for oil companies. Do you know anything about that? No. But it sounds terribly unpleasant. Still, Africa is the land of many rumours. It's easy to get confused. - I'm sorry, but I have a meeting now. - Thank you for your time. Thank you, Monsieur Betancourt. Talk to you later. Bye. We've been through all relevant Muslims. None of them have the charisma and clout we need. We'll just have to make do with an interpreter. Good morning. We have Betancourt and the rest of the EU behind us. Kenya would like to play a part. Their resources are small, but still. Crohne is on board. Unofficially, of course. His powerful connections in Kharun are going to pull some strings. Time is essential. The UN got these pictures from the US. - More burnt-down villages? - No. Troop concentrations. - As could be expected. - This is far from the front. They're from the Nubisia region in the North. There's been ethnic tension between them and the North Kharun regime. This may end in ethnic cleansing. Under the guise of war many things can happen. What time frame are we looking at? - A ceasefire in four to six months. - But how will the situation be then? - Yes? - Amir Diwan is here. - It's a bad time? - No. So this is where you make peace in Africa. I want to help. But don't think I'm doing it for you. This is too important - - for me to let my personal issues with you get in the way. - If you need my help... - We do. We've got an addition to the team. I couldn't think of a better Arab-speaking negotiator. The diplomatic process may take up to six months. - Six months? - Yes. Well, we can be sure they've killed each other off by then. There is another way of speeding up the process. What if I, personally, conduct the preliminary negotiations? You want to go to Africa? That's a gamble. In my experience that will lend respect to the entire peace project. - Vedfeld? - It'll demand a coordinated effort. Isn't that what we're here for? It's crucial to keep this under wraps. We need to make the media believe - - it's business as usual here. We'd best get ready to leave as soon as possible. - Sorry, I'm a little late. - No problem. There's some leftover chicken for you in the fridge. - Is Laura okay? - Yes. She's mostly been in her room. - But we had dinner together. - See you tomorrow. Laura! Laura, I'm home. Come down, will you? Hi, sweetie. Had a good day? - Mum, I'm watching this. - You need to turn it off, sweetie. An important issue at work means - - I have to go away for a couple of days soon. You're never home. We always have to eat Anne's stupid chicken. I know, but this is a very important matter. - Granddad has agreed to come. - Granddad? Fine. - Okay? - Sure. Let me taste Anne's stupid chicken. What's up, Laura? I don't want to keep taking the pills. Laura, we've been over that. You just have to. Well, I won't, and I'm not going to. - Birgitte, what's up? - Laura refuses to take her pills. Okay. We need to talk to her about it and make sure she takes them. Yes, but I have to go away, and I asked my dad to come and stay - - but I don't want him to deal with it. Can you take the kids? Sure. Only we have builders all over the place, and I don't know... You could stay here. Sure. Let's do that. Great. North Kharun produces 480,000 barrels of crude oil a day. That says something about the importance of this area... I just spoke to Vedfeld, and we've had a little breakthrough. Your entry into the negotiations paid off. President Al-Jahwar has agreed to meet you in the capital Sahore. - Great, Birgitte. - This doesn't guarantee anything. No, but we've got our foot in the door. - We'd better get cracking then. - I've got shirts to iron. Bent... You've been a tremendous help to me, but... - Oh, I'm not going to Africa? - You almost died recently. Stop right there. I refuse to be sent packing now. The PM's Office can't take on the liability of letting you go... Don't let that paper pusher prevent me from going to Africa. No way. I promise to bring my doctor's statement, my walker and respirator. I'm going to Africa, for crying out loud. You can't do this to me. - Thank you. Bye. - Well? A Swedish oil company was charged with breaking international law - - due to the methods they employed in finding new areas in Kharun. If Niels Mikkelsen operates in Kharun, he must know something about it. You'd think so. Word is the Freedom Party is going to turn their rhetoric up a notch. Saltum says Nyborg is out to turn Denmark into a multicultural society. Interesting. Katrine is on at 6. What do you think the PM has to say about that? Do we expect Nyborg to come running every time Saltum challenges her? Who knows? It's worth a try. Call Kasper Juul. Sorry to keep you waiting, but here's our itinerary. Reporters are referred to me directly, if they call the PM's Office. We'll play the game. No problem. You're only gone for three days. What are you going to say, if they lean on you? The PM is in France. Keep a lid on it until both parties are on their way to Denmark to negotiate. - Good luck. - Thanks. We'll need it. - So, what did Nyborg say? - No comment. Did you lean on her? Get her to comment on Kharun as well. - And slip in Crohne's name too. - Hanne, it's not going to happen. Nyborg is in France to meet with their premier. Kasper and I ought to refrain from that kind of pillow talk, but you know... How on earth is she going to meet with the French premier? Last night I saw he's on a state visit to Hungary. Strange. North Kharun will say it's a conflict between Muslims and Christians. They'll do their utmost to come off as true believers. And therefore I doubt Al-Jahwar will shake a woman's hand. Place your right hand on your heart. That's a fine and proper greeting. That way we won't focus on differences. Amir. - Hi. - Hi. - Home already? - The PM's away, so I left early. I was told to get hold of her today, but I said she said "no comment". Please let me do my job. Just call - - and I'll make up some excuses. Wine? Yes, please. Nyborg is meeting with the French premier in Paris, right? I believe so. You're not sure? Hey, they don't tell me everything. So, no. - Hungry? - Yes. I'll run down and get some Thai. Hello, Vedfeld. Hello. Welcome to Africa. After you. We booked you suites and negotiating rooms at the Freedom Palace Hotel - - owned by the government. Be warned that all rooms are bugged. - Is the president coming? - We're working on it. - But he's an odd one. Distrustful. - Anything I need to be aware of? Yes. Al-Jahwar is a Cambridge graduate. He speaks fluent English, but will probably speak Arabic. To make a political statement? Exactly. No Western woman is going to teach him anything. You're on his turf, ma'am. The major oil fields at the heart of the conflict are Karni and Friendship. In the border area, right? The Sarifan Province. Al-Jahwar maintains that the election in the South was rigged. Election observers approved it. 95% of the population voted in favour. Downplay the fact that the president is wanted by the Hague Tribunal. Yes? I just said it was a disgraceful way to treat a Muslim brother. And? That Crohne Industries would like to give their head of state a gift. An expensive one. I wish to return the prime minister's gratitude. I'm sorry to inform you - - that your trip to Kharun is pointless. Our troops have all but defeated the South - - so I don't see any reason for us to make concessions. One down. Expensive promises. Aid is one thing, oil is something else. - Can we sell it to the South? - Let's just get the North to come. - Hopefully the South will follow. - The plane leaves in 50 minutes. Bent, I'm going to lay low. My Arabic dialect makes me seem pro-North. See you in the lobby. We have no connections there, but Niels Mikkelsen wants to meet again. Niels Mikkelsen is amazingly resourceful, isn't he? I can prove that the PM and Crohne are meeting about Kharun. You're a darling. You just got us our story. - Birgitte Nyborg is in Kharun. - The PM is in Africa? - I thought she went to France. - Kasper lied. Look. - Where did you get this? - From his briefcase. We can't use it, but Torben will have to admit it's a good story. You bet we can't use it. Aren't you dating? Yes, and we're on opposite sides of the fence. He lied to me. He didn't lie. The spin doctor threw the reporter off the track. It's his job. Well, it's my job to make the public aware of the facts. You only got hold of those documents because you're Kasper's girlfriend. You're in for it, if you use them. Torben will question your relationship to Kasper. The PM's Office will be informed. Your private life is your own matter - - but don't tell the guy you go through his stuff. If you want to keep him. - You're such a fucking genius. - Indeed I am. Jakob Lokoya is chief of the Tienga clan. He's a warrior, first and foremost. Not a sophisticated man. You'd be wise to acknowledge his skill on the battlefield. I'll do my best. Be aware of his harsh stance on homosexuality. It's common here. Should he touch on the subject, you'd best ignore it. I'm afraid we have a flat tire. But they're working on it. Sure, I will. Bye. - Everything fine back home? - Yes. We've got the EU behind us. And the UN is happy to have us doing their job for them. We're a long way from home, Bent. We sure are. Who's taking care of the kids while you're away? Philip. And our nanny, Anne. The kids love her. - How are Laura and Magnus? - Fine. Have you got any pictures? I haven't seen them in ages. - I like this one. - Aw! My, they've grown. - Laura looks all grown-up. - Yeah... Anything wrong? Laura has been suffering from anxiety attacks. It's pretty serious and has been for a few months. - I'm sorry to hear that. - She's seeing a psychiatrist. He put her on happy pills, so she's slowly getting better. And how about you? I can't... It's difficult. I can't help her, you know? If there's anything I can do, just say the word. I haven't really told anyone else. It's strange to... keep it all inside. - We're ready to roll. - Good. We've received more photos of the massacres long before the war. I thought Torben didn't want to run that angle right now. Look, put them aside for now, unless they're particularly interesting. I don't think so. No familiar faces in the photos. Okay. Just forget them. See you. - Who was that? - Dan. If you still want that interview, call tomorrow. She's due to arrive then. - From France? - Yes. - Let me just take this out. - No, she's not. - She's arriving tomorrow, but... - But what? She went to Kharun. She's been there the past couple of days. I haven't been able to tell you, but now it looks like - - peace talks will be held in Copenhagen. - Wow! Congratulations. - Thanks. I missed you. Want me to take out the trash? No, I have some more to put in the bag. - Wine? - Yes, please. - That went okay, Bent. - Sure. It went really well. - You're good, Birgitte. - Thanks. But I think we sold the same piece of land at too high a price to both men. They're coming to Copenhagen, Bent. To talk. That's what's important. Yes. That's what's important. Jesus Christ! Dad? It's 7:30. 7:30? Thanks, sweetie. Good morning, buddy. - I can't sleep on that couch. - Why don't you take the bed? Well, it's Mum's bed. - I'll be home around 4:30. - Okay. - Did you take your pill? - No, but I'll take it later. No, you'll take it now, Laura. Eat your breakfast, Magnus. Laura, take the pill. - Checking up on me? - Just take the pill, Laura. - Happy? - Sure, sweetie. It's important that you get well, that's all. Sure. Okay. Get dressed, okay, Magnus? TO BE CONTINUED @ http://thepiratebay.sx/user/Zen_Bud  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 