Attack on Titan: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Attack on Titan 
 s1e9 - Whereabouts of His Left Arm: The Struggle for Trost, Part 5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Attack on Titan (2013–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Whereabouts of His Left Arm: The Struggle for Trost, Part 5 - full transcript 
 A miraculous return is met with anger and fear. Cannons are fixed on Eren as he struggles to remember what happened to him inside the belly of a monster and how he ended up humankind's enemy. One question is all that matters: is Eren human or Titan? 
 
 Download 
   Over a century ago, beings that prey on humans suddenly appeared. Their absolutely overwhelming strength quickly pushed humanity to the brink of extinction. The surviving humans constructed three walls: Maria, Rose, and Sina, which brought them a century of peace. However... Unknown are the names of the flowers that have been trampled Birds have fallen to the earth and long for the wind Prayers won't solve anything Only the will to fight can change the here and now! O pigs who laugh at the resolve to walk over corpses to move forward Livestock complacency? False prosperity? Give us the freedom of dying, starving wolves! The humiliation of being caged is what triggers us to fight back We hunters slaughter prey beyond the castle walls, consumed with surging bloodlust, as our crimson bows and arrows pierce scarlet holes into the twilight The Titan assault on Trost District resulted in heavy soldier casualties, owing, in part, to the fact that the elite Scout Regiment was absent at the time. They had just left that morning on an exterior scouting mission. It's here! The main unit of the Scout Regiment! Commander Erwin! Give those Titans a real thrashing! Look! It's Captain Levi! They say he's as mighty as an entire brigade! Ugh. Talk about annoying... If their looks of envy catch sight of how fussy you are, it'll crush them. Outside await the Titans...! I wonder what kind we'll see this time! I hope we find some Abnormals! That'd be great! I'd say there's already an Abnormal right here. Huh?! Where?! Here. Move out! Exterior scouting and establishing bases for expansion... Entrusted with these duties, the Scout Regiment stands at the apex of humankind's knowledge. Survival rates have increased dramatically thanks to the resourcefulness of some members, but excursions into Titan territory still always result in casualties exceeding 30%. That's simply how overwhelmingly powerful the Titans are compared to humans. Just you watch...! Humanity is... ...going to destroy you all! The last ones standing... ...will be us! Just you wait... Captain Levi is gonna...! One on the right... Two on the left... Captain! I've gathered reinforcements! Petra. Tend to the soldier below. The rest of you, take the one on the right. I'll handle the ones on the left. Captain! Yahoo! It's okay! I won't hurt you! I promise! Nice try! Now it's my turn! Hiyaah! See? That didn't hurt. Every single one of you... ...looks as funny as hell... Whoops. Just simmer down. Otherwise, I might have trouble... ...shaving your flesh cleanly off. How filthy... Captain! I can't get the bleeding to stop...! Cap... tain... Yes? W-Was I... ...helpful to humanity... at all...? Am I... going to die... without having been... ...any help at all...? You achieved many great things. And... you'll continue to. The resolve you leave behind will give me strength. I promise you. I will put an end to the Titans, without fail! Captain... He's already... Did he hear it all? Yes. I'm sure he heard you. He's resting with a look of relief on his face... That's good, then. Levi! We're pulling out! --Huh? --Pulling out? But we can still go further! My men will have died for nothing! A swarm of Titans has begun moving northward, toward the city. This is just like five years ago. Somethings happening in town. It's possible the Wall's been destroyed. Damn... Damn... This... This can't be happening...! We're nothing like we were five years ago... We trained so hard... We studied so hard... To beat these things... To survive against them... Hot... It's hot... Help me... Mom... Mom... Mom... Mom... Help me... How did things turn out this way? Why has everything been taken from us? Our lives... Our dreams... Why?! Damn it! Damn it! Damn it! I refuse to give up! I'll drive them all out! Every last one! By my own hand! I'll drive you out... ...from this world... Every last one of you...! More... More! Kill more! I want to kill! More... I'm going to... ...kill more of you... Eren? Eren! Eren! Can you move on your own?! Are you yourself?! Tell them everything you know! I'm sure they'll understand! --Armin?! --Did you hear him?! He said he's gonna kill us! Yeah, I heard it too. He's planning on eating us! What are they talking about? Are they pointing those swords at us?! They're meant for taking out Titans, though! Why are they looking at me like that? What's going on here?! You cadets will prep up and remain on standby! ...And that's how we got ahold of some gas and got out of Trost. You went through all that? I'm sorry. We kept volunteering to help supply you guys, but... We'd even managed to secure some gas, too. D-Does that mean everyone who isn't here is...? Yeah... Even Mikasa? No, I'm pretty sure she came after us, with Jean and the rest... Jean. Don't tell me Mikasa got hurt or something? Hey. What's wrong? I can't tell you. We've been slapped with a confidentiality order. --A confidentiality order? --That's crazy. There's no way it's staying under wraps, though. The news is gonna spread across mankind like wildfire. Assuming mankind lasts long enough, anyway. That's pretty smart of the Corps of Engineers, using the Titans themselves as a defensive wall of flesh. But we can't afford to let our guard down. After all, we're standing on the cliff's edge-- the front lines in the battle between humanity and the Titans. What's the matter? Oh, no, nothing's wrong with our mission. I'm just worried about my friends assigned to the vanguard... I just saw a messenger headed for HQ with a pale look on his face... Yeah. But our only focus should be on fending them off, just as we were originally trained. I heard you helped three children escape five years ago and that they're cadets now. Were they part of the vanguard too? Yes... I apologize. I shouldn't have brought it up. They're fine. They're tough kids. They each have what it takes to survive. One's a proficient fighter. Another has immense inner strength. And the other is extremely intelligent. They're all right. They're alive for sure. Cadets Jaeger, Ackermann, and Arlelt! What you've committed is an act of treason! Whether you live or die depends on you! Huh? Should you try anything funny or attempt to move from where you are, we'll blast you to bits immediately and without hesitation! Huh? This is a direct question! What are you really?! Human?! Or Titan?! Wh-What kind of question is that? What's with that look?! It's almost like they're looking at some kind of monster... Is that what they think of me?! L-I don't understand the question, Sir! Playing innocent, huh?! Just try that again, monster! We'll blast you into pieces in the blink of an eye, before you can reveal your true form! True form?! Scores of people witnessed the moment that you appeared from the body of a Titan! We've allowed an unknown being-- you--to infiltrate Wall Rose! Even if you are a member of the Cadets as sanctioned by the king, it is well within reason for me to eliminate any risk as quickly as possible! Of this, I feel certain! The Armored Titan that took down Wall Maria could appear at any moment now! As we speak, the very survival of humanity is at stake! Understand?! We can't afford to waste any further manpower or time on you! I will bombard you with high explosives if I have to! Indeed, their defiance is obvious. It's unlikely we'll get any beneficial information from them. As you said, this is a waste of time and manpower. Sir! Now is our best chance! We should destroy him while he's still in human form! My specialty... ...is severing flesh. I'll gladly demonstrate it, if need be. If anyone wants to experience my technique... ...then please, by all means, step this way. Sir. Mikasa Ackermann was assigned to escort duty with us elite soldiers. Her prowess is equal to that of a hundred ordinary soldiers. Losing her would be a great setback for humanity. Hey, Mikasa! Armin! What is all this?! Mikasa! Attacking people won't help! There's nowhere to run inside this cramped wall! I don't care who it is. I won't let anyone kill Eren. That's all that matters! Let's talk this out! None of them understand the situation! That's why fear's spreading among them! Am I the only one who doesn't think I'm a Titan...?! Damn! I have no memory of how I got here! I'm too weak to stand, and I could end up dead if I say the wrong thing... Being killed by humans? That's insane...! What is this about me coming out of a Titan's body, anyway?! What the hell are they talking about?! How is that possible?! Does that mean that wasn't a dream?! If that's the case... ...that means I grew an arm where my sleeve is gone! That makes me practically like a Titan! That's impossible... How could I...? How?! I'll ask one more time! What are you really?! I can't answer this wrong... I won't be the only one who'll die... Yeah, I've always been... ...the same as you! I'm human! I see... Don't take this personally. This is just how it has to be. Because no one can prove... ...that they aren't a monster. Eren! Armin! Head up the wall! Stop! Eren. When I get back, I'll show you the basement that I've kept secret all this time. Keep this key on you at all times. And every time you see it, remember. Remember that you must visit that basement! This injection will make you forget all of this, so there's no use explaining now. Listen. You must retake Wall Maria and reach the basement! I'm certain this ability will help when that time comes! Their memories will tell you how to use it! Eren! You'll understand the truth someday, if you visit the basement! It will be a harsh, painful journey... ...but you must reach it! If you want to save Mikasa, Armin, and everyone else... ...you must learn to control this ability! Did we get him? This can't be... Your dreams are where your heart is They're more fragile than life itself Over and over you cast them aside, only to find more Now, rest in peace Pounding impulses defile the things we wish for and the more we forget the more we remember again In this beautiful, cruel world all I can do is ask why we're still alive Oh, with our strength--and our weakness-- what are we going to protect if there's no sense to anything anymore? "Eren isn't humanity's enemy," Armin desperately pleads. But the Garrison Regiment, consumed by fear and abandoning all logic, makes the decision to execute Eren. 
 
 Play Now 
 Download 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 