American Playboy: The Hugh Hefner Story: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 American Playboy: The Hugh Hefner Story 
 s1e9 - Down the Rabbit Hole: The Dorothy Stratten Murder - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 American Playboy: The Hugh Hefner Story (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Down the Rabbit Hole: The Dorothy Stratten Murder - full transcript 
 After the death of Bobbie Arnstein, Hugh Hefner retreats permanently to his Los Angeles mansion, only to face the murder of Playmate Dorothy Stratten. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪ [Hugh Hefner]  It was 1975. After ten years,  the Vietnam War had finally  come to an end. ♪When I became of age,  my mama sat me down ♪ [Hugh Hefner]  But the nation was reeling from revelations  of corruption at the highest level  of government. I shall resign  the Presidency effective at noon  tomorrow. [Hugh Hefner]  I was personally  struggling 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 after the suicide  of my assistant and longtime friend,  Bobbie Arnstein. ♪♪ ♪ Hey, ooh,  what'll I do? ♪ ♪ Looks like  it's the end ♪ [Hugh Hefner]  Chicago was full  of painful memories, and my girlfriend  Barbi Benton had recently found  the perfect place for us on the West Coast,  so I decided it was time to permanently relocate. ♪ When we party  get up ♪ ♪We party ♪ ♪ Get on the groove  drop down ♪ ♪ Come on let's go ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [Hugh Hefner]  It wasn't long  before my new mansion, tucked away  near Beverly Hills, became a destination for Hollywood bigwigs  and movie stars. [James Caan] That was pretty much legend, you know, I mean, because he would invite all these beautiful girls and all his friends. They'd, you know, show first-run movies at the house and have this wonderful banquet. The food was great and it was like the greatest nightclub in the world. ♪♪ [Hugh Hefner]  It's hard for me  to think of a celebrity who didn't come to one  of my parties back then. ♪Going through and through  and through and through ♪ ♪ Let's boogie down  until the end ♪ [Hugh Hefner]  New Year's Eve... Halloween... [cheering] birthday parties... ♪ Listen to the music  that we're playing ♪ [Hugh Hefner]  Each one was bigger  and better than the last. Some celebrities were  known to arrange their shooting schedules  around the parties just so they  wouldn't miss them. [Gene Simmons] I flew into Los Angeles for something called Midsummer Night's Dream. You had to dress either in underwear or pajamas tight enough where they can guess your religion. And when I walked into the Playboy Mansion, it's everything you could imagine. ♪♪ ♪ Gonna party ♪ ♪ We party hearty ♪ ♪ Hey let me  see you boogie ♪ [Hugh Hefner]  But the best part of  life at the new mansion was spending it  with Barbi. ♪ Gonna party ♪ ♪ We party hearty ♪ [Hugh Hefner]  For nearly five years now,  we'd been inseparable... ♪ We boogie woogie ♪ [Hugh Hefner]  ..and she had become  a celebrity in her own right. Hi, happy  Hee Haw haystackers! I'm Barbi Benton,  and I'd like you to be in the haystack with me  this week on the oldHee Haw. ♪♪ [Hugh Hefner]  Barbi started out taking on  small acting roles, appearing on notable  TV shows likeHee Haw andThe Love Boat. ♪♪ ♪ I want to spend my life  with a girl like you ♪ [Hugh Hefner]  But what Barbi  really wanted was to pursue something  she'd always dreamed of, a career in music. ♪ All the things  that you want me to ♪ [Hugh Hefner]  I'd recently started  my own record label. We didn't start out with very many  recognizable artists, but we did release  an early record by a little-known  group from Sweden who would later be known  to the world as ABBA. ♪ Ba ba ba ba ba  ba ba ba ba ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪♪ ♪ She outgrew brass  buckles on her shoes ♪ ♪ By 12, she was  filling out her jeans ♪ [Hugh Hefner]  After hearing her sing, I decided to sign Barbi as one of  my first artists. ♪ Do anything ♪ ♪ She was old enough  to try ♪ [Barbi Benton] Well, I was flattered that he asked me to be on the label. It was important to me that he asked. I would have been disappointed if he had just let me go to another record label and not said anything. ♪ She outgrew brass  buckles on her shoes ♪ [Hugh Hefner]  In 1975,  Barbi's first single, Brass Buckles, broke  onto the top ten on the Billboard  Country Charts. [Patty Farmer] Barbi Benton's career definitely took off. She was creating a career in her own right and he wanted her to be successful in her chosen profession and helped her along. ♪ She outgrew... ♪ [Hugh Hefner]  Barbi's success was an exciting time  for both of us, but I didn't realize  that the life we shared was about to change  forever. [woman] ♪ Every little movement♪ ♪ Every little thing  you do♪ ♪ Is it sleight of hand♪ ♪ That commands my heart  to love you?♪ ♪ Every little movement♪ ♪ Every  little movement♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ [Hugh Hefner]  With Barbi's career  taking off, she was spending  more time away on tour, leaving me alone  in the mansion... ♪♪ so I filled my nights  with people, parties and, soon, women. There were periods in the very beginning with Barbi, and that's what the relationship was, essentially monogamous, because we were traveling together and spending all of our time together. But we were separated for a lot of the time. ♪♪ There was a continuing string of new women in my life. After all, from the point of view of the editor/publisher of the magazine, one of the wonders of what I invented was, after February there is March. After March, there is April. And it supplied more than just a very tempting lifestyle and I succumbed to it without much trouble. ♪ Heaven ♪ ♪ I'm in heaven ♪ Morning, Bob. Hef. Dick. Thank you. So, uh, we just got the quarterlies in and, uh, it's not good news. Well, we knew sales couldn't keep climbing forever. Over 20 years on the rise isn't a bad run. It's worse than that. What do you mean? We posted a loss. How far does that mean magazine sales fell? It's not just the magazine. It's the company. The whole company's posted a loss. We've got problems, Hef. Major problems. How did this happen? [Hugh Hefner] Playboy had  overextended itself. ♪♪ As our success grew,  we'd expanded our brand by taking on new  business ventures... Action. [sword clanging] Oh, shit, guys. That's the place  we quit. Every time,  something breaks. [Hugh Hefner]  ...including  a production company, the music label,  a publishing company, a limousine service, and dozens  of other ventures, and now they were  all losing money. [Christie Hefner] That sense of identification that was so strong between consumers and Playboy was really what gave it permission to go into other businesses. Having said that, the challenge is, you still have to manage those businesses, and in Playboy'scase, the businesses might have logically fit under the brand, but the company didn't have the competitive expertise and depth of management to be successful in so many different businesses. [Hugh Hefner]  To make matters worse, our once loyal readers  were starting to drift. ♪♪ ♪Back at it Sally ♪ [Hugh Hefner]  In 1975,  there were almost 40 nationally-distributed  men's magazines, and they were starting to  cut into our market. ♪♪ The biggest of them all  wasPenthouse. ♪♪ For years now, Penthouse had been  trying to one-upPlayboy by showing more and more  explicit photos. ♪♪ But, by 1975, they had  taken it to a new level. ♪♪ Penthouse  was showing pictures of men and women  together. ♪♪ Threesomes... ♪♪ Lesbian scenes... They went so far as to  put nudity on the cover, even though that  meant it couldn't be fully displayed  on newsstands. ♪ Ooh baby  I'm calling your bluff ♪ [Hugh Hefner]  And finally, they showed  full male nudity, the first mainstream  magazine to do so. ♪ Yes I do ♪ [Arthur Kretchmer] I remember opening the first copy of Penthouse that I ever saw, and I said aloud, this guy is photographing sex. We are photographing pinups. It was simply more lubricious. It was a better job of the fantasy that the person you were looking at was available to you, that you might actually have sex. ♪ Well whoo ♪ ♪♪ [sighing] What do you think? Well, I know it's gonna make headlines. Art says it's going too far. It probably is, for some people. So you say go for it? Yeah. ♪♪ [Hugh Hefner]  I had always  remained adamant thatPlayboy's photos would leave something  to the imagination, but with the magazine's  finances in jeopardy, I felt I had no choice but to match  the competition. ♪My heart is aching,  yeah ♪ ♪ I feel so sad now ♪ ♪ I'm in a world of... ♪ [Hugh Hefner]  In November of 1975, Playboy published its  most explicit cover ever. ♪ This is the way,  yeah ♪ ♪ This is the way ♪ [Kretchmer] Now, the famous cover, her hand in her panties, I think he was very reluctant to print it, but we got mentioned in all of the stories, which was the whole point. [Hugh Hefner]  The controversy  surrounding the cover did sell magazines,  but not everyone was happy  with my strategy. ♪♪ The advertisers are upset. About? Well, it seems every month, you're showing more and more. It's getting more and more explicit. And now this cover... They are not happy. [Hugh Hefner] Playboy had spent decades building up  a sophisticated image that attracted  high-end advertisers. With thePlayboy empire already in  financial trouble, we couldn't afford to  lose our ad revenue too. I think that the time that Hefner decided to publish photos of a woman masturbating was probably more commercial than it was taking a stand about any particular issue, and I think that's a really fine line to take. I think occasionally magazines can generate so much controversy that they create a lot of noise around themselves, but often, that can create much more long-term harm than anything else. Thanks. Tammy... Linda... You're back. Just got in. How was Nashville? Fine. Hot. Barbi... Look, this doesn't have to be some big conversation. It doesn't have to be a conversation at all. Yes, it does. You know I love you. I know. You know I don't ever want to hurt you. I know. It's just... Hef, this place is a dream, but it's your dream. ♪♪ ♪ Daddy ♪ ♪♪ ♪ Won't you buy ♪ ♪ That pretty dolly  for me? ♪ [Benton] I think it was very hard on Hef when I became a performer and went on tour because I was gone a lot, and he was lonesome, so even though I was expected to be honorable, he kind of had that double standard and I wouldn't put up with it. Eventually, that was our demise. ♪♪ ♪ That sad old man ♪ [Teri Thomerson] When he was with Barbi Benton, I know that he's often said that was the most romantic time of his life. It's no secret that one of the things that split Barbi and Hef up was the fact that he had a hard time, at that time in his life, being monogamous. But they have stayed very close friends over the years, and I know they still love each other very much. [Hugh Hefner]  Barbi was gone and I felt  more alone than ever at the head of a magazine  that was falling apart. I suddenly felt like  I stood to lose everything... so I did something I had  resisted for a long time. I brought in an outsider  to serve as president and chief operating officer  of the business named Derick Daniels. Hefner had felt we needed a serious and qualified president of the company. We hired Derick Daniels. He ran the Miami Herald  and The Detroit Free Press and was considered well qualified for the job and well known. [Hugh Hefner]  Daniels' first order  of business was trimming the fat. He gotPlayboy  out of the movie business, closed eight clubs,  and cut payroll by 10%. With Daniels on top  of the finances, I was freed up to take  stock of the magazine. Even though our risqué  cover had given us a boost, by the end of the year,  our overall readership was down 2 million  from its peak and ad revenues  were down nearly 8%. I realized the only way we were going to  beatPenthouse was to concentrate  on what we did best. We focused on  sophisticated content, running the work of great  writers like Norman Mailer and Kurt Vonnegut... ♪♪ ...continuing our tradition  of uncensored interviews with celebrities  like David Bowie and Elton John... ♪ The way the world is,  get just what you can ♪ [Hugh Hefner]  And reflecting what  America was talking about. ♪ Tomorrow, riddled  as a man yeah yeah yeah ♪ [Hugh Hefner]  1976 was an election year. After losing faith  in Richard Nixon and the Republican  establishment two years earlier, many Americans were  looking for a candidate who could bring about  change in Washington. One of  the surprise frontrunners was a peanut farmer  from Georgia who was  pretty much unknown before the  Democratic primary. His name was Jimmy Carter. 1976, Jimmy Carter, going into the general election against the sitting President Gerald Ford. But Carter was an Evangelical Baptist who would occasionally say that he was born again. There was a great fear that he's going to take his religious values and now impose them on the American public. To counteract that, Carter's advisors convinced him to do this interview for Playboy. ♪ Everybody knows  everybody goes ♪ ♪ Make a buck today ♪ [Kretchmer] Jimmy Carter interview, 1976. The reason it was such a big deal is that a presidential candidate openly discussed lust in Playboymagazine. The media made it the deal that it was. We didn't know how that line, "adultery in my heart," was gonna play, but that issue sold 98% at the newsstand. ♪ Get just what you can ♪ ♪ Wake up again tomorrow ♪ [Kretchmer] No magazine had ever sold 98% at the newsstand before. ♪♪ [Hugh Hefner]  While everyone  was talking about what was inside  the magazine, we also redoubled our  efforts to makePlayboy a force for social  good in the world. Good evening. In Saigon, tearful farewells, but the promise of a better life as hundreds of Vietnamese orphans today began their journey toward new homes in the United States. ♪ Love is all around me  and so the feeling grows ♪ [Hugh Hefner]  The Vietnam war officially  ended in April of 1975, but it left a humanitarian  crisis in its wake and I wantedPlayboy to  do what it could to help. I deployed The Big Bunny  and dozens of jet bunnies to fly Vietnamese orphans to their new foster homes. ♪ My mind is made up  by the way that I feel ♪ In San Francisco, we met the children with our plane and they were flown to various cities in this country. It was a Playboybaby lift. ♪ It's written  on the wind ♪ ♪ It's everywhere I go ♪ [Hugh Hefner]  I also wanted to give back to my new adopted home  of Los Angeles and the movie industry that had inspired me  since I was a kid... ♪♪ ...so I threw  a fundraiser at the mansion to preserve  a Hollywood landmark. ♪ Love sweet love  won't you be good to me? ♪ The Hollywood sign was in decay in the '70s, and he had a fundraiser here. Lucille Ball, Alice Cooper both donated money to have it rebuilt. ♪ Anybody down  to party down tonight? ♪ To him, the Hollywood sign is our Statue of Liberty or our Eiffel Tower and what that represents. ♪♪ [Hugh Hefner]  I felt likePlayboy  was getting back on track. But while our other  ventures may have wavered, one part of the company  was still thriving. ♪♪ ♪ Get on down ♪ [Hugh Hefner]  Victor Lownes'  casino in London. ♪♪ ♪ Get up ♪ ♪♪ [Hugh Hefner]  Thanks to a weak pound and steady stream  of oil money from Middle Eastern sheiks  and businessmen... ♪ Gotta get up ♪ [Hugh Hefner]  ...the casino  was bringing in $26 million annually. ♪ Get on down ♪ ♪ Gotta get up, gotta  get up, gotta get up ♪ ♪ Sit on down ♪ [Victor Lownes] The money that we made here in London was supporting the entire Playboyoperation. ♪♪ ♪ Sit on down ♪ ♪♪ Playboyeditorial couldget better contributors as a result, just with the extra money that we were plowing into the main office. [Hugh Hefner]  With the success  of the London casino, Victor began to believe  the rest ofPlayboy could recover financially if we could  duplicate the formula that worked in London  here in the U.S. And he knew just  the place to do it. ♪♪ Atlantic City. ♪♪ ♪ Deep in the jungle  where the coconuts grow ♪ [Hugh Hefner]  Gambling had  only been legalized in Atlantic City  since 1974, and developers were  already buying up land and starting to build  a casino and resort strip to rival Las Vegas. ♪ A monkey over here  monkey over there ♪ [James Karmel] I think it was almost a natural that Hugh Hefner would look at Atlantic City as a great opportunity to help revive the Playboy  Enterprises company. The idea was, we can bring in a high clientele of gamblers, just the way they had in England, by offering up this kind of Playboyexperience and, you know, bringing it to the Jersey shore. [Lownes] It's just that I think we have a real opportunity here. We have the chance to establish ourselves as the premiere casino in all of the East Coast. And you don't anticipate any issues managing Atlantic City and London at the same time? Not at all. But we do run the risk of you being stretched thin, and from my experience, that can lead to oversights. Look, Daniels, I've been doing this for a while now, and you're the new guy, okay? So, why don't you just focus on getting everything on your end taken care of and I'll take care of mine. How about that? Victor hasn't let us down yet. And I don't intend to. Fine. I'll get the ball rolling. Thanks. [Hugh Hefner]  While Victor and  Daniels got started on our biggest casino yet, I turned my attention  to an upcoming milestone for the magazine... ♪♪ ...our 25th anniversary. ♪♪ Our January 1979 issue reflected how far  we'd come both as a magazine  and as a culture, from our 1953 cover  with Marilyn Monroe, when no one was  even talking about sex, to our fight in court  for freedom of speech over Jayne Mansfield's  photos, and our coverage of  civil rights in Vietnam. The 25th anniversary issue featured articles  by famous writers like Shel Silverstein  and Gore Vidal and an in-depth interview  with Marlon Brando, but the real centerpiece of our 25th  anniversary celebration was The Great  Playmate Hunt. ♪♪ ♪ Never had the pleasure ♪ ♪ Of loving you ♪ [Hugh Hefner]  Over the course  of six months, we sent out photographers  to 28 American cities in search of  the most beautiful women across the country. ♪ You're everything  that I desire ♪ [Hugh Hefner]  The result  was a pictorial featuring our  16 gorgeous finalists. ♪♪ ♪ All because  you're so unique baby ♪ ♪ I can't help  but love you girl ♪ ♪ None can compete  girl with you ♪ ♪ You ♪ ♪ Oh oh ♪ ♪ Ah ♪ [Hugh Hefner]  And the winner  of our $25,000 prize was a 23-year-old  Oklahoma college student named Candy Stanton. ♪♪ We threw a giant party  to celebrate... ♪♪ ...inviting movie stars, along with much of  Playboy's original staff... ♪♪ ...like my old friends  Eldon Sellers and Vince Tajiri. Even former Playmate  Janet Pilgrim was on hand. But the girl that  caught my eye that night wasn't the winner  of the hunt... Hi. [Hugh Hefner]  ...but the runner-up. Hi. [Hugh Hefner]  A 19-year-old  named Dorothy Stratten. Pictures didn't do you justice. Looking at you now, I don't see how you didn't win. Oh. It was just an honor to make it as far as I did. All of this, it's incredible and a little overwhelming, to be honest. Well, you'll have plenty of time to get used to it. I have a feeling you're gonna be here a lot. ♪♪ ♪ You're up on  your feet now baby ♪ ♪♪ [Kretchmer] Dorothy Stratten was a beautiful, phenomenal blonde who came into Playboy'slife. ♪ I know ♪ She was striking in the most old-fashioned movie star-- You couldn't believe that someone was put together like this. ♪Since the day  I met you ♪ [Hugh Hefner]  As a young girl,  Dorothy was raised in a broken home  in Vancouver, Canada. [Stephen Martinez] Dorothy Stratten grew up in a family with a single mom raising three kids. She worked behind the counter at the Dairy Queen. ♪♪ [Hugh Hefner]  It hadn't been  Dorothy's idea to enter  The Playmate Hunt. It was her boyfriend,  a man named Paul Snider, nine years older than her, who had sent us  her pictures. [Martinez] Paul Snider would recruit women to model in car shows. He was just trying to hustle any way he could to get beautiful women, so he walked into the Dairy Queen, saw Dorothy, you know, this beautiful woman behind the counter, and thought, you know, this girl is the girl next door. [Hugh Hefner]  Dorothy married Paul and brought him  with her to L.A. ♪♪ In August of 1979, we made Dorothy  Playmate of the Month. ♪♪ Her pictorial became  a favorite with readers. ♪♪ We began featuring her inPlayboy  television specials. Hey, Dorothy's coming. I'll bet you $100 she'll pretend not to see me. [Caan] She was the most beautiful girl I'd ever seen. I was convinced that in Vancouver, you know, there's some mad scientist working on some kind of beauty pill. It was just mindboggling. ♪♪ [Hugh Hefner]  Her charisma  was undeniable... ♪♪ ...and Dorothy soon  used herPlayboy celebrity to start an acting career. ♪♪ Over the next few months,  Dorothy was cast in roles on the hit TV show  Buck Rogers, Fantasy Island, and in the sci-fi movie  Galaxina. ♪♪ But her big break came when Oscar-winning director  Peter Bogdanovich cast her in his new movie,  They All Laughed, alongside John Ritter,  Ben Gazzara, and Audrey Hepburn. ♪♪ And now, it gives me  a great deal of pleasure to welcome all of you  here for the presentation of our 1980  Playmate of the Year, and she is something  rather special, Canadian-born  Dorothy Stratten. Dorothy, you want to  come up here? [cheers and applause] I'm sure that this has  been many a girl's dream and certainly many of  the Playmates' dream, and it's been mine. [cheers and applause] [Hugh Hefner]  Dorothy's star  was on the rise... ♪♪ ...but no one suspected that her personal life  would begin to haunt her. What is it? Uh, it's Paul. He's at the front gate, demanding to be let in. Oh, my gosh. I told him this was just... Is he causing a scene or...? No, they would have called the police. He's just refusing to leave. Dorothy, if you need me to do anything... No, no. It's fine. Here is this guy that discovered her, and all of a sudden, now she's in movies. She's Playmate of the Year. Her career is blossoming. ♪♪ I think he started really losing it and getting paranoid like he's losing her. [Hugh Hefner]  I was proud of Dorothy and glad she was  leaving for New York to shoot Bogdanovich's  film without Paul. [emcee] Let's hear it for Hef! Hey! [cheering] [Hugh Hefner]  Around the same time, one of my own dreams  was coming true. [emcee] We have a ceremony today for the 1,716th star to be placed in the Walk of Fame. [cheering] [Hugh Hefner]  Those of you  who know me best know what a very,  very special day today is. I have chosen to make  Southern California my home. This town, the dreams  that are created, the films that  are created, undoubtedly have  more influence on me than any other single  factor in my life, and I just want you to know  that it means more to me than a Pulitzer Prize. Thank you very much.  I mean it. [cheers and applause] [Hugh Hefner]  I was honored to be a real  part of Hollywood history, something I'd dreamt about since I was a kid  growing up in Chicago. But while I was receiving  accolades, I had no idea the trouble in Dorothy  Stratten's personal life was building... ♪♪ ...because while she  was working in New York, her husband Paul  was unraveling in L.A. ♪Today I'm just  a lonely man ♪ ♪ But tomorrow  I'll be okay ♪ [Martinez] While the film was filming in New York, Peter Bogdanovich started having an affair with Dorothy on the set. ♪ The whole wide world  will watch me ♪ ♪ As I walk up  to my throne ♪ ♪Knights  in shining armor... ♪ And that just kind of drove Paul Snider a little mental. ♪ Why ♪ ♪ Why ♪ ♪ Have I lost you? ♪ ♪ Have I lost you? ♪ ♪ Why? ♪ ♪ Why? ♪ ♪ Tell me why... ♪ ♪♪ Miss Stratten, you have a phone call. Thanks. Hello? Hello? Don't... Don't hang up. How did you get this number? Why are you doing this to me? You think I don't know what unavailable means? Unavailable means "fuck you, Paul." I know you're fucking him. Paul, stop. Please stop. All I did was love you from the moment I met you, but you don't love me anymore. You don't love me anymore, huh? I just want to be happy. [sniffles] Just let me be happy. [exhaling] Baby, see me one more time? Please? Just once. Okay, well, I've got to go now. I love you. ♪♪ ♪ You're gonna  make me cry ♪ ♪♪ ♪ You're gonna make... ♪ [Hugh Hefner]  When the film wrapped, Dorothy returned to L.A., ready to tell Paul  that she wanted a divorce. ♪Oh baby ♪ ♪ Don't make me cry ♪ [knocking] [music playing softly on stereo] Didn't have to knock, baby. This is your house. ♪♪ It's over. My lawyer will contact yours. ♪♪ You'll be looked after. ♪♪ I promise. ♪♪ Endings are never easy. ♪♪ [volume increasing]  ♪ Want to hold her tight ♪ ♪ Lord make her  be all right ♪ ♪I'm afraid  for the scrubby pine ♪ ♪ All the sweet  honeysuckle vine ♪ ♪ I'm afraid for my home ♪ ♪For the fields  that I roamed ♪ ♪Kick along down  a homeward road ♪ ♪And your heart's  gotta take the load ♪ ♪I'm afraid  to go home ♪ ♪I'm afraid to go home ♪ [gunshot] Read it and weep, Hef. Oh, really? Yeah. [laughing] What's the matter? The police are on the phone. The police? It's Dorothy. Hugh Hefner. Mr. Hefner, this is Detective Simmons with the LAPD Homicide Division. We are currently conducting an investigation at 10881 Clarkson Road in Rancho Park and have identified the victim's body as a Miss Dorothy Stratten. I'm very sorry to have to call you with this news, but it's my understanding that you can assist us in notifying next of kin. Did Snider do this? I'd very much like to leave my number with you so that, should I need any more information... Paul Snider, her husband. Her ex-husband. They're separated. Mr. Hefner... You have to find him. He might try and leave the country. Mr. Hefner, Mr. Snider's body is also at the scene. We're treating this as a murder/suicide. [Hugh Hefner]  On August 14th, 1980... ♪♪ Paul Snider shot and  killed Dorothy Stratten... ♪♪ and then turned the gun  on himself. She was only 20 years old. ♪♪ The Dorothy Stratten situation was... was awful. ♪♪ She was the most beautiful girl I've ever seen and sweet and... I don't know, macho me, I'd try to protect her. ♪♪ I didn't even know she was married to that creep. [Hugh Hefner]  As details of the horrific  crime were made public, my shock turned to horror. ♪♪ I wondered  if there was something I could have done  to save her. ♪♪ Hef was deeply affected by Dorothy's death. ♪♪ He felt very protective of her and believed that she was with a bad guy and hoped very much that she could and would leave him. ♪♪ [Johnny Carson]  Yeah. You...  You're from Vancouver. [Dorothy Stratten]  Uh-huh. [Carson]  Now, what did you do  in Vancouver? Were you a professional  model at all before...? [Stratten] No, I had just graduated from high school when I was approached byPlayboy and I was working in a telephone company. I was a clerk typist. You're putting me on. No. I worked there just six weeks before they carried me away. That was a good move. [laughter] The only good thing  that ever came out of the  telephone company. [Hugh Hefner]  In the span of five years, I lost both Bobbie...  now Dorothy. [Hugh Hefner] Death... It's the one injustice that is universal. It's the great injustice that you have to deal with. ♪♪ But Dorothy... It was so unjust. ♪♪ [woman] ♪ Every little movement♪ ♪ Every motion of your hips♪ ♪ I feel the compulsion♪ ♪ To pull you  to my sweet lips♪ ♪ Is it a black magic spell♪ ♪ You put me under?♪ ♪ This miracle moment♪ ♪ Never let it end♪ ♪ Every little movement♪ ♪ Is beyond improvement♪ ♪ You are the magician♪ ♪ I've been wishing for  forever♪ ♪ Every  little movement♪ ♪ Every little movement♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 