American Playboy: The Hugh Hefner Story: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 American Playboy: The Hugh Hefner Story 
 s1e8 - Sex, Drugs and DEA Investigations - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 American Playboy: The Hugh Hefner Story (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Sex, Drugs and DEA Investigations - full transcript 
 Hugh Hefner's secretary and close friend, Bobbie Arnstein, finds herself at the center of a conspiracy to take down the Playboy empire and her loyalty to Hefner proves deadly. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [♪ Steppenwolf: "Faster Than the Speed of Light"] [Hugh Hefner]  The year was 1971. Hot pants and bell bottoms  were the latest trends. Simon and Garfunkel's  Bridge Over Troubled Water was album of the year. And a controversial new sitcom called inAll in the Family premiered in prime-time. Playboy had grown bigger  than ever before... ... thanks to increasing  magazine sales and over 15 Playboy clubs  around the world. On top of the clubs, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 we'd also started opening  luxury vacation resorts. [man]  Mr. Hefner has spent  no less than $10 million in building a resort  that makes the Taj Mahal look like a Quonset hut. Okay, let's shoot. [man] Action! [Hugh Hefner]  We also expanded into even more side ventures, including a TV and film  production company. [actors grunting] We produced an adaptation  of "Macbeth," directed by Roman Polanski... ... and the first movie from the British comedy  troupe, Monty Python. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The Playboy brand  was recognized all over the world... and what had started  as just a magazine was now a multinational  entertainment corporation worth $200 million. Nike is a brand, but Reebok is a shoe company. Virgin is a brand, United is an airline. Playboywas a brand, and that means that you can move from one category to another, because you represent not a single product but an attitude toward life. [rock music] [Hugh Hefner]  Our success made us  very attractive to Wall Street investors... ... so that year I decided  to take the company public. [man] Playboy goes public. Now you bring in a tremendous amount of capital, which you can then reinvest, and it's a signal of the kind of normalization of the pornography business. I mean, what's more establishment than Wall Street? [Hugh Hefner]  The influx of cash  was a huge boost, and it felt good to have  the world acknowledge Playboy as a legitimate business. But the magazine was still  facing one major challenge. Ongoing competition  fromPenthouse. [♪ Small Faces: "E to D"] Since 1969, Penthouse had been  pushing the envelope with pictures that  madePlayboy look tame. Over the past two years,  they kept getting raunchier, and their subscription  had grown by 600%, to 1.3 million per month. Playboy still had nearly  five times as many readers, but I knew that if we  were going to continue to stay ahead  of the competition, Playboy would have to show a lot more than  we ever had before. ♪ Every little movement ♪ ♪ Every little thing  you do ♪ ♪ Is it slight of hand ♪ ♪ That commands my heart  to love you? ♪ ♪ Every little movement ♪ ♪ Every little movement ♪♪ So what do you think we should do? Honestly? Nothing. Do you honestly want to publish pictures like that? No, I want to publish better pictures. And I know we can. Respectfully, we already do. Agreed. This has to do with Playboy's brand. What do you want that to be? The best! We have the best photographers in the world begging to work with us. We didn't get where we are by being complacent. There is so much more we can explore, more we can do, without losing sight of what Playboyis about. [Hugh Hefner] Playboy had shown a glimpse of pubic hair earlier in the year, but until now, I'd been  hesitant to do it again. [Patty Farmer] Hef always stayed away from showing full frontal nudity, but Playboy was actually losing subscribers over to Penthouse. So Hef was pushed in the direction of upping the game. [Hugh Hefner]  I knew we needed to publish  a full-frontal centerfold, but I wanted to do it  thePlayboy way, with polish and sophistication. To pull it off, we'd need  to find the perfect model. Luckily, Victor Lownes knew  just the girl for the job. [♪ Flying Burrito Brothers: "Cody Cody"] She was a bunny working  at the London Playboy Club... named Marilyn Cole. Marilyn had a fantastic figure. I sent snapshots of her to Chicago and said they ought to test this girl for Playmate material. [Marilyn Cole] I was quite surprised when Victor suggested I should be a Playmate. Not having been a model, he was the one who sort of discovered me, and then I was sent to Chicago. [Hugh Hefner]  Lownes was right. Marilyn was the perfect  centerfold. But her photo represented a whole new direction  for Playboy. [door opens] It's Miss January. I'm getting a lot of push-back from spec. And art. Would you print it? Are you kidding me, Hef? We both know you've already made up your mind. Yeah, maybe. [♪ Spooky Tooth: "It's All a Roundabout"] [Hugh Hefner]  In January of 1972, Marilyn Cole became our first  ever full frontal centerfold. The issue was our  biggest seller to date. I became the first full-frontal nude. What a legacy, but anyway... I've often been asked, how did it feel? And I always think, "Well, the point that you disrobe, you become someone else." That's the only way you do it. It did cause a sensation, certainly here in Britain, because, "A," I was English, and, "B," it was tabloid press at that time. [Victor Lownes] When she showed them to her mother, her mother said, "Your hair looks very nice, dear." That was her mother's only comment. [Hugh Hefner]  From that point on,  there was no turning back. By the end of 1972, our circulation  exceeded seven million, the highest it had ever been,  so we had a lot to celebrate. [piano music and party chatter] Hey, Kretch? This is my boyfriend, Ron. Hi. [Hugh Hefner]  In those days, no one seemed happier  than my longtime friend and personal assistant,  Bobbie Arnstein. She had recently started dating a man named Ron Scharf. I've seen your issue. My favorite. Hey, this is Hef. Hugh Hefner, hi. Ron. Nice to meet you, finally. You, too, I've heard a lot about you. Okay, we're gonna take a tour. Enjoy dinner! Come on. So this is the great room... [Hugh Hefner]  I wasn't crazy  about her new boyfriend, but I did like to see  Bobbie happy. [♪ James Gang: "Midnight Man"] For over a decade,  Bobbie had been my assistant, but she'd also become  one of my closest friends. She lived full-time  at the mansion, so she was always around  when I needed her. Bobbie became absolutely indispensable to me. Not only because of the role that she played, but also because of her own particular abilities. She had a remarkable sensitivity and sense of humor. And was uncommonly bright. Bobbie was also part of my social life. Okay, don't forget, on Thursday you've got a meeting at the mayor's office. And then Friday, board meeting at 2:00 p.m., so you gotta look sharp for that. I left your gray suit out. It's been pressed. Any questions, talk to Dick. I don't know how I'm going to survive without you, Bobbie. You'll be fine. All right. Have a safe trip. Don't do anything I wouldn't do. Not touching that one. [Hugh chuckles] [♪ Jimmy Cliff "Time Will Tell"] Did you pack the suntan lotion? Hmm? I put it out with everything else. Well, then I packed it, okay? It's not here. [sighs] Maybe you put it in your bag? Hey, hey... Just... buy another one, okay? Here, there's a place on the corner. I'm sure they'll have some. Hey, man, how's it going? Yeah, good, come on in. Who's she? Bobbie? Don't worry, she's cool. [man] So how much you want? Let's do a half. Three, four... [camera shutter clicks] Hey, are you a friend of Ron's? Uh, yeah. I'm Bobbie. [camera shutter clicking] Uh, you are? Nice meeting you. [Hugh Hefner]  Bobbie thought she was  on an innocent vacation with her boyfriend. But what she didn't realize  was that she was about  to become entangled in a government  investigation. [♪ James Gang: "Woman"] By the 1970s,  the hippie drugs of the '60s, like marijuana and LSD, had given way  to harder substances, like cocaine and heroin. President Nixon declared drugs a crisis in American life. [Richard Nixon] We must wage total war against public enemy number one: the problem of dangerous drugs. [Hugh Hefner]  To crack down on their use, Nixon created a new Drug  Enforcement Administration. The DEA was tasked  with bringing down anyone suspected of breaking  federal drug laws. What's this? That's Miami drug trafficker George Matthews. We've been monitoring him for a couple of years now. Finally nailed him, thanks to this guy, Ronald Scharf. Small-time drug dealer based here in Chicago. He bought half a pound off Matthews and tried selling it to one of my informants. Who's the girl? You know Playboypublisher Hugh Hefner? Well, that is his personal assistant, Bobbie Arnstein. [Hugh Hefner]  When a photo of Bobbie  landed on the desk of Chicago prosecutor  James Thompson... he immediately  saw an opportunity to turn this small drug case into something that could  make his entire career. [Richard Rozenzweig] Jim Thompson had political aspirations, and this was going to be his singular success in nailing Hef for some kind of drug conspiracy, which was totally false. [Hugh Hefner]  While Thompson  opened his investigation... ... I was spending  more and more time with my girlfriend,  Barbi Benton. We had been dating  for over four years and spending a lot of time  in Los Angeles. So much time, Barbie convinced me it was time to buy a house, and she'd found  the perfect spot. [Barbi Benton] I was looking for a house, and our driver mentioned a gate on Sunset Boulevard that had a lock on it. So I hopped the fence, walked up the long driveway, and saw this beautiful house. So I called the people to find out if they would consider selling their house. And, as luck would have it, they said that they would consider. I got Hef to come out. He loved the grounds, he loved the house, and... he got it. [♪ Billy Preston: "Nothing From Nothing"] [Hugh Hefner]  The new house sat on 5.3 acres on the edge of Beverly Hills. And, in typical  Playboy fashion... ... I quickly made it my own. I built a winding, outdoor pool with waterfalls  leading into a grotto... ... with artifacts  and fossilized insects in the ceiling. I had the largest grove of  redwoods in southern  California. A game house... ... a tennis court... ... and a gym. Even a zoo. And an aviary. I went so far as to get a year-round fireworks license from the city. We're still the only private  residence ever granted one. I named the house  The Playboy Mansion West. And I split my time between  L.A. and the original mansion  back in Chicago. [Bobbie] How's-- how's Monday at 3:00 p.m.? [Hugh] We'll make whatever time work. -Okay. -Done. -Between 3:00 and 4:00. -Yep. [knock on door] I'll get it. DEA. We're looking for Bobbie Arnstein. We have a warrant for your arrest. For what? Conspiracy to distribute. Distribute what? You have the right to remain silent. -What? -Anything you say can and... Are you kidding me right now? This is happening? ... in a court of law. [Hugh Hefner]  On March 23rd of 1974, almost three years  after Ron took her to Miami, Bobbie was arrested on charges of cocaine distribution. Over the years,  Playboy had been charged with obscenity  and indecency... ... but now,  Thompson made the case that the Playboy mansions  in Chicago and LA and clubs around the world were fronts for a major  drug trafficking operation. Bobbie had never been  his real target. She was just his way  of coming after me. Miss Arnstein, I don't want to see you spend the rest of your life rotting away in some prison cell. What I do want is to see the right person put behind bars. And you and I both know who that person is. This drug ring you think Playboy's involved in, it doesn't exist. I can offer you federal protection. What do you think? I think you can both go fuck yourselves. [Arthur Kretchmer] The case against Bobbie Arnstein was trumped up as soon as they realized they had Hefner's secretary. There's no question in my mind that Bobbie did not carry the cocaine, she did not transport it. The boyfriend did. It was his deal. They put it on her. And... that was a terrible thing. [Hugh Hefner] For a long time it was just, you know, an investigation that was focused on this fellow that she'd been dating. And, when the focused changed, when it became clear that the real target was some crazy attempt to involve me, it took on Kafka-like implications. So, I was able to get a hold of the original indictment. Bobbie's name's not on it. Which means? Which means they probably added it only after they realized who she was. In other words, when they realized she worked for Playboy. Make a copy of this for Kretchmer. Tell him we're running it in next month's issue along with an editorial I'll write myself. -We'll get it done. -That's out of the question. -Is it against the law? -No. -Will it jeopardize our case? -No. -Then we're running it! -It's Bobbie's case. It's Bobbie who's on trial here, not you and not Playboy. So you're just going to let her hang out to dry? No, of course not. But what we're dealing with here has very serious implications, not just for you and for Bobbie, but for the company. The company will be fine. We already have two board members resign because of this. I have advertisers backing out. Our stock price is down, big time. All we gotta focus on is doing some serious damage control. You need to separate yourself from Bobbie. Not just for your sake, but for hers. [♪ Don McLean: "Babylon"] [Hugh Hefner]  Bobbie was my best friend. But on the advice  of my lawyers, I was told not to speak  publicly about her case. And even worse, I had to ask her to move out  of the Chicago mansion. It killed me to know there was nothing I could do to help her. It became very unreal. I knew that the DEA had become a very corrupt organization and the case was politically inspired. [Van Gordon Sauter]  For most people, this is the image  of Bobbie Arnstein, assistant toPlayboy publisher Hugh Hefner. A girl who lived in what seemed a sleek and fashionable world, a girl who somehow  became involved in the cruel  and shoddy drug world. [overlapping chatter] [Hugh Hefner]  On October 22, 1974, Bobbie's case went to trial. Your Honor, the defendants in this case, Ronald Scharf and Bobbie Arnstein, are charged with a conspiracy. They conspired to distribute a narcotic drug, specifically cocaine, and that these defendants entered into an agreement with each other, and with other persons, to distribute cocaine in the United States. [man] I don't think any of us felt that they would stoop this low, to threaten this young woman with incarceration if she did not come forward and lie about her boss. They would go just so far and then back off. But they didn't do that. [Hugh Hefner]  The prosecution was asking  for the maximum sentence: 15 years in prison. I'm here to represent my client, Bobbie Arnstein. She traveled from Chicago down to Florida with Mr. Scharf, but we believe the evidence will show that Miss Arnstein had no knowledge or participation in any sale of drugs while she was down in Florida and that she should be found not guilty. [Hugh Hefner] The prosecution had gone so far as to tap Ron Scharf's phone and presented transcripts  of his conversations with Bobbie in court, but none of the evidence  made it clear that Bobbie was knowingly involved. [Hugh] How's it going? How's Bobbie? You know, it's a... it's a trial. It's tough for her. But she's, um, she's holding up pretty well. Just let her know I'm thinking about her. Of course. All right, bye. [sighs] On behalf of the government, I would like to call as a witness George E. Matthews to the stand. I laid out some coke on the coffee table. Scharf and I tested it, and he asked to buy a half pound of the coke, which I sold to him in a bag which I placed on the coffee table. Was anyone else present at this meeting? Yes. Bobbie Arnstein. Did they leave with the half a pound of cocaine you had left on the bed? Yes. Was Mr. Scharf carrying the half a pound of cocaine? Bobbie Arnstein placed the half pound of cocaine in her handbag and carried it out. Thank you, Mr. Matthews. No further questions. All right, Mr. Matthews. Now, you have before you the statement you made previously. Now, in this statement you made, is there anything said by you stating Miss Arnstein's presence when Scharf asked to buy a half a pound of cocaine? Not in what I have here, no. Is there any statement made by you that Miss Arnstein put the cocaine in her bag? [stammering] No. -Or carried the bag out? -No. Subsequent to giving these statements, did you have any conversations with any government agent about this case? I had a couple telephone conversations, yes. What was the result of these conversations? I... agreed to cooperate with the government fully. Do you have an understanding as to anything that you were to receive in return for this cooperation? Yes. Would you tell the court and jury, please, what your understanding was? Uh, a recommendation that I be sentenced to no more than five years. I have no further questions. [Hugh Hefner] Bobbie's lawyers had done all they could to prove her innocence. Now, her fate was up to the jury. Richard Rosenzweig: From a justice point of view, we felt there was no question that she would be found innocent. But with the threats that she was getting from the U.S. attorney and the DEA, one wasn't completely sure what the outcome might be. [judge] Will the defendants please rise? On the charge of conspiracy to distribute a narcotic drug, the court finds the defendants... guilty. The defendant, Bobbie Arnstein, is committed to the custody of the attorney general or his authorized representative. [Hugh Hefner] The judge issued a preliminary sentence of the full 15 years. Bobbie's boyfriend,  Ron Scharf, only got a six-year sentence. Court is adjourned. [Hugh Hefner] When they convicted her, it was unreal. I knew she was innocent. They knew she was innocent. They let major drug dealers walk away, use them to convict her, all in an attempt to somehow put enough pressure on this girl so that she would invent some story about me. I don't think you ought to give any statement at all. Well, I think it's absurd. I don't think you ought to give any statement. My lawyers suggest that I not give any statements. It's not my personal feeling. Okay, thank you. You're welcome, sorry. [phone ringing] [ringing continues] [♪ "Scarborough Fair"] [phone ringing] Hello? Ms. Arnstein, executive assistant to Playboypublisher Hugh Hefner, died of an overdose Monday. No bottles containing prescriptions were found in the hotel room where she took her life. Van Gordon Sauter has a profile on the woman who died in a second-rate hotel. She was not doing what they were saying she was doing. She was not carrying drugs, she was not dealing. She was just too tired to keep fighting. [reporter] ... enmeshed by a boyfriend in a drug raid and an aggressive government investigation, the fragile entity that was Bobbie Arnstein broke. Perhaps there is just no more room in this world for such fragile people. [Christie Hefner] Bobbie's suicide was devastating for everybody who knew her, perhaps as much as anything because it was completely unnecessary and was really caused by the government pressuring her to give them Hugh Hefner as a drug dealer. Rather than do anything to hurt my father, she didn't see any way out but to take her own life when faced with the threat of significant prison time. I think just the tragedy of that, was just heartbreaking. [reporter] The funeral service, from which cameras were barred, took nine minutes, the relatives and old family friends pulling up to the funeral home on Devon in five limousines, with a grim-looking Hugh Hefner in the center. Bobbie Arnstein had been swallowed up by all this in her life. It was happening once again in her death. [Hugh Hefner]  When Bobbie was laid to rest, her mother gave me the honor  of serving as a pallbearer. [reporter]  The seven pallbearers,  including Hefner, carried the steel coffin  from the funeral home and put it into a hearse. They all said goodbye  to Bobbie Arnstein today, all the worlds  in which she had lived. [Hugh Hefner]  Throughout the entire  investigation, I followed my counsel's  advice and never said a word. Now I regretted that silence. Every time I've allowed somebody to make me not talk to the press, I've paid heavily for it. In this case, we all paid heavily for it, and Bobbie paid for it with her life. After she died, I said, "I can't keep quiet anymore. I'm gonna make a press statement." If I look a little harried, I'm-- I'm quite upset. Okay. In the infamous witchcraft trials of the middle ages, the inquisitors tortured the victims until they not only confessed to being witches, but accused their own families and friends of sorcery as well. In similar fashion, narcotics agents frequently use our severe drug laws in an arbitrary and capricious manner to elicit the desired testimony for a trial. The pressure of a lengthy appeal and increasing harassment from government prosecutors and their agents... ... an already emotionally troubled woman... was pushed beyond endurance, and she killed herself. I was at the press conference in the Chicago mansion. It was all true emotion. Hefner had been harmed beyond belief, from his point of view. Nothing the government could have done could have hurt him more. She was one of the best, brightest... most worthwhile women... [choking back tears] I have ever known. She will be missed. [Hugh Hefner]  Bobbie had been with me  for nearly 14 years. She'd kept things running, whether it was  my personal life, my business life, or even the mansion itself. She was one of the few people strong enough  to keep me in check. [Barbi Benton] It was such a great loss for Hef. He was devastated. It was the saddest I'd ever seen him. [Hugh Hefner] What I think about over and over again is all the years and the good times and things that she missed, and... the good times that would have been better for us if she'd been here. [Hugh Hefner]  With Bobbie gone, things  would never be the same. And everywhere I looked,  I only saw memories of her. So I decided the time  had come to say goodbye, not only to Bobbie, but to my entire life  in Chicago. [gentle piano music] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 