Dispatches from Elsewhere: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dispatches from Elsewhere 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dispatches from Elsewhere (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 A group of ordinary people stumble onto a puzzle hiding just behind the veil of everyday life. They will come to find that the mystery winds far deeper than they ever imagined. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  And now that I have   your attention, I'll begin.  Welcome.  As you know, this entertainment is called   "Dispatches From Elsewhere" --  a title that I assure you   will have more relevance  as the story progresses.  Unless this is   your first experience  with a limited-run episodic,  which our records indicate   it is not,  then you're aware of   the storytelling convention  which dictates   that the filmmakers  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 spend an unnecessary   amount of time  to introduce you to our   protagonist, his occupation,  the particularities of his life,  and, most importantly,  the obstacles which stand   in the way of his happiness.  As the first of my many gifts   to you, my friends,  I propose we skip   this convention  and get on with what you   came here for -- the story.  I propose I return to you   20 minutes of your life  by reducing   the standard introduction  to a mere two minutes.  [Snaps fingers]  This is Peter.  [Alarm ringing]  Think of him as you.  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He is you if you lived alone  and woke every weekday   to your iPhone alarm,  still set to   the default chime "radar."  Peter is you if you walked   to work in the morning,  which he neither enjoys   nor does not enjoy.  He never makes eye contact   with his fellows  and assumes his fellows  never make eye contact   with their fellows, either.  Peter is you   if you worked a reliable job  at a company which offers   on-demand listening  of over two millions songs   for a modest monthly fee.  In addition, the company's   innovative algorithm  conveniently informs you   of songs you will enjoy  based on your prior   listening history,  saving you the hassle   of unpleasant  and unnecessary   musical exploration.  Peter is you if you walked   the same route home  as you did to work, only,   as I'm sure you understand,  in the opposite direction.  He generally stops   into his corner bodega  to procure dinner,  which often consists   of packaged sushi  with a small packet   of brown liquid salt  and spicy green putty.   [Cash register dings]  Peter is you   if you ended your day  in the same place you began it,  with no change.  Every day like the others,  with the exception   of meaningless  and arbitrary deviation.  Burrito instead of sushi,   perhaps.  And this is tragedy in its most  quietly devastating costume.  A life without risk.   A life without real pain.  A life without real joys.  This is existing, not living.  At least that is my philosophy. And at the end of the day  [Chuckling] that's all I've got. So, my friends,   I think we've got the idea.  Now you know Peter.  Squint your eyes,   and Peter is you.  Enough so, at least,  that I think we can jump right   into the day something changes. I should like to confess now   that I lied to you once  and only once   during my introduction.  I can assure you, however, that  I remain a reliable narrator.  ♪♪  ♪♪  [Alarm ringing]  [Ringing stops,   cellphone clicks]  ♪♪  [Indistinct conversations]  Barista: Norman?  ♪♪  Normal?  ♪♪  Are you Normal?  ♪♪  I'm sorry, what?  Are you Norman?  Oh, no. No.  ♪♪  Oh, man. Sorry.   [Liquid splashes]  That's okay.  Can I help?  Um, no, it's --   it's an accident.  Okay, sorry again.   I'm sorry.  No, sorry.  [Indistinct conversations]  ♪♪  ♪♪  [Dolphin chittering]  I understand.  [Thunder rumbles, rain falling] [Indistinct conversations]  [Buzzing]  [Gunfire]  [Shells clinking]  [Whistle blows]  [Footsteps approach]  [Cannon fires]  ♪♪  ♪♪  Work stuff, work.  Work.   Work stuff.  Work. Work.   Work stuff.  Okay.  Great.  [Keys clacking]  ♪♪  ♪♪  ♪♪  ♪♪  ♪♪  ♪♪  [Flatline]  ♪♪  [Vehicle passes]  [Siren wailing in distance]  [Paper rustles]  ♪♪  ♪♪  ♪♪  [Indistinct talking on TV]  [Ringing]  [Cellphone clicks]  [Indistinct talking on TV   continues]  [Cellphone ringing]  [Slurps]  [Ringing continues]  [Cellphone clicks]  Hello?  British woman:   [British accent] Peter?  Y-Yes.  Um, how did --  how did you know that?  You called.  Oh, um, well, yes,  I-I saw the -- the man --  the man from the sign. He was putting up his own  "have you seen this man" flyer. I'm not surprised.  Thank you for calling   the Jejune Institute,  Pennsylvania Headquarters.  We would like to invite you to  a special orientation session. I'm sorry,  orientation session?  We are located at 12616   South 7th Street, Suite 1607.  That's so many numbers. Would you like to procure   a writing implement?  N-No, I'm fine.  Saturday at 2:00 p.m.,   Eastern Standard Time.  Oh, I don't think that I can,   actually.  For those Dark Horses with the  Spirit to look up and see...  A recondite family awaits.  [Click]  [Indistinct talking on TV   continues]  ♪♪  ♪♪  [Indistinct talking on TV   continues]  [Utensils clinking]  Psychiatrist: And how has  this week been, socially? Have you had lunch   with a co-worker?  Any interesting   conversations?  No.  Try any new   restaurants?  Watch anything new   on TV?  No.  [Chuckles softly]  Peter,   can I ask you a question? Yes, of course.  Why do you come see me? Well, it's free,   you know?  It's included  in my medical benefits,  and I've never had medical  benefits until this job,  so I just thought,   "Heck, Peter,  take advantage   of the opportunity  and see what psychiatry's   all about."  And what are your thoughts  so far?  I like it.   I do.  Um, I think our conversations   go pretty well.  I know that you do a lot  of the heavy lifting.  Um...I wish I brought more   to the table.  There are times that  I feel guilty about that  after our visits.  Like...maybe I'm boring to you   or something.  I understand  what you're asking me.  I --  Keep talking.  I'm tal-- I am talking.  Sorry.   Sorry.  I guess I'm just settling  into the idea that this is it,  that this is what life is.  I don't really have anything  to say about that yet.  You feel stuck.  No, I feel nothing,   mostly.  Maybe like a sense of loss,  but I don't know for what.  Don't you think it's time  you found out?  ♪♪  ♪♪  [Leaves rustling]  [Indistinct conversations]  ♪♪  ♪♪  ♪♪  ♪♪  Where you headed?  Um, I'm not sure.  The Jejune Institute?  [Beep]  The gentleman that we  talked about is here. [Click]  Peter.  A pleasure indeed.  Oh, thank you.  Answers await   on the floor 16.  ♪♪  [Key clatters]  ♪♪  Okay.   This way?  [Elevator bell dings]  [Electricity humming]  "Exit the elevator   and head towards the hallway.  Immediately look right.  Look right again.  And a third time.  Head down the hallway."  ♪♪  ♪♪  Huh.  ♪♪  "Bipedal in a forward direction. ♪♪  Continue bearing to the front." ♪♪  ♪♪  "At the end of the hallway,  utilize this key   at the double doors  to enter the Induction Center." ♪♪  [Lock clicks]  [Exhales]  ♪♪  ♪♪  [Electricity buzzing]  British woman: Welcome   to the Jejune Institute,  Philadelphia Induction Center. Please have a seat   in the armchair  which has been provided   for you.  Orientation will begin in...  [Alarm blaring]   ...five, four, three, two, one. [Blaring stops]  [Tones playing]  ♪♪  Hello.   We are the Jejune Institute,  purveyors of Nonchalance and   a myriad of innovative products designed to fill the void.  Current offerings   include Poliwater,  a more condensed form of water with astounding   regenerative properties.  Clone-free   human-replication systems  designed to create   an external ambassador  with one's sovereign form.  And our most exciting   development yet --  Jejune's THE IDEA,   patent pending.  And now a word   from our founder,  Octavio Coleman, Esquire.  Hello, and welcome home.  I truly hope that   our introductory video  has provided you with   at least some context  for where you   find yourself now.  Nod if you agree.  Then perhaps I can offer you   a simple explanation.  For often, in my experience,  it is only through   the greatest simplicity  that we find understanding and,  from understanding, truth.  Nod if you agree.  ♪♪  [Chuckles]  My name is   Octavio Coleman, Esquire,  and for more than 40 years, I   have given my life, my spirit, and my vital energy in pursuit  of one endeavor --  to illuminate the oneness which  lays hidden in plain sight  right before your eyes   and under your nose.  To highlight the illusion   of separateness  which permeates our thinking  and is responsible   for all forms of human strife. ♪♪  This has been a long road,   my friend,  and there have been many times  along the way  that we as a collective   and I as a leader  have questioned   the fruitfulness  of this undertaking.  Dark nights   where voices whispered  that I had indeed been laboring  under a delusion  and that my vision-quest was,   in fact, a fool's errand.  But I've proved myself wrong   by proving I was right.  And you are a key   to unlocking our vision.  You see, my friend, it is   a very unique person indeed  who finds themselves   in the chair in which you sit. It is a rare soul who pulls   the tab from the flyer.  A rarer soul   who calls the number.  A rarer soul still who reports to our humble headquarters   as directed,  and the rarest of souls   who sits before me  prepared to answer   my future call.  Know it or not,   my friend, you...  contain something.  Perhaps something hibernating,  perhaps something not yet born, but something that   I promise you is unique,  vital, and essential.  ♪♪  We all share one common wish.   A secret.  One rarely uttered  but more universal   than any hope ever hoped.  That one day   it will be revealed  that there's been a mistake.  That one day you will learn   that you are meant for more.  That one day   someone will arrive  from the mundane nothingness  and say the words,   "No, my friend, not you.  You don't belong here.   Come with me.  You belong with   the special ones."  [Crying]  I am here,   and that day is upon you.  ♪♪  No, my friend, not you.  You don't belong here.  Come with me.  You belong with   the special ones.  [Crying]  What is happening?  ♪♪  [Static]  ♪♪  I do believe that this moment   of emotional revelation  is quite enough for one day.  In the drawer beside you, you   will find an induction card.  Should you desire to explore   this relationship further,  simply provide us with   the requisite information,  and we will gladly find you   when your moment has come.  Thank you, my friend.  ♪♪  ♪♪  ♪♪  "Do not return to reception.  Head through the fire door.   Alarm has been disabled."  ♪♪  [Door closes]  "Take the stairs to level one.  Do not run,   but do not go too slowly."  ♪♪  "By now they will   be coming for you."  ♪♪  [Siren wailing,   cellphone ringing]  "Abandon this card   and answer your phone."  Shit.  [Cellphone clicks]   Hello?  Commander 14:   This is Commander 14,  fearless Skipper   of the Elsewhere Society  and mortal enemy   of The Jejune Institute.  Peter, you don't know what   you've gotten yourself into,  not yet, but you will.  For now, don't talk,   don't think, don't worry.  Just report to   the South Street location.  The exact address will arrive   on your phone  via end-to-end encrypted   multimedia message.  Okay, but --   [Click]  Hello?   Hello?  277.77 South Street?  ♪♪  ♪♪  Divine Nonchalance?   What the hell does that mean?  [Tires screech]  Sorry!   Come on, man.  That's --   That's my fault.  [Tires screech]  ♪♪  ♪♪  [Rattling]  ♪♪  ♪♪  ♪♪  ♪♪  [Door creaks]  ♪♪  Touch me, and I'll kill you.   You hear me?  Yeah, real tough, now,   aren't you?  You ass-sucking   piece of shit.  Jesus.  No one tricks me, assface!  I'm -- I'm not trying to trick  you, and I'm not an assface. Oh, you're an assface.   I'm not an assface.  You're an assface!   I'm not!  I'm just me -- I'm me. Are you not part   of the thing?  Wha-- No.  I'm really confused  about what's going on. Oh.   Oh, you're like me.  You saw the video?  Yes.  It's crazy, right?  I don't know what's going on,  either, but it's freakin' fun!  Well, I'm very confused  and scared.  Uh, yeah.  Sorry.  I was just...role-playing.  [Chuckles]   Oh, okay.  That was good.  Um, you're very authentically  threatening.  Thanks. It's a little skill   I've developed.  Yeah, that's cool.  Um, I still don't understand  what's happening.  Me neither, but I think  it's some kind of, like,  new ad campaign   or something.  Like, any minute now  someone's gonna pop out  and try  and sell us something.  Like, "Surprise!  This experience brought to you   by Bender Elmore."  [Chuckles]   Bender Elmore?  It's got to be  something like that.  Some kind  of major corporation.  Whatever this thing is,   it is not cheap.  And people   don't spend money  unless they're trying   to make money.  Actually, um,  I sometimes spend money  on things that don't   make me money.  Like -- Like   cable television.  I guess you're right.  Somebody could be trying  to entertain themselves.  Are you watching me,  you sons of bitches?  I'll shove that Institute right  up your tight corporate asses.  You say "ass" so much. Do you want to do the next part   together?  Next part?  ♪♪  Oh.  ♪♪  "The -- The power   is within you.  Find her."   [Chuckles lightly]  ♪♪  [Sighs]   Honor system.  ♪♪  You can only get away with that   in a hidden alley.  [Chuckles]   Oh, right.  Yeah.  Do you see anything you want,  uh, before we go?  ♪♪  This place   has lots of things  that are new to me   that I would like to touch.  ♪♪  Yeah, no kidding.  ♪♪  "Elsewhere."  It says, um --  It says "elsewhere" on that --  on the brick.  I don't know   how they did that.  They probably had to get  a special mold made, um, which isn't   easy to do.  I'm not in construction,  but I do -- I have -- Who knows.   [Chuckles]  Are you ready?  Um...  Are you sure   that it's allowed?  Allowed?  To do the next part  together.  I don't -- I don't know  if there are rules or... I mean,   you're an adult.  You can think for yourself,   right?  I've never really thought  about that as a concept. Yes, of course.   Yes, yes.  Whatever --   Whatever you think. Yes.  Uh, here.  [Zipper opens]   Try this.  It'll calm you down.  Uh, I-I'm afraid of drugs,  sorry.  This is a good drug.  ♪♪  Look, this thing, whatever  it is, it's supposed to be fun.  And things like this don't  just happen, so don't waste it.  You can't   post-enjoy things.  That's why people who film  concerts on their iPhones  are morons.  [Chuckles] Right.  Okay.  It's, uh --   It's in there snugly. ♪♪  Just please don't  mess this up for me.  Of course.  ♪♪  Oh, wow.  [Laughs]  Huh, that's so neat. I've seen people   wear these.  ♪♪  ♪♪  ♪♪  I felt like   how I felt a few times  when I went to the movie theater  and saw a beautiful film.  ♪♪  How, when it ended   and I went outside,  colors seemed brighter.  The world seemed like   a better place.  I wanted to keep   feeling that way.  I guess for the first time   in my life  I was walking around   looking at the world  through a new pair of glasses.  Up until then,   life had been this series  of unfulfilled promises.  Work hard,   and you will be happy.  Do the right thing, and good   things will come your way.  So, naturally, we kept   expecting someone to show up  and take it from us,  but the Institute never came.  ♪♪  For the first time since   I was very young, I felt...  I don't know   if this sounds stupid.  Actually, I do know   it sounds stupid.  I-I don't care.  I felt like there was magic.  I felt like there was   real magic.  ♪♪  Maybe I could be a part of that. ♪♪  Because suddenly   all the signs around me  that I had allowed   to dictate my life...  they lost their power.  ♪♪  Psychiatrist:   And what happened?  ♪♪  It lasted a few days or so,  and then...  much more easily than I would've  hoped, it just drifted away. Is there anything you took   from the experience  that has stayed   with you?  I guess how differently  life must feel to her. I was so scared.   She was having so much fun. And what does that   make you feel?  That I wish   I was more like her. [Indistinct talking on TV]  ♪♪  [Thunder crashes]  ♪♪  [Telephone ringing]  [Thunder rumbling]  [TV shuts off]  [Ringing continues]  [Thunder crashes]  [Beep]  Hello?   Commander 14: Peter!  This is Commander 14   of the Elsewhere Society.  You are needed now!  Commander?   Hi. It's me.  It's Peter.   I'm here.  Um, I'm just in the middle  of my dinner.  Commander 14:   Dinner can wait, Peter.  The human body can survive   weeks without food  and days without water.   Okay.  I need to know now --   are you in or are you out?  I'm --   Now, Peter!  I'm in!   Your location   will be transmitted  via end-to-end encrypted   multimedia message.  Your help is required   posthaste!  [Click]   Okay, I -- Hello? Hello?  ♪♪  [Thunder rumbling]  ♪♪  [Telephone rings]  Hello?  Commander 14:   The time is nigh.  Listen very carefully. Dance.  I said dance!  The only way to proceed is through rigorous  physical jamming.  So dance!  Dance,   you lanky son of a bitch! Dance!  [Feet tapping]  Excellent.   Keep dancing.  Hang up this phone  and dance.  Dance, motherlover!  Dance!  Okay, but just --   [Click]  [Dial tone]   Hello?  [Thunder crashing]  ♪ Punk rock, new wave,   and soul ♪  ♪ Pop music, salsa,   rock 'n' roll ♪  ♪ Calypso, reggae,   rhythm and blues ♪  ♪ Master mix those   number-one tunes ♪  ♪ Play that favorite song   of mine ♪  ♪ And accept my calls   on the request line ♪  ♪ Deejay will play   just for you ♪  ♪ But I gotta get down   and show I know how to ♪  ♪♪  ♪ A favorite song to sing ♪  ♪ And when I'm in the mood   to hear good music play ♪  ♪ I'm entertained   by my favorite deejay ♪  ♪ I wanna dance   and think of romance ♪  ♪ I wanna get down   on my favorite sound ♪  ♪ Play it, kick it,   play that beat ♪  ♪ Why don't you   play it for me? ♪  ♪ Play it, kick it,   play that beat ♪  ♪ Why don't you   play it for me? ♪  ♪ Play it, kick it,   play that beat ♪  ♪♪  ♪ Play it on your lunch break ♪ ♪♪  ♪ The beat that makes   your body shake ♪  ♪♪  ♪ Play that beat ♪  ♪ Play it, kick it ♪  [Howls]  ♪ Play that beat ♪  ♪ Why don't you   play it for me? ♪  ♪ Switch the mix,   mister deejay ♪  ♪ Play that beat ♪  ♪ Why don't you   play it for me? ♪  ♪ Switch the mix,   mister deejay ♪  ♪ Play that beat ♪  ♪ Why don't you   play it for me? ♪  ♪ Switch the mix,   mister deejay ♪  [Echoing]   ♪ Play that beat ♪  [Thunder rumbling]  [Breathing heavily]  [Phosphorescent's   "Song For Zula" plays]  ♪♪  ♪♪  ♪ Some say love ♪  ♪ Is a burning thing ♪  ♪ That it makes a fiery ring ♪  Simone!  Peter.   [Chuckles]  What the hell, dude?  Hi.  I don't know   if that was Bigfoot or Yeti or Sasquatch,  but that thing can dance.  Oh. Yeah.   It was Bigfoot.  Oh.   Yes.  Yeah. Thought so.   [Chuckles]  We have to, um...  Yeah. Yeah.  Uh, you having fun yet?  Um, I have so much anxiety  but in a really good way. [Laughs] I think  that's called excitement.  Right.  Okay.  [Click, static squealing]  Three, two, one.  [Frequency warbles]  Commander 14:   Ladies and gentlemen,  welcome to Radio Nonchalance --  Dispatches from Elsewhere.  As we begin our live broadcast, there remains a task at hand   to be completed  while simultaneously   absorbing the message  and meaning   of our transmission.  Within your envelopes   resides a colored paddle.  These will serve as identifiers  for your immediate family.  Please remove your paddles now and find those with whom you   shall proceed on this journey. ♪♪  Take moment to look around you  at the faces  of the other intrepid souls   you can now call family.  You've all been selected   as Agents of Nonchalance.  And now cryptic radio brings   you the secret of Nonchalance. What is the secret?  What is Nonchalance, and who   are its hidden followers?  Are they friendly,   or are they a menace?  What does their existence   portend to today's world  of political, economic,   and spiritual bedlam?  [Indistinct conversations]   Listen carefully,   and we will tell you.  This is your announcer,   Commander 14,  trusted servant and head honcho  of the Elsewhere Society,  broadcasting for a limited time  on this special frequency.  ♪♪  Like Saint Peter in prison,  the keys to your cell   rest at your feet.  Reach down and unlock the door. Emerge as free men and women.  ♪♪  [Speaking indistinctly]  ♪♪  -Hey.   -Hi.  Okay, you find the others.   I'll wait here.  ♪♪  Are you s-- You don't want  to come with us?  No. I don't want   to be distracted.  Every piece of evidence   is essential.  But first, a warning.   Okay.  Beware of false Nonchalance.   [Chuckles]  The false prophets are even now  consolidating their forces  as they endeavor to find her,   Clara, the special one,  keeper of Divine Nonchalance.  Beware especially   the one the world calls  Octavio Coleman, Esquire,   for he is, in the present era, the main opponent   of The Elsewhere Society  and a cynical and fiendishly   inspired deviser  of false Nonchalance,  founder of the evil   Jejune Institute,  CIA operative and informant,   saboteur and provocateur.  Octavio Coleman, Esquire...  Excuse me.   ...is the man who is behind all of the monitoring,   subversion...   Oh.  Excuse me. Can I -- Can I see  your -- your -- your --  -Oh.   -Oh!  Oh, we match.   Do we match?  -We do, yeah.   -We match.  -Yeah.   -Oh, I'm so glad.  I-I thought I was alone.  I'm not alone.  Couldn't find anybody.  All alone.   So glad.  I'm Peter.  Peter.  I can hardly hear you.  I'm Peter.   Peter.  Simone.   I'm -- I'm Janice.  Hi. Hello, Janice.  Hi. Hello.  I can hear now.   I-I took it out.   Oh. We have another one.  Oh, okay.  Come on.   Okay, great.  Oh, I'm just -- Oh. Okay.   Yeah, yeah. I'm in.  My friends, there is a world   behind this world  which has been hidden from you. No longer.  The power is within you.  It always has been.  Now, listen closely,   my friends,  as I exit the realm   of obfuscation  and make your assignment   abundantly clear.  You must find Clara!  She is the harbinger   of great things to come,  the bringer   of Divine Nonchalance.  Find her before the evil forces  of Octavio  and his wretched Institute,  and rewards will abound.  Find Clara, and we will   change this world!  ♪♪  ♪ Life could be a dream,   life could be a dream ♪  That was   batshit crazy.  It was quite   an elaborate hoax.  It's thrilling.   [Laughs]  I'm sorry.   What do you mean, "hoax"?  You think this is some type   of prank or something?  No, no, no, not --   not a prank.  A lovely charade, you know,  wonderful evening out.  Lev is gonna --  Lev is -- is my husband.  He is gonna --  He is gonna have quite a laugh  when he hears about this.  I'll tell you that   right now.  There's something   far more meaningful  than a laugh   being had here.  There is?  This is   a government operation.  What was   your name again?  Jani-- Mrs. Foster.   Well, no. Janice.  Okay. Janice.   Mrs. Fo--  Janice. Yes.   Janice.  I've been keeping track of   every clue, major or minor,  since the moment   of induction.  There's code   in that broadcast.  And more importantly,   more infuriatingly,  they're keeping track   of all of our personal data --  cellphones, e-mails,   et cetera.  This is clearly some type of   high-level social experiment.  Oh, my.  I don't want   to be rude,  and I really mean this   as a sincere question,  but are you   a crazy person?  Hmm.  They say crazy people don't   always know they're crazy,  but in my experience,   that's not always the case.  Oh.  I scored 1590 on the SAT   when I was 13 years old.  I missed one question,   which I still dispute.  I'm not crazy.  Okay.  I'm acutely aware   of patterns,  and I feel like one   is operating here.  All of this -- All of this   is funneling towards something. Janice:  It's certainly an, uh --  uh, an out-there story   they've concocted.  I'm still trying to wrap  my brain around all of it,  the missing girl --   Clara.  Divine Nonchalance?   What?  [Chuckles]  Simone: Look, I think you guys   are burying the lede here.  The -- The radio guy,  he said that if we find Clara,   then rewards abound.  I bet whoever finds her   probably ends up on TV.  Oh, I hope not.  That's not what   he meant at all.  Okay. I'm sorry.  What was your name again?  Fredwynn.  Excuse me?  Fredwynn.  F-Fred Win?  Yes. That's the correct  pronunciation,  but I feel like if you wrote  it out, you'd spell it wrong. It's one word --   Fredwynn.  Fredwynn.  Fredwynn.  Fredwynn?  Fredwynn.  Yeah.  It's not -- It's not that hard.  Fredwynn.  Fredwynn. Fredwynn.   Yes.  Fredwynn.  Yeah.   Okay.  Well, Fredwynn,   I feel like it's gonna help  if we just talk about   everybody's theories for a bit  and not just yours   over and over again.  -You know what I'm saying?   -Yeah, I understand.  -I understand.   -Great. [Chuckles]  How about you, Peter?   You've been pretty quiet.  Well, anything that I might say  is something I already know, so I'm not gonna learn anything  by talking.  I thought I would just listen  to all of you  and gather information  to process.  That sounds enlightened,   but it's selfish.  You're like   a-a selfish Buddha.  I'm gonna call you SB,   Selfish Buddha.  Well, I mean,   I'd prefer you didn't. Well, share your thoughts   with the group.  Okay. Um...  well, what if it's real? I don't want to sound stupid.  I don't want to sound naive. But he -- he -- he says  it's a conspiracy,  you say that it's a prank,  you say that it's a game, but what if -- well,  what if it's something real? [Chuckling]  Hey. Hey, don't laugh   at that, okay?  -Oh...   -That is not funny.  That is beautiful.   It was a question,   not a theory.  I-I said I didn't want  to sound stupid.  That's why I said that,  which is why --  No, you didn't --  I didn't think   it was stupid.   No, I know, but he -- he especially was  asking me to say something. He was like, "Say it now.  Say it now. Say it now." I really liked   your question.   "Say it now."  It's alright. It's alright.   "Say it now,"   he kept saying.  It's alright.   You didn't --  Maybe we should   get some pie...  because it tastes so good. And sometimes diners  like this have pie. Yeah. Good.   Is there pie, ma'am? Do you have --   Do you have pie?  Fredwynn: Pie?  Waitress: Strawberry   or coconut cream?  Strawberry   or coconut cream?  Oh, my God.   Just bring them both.  Bring them both.  Pie was a really,   really good idea.  Thanks.  I like -- I like to eat it --  eat it.  Well, yeah.  Waitress: Two of each.   On the house.  That's very kind.  No, it's not kind.   I think it'll be amazing  to watch you all decide   who gets what.  Janice: Oh.  [Footsteps depart]  [Chuckles]  Here.  You can have mine.  Oh, you don't   have to do that.  No, no.   I, uh --  Oh. Oh. Sorry.   I got to get going.  I don't want to walk home   too late.  I could walk you.  No. Stay.  Uh...enjoy the pie.  Tell me which one's better.  Bye. It was very nice  to meet you.  Mrs. Foster.   Uh, Janice.  Janice.   And you're...  Simone.   Simone.  [Both chuckle]  Fredwynn.   [Clicks tongue]  One word.  Simone.  Peter.  I, uh --   I don't know when,  but I have a hunch I'll be  seeing you all again soon.  Oh, I hope so.  Yeah.  Till then, follow your  Divine Nonchalance...  [Chuckles]  ...whatever that means.  ♪♪  [Bells jingle]  ♪♪  ♪♪  And just what do we mean by   "Divine Nonchalance" anyway?   [Violin playing]  A casual way of sauntering   down the street?  A kind of cool, perhaps?  Or something more?  ♪♪  Divine Nonchalance   cannot be bought or sold,  packaged or purveyed.  It is a power that can   only be found within.   [Indistinct shouting]  I can tell   you're still confused.  Perhaps I can help   illuminate further.  Let's take a look   at this again.  [Tape rewinding]  You like cartoons, don't you?  Of course you do.   Everyone likes cartoons.  Picture in your mind   a cartoon character,  any cartoon character.  Watch as she saunters   down the street,  seemingly unaware   of impending danger  lurking around every corner.  Some may mistake her ease   for ignorance.  Others may marvel   at her naiveté.  But Divine Nonchalance  is something different,   my friends.  It is a perpetual quietness   of heart  when all around you   is seeming chaos.  Yo!  [Indistinct shouting]   It is an unspoken understanding that somehow, through   the trials and tribulations,  fears and foes...   [Glass shatters]  ...you are protected   by some timeless innocence,  some eternal joy,  some universal love   that need not be named.  But life is not a cartoon,   is it, my friends?  So what, then?  [Siren wailing in distance]  Do not mess with me.  I am not   playing around.  Game or no game, this is gonna  burn your goddamn eyeballs out.  [Chuckles]  [Spray hissing]  Aah!  Aah!  [Spray hissing]   Aah!  Aah! Aah!  -Ohh!   -[Coughing]  [Spray hissing]  Why do you have to  ruin everything?!  [Dog barking]  ♪♪  ♪♪  ♪♪  Nana:  Simone, is that you?  Yes. I'm home, Nana. Go back to sleep.  Did you have   a good night?  Overall, yes.  Good night.  Night, sweetie.  ♪♪  [Keys clatter]  ♪♪  ♪♪  [Light switch clicks]  ♪♪  [Sighs]  ♪♪  [Sighs]  ♪♪  [Breathing heavily]  [Glass shatters]  ♪♪  ♪♪  ♪♪  You're okay.  ♪♪  You're okay.  ♪♪  Octavio: This is Simone.  ♪♪  Think of her as you.  ♪♪  ♪♪  ♪♪  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 