Privileged: Season 1, Episode 17 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Privileged 
 s1e17 - All About Betrayal - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Privileged (2008–2009): Season 1, Episode 17 - All About Betrayal - full transcript 
 Rose tells Sage the truth about who their grandfather is, causing a confrontation between Laurel and the twins. Laurel gets more bad luck when Elyse Valencour, Miles Franklin's daughter, brings a lawsuit against her for emotional distress against her father when she informs her that Miles has been hospitalized from a fatal heart attack. Sage also confides in Rose that she feels indirectly responsible for their parents death years earlier. Meanwhile, Will's father decides to start a new magazine and Megan wants to contribute to the first issue. But Megan and Will soon meet the editor-in-chief, David Besser, whom is much harder to please than anticipated. However, the strain on both Will and Megan for the same job puts a strain on their relationship. Elsewhere, Marco goes to drastic measures to win Keith back when he finds him living with his best friend Jennifer who wants to get romantically together with Keith to start a family. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Turtles. Delicious. .. Delicious and not for you. Ow! It's enough to deprive me of sweets, but there's no need to hit. I'm sorry, but these little chocolate reptiles are my ticket to winning Keith back. They're his favorite. Yay! You and Keith are talking again? That's great. No, no, not yet, but we will be tonight when I go over there. You're gonna show up at his door unannounced? Showing up unannounced sounds bad. I'm going to surprise him and, uh, tell him I miss him 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and win him over with my passion, honesty, and turtles. Uh-huh. And, uh, what if he doesn't go for this plan? Then the turtles are yours. Uhh. Don't make me root against love. I gotta tell you, Marco, though, this doesn't seem like much of a plan. It's better than your plan to deny, avoid, and pretend that everything is hunky-dory with you and Will Ok, I didn't pretend like everything was hunky-dory. We just both agreed to disagree. Really? Is that what happened last night? Technically. We both agreed the other one was being a butt-face. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Look, I'm not gonna apologize for sticking up for Charlie, and he's probably never gonna apologize for punchin' him, so we wait. Wait for what? Inevitably something will come up that will distract us from our stupid fight. Waiting for distraction is not a plan. Well, it's less fattening than your turtle plan. Rose? Honey. Ohh. My neck. Did you sleep in here last night? Not on purpose. Uhh. Yuck. This must be what it feels like to be old. Hey, um, did Laurel come home? No. There was a change of plans. She won't be back until tomorrow. Oh. Ok. Is everything all right? Yeah. I'm-I'm fine. Thanks, Marco. You're all dressed up. Where were you? I went out for breakfast. So early? With who? I think the more important question is where were you last night? Did you sleep over at Zach's? Of course not. I was here. I just-I fell asleep on Laurel's couch. Is that the story you plan on telling everyone? Because it's a little weak. It's the truth. I went to look for you first but you weren't home yet, so I- I waited for Laurel in her office, and I guess I passed out. Why? What's going on? Look, I'll tell you upstairs. Hey. Oop! Oops. Sorry. It's a flying bagel. Hey. So, well, how are you? Pretty great, actually. That's great. I'm great, too. No, you're not, but you're about to be. You remember that magazine idea that we pitched to my dad? Yeah. Well, it's happenin'. What-what do you mean it's happening? I mean office space has been rented, people are being hired, it's on. Are you serious? So you mean- We made a magazine. We made a magazine. Ha ha ha! It's pretty exciting, right? Yeah. My dad wants to show us around the space tomorrow if you're free. That sounds great. Well, I gotta go. Call you later. Hey, Will... Yeah? Uh, um, nothin'. Heh. I just-I love you. I love you, too. That doesn't make any sense. I didn't believe it either at first, but the more she kept talking, well, the more I knew it was true. Hey, ladies. Don't you ever knock? Sorry. Is everything ok? I'm fine with it if you are. I'm fine with it. Fine with what? Ok, I hate it when you girls get all spooky twin mind-ready on me. Ok, the cliff notes version, about a million years ago, Laurel had an affair with some guy named Miles Franklin, who it turns out is our real grandfather. What? Uh, how is that? It's crazy, right? And he was here. I met him. Wait. You- you met him, too. He was, like, a tall guy with gray hair. He brought Laurel flowers. Mm, maybe. I-I don't really remember, but, um, w-well, anyway, who told you girls this? Miles' daughter, Elyse Valencour, who- well, I guess she's our stepsister or stepcousin? Half aunt? Is that it? Ok, pause. Rewind. How did you meet this Elyse person? Or when? Last night. Ok, so she shows up at the restaurant where I'm stalking Polly Fagen and tells me that Miles is my grandfather and he's sick. What do you mean he's sick? He had a heart attack last week, and now he's in critical condition. God, I can't believe Laurel would just lie to our face like that. Ok, well, you know what? We don't know anything yet. And maybe Laurel has a perfectly good explanation. Explanation? What's to explain? She did some guy a long time ago and didn't tell anyone about it. Unless, do you think mom knew? No, she didn't. I mean, I don't think so. I- I doubt it. Well, anyway, the point is- is that we really need to have Laurel weigh in here. Yeah. Well, she's not coming home until tomorrow. Great! Well, I mean, um, great, because, you know, it'll give you girls a chance to cool off a little bit. I seriously doubt I'll cool off. Ok, you never know, because tomorrow is a long way away, and you never know how you're gonna feel 24 hours from now. I mean, doctors cannot even accurately predict how you're gonna feel- anyway, regardless, um, the point is... now I don't think is the best time to discuss the human stain, so sorry Philip Roth. Heh. We will deal with this later. Or tomorrow. Laurel, as soon as you get home, find me immediately. The girls know about Miles. =http:/www. Ragbear. Com= Marco. What are you doing here? Sorry. I didn't think you'd already be in bed. Why do I suddenly get the feeling you're not watching Numb3rs right now? Look- is there another guy in there? Keith, you coming? Nope, no other guy. I cannot get over what a great space this is. If you're happy now, you'll be really impressed when we get a cappuccino machine. And furniture, of course. Cappuccino machine? It's a trap. That way, people won't doze off when they're here workin' till 3:00 in the morning. Tom. Crap. Already destroying office equipment, are we, David? Doin' my best. My son, Will, and this is Megan Smith, both aspiring employees of our little magazine. Nice to meet you. This is David Besser, my newly appointed editor in chief- top of his class At Harvard, published in the New Yorker before he was 22, brilliant, ambitious, accomplished. And so graceful. This is the man whose ass you'll have to kiss if you wanna work at, um... Whatever we end up calling it. Oh, I thought we decided on ?Ripple?. And by "we," I meant ?me? in my mind when this was just a pretend magazine. Now there's walls, nifty light fixtures, and stuff. Ripple was good for the original premise, but, Tom and I decided we didn't want to be married to the idea of charitable organizations. But I do like the idea of charitable people. So biographies. In-depth profiles of people from all walks of life Just people who are passionate about whatever medium they work best in. Well, Megan here is a fantastic writer. She's actually working on a biography right now that has a good chance of being published. No-wha-he is being way too nice. It is a very, very long way away from being published. Well, you're gonna love her ideas. I can't wait. Oh, you know, it was - it was really great meeting you guys, but if you'll excuse me, um, I need to get a mop. He really is an incredible guy. Listen, I wanna show you the conference room. Come on. All right. Hey! Sorry I'm late. Let me just grab my books. I don't want the girls to know I'm back till you and I have talked. Ok. Not sure it was necessary to go all ?Boo Radley? on me, but- How they doing? Are they all right? Well, Sage seems to be holding up fine, but Rose is definitely freaking out. How did they find out? It's weird. Rose was approached by some woman named Elyse Valencour, who claims to be Miles' daughter. Elyse Valencour. Why does that name sound so familiar? Because she's his daughter? She's been calling me. Elyse Valencour, I've gotten at least three messages from her. What does she want with Rose? I think that she wanted to impart some information. What information? Miles is in the hospital, Laurel. He had a heart attack. That's what she said? Yeah, and, um, I guess she wanted his granddaughter to know. What have you told Rose? Nothing. I-I didn't think it was my place to say anything at all. Good. Take the girls upstairs so I can get out the front door. Geraldine... Get Elyse Valencour on the phone. We need to talk about last night. No, we don't. I already figured it out. It was your sister. It wasn't. You mother? My mother lives in Ohio. She's visiting. It was Jennifer. Oh. Heh. Of course. Let me guess. She got lonely at home with her two cats and came over to commiserate about how sucky the single life is. No. Jennifer came over last night so we could get drunk and have sex. I think I just had a seizure. Marco. It's crazy enough that you think you can go straight, but with Jennifer? Nah, I'm not going straight. I just want a family. I told you a long time ago, but you were never ready, well, and Jennifer is. And now that we're no longer a couple- You've decided to go all Will & Grace on me. At least Debra Messing was attractive. You know, if you're gonna be a jerk about this- I'm sorry. I'm processing. Listen, Jen is my best friend, you know? And this is something that she and I have both wanted for a very long time. You know, it may not be our best-case scenario, but I'm not getting younger. So you were actually going to have sex with her last night? Well, I did the math, and, yeah, as it turns out, vanilla-flavored vodka is a lot cheaper than artificial insemination and has a better success rate. You have taken settling to a whole new level, haven't you? Excuse me? You're sleeping with your cat-loving best friend because you're both lonely. You're not thinking clearly. Actually, I am. I'm finally going after what I want. Thanks to you, I know that things in life don't always turn out the way you planned. Oh, please. And this conversation makes me even more sure that I made the right choice. Laurel. Hi. I'm Elyse. Yes. Hello. Nice to meet you. Please, have a seat. Thank you. First of, I want to say I am so sorry for taking so long to return your call. Calls. There were several. Right. Yes, well, as a very visible head of a very large corporation, I get many strangers calling me out of the blue. Technically I'm not a stranger. We do share someone in common. I am so sorry to hear about your father. I hope that he's recovering well. He's not. He's in a coma. I thought Rose would have told you that. I am so sorry. I suppose I-I just couldn't believe it. I just saw him. He looked so- so healthy. If there is anything that I can do- Actually, there is. You can contact your attorney. I'm suing you. "intentional infliction of emotional d-distress"? What does that even mean? She's claiming that Miles' heart attack was a direct result of my not allowing him to have a relationship with his granddaughters. I mean, is that anything? It's a groundless claim. I don't wanna waste time on a frivolous lawsuit. I pay people good money to handle these things. Right now, I need to focus on the girls. So, how should we handle this? We won't handle it at all. I'll tell them. As far as they know, you knew nothing about Miles. No, wait- It's not up for discussion, Megan. Well, I'm sorry, Laurel, but it has to be. I'm complicit in this whole thing. I mean, I lied to Rose and Sage, too. It's hardly the same thing. I know. It- But it was still wrong. I appreciate you wanting to protect me, but- I'm not trying to protect you. I'm trying to protect them. The girls need an adult they can rely on, someone they feel they can trust and look up to. Sadly I have never been that person. And whether you like it or not, you're long past being just their tutor. You're their mentor and their friend. Surely you know that. Yeah, I-I do. It's just gonna be hard to keep lying to them. Well, try. Why didn't you ever tell us about him that's not the kind of thing you tell your granddaughters. I was ashamed. That affair is something I wish had never happened. Although, if it didn't, mom never would've been born and neither would we. It probably would've made your life a lot easier, huh Did you ever tell mom? No. So you lied to your daughter her entire life, too. Your mother was raised by a wonderful man. Robert was the father that she knew and loved. That wasn't really her father, ok? That's-that's probably something she might have wanted to know. Rose, I feel terrible for lying to you, and I hate that you had to find out about Miles from some stranger. Elyse isn't a stranger. She's family. She told me all this because she cares about me. I'm sure that's what she led you to believe, but it couldn't be further from the truth. She approached you because she needed confirmation that you had met Miles so she could file her lawsuit against me. What? She's suing you? Yes. I think all that Elyse cares about is getting millions of dollars. Great. Great. All this, and now we're gonna be broke. Happy day. So, I mean, if you and Miles kept dating, what was the plan? The plan? Yes. Were you gonna tell us he was actually our grandfather, or were you gonna continue lying? Of course I was going to tell you. It just that his stay was so brief, and he left so abruptly. It just didn't seem- Necessary. Well, you had no right to make that decision. Ok, just because he dumped you, it doesn't mean he would have done that to us. You know, Sage was right about you. You really are the most selfish person ever. I think I'm gonna show him these first. The black-and-whites are my best stuff, don't you think? Um, yeah.. Yeah. Yeah, they're- They're def- I- they're great. Well, you hate the sport fishing. They throw the fish back, you know. No, I love them. I really do. You're a very talented photographer. Then what's wrong? Nothing. Uh, no, I, um- I'm just surprised you're going after such a senior position. I mean, editor of photography, that's a pretty big deal. I know, but I figured why not aim high? Yeah, I know. I just don't - I don't know. Guess I have the whole tortoise philosophy drilled into my head. Slow and steady wins the race. Not always. Have you thought of a story idea to pitch David? I was thinking about doing something on senator Pearl. Laurel introduced me to her a while ago. I figured I could score an interview with her pretty easily, but, um... That sounds good. You think? Come on. A big-time woman senator. You go and you sprinkle your crazy feminist agenda all over it, David's gonna love it. I don't even know what's worse, the fact that she lied about it or that she tried to defend it. Yeah, well, that's Laurel. You don't seem that mad. I'm mad, but I'm more just- I don't know. It's not like anything's changed. What do you mean? It's not like we knew we had other family, so it's not like we lost anything. But that's not the point. What she did definitely sucks, but when you think about it, is it really worth telling people things that you know are just gonna hurt them? What? There's nothing we can do about what's happening to Miles. And, yeah, I feel bad a- about it all, but- No, Sage, there is definitely something that we can do. We can go see him. Why would you wanna fly all the way to California to stare at some old guy in a coma? Because he's our grandfather. Oh come on. Just because we share DNA with the guy doesn't mean we get all "tell us a story, grandpa" with him. P.S., he can't tell us a story. Wanna know why? Because he's in a coma. I don't understand- This is exactly why Laurel didn't wanna tell us, ok? This just proves that some things are just better left unsaid. Who are you? Since when do you side with Laurel? And-and since when do you lie to me? What are you talking about? I know that you weren't at breakfast yesterday. Yeah, you were somewhere in that outfit, but it wasn't breakfast. Yeah, it was. Really? Then why can't you look me in the eye? You're being paranoid. Wait. Did you know about our grandfather, too? What?! No. Well I don't believe you. Ok, something weird is going on, and until you decide to tell me what it is, I don't wanna talk to you. Hey. Megan, right? Yeah. Yeah, that's me. So you're grabbin' some coffee? Yep. You? Green tea. Love me some good old antioxidants. Well, I-you know, I have some ideas. For the magazine. Um... Maybe I could- Um, sorry- Maybe I could run them by you. Looks like we might be here for a while. Yeah, ok. Um, give me your top 3. Well, actually, I only have one. Have you ever heard of Susan Pearl? Democrat senator from Florida, originally from Trinidad. All about education reform and animal rights. Wow. Yes. What made you choose her? Well, I met her... at a party. We shook hands and- Really? You know, in the retirement community that my grandma lives in, there's this guy named Larry Winkelman. He used to be a boxer out in Brooklyn until he had every one of his limbs blown off in world war II. After the war, he tried to get back into boxing, but it didn't work out, because he accidentally poked out another boxer's eye with one of his metal hands. So he quit sports, and he started writing poetry in yiddish, and they say he's the world's finest yiddish poet, and he has kugel with my grandmother every Sunday afternoon. Pretty good story, right? Yeah. Yeah, are you gonna write an article about him? No, but I could. It'd probably be an easy interview to get because of the kugel connection and all that. Ok, you're one of those "use a story to make a point" kind of guys. How old are you, Megan? 23. I'm almost 24. You're too young to be coasting on your connections. I mean, at your age, you should be workin' your ass off, dreaming big, and failing even bigger. I'm a big old failure. Don't you worry. You know, failing's what your twenties are all about, and if you only do what you're good at, you'll- you'll never grow. How old are you? I'm a prodigy, so it's different. Uh, we'll have a green tea and a drip coffee, please. No, I got it. Don't worry. I'm gonna- I'm gonna come up with something better. It's just, um- It's a little distracting where I live. Not really the best work environment, but... well, if you ever need to brainstorm, you're more than welcome to use the offices. What we lack in furniture, we make up for in wi-fi, nerf hoops. Th-that would great, yeah.. Thanks. Yeah. Uh... That's you. All right. Thanks. I'll see you around. Okey-dokey. I could watch you eat all day. Ok, I have to know. What is this? That, my dear Jennifer, is crab cake with Japanese eggplant and lemon-grass drizzle. I wanna lay down on a bed of it and roll around. But that's not what I was talking a about. I know you don't like me, so why would you invite me over here and stuff me full of grass drizzle? Because I'm worried about you. Why? I didn't just lose the best thing that ever happen to me. You did. Ah, snap. I'm sorry. Could you speak up? I'm having trouble hearing you over the ticking of your biological clock. Obviously you're not pregnant yet. Nope, but we'll get there. At my age, it might take a few tries. Which is exactly what you want. You don't wanna have a baby. You wanna have Keith's baby, because you want Keith. No, I don't. Oh, please. I've seen how you look at him. But sweet cheeks, lamb dumplin', honey pie, Know why? Because he's gay, loves the dudes, can't get enough man-on-man action. I know what gay means. And I'm not in love with Keith. Honey, I understand. I fell in love with him, too. But trying to trap Keith into a lifelong relationship by having his baby is a terrible idea. I'm not trapping anyone. Keith and I are going to have a nontraditional family and live happily ever after in a modest three-bedroom duplex. Thanks for lunch, Marco. Hey. How's it goin'? It's amazing. I forgot what it was like to actually focus. It's like I'm back in college. Well, if you need more time, I can change the reservation. No, no, no, no. I'm good. Let's go. Did you set up the interview yet with senator Pearl? Oh... Actually I'm not doing the senator story anymore. David didn't think it was a great idea, and you know what? He was-he was actually totally right. Really? I mean, you were pretty into the idea the other day. Yeah, but you know what? David made a really great point. I was more excited to get the interview than I was about actually writing the story. Not that easy to get an interview with a senator. It could have been a pretty big deal, actually. Well, David didn't like it. Since he's the guy I'm pitching to... Yeah. Sure. What? It's just funny. When Laurel wanted you to change your angle on her book and I told you that she was right, you didn't listen to me. But when this guy tells you to change your story- It's not the same. It's the same in that my opinion never seems - to mean as much to you as other people's. - What? You take everyone else's advice before mine- David, Charlie- This is about Charlie, isn't it? No. Yes, it is. You're still pissed about the other night. I knew it. If you knew it, then why didn't you say anything? Why didn't you say anything about it? Because I don't have anything to apologize for. Well, neither do I. Yes, you do. You should have come home with me, Megan. You don't wait around for a guy who just punched your boyfriend in the face. I told you I needed to talk to him. Well, you could have called him from the car or called him the next day. Ok, I don't see how that's any different. Forget it. Never mind. Let's- let's just go to dinner. No, if you wanna talk about it- We disagree. Let's just leave it at that. Fine. Hey. You're workin' late. Need help with homework? No. Uh... I'm done. I'm just... Waiting for Sage to fall asleep so I don't have to deal with her. What's going on? I don't know. I mean, Sage is acting all weird, and she won't say why. She won't even go visit Miles with me. It's just all so messed up. I mean, I don't understand why nobody cares. You really wanna go see him, huh? Yeah. I mean, there's this person out there who's related to us, and I mean, yeah, we don't know him, but we could. I know this sounds dumb. I- No, it doesn't sound dumb. You're searching for a connection. I mean, we all do it. We do? Even though I was avoiding my dad when I first got here, there was still something inside of me that wanted to see him. You know, it's like this inexplicable need. You feel like something's missing, and you wanna find it. That's exactly it. So do it. If you feel like it's something that you have to do, then go see him. I just- I'm scared to go by myself. I'll go with you. Really? Hey, don't act so surprised. You know I'm always here for you. Thank you so much. All right, good. Go pack your bags get some sleep, and tomorrow we will hijack the corporate jet to Santa Barbara. Wait. How did- What, did Laurel tell you that Miles was in Santa Barbara? No. Uh, she didn't. Because I never said anything. How did you know that he was there? You knew this whole time, too, didn't you? Rose, I am so sorry. No, just don't- Ok, don't say anything. Hey. You were in there for a while. That's always a good sign. I don't know. We'll see. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, I know you're still thinkin' about Rose, but you gotta pull it together, ok? Game face on. Game face on. Thanks. Megan. You're up. Good luck. Hey, dad. Hey, buddy. How'd it go? Not great. I was a little nervous. I might have talked too much. Come here. Listen, uh, I was gonna let David tell you himself, but I-I just can't stand to see my boy lookin' so unsure of himself. You got the job. What? Congratulations, champ. You're the senior editor of photography. What, you-you told him that he had to hire me? I- I told him he was lucky to have you. You're talented, Will, and I would not have put you in the position if I didn't think you deserved it. But, dad- Stop it. I'm proud of you. Well, I asked myself who am I passionate about, who's my role model, who do I ultimately wanna be? Pamela Anderson? Maureen Dowd. Oh, so close. She has strong roots in the feminist cause, which means a lot to me, and I just-I thought an article exploring how she got to where she is today would- Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I like it. I think it's great. Um, but it's just- it's not gonna gel, uh, with the theme of the first issue, so next time. But let- let's keep talking, ok? Don't you, uh, wanna hear more? I mean, I- I've got research. I have a very cogent presentation. That was just the intro. I'd be happy to revisit the issue later on, but I'm going for a more international theme on the first issue, and Maureen Dowd just, you know, doesn't apply. Look, I know you worked really hard on it, so so thank you for bringin' it in. Is this a Harvard-Yale thing? Well... There are a lot of issues, uh, at work here, Megan, not the least of which is your relationship with Will. Look, I'm gonna have my hands full at this job, and I won't have the time to deal with any interpersonal stuff between members of my staff. Well, I assure you that our relationship won't get in the way Yeah, it will. Launching a magazine is an incredibly difficult endeavor, and I just don't see how hiring George and Martha will spell anything but disaster. Edward Albee, Virginia Woolf. Look at me gettin' all your references. All right, look, I'm not sayin' that your relationship is a total deal-breaker down the road, but... I- I can't afford to have drama this early in the game. I understand. Thanks for your time. Rose, wait! What are you doing? I can't let you fly all the way across the country by yourself. I don't want you to come with me. What? You're obviously keeping something from me, Sage, and, well, that makes me feel like I can't trust you. And if I can't, then I really- I don't wanna be with you. I'm sorry, but... It's all different. Rose, please, don't go like this Please. Tell me what's going on. Do you remember the day mom and dad left for their trip? It was the same day as Graham Taylor's birthday party. He was gonna have a petting zoo in his backyard, remember? Yeah, sort of. Anyway, I really wanted to go to the party, and Laurel wouldn't let me go unless I finished my breakfast, and we got in this huge fight over it, remember? Yeah, I- I remember that. When Laurel sent me to my room, I called mom. She was already at the airport, and their plane was about to board, but I was just so mad, I kept crying about how mean Laurel was and how unfair she was being, and I just kept going on and on, and mom just let me rant. I don't understand. She stayed on the phone with me for so long that they missed their flight. They ended up having to catch the next one. They were never supposed to be on that flight, Rose. If it wasn't for me calling her and throwing my stupid tantrum, they'd still be alive. It's all my fault. I... Miss Baker, are you ready to board? I need to go. May I come in? What happened to you? I wanted you to know that, uh, well, I just received a telephone call. And Miles, your grandfather, has passed away, Sage. He wasn't my grandfather. In any case, I thought you should know. Is Rose here? I would like to tell her. She flew to Santa Barbara to see him Oh, no. So she probably already found out, But... I don't know. You could try calling her if you want. She's never going to forgive me, is she? She might not. But I do. I'm so sorry, Laurel... For all the loss you've had in your life. I'm sorry. Oh, gross. Marco, you cannot just barge in here whenever you fe- You were right about everything, and I know my coming here might risk you never speaking to me again, but that's the chance I'll have to take, because I-I finally know what I want, and I'm not afraid to ask for it. Will you marry me? Cheap trick. Come on. You- You're kneeling on your bad knee. I know it. This is-heh-impulsive. You know what I mean? I mean, this is you, uh, goin' after what you w-want, being very dramatic about it. Ok, but how do I know it's for real? Because platinum doesn't lie. I love you, Keith. Marry me. Yes. Yes, I will. There goes my duplex. Come here. Why? Hey. You never called. How did your interview with David go? Uh, kinda crappy. He didn't like the pitch. You're kidding. Yeah. He said, uh, maybe in the future, but doesn't look like there's any space for me in this issue. It's ok. I mean, it's fine. No, it's not fine. I'm gonna talk to my dad about this. I'm sure that there's something that he can do. No, no, no, no. Please, don't. I- I don't wanna get a job that way. What does that mean? Well, n-nothing. I just- You know, I want him to hire me because he likes my ideas, not because your dad made him do it. God, you love to play the martyr, don't you? Excuse me? Why do you have to make everything so much more difficult than it needs to be? You're not in college anymore, Megan. Real life is about connections, and it's not unfair. It's just the way the world works. No, it's the way your world works. Oh, give me a break. Wait. Why are you freaking out like this? You should be out celebrating. You got the job that you wanted, and you totally earned it. You don't need to sit here and be in my bad mood with me. You're right. I don't. It feels like we're fighting a lot lately. I know. Yeah. It sucks. Hey. Hey. I heard about Miles. Um... Did you get to see him before? No. It's probably for the best. Or... Well, it's what happened. Are you... unpacking or packing? I'm gonna move into my own room. You hate me, don't you? Rose, listen. I just want you to know that I am so sorry, and I don't blame you if you never wanna talk to me again, and I don't even forgive myself. I never will. I don't hate you. If anything, I'm so sorry you had to live with that secret all these years. Must have been awful. And I wish you could have told me, 'cause I would have been able to tell you that it's not your fault. Then I don't get it, if- if you're not mad, then why are you moving out? Look, I realized that... you not telling me about mom and dad, well, it's just one of the hundreds of ways that you've been protecting me my whole life. What do you mean? And it's not just you, ok? It's everyone. You guys, you keep these huge secrets from me because you think that I'm, like, so fragile I can't handle stuff. But I don't wanna be that person anymore. Ok? I wanna be strong enough that maybe you can lean on me sometimes. I do lean on you. No, not as much. Not like I lean on you. I just need to feel... Like I can be on my own. Is that ok? Yeah Of course. So which room are you moving into? The blue room. Just down the hall Um, can I help you decorate? No. Revised and edited by ju.vianna 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 