Privileged: Season 1, Episode 18 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Privileged 
 s1e18 - All About a Brand New You! - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Privileged (2008–2009): Season 1, Episode 18 - All About a Brand New You! - full transcript 
 While Marco and Keith plan for their upcoming commitment wedding, Rose and Sage's sisterly relationship takes a bad turn when Rose decides to ditch their annual plans for spring break and go someplace on her own, in which Sage becomes upset. Zachary too feels that Rose is maturing rather quickly, and worries about the future of their relationship. Sage has relationship problems herself when Luis tells her that he does not believe in gay marriages and refuses to attend Marco and Keith's ceremony. Elsewhere, Will and Megan have a fight over their creative differences over Will's job and Megan's mental ability to be independent. Also, Megan finally finishes her biography about Laurel who approves it for publishing. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Privileged... I'm going to move into my own room. You hate me... don't you? I just need to feel... like I can be on my own. Will you marry me? Yes, I will. It feels like we're fighting a lot lately. I know. Yeah. It sucks. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Privileged 1x18 All about a brand new you Chapter 13 - I am woman, hear me roar Already? Damn. Study time. What is the problem? I'm not saying that doves aren't beautiful. I'm just saying they're not practical. Right, Olivia? Not if you want the fireworks, too. I can do doves. I can do fireworks. I can't do both at the same time. I had to learn that the hard way. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Megan, we need an unbiased opinion. And I got a million of 'em. Hit me. Do doves make you think of Jesus? Yes or no. I never said that. I just said they felt a little ?God bless ye merry gentlemen? and the rabbi performing our ceremony might not approve. The rabbi's performing a ceremony for two men. Doves are the least of his concern. Three days, guys. Three days here. Ok, well, personally, doves don't feel religious to me, but I would worry about the poop factor. I mean, you guys are paying a lot of money for the chuppah. You don't want any bird crap all over it, do you? Thanks, perky! Ok, fireworks it is. Moving on. Fireworks. Hey, lady. Ready to ibsen it up? Or should we wait for Rose? She's down at madrigals. Or that ballroom dancing thing she made Zach take with her. I don't know. She's taking ballroom dancing? Yep. Apparently Rose's quest to becoming more independent Has turned her into a middle-aged divorc?e. Hmm. Ok. Well, maybe we should work out another study schedule. That way I don't have to do the lessons twice and you guys could spend some more time together. I'm sure you miss her. I'm fine. Besides, we'll be spending lots of time together in Aspen next week. Oh, you guys are going to Aspen For spring break? That sounds fun. We do it every year. A couple of Thai massages and a few seaweed body wraps, and Rose will be back to normal. Now, are we gonna study? I have a life. Ok. Henrik Ibsen's A Doll's House. Now the question that's being posed is, is Nora a hero or an anti-hero? Now, I wondered if-- Hero, obviously. Ok. Well, so much for discussion. What's to discuss? She had a douche-bag husband who gave her an eating disorder and kept calling her a squirrel. - I'd leave, too. - Really? I'm surprised at how quickly you came to that conclusion. I'm a big fan of blink. Anyway, we don't need to talk about this because I'm just going to wing the presentation, and I'm sure I'll do fine. I'm sure that you'll do fine, too, but what if instead of doing fine, you did great, you know? Took the time to make case, form a reargument, maybe throw in some bullet points. Maybe change the minds of one of your classmates. What do I care if Loretta Bernardo agrees with me about some stupid play? Because the ability to make people think is a powerful gift, Sage. And you are a really strong person with an intelligent point of view, and, I don't know, you could really effect people if you tried. I don't need bullet points to get people to agree with me. I have a black amex card for that. Hmm, ok. Let's talk about Mrs. Linde. Do you think that her arrival was a contributing factor to Nora's decision to leave at the end of the play? Or do you think that she would have made a different decision had Mrs. Linde now shown up? Oh, yeah. I talk about that on page three. You finished your whole report already? Well, I have to give mine in tomorrow since I'm leaving town early. I already told Laurel. She said it was fine. Really? Sage didn't say anything about you leaving early for Aspen. Oh, no, she told you about Aspen? Help! Help! Oh, yay, it's finally here! Some might say she's single-handedly revitalizing the economy with her shopping addiction. Some might ask you to take that silver lining and hang me with it. Wow. Ok, that's not from anthropology. Nope. This is a survival kit. Oh, I'm gonna hate this story, aren't I? Ok, so you know how I moved into my own room about a month ago after I found out that you guys all lied to me about different stuff? You've decided to kill us and leave our bodies in the woods? Wow, that's super dark, Megan. Actually, I think this has been really good for me. I've grown a lot these past couple of weeks. I'm writing in my journal, I'm getting dressed without the oracle, and I'm even learning how to make my own smoothies. Well, that's great, Rose. I know! So I figured, why not step it up a notch and go on a wilderness expedition. Well, it's gonna foster my personal growth, encourage teamwork, and it's gonna teach me how to spelunk. Teach you how to sp-what? Check it out. Ten days in a northern Minnesota frozen wonderland. Doesn't that sound awesome? It sounds... cold! And not necessarily the next step after having just mastered the blender. You don't think I can hack it? I'm sure you can hack it. It's just... Well, it's not how I thought you would be spending your spring break. Mainly because Sage just told me that you were spending it together. In Aspen. Oh, you haven't told her yet, have you? Well, I was hoping maybe that you could do it for me. Oh, I would rather learn how to spelunk! But she's not gonna understand why I want to do all this! Ok, well, she's never going to understand if you don't talk to her about it. And the longer you wait, the worse it's gonna be. What on earth? What are you crossing out? Oh, I'm just changing your wedding vows. Don't mind me. Well, stop it. I spent a long time writing those vows. Did you? Or did you rent ?Beaches? last weekend and get all moony over Midler? Yeah, I thought so. Wind beneath my ass! Uh, hey, man. I've been meaning to talk to you about this weekend. You picked the fish, guapo. No backsies! No, I know. It's just that my folks are coming in on Saturday. They wanted to surprise me and already booked the flight. How sweet. Yeah, that's adorable. They can't come. - Olivia! - You want to change the seating chart again? They can't come. I figured, but my mom's gonna freak out if I don't spend time with them. They're only coming in for a couple of days. It's ok. Go be with your family. Mm-hmm. And you owe me $250. You owe me new vows tomorrow, Marco. Seacrest out! Mmm, smells so good in here. Steak au poivre. Be ready in a few. Oh, I can't tonight. I have dinner with Will. Really? Yes, really. What's with all the eyebrows? No eyebrows. I just haven't seen sir William around these past few weeks. That's because we've both been really busy. He's been spending all his time at the magazine, and I've been working on my book about Laurel. Wow, that's great. I just love it when people bury themselves in work to avoid relationship troubles. It always turns out so well. We are not avoiding anything. Oh, no? When was the last time you two went out on a real date? I told you, we are going out tonight. Hi, pookie! Hey, don't be mad, but I have to cancel dinner tonight. Oh, no. What happened? David called another last minute meeting for all the department heads, and-- Wait, did you just call me "pookie"? Didn't you have one of those last night? Yes, and the night before that, and the night before that. This guy David is a nightmare. I mean, he can't make a decision to save his life. We've literally reformatted the entire issue six times already. Well, you know what, that's ok. I have some writing to do anyway. So we can just do it another time. Like maybe tomorrow. I could come by for lunch tomorrow. Oh. Actually, I'm, um, I'm supposed to go see my dad tomorrow morning. You know what, Whatever, I will go by his house earlier and then I will come to see you at lunch. Well, no, don't change your plans if it's a big deal. No, no, no, no, it's not a big deal. I miss you. And it feels like it's been forever since we hung out. I know, I-- I miss you, too. Will, can you come here? So, yeah, come by tomorrow. That'll be great. Ok, good. - I love you. - I love you, too. So how do you like your steak, pookie? Cielo Prep Hey, you want one of my French fries? I can't. The brochure says that I need to prepare my stomach for the foods I'm going to be eating in the wild. Oh, like berries and stuff? And maybe even antelope. Which is not the same thing as cantaloupe. I was really bummed when I found that out. What is that horrible smell? I'm literally dying. Sorry, it's me. It's my bug repellant. Oh, my god! No! I know, it's gross, but I have to get my skin used to it so I don't get zits. That does it. I've put up with a lot of weird crap recently, but that's the last straw. I mean, fleece, Rose? Seriously? Why not just get a perm and call it a day? Ugh. Jojo! You happy now? You're driving away all our friends with all your growing. Look, ok, I know that you're still mad-- Of course I'm still mad. It's gonna take me more than just 24 hours to get over the fact that you're ditching me for spring break. Well, it's something that I have to do! You don't have to do any of this! You want to. Just admit that you're changing into someone else on purpose; someone who doesn't need their friends or their boyfriend or even their sister. At least then we can all stop waiting for you. Oh... you know that's not true, Zach. Yeah, I know. But maybe this trip isn't the best idea. Maybe I should go with you. You know, I could skip out on my model U.N. trip, although being in Russia, I do get to wear the furry hat. You don't think that I can do it. Oh, no, no, that's not what I was-- Well, guess what? I'm not sure that I can, either. But that's the point-- to push myself, ok? Push myself so... I don't have to lean on anyone like I've been doing my whole life. And if you don't understand that, then I don't want to share my bird seed lunch with you. Do not help me! I am so sorry I'm late. I had the most terrible morning-- Please tell me it's not Friday. - It's Friday. - I refuse to accept that. - Hey, Megan. - Hi. Will, have you done the revisions on the fourth section yet? Because apparently it's Friday. I'm almost done, but I was just about to take a quick lunch. You know what, go. Go. Live your life. Because we are never getting this issue out on time anyway. - Oh, yeah, we are. - Is he always this calm? - Yep. - Does it drive you crazy? Indeedy-do. Are you ok? You said "terrible." Well, my dad flaked on me this morning and I could have been working on Laurel's book, which is way overdue. Maybe we should just cancel lunch. What? No! Come on. I mean, you're stressed out, I've got a ton of work to do, and... let's just stick to our plan for Saturday night. Are we avoiding each other? What are you talking about? No, I know... That we're busy. You're busy and I'm busy, and I don't know. I mean... There's a lot of cute girls running around this office, and when was the last time we had sex? Oh, I'm glad that you think it's so funny! No, I don't think that it's funny, I think it's sweet. And I'm glad that you're worried about all the cute girls, even though you don't need to be. But... It's nice to know that you still care. Of course I care. Good. So do I. We're just--come on, we're just in a thing. - It's-- - Yeah. - Yeah, and we're busy. - We're really busy! Right? And you know what, as soon as this issue comes out, we're gonna take a trip. - We are? - Yes. Me and you. A week in St. Bart's. How great does that sound? Well, it sounds amazing, but are you sure that you can take off work? I mean, after the first issue comes out, you'll basically be going right into the second one, and-- That's my problem. All right, I'll figure it out, don't worry. Ok. Call me later? Call you later. Hey, gorgeous. I'm almost done here. Oh, take your time. So I heard a rumor that someone's parents might be coming into town this weekend. And as luck would have it, I'm completely free tomorrow. I thought that I have to meet your parents, obviously. No, no, no, no, I'm sorry, I forgot about that. I would love to introduce you my parents... Except they're not really coming. I made that up. Seriously? Why? Well, because I needed an excuse to get out of going to Marco's ceremony thing. I'm confused. I can't participate in something like that, that's all. Something like what? I love Marco, You know that. I just think it's hypocritical of me to attend something I don't think should be happening. Two dudes getting married? Come on. I don't believe this. It's not like I'm the only one in the world who feels that way. Most of this country agrees with me. I'm not dating most of the country. And you know what, most of the country thinks it's ok to wear mini skirts with cowboy boots, but you know what? They're wrong! And you're wrong! And I can't believe how idiotic you sound right now! Hey! Forget it. I got it! Wait, no, I don't got it! Oops. Hello, Zach. I think Rose has just landed. Wait, what? Hey. Um, so listen, listen. I feel really bad about what I said yesterday. Mainly because I didn't mean it at all. What didn't you mean? I'm not worried about you getting hurt in the woods. I mean, yeah, I do worry about your safety, generally speaking, but that's not why I don't want you to go. So why don't you want me to go? 'Cause I'm afraid. Some of what your sister was saying is true. You know, You are changing. And not in a bad way, but I'm just nervous that if you change too much you might change into someone who doesn't want to date me anymore. Oh, Zach! Look, I just don't if I'm ever going to be the kind of guy who can go number 2 in the woods. And after 10 days of wilderness expedition, you might want a sportier guy, or, I don't know... You may be right. Look, I don't know what I'm going to be like when I get back, or what I'm gonna want. I guess anything is possible, and that's what makes it so exciting. But... I really hope we still want to be together when I get back. 'Cause I like you a lot. Lynn, I can't control the market, so what the hell do you want me to do? That is not an option. I just said I'm not interested. Because I'm not, that's why. Oh! I could come back at a better time. Oh, well, if I would have believed my associates, there may not be a better time. What are you holding there? Well, actually-- is this my book? The first hundred pages. I included an outline for the remainder oft. This is exciting. I hope you like it. And again, it's very rough. And it's just the first third of it, so... Oh, uh, excuse me, Laurel, it's Will. Hey, Will, what's up? I'll be right there. Um... I'm sorry, Laurel, but, um, Will needs me to come over. I'll be back as soon as I can. Olivia: and 1, 2, 3, 1, 2, 3, Who sucks more? I don't know. Ugh! You're not listening to the rhythm. It's hard to dance properly when somebody stuck shrimp onto the menu without telling me. For the last time, we are not kosher! Well, my parents don't eat high trife! What the hell is high trife! All right, now listen, gays, and listen good. The only reason I signed on for this shindig is because, when I met you two, you both seemed so stupid happy, it actually restored my faith in love again. If I wanted to participate in a craptastic marriage, I would go to my parents' house for dinner so get it in gear, or you're gonna have yourselves a red hag walkin'. Both: sorry. I'll go talk to her. I'll talk to the caterer. You need anything, honey? Oh, no. What did you do? Nothing! I didn't do anything. Well, maybe I did. See, I just found out that a friend of mine lied to another friend of mine. And I don't know if I should tell him, because it's probably going to hurt his feelings-- I mean, her feelings-- And it's not really my place to get involved, and-- and you really don't want me to fire Luis over it. Exactly. Wait-- I know Luis' parents aren't coming to town. Honey, I've boogied down the homophobic block many times. Luis couldn't even look me in the eye when he was making up that doozy. I'm so sorry, Marco. Obviously, I disagree with him about the whole thing. I can't wait to come tomorrow. I know. And I can't wait to see what you're wearing. It's just so awful that he feels this way. I mean, how am I supposed to date him now? Obviously, we have to break up. No, no, no, don't go all Norma Gay for me. This is not something to break up over. You have a difference of opinion. It happens all the time. Yeah, but it's a big difference. It bums me out that he thinks this way. Well, he's young, he might change his mind. And being with someone as smart as you might be the reason he changes his mind. You never know. Thank you, sweetie. I love you, too. Are you going to say something soon? Yeah, hold on a sec, I'm just trying to read my handwriting, and it sucks. I can't read my bullets. I'm not in the mood for a lecture. It's not a lecture. I just want to... encourage an open dialogue about an issue that is important to me. First, I'd like to apologize for my behavior yesterday. I didn't mean to call you idiotic. That was immature. Thank you. I've given a lot of thought to what you said, and I'd like to propose a counter-argument. And my first step in this argument will be a screening of Sean Penn's ?Milk?. Forget it. What's wrong with Sean Penn? I'm not interested, Sage. Not interested in what, having a discussion? Yes. I don't need to discuss everything. Some things just are. But that's crazy. If it's not up for discussion, then what's the point? The point is to be grateful for the things we already know the answers to. It's the people who challenge every tiny notion that are unhappy in this world. I'm not unhappy, I'm involved. Ok. When you wanted me to go to church, I didn't want to, but I went because I knew it was important to you. And I'm so glad I did, because I found out all this stuff about myself and I'm better for it now. But you won't even sit down and watch a stupid movie with me? Because I don't need to. I feel the way I feel, and I don't understand why it has to be such a big deal. It doesn't. I-- I just wanted to talk about it, but if it's making you that upset, then... we don't have to, we can skip it. Ok. So, if you want to see a different movie, I'm up for that. I probably shouldn't. It's getting late, and I have to get up early. Ok. Well, have fun tomorrow. I will. Thanks. Will: No, I hear what you're saying, man, but if you want to change the entire layout before we go to print, that means-- No, it's not that I can't get out of it, I just don't know that it's necessary. Ok, look, let me call you back, ok? Ok. What's going on? It's the same thing! He keeps changing his mind about this layout or that picture or which article goes where, and it's like... who cares It's a frickin' indie magazine that five people are going to read. So he wants you to go back to work now? What he wants would take all night and then all day tomorrow. And I'd miss Marco's wedding. Oh... Yes, exactly. Screw that noise. Well, what is it that he wants you to do? It's a totally lateral move. The whole thing was better on Monday. So you don't like the way it looks either. Well, that's good. What's good about it? Well, at least the work that you'll be doing will make it better, you know, something that you can more proud of. I'm not going in, Megan. Will... What? You can't not go in. He's your boss. Well, if he would have listened to me on Monday, then we wouldn't be in this situation in the first place. Ok, but you are in it, and it's your job, and you're really lucky to have it, so suck it up. Excuse me? I'm sorry. I didn't mean for it to sound like that. I'm just--I'm just saying, it is the first issue, and it sounds like he's stressing. Wait, are you taking his side? No, of course not. You just sound like you're taking this all for granted, and it's a little hard for me to swallow, because I would kill to be in your position right now. You could have been in my position, you opted out. I did not opt out! It would have taken one phone call from my dad, but, no, you were too good for that. I didn't want to get the job that way! Why not? Lots of people get jobs that way, Megan. That's life. It's not always about being cautious, or climbing up some imaginary ladder. Oh, I love how you're going to tell me how life works when you were just sitting here saying Um, screw my boss, I'm not going in, let's fly off to St. Bart's for the week! Don't do that. Then don't tell me that I didn't want that job, because I wanted it. I was never going to get it because David had to choose between you and me, and the decision was made before I even started to pitch. What are you talking about? He didn't want both of us there because we were dating, and fighting, and-- Who told you that? He did, ok? he told me that. And you didn't feel the need to share that bit of information with me? What good would it have done? You don't get it. All of this, it's normal to you. Things come easy to you, and you never even stop to ask why because that's how your life is. Maybe that's why you don't know what it feels like to take pride in your work or appreciate the process, because it's never been earned! Oh, god, let it go, Megan! Stop analyzing me and reducing me to some dumbass stereotype! That's not-- You know what, I don't care what you think because I am done apologizing for who I am and where I come from. All right, it's obvious that I am never going to be enough for you, and to be honest with you, I am so over it. I am sick of all of your rules and your whole type "A" approach to life. It's too hard. You make it too hard, Megan. What are you saying? I'm saying... I don't want to do this anymore. I'm done. I'm getting married! Congratulations, Mrs. Giordiani. You must be very excited! She can't hear you. Also, she's blind as a bat. So ix-nay on the eith-kay. Just kidding. Noni's the first person I came out to. Isn't that right, Noni? The deaf part was true. Where the hell is that boy? Don't worry, he's coming. Oh, and I'm sorry about Will. What? Well, he told me he wasn't going to be able to make it today. Oh, honey, don't worry. I'll make sure you have plenty of dance partners. Olivia: Ooh, all right. Remind me never to do a wedding again-- Where the hell are we? Florida. Yeah, thank you. It might actually be too moist for love. Ok. You've gotta take your seat. Grandma, center stage! Ok, boys, make me proud. This is it! Rose, start the singing now! * I'm old-fashioned * * I love the moonlight * * I love the old-fashioned things * * This year's fancies * * Are passing fancies * * But sighing sighs, holding hands * * These my heart understands * * I'm old-fashioned * * But I don't mind it * * As long as you agree * * To stay old-fashioned * * With me * Rabbi: Marco, Keith, this day's been a long time coming. You're not dancing. I'm not really good at the free style. Reckless abandon, not really my thing. I read your pages. I think they're wonderful. It's funny, thoughtful. Tad over-written in places, but we can work on that. Well, I'm glad you liked them. Well, let's be serious. It's a book about me I'm your target audience. I must admit, it is something seeing my life all typed up like that. I never realized how many times I had reinvented myself over the years. It's pretty impressive. Where's William? Oh, I would-- Well, hmm. We broke up. Oh, no. I'm so sorry. What happened? I don't know. Uh... Something about me making life too hard with my rigid, type "A"... I don't know. It's who I am. It's who I always have been. And do you like who you are? I don't know. Sometimes I wish I could be more impulsive. Not worry so much about the rules and the consequences. But... I just don't think that's in my DNA. Well, change isn't something that just happens, Megan. It's something you make happen. Chapter 3-- My Turban Phase. You think that came naturally? Oh, perhaps you should practice a little impulsive behavior right now. Maybe some free style. I'll go if you come with. What the hell? Yes! Yeah, you think? You nailed it. This is exactly right. Yeah? I mean, I couldn't figure out what you meant before, but when I started looking at the copy side-by-side-- it changed your perspective, right? Sometimes I think I'm going crazy looking over the same piece of copy 60 times, but when it's right, you just know it, and it feels great, right? Yeah. It does. Look, man, I'm sorry if I've been a little bit hard on you recently. It's just that this is-- this is a huge opportunity for me, and I don't want your dad to think that he made a mistake in hiring me. Oh, I'm sure that he doesn't. Yeah, well, I don't have the luxury of being sure. I just have to be great. You're lucky. You get to be both. What do you mean? You don't have to be talented, man. But you are. And I really appreciate how hard you've been working. I'm lucky to have you as a member of my team. Well, I'm lucky to be here, David. Do you want to help me pick out my cover choice? I'm down to my top 8. I'm in. This is... Yeah. I was hoping you would come home first. Yeah, I got that oral report to do tomorrow, and I still have some work to do, so... What are you doing here? I was waiting for you. Really? I didn't like the way we left things last night. I thought we'd go out, have some coffee. Yeah, that sounds good. All right, you go change and I'll wait. Ok. You didn't ask me how it was. Oh, right, right. How was it? It was amazing. Marco and Keith were so happy, and the ceremony was so touching, I actually cried. Can you believe that? Yeah. That's great. Yeah, it was. And you missed it. Yeah, well, that's ok. You're gonna miss a lot of stuff, huh? I mean, probably. I mean, you've already made up your mind about so many things, it's hard to be open to all the new experiences out there. I'm good with the experiences I have. It's enough for me. Maybe. But it's not enough for me. I guess I just want to be with someone who wants to explore with me. Someone who wants to see everything and ask questions and change my mind and let me change theirs. I want to have as much doubt as I do certainty. And--and you... And you don't. No, I don't. You're an amazing guy, Luis. But I just don't think you're the right guy for me. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, too. I hope you get everything you want. Is it just me, or did the party get a whole lot smaller. It's not just you. Right. Well, I guess that means I shouldn't order another cocktail. Well, they're still free, right? Scotch and soda, please. I'll have a champagne, please. So, um, groom or groom? I am friends with Marco. Are you? Keith used to live next door to my family. In England? Oh, no. So is that a fake accent? No. Ok. Where are those crazy lovebirds? You know? 'Cause I wanted to say good-bye before I left. Yeah, I'm pretty sure they left already. Oh. Ok. Must have missed that one. Mmm, well, you know. When the wedding party leaves the party, I guess the party is definitely over. Agreed. But I hear some of the guests are gonna go to the breakers. Do you want to-- No, I can't. Mm-mmm. Although, maybe I should. No. No, no. No, I can't. No. But, uh, well, you know, it was a pleasure meeting you. You, too. Toodles. We're on the same shuttle. Right. You know, I'll take the next one. Come in. Hey. I just-- I wanted to say bye. My flight leaves super early tomorrow morning and I didn't want to wake you, so... Wait, have you been crying? Oh, my gosh, what's wrong? Oh! What happened? Luis and I broke up. Oh, no! Why? I don't know! I guess at the end, we just really were too different, just not for the reasons everyone thought. God, I'm so sorry. Me, too. Forget it, I'm not going. What? I cannot leave you like this. Oh! This is your first real break-up. You are going to need hugs and ice cream and oxygen facials. No, I'll be fine. Sage... I promise. Obviously this trip is really important to you, and maybe I don't understand all the reasons why, but... I'm so proud of you, Rosie. I think it's really brave. You do? Yeah. I do. I'm freaking out. What? I mean, I am balls to the walls terrified! I'm pretty sure that there's a good chance that I'm gonna get eaten by a cantaloupe! Antelope. Right. Oh, my god! I think you'll be fine. I think we'll both be fine. At least I hope so. Me, too. And all this personal growth stuff is so stressful. It's--it's hard figuring out the kind of person you want to be. Frankly I don't know why we started trying. Things were a lot easier when all we did was shop. I blame Megan. Totally. Oh, well, speaking of Megan, are you done with your report? I'm so bummed I'm gonna miss it tomorrow. I think so. Took me a while to finish, actually. I think the question was kind of hard. Hmm. Well, do you want to practice on me? Yeah, it'll help get your mind off Luis for a little bit, until we get our ice cream sundaes. Oh, yeah, we're getting ice cream sundaes. Ok. In Henrik Ibsen's play A Doll's House, We're being asked to decide whether or not we think the protagonist Nora is a hero or an anti-hero. Now, one might look at her choices of lying to her husband and abandoning her family as only an anti-hero would do. And some might argue that those very same choices were courageous for a woman of that time, leading you to believe that Nora is actually a hero. But I don't think that either one of these things are true. I think people are complex. They're not good or bad, black or white. I think labels are destructive. Unless, of course, it's a Chanel label. The choices we make, especially when we're young, don't decide who we are. They just add to the people we're becoming. So I reject the idea of hero or anti-hero. I challenge the question itself. Hello? I'm sorry, did I wake you? Oh, no. No, no, no, I was just-- I was just getting up. I want to apologize. All right, I said a lot of things the other day that I didn't mean, and I was frustrated and tired, and I didn't really get what you were saying. What I was saying? But last night, we finished the magazine and it was amazing. And I was so proud. Like, I really contributed to something, and--and you were right, I never really knew what that felt like before. And had you not said it, it might not have registered. That's great. But-- I need you, Megan. I love you. You do? Look, I know we have our problems, but I really think that we can work it out. Can I come over? I want-- I want to talk. Ok, great. Yeah, come over. I'll see you in 10. Morning, sexy. -==ragbear.com==- Revised and edited by ju.vianna 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 