Death Row Stories: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Death Row Stories 
 s1e4 - Killer Cop - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Death Row Stories (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Killer Cop - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 On this episode of "Death Row Stories"... In a tiny Florida town, an 11-year-old girl is found raped and murdered. That little girl died in the dark, alone, with a monster. And the investigation leads the police back to one of their own. - Of course we didn't want to believe a police officer - would do this. I had always wanted to get in law enforcement and here I am, going to death row. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But a Miami detective becomes convinced that the ex-cop is innocent. There really was no hard evidence. We have an innocent guy here. This is crazy! And the case takes an unexpected turn. You never say, "It can't be", because often, it is. There's a body in the water. He was butchered and murdered. Many people proclaim their innocence. In this case, there are a number of things that stink. This man is remorseless. He needs to pay for it with his life. The electric chair flashed in front my eyes. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Get a conviction at all costs. Let the truth fall where it may. I was the Chief of Police for city of Mascotte. Mascotte, Florida, it's a small, poor community, about 1700 residents. Uh, maybe a quarter of them were seasonal migrant workers. I was working in the school that morning. Then I got contacted by a resident. He said, "I went down to the lake to go fishing." - And, uh, he said, "I'm not sure, but I think there's - a body in the water. He said "A little girl." The body was floating face-down. The feet were touching the shoreline. And her arms were spread out. Police identified the victim as 11-year-old Teresa McAbee. She had last been seen the previous evening around 10:00 p.m. at a Circle K convenient store located just 400 feet from her home. She told me she had to do her math homework and she didn't have a pencil. And I remember I kept telling her, "No" because I didn't want her to leave the house. And she said, "But, Mom, it won't take but five minutes." So I finally said, "Yeah." And she left. By the time I came back out of the store... One of the last people to see Teresa alive was local police officer, James Duckett. - I said, "Listen." I said,"It's getting - close to 10:30 p.m." I said, "I want you to go straight home." Duckett reminded Teresa of the 10:30 p.m. curfew for minors. When she didn't come back, I went to... Walked to the store to make sure she was still there, and she wasn't. She got out of the store, walked down in front of the ice machines again, and turned the corner, I assumed, headed home. Then I kept... I just walked places and I couldn't find her. When Teresa's body was discovered the following morning the tiny Mascotte Police Department turned to the county sheriff's office for help. Investigator Rocky Harris responded to the call. When I got there, the uh, child was dead in the water. Uh, I swam out and got her and brought her in. How do you describe a child? I mean, it was, uh... It was a little tough. Investigators summoned the rookie officer, Duckett, to the crime scene to get more details about Duckett's encounter with the victim the night before. At the crime scene, there was some tire tracks. It had rained a little bit in that area and so the tracks was real good. And then, later on, Officer Duckett arrived. We looked over at Duckett's patrol car, and the tires matched. At that point we had his car impounded, and we found the child's fingerprints all over the car, the hood of the car. - Of course we didn't want to believe a police officer - would do this. Teresa McAbee's autopsy revealed that she had been sexually assaulted and strangled to death. A pubic hair was also found in her underwear. We got a court order and took samples from Duckett. And that's when they come back in positive identification. A policeman who may have been the last person to see 11-year old Teresa McAbee alive is under investigation himself tonight. I just couldn't believe it. He was supposed to serve and protect the community. She probably thought, "Well, he's a police officer. He'll take me home." But that never happened. Residents are outraged. You teach your children to go to a police officer if they, you know, are in trouble or need help. Despite the community uproar, Police Chief, Mike Brady, who had hired and mentored Duckett, held fast in his belief that investigators were focusing on the wrong man. My confidence in him hadn't been shaken. I was of the opinion that the truth is going to come out. He's gonna be exonerated as a suspect. We're going to get to business and find out who murdered this child. James Duckett was arrested and charged with first-degree murder. Duckett's trial began on April 25,1988. Assistant State Attorney, Steve Hurm prosecuted the case and sought the death penalty. That little girl died in the most traumatic, terrifying way. In the dark, alone, with a monster. Hurm called an eyewitness, 17-year-old Gwen Gurley, to the stand. Gurley testified that on the night of the murder, she saw Teresa talking to Duckett. Moments later, she saw Duckett leave the scene with a small person in his police car. Did you see the car as it turned the corner? Yes. Were you able to see inside the car? Yes. - Two. Prosecutors also called three women who each testified that officer Duckett had made sexual advances while he was on duty. They were all accosted by Duckett when he was on duty in uniform in his patrol car on the midnight shift and taken by him to, uh, wooded areas. It took jury less than ninety minutes to find James Duckett guilty of capital sexual battery and murder in the first degree. On June 30th, 1988, James Duckett was sentenced to death. When they sentenced him, it was probably one of the best days of my life. Because I took a bad cop out. Who'd killed a child. Hmm... Fourteen years after Duckett's conviction, a retired Miami Police homicide detective, named Marshall Frank, began doing research for a crime novel he wanted to write. When I retired, I moved to a little town in North Carolina called Maggie Valley. And it's in the mountains, it's beautiful. I had an idea for a novel in which the protagonist ends up on death row. So, being an investigator, I wanted to talk to a death row inmate. I got fifteen names. I wrote each of them a letter. Eight of them wanted to tell me how they weren't guilty. And one of the responses was from James Duckett. And he seemed logical. He seemed articulate. Contrary to what I promised myself I wouldn't do, I said, "I'm going to look more into this." I'm not a bleeding heart. I don't fall for people saying they're not guilty because I heard it all my career. I put a lot of people in jail for murder. I don't think I was ever wrong. So I pulled out all the files, read every report. - When I started assembling all of the evidence, - it's like a mosaic. - You get a little piece of this tile, a little - piece of that tile, - a little piece of that tile, you put them together - and you get a picture. And the picture was innocent. Former police officer, James Duckett, was on death row for the murder of 11-year-old Teresa McAbee when retired Miami homicide detective, Marshall Frank began corresponding with him. I just wanted to see if this needed to be investigated further if there's an innocent man on death row. - I have no problem with punishing people for - doing a terrible crime. I put many away myself. But this guy may have been railroaded. Watch out for that stuff here. You're going through. I'm James Arden Duckett and we are currently at Florida State Prison in Starke. Uh, I'm sentenced to death, so I am currently on death row. Been here since June 30, 1988. - I wrote Duckett a letter. "Tell me more about - this situation." Well, I got a big letter back. He reached out to me, said, "I'm a retired detective from Miami Police Department "He said,"I wanna help you out. I wanna see what your case is." Uh, I told him that I walked in this building scared to death, as a young man. Never been inside a prison, never been in any trouble before, and here I am, going to death row. I had a career going. I had a beautiful wife. I had two young sons. I had a future that I was moving towards and all of that was taken for no reason except to satisfy somebody's idea that I was the one that did this. Frank decided to put the novel he was writing on hold and get more involved in Duckett's case. So I go to Florida and I poured over the reports and I began to see flaws. This young woman, her name was Gwen, she says she saw the child get into the police car. - Marshall discovered there was more to Gwen Gurley, - the only eyewitness, Than jurors had been led to believe. I just wanted to know more about how that come about, that she would testify against, uh, Duckett. Gwen Gurley was always getting involved in thefts or involved in, you know, disturbances and then all of a sudden, she becomes a star witness with the worst credibility you could ever have. Let's see, in '87, I was 16. I was a typical teenager, I would say, except I was getting in a little bit of trouble. Gwen Gurley was in the Leesburg City Jail. Three counts of grand theft. And the news report of Duckett's indictment came on the news. ...James Duckett in connection with the killing. And she saw that, and she called a female corrections officer over and told her, "I was there. I know something about that case." The Sheriff's department of, um, Lake County come talk to me. The inference was, "We can give you a break if you, you know, "if you saw something that we should know about. Hint, hint." Gwen testified against Duckett and was let out of jail having served less than six months of a two-year sentence. But a year after James Duckett was sentenced to death, Gurley recanted her original testimony and said she never actually saw officer Duckett with Teresa McAbee. In a sworn affidavit, Gurley claimed that she had been induced into testifying against Duckett by investigator, Rocky Harris. Rocky Harris took me in and out of the jail, asked a lot of questions. A lot of questions. Best I can recall, I never offered her any deal whatsoever. After learning that Gwen Gurley had recanted her testimony, Marchall Frank also discovered that Duckett had an alibi for the time of Teresa's murder. An alibi the jury had never heard. - He told me that he couldn't have been there at the murder - right then Because he got a call from the Jiffy Stop, another convenience store in a different part of town. So he went over there around the time the little girl was being murdered. He jotted everything down in his little spiral logbook, time, activities, traffic stop. The notebook has her information in it that I wrote down that night. I said, "Did that log sheet get introduced into trial?" - And he said, "No." He said,"I don't know - what happened to it." It was confiscated from him by the police. Well, they took the notebook when they impounded the patrol car. The notebook's got Teresa's information that I wrote down at 10:30 p.m. that night, and then at 11:00 p.m., I was at the Jiffy Store. How can you be assaulting Teresa and be on a well They could have went and spoke to the clerk and, and, and confirmed that. This alibi would be very good and there was no reason for his attorney not to produce this in court as a defense. But if Duckett was innocent, how could Frank explain the pubic hair found in Teresa McAbee's underwear? Pubic hair that an FBI forensic analyst said matched James Duckett's? Mike Malone was a long-time FBI expert, and Malone took at look at it and he said it was indistinguishable from Duckett's hair. Marshall Frank wasn't so sure and what he soon learned about FBI expert, Mike Malone, would further convince him that Duckett was innocent. Overall, it stunk to high heaven. The whole thing stunk. Retired homicide detective, Marshall Frank was investigating James Duckett's case on death row. At the same time, Beth Wells, an appeals attorney from Atlanta, was also fighting to prove Duckett's innocence. I represent Jim Duckett. I have been representing him since 1990. - When I started, it was a bloody time period - in Florida. There were seven execution warrants, um, the day I was hired. We had seven active warrants. That means seven men were going to be executed. And Jim was one of my very first clients. If there ever is a God-sent person, I believe Beth is mine. Uh, she's never gave up on me. I started investigating his case - and every time I would look into something, - I would discover, - "Well, hang on. That's not as they said it was at trial. - That doesn't flesh out." - And then you realize, "Wait, we have - an innocent guy here." The Prosecution's key evidence against James Duckett was pubic hair that had been found in Teresa McAbee's underwear, but neither Beth Wells nor Marshall Frank were buying it. Duckett was accused of sexually assaulting her. One of the things that troubled me a lot is that the Prosecution was saying that the pubic hair inside her panties was from the killer, but it wasn't uncommon for Teresa to put her mommy's panties on. So maybe that pubic hair was already there in those panties. Records also show that the Prosecution took unusual steps to connect the pubic hair to Duckett. The sheriff's department had been with her hair analysis, shopping it around. FDLE, the Florida Department of Law Enforcement had told them, "Nope, there ain't nothing there." FDLE said that the hair was probably not mine. - Twenty-eight out of thirty characteristics - didn't match the hair. Lifecodes told them, "Nope. Ain't nothing there." - Lifecodes says, "We can't do it because - there's no root in it." - The state of DNA testing at the time is, "We can't - do anything with it. So we went to the FBI because they're the mack daddy of, uh, labs. And we asked them to take a look at it. Mike Malone is the FBI expert. He tests it and he comes up and says, "Oh yeah. This is Jim Duckett's hair. Microscopically consistent." - So you have the pre-eminent investigative agency - in the country, Saying it's Jim Duckett's hair. That's powerful evidence to a jury. There is no question they're going to believe that. With advanced DNA science not yet available at time of the trial, the Prosecution relied on inexact hair-testing methods, - yielding results that would not be accepted in - a court of law today. - I consulted a couple of forensic experts myself - who I knew. And there was no way anybody, FBI, no matter where they're from, could say that that pubic hair belonged to James Duckett. There's no way they could say that. As it turned out, the FBI's hair and fiber analyst, Mike Malone, had a long history of controversial findings. Over the years, Mike Malone, in many cases, has given evidence that, through DNA testing, we've discovered is just simply incorrect. Recently the FBI hired an independent expert to re-examine Mike Malone's testimony in all these cases. Because they're concerned that he's exaggerating. For the State to even use the guy was like, "Shame on them. Shame on them." - A jury should have known that that hair could not be - identified to anybody. But Duckett's defense attorney, Jack Edmund, had not questioned the pubic hair results at trial. He also neglected to gather evidence of Duckett's alibi and to depose some key witnesses. Jack assured me that he would handle this. "Don't worry about it. Consider it a short vacation," And he said, "We'll get this straightened out." I kept telling Jack, "I think you're over-confident. "You're taking too much for granted. You think they don't have that strong of a case, but you're not trying to convince me. You're trying to convince 12 other people. In order to retain Jack Edmund, - James Duckett's family had taken out a mortgage - on their home, Putting their hopes in one of the most renowned defense attorneys in Florida. From everything I could find, this, this attorney did a horrendous job in, uh, in defending James Duckett. Defense Attorney 101. You take depositions from the State's witnesses, the key witnesses anyway. This was never done. In 1997, Beth Wells appealed Duckett's case to the Lake County Circuit Court in Florida. Hoping to get new trial for Duckett, Wells called Jack Edmund to the stand to account for his poor performance. Edmund told the court, I blew it." I trusted Jack Edmund. I trusted that 25 years of experience as a criminal attorney, uh, that he would correct this. And, uh, I was wrong. Beth Wells also offered alternate suspects for the crime, starting with ex-cons and migrant workers who stayed at the McAbee home. Teresa's uncle testified that she had complained to him - that there was one man in particular who stayed - over there with her mother Who would try to pull her down on the couch and touch her inappropriately. - And for that reason, she had asked to stay - at the uncle's house. He's never been examined by the police. They didn't take hair follicles from him. He left town soon after. - We don't know where he is. We don't have - a full name for him. - There was always a lot of people around that home - that didn't live there, Like a little gathering. There was always more guys than girls. There was a lot of stuff to raise suspicion about, you know, you have an 11-year-old female child in the house. I think the person who was harassing Teresa at home killed her, dressed her, took her and dumped her in the lake. - But once they honed in on Jim Duckett, which was - very early in the case, They stopped looking at other people And that's not good police work. Wells also called Gwen Gurley to testify. Gurley, the only eyewitness who placed Teresa in Duckett's patrol car, had recanted her original testimony. If they used Gwen Gurley as a key witness to put me here and if she's not longer telling their lies, that should count for something. I can remember when we talked to Gwen. "Well, this is great stuff. She's recanted. She's the only person that saw the victim in the car." So we think, "This is going to get us a new trial. Nine years after James Duckett had been sentenced to death, the key witness in prosecution, Gwen Gurley, was prepared to testify that she had lied at his original trial. But the presiding judge put a stop to Gwen's admission, warning her of perjury charges if she changed her testimony. Judge Lockett told me if I perjured myself, that I would have to be sentenced to the maximum. Uh, I think it was seven years for each perjury. So, um, I plead the 5th. We asked the judge to grant immunity and he just didn't do it. How can you kill somebody, how can you execute somebody, and you've got a State's key witness that wants to tell the truth, and yet because it's not what the State wants, - they're going to threaten her with perjury and send her - back to prison What kind of system is that? While Duckett's appeal was severely weakened without Gurley's recanted testimony, Beth Wells was still able to attack the Prosecution's case, starting with the tire tracks found near Teresa's body. That little dirt road had these tire tracks on it, which was a pretty good catch by the detective. And so they did the right thing, they preserved the tracks, they did a mold of it and everything else. And sure enough, those tracks had the same tire pattern, tread pattern that the police cars had, But just because someone had a tire tread with the same basic pattern, doesn't mean it was that car. Duckett's former boss, Police chief Michael Brady, was also suspicious of the tire track evidence. Soon after Lake County investigators left the crime scene, he made a discovery that convinced him the evidence was flawed. We went out and could find no evidence that - the investigators had lifted any kind of a tire imprint - from the crime scene area. Then we walked back to the car. That's when Smith said, "Wait a minute. Here's something' over here." We found residue from plaster of Paris. And I realized the investigators lifted that tire imprint from outside the roped off crime scene and where we had been driving the car all day long. - And nobody's ever going to convince me of - anything different. Investigators also conducted soil comparison tests - between Duckett's patrol car and samples from - the crime scene. They did soil tests. No matches. There's not one bit of soil that's consistent with coming from the crime scene and it being on the police car. But after presenting the tire track evidence at the appeal, Beth would have to contend with the fingerprints on Duckett's police car. When we hd his car impounded, - the first thing that came back was the child's fingerprints - on the hood of the car. That, that in itself told a tale. Uh, you seen how her little hands kept getting further and further back, and his were right in there between them. Mike Brady had separate notion of what happened that night. - We later developed a theory that she could have - jumped up on the car, - which would have been hot from an engine already having - run for several hours. - So she might have jumped back off of it and that would - leave her fingerprints there. - His could have been on there from using it as a desk, - you know? I mean, they had their theory, We had our theories. I'll be honest with you. Had James Duckett said, "Yeah, she sat on the hood of my car. You know, that's why the fingerprints are there." And if he had said when he was looking for her, "I drove down past that pump house and went through there after the rain", that would've explained away the tire tracks. And we might never have, have focused in on him as a suspect. After Beth Wells finished making her case for a new trial, Judge Lockett denied the appeal. In 2003, Marshall Frank was ready to go to bat for James Duckett and called Beth Wells to offer his help. Beth was a little, uh, dubious about me. She's dubious about anybody who would be in the law enforcement side. Uh, didn't know for sure that I was really sincere, uh, in, in my probe. Marshall Frank contacts Jim - and I remember initially, I was like, "Whoa, whoa, - whoa", you know? I know nothing about this guy. I have no reason to trust him. I don't know where he's coming from. But from Jim's point of view, maybe this will be the person who's able to get somebody to listen. With the case at a dead end and Duckett headed towards execution, Marshall Frank had an idea. - He said, "I've got a friend that used to work for - the 'Miami Herald'." And I had read Edna Buchanan's stories before, over the years. And so I knew who the name was. And so I felt excited. Edna Buchanan was a Pulitzer Prize-Winning crime reporter for the "Miami Herald". Edna was, uh, an outstanding reporter, one of the best I've ever known. - I wanted to tell her what the story was - that I had for James Duckett. Marshall Frank kept calling me. I'd known him. He'd been a source of mine over the years. He said he'd found this case where he's convinced that a man on death row was innocent. I was dubious because if the wrong person is convicted, it's usually uh, someone who's poor, uh, minorities, not a white cop. And I kept saying, "Well, how sure are you?" And he was saying, "A hundred and fifteen percent sure this guy's innocent." So it didn't seem likely, but so many cases in Miami and in South Florida and in the whole state... You know, sometimes it's like "The Twilight Zone" and Rod Serling is the governor. You never just say, "It can't be", 'cause often, it is. With Frank's help, in 2003, Edna Buchanan wrote three front-page stories - for the "Miami Herald" about Duckett's possible - innocence. She started writing stories and I started getting all these media requests. I mean, from TVs and newspapers and "48 Hours" and "Primetime Live". I mean, they-they were just flooding in my cell. As publicity grew around Duckett's case, Marshall Frank was finally able to convince Beth Wells to show him a key piece of evidence. I wanted to see a copy of the notepad that Duckett told me about. According to the Defense, - Duckett's police notebook from the night of the murder - contained his alibi. - The notebook should have been in the trial record, - and it's not. The jury never sees it. And when you see it when you look at it, you go, "There's evidence right here." Beth faxed me copies of those pages. And I looked at them and... That began to give me some doubts. I could be wrong all along. Marshall Frank was working to prove Duckett's innocence. - But once he gained access to Duckett's police notebook - from the night of the crime, One particular entry aroused Frank's suspicions. There were certain notations. - His log had certain times of night, traffic stops - and all the little things That he, you know, that he did. Everything was in normal order. But the Jiffy Stop check that he talked about wasn't in the same order as all the other loggings. And I thought that was odd. The way it was written, looks as though it was put in there to establish the alibi. As I said, "Uh-oh uh-oh." All right, well, I'm still pursuing this because I believe the guy is innocent. With the notebook entry raising his suspicions, Frank decided to look more closely at evidence he had previously discounted, including the testimony of three young women who said Duckett had made sexual advances towards them. They all looked about the same age. They had similar physical appearance. They were slight of build, about the same length hair. They were all accosted by Duckett and taken by him to, uh, wooded areas. For nearly a year, Frank had only corresponded with Duckett or spoken to him on phone. Now, for first time, they decided to meet face-to-face. I was very apprehensive of meeting a guy on death row. At that time, he'd been on death row already for about 16 years. That's a long time to be cooped up in a walk-in closet. - But when I walked into room, it was almost like seeing - some old friend. He was so happy to see me. I believe it was on Father's Day he showed up here, and I thought we had a good conversation. You know? We ate a hamburger, had a soda. We talked about the case and this and that. - I asked him about the three girls and he said, - "That never happened. "That was all a lie." Well, I don't know those girls, but I didn't believe him when he said that, because if one said it, maybe it's a lie. But all three, independently of each other, it was not likely they were all lying. But that didn't prove anything about murder. So I finally come to the big question. And the big question was this, "When you were questioned the night after the murder, you knew then that you had written down on a notepad that you'd gone to Jiffy Stop at the time of the murder. And you're being questioned by detectives and you had an alibi. Did you tell them about it?" He said, "No." I said, "Why not?" And he said, "You know, I don't know why I didn't tell them that." I didn't even think about it. You know, as far as being an alibi or... I never even thought about the notebook during trial. Never even dawned on me. The blood seeped from my head. I felt cold. Someone's questioning you and you have an alibi for where you were at the time of a murder somewhere, and you don't tell the authorities that alibi, that's for a reason. And the reason's got to be, that there is no alibi. I knew then um, this was a guilty man. I knew then. Marshall Frank called and said something like, "Whoops. You'll never guess what happened. And I had this sinking feeling, and he said, "I think he's guilty." And I said, "What?" I thought this seasoned homicide detective was reliable and trustworthy. I was wrong. And I crawled under a... Under the bottom of a molehill so I could hide from the rest of the world because I was a little bit embarrassed. I loved the "Herald". My entire career, I never had a retraction. I was always credible. - And to have my last story that I wrote - for the "Herald" - be a piece of dreck because Marshall Frank - was careless With my reputation, with his reputation... So I got burned on that one. What can I say, you know? It was a noble purpose. One day, Marshall Frank calls up, "He's guilty." - Next thing we know, there's a big article - in the "Miami Herald". And I was angry. I was very angry. I was angry at him. I was angry at the reporter. This is a man's life and you're printing this stuff. And it's dangerous, because now everybody reads the "Miami Herald". The courts are reading it. Everybody reads it. People always want to believe that, you know, somebody's innocent. But it's really dangerous, years after the fact, to get a new trial for somebody. You know, for some legal flaw. Like, maybe his lawyer didn't work hard enough or maybe some witness was unreliable. In fact, Gwen Gurley, who recanted her original testimony against Duckett, now claims she was coerced into recanting by an investigator working for the Duckett family. This man was at my house. If I was hanging up clothes, he was behind the clothesline. He was always around. He was... He never let my life at peace. - So I just told him what he wanted to hear - to leave me alone. What he told me happened, I said, "Okay, it happened.' And the only reason I even agreed to do this interview was just to let it... On record... To let it be known that the last time I saw Teresa McAbee, she was in James Duckett's police car. That's the last time I saw that little girl. - The next time I heard about her, - she was dead. Earlier in his investigation, - Marshall Frank was urged to meet with detectives - from Sheriff's Office In a neighboring county. Until now, Frank hadn't thought it was important to do so. Someone told me that James Duckett was being investigated by another agency. So I go to the Polk County Sheriff's Department and talk to the detectives. They allowed me to read the significant reports, and the more they talked to me, the more I began to think, "Oh, dear, he may have killed another child." Marshall Frank had become convinced that James Duckett was in fact guilty of murdering Teresa McAbee. And he soon learned that Duckett was the prime suspect in the murder of another girl named Jennifer Weldon. The evidence that I learned about the Jennifer Weldon murder was stronger than the evidence in the Teresa McAbee murder. While awaiting trial, Duckett had a job at a local phosphate pit, located near the same road where 14-year-old Jennifer Weldon was last seen. A young girl apparently had been walking home or hitchhiking or something and had disappeared and they found her a week or two later. They came up here and attempted to question me on that. This girl had been in a carnival that was on a road Duckett used to take. Jennifer Weldon, who was 14 then was last seen walking along State Road 98 in the evening time. The Lake County Sheriff's Department talked to the supervisors at the phosphorus plant. - They said Duckett showed up late the night that - Jennifer Weldon disappeared. And when he did show up at work, he was quite disheveled and seemed to be upset and he wasn't himself. Jennifer Weldon was carrying a lime-green bag with a stuffed animal inside, the night she disappeared. I got a call one day from Duckett's wife, out of the blue And she said, "Mr. Hurm, I think "Jimmy may have had something to do with that case." I said, "Why say that?" She said,"I remember him coming home "with a bag with a little stuffed animal," and she said "The reason I remember it is, I was mad at him "because we had two boys. "And I said, 'Why wouldn't you bring two toys? "Because you know they'll fight over it.'" And I get goosebumps thinking about this. Police never charged Duckett with the Weldon murder. But they have said they will pursue Duckett for the crime if he is ever let off death row for the McAbee murder, a possibility Beth Wells is counting on. - They're presently reviewing Jim's case, and I'm - 100% confident - that when they evaluate this evidence, they're gonna say, - "You know what? We got it wrong. We have to give this guy a new trial." - I mean, if you look, the hard evidence - was tire tracks That can't be identified to his car, a pubic hair, nothing that can even say that the pubic hair belonged to James Duckett. Gwen, her truthfulness is in doubt. We've been doing this a long time. Hopefully we won't be doing it much longer. You know, he'll be out and not needing an attorney. In the meantime, Duckett's appeals have left Teresa's mother in limbo. I just want justice for my daughter. That's what I want. And 26 years, I'm tired. I don't think I'll ever have closure 'cause he's not going to admit it. These years, looking back, I should have drove Teresa home, walked her up to the door, should have handed her over to her. Absolutely. And that was my fault. I didn't kill your daughter, though. Yeah, I didn't. Eleven-year-old was killed. That's tragic. Murder should never have happened. But you don't have a smoking gun. You don't have what a lot of people demand in a case. From a legal point of view, he really should never have been convicted. It's a good thing that he was, because there'd probably be other dead kids out there. You know, I'm not a "fry them all, fry them sooner" you know, that sort of thing. I feel the weight of the State deciding to take someone's life. But if the death penalty is appropriate for any case, it's appropriate for this case. Because of what he did to Teresa McAbee. God forbid if he got off death row and was a serial sex killer, - how many more victims would there be before - they caught Duckett again? Grant a new trial. I'm not asking to walk out the door. - Grant me a new trial. Let's put everything - on the table And do it right and see what happens. Ready? - All right. Thank you. Y'all take care. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 