Death Row Stories: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Death Row Stories 
 s1e6 - Kris Maharaj: Murder in Miami - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Death Row Stories (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Kris Maharaj: Murder in Miami - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 On this episode of Death Row Stories, a millionaire is accused of brutal murders in a downtown Miami hotel. The crime scene was a bloody, bloody mess. But after a death sentence, one man fights to save his life. - You go into Federal Court and say, "My guy's innocent", - and they say, - "Well, too bad, mate, that's got nothing - to do with it." And what he discovers will turn the case upside down. Anybody in the world would say, "What? That's not allowed." 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 There were a series of questions that should've been asked. This case has more evidence that was covered up than any other case I have ever seen in decades. There's a body in the water. He was butchered and murdered. Many people proclaim their innocence. - In this case, there were a number of things - that stank. This man is remorseless. He needs to pay for it with his life. The electric chair flashed in front of my eyes. Get a conviction at all costs, let the truth fall where it may. A double homicide was discovered at the Dupont Plaza Hotel in downtown Miami. This was a very sensational crime. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 How many times do you have a double homicide in a downtown Miami hotel? The crime scene was a bloody, bloody mess. The father was shot six times while he was crawling, trying to escape. The son was shot, "execution style." So, this was a pretty shocking case. The dead men were Derrick Moo Young, a father of four, and his youngest son, Duane, who had just been accepted to law school. A few hours after the shootings, a journalist named Neville Butler contacted police saying he'd seen his boss, 47-year-old Kris Maharaj, pull the trigger. Our big break was when we received a telephone call that there was an individual by the name of Neville Butler that wanted to speak to us. Butler described the crimes in painstaking detail to Buhrmaster. Kris opened the door and came out with a gun in hand, with a glove on. And that's when I almost passed out. When I asked Kris, "What on earth is this?" He says, "keep out of this." That's when he fired the first shot, at his leg. Moo Young dashed at him and that's when Kris must have let go four or five bullets. - The television that was there, the lamp and everything - had all been shot up. - The screen of the television had been destroyed - from the bullet. He turned his attention now to the son, he said, "Come with me." And he took him up the stairs and told him, "Kneel down, face the wall." And then, the next thing I heard was "boom". He shot the boy in the back of his head. Kris Maharaj was a wealthy importer from England who'd started a newspaper business in Miami. He was quickly charged with two counts of first-degree murder The maximum sentence? The death penalty. It didn't look too good for Kris. The lead detective, John Buhrmaster, said that he had denied ever being in room 1215 - while his fingerprints were all over the place - so that was a lie. Kris denied ever having a gun, he clearly did have a 9 mm pistol. - The ballistics expert came in and said that's the type of gun - that was used for this murder. He had invested in property and Derrick Moo Young was supervising that property. According to Kris, Derrick had stolen $441,000, had just embezzled it. So, Kris had had a motive, he clearly hated the Moo Youngs, and finally, the icing on the cake was their star witness, Neville Butler. Kris' case went to trial. In court, the defense presented no alibi witnesses, and Kris never took the stand. Ron Petrillo was the defense investigator on the case. I knew when I heard all of this going on, coming out of the jury room, what the final outcome was going to be. The jury returned guilty verdicts in less than four hours. And then when it went to the penalty phase, judge gave him the death sentence. During his ruling, the judge declared that, "The coldness and calculated manner in which the defendant executed his heinous plan cannot be overstated." Kris would officially begin his time on death row. I said, "God knows I'm innocent. "They will not kill me, they cannot." Kris was from England, a country that had abolished the death penalty for murder in 1965. With one of their citizens on death row, the British government asked Clive Stafford Smith to investigate Kris' case. Clive was a young, idealistic lawyer who'd made a name for himself fighting death penalty cases on a pro bono basis. By the time I got there in '94, he'd been sentenced to death, - he'd gone up to the Florida Supreme Court - on appeal, To the U.S. Supreme Court, and come back down, and so my first thought was, "Oh, my goodness, how did I let myself in for this?" Despite his reluctance, Clive agreed to meet with the man he presumed was guilty. - I never talk to people, when I first meet them, - about "Did you do it?" They don't know you, they don't trust you. Though, Kris was one of those quite rare people who insisted on giving me an A to Z lecture about the fact that he didn't do it. And, you know, I found that quite convincing, although, I will say the evidence against him was pretty strong at the time. As a former cop, Ron Petrillo also had doubts about Kris' innocence when he joined the case. Initially, I thought Kris just killed these guys. But I'm looking to see where the evidence takes me and it didn't add up. The deeper I got into the investigation, it began to dawn on me that Kris was innocent. Ron was very, very loyal to Kris and he carried on after the case was over, even though he wasn't being paid or anything. Ron and Clive noticed discrepancies in the prosecution's story of the murders, and set out to look for answers. I demanded to see the files of the prosecutor and of the police. - I start going through it, and I'm sitting there with some - extraordinarily bad coffee, In the police headquarters going through this very carefully, tabbed file. I discovered that Neville Butler, the star witness, failed his polygraph test. - I discovered notes that showed that the Police knew that - Kris had lost his gun Before the murders ever took place. This case has more evidence that was covered up than any other case I've ever seen in decades. Just a year before Kris Maharaj was put on death row for the murders of Derrick and Duane Moo Young in Florida, he'd been living a life of luxury in England. Kris had come to England when he was quite young, worked incredibly hard, and become a millionaire. In England, Kris married and had four kids while working his way up from a truck driver to a business magnate. He was a very flamboyant millionaire here in London. He had got his Rolls-Royce, and then, he began to get into horse-racing. Kris amassed the second biggest stable of race horses in England Only the Queen owned more. Having emigrated from Trinidad, Kris also mingled with members of parliament, gaining entrance into an upper crust, lily-white society, rarely available to immigrants of color. Kris first met the men he'd been accused of killing. When he began importing their fruit from Jamaica. After years of doing business together, Derrick Moo Young asked Kris to invest in houses he was building in Florida. But according to Kris, the Moo Youngs took his money, and embezzled it. They also incorporated as KDM Distributors, a name eerily similar to Kris' company and allegedly started drawing money from Kris' accounts. According to Kris, Derrick had stolen property worth $441,000. So you could see why Kris would be very angry. He wanted to put an end to this. Kris was used to settling disputes with words, not weapons. He sued the Moo Youngs and told Clive he expected to win. But if Kris then had little reason to walk into the Dupont hotel with a loaded weapon, why was there so much evidence pointing to him as a suspect? According to Kris, he went to the Dupont at 9:30 a.m. on the morning of the murders to meet a potential business partner for the newspaper he'd started in Miami. - Neville Butler, the man who would claim to see Kris - commit the murders, Set up the meeting. But the man Kris was supposed to meet was not there. The two men waited for nearly an hour. At 10:30, Kris drove 25 miles to Fort Lauderdale and attended meetings during the hours when the murders took place and he could prove it. Kris had alibi witnesses including an employee at his newspaper named Tino Geddes. Tino Geddes swore to me that he had been with Kris, gone on lunch, stayed by Kris. The manager at a restaurant Kris frequented, also clearly remembered seeing Kris at lunch. I know I saw Kris the day of the murders because there was a person who was sick, and I needed to come in and fill in for that person. It doesn't seem like there's any way possible that he could've killed people at 12 o'clock and then been in for lunch sometime between 12:00 and 2:00. Five other witnesses would come forward placing Kris with them on the day of the murders. I haven't any doubt at all that I saw him that day. So that was 12:00, 12:30, within that time. Yet Neville told Miami PD homicide detective, John Buhrmaster a convincing account of seeing Maharaj commit the murders in cold blood. Someone had to be lying. Butler was a home run for police. Not only could he identify Maharaj, he would go on to lead Detective Buhrmaster to where he and Kris planned to meet for dinner. Kris would be taken for interrogation and stark differences would emerge about what was said during that conversation. John Buhrmaster said that Kris denied ever being in room 1215 while his fingerprints were all over the place. Kris' fingerprints would only be significant if he denied being in the room to police. Buhrmaster also said that Kris denied ever having a gun. He clearly did have a 9 mm pistol. But if Buhrmaster thought Kris was trying to hide something, he never took a sworn statement during the interrogation to document that fact. And a lie detector test Kris took later that evening would support Kris' version of events. They had one of the top polygraph examiners in Florida do these tests. Kris passed. That was plain and simple. Despite passing the lie detector and having numerous alibi witnesses, Kris was booked and held without bail. It would be a year before he'd get his day in court. On the eve of trial, Kris and his investigator, Ron Petrillo felt good about their chances. Kris had seven or eight alibis. I had located people and gotten sworn statements that put him squarely in Broward County some 25 miles away during the time that these murders occurred. But with his trial approaching, Kris got word that one of his key alibis, Tino Geddes, was about to change his story. Everything that Tino had said, that he was with Kris, that Kris was in Broward County when murders took place, it was all a lie, according to Tino. Geddes was now going to testify for the prosecution. And no one, including Kris, was prepared for the accusations Geddes was about to make. Kris Maharaj was facing the death penalty for the murders of Derrick and Duane Moo Young when shortly before trial, Tino Geddes, one of Kris' key alibi witnesses had a dramatic change of heart. Tino Geddes worked for Kris at a newspaper that Kris owned. From day one, he swore to me that he had been with Kris. Now, Tino has changed his story, on the day that the murders were committed, he wasn't with Kris, Kris wanted the Moo Youngs dead. Tino was now claiming Kris' actions in the murders had been premeditated. John Rattlesnakes was a prosecutor on Kris' case. Mr. Geddes told us that he, in fact, had been with Krishna Maharaj - on several other occasions when he'd tried to - kill the victims And members of their family. And that, in fact, that Krishna Maharaj soul motive in life - at that point in time was the death of - Derrick Moo Young. Tino'd said that Kris had done a dry run at the Dupont Plaza Hotel with him where he had prepared to murder the Moo Youngs And Kris was going to burst through from room 404 to room 406 to do it. I went to the Dupont Plaza Hotel, - there's no door between 404 and 406, there are all sorts of - reasons why Tino was lying. The question was why. Why do you think Geddes changed his story? Tino Geddes had a DUI trial coming up, and he was also being charged for smuggling guns and ammunition. He was smuggling a whole bunch of guns into Jamaica at a time when there were very, very harsh sentencing. My experience is the vast majority of people, when they face life in prison, - are willing to say what the prosecution wants them to - say about pretty much anything, And probably about their grandmother. In Tino Geddes' misfortune, the prosecution sensed an opportunity and flew to Jamaica to help their new witness. Paul Ridge and John Kastrenakes went to testify on his behalf and got him off. With, I think, just a fine instead of doing jail time. And I thought, "Well, okay, they're doing their job." Until I found out they and Tino went to a strip club. - A lot of people would say, "Well, what they do - on their own time "is their own business." But they are there on my dime as a taxpayer testifying on behalf of this man and they go to a strip club with him? Yeah, I'd say that they got a little too close. Kris' trial began on October 5, 1987. Almost exactly one year after the murders occurred. It was presided over by Judge Howard Gross, known to friends as "Mousey" because of his small frame and large ears. Kris' attorney was Eric Hendon who'd helped other accused killers avoid the death penalty. During opening arguments, the prosecution contended that the Moo Youngs were innocent businessmen gunned down by Kris, the cold-blooded killer. Eric Hendon told the jury they would hear fictional stories from the prosecution worthy of a Hollywood drama. But on the third day of trial, the proceedings came to a sudden halt. - What happened on day three of the trial, - if you can believe it, Is that Howie the Mouse, doesn't show up because he's been arrested taking kickbacks in another case. And he'd been caught by law enforcement agents posing as drug dealers of all people. Mousey's removal was a golden opportunity for Kris' lawyer, Eric Hendon to call for a mistrial. With the new trial, Hendon would know the prosecution's arguments ahead of time. Without a new trial, the judge replacing Mousey could face deciding a death sentence without hearing all the evidence. "My advice to you is not to ask for a mistrial." And he said they would go on with the trial because he felt he had made some headway and they had a good jury. Why would he do this? Probably, the main motivation was that he was on a set fee and you're going to have to start over and that cuts into your fee. Hendon would maintain he'd worked hard on behalf of his client, but letting the trial continue seemed like an unusual choice and the jury would go on to hear six days of testimony, all directed against Kris. - Neville Butler testified about the graphic details - of the murders He said he'd watched Kris commit. Tino Geddes told prosecutors Kris had asked him to fabricate an alibi. And Detective John Buhrmaster said Kris had tried to cover up the crime during his interrogation. - When the case was finally turned over - to the defense, Hendon's judgment would, Again, come into question. Eric said to me that if he didn't call any witnesses, he would have two shots at the jury in closing argument. I said to him, "But you're not going to do that." I've got all these witnesses. "You're not going to do that.", he didn't answer me. Eric Hendon's defense case for Kris would consist of only nine words. Eric stood up and said, "Your honor, the defense rests." Eric didn't call a single witness. Nothing. I thought Kris was going to rip the skin off my forearm. It's not often in a capital case you get - six alibi witnesses putting your client - somewhere else. Why on earth did the lawyer not put those on? I have never wanted to hit another human being, physically attack another human being like I did that day with Eric Hendon. The jury responded to Hendon's strategy by returning guilty verdicts for two first-degree murders. They would also vote whether to recommend the death penalty. And with Florida being the only remaining state where a simple majority is needed in sentencing, the vote in favor of death passed by a count of 7 to 5. The judge who'd replaced Mousey agreed. Kris would be sentenced to die in the electric chair. Kris fainted, Kris hit the floor, passed, passed out completely. When Clive finally got the chance to appeal Kris' case in 1995, he immediately set out to present all the alibi witnesses who were never called at trial. Yeah, I talked to the alibi witnesses, they were very convincing. And they said, "It's true, Kris was not at the Dupont Plaza hotel "at 12:00 noon that day because he was with us "out in Ft. Lauderdale." But Kris' alibis fell on deaf ears as the courts would only consider whether Kris had received a fair trial in 1987. - It's actually very hard to win a case on just saying - the facts are wrong. Mostly, it's all about what people disparagingly called legal technicalities. But Clive did have an opening. If he could show Kris' attorney, Eric Hendon, had been ineffective in representing Kris, he would open the door to a new trial and new witnesses. Ben Kuehne also worked on Kris' appeals and would cross-examine Hendon. Eric Hendon was over his head at that time. He needed help in a case of this magnitude. And Kris just suffered the consequences as a result of his lawyer's errors. But Hendon needed to admit under oath that he'd made mistakes. - And when Ben asked him why he didn't present - Kris' alibis, Hendon told the court, "It appeared to me as if these were alibi witnesses who had been sought out, it seemed all too convenient." In other words, Hendon didn't believe any of Kris' alibis. How is one lawyer going to be the judge of the credibility of a witness who could be the key to a not guilty verdict? That's not a decision for a lawyer to make. Not with the stakes this high. Hendon said he had a strategic reason for not putting on the alibi. He thought the alibi was too good. Now, once a lawyer says that, then it takes it out of the realm of the lawyer's ineptitude - and then becomes a strategic decision - by the lawyer That the courts won't second guess. Ultimately, the court disagreed with Clive and Ben, refusing to find that Eric Hendon had been ineffective. Clive was still convinced Kris was innocent and while preparing further appeals, he came across the prosecution's files and discovered evidence he felt police and prosecutors apparently did not want Kris to have. - I start going through it, and I discovered - that the police knew - that Kris had lost his gun before the murders - ever took place, I discovered that Kris had actually told them from the very beginning he had been in room 1215, so all those fingerprints, there was a perfectly innocent explanation. Clive had also seen photographs from the crime scene of a briefcase belonging to the Moo Youngs. The contents were something Ron Petrillo had requested to see before Kris' trial. I went into the detective bureau, Buhrmaster was too busy to see me, and he sent the young girl out, and I opened the briefcase and it's empty. And I said to her, "Where are the contents?" and she said that Detective Buhrmaster told her to tell me that he didn't find anything of any evidentiary value and returned the contents to the family. Buhrmaster had said they had gotten rid of the Moo Youngs' briefcase. That wasn't true. - Here, in the file were hundreds of pages of notes - of the Moo Youngs. There's all sorts of intriguing stuff, it's like Christmas, really. Far from being the, sort of, innocent people making $24,000 a year that they were portrayed at trial, the Moo Youngs, they were offering loans around the Caribbean to the tune of first $100 million, then $250 million. This is just extraordinary stuff. - They didn't have a pot to piss in or a windo - to throw it out. Where were they coming up with $100 million? Shortly before their deaths, Derrick and Duane Moo Young also took out over a million dollars worth of life insurance. The company that issued those policies found the timing suspicious and hired an attorney to investigate. Theoretically, the Moo Youngs were engaged in import-export business. But the Moo Youngs' headquarters which consisted of a garage at the family home only had left an old telex machine, and no documents whatsoever. The more we learned about it, it seemed that they were either selling fictitious goods entirely or they were laundering the money. But if the Moo Youngs were involved in money laundering, whose money were they laundering? Those kinds of dollars and narcotics often go hand in hand in Miami, particularly in the 1980s, I think that's fair to say. This was Miami in the '80s. Do you know, I didn't really get that. I didn't really understand Miami in the '80s. Say hello to my little friend! Federal agents have seized 25,000 pounds of cocaine. In the early 1980s the Moo Youngs were operating in a city where drug smuggling was bringing in an estimated 7 to 12 billion dollars a year. The banks in Miami had more money than all the other banks in the country put together. People were walking in and buying Mercedes and Porsches for cash. Miami could be described as the overseas corporate headquarters for money laundering for the Colombians. With so much drug money at stake cartel violence ballooned into what would become known as the cocaine wars. And law enforcement was quickly overwhelmed. We had bank robberies, kidnapping, extortion. One of the guys shot me through the fingers, in the back of the arm. - He was standing between my legs, I went to kick him - and he shot me in the groin. I figured he was going to kill me. These drug dealers were the most violent, desperate criminals that we ever had in South Florida. They'd see a pretty girl in a car, - and they would rape and kill the girl - and keep the car. In 1980, Miami's homicide rate doubled turning the city of sun and beaches into the murder capital of the nation. There have been so many murders throughout greater Miami lately - that a special refrigerated truck is now being used - to store all the bodies. It turned out that it was a refrigerated truck - that they had rented from Burger King to hold - the overflow of bodies. Clive was beginning to see the frame around the picture of the murders. - And he now wondered whether the Moo Youngs - had found themselves Caught in crosshairs of Miami's cartel violence. - Clive felt the road map to Miami in the '80s - could be found In the Moo Youngs' briefcase. We'd figured out that the Moo Youngs were laundering money for the cartels. They got greedy, and they'd come up with this great plan that they're going to skim one percent of the money. So, if you're ripping off the Colombian drug cartels, that's a slightly stronger motive for you getting killed than what was going on with Kris. It totally re-framed the case. Now, we have a huge alternative suspect. A suspect that happened to be staying in the room directly across the hall from the murders. Clive Stafford Smith had uncovered evidence suggesting that before the Moo Youngs were murdered they may have been stealing money from a Colombian drug cartel and a photo Ron Portillo had seen from the crime scene would buttress Clive's theory. When you look at the crime scene photos, there were blood drops in the hall and there was blood smear on the door frame of 1214. It begs the question, "Who was in 1214?" Did you ultimately find out who it was? Oh, yeah, I wound up bribing an employee, and found out it was a guy named Mejia. Jaime Vallejo Mejia told police he was an importer-exporter from Colombia. - But the truth was Mejia would soon be busted by the Drug - Enforcement Administration For money laundering. Detective Buhrmaster said, "I chatted with him for a few minutes, "standing in the hallway, and he didn't seem to know anything." This is the only other guy who's there, the only other room occupied on the twelfth floor. We discover that Mejia was wanted at the time of Kris' trial for conspiracy to take $14 million in cash in a suitcase to Switzerland. Former DEA agent, Dave Lorino had his own opinion about Mejia. - Jaime Mejia was involved in the money laundering - business. Not only was he working for Escobar at the time, but there was some money being done for the Ochoa organization as well. Jaime told the police that he ran an import-export company and worked for U.S. insurance companies. - That doesn't make any sense. People who sell insurance don't - run an import-export business. - And why was the blood on his door if everything - that happened Happened across the hall? It doesn't add up. - There were a series of questions that should've been asked of him - that weren't asked. Officers took a brief statement from Jaime Mejia and let him go. Would the jury at Kris' trial have found an alternate explanation for the murders if they had seen evidence about the Moo Youngs and Jaime Mejia? - While preparing Kris' appeals, Clive pieced together his own - theory of the scheme That played out that day. - And what happened was this in my mind, - the Moo Youngs Were laundering money for the cartels, they started skimming money off the top, they then got in trouble. They were set up so that they would meet in the Dupont Plaza Hotel and Kris was meant to be there, too. All three of them were meant to die. It was then going to be left as a murder-suicide where you've got the two guys you dislike killed and you've got someone else fingered for it. Clearly, Neville Butler was there. Somehow, Jaime Vallejo Mejia must have been supervising it. - But the courts weren't the least bit - interested In Clive's theoretical suspects or the evidence he'd uncovered. Innocence wasn't the issue. One of the bizarre things that I think most Americans have no idea about is that whether you are innocent or not is not a legal issue. - You go into a federal court on a habeas petition and say, - "My guy's innocent." - They say, "Too bad, mate, that's got nothing - to do with it." And the judge actually said that in Kris' case. - But Clive did manage to introduce a document - into the proceedings That the courts could not ignore. A document showing Kris' death sentence had been written by someone other than Kris' judge. I had seen a certain amount of judicial corruption, - and I find in the prosecution files, orders sentencing - Kris to death That were dated 13 days before the sentencing hearing. They were written by the prosecutor, because it said JSK and that's obviously John Kastranakes. In allowing prosecutor John Kastrenakes to write Kris' death sentence, the Judge who replaced Mousey had apparently decided to impose the death penalty before hearing Kris' character witnesses at the sentencing phase of trial. The judge asks the prosecutor, "Would you prepare a proposed sentencing order imposing the death penalty? "before the sentencing had been completed?" Anybody in the world would say, "What? That's not allowed." The evidence was enough to vacate Kris' death sentence. He would no longer be scheduled to die in the electric chair. But Kris was far from a free man. Clive and Ben would now argue for a more lenient sentence for Kris in front of a judge and jury who could once again sentence Kris to death. This was not a trial about innocence or guilt, only the proper punishment and Kris' wife would look on. At the hearing, the state brought back Kris' familiar detractors, Detective John Buhrmaster and Neville Butler who reconfirmed their original testimony. What did you observe about him? That he had a gun in one hand, and a pillow in the other hand. - The jury was not allowed to hear any of the new - evidence Clive had discovered. But they did the listen to 24 character witnesses in support of Kris, including Peter Bottomley, Kris' friend from the British parliament who testified via satellite. I like him, and I respect him. I find him the kind of person who I'm pleased to be associated with. Finally, after seven days of emotional testimony, - the jury would hand down a new sentencing recommendation - for Kris. The jury advises and recommends to the court that it impose a sentence of life imprisonment without the possibility of parole for the first 25 years. The judge imposed a life sentence. That saved Kris' life. That, just meant he wasn't on death row any more. He's still going to die in prison. Kris' appeals had gone through the Florida courts and the federal level without so much as a hearing about his innocence. So the question remained, "Why was there so much evidence that Kris did not commit murders?" As it turned out, one man had an answer to that question, a cop, who said he was there the day of the murders and knew all about them because he helped cover them up. Investigations will continue in what is shaping up to be the biggest police corruption scandal in Miami's history. While Miami police were battling a crime wave in the early 1980s, a new enemy suddenly emerged. Corruption within the ranks. Particularly, in the early '80s, Miami police rushed out and made a lot of hirings without bothering to look too deeply at the peoples' backgrounds. Already, 11 officers have been arrested or relieved of duty this year. They put in additional background investigators. And some of those people were tied into the drug dealers. The latest allegations go beyond cocaine and cops to charges now of first-degree murder. We can just say that we are trying to clean our own house. Everybody that you thought you could trust, you couldn't trust any more in Miami. As it turned out, one police officer jailed for corruption would hear about Kris' case and tell Clive he knew what happened because he was there. I had started courting, that's probably the only word for it a witness who was within the police who could tell the truth. And this officer told me that the police back in the 1980s had a deal with the drug dealers where they would - protect the murderers who were going around killing people - in these drug cases. - They would frame someone else for the crime - if anyone got onto it. This officer told me, "Yeah, yeah, Kris was framed. "It was my former partner who did it, "and he told me he'd done it." It took Clive a full year to convince the former cop, who asked to be called Fred, to go on the record, and in a sworn statement, Fred declared, "I was formerly a police officer in Miami. - I was persuaded by another prisoner to tell what I know - about Kris Maharaj To his lawyer, Clive Stafford Smith. I do not expect to benefit from doing this. I know the particulars of the Maharaj case. Indeed, I visited the scene of the crime when it happened. I know that Mr. Maharaj was framed because officers investigating the double murder told me flat out they were going to do this. I have a moral duty to help free a man who had been framed and imprisoned for 26 years and spent many of those years on death row. He could have be executed or something he did not do." While Fred may believe the cops in Kris' case were on the take, he has never identified the individuals involved. No evidence has ever been presented in court to substantiate his claim. But, recently, some of Clive's suspicions about who killed the Moo Youngs - were confirmed when he sent someone to Colombia - to speak with the man Who had been in the room across the hall from the murders. Jaime Vallejo Mejia was flanked by four men with guns when he confirmed the Moo Youngs had run afoul of Pablo Escobar's drug smuggling operation in the 1980s, and that he had said the Moo Youngs had to be dealt with. I visit Kris every week. I don't tell people about Kris' case. I don't discuss Kris' case because if I tell them, they will think I'm crazy. He's not losing his hopes, and, you know, that's good. She is a blessing sent by God. You cannot have a better husband. Even now, that he's in prison there's nothing he really can do for me. But he has a lot of hope. In 2008, Clive and Ben Kuehne submitted a clemency appeal to the governor of Florida - documenting the actions of police and prosecutors - in the case And presenting the new evidence they had found. - And there was a very strong case for clemency, I mean, Kris had - been in prison for over 20 years Which is a long time to serve for anything. I bet. The victims' family showed up en masse. - And it was Charlie Crist who was the governor - at the time, And he instantly denied clemency. By now, Kris is 70 years old. He's in bad health, his poor wife Marita has stuck by him. I've been representing Kris now for 18 years. And I've failed to get him justice. The most culpable character in Kris' scenario is the justice system. Because it's just not interested in justice. As we develop more and more evidence to prove that, a, he's innocent and, b, had an unfair trial, 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 