Death Row Stories: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Death Row Stories 
 s1e7 - Double Jeopardy - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Death Row Stories (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Double Jeopardy - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 On this episode of " Death Row Stories"... A triple murder of unimaginable brutality. This is the one case that truly screamed out for the death penalty. - An accused soldier who can't even convince - his own lawyer... I thought Tim was guilty as all get out. Until the Prosecution's case falls apart. - The state's primary witness said, "I feel like I'm sending - an innocent man to prison." And a shocking twist makes legal history. Take a deep seat. I got something to tell. There's a body in the water 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 He was butchered and murdered! Many people proclaimed their innocence. In this case, there are a number of things that stink. This man is remorseless He needs to pay for it with his life. The electric chair flashed in front of my eyes. Get a conviction at all costs. Let the truth fall where it may. Mother's Day, 1985. It was a beautiful day in Fayetteville, North Carolina. The dogwoods are blooming. Little rolling hills. - Neighbors know each other. Of course, they're all - military families. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It's within a mile of the Fort Bragg base itself. But on Summerhill Road something seemed amiss at the home of the Eastburn family. A neighbor noticed that the newspapers in Kate Eastburn's driveway were piling up. And he knew that her husband was out of town. So, that naturally raised his curiosity. He went and peeked in the window and heard the baby crying. And then he called the authorities. I received a call from um, dispatch. It was a homicide on, um, Summerhill Road. When I got there, there was one deputy who had been in the building. His eyes had teared up. He was kind of holding his hat down, shaking his head. And he said, "I, I, I just... I don't understand this." The baby was taken to safety, and Detective Bittle and his partner entered the house. As we went down the hallway, on the bedroom on the left-hand side, the first daughter was in there and she was in the first grade. She was still in bed, - and she had her "Star Wars" blanket - pulled up around her neck. And she was stabbed ten times. You could see the stab wounds through the blanket. We went further to the master bedroom. The youngest child was laying there. She was on her back. Her throat had been cut. Almost decapitated. And on the right-hand side, facing the bed, was the mother. The bra was up around her neck. Her panties had been cut off of her. She had 14 stab wounds. The victims were Katie Eastburn, age 32, Kara, age 5, and Erin, age 3. For so long after that homicide, - I, I could close my eyes at night and I could see - those children. Katie Eastburn's husband, Gary, was an Air Force Captain. He rushed back from training in Alabama. It's hard to explain. You just, you just stop. The world stops. When you look in his eyes, there was a void there. Tears your heart out. But you have to gather yourself because you have a job to do. We're going to find out who did this. There was evidence all over that house. They found a head hair in Ms. Eastburn's bed. They found a head hair on Kara's chest. They found a pubic hair at the scene of the rape. They found fingerprints all over the house They had bloody footprints. They had a semen sample. They were certain that physical evidence would lead them to whoever killed this family. After walking through the house, Gary Eastburn also provided a tantalizing lead. They were going to move to England when Captain Eastburn got done with training in Alabama. The family had decided to sell their dog. So they put an ad out in their local Fort Bragg Bee. And Katie Eastburn wrote a letter to her husband saying a nice man came out Tuesday night and got the dog. We had no idea who it was, - but anybody who went in and out of that house, - we wanted to talk to. Outside the crime scene, someone approached investigators with critical information from the night of the murders. There was a young black male, named Patrick Cone. He had been coming from his girlfriend's house Thursday night about 2:00 a.m. in the morning. He saw a big white dude walking down the driveway. He had blond hair. About 6'2 ", 6'3". And he had on a "Members Only" black jacket, a stocking cap and he had a mustache. When they passed on the road, - this person said, "I'm getting an early - start this morning". He got into a white Chevette, and drove off. I took Pat down to the SBI lab. And they did a composite. And I said, "You sure he looked like this?" I said,"This guy's got he's got a black man's nose, and he's got this droopy, lazy eye." And he said, "That's what I saw." Six days after the murders, - police put out a call for the man who adopted - the Eastburn's dog. Army Sergeant, Timothy Hennis, home for lunch with his wife, daughter and new dog, heard it on the news. Tim Hennis' wife, Angela, said, "Hey, buddy, that's you." So they immediately... packed up and went to the Sheriff's Department. As I walk into the office, Hennis is sitting there. I stopped... right in my tracks. And I look at him, and I look at that composite, and I said, "Oh, my goodness, this is our man right here." They go find Patrick Cone. And they put together a photo lineup. He eventually settled on number two... which, he bet, Tim Hennis. Said, "Are you sure?" He said, "I'm sure." - He also, in the parking lot, picked Tim Hennis' - white Chevette out, And said, "That's the car I saw." Hennis is still in the Sheriff's department. He was being cooperative. They wanted samples of his hair, his blood, his saliva, which he gave. About midway through, he realized he was becoming a suspect and he was getting madder and madder, and madder. - He is the most arrogant human being I've ever - seen in my life. He just felt like, "You can't touch me." Well, yes, we will touch you. We reached out and touched him. At 1:00 a.m., Sheriffs arrested Timothy Hennis. They charged him with rape and capital murder. He would face the death penalty. The arrest of a sergeant from the nation's largest Army base sent shock waves through the tight-knit community around fort Bragg. Fayetteville bills itself as the most patriotic city in the country. If someone is murdered out of the blue, that just... That stirs the blood in Fayetteville. Any idea who would do this? Well, she was getting some strange phone calls that she... Julie! Don't be giving no ideas who did something! I ain't giving no ideas about... Would you... Just look... They get outraged. Justice must be done. To defend their son, Tim Hennis' parents hired two young lawyers, Gerry Beaver and Billy Richardson. I thought Tim was guilty as all get out. And so... I didn't particularly care for Tim. But the law school I went to stressed the importance of taking unpopular cases. In the days immediately afterwards, the news got worse for Tim Hennis. He had no alibi. Angela Hennis was out of town all weekend. On Saturday morning, he dragged a barrel out in the middle of the backyard and started burning stuff. Something his neighbors had never seen him do before. I don't know what it was, but it was something he burned. Lady who owns a cleaners - called us and she said, "That man that - you all have arrested Brought that black "Members Only" jacket into my cleaners on Friday. Doesn't it look suspicious to you? Katie Eastburn's stolen bankcard - had been used twice, on Friday night - and Saturday morning, $150 each time. They found that Tim Hennis was late on his rent for the tune of about $300, which he paid on Monday. We really thought he was guilty. - And there was a lot of physical evidence - that was being tested. And if some physical evidence came back to Tim, he was dead. And so we wanted to come in ahead of time and get him to plead before that came out. But to Richardson's surprise, Hennis refused to consider a plea deal. - Tim said something that haunted me. He looked - at us and he said, "They can test whatever they want. I was not in that house. I did not do it." And it's just that simple. And when the lab reports with blood type, footprints, and fingerprints came back, they corroborated Hennis' account. - The physical evidence had not matched Tim Hennis. - None of it had. Inconclusive or negative, inconclusive or negative. There wasn't a shred of physical evidence that was linking Tim to the crime. Billy's viewpoint then became, - he must get this man exonerated - 'cause I believe him. Someone other than my client Committed this crime. From that point on, I was totally convinced he was innocent. But even without physical evidence linking him to the crime, Tim Hennis was about to go on trial for his life. Before he adopted the Eastburn's dog in May of 1985, Sergeant Tim Hennis had a steady job in the military and a growing daughter he was devoted to. Then Hennis was arrested for the brutal murder of Katie Eastburn and her two little girls, aged five and three. Hennis' lawyer had come to believe in his innocence. I was totally convinced, watching him interact with Angela. 'Cause they do have a beautiful marriage. And watching him with his daughter. Tim is extremely good with children. I remember with my children, how good he was. Of the fingerprints, blood, and semen found at the crime scene, None of it linked to Hennis. Down here, we didn't have the-the-the equipment and the facilities that they have up north. We had no DNA down here when this crime occurred. I would have liked to have had a fingerprint. He left his shoe or dropped something that we can tie him to it. - But I thought we had enough to justify the case - and the trial. The trial began on May 27, 1986. Everybody wanted in in that courtroom. The bailiffs, a couple of times, had to break up fistfights. The prosecutors called it "The Show." They wanted to emphasize how gruesome the murder was. So they built a screen that took up the whole wall. And they took slides of Kara and Erin Eastburn, five and three-year-old girls, on an autopsy table. Splayed out, with no clothes... Tim is sitting there going, "What do I do?" If he acts like it's not bothering him, he looks like he's a cold-blooded killer. And if he gets emotionally upset, he looks like he's expressing guilt. What can he do? This went on for two days. Slide after slide after slide. It felt like I was in a slam-dunk competition with Michael Jordan. Prosecutor William VanStory told the Jury that Hennis' motive had been sex. Tim Hennis' wife was out of town, had a new baby. So he decided to make a pass at - the married mother of three from whom he had - gotten the dog. And that didn't go well. Hennis thinks he's a player. So Ms. Eastburn said, "No. You read this wrong. I'm just a friendly person." And then, with that temper of his, he lost it. Billy Richardson emphasized the lack of physical evidence to the Jury. But prosecutors argued the absence of blood on Hennis' "Members Only" jacket was evidence of his guilt. They kept saying there was no blood because he took his jacket to the dry cleaners. The jacket was a damning piece of evidence. Richardson also undercut eyewitness Pat Cone, who ID'd Hennis leaving the Eastburn home. Richardson videotaped Pat Cone during a tour of the crime scene. - When you start listening to his story, - he's all over the place. You bought her some roses on a Sunday? No, no, no. That wasn't roses. That was some candy. No it wasn't, that was roses. We started asking, "Are you sure about this?" - He goes, "Now that I'm looking at it, you're right, I couldn't - have seen what I said I saw." Well, no, no, no, I can't say that. But on the witness stand, Cone cast aside any doubts. Cone said, "These lawyers have been tricking me. - They've been pressuring me. I know I've picked out - the right guy." Finally, prosecutors presented a surprise witness, A woman who said that two days after the murder, she'd seen the killer using Katie Eastburn's stolen bank card. All of a sudden, the State introduced Lucille Cook. A little old lady who used a card on Saturday morning after the killer did. She had told us she couldn't remember. She said, "I didn't tell the truth the first time. There was a big, tall white man, mustache, blond-headed guy, and he got into that little old, tiny, white car." "That's the man that used the card right before I did." - And she's pointing at Tim Hennis and the jury's sitting there - looking at her. - After she testified, I went into the bathroom - and just threw up. The jury deliberated for three days. It was a 4:45 p.m. on Friday afternoon when the Jury knocked. He was guilty on three counts. He would get the death penalty, times three. Tim Hennis could hear his father sobbing in the courtroom. He'd never heard that before. When that jury said he's guilty, you still had faith that he was telling the truth? Always. Never once... REPORTER: Not a doubt in your mind? No, never. At that time, I felt like I did work for God. We got our man. And it just felt good. This is the one case that truly screamed out for the death penalty. Tim Hennis had spent his entire career serving the military. Now he was serving time on death row. But not long after his arrival, Hennis received a mysterious letter. It said, "Mr. Hennis, I did the crime, you're doing the time. Mr. X." The letter provided no concrete leads, only adding to Hennis' torment. He got visits from his family, and his daughter is now two and a half years old. And she would bang her hands on the plexiglass and say "Open it, Daddy, open it. Why won't it open?" Billy Richardson felt responsible for his client's predicament. We did not do as good a job as we were capable of doing. I made up my mind right then and there I was going to become the lawyer I'm supposed to be. And I got off my butt and went to work. Richardson and his partner quickly filed an appeal to the North Carolina Supreme Court. They had to decide what to emphasize, from mishandling evidence to possible perjury. They quickly settled on the photographs. That presentation was thought to have riled up the jury. It was pointed at him over and over. See this picture He did it. Our state Supreme Court didn't just read the appeal briefs, they got a slide projector and saw the show for themselves. And within 22 days, they said, "Let's give him another trial." It just broke all of our hearts, 'cause we had to call Gary and say, "You got to go through this one more time." Billy Richardson re-investigated every aspect of the case. We were so much better prepared for the second trial. When started digging, we found how many things we didn't know at the first trial. Richardson began with Hennis' alibi for the night after the murder. When someone used Katie Eastburn's bank card. Tim Hennis had 24-hour duty at Fort Bragg with his unit. He couldn't leave. - The people in his division remembered him gluing - shingles on a doll house For his infant daughter. - But Army paperwork that would've confirmed - Hennis' whereabouts Had gone missing before the first trial. In the Army, paperwork's everything. They have paperwork for paperwork. We looked for that thing and looked for it and there was a checkout sheet for every day, but that day. And so the prosecutor had a field day. But before he second trial, Richardson discovered why the paperwork had gone missing. - The reason they couldn't find it is 'cause - the prosecutors had it. They didn't make a copy of it and leave it, they just took it. And so this piece of evidence that probably would have exonerated him in 1986, was kept in the prosecutor's custody all that time. Richardson had also uncovered information that would undermine eyewitness, Pat Cone. Pat Cone had helped him out in between trials. He was arrested using a stolen bankcard. On another occasion, Patrick Cone was drinking and disruptive and the State dropped the case. He was known to tell people that the State couldn't touch him 'cause he was a prime witness. Pat is not a strong-willed person. Nice guy, don't misunderstand me, but he got in a little bit of trouble there, but they were just minor things. Still, Richardson wasn't sure he could convince the jury that Cone had lied about seeing Hennis... until a new piece of evidence was found... literally lying on the sidewalk. As defense attorney, Billy Richardson, prepared for the re-trial of Tim Hennis, new evidence turned upon a Fayetteville sidewalk. The deputy who picked up the wallet, noted that it had a letter in it. And we kept hearing that the letter said Tim didn't do it. You keep hearing rumors like that. Billy goes to the sheriff's department, and has to pretend he's investigating another case 'cause if he let on he was investigating this case, it would've set off bells and whistles. And sure enough, the lost wallet belonged to a fellow named Sean Buckner. Sean Buckner was a close friend of Pat Cone, the prosecutor's star witness. The letter in Buckner's lost wallet called Cone's testimony into question. That letter talks about Pat's doubts. Pat Cone had told Sean Buckner and his fiance about his doubts. To the point where they wrote each other a letter about it. Richardson flew to Louisiana, where Buckner was in training for the Air Force. But when he got there, Buckner closed the door in his face. He didn't want to get involved. Sean Buckner had a dilemma of whether to betray his friends - and help free someone who may be wrongly accused of - triple murder. And that was a tough one. Sean Buckner had no reason to help Tim Hennis. Richardson came home empty-handed, hoping Buckner would eventually change his mind. The re-trial of Timothy Hennis began on February 27, 1989. Almost four years after the brutal murders of Gary Eastburn's wife and daughters. The State went into it thinking it'd be a replay of trial one Meanwhile, the Defense had an entirely different case. This time, Hennis would testify. We'd just really drill him and film him and let him watch it. Did you kill these three people? No, I did not kill these people. I have a daughter of my own and I could not hurt any children at all. Did you do this crime? No, I did not. We felt if Tim showed rage or emotion, - the jury would say, "Well, look, there, you see, - he can get to that point." - Extremely upset and angry. On cross examination, the prosecutor confronted Hennis with the alleged motive for the murder. The Prosecutor says, "You lost your cool, and went in there, tried to have sex with her, and when she refused, you snapped and killed her." They were trying to provoke Tim Hennis on the stand. And he had to calmly say, "No, I didn't. No, I did not." He said, "I never had sex with that woman. That never happened." And when it was over, they hadn't gotten the reaction they wanted to... To see him in a different light than the first jury had seen him. It made a huge difference. At the first trial, the absence of blood on Hennis' jacket had helped convict him, as the state's expert insisted dry cleaning had removed any blood stains. But Richardson saw it differently. When I talked to the dry cleaner, he said, "You have to use a special chemical to remove blood." And I said, "Well, did you use it in this case?" He says, "No. I just used ordinary dry cleaning." And when the prosecution challenged the dry cleaner's knowledge, Richardson was ready with his own expert. This chemist got a "Members Only" jacket, put some blood on it and took the jacket to a dry cleaner, and ran a Luminol test on the jacket. And it glowed just as bright as can be. "There's the blood. Still there." Hennis' "Members-only" jacket on the other hand, had no signs of blood. - Richardson had turned the Prosecution's evidence - against them. Richardson was also prepared for Lucille Cook, who swore she saw Hennis at an ATM two days after the murder. Lucille Cook had made dozens and dozens and dozens of ATM transactions around the time of this one. - So they asked her could she remember - any of those. And of course she could not. - Bank logs also showed a three and half - minute gap Between the victim's card being used and Lucille Cook's transaction. Well, that doesn't seem like a lot of time until you sit there and time it. We had the jury sit there to see how long it was. It was the longest three and a half minutes. Why would the killer wait three and a half minutes till someone sees him? One of the jurors said they got in the jury room and laughed at her. Now it was time for Richardson to go after the state's star witness, Pat Cone. After some soul-searching, Sean Buckner agreed to testify against his old friend. He testified that Pat Cone was extremely drunk that night. In addition to that, he had doubts about what he saw. Patrick had told Sean Buckner, "I feel like I'm sending an innocent man to prison." But Richardson knew he had to answer one last question. - In the back of their mind, the jury's still saying, - "Well, the kid saw something. If it wasn't your client, who was it?" So Richardson called his next witness. The back doors burst open and everyone in the courtroom turned and looked around. The Prosecutor says, "Who is that?" That was as close to a Perry Mason moment as I've ever had. And the lead detective goes, "We're in trouble." Defense attorney Billy Richardson had always wondered, if wasn't Tim Hennis, who did eyewitness Pat Cone see near the Eastburn's home on the night of the murders. Billy was going door to door, interviewing every neighbor. - And a couple that said, "Why don't you talk to that kid - who walks the street?" She goes, "I see that fellow all the time. He walks the neighborhood all the time." They didn't know who he was. And so Billy did a vigil. It became this quest for this mythical figure of "The Walker". You cannot win your case sitting in your office. So I sat out there for six weeks. Richardson even hoped he might find the real perpetrator. But he came up empty-handed. Then, before the second trial, Richardson hired an investigator to renew the search. And finally, they found their mystery man. No murderer, but a high school senior who worked at the local supermarket. A kid by the name of John Raupach lived down the street from the Eastburn's. He was an uneasy sleeper, and he had a habit of walking the neighborhood on Summer Hill Road at 3:00 a.m. in the morning. He was a big blond kid with a blond mustache. It just fit. It just fit like a glove. During the retrial, Richardson kept his discovery from the Prosecution, timing the mystery walker's entrance for maximum impact. The back doors burst open. "Defense calls John Raupach." And at 3:30 a.m. in the morning, you couldn't help but think, "Now, could that have been who Patrick Cone saw on the road?" Here's another tall white guy, blond, walking down the street Oh, it was effective. - It was just one of those magical moments - in the courtroom. The Walker gave that jury a reason to have reasonable doubt. They gave them a reason to say, "It wasn't Tim." When the walker took the stand, Richardson asked what he wore on his nightly walks down Summer Hill road. He often wore a beanie hat, and he had a, uh, "Members Only" jacket. A black "Members Only" jacket. After the walker's testimony, the defense moved to have the case thrown out. Defense accused the Prosecution of just outright cheating. Because it turned out the Prosecutors knew exactly who John Raupach was. The state had found the guy and had basically hid him from us. As the jury began deliberating, Richardson told the judge what he'd discovered about the Prosecution's conduct. A deputy sheriff went to John Raupach and brought him in. And they had him bring his jacket and his hat. And they took it from him and put it in the trunk of one of the detectives' cars. And they returned it to John Raupach after Tim Hennis was on death row. That's exactly the kind of evidence in a close case that could've tilted this the other way in the first trial. We just got plain mad at that point. - You get slapped enough, you say, "All right, - I've had enough of this." - It just got more incredible to sit in that courtroom - and watch this thing unfold. And I went from thinking, "He's guilty", to "I'm not sure a jury's going to be able to find him guilty," to, "He didn't do it and they have to let him go." And then the jury knocked. After deliberating less than three hours, the jury announced its verdict. Not guilty on all counts. I just broke down and started crying, because I knew what they'd been through. Next to marrying my wife, next to the birth of my children, that was probably the happiest day in my life. The jurors came out and they hugged Tim Hennis. They were adamant that they needed to re-investigate this case and quit picking on this guy. Somebody said, "Why are they bothering this poor man? Hasn't he suffered enough?" Talking about Hennis! "Why are they bothering this poor man? Has he not suffered enough?" A man that killed two children and a woman! How much did Gary suffer? The rest of his life. Whether you like it or not, Tim is our client and if he dies, we live with it. In the years that followed, the Hennis case became a textbook example of wrongful prosecution. Scott Whisnant's book about the case was even adapted into a TV movie. With this case people noticed that not everybody sitting in prison is guilty. North Carolina now has a commission that actually has released a number of innocent people. Despite all the attention to Hennis' acquittal, the Eastburn murders would go unsolved for another 16 years. Until 2005, when Scott Whisnant spoke about the case at a criminology seminar. - Fayetteville detective Larry Trotter was - in the audience. - The premise was that here were all these other - unknowns that were out there, People that potentially maybe not have been interviewed, other forms of evidence. If he's innocent, then who's guilty? - The State of North Carolina didn't pursue this - for 17 years. Why isn't somebody trying to find who's guilty? Somebody was stalking that woman... For weeks, Ms. Eastburn was writing her husband, saying, "There is a fool out there following me. I don't like it. What do I do about it?" Why isn't that being looked at? Who does it lead to? After Whisnant discussed the evidence, Detective Trotter approached him privately. He said, "I just want you to know that the way they investigated this case 20 years ago, we're not like that anymore." And I said, "Somebody should re-investigate this case. I think it can be solved now. Technology's improved." And that's how we left it. In fact, Trotter had been assigned by the Sheriff's office to review cold cases. We had well over 100 unsolved cases at that time. As I went through the docket, I realized that they had a vaginal swab that was taken from Ms. Eastburn during the autopsy. It had never been sent off for testing. When the murder happened, DNA was in its infancy, so the obvious thing to do was to send it off for testing. For over two decades, Gary Eastburn had lived without closure for the devastating murder of his wife and two daughters. We'd done a great injustice to this man. How he stood up or withstood, I just don't know. You just wanted to do something for him. You want to make sure that you get this solved. In May, 2006, The state crime lab contacted the Sheriff's Department. They'd found a positive match for the DNA. Detective Bittle called Gary Eastburn to tell him the news. I said, "You sitting down?" He said, "Yeah. What's going... Why?" I said, "Take a deep seat. I got something to tell you" After Tim Hennis was freed from death row in 1989, he didn't know where to turn. You feel very diminished. Very worn out, dragged out. Don't have the self-confidence or reliability that you had. His lawyers told him, "Get out of the Army." It's just a bad place to be." But he'd been on death row. There weren't a lot of employers who would take that on. The Army had to take him back. So he stayed in. After readjusting to Army life, Tim Hennis built a successful 25-year career in the military. Tim Hennis served in Somalia, he served in Desert Storm... honorably. Tim's supervising colonel told me he was without a doubt the best NCO he ever worked with. He retired in 2004. He was good at being a husband and father. He and Angela had a son - that they never would've had, had he not gotten his life - back together. But Tim Hennis had no idea Eastburn murder case was about to break wide open. In 2006, a 21-year-old rape kit yielded new DNA results. Detective Robert Bittle - called the victims' husband and father, Gary Eastburn, - to give the news. I said, "They got a hit on that DNA." He said, "Who is it?" I said, "Hennis." You could have knocked me over with a feather when I got that call. - Just hit with this wave of emotion, I was just like, - "God, I don't believe it." I was so happy. I mean... I was walking on Cloud 9. Defense lawyer, Billy Richardson was driving through Mississippi when he heard the news. I said, "Stop the car." And... it was just like somebody had taken a two by four and hit me upside the head with it. I was convinced that if anybody could ever run an actual DNA on that sample, they would find someone other than Tim Hennis. I believed that in every fiber of my being. But the shocking DNA results led to a pragmatic question. What the heck do you do now? Timothy Hennis had been adjudicated not guilty. - Therefore the State of North Carolina wasn't going - to try him again. We fought a revolutionary war because the king of England could try somebody over and over for the same offense. And our founders put it in the Constitution that there will be no double jeopardy in this country. Well, I understand that, but I think there might be certain cases like this... You've got this DNA now that says he was the man who raped this woman and killed her. I think you should be able to. I think somehow, the judicial system is going to have to workaround that. And it was the DA's office who decided to see if the Army is - interested in bringing him back off retirement and - trying him for the murders. A team of lawyers from the ranks helped evaluate the case for the army. My personal opinion about why this is important to the military is that military sent Gary Eastburn for duty in Alabama. And his family was left behind. And they were murdered. I'm sure there was a debate within the military. It's high-profile, it's controversial, but you had an enlisted person killing an officer's wife. How do you let that go? Two years after he retired, Timothy Hennis was recalled to act of duty. As soon as he returned to Fort Bragg, Hennis was charged with three counts of murder. Tim Hennis is the only person in United States history, who's been tried for his life three times, after guilty and not guilty verdicts. I can't comment as to why it has not happened before, however, the legal analysis of it, actually was pretty simple. It is honestly a well settled law, nothing a state does affects what the federal government can do. - They can claim it's under a different jurisdiction - all they want, This was the state of North Carolina using the army to get to do what they wanted to do. Plain and simple. Billy Richardson now on the sidelines, the court martial of Timothy Hennis commenced on March 17, 2010. The Prosecutor's case hinged on the DNA results. The sperm found in the vagina of Ms. Kathryn Eastburn - is the person who raped and slaughtered her - and her children. And that's Timothy Hennis'. But when a scandal erupted at the state lab, the DNA evidence against Timothy Hennis would be thrown into question. They were mixing up DNA samples and almost put an innocent guy in prison. In 2010, Timothy Hennis went on trial for a third time for the murders of Katie Eastburn and her daughters. But a scandal rocked the state lab that identified Hennis' DNA. The lab had been skewing results to help Prosecutors. The woman who handled the sample back in the 80s got in trouble for mixing up... some DNA samples in another case, And almost put an innocent guy in prison. They didn't do a good job of preserving the evidence. Three people have been arrested for evidence tampering. Hennis' Lawyers asked for postponement to investigate the lab. The judge refused. Meanwhile, military prosecutors found a second smear from the rape kit. They sent it to a new lab, and the results also pointed to Hennis. The medical examiner's slide came back on every marker... to the defendant. Tested by Army USACIL, the crime lab. You had two chains of custody. The defense could not attack the slide. For Prosecutors, the DNA results swept away all previous doubts. They went back and replayed the first two trials, some of the old discredited inferences. Patrick Cone seeing Timothy Hennis coming down that driveway. The fact that Master Sergeant Hennis took a "Member's Only" jacket to the dry cleaners. Using the ATM card. You had numerous pieces of evidence that tied him to this crime. For Hennis' defenders the Prosecution's case had serious flaws. - And their top priority was getting their own evidence - in front of the jury. There's a ton of physical evidence in that house that they still can't explain. They found a head hair in Ms. Eastburn's bed... that's not Tim Hennis'. There's a pubic hair right where the rape took place. What is male DNA doing under Mrs. Eastburn's fingernails that's not Tim's? There is male DNA under the daughter's fingernail and it's not Tim's. The prosecution and defense agreed on that. Nothing else came back to Timothy Hennis Underneath the fingernails? That's not Timothy Hennis'. But what is that vaginal swab? To me, the male DNA evidence under a fingernail of a woman who is raped... is pretty damaging evidence. Who is it? The fingernail scrapings weren't enough for a full DNA profile. So the defense asked to test - all the crime-scene evidence that might point to - a different perpetrator, Including a blood-soaked towel. Now whoever had sex with her didn't necessarily kill her. But you can't argue that whoever cleaned up the blood, did have something to with it. Let's find out what happened. In the military, if you need a test done, you have to ask the judge to make the army do it for you. The judge, though, denied the defense's request to test other items. I can't imagine a judge in a civilian court not allowing that. You had the evidence. Why not test it? Without DNA results pointing to a different suspect, Hennis' lawyers decided to offer an alternate explanation for the incriminating sperm. At the very end, they threw out there the theory that Tim Hennis had consensual sex with Mrs. Eastburn... within a day or so of the homicides. Well, when he said that, you could feel the love leaving that room I mean, everybody went, "I don't believe he said that." I mean, there's certain things you can do in front of a jury, and there's certain things you can't. It would not have been how I would have done it. The 14-person court-martial jury declared unanimously... that Timothy Hennis was guilty of murdering Katie Eastburn and her children. Their next task would be to decide whether Hennis deserved the Death Penalty. When you got a man that, for 25 years after this occurred, did nothing, but raise his family, serve in two wars, honorably discharged, and still married to the same woman, - why are you just going to look and say, - "That's the monster"? He leads the prayers at church. He gives cookies to kids. It doesn't make any difference. We're not there to say, "How could he do it?" We're not there to say, "why did he do it?" We're there to say, "he did it. The Prosecution ended their presentation with another slide show show. Gary Eastburn counted out... the birthdays he's missed... with his daughters, anniversaries, baptism... One of my trial partners asked Gary, "What do you miss the most?" - And he, just from his heart, with tears in his eyes, - just said, "I just miss them." On April 15, 2010, the jury sentenced Timothy Hennis to death. Do I feel vindicated for some things you heard when they got a "not guilty"? When the smiles and smirks you see from certain people? You're damn right I do. Yes, sir, I do. I feel vindicated. Tim Hennis now, sits in solitary confinement at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. His appeals, both in the military and Federal Courts could take decades. I still think Tim's innocent. But I'm not his lawyer now. - And it would be totally improper for me - to sit down and say, "All right, Tim, did you or didn't you?" I'm dying to have that conversation with him. But how can you put a man to death based solely on one piece of evidence? Our country was formed on the premise that one person wrongly convicted is a grave injustice. I don't know what the outcome of this is going to be. But this is a good case. I knew we were right. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 