Adam Ruins Everything: Season 3, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Adam Ruins Everything 
 s3e6 - Adam Ruins a Night Out - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Adam Ruins Everything (2015–…): Season 3, Episode 6 - Adam Ruins a Night Out - full transcript 
 Adam and Emily prepare for a big night out by revealing the marketing ploy that convinced women to shave and the fashion agendas that created pockets. They then probe the truth about alcohol consumption. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Okay, 205. Hey, by the way, no pressure if you want to bail at any point tonight. I know that we had other plans. Emily, it's totally fine. We can hang out and ruin stuff any night. But it's not every day that your old college roommate comes to town, come on! Yeah. It'll be nice to catch up, I guess. It's not that I don't want to see her. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I just... I don't really know if we have anything in common anymore, you know? Becks has always been a lot more... fun than me. Oh, yeah, people say that about me all the time, so. Like, when she goes out, she goes out hard. Although, now that we're in our thirties, I'm sure she's probably... Emilicious! Becksalicious! Is this your friend you were talking about? Hi, Becks! I like how loud you are. Ha-ha! Thank you! He's adorable. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Okay, you guys, I'm still getting ready, so come on in. I just need to shave really quick. I had to skip this morning, and I feel like such a troll person. Huh! A hundred years ago, people never shaved that much. It's a pretty fascinating history. Oh, yeah, the history of shaving is bonkers. Okay. So, what is it? Wait, you... want to hear about it? Sure, just talk to me in the bathroom while I'm finishing up. Emily, you wanna do the honors? Yeah... Becks, I'm Emily Axford. That's Adam Conover. And this is "Adam and Emily Ruin Everything." Closed Captions Provided by truTV *ADM RUINS EVERYTHING* Season 03 Episode 06 Episode Title: "Adam Ruins A Night Out" Sorry, guys, I'll just be a few. I don't wanna scare any children with these sasquatch legs. Yep, people definitely get judgey about women's leg hair. But the fascinating thing about shaving is almost no one did it regularly at home until about a hundred years ago. What the ****, Emily? Is this some sort of Purge shit? Oh, no no no, don't worry. Me and Adam do this all the time. Before the safety razor was invented in the early 1900s, shaving with a straight razor was a dangerous chore. So, most men either went to a barber or didn't shave at all. No! I can't do it. I've got a family. But all that changed when a man named King Camp Gillette invented the first disposable razor blade. Here, my good man, buy one of my safe, disposable razors. Shaving your beard will be such a breeze, you'll do it every day. Huh! Barely cut myself at all. The razors were relatively cheap, but you'd have to keep re-buying new blades. Refills cost extra, and you'll need a new one every few weeks for the rest of your life. But wait, there's more. - There is? - Oh, yeah. Gillette's real scam wasn't getting people hooked on his replacement products, it was convincing women that they had to shave too, for the first time in history. And that story is... - Super-messed up? - Heck yeah, it is! Oh. Up until 1920, most women didn't shave at all. It was so unheard of that, when a teen girl cut her legs shaving, it made national news. But all that changed when old King Camp Gillette and the shaving industry started thinking about how to expand to the disposable razor business. Of course! Women! The other half of the population. But since most women don't have beards, the shaving industry had to convince women that they even had body hair that needed shaving. So they whipped up some manipulative advertising. First ads falsely claimed that, in Europe, being hairless was all the rage. Shaving your underarms is the height of sophistication in... uh, "Franland" and "Spaintugal." Then, they pushed the explicit message that women should be ashamed of their armpit hair. But why would women's magazines let advertisers say this junk to women? Because that was the whole point. Becks, this is Rebecca Herzig, the author of "Plucked: A History of Hair Removal." Becks, the reason that these magazines didn't have any scruples about shaming women into shaving in those days was because that was pretty much the whole point of the industry: getting women to buy things. Millions of women around the globe trusted these magazines for advice, especially as more and more young women were moving into cities and living their lives cut off from their families. And publishers exploited that trust, selling it off to advertisers so that they could try to convince women that if only they bought their products all their problems would be solved. And obviously making women think that there was something wrong with their arm pit hair was only the beginning. As fashion and culture evolved to let women show more skin, they were also expected to shave more skin. During the silk and nylon rations of World War II, going stocking free was considered patriotic. So long as you were also hair free. If I don't shave my legs, we'll lose the war. And when the bikini was born in 1946, so was the bikini line. The only thing worse than tan lines is a hair line. At least that's what all the boys are saying at Makeout Beach. And with the rise of porn in the '70s, women started getting pressured to go all the way bare... down there. Well, all right! You ladies ready for some inescapable cultural pressure to conform to what I think is sexy? Yeah, no! We're not gonna show that, so... And American culture hit peak hair removal in the year 2000 when an entire episode of "Sex and the City" was dedicated to... the Brazilian wax. I feel like one of those freakin' hairless dogs. It's an esthetic thing. Everyone goes bare out here. I'm such an Elizabeth. Not a character, Adam. The cultural pressure to shave is still very real. The average American woman spends almost $200 per year on hair removal. And here's the kicker... Women's shaving products cost more than men's even though the only thing that's different is the packaging. It's called the pink tax. Seriously? That's ridiculous. Yup. But what's even more ridiculous is that the marketing strategy of making women think they need to buy things to fix themself is still being used today! We see it in beauty products, diet foods and drinks, even office supplies. But the reason shaving, in particular, really pisses me off is that most people expect women to do it. Gillette and his cronies convinced everyone that it's the friggin' end of the world if a woman has any body hair. So, even though I think it's a complete waste of time, I still usually do it. Fascinating and depressing. Solid ruin, Em. - Thank you. - Yeah, I truly never thought twice about shaving before now, but it really is such pointless bullshit. But I already did this one so I might as well even it out. Go with my blessing. Oh, hey, Em. Are you bringing a purse tonight? I don't want to carry one in the club, but I need somewhere to put my stuff. They can't fit in your pockets? Oh, a lot of women's clothing doesn't even have pockets. And there's a crazy history behind that too. Oh, boy! Em, you ready to dance our frickin' butts off? Oh, yeah... Love how loud it is and all the strangers touching me. Emily, will you put my stuff in your purse? I don't want it to jingle jangle while I dance. Oh, I didn't bring one. I just stuffed everything in my bra. Adam, you have pockets, you can carry all of our stuff. Here are my keys, phone, wallet, bronzer. - Thank you. - What about your pockets? Oh, I don't have any. I guess it would mess with the line of the dress or whatever. Oh, no. Actually, the real reason women's clothing doesn't have practical pockets is because of centuries of sexism and classism, and... Sorry, Adam, please hold my stuff too. Eh?! When pockets first became popular in the 18th century, they were fraught with political symbolism. And only for men. As men's fashion trended away from tights and more towards something closer to pants, two styles emerged: for the wealthy man, tight fitting culottes without practical pockets because pockets would mean you weren't rich enough to pay people to carry your stuff. And for the average poor man, wide legged baggy trousers with deep pockets you could keep all your peasant stuff in. And as the spirit of equality swept Europe, so did the trend for baggier, pocketier pants. Fill your pockets with the songs of angry men... ..and you're keys. Pockets were in many ways a revolutionary idea, but not one deemed appropriate for women. You see, people thought it would make them too independent. It was considered unladylike to carry anything larger than a teeny tiny purse. M'lady, in this fight for liberty, I shall carry everything you need to function in society. Some women fought back in the late 1800s wearing extremely baggy pants with pockets as part of the rational dress movement. Stop! Pocket time! You can't touch this. As in my new found sense of independence. But men of the era couldn't wrap their narrow-minded brains around it, newspaper editorials at the time speculated that the pockets of the new woman were a weird fetish. Whatever floats your boats ladies, but I think having pockets makes you some kind of sex freak. And women have had to continue to fight for more practical clothing throughout history. In 1954, Christian Dior, one of fashion's most influential designers said, "Men have pockets to keep things in. Women, for decoration." Even today, when women's clothing has pockets, the cuts are typically too tight to be useful. One study compared women's and men's pants across 20 brands and found that women's pockets were half the size of men's. I mean, where would the pockets even go? That is so unfair. Yup. Not having practical clothing limits women's ability to function. I mean, why can't I look amazeballs and have a place to put my phone? Yeah, you know, men's pockets don't hold everything either. I got stuffed here. Well, there's an answer for that. A purse! Perfect! But, wait, I'm a guy, is this okay? It should be, but everyone acts like having a bag is a girl thing. Like in that "Friends" episode. It's got compartments for all your stuff: your wallet, your keys, you're address book. Your makeup. Yeah, stuff like this gets stuck in guys' heads and makes us too embarrassed to deviate from what's supposed to be "manly." I've lived in fear that Ross was gonna yell at me. But that's stupid. Ross sucks! Give ladies pockets! Let men have purses. I agree, but less obnoxiously. All right, time to go. Oh, what? Is this about my purse? No, man. It's about your personality. Let's go. Pshh! Who wants to spend all night in a crowded club anyways? I thought we did. But if you guys don't wanna dance, I guess we could grab a drink somewhere. I could really use one. Oh, I know a place that makes great Shirley Temples. Whatever you guys want, first round's on me. Actually, it'll probably have to just be one round. Yeah, I have MMA in the morning. Plus, alcohol is basically poison, but I can try and forget that for a night. Okay... This night is going great. Okay. Hm... do I want to go to Chez Fancy Pants, or Jimmy's Down Home Burger's and Ribs? Probably neither because they're both too dang loud! Have you ever noticed how freaking deafening restaurants are these days? You're not alone. Both Zagat and Consumer Reports surveys have found that excessive noise is the top complaint diners have before even service, crowds, or even screwing up your dang order by forgetting your tater tots. A study by the New York Times even found that some restaurants were louder than a G.D. subway tunnel. That's so loud that it can cause hearing damage. So, why are restaurants so dang loud? One guy we can blame is Chef Mario Francesco Batali. Yes, that Mario Batali. The same one who was accused of sexual assault and responded with a cinnamon roll recipe. Batali, first pumped loud music into the dining room at his restaurant Babbo in the late '90s. And over the next two decades this approach became a sonic standard. Modern restaurant design has made the issue even worse. The stark post industrial aesthetic of today leaves us with few of the sound dampeners restaurants used to rely on. Tablecloths, carpets, drapes, and velvet booths have been replaced by sonically reflective surfaces like polished metal, concrete, and glass. One study found that louder music increased and even sped up alcohol consumption. But save it for the club, not my chicken club. I mean, why did you think this was such a good idea?! Huh? Oh. Oops, sorry. My bad. I'm just gonna go eat take out at home. I am so sorry about this. We will have one drink and then we'll call it a night. Uh, I'm actually having a great time. Are you not having fun? Okay! Shirley Temple for Adam. And Emily, not to be cheesy or whatever, but in honor of our college years, I got us white wine spritzers. Remember when we used to have like ten of these in a night? Oh, man, I... definitely don't. Cheers! Adam, are you sure you don't want a real drink? Can't ruin wine. A glass a day is good for your heart or whatever. No, thanks. I'm good with my Shirley T. And actually, the alcohol industry just wants you to think that moderate drinking is healthy to distract you from the indisputable health risks. Oh, yeah. No, no, no. You guys are both wrong. I read you'll actually die sooner if you don't drink. There have been studies. Yeah, people love citing that stat. But the problem is... it's not true. The media is constantly telling us that non drinkers actually have higher mortality rates than moderate drinkers. Yeah, see, it's right on the graph. Well, the problem with studies that show this result is they're based on some very flawed data. It turns out that if you take a closer look at the cohort of non drinkers, many of them are less healthy for completely unrelated reasons. Some simply can't afford to drink or pay for health insurance. Others already suffer from medical conditions that prevent them from drinking. And some are former drinkers who've already suffered the negative health effects of alcohol abuse. If the studies had taken this skewing effect into account, the graph would have looked like this indicating that there are zero health advantages to being a moderate drinker. Seriously? No, but wait. Hold up. It gets wor... worse. Whoa, Emily, you're already plastered. Yeah, bitch! I barely drink anymore. Whoo! Becks, truth is... drinking is not only not good for you, it's actually like super bad for you healthy times. What about all the antioxidants in wine? Those fight cancer. Snopes! There is actually no conclusive evidence that antioxidants in wine do anything. That's true. But the real reason this myth is messed up, is that far from preventing cancer, there's actually considerable evidence that drinking alcohol risks causing it. Alcohol is a Group 1 known carcinogen. In fact, the World Health Organization attributes over half a million cancer deaths worldwide to alcohol consumption every year. Plus, alcohol is special extra kind of cancerous... for ladies! Whoo! Whoo! Why are you "whooing?" This is not a time to "whoo." Definitely not. Ooh, I am kind of obnoxious when I drink. Becks, look. Every cancer diagnosis is different, but studies show that booze is a factor in an estimated 15% of breast cancer cases annually. That's 6,000 deaths per year. Yes, thank you. Please cut me off. Now, to be clear, this doesn't mean that avoiding alcohol prevents cancer, or that if you've received a breast cancer diagnosis your choices are to blame. The truth is no type of cancer can be pegged to just one behavioral quality. But there's no denying that drinking comes with certain health risks. So isn't it weird that we never talk about it? I mean, we all know that smoking is bad for us, but 70% of Americans have no idea that alcohol can cause cancer too. I sure didn't. Why doesn't anyone talk about this? Because Big Booze has spent decades covering up the data with their own bad science. Just like Big Tobacco used to do for cigarettes. For instance, in 1994, the Distilled Spirits Council actually hired a scientist from tobacco powerhouse Philip Morris and paid for a study that disputed the link between alcohol and breast cancer. In fact m... Big Booze funds most studies on alcohol. And not just the ones that dispute harm. They also spend billions on research that "supposably" shows "health benefits." Beers are on me. And so are the studies that say they're good for you. Big Booze is so dedicated to controlling how we perceive drinking in the US they've lobbied against measures that might reduce problem drinking like warning labels and sales taxes. Pshh! Whoo! Nickel shots! And don't forget the massive amounts of money they spend pouring alcohol advertising down our throats. - Cheers! - And now Americans are drinking way more than we used to. The number of adults that binge drink at least once a week could be as high as 30 million. Okay, guys. I get that this is all very important, but... Oh, my God, you have to meet my friend. Becks, this is who I was telling you about. Doctor Timothy Naimi, an epidemiologist who's worked on alcohol task forces at the CDC and the National Institutes of Health. Becks, although alcohol is marketed to us like it's part of a healthy lifestyle, the idea that there's health benefits from moderate drinking is probably crap. Most people's "moderate drinking" actually exceeds the dietary guideline suggested limits of no more than one drink in a day for women, and no more than two drinks in a day for men. That's not to say that people shouldn't enjoy alcohol at all, but what we know is that if you drink, drinking less is better for your health. Well, now it feels like I don't have a choice. You're basically like, "Yeah, go on, keep drinking... if you're an idiot." No, Becks, we're not judging you. It's fun to do things that are bad for us every once in a while. We just shouldn't pretend that they're healthy. Just like how I write in the margins of books, even though I know it lowers their resale value. But it's just such a rush! Drinking has become so normalized as part of American culture. And we feel like, well, as long as I'm not a "alcoholic" I can pretty much drink whatever I want. The fact is, is that health professionals agree that risky drinking exists across a wide spectrum of consumption. Only 5% of Americans meet the medical definition for alcohol dependency, but it's important to know that about 30% of Americans drink in ways that clearly increase their risk for a variety of alcohol related consequences. And the "shtigma" of alcoholism makes people less willing to examine their own alcohol consumption and cut back, because they don't want to think they have a drinking problem. Okay, it sorta feels like you're saying I have a drinking problem. Oh, no, no, no. - So, all I'm saying is... - Actually, you know what it is? You don't have an issue with my drinking, you have an issue with me, okay. Doctor Naimi, really nice to meet you. So sorry you got dragged into this. Oh, no, Becks. Wait! Honestly, Emily, if you didn't want to come out tonight, why didn't you just say so? I don't know, I mean, we were best friends in college. I kinda had to. Had to?! Is that supposed to make me feel better? I mean, are we even friends anymore? Oh, actually, now that you mention it, according to this one study that I read... Oh, my God! Stop! I.. me out. I wouldn't say totally. Becks, we owe you an apology. You know, between you and me, Emily can kind of get carried away with the ruining. I learned it from watching you! Actually, you've always sort of been like this, okay? Except now with snapping and learning ghosts. But if I'm being totally honest, you've always made me feel like I'm too dumb for you. Well, if I'm being honest-honest, you've always made me feel like you're too cool for me. Becks, if you can handle one more ruin, I think the study Emily mentioned, might actually help both of you feel better. How? By making me realize that Emily is a big know-it-all and doesn't want to be friends with me? Exactly. Many studies have shown that up to half of friendships aren't reciprocal. So, maybe you were never friends to begin with. I think we were friends at some point, but we've definitely drifted apart. Well, that's totally natural too. According to an anthropological concept called Dunbar's Number, the human brain can only handle five close relationships. I guess I didn't want to admit it, but we're not friends. And we haven't been for awhile. I mean, I didn't even want to go to your wedding. Aw... I didn't even want to invite you. You know, this made me feel so much better. Em, see you never. Adam, we are definitely hanging out again. You cool as shit. Whoo! There we go. There we go. Yeah. Well, looks like we ruined everyone's night. Including our own. Yeah, I had a blast. By the way, you know, eating doesn't actually sober you up, right? Ah! Dang it. Come on. All right. You know what? You can't drive. I'm putting you on a bus. Mmm. My head feels terrible. And my stomach... And my... elbow? Ugh, I drank way too much last night. And what makes me feel even worse, is that there's no way to cure it because science doesn't really know why we get hangovers in the first place. You might think that your heinous headache and needling nausea are caused by something like electrolyte imbalance, but even if your gam-gam swears by Gatorade, recent research hasn't shown any correlation between hangover symptoms and electrolyte imbalance. So maybe it's low blood sugar. Except no! Sugar doesn't help cure a hangover, so we know it's not that. And you certainly can't fix your hangover with hair of the dog. That's a straight up myth. Truth is... we don't know how we get hungover, because we don't entirely understand how we get drunk in the first place. The most likely theory is that hangovers are an inflammatory response like what happens when we get an infection. You can try taking an anti-inflammatory pain killer like ibuprofen, but those can upset your stomach which is already pretty unhappy. The only surefire cure for a hangover is never drinking in the first place. But if you do wind up knee-deep in tequila sunrises... Oh, goddamnit, just the name. All you can do is drink a lotta water and try to sleep it off. Which is what I'm going to do. Right here. Can someone take my mic back? I don't want everyone to hear me snoring. Sync corrections by srjanapala Eh, who cares? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 