The Apprentice: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Apprentice 
 s1e3 - Respect - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Apprentice (2004–2017): Season 1, Episode 3 - Respect - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Trump] Previously on The Apprentice. Sixteen candidates arrived in New York to win a position as president of one of my companies. They were divided into two teams-- men versus women. Each week they are given a task... and judged by my executives, George and Carolyn. For every task, they must elect a project manager... who will be held partially responsible for the team's success or failure. The team that loses will face me in the boardroom. Where somebody has to get fired. Last week, their task was to create an advertising campaign. The women of Protégé met with their client, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 where Jason had different plans for the men of Versacorp. We don't have time to go and meet with them. I think it's a waste of time. How do you know what to market unless you talk to the client? [Trump] Tammy's advertising idea raised some eyebrows. This is the testicle ad. And Sam's work ethic created tension within Versacorp. If this was the real world, / would have fired Sam the minute he fell asleep. The men's advertising campaign lacked sizzle, but the women's risky idea paid off. I like that swinging for the fences. I like that excitement. - We're gonna go with the women. -[Women Cheering ] But the celebration was short-lived. Being a bitch is gonna be your problem. You have to live with that. - Shut up and stay out of my face. - You threatened me. It's over. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - What was that you said about black people? - Nothing. lam not talking to you. I am talking. If you don't like it, I dor't give a-- [ Beep ] [Trump] Versacorp went to the boardroom for the second time, where Jason, as the project manager, was held partially responsible for his team's loss. Jason's making a lot of mistakes. He's showing a high capacity for making mistakes. [Trump] Jason chose Nick and Sam and tried to make them responsible for the team's loss. - What happened? -1 gave you one small job. You fell asleep doing it. No, I did not sleep. We're looking for somebody that's going to be an apprentice in our organization. I cannot for the life of me visualize Sam in that type of position. [ Think he's gonna get some company in huge trouble, or he's gonna take some company to a level that they never knew about. But he is not the reason that this particular event failed. But you're focusing on the fact that I didn't meet with the president personally. - That's a big fact. - 1tis, Mr. Trump. Jason, this is a tough one. You're fired. [Trump] Fourteen are left. Who will be fired this week? & So you wanna be the next big thing ;* o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> . You wanna be a spotlight Ah, you wanna be o They'll put you on the front page Wanna see the bright lights ,» & Ah, you wanna see J That millionaire money, money o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> . You wanna have a jet plane Ah, you wanna have & Your face on the big screen You wanna have ;2 & A big yacht Oh, you wanna have > ♪ Your very own TV show J Wanna have a penthouse Ah, you wanna have & Your name on a building Wanna have a spotlight ,» AR, you're gonna have J That millionaire money, money o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o ING, 113, 113, 113, 137" [ Quiet Chattering ] [Freka] If Nick or Jason were the ones to go other than Sam, it's ridiculous. Could Sam really weasel his way out of this? That's the only thing I was thinking. [Woman] Hey, Nick! [ Woman, Indistinct ] It's Nick and-- [Woman] ls it Jason? [ Women Chattering ] - Is Jason gone? - Can you tell us who's gone? Wow. [Troy] Sammy's been in front of the boardroom twice. He's been in front of Trump twice. Well, Trump obviously knows more than what us boys do. Old D.T,, he's connecting with that guy. They're eye to eye right now. They just don't get it. They just don't-- Right now, I'm gonna sit at the front door, and I don't care if I'm sitting here for 72 hours. I'm not moving until someone... comes over here and greets me at the door. The most brilliant performance of the evening was obviously-- Where is Sam? [Troy] Where is Sam? Sammy! [Sam] When I come home to my parents' house, I'm greeted at the door. What's going on here? Either he's incredibly brilliant or he's half nuts. But he's still here, and he's hilarious. I love him. [Sam] If anybody thinks that this wild man thing is a strategy, they should come back and join me where [ live. And they will see that I haven't even begun to become a wild man. [Troy] We're looking at Sammy, and we're going, “The old boy never played ball with me.” [ could tell you that. He's never lined up on the line with me. But this ain't high school anymore, boys. We are playing this game wrong. We're building up his market share right now. Trump is liking him because everybody's against him. And Trump is looking at this and going, “Wait a sec. I'm gonna give this guy a shot.” The entertainment value of Sam is over. Sam's wearing on us now, and I think he's impeding our progress. If Sam truly is a genius, tomorrow Sam's the team leader-- Oh! [Bill] I proposed that Sam be our leader to the guys... because we're gonna have one of two things occur: Either he's gonna lead us to a victory, or it's gonna be a total failure, and then we don't have to put up with him anymore, because most likely he won't be around, It's time for Sam to put up or shut up. Since Jessie wants to have this meeting, why don't we let her run with it to start. [fessie ] 1 appreciate if nobody would, like, say anything. I just want to get this off my chest. [Katrina ] Jessie called a meeting because... there's a lot of tension going on between Freka and Omarosa. If the fighting continues, it definitely is going to lead to the group's demise. [Jessie ] I don't like to keep anything inside. I want to, like, just express my feelings. [Omarosa] Are you talking about the Ereka thing? I'm not gonna have that conversation. I don't want to have a conversation. 1 just want to say that that was very immature. I've never in my professional life seen women yell at each other... the way that this group have done in a professional environment. When we were in the airport, that pilot looked at me, and I could tell he was disgusted. I'm not saying whose fault it was. I'm not pointing fingers. Excuse me. If she wants to talk personally about it, we will. But if it's gonna turn into-- This is part of the long discussion. If you wanna discuss this, we can discuss it one-on-one. I don't want to be in a group, "cause I can go around and point out problems with everybody. All right. Well, then, okay. Then let's go on. But I don't want to be the punching bag for this group, which I'm already becoming. When you're done with this, I'll come back. [Katrina ] I'm really pissed off that you've never let me speak. And when I do, you speak over me. That really bothers me, Omarosa. Wait. Blame it all on me. We need to ignore conflict. Part of leadership is teamwork. [Amy] The one thing I don't like about working with women... ls that we have a tendency to hold grudges. And I think that the advantage the men have... is that they can yell, scream, get it over with and move on. [ Phone Ringing ] Hello. [ Woman ] Good morning. This is Mr. Trump's office. I have the instructions for your next task. [Amy] This morning, the phone rang at 6:00, and one of Mr. Trump's advisors told us that we needed to be ready to go... to Westchester Airport at 8:00 today. Thank you. 1 don't know that I really have a strategy with this task, other than continue focusing on teamwork and unity. One of our biggest concerns is mediating conflict. Wait. I'm telling you this because I care, and I really want-- But I can't tell that, Katrina, because we sleep in the same room... yet you couldn't say to me, “I had a problem with XYZ.” I felt like you were being fake. I think being fake is waiting until I'm in front of seven women, and then attacking me. No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm very nice to everybody. I get along with everybody here. That's where the faking comes in. You know why? Because I'm a good person. I am true to myself. This is where the personal attacks come in. I didn't come here to make friends. I said that from day one. And if you all stop being so freakin' sensitive-- I'm not sensitive, honey. You just told me, “I'm a good person.” I am a good person. But what does that have to do with this? You know what? Life's too short to be a bitch. Do you think you're gonna be successful in the business world.. If you make enemies with everybody that comes in front of you? Guess what? [ went from the projects to the White House. How successful was that? You don't sit with the president of the United States by not being successful. I've been successful again and again and again, and it works for me. - Omarosa, life's not-- - So stop being a bitch. I like being a good person. You're a good bitch. If that makes me a bad businesswoman, then let it-- [ Beeps ] be. You're a good businessperson. But I go to sleep living with myself, okay, Omarosa? Good. Good. And you know what? I'm gonna be successful. You are successful. You are successful. No, no, no. And you know what? Shut up! You shut up. Don't talk to me like that. I'm gonna be successful-- That's where this conversation ends. Omarosa, I'm gonna be successful upholding the highest of scruples. Don't touch me! If Donald Trump wants somebody that will manipulate... and backstab those around them to succeed, well, I think Omarosa's made it pretty clear that she will do anything to win this. [Omarosa] Of all the women, [ think Katrina is a bit naive. I feel bad for her because she really is looking to gain friends... as opposed to focusing on winning. You're successful, but why do you need affirmation from me? You know what? You create problems with everything. Guys! Stop! The one thing that 'm conflicted about with our next challenge... ls sometimes I just look and go, “What can we do to get rid of our problem?” And sometimes I think that it might be worth losing... to get rid of Omarosa and move on so we can make more progress. [Trump] Negotiation is a very, very delicate art. Sometimes you have to be tough. Sometimes you have to be as sweet as pie. You never know:. It depends on who you're dealing with. I've always said that negotiation ls not really learned, It's almost innate. It's in the genes. A negotiator is born. Okay. So today we're gonna be discussing, more than anything else, negotiation. Something that I'm very familiar with. I built an empire on negotiation. You see the little airplanes all over the place? People pay $40 million and $50 million for one plane, but out in the Nevada desert, hundreds of commercial airplanes sit unused, The airline business stinks. You can negotiate for one of those planes... that seats 350 people... for much less than $50 million. That's how I got my plane over here. Now, you're gonna have a pretty tough chore. Each team will be given a list of items to negotiate... for the lowest possible price. The winning team is the one that negotiates the most savings... off the total retail price of those items. As always, my advisors, Carolyn and George, will be dropping in on you throughout the day... to monitor your progress. Okay, it's 8:30 now. I'm off to Chicago. I'll see you guys back at the boardroom at 5:00. So you've got eight hours to complete this task. And don't be /ate. 1 hate people to be late. You come back and you do a bad job, and I'm not gonna be very happy. So good luck. [ Think the men may have an advantage over the women with this task. They've got Troy, and they've got Sam. They've got Bowie. They've got Nick. And all these guys do for a living is negotiate. Elect a project manager for your team. We have elected a project manager. I was elected project manager this week. You always know you can fail when you leave. We could lose, and Donald Trump may fire me from my own team. Okay, you ready for the items? One-ounce, 24-karat gold bar; one Callaway golf club-- Great Big Bertha Il driver; five pounds fresh squid) Zino platinum cigars; a single Polaroid One instant camera. When I saw the list, I said, “This is done.” I was convinced we could do that. Last one, guys. You ready? Full leg wax-- one team member, both legs. Oh, my God! [Troy] 7l do it. My game plan really was to treat this like a football game. That was kind of the big picture game plan. Who's gonna be on the field today? It's gonna be Bowie, it's gonna be Kwame, and it's gonna be Bill, And you're our cheerleader. The cheerleader, the kicker and the coach are gonna be one team. The defensive and offensive line, the running back and the quarterback are gonna be another team. Sammy's like Picasso. That guy is so far left field, but he paints this colorful, disturbing picture. You just gotta be able to interpret that picture. Hello? Girls? Quiet. Manager. Girls, we have the group divided into tasks just like this. Jessie's our project manager, so she decided that Ereka, myself, Heidi and Tammy would be on one team, and the other four girls were on the other team. We wanted to divide into groups-- groups that would work together and get along together... so there's no bickering or fighting, Just to get the job done. I like that we have a short task. Like, it's a lot of energy-- And it's done. and it's fast results. But we also have to be really, really strategic. [ Nick] Once we track the items down, then we'll negotiate. Do you know how to search on this thing? What, are you crazy? Yeah, I know how to search. Let me see something here. We were gonna have one team back in the office doing the investigative work... and kind of being the advance team, getting things ready to roll. And then we had the field team, which was myself, Bowie and Kwame. They were calling the plays, and we were gonna execute the plays that they were calling. [Omarosa] We are in Chinatown trying to negotiate the price for squid. If I can keep the ladies on time, then we'll be doing great. Would you sell us five pounds... of dirty, yucky, bloody calamari for $10? Hey, Kristi! Yes. Oh, wait. Would you show him your stomach and how hungry you are? What do we need? Just a few extra dollars. Show him your hungry tummy. She's so hungry. [ Man Laughing ] That's about it. That's cheap already. Is that? Are you sure? "Cause we only have nine bucks. [ Chuckles ] We only have nine dollars. No. [Kwame ] This is Canal Street. Do we want to stop and look? Let's find the duck. Kwame, myself and Bowie, we went to Chinatown. We were gonna get the duck. We were on our way to get the calamari, We knew we could get a cheap leg wax in Chinatown. That was gonna be one-stop shopping for us. Inasmall radius, we could cover a lot of ground. [Troy] Who's this that I'm calling? [Man] A.l Rare Coins. My name's Troy, and I'm looking to purchase a one-ounce, 24-karat gold bar. How do you suggest we get the cheapest price for a bullion bar? [Troy] How would you suggest to get the cheapest price? Okay. And never try to buy late in the day. That's what I needed to know. We need to get this purchased now. Thank you very much. Did I ask the right question? [Sam] Yes, you did. Guys? Guys? We gotta get this purchased within the next hour. [Troy] Let me tell you what's going on right now. We gotta go buy gold bullion before noon. [Bill] Where do we need to go to get duck and squid? Duck and squid? One is one block down. One block down? Hey, Bill. I know for a fact that we cannot buy that gold... ata good price after 11:30 today. Get the hell out of there. We're gonna get out of here and head to get the gold. [Kwame ] We got down to Chinatown. We started looking for the duck, wax and one other thing. And we were in the process of locating that, and that's when we got called away to go get the gold. Bill, it's Nick. Do you have a pen handy? You're gonna go to 75 West 47th Street. It's called All Rare Coins, and the number-- Oh-oh-oh-oh-ch. Just get him the address. - I'm gonna give him the phone number. -1 do not want you to give him the phone number. Please don't give him the phone number. [ Nick] The coach is telling me not to give you the phone number. I have no idea why. He is impossible. [Bowie ] They could quite possibly kill Sam. Bill, the reason you don't need the phone number is because there's no reason to call. I'm gonna get you the location. Just in case they get lost and the cab driver doesn't know, Sam. [Kwame ] We elected Sam to be the project manager... because we wanted him to put up or shut up. He had had all these grandiose visions of things, and we wanted to see if he could actually put them into action and get us a victory. Personally, I'd describe his leadership style as just downright unproductive. [Kwame ] Sam. I"m listening. Gold isn't negotiable. Basically it's based on the spot price... that's gonna be in the market at that time, but it fluctuates throughout the day. However, I don't think it was necessarily imperative for us to drop that for 15 minutes to get there. It's not gonna fluctuate that much. I don't want you to make any suggestions right now. Get the hell out of there. We dropped three or four items that we could have made some huge margin on... in Chinatown to head uptown to negotiate gold. [ Kwame ] We're going back to Midtown now. You need to ask him if we can buy 20 minutes. Is there any way we can get 20 minutes? Can you pull over? Their phone's busy. I wouldn't. I would just go. I think as soon as we left Chinatown, I felt like we were in trouble. [Troy] Right now it's 1:00. We need to have everything in by 5.00. We might be moving onto crunch time, and we need to hurry it up. This is what I want to know: In five minutes, will you have the gold bullion purchased? We can have the gold bullion purchased in five minutes, but we want to get the best price on it. If we're playing in a game, Bill, the quarter's up at some point. Okay, we will have-- When the quarter's up, you go into the locker room. Sam! Sam! I'm saying nothing's happening. Sam. We haven't scored, and we've wasted a lot of time. I really feel it's very important. Just breathe. I'm not even sure I care about the price of the gold anymore. Sometimes-- Sam! - Sam's crazy. - [ Kwame ] I'm not buying anything that Sammy's selling. But I just let Sammy do his thing, and I just keep moving. All right. Bye. 1/ know. I know. We're on the same page. We're on the same page. [Man] Wanted to see a gold bar? - Yeah. What was your price? - You're gonna pay $400. That's it. When the girls and I went in to see Michael who owned the jewelry store, he was very tough in the beginning, but 1 saw right through him. 1 like you, and I want this gold Swiss bar from you. So I would really like to go eat with my girlfriends. Yeah. So I would love 10 dollars back. Can'tdoit. Michael, please? Come on, Michael! I'm starving! Please, Michael! Michael, what's 10 dollars? Really, nothing. You have such a good heart. You want to say yes so bad. I almost want to say yes SO you guys can leave. [ All Shouting ] I need to buy this right here. - One ounce, 24-karat Swiss gold. - Mm-hmm. $400. How much money are you gonna make on this? Five dollars. Man to man, look me in the eyes and tell me you only make five dollars profit on this. Right. Can you look me straight in the eyes and tell me that? Straight in your eyes. That's amazing. - Come on, Michael. - Michael. Please, Michael. - Please, Michael. - Do you want us to dance? I'll dance. [Chanting ] Go Michael! Go Michael! Go Michael! I don't think you can call any of that negotiation. I think it was just coercion, so I was a little disappointed. - Okay. You can leave. I'll take it. -[Women Cheering ] Michael took a loss, but we made him feel good. And at the end of the day, we got it for the price that we wanted. [ Chattering ] Thank you very much. Thank you, Mark. I think Trump right now would say that we are an embarrassment. We don't even have half our items, and more than half the day's gone. He'd say we're all fired. [Sam] Can I tell you something? [ Nick ] What? All that needs to be done is you pass on the number to them. - Hey, Sam. - Yes? I hear you're in charge. I am in charge, Mr. Trump. I am the coach of this team. How are you doing today? Well, we're gonna see, because the men are taking a big beating. - Are you gonna turn it around? - We've already turned it around. I never knew you were so short. Huh? Come here. You want to shake my hand? Really? They're a little sweaty. Okay, give me your hand. How's he doing, fellas? All right? He's taking charge. He's taking charge. Do you think they maybe made you the team leader to get rid of you? - That is possible. - Well, you know how that doesn't happen? - If you win. Good luck. - Thank you. Have a good day. That was one of the biggest moments of my life-- shaking that man's hand. He is my mentor. He just shook my hand! My sweaty hand! Stay on track. He got you sidetracked, I need you to sit down for 30 seconds. Thirty seconds is what I need. When you open your eyes, we're gonna be focused and we're gonna be gamed, We're not gonna talk about anybody shaking anybody's hand. We're not gonna talk about nothing. Five, four, three, two, one. Three, two, one. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. There we go. [Sam] What [ want to tell you is, you guys asked me to call you back... with some coordinates for buying the golf clubs. 212-2222. Bill, my quarterback here, we're gonna take care of the full leg wax. You're talking too much. Let's go! Let's move! Well, hold on. Would you send someone out in the football field without his uniform on with Bowie? I don't think so. I know that my-- If there was 20 seconds left in the game, would you be yammering on like this? I think you like the boardroom, Sam. You think we're gonna lose? No. Do you really think we're gonna lose? No, but I wanna hurry up. Do you have the Big Bertha, um-- Great Big Bertha /1. You don't carry golf clubs? Okay. Great. Thanks. Well-- Hey, ma'am. Sam gave me the-- [ Beeps ] number. They did no research on the numbers they were feeding him, and it was an awful display of teamwork. When I get my legs waxed, I would like to ask that my teammate Nick don't laugh at me. I'm not gonna laugh at you. There's My Nails right there. Where s it? My Nails, to the left. - Hi. - She's handling it excellently. Yeah. Omarosa's, like, so-- She's on her best behavior. She's actually helping. She's doing a great job. I was gonna take one for the team, but I didn't mind. [ Laughing ] Hey, are you scared? [Jessie ] Omarosa is a phenomenal person, but she needs to be put into a situation... where she can really shine. That's the beauty of what happened, It's just funny to see that come out in her. It's incredible. 1 actually have newfound respect for Amy, Kristi and fessie. 1 was impressed with all three of the ladlies that were on my team. And in addition, I think I made some inroads in establishing some trust with these ladies. [Troy] I need to talk to y'all about gettin' my legs waxed, I know it sounds a little unusual, obviously. A little bit unusual for me. If 1 allow you ladies to enjoy the pleasurement of me gettin' my legs waxed, Right. Could you consider that payment enough and get it done as quick and painless as possible? Absolutely not. Ow! [ Beeps ] That's hot! - Ready? -[Groans] [Groans ] I want everybody to know that this was for the team, and that's why I did this. [ Groaning Continues ] Oh, God! [ Beeps ] - Please be patient. - This is just not right. This is medieval. Do you have the Great Big Bertha Il in stock? Ask her to come outside and show us. Don't go in there breathin' hard, Bill. Hi. How are you? Googie? Yes, I'm Googie. Hi. Amelia Henry. We need to get some kind of great, great sale. I don't know what World of Golf has, what kind of discounts y'all can give us. - We don't. They're very firm priced. - Why so expensive? Uh, looks like a Callaway to you looks like a Chanel or-- [ Laughs ] Do ll look like someone who would wear Chanel? [Bowie ] If1 was in here a lot, would we get some kind of discount? Perhaps. Perhaps? So we can? There is some way we can possibly get some kind of discount, without a doubt? Not on that club. So, how about cost plus 10 percent? You're making money. Yeah, cost plus 10 percent. I deal, yeah. For 300 bucks, you got yourself a deal. Yeah, $300 I give it to you. Okay. There we go. We got a deal. Mm-hmm. So we gotta walk. Hey;, take your time. Sorry about that. Thank you. Yeah. Thanks again. Most golf stores deal, so-- Okay. Thanks, Erik. We had let the home-based team do research on the golf club. They only wound up coming up with one place. We walked in, and the guy would not budge a single cent. We literally sprinted 25 blocks to the camera store... because we were so concerned with going to the loft at 5:00. [ Phone Rings ] Hey, guys. - We need you guys to run over to Davidoff. - So where are you going? We are getting the camera. Okay. Do you think we're gonna win this, quarterback? I need you to go over to Davidoff and get those cigars. Okay. How far is Davidoff's from Trump Tower? It's on Madison Avenue. It's close to you. Okay. Listen. Call information. Are you gonna be at Trump Tower in 15 minutes? Listen, dude. We're jogging right now 'cause traffic's so bad. I got ya. When are you gonna be at Trump Tower? I'll be at Trump Tower at 10 to 5:00. Just keep running, man. You're on the field. Just stay on the field. Calm down. Don't have a heart attack. Take a deep breath and think of Troy. Do you need to talk to me? Just shut up for a minute and listen to me! Okay? I"m listening. Go to-- Get the cigars. Sam, let's go. Our understanding here was that-- when we talked just a little while ago-- that we were getting only the leg wax. Ahh. 1 know. I know. Don't stress out. Do the best you can. It's execution. Thank you, my friend. Bye. - Okay. Thanks, man. - Let's go to Davidoff. It's on Madison Avenue. Thanks, big man. Good luck. All right. Okay, let's run, guys. Madison is four avenues over. I can run it. Can you hang in there, Bowie? f carn Aang in there. LeUs do it. If not, I'll catch up, boys. I would write it on my wet legs, but I think we had the harder tasks. Here we are, you guys! [ Whooping, Cheering ] Oh, those are great. Thank you, sir. Davidoff is a great place. [Sam] Where are you guys? Raise your hand. Where's Troy? [Troy] That was the most excruciating freakin' pain. I've got it. Trump Tower's right there. Up top. Where's Bowie? When we finished the tasks, we all met back at Trump Tower. We had an accounting of all the receipts and the cash that was left over. [ Men Chattering ] - Hello, folks. - Good evening, Mr. Trump. So, George, what happened? [George ] For this task, each team had a list of 10 items to negotiate for the lowest possible price. The total retail price of all of the 10 items came to $1,379.33. At the end of the day, the women negotiated a savings... of about 22% off the total retail price. All right. That's 22%. Carolyn? Okay. Again, they had a total retail value of $1,379.33. The men did well but were only able to negotiate a total savings of about nine percent. I"m sort of getting used to this. So that means the men lost. The women won. [ Women Applauding ] I'm starting to think that 1 may never hire a man again. Thank you. [Applause Continues ] I'm very disappointed in you guys. All right, look. The men lost. The women won. That's that. To celebrate, here's what you're going to do tonight. You're gonna have dinner at the world-famous 21 Club. Now, my father was a builder in Brooklyn and Queens. His biggest treat ever... was the ability to go to the 21 Club on occasion with his friends... and have dinner there. And he had one table that he loved. That's my father, Fred Trump. And you're gonna have dinner tonight at the Fred Trump table at the 21 Club. So you're gonna enjoy it. [Applause, Cheering ] And you guys-- As usual, I'll see you tomorrow at the boardroom... where somebody has to get fired, Okay. Go ahead. I am sick and tired of getting our asses handed to us. - [ Troy ] Embarrassment, buddy. - [ Bowie ] But it shouldn't have happened. [Troy] It shouldn't have happened. [ Think we may have lost the war but won some good battles. We haven't won-- [ Beeps ] dude, and we're gonna be another man down as of tomorrow. [ Nick] I feel miserable. It's the most degrading thing that's happened, I'm not a loser. I'm not used to losing. I've had it with these women. We will not lose again. I want to win a prize. I want to win a reward. That's what I want. [Kwame ] Bye, beauty queens. Bye, love bug. [ Laughs] Losers. [Troy] You guys enjoy, even though you won't have a good time without us. [Jessie ] This is where Donald Trump ate when he was little. How many deals have been made at this table? How about Mr. Trump's comment about never hiring another male again? [Jessie ] These rewards have given me... such a taste of something that I've never experienced before. It is a dream. It is a fantasy of mine to live like this. I feel like it is becoming my lifestyle just because I've experienced every one of them. Number four, here we come! [All] Number four! The mood in the suite right now for the men is, uh-- It's a little sad. Everyone's a little bummed out, I guess. You know, we took a third loss. Every time we know we have to go into that boardroom, it's not gonna be pretty. [Sam] I gotta figure out what the hell I'm gonna do. [Woman] You have to figure out what the hell you're gonna say. Oh, my God. I"m losing my mind. [ Heidi] 1 do not think Sam is going home. A lot of people think Sam-- Sam is gonna be in there every time. This is Sam's third time in front of Mr. Trump. He's not going home. I would be shocked. I don't know what he likes. Well, you know him the best, Sam. You've shaken his hand. You've made him laugh. I don't believe I'm going home from this boardroom... because it's just not my time. [Troy] The possibility is still there... that could be ousted like yesterday's newspaper. Sammy's gotta do the right thing and vote the weakest link. I'm not safe. The butterflies in my stomach are absolutely-- You should have no butterflies. Just-- Just--Just-- [Kwame ] [ think Nick could be on the chopping block... if Sammy is able to pull his world-class theatrics to convince Trump... that Nick gave him the information... that gold traded at a certain price during the day... that Sammy based his decision off of. And so, technically he could be in the line of fire as well. Okay. Good-bye. Ladies, we'll see yall. See ya. I"m gettin' sick of wheelin' this suitcase. Boy, oh, boy. You know, as a man, I'm so disappointed with you guys. I don't know what's happening. George, what happened this time? -1 mean, this is just nuts. - Sam, you were the team leader. Yes, I was. Well, I think we had a successful plan. Everybody understood the plan, and at the end of the day, although everyone did try, the plan was not implemented. Is it Sam's fault, do you think, fellas? Kwame? Yeah, I think it is Sam's fault, if you look at how the overall procedure broke down. We knew that the golf club had alarge spread, and we could negotiate. We also knew that the leg wax had a large spread. And that's where we got beat-- on those two items. $119 on the golf club, and $50 or so on the leg wax. So what did Sam do to mess you up? So we were on our way to get the leg wax. We got a call around 11:30 or so saying, “You must go to buy the gold now before noon.” Gold is not gonna change based on whether you buy it before noon or not, and also there's not a lot of margin in it. And we said that. We still got: “Look, we did our research. You've gotta leave Chinatown now and go get the gold.” The problem with the golf clubs is we were furnished two numbers. The second number we called, the store didn't even carry golf clubs. - Right. True. - So we're sitting, looking at each other. - But you went to a golf store. - Wait a minute. That's when we were kind of perplexed. Like, this is the address you gave us to go buy the golf clubs. - You have to trust the coach. - called the store, and they said, “We're sorry. We don't even carry golf clubs.” Nick, you think Sam's a leader? I think he displayed leadership qualities during the task. Whether or not I would have made the same decisions, I'm not quite sure. - Do you guys think Sam's a leader? - [Bowie ] No. And here's why Sam's not a leader. When we have to-- all the rest of the team-- tell Sam, “Calm down. Stay calm, Sam. Stay calm.” That's not showing the sign of a good leader. - What about you, Kwame? -1 think he's already showing some success, but in your role, no, I don't think he'd be capable. [ Think it actually comes down to respect. 1 had had respect, true respect-- - Did they not respect you, Sam? - Not everyone. - Who did not respect you? - Kwame and Bowie. - Do you respect Kwame? - [Sam ] I respect everyone at this table. -1 have not earned the full respect-- - That's for sure. I would say that's-- - 1t's true! - That's probably the most true statement that you've made. And I can't lead until I have that respect. - But you have to get the respect. -1 do. You have to earn it. And if you don't earn it, you have to demand it. Right. And you know, yesterday I could have demanded it better, and that's what I'm learning. - But I am a leader. - But they don't respect you, Sam. So look, Sam. You choose two people who you think were at fault... for your continuous defeat. I mean, it's crazy what's going on here. I feel confident that the two people who most led to this defeat... are Kwame and Bowie. I thought you were gonna say that. That was obvious, Sam. You didn't choose Nick, because he was nice to you. But Bowie and Kwame were critical, so you chose them. Okay, Sam, Kwame and Bowie, wait outside. The other three-- Nick, Bill and Troy-- go up to your suite. You guys go outside. Come backinin a little while. I'm gonna discuss this. Thank you. [Trump] I think Sam is a total disaster, but the whole team made mistakes. My personal feeling is that he's the bad factor. As long as he's there, I think he's a disruptive influence. I'd be curious to see how the team does when he's gone. I came in there with a big word--1 had a piece of paper-- and it was “respect.” I actually thought you all did respect me, and I think you do to some degree. What makes you-- I said I didn't respect you. I'll tell you that to your face. But you did in there. I'll tell you that to your face now. What makes you think we didn't respect you? No, I think-- Wait a second. I have respect for everyone. That's why I take that personally. - Okay, and I'm sorry. - All right. Let's go. Robin, let "'em in. Okay, Mr. Trump. You can go back in now. Okay. Okay. Okay, guys, I just want you to know-- it's a loss, whatever happens. That's all right. No, no. Not personal at all. Not at all. You know, two of you are going up on the elevator to the famous suite, and one is going down on the elevator to the street, and you tell me, Kwame, why you shouldn't be going down on the elevator. I shouldn't be going down on the elevator because I did not make a critical judgment error to go after gold... versus negotiating the clubs, and also, if need to go home because I don't respect Sam, then I need to go home. - What do you think, Bowie? -1 think I should be going up to the suite and not going home... because Sam's proven that he is not successful as a follower in this team, and he's also not successful as a leader. What do you think, Sam? I think that if I can earn-- truly 100% earn-- the respect-- - Isn't that just rhetoric? -1 don't believe so. - [smt it over, Sam? -1 hope not. - Isn't it really over? -1s what over? It's over. Don't you think it's over? I mean, not just these two guys. Just everybody. - They just don't seem to have it for you. - You are gonna see great successes from the men. You know, I hope I'm gonna really see great successes from you, Sam, but no longer with us. You're fired. I have no choice. You're fired. Hey;, for two weeks you've been on the edge. You know that. But now we have to go. You're fired, Sam. All right, so you guys go up. Sam, you go down. And we'll see you. [Bowie ] Thank you, sir. Thank you for your time. [Bowie ] Thanks, George and Carolyn. Go ahead, Sam. Good luck, gentlemen. Good luck to you. [Trump] Sam is a crash and burn. He's gotta be careful, 'cause he's a wild man. - That was too obvious. - 1t's the first easy decision we've had. - That was a little dramatic there. - That was one of our easy decisions. - That was an easy decision. -1 think we can call it a night now. Mr. Trump came in yesterday... to the suite where I'm staying, and he shook my hand. Basically, I think now that I've been fired, I realize he was saying, “Win this, Sam. Win this. “Because if you win this, I believe in you. “I believe in you. I believe in you. “But if you lose this, there's no way I can keep you on. “You've shown me in so many different ways... that there's just no way I can keep you on.” 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 