The Apprentice: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Apprentice 
 s1e6 - Tit for Tat - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Apprentice (2004–2017): Season 1, Episode 6 - Tit for Tat - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Trump] Previously on The Apprentice. After four straight losses, the men of Versacorp were distraught. I don't want to look back on this thing and say, you know, we cut each other's throats. [Troy] We"re very competitive men. We're 0 for 4. We think about the gravity of that. [Trump] In a surprise twist, the teams were informed that they would be switched up. We're gonna do what we call in business a corporate reshuffle. [Trump] Both groups would now consist of men and women. I picked the best: Amy, Ereka, Katrina, Tammy-- and Bill-- they're absolutely phenomenal, Kristi, the team captain, she selected me with her first choice. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 She selected Kwame, Omarosa, Jessie and Heidi. We've got an outstanding sales staff. So we are going to do very, very well. [ Trump ] For their next task, teams bought items and resold them for a higher price at a flea market. Nick relied on the women to pick the best product. [Amy ] So our team's made the decision that we're going to sell women's clothing and jewelry that we make. [Trump] While Kristi's lack of leadership frustrated her team-- - Omarosa and I had a talk. - We gotta get out here. This is where the traffic is. Why is it taking so long to make a-- [ Beeps ] decision? [Trump] Versacorp's teamwork paid off, and they claimed their first victory. [ Ereka] I love you guys! [ Trump ] Concerned about going to the boardroom for the first time, Kristi asks Jessie for advice. But just shut up, and don't say anything until you're addressed by him. [ Trump ] But in the boardroom, Jessie turned on Kristi, - Who did a lousy job? - It was project manager, Kristi. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 After picking Omarosa and Heidi, Kristi failed to defend herself. Kristi, until tonight you were a star. And I don't get it-- You lost the fight. And you're fired. [ Trump ] Eleven candidates are left. Who will be fired this week? & So you wanna be the next big thing ;* o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> . You wanna be a spotlight Ah, you wanna be o They'll put you on the front page Wanna see the bright lights ,» & Ah, you wanna see J That millionaire money, money o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> . You wanna have a jet plane Ah, you wanna have & Your face on the big screen You wanna have ;2 & A big yacht Oh, you wanna have > ♪ Your very own TV show J Wanna have a penthouse Ah, you wanna have & Your name on a building Wanna have a spotlight ,» AR, you're gonna have J That millionaire money, money o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o ING, 113, 113, 113, 137" Trump said, “You're a tough cookie.” She's like, “Damn right I'm a tough cookie.” Who do you think's comin' back? [Troy] Tough call. The heat was on the team leader. But then-- But then it just got personal with Omarosa and Kristi. They would go back and forth. IfOmarosa does come back from the boardroom without being fired, I'll really question what this is all about. - Heidi! -/ Screams ] [Omarosa] Oh! Aren't you surprised, Tammy? Did you think I wasn't gonna hold my own? The most valuable thing that has happened to me... was looking at the expression... on the team members' faces when I walked in the door. And they were shocked, [ Troy ] Are we gonna meet? Can I have a cigarette first? This is very stressful. - Who do you want to be P.M.? - I'm very interested in being project manager. [Omarosa] The last task, seeing a very weak, weak project manager, made me feel as though I needed to step up. Either I would remain a team member, and let someone else choose to put me up, orl go up as a project manager and determine who goes up with me. And I'm steppin' up. I'm not afraid to do it-- - [Indistinct, Traffic Noise ] - [ Kwame ] Whatever you wanna do. [Jessie ] The group decided to make Omarosa project manager. She'll either... succeed, which will be good-- we'll win-- or we won't succeed, and we'll be able to see her faults through that. [Omarosa] But they don't know what they're up against. If 1 pull off a victory, I will seal my fate in this game. [ Phone Ringing ] [ Ringing Continues ] - Hello? - Hi. This is Robin, from Mr. Trump's office. Mr. Trump would like you to meet him at Wollman Rink in 45 minutes. Thanks, Helen. Bye-bye. - 830, everybody! - Wollman Rink? That's awesome. Who was it? We're going to Wollman Rink. [ Heidi ] Bottom line is-- I don't know what we're gonna do. I'm just excited because we have to win. We have no option. So, Barry, I hear we're killing the competition. We are. During the holiday season, this is one of the biggest tourist attractions in Manhattan. Just tell everybody to come to the Wollman Rink, 'cause there's nothing left. Mr. Trump, we're ready for you up there. That's good. Okay. Thank you both, okay? Good luck. Have a good season. - Hello. - Good morning, Donald. - Good morning. - This is the Wollman Ice Skating Rink in the middle of Central Park. And it's one of the things that, frankly, I'm most proud of. I've been looking at this place for years from my penthouse in Trump Tower. It used to be a real eyesore. What happened with this was just a nightmare for the city. The city spent seven years, and $21 million... and couldn't get an ice skating rink built. I got tired of watching, and I went to the mayor and I said, “I want to build the rink. I'll do it in four months... and I'll do it for peanuts.” I got it built in three months for less than $2 million, and it's been a tremendous success. Everybody loves the Wollman Rink. And it's all about giving back-- giving back to the city. And now you're gonna have a chance to give back, because you're gonna raise money... for the Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation. A very important, worthwhile charity that I support. You're going to hold an auction. It's going to be done at Sotheby's. The most prestigious auction house in the world. Each time will have five celebrities to negotiate with. You're gonna use these celebrities and figure out how to raise money... and come up with a personal experience for each celebrity, to be auctioned off to the highest bidder. The team that raises the most money at the auction wins. The losing team will meet me at the boardroom, where the sixth person will be fired. That's not good. So good luck, do well, and raise lots of money for this great charity. - Thank you. - Thank you. [Sighs] Bill and Tammy are the only two team members that have not led a task yet. So we felt like we should give them the opportunity to lead, and... we all voted on Bill, because we felt he was better suited for this task. [Bill] These are the celebrities we've been given. We've got Regis Philbin, Rocco DiSpirito-- We've got Carson Daly, Tiki Barber from the New York Giants, and we have the Executive Producer of Third Watch. You must turn in your completed option certificates-- [Omarosa] By 2:00 p.m. tomorrow-- again, the celebrities are: Russell Simmons, Kate White, Nicole Miller, the Fab Five, Queer Eye for the Straight Guy-- 1 love them-- Isaac-- Why can't) say that ever? [Troy] “Miz-ah-ra-hee.” [Omarosa] “Miz-ah-ra-hee.” - The key is scheduling these meetings. - Right. Okay. Yes, we are calling to schedule an appointment with Tiki Barber. He'll be around at 4:00. Perfect! - [ Woman ] Regis on the phone. - Hello? Hi, Amy. Hey, Reeg. How ya doin'? [Amy] Great! Fine, thanks. How are you? [ Ereka ] I'm not usually starstruck, but we're gonna meet Regis Philbin one-on-one. That is the coolest thing. We had direct contact to these people. - So it's kind of glamorous. It's fun. - Thanks so much. [ Laughing ] So we'll talk soon. Where's Tammy? Tammy? Knock him dead. We have a tendency to speak on top of each other, and come across looking really unprofessional... if, uh, all of us are there-- so we split up, and Ereka, Tammy and / went to see Carson Daly, while Katrina, Nick and Bill went to see Tiki Barber. [ Woman On Phone] And I did explain the situation to Kate, and we are able to squeeze you in. - At least that's done. - [Omarosa ] We scheduled two meetings for this afternoon. One with Russell Simmons and the other one with Isaac “Miz-ha-ree.” Did I say that right? [ Laughs] “Miz-a-ra-hee.” I'll have it right before I meet with him. [ Cell Phone Ringing ] [Omarosa ] Hello? Hey, I got a question for you. Can I get the number for Katie Card, your contact for the foundation? Okay, why are we calling her? We thought, “Maybe it's a good idea if we actually call the charity... and get some details on this charity before we get over there-- so we can present it to Russell. Hey, let me speak to Kwame. Yeah, give me the number for Katie-- I wanna talk with her as well, 'cause I haven't had an opportunity to talk with her just yet. Well, right now we need the number quickly. We're gonna be there in a second. Are we here? - Wait, we're here. - Okay, what's the number? Let's talk when we get together. Would you please give it to me? Hello? [ Muttering ] I"m sorry. I had to bang it on'em. They're not listening to me. [Jessie ] Omarosa creates such negative energy, all around her. It's gonna be a huge fiasco. I think it would be best for the team if Omarosa was fired. Gettin' out of the taxi. [Trump] Negotiation is a very, very delicate art. The big thing in negotiation Is to try and figure out your opponent. Otherwise, you're going to look like an idiot and lose big. We can talk to him as a group, so all of us, collectively-- [ Troy] Trump asked us to raise money for the Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation. Each team got five celebrity names. And we got to meet with these celebrities, and come up with an experience to offer out, and donate out. - My heart was into this. - Listen, you all. Regardless of what happens, we have got to come out of here with something. The first appointment was Russell Simmons. We elected a pilot and a copilot on every person, to do the actual pitch. The pilot was myself; the copilot was Omarosa. 1 was really excited about meeting Russell Simmons. - Hip-hop pioneer, you know, media mogul-- - Mr. Simmons will see you now. Thanks. Good to meet ya. [Omarosa] We walk into his office, there's Russell Simmons-- and it's kinda, you know, it's surreal after watching him... for most of my life, to be standing in front of him. Right, so what are we here to do today? We're here to discuss the Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation. So what we'd like to talk about is a little bit about the foundation-- Are you a lawyer? What's your background? I'm not. My background's on Wall Street. And so, one of the ideas we came up with was... a New Year's Eve personalized concert and after party. No. What are the other ideas? Okay. The other ideas that we have are, uh, one year, unlimited backstage pass-- - That's no good. Next? - Okay. I don't know. I think he thought I was pretty stiff. So, you know, I couldn't be all completely myself, which I think hurt me. The reason we're adding so many different elements Is because this is a charity auction, and we have to make it as appealing as possible. -1 don't like any of those. - None of them? Not really. Kwame and Omarosa got awestruck a little bit, and.. I didn't really feel the gravity of Russell. That's what we come up with, Russel]. What we had the idea is-- Say that again? - [All Laughing ] - Where are you from? I'm from Idaho, but originally from Montana. You're not self-conscious about your accent, are you? You can make fun of my accent. That's all right. Russell looked at Troy as if he was from Mars. Russell is an urban guy from Queens, New York. Troy's accent is Great Montana, Idaho. And so that back-and-forth was good, 'cause it helped us break the ice a little bit. If you would be willing to honor one person for one night and make them the center of attention. That's a good idea. That sounds like, to me, I'd spend some time with a person, and so I could-- Yeah, just make 'em feel as good as you can. Troy's a great closer. His country demeanor helped close the deal. [Simmons ] Thank you for bein' here. [ Alll']T Hi [Freka] So, we're about to meet Carson Daly, who is a host amongst many other things... for, mostly, the music industry. So we're hoping to sort of secure, um, backstage tickets-- something to that extent. [Amy] So we wanted to talk to you about some potential ideas for donations for tomorrow's event. So, what type of New York concerts are coming up? The Christmas shows, which are really popular. - Are you emceeing any of them or-- - I'll probably do something at the Z100 Christmas “Jingle Ball.” It's like a very, very big event. So would you be open to doing something like hosting alimoride and eight tickets... for a group of people to attend that event? It is a great musical experience. It's one of the few when you get all these artists under one roof at one time. - They all sing their hit songs-- - So, you know Tiger Woods? I know you've played with him. Could you guys get a round together and maybe fill it out with another couple? - You-- What have you been drinkin' tonight? - What are you talkin' about? [ Daly ] That's shooting high. Yeah. I can't get Tiger Woods these days to do my own talk show, not to mention play golf. But he loves golf, and so do you, so you can go out and have some fun. Yeah, I know, it sounds simple, but he's very busy. Tammy was more like, “You know, Carson, we don't really care about you, but we care about who you know.” And that's the time that Ereka and I just stared at each other and were like, “Oh, please, dear Lord, shut up when we're making progress. - Just keep your mouth shut.” - Let's shelve the golf thing for a minute. Is there another sort of... thing that you might have thought of... that I could offer? Like flying away with you somewhere for a romantic weekend? Boy, you are really shooting for the fence, aren't you? I can't even do that on my own time. Not to mention with a perfect stranger. Really? Get a life. Yeah, no kidding. I like the Z100 Jingle Ball. But would you feel comfortable, then, taking them backstage, introducing them, and they would get to stay and experience the entire ball? [ think that's feasible. How 'bout like-- going back to the golf thing for just a second-- like a celebrity and you, so we don't know who this other celebrity is yet. Let's stick to this Z100 thing. I think that's a good idea. [ Tammy ] Celebrities are real people. They just happen to be doing Jobs in the public's eye. And it's just a business transaction for me. So, we've got your commitment, then, for the experience of a “Day in the Life with Carson Daly... atZ100 Jingle Ball”? Yes. [Amy] Tammy is a loose cannon. If it were up to me, I would actually... request that she never attended any meetings that we had. Okay, we'll send you a copy. [Omarosa] Are you ready for the Fab Five, baby? -[Troy] 1 can handle the Fab Five. - Fab Five! O Fab Five, Fab Five [Troy] We go to meet with the Fab Five, Queer Eye for the Straight Guy. I wanted to have a strategy to warm these guys up. What is their job? Their job is to critique straight men. You can't have a straighter man than a country kid from Boise, Idaho. !/ simply took my belt off slipped it off and / stuffed it into my bag. I'm from Boise, Idaho. Originally Montana. Very nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. [ Laughing ] What is the belt situation? None. You might as well be naked if you have no belt on. [ Laughing, Chattering ] [Troy] A country, innocent boy who doesn't know how to dress? I mean, I was a virgin on prom night to those kids. And guess what? Once that happened, bam, I was in like Flynn. You want to be an intern, don't you? Well, gentlemen, what we've come here today to do is talk to you about... what we can do for the children-- Pediatric AIDS Society... is who we're trying to benefit here. Snaps for a good cause. Are we just gonna snap and be happy? Snap and be gay. [ Laughing ] - Which is pretty much the same thing. - What we're trying to do is, we're trying to come up with an idea... that we can maximize the dollars for an auction. Like have you guys take a guest to a conservative golf course... - and just go on fashion patrol. -1 like golf because it involves cute shoes... - that we don't normally get to wear. - What if we came up with another activity that was similar to golfing involving balls... that we could also do, perhaps in the city? [ Heidi] Bowling. Bowling? Something like that. Disco bowling. With the flashing lights and the music? - How many times do you get to see gay guys bowling? - Never! [ Heidi ] Troy and I work so well together. He's from Idaho, and he's aggressive, but he's a little bit more passive, and that Southern charm-- I get that New York in me. I'm aggressive. I like to close the deal, I think I did a-- [ Beeps ] fantastic job. Okay! I think we've got it nailed, right? That was really clever, you guys. And it involves balls. Nice to meet you. It's a pleasure to meet you. One of our celebrities is Tiki Barber, and I'm really excited because I'm a huge football fan. I think everybody in New York City loves Tiki Barber. Why not do a slumber party? Wait, hear me out before you laugh. How're you doin', Ed? 'm Nick. Nice to meet ya. Nick. Good to meet you. And this is Anthony Ruivivar. [Ereka] We headed to Brooklyn to see Ed Bernero, who is an executive producer and one of the cocreators from Third Watch. Somebody coming onto the show Is something we can absolutely do. This type of task is like the cherry on top of a sundae. You get to show Mr. Trump that we can work successfully as a team... and give back to a great cause. [ Woman ] How are you? Mrs. DiSpirito? It's nice to meet you. Mama. We went to Rocco's Restaurant, which is on 22nd and Park Avenue, - and we met with Rocco and Mama. - [ Rocco] So, what's goin' on? I don't want to blow you away, but renting a chateau in, like, the French Loire Valley-- How do the expenses get paid for then? Yeah, that would be-- Part of it would be a donation from yourself. We can pretty consistently count on Tammy saying something in a meeting... that we wish we could erase. It's a little bit-- You know, it's a little bit out of the-- Let's try to think of some other ideas. Jessie. Jessie. Nice to meet you. Kate, Omarosa. We went to see Kate White, the editor of Cosmo magazine. Didn't you support Hillary's campaign to-- you did something for her. God, you did your homework. So nice to meet you. [Troy] We went and met with Nicole Miller. Nicole is a celebrity designer for people like Jennifer Aniston. We have sold some internships off over the past that really went for a lot of money. Everyone is doing great so far. The bottom line is, your spirits have to be up. If you're not pumped, if you're not passionate about it, it's not going to work. Bye, guys. See you later. Thank you. Hi. Hello. [Troy] Isaac, how are you? Good, thank you. Are you the-- We are the apprentices. The next person that we went fo see was Isaac Mizrahi, He custom-designs clothes and stuff... for “Tar-jay.” - The person that did the pitch was Jessie. - All right. Okay. So-- Mr. Mizrahi, what we're gonna do is, we're representing an auction. Yeah? A charity auction, that will be on tomorrow evening. Right, right. Okay. What's going to go on at this auction is, people are going to be bidding on an experience. Okay. I love how you're speaking to me as though I have never spoken the English language. - [ Laughing ] -1'm sorry. It's okay. No, it's fine, it's fine. You're a doll. Go on. You're a doll. [ Laughing ] [ Omarosa ] She totally patronized the man. She talked to him like he was a four-year-old. But I'm not certain that she caught that. And she continued to talk very, very slowly... with... him-- and it started to irritate him. I mean, it was driving me crazy, and 1 kept looking at George's face, who was observing her negotiation, and he was cringing. [Jessie ] So we're thinking eight designed pieces, personally designed, from you. You get a consultation-- Personal consultation, help from you-- I mean, a party, my gosh-- Maybe dinner. - Where you're the guest of honor. -[Jessie ] Omarosa would jump in when I was speaking... and kind of stunted my ability to negotiate well, because someone was standing over my shoulder tapping me constantly. - We came up with “Fashion Week.” - Ah, I knew it, I knew it. Man! Go ahead! What is it? Yes, I'm disappointed. “Fashion Week.” That's so much work, y'all! That's like a full-time job. Jessie gave her pitch, and he kind of looked at us, and he was like, “No, I'm sorry. I don't like that!” And I chose to put one step forward, How about what you do-- You do a couple things with your chic ideas... and we do a preview of your collection. - How about that? - We do a preview of your-- Oh, my God! We do a preview of your collection. Don't you think that sounds like a lot of fun? They could get to come-- They get to see the collection! Snappy, fun-- [ Laughing ] Come on over! All right, all right. All right. Preview, minimum eight looks from Isaac “Miz-zah--" Mizrahi. Mizrahi. - Oh, Lord. I got your name right, baby. I just took it a looser way. - You got it right. Forget it! Forget it, the president of Donald Trump Corporation? [ Troy ] Without a shadow of a doubt, Jessie was the weakest link on this particular task. Jessie's a good woman, and Jessie does fantastic at what she does. When it comes to negotiations, she's just the weakest link. That's just the way it is. [Bill] Tammy may need to get shushed. [Amy] Yeah, I might have to shush her. Rocco DiSpirito tells us today, “I have no jet.” And she's like, “So, what about we charter a jet to Tuscany, and rent avilla--" She's not on the same page. No! I know. Not only is she not on the same page, she's not reading the same book. If she starts talking-- [ Beeps ] with Regis-- [Amy] That's the whole thing. You've got to take her tomorrow. No. Out of the question. Regis! We don't want to meet her with Reeg. No, you don't understand, Shush. No, don't shush me. -1 thought you liked strong men. - No, I don't need to be shushed. You like a man to take charge. You just told me that, Amy. But I don't want somebody to shush me! Is that not “taking charge”? No. I would actually like aman to take charge on my own terms. Oh, see? See that old routine she uses? One thing I really don't like is for anybody to ever shush me. And I think Nick experienced that. I"m, like, you know what? I may like a strong man, but I don't like anybody to shush me. I did a very “take charge” thing, and went shush-- No, you jerk! And she's like this: “Don't shush me.” Don't play cutesy with me, young lady. I shushed, and you got all upset. [ Laughing Hysterically ] [Amy] Just don't shush me, baby. who do we have? Hello. Come on in. Hr, f'rir Tammy. Nice to meet you. How nice you look, Tammy, in your business suit. [Bill] I've got a high level of concern about Tammy. Tammy doesn't really have a concept of what we're trying to achieve today. I mean, it's, uh-- I'm concerned that we're going to lose credibility by some of the questions that she may ask. Boy, how exciting this is. Do you live here? Uh, please, I've been in this room for 20 years. And it's slowly catching up with me. - So what would you like to talk about? - One thing that we thought of was, Spend a “Day in the Life” with Regis Philbin, starting from waking up and having breakfast before the show-- Breakfast? I mean, I get up at 7:30 in the morning, and I make myself a little cereal... and some milk and orange juice, and that's it for me, and then I feed my cat. Hmm. Not very exciting. Maybe they can feed my cat for me. So, what else? Trump would give me 15 ideas, just like that. There were ideas that Amy was presenting that weren't what he was looking for. If they can't come up with the big ideas, that's when I assert myself. I'd like an exotic trip for four with you and Joy and maybe another couple. Now let me get this straight: 1 gotta go to the far ends of the earth? - [ Tammy ] Two nights, then. - But where are we going for two nights? Your favorite destination. You and a guest... will go with Joy and Phil-- uh, Regis-- [Bill] He's Regis. Their favorite destination. Who's Phil? Is Phil Donahue coming with us? No, Regis! [Amy] What about any other events that you may be hosting or emceeing in the New York City area? Well, I do a nightclub act. - Going into Atlantic City. -[Amy ] I think that sounds like a fantastic day. So, 1 think we can pitch it as “A Day in the Life of Regis.” A limo to Atlantic City. Participate in the dress rehearsal of the night show. - Dinner at 10:00 p.m. with Regis-- -[ Regis ] Yeah, that could be arranged. I think that sounds great. [ Regis ] You like that? Are you comfortable with it? We didn't put together packages that were just gonna blow people out of the water. So I'm a little bit skeptical; I'm not 100% satisfied. Bye. You're next. Can't reach. [ Laughs] And I'm outta here. [Tammy] And if we don't make it, I mean, this is back to the boardroom. [Trump] I do remember. Yes, how are you? - You know the legendary Regis Philbin? - We get to Sotheby's, and we're up in a skybox, and we're overlooking the entire auction floor, all the high society people that are down there. 1 do feel, in the bottom of my heart, that we will beat the other team on this task. But, ultimately, it will come down to who will attend the auction and how many drinks they've had tonight. Well, thank you very much, and it's an honor to be here. We're doing something, I think, that's gonna be very special. Elizabeth Glaser Foundation-- it's really a great thing. And bid high tonight, folks, "cause it's really worthwhile. And thank you. Thank you, everybody. [Jessie ] 1 usually go to farm auctions, where the auctioneer's wearin' a cowboy hat... and he's talkin' real fast and chewin' on a piece of grass or something. This is a totally different experience for me. Lot number one is the Fab Five. Spend an evening of disco bowling... and stylish cocktails with the cast of Queer Eye for the Straight Guy. Start the bidding at $1,000. Who'll bid me 2,000? I have two. I have three. I have 4,000. [Omarosa] I was really excited about the cast of Queer Eye for the Straight Guy, because they are so fabulous. I felt that they would be one of our highest donations. [Auctioneer] I have $7,000. I have 8,000. This lovely young lady at 8,000. I have $8,000. I have 9,000. It's against you now, madam, at nine. But ten is a good number! I have $9,000 once. I have $9,000 twice-- Sold for $9,000. [ Cheering ] [Bill] When the other team got the big money from the Fab Five package, they were all pumped up, they were jumping for joy-- it was concerning to me, because... you know, I think I may have underestimated some of the packages they were gonna put together. Lot number two, this is with Regis Philbin. Two front-row tickets on the set, followed by a backstage tour. The live performance of Regis and Susan Lucci, and then you have dinner with Mr. Philbin, and you spend the night-- not with Mr. Philbin. Here we go. I have 1,000. I have two, three, 4,000. 4,000. 5,00076,000. 1 have 6,000. Surely he's worth more than 6,000. At $6,000, once. At $6,000 twice. Sold, $6,000. At that point, 1 just had this pit in my stomach, thinking, We're gonna lose.” Lot number three is the Isaac Mizrahi: Lunch with him, look at his collection, and you finish the day with eight outfits for you. And we'll start the bidding at $1,000. I have a thousand, two, three, four-- [Bill] Isaac Mizrahi came out of the blocks in a full sprint. It ratcheted up... to $7,000 in a matter of, like, ten seconds. At $7,000 now. Once. I've got it twice. Sold to you, sir. Thank you very much indeed. Thank you. Lot number four, Rocco's Restaurant, private party. Four courses, 50 people. I'll bid $1,000 for myself. One thousand, 2,000. 3,000. Four. 5,000. 5,000-- As each paddle raised on the Rocco, it was like a defibrillator paddle... pumping my heart up again-- it was great. - All the way in the back, at ten. - Once we hit nine grand, then ten grand, and then 117 grand-- -1 have 12,000. - And then I was breathing on my own after about $12,000. So it was great. Standing in the back of the room at $12,000 once, twice-- 13,000. New place. Lady's bid at 13. $73,000. At 13,000. $73,000 now. Once. Twice. Sold to you, madam, for $13,000. Once the hammer hit, and we got $13,000, /saw light at the end of the tunnel, I knew we were in the game again. Now, lot number five is Kate White: Editor-in-Chief, Cosmopolitan magazine. “Cosmo Day,” I call it. I'll bid a thousand for a Cosmo Day. Why not? For the next couple of rounds, it was literally a boxing match. Sold, for $6,000. They got one punch; we got one punch. This is the walk-on part for Third Watch. $2,000 on the right. 2,000. 3,000. 4,000, 4,000. $7,000. Sold to you, sir, for $7,000. Lot number seven is the Nicole Miller fashion designer. Spend 15 days working as an apprentice. I'll bid 1,000. I have 2,000. On the phone now at 3,000. I have 4,000. I have $4,000. Against you now. I have 5,000. I have $6,000 on the phone with Amy. Sold to Amy's bidder at 6,000. Here's the Tiki Barber lot. I'll start the bidding at $1,000. 1 have 2,000. I have 3,000. I have $3,000 here on my left. Four thousand dollars. Lady's bid on the aisle on that, four. At $4,000 now. Tiki Barber. For $4,000. - Tiki Barber is stuck at $4,000. - Surely someone wants to say 5,000. It's so easy to say, “Five thousand.” - Once. - Tiki Barber going once. - Twice. - Tiki Barber going twice. I wanted to yell to the crowd, “Come on, man!” -1 mean, this is a great gift! - Sold, for $4,000. Thank you, madam, very much. Lot number nine is the Russell Simmons “Opportunity of a Lifetime.” A thousand. 2,000. 3,000. Four. Five. 5,000. 6,000. Seven. I have $7,000. $7,000 once. $7,000 twice. Sold to you for 7,000. Thank you. Thank you. That's great. The Carson Daly opportunity. Your'll be his personal guest for the annual Z100-FM Jingle Ball. Going into the Carson Daly package, I knew we were in some serious trouble. I knew Carson Daly was a popular guy. I knew he was gonna get-- you know, maybe a couple thousand dollars-- but I certainly didn't think... he was gonna get more money than Regis Philbin. So, who will start the bid-- I'll bid $1,000. Two. 3,000. 4,000. 5,000. 5,000, 6,000-- Carson Daly went on the blocks, and the paddles were flying again. $6,000. In front of me now, at 6,000. 7,000. It's here now, at seven. 7,000. 8,000! Attagirl! Eight! - [Clapping] -$8.000 now. 9,000. $9,000. It's against you now, young lady. There was this young lady in the audience, sitting there with her mom, driving the bid price up. [Auctioneer] Mom, this is your moment, sweetheart. This is it. You can go a little higher. No? Daddy wouldn't like that? Okay. $9.000 once. $9,000 twice. £700007 And at $10,000 once, twice, sold to you, young lady, for 10,000. We're all finished here, so we'll meet you in the conference room for the results. Great. Thank you. Okay? Good. Well, tonight I want to congratulate both teams. You raised $75,000 for Pediatric AIDS, and the Elizabeth Glaser Foundation could not be happier. It was a great job. So really, there were no losers. However, that's not the way the game is played. Protégé Corporation, your team raised $35,000. Versacorp. Your team raised $40,000. That means, you folks, you're free. I'm not gonna give you any rewards. Your reward, really, was in raising all of this money. It was a great job. Omarosa, good job anyway. [ can't be overly upset. -1 can't be angry. Good job. - [ Mouths Words ] But unfortunately, someone still has to get fired this week. I'll see your team tomorrow, in the boardroom. Well, it was a nail-biter tonight, was it not? I mean-- - Whew! - Our team had another success to celebrate, after winning the challenge for the charity. And I think it was a good time to unwind and get to know each other a little bit better. I love this team. 1 liked the girl's team, but I'love this team. 1t is a love fest. [Laughing] Just give 'em the line you just told about the boardroom. [InA Southern Accent ] Well, Mr. Trump, I don't want to sugarcoat anything, "cause I don't want to give anybody a sweet tooth. - [Shrieking ] -[ Tammy ] I thought I was nuts. He's a head trip inside. If he's a head trip, what are you? - I'm out-- I'm out there. - Tammy, you're in left field. And where are we? - Right field, - And, Tammy, when we hit the ball to left field, what do you do? Catchit. Good job! Good job! Amy and I got into a pretty good conversation, and, uh, you know, it was a good time. There's no love connection here. There's just... a shushing match. And she's just a great girl, that I love spending time with, so-- I got married too young, and I still wanted to, like, do a lot of things in my life. - Do you want to get married again? - Probably within three years. No way. What are you gonna name your kid? Depends on my last name. How about you? Kid"s name? Jake and Brooke. [ Braying ] Why is this funny? It's just funny. I've never known a guy that actually has his children's names picked out... before he even knows his girlfriend's. Look. Look. Look. [Amy] Nick's told me that he's basically got to find a wife that's willing to... name his children Brooke or Jake, or else he's gonna have to move on. [ Laughs] You know, they're cute names. No way that you will be naming your children. Why do you say that? "Cause it just doesn't work that way with women. [ Nick ] Women have been the result of a lot of men's downfalls. [ Chuckling] And it ain't gonna be me. [Amy] Good night! I'm not worried about anybody in the boardroom. Because I will talk circles around Jessie and her farm ideas, and Troy and his country attitude, and Kwame, with his M.B.A. perspectives. I mean, I can go toe-to-toe with the best of them. I have to rate my tasks, and I have to make a decision based on your performance. - You were horrible yesterday. -1 did well. I felt like I was very strong with Isaac. 1 was like, okay, we're gonna do this, we're gonna do that, we're gonna do that, we're gonna do that-- So you essentially went down what was on this commitment sheet. And that was effective negotiation. [Omarosa] She thought she did pretty good, which is kind of ironic to me, because not only did she tank on her negotiation with Isaac, but she did so in front of George. And if I did not take her into the boardroom with me, I think George would question my ability to manage and to evaluate my people effectively. The bottom line, Jessie, is that I thought you were the weakest negotiator, by far. And I disagree with that. Really? But we'll talk tomorrow in the boardroom, ifit comes down to that. [Jessie ] Omarosa basically said that I was the weakest link... because my negotiation skills-- 1 guess I would just say to Mr. Trump, is that, even though you complete a task, [ think it's the character.. Behind the person that's the most important. All right, guys. Good-bye. Good-bye, Katrina. [Troy] The two people that are in jeopardy? Omarosa and Jessie. Omarosa 'cause she's the team captain. By default she goes in there no matter what. Maybe Donald Trump doesn't like her style. Maybe he does. I don't know. But Jessie was absolutely the weakest one this time. [ Dings ] Okay. You had a close match, it was pretty good-- you didn't do terribly, but you lost-- that means somebody is gonna have to go. Troy, did Omarosa do a bad job? I can tell you, in the beginning, that I questioned Omarosa as a leader. After this task, I thought she did a fantastic job. - Heidi, what do you think? -1 have to say I was pleasantly surprised. - We worked well together. She led us-- - But you lost. We couldn't have done anything different, Mr. Trump. - We got out there, we negotiated our best-- - Yeah, but somebody has to go, Heidi. - Who do you think has to go? -1t's a very difficult decision. - But who has to go? -1 wouldn't make that decision. So you won"t make a decision. I don't have to, if I'm not the P.M. No, but in life you have to make decisions. Who do you think should go? - Everyone was excellent. Great. - Who should go? The only person that had difficulties in negotiating was Jessie. - Jessie, who should go? -1 think, sometimes, being a leader... - you succumb to the pressure-- - And who did that? -1 think that Omarosa did. - Not a good leader? I think she's a good leader. I think she just succumbed to the pressure-- - Do you think that's true? - Absolutely not. I was born to be a leader. There was a weak link, and... - she's trying to protect herself. - Kwame, what do you think? -1 think, one, Omarosa did a great job-- - But you lost. -1 think Jessie had probably the most difficult negotiation. - Do you think Jessie should go? 1 think, in this situation, she had the most difficult negotiation. - What does that mean? - That means she probably should go. You mean, she did the worst job at negotiation? She had a very difficult negotiation with Isaac Mizrahi. - And why was it difficult? - We had some ideas that were shut down. Because he knew, better than we did, what would be more valuable in what he did. Because, I don't know designers. - How did Heidi do? - Heidi was fantastic. And I will tell you that I haven't always been a fan of Heidi. I haven't always thought that she was professional, nor does she have much class. - Or finesse. - Ooh! That was very nice. Thank you! This is one of the worst compliments I've ever heard. Best compliment-- I have no class! - But I've been very candid with Heidi, have I not? - Yes, I appreciate that. But in this instance-- I've heard a lot worse. I don't know. I'm not so sure. That's maybe the worst thing I've heard here. That's the worst thing I've ever-- 1/ have a ot of class. That's the worst thing I think I've ever heard. That's the worst compliment I've ever heard. 1 have a lot of class. 1 have one of the biggest clients in the country. 1 have to just tell you-- Well, do you think Omarosa has class? You know, in the beginning, I didn't think she had a lot of class. - Do you like her now? -1 do like her. - After that last statement, you like her? - You know what, Mr. Trump? If somebody said that about me, I wouldn't like her. I don't care what they do. Mr. Trump, you know what? She's entitled to her opinion. 1 know myself, I have class. That doesn't mean you have to like her. Carolyn, what do you think? - Isaac's last name? - Mizrahi. Yes. I see you learned that 3 little too late. /- know, and I have such a pet peeve about my name, so I was kind of concerned about his reaction. I find it odd that you would say that about Jessie when you mispronounced his name. - Jessie, go ahead. - Omarosa and I were paired up to do Isaac's together. - SO__ - So what happened? - You were the lead, Jessie. -1 was the lead. Please take responsibility for your actions. I was the lead. Do you like Omarosa, the way she talks to you? Do you like her? -1 do like Omarosa. - How can you like her, the way she's talking to you? You know, she's got a very sharp edge. I mean, she destroyed you with a compliment-- - She didn't destroy me. - Well let me tell you. She wasn't very nice. She gave you a very... negative compliment-- maybe the worst compliment I've ever heard. You're wonderful, you have no class. It's a terrible thing she said. - You get over it - And just now she-she knocks you, and you're saying how much you like her. Either you're not telling the truth, or you're not very bright. There's something wrong. The way she just talked to you, Jessie. 1 don't know how you can like her, personally. Omarosa, as project manager, I'm holding you partially responsible. But pick two people who you feel contributed to your failure as a team. You're going to have to make a decision. I think it's a tough decision. 1 think you were very rude to two of the people, and you were very nice to two of the people. What's your decision? Who are the two folks? The two folks that are going back to the suite are Kwame and Troy, and the two that are staying here are Jessie and Heidi. You two, Kwame, Troy, 80 back up to the suite. You three, Omarosa, Heidi and Jessie-- go out, and we'll call you back when we're ready. Thank you, Mr. Trump. Be strong. Be strong. Oh, I am. Be strong. Take care, ladies. [Trump] What do you think, George? well, I think... Omarosa has a tendency to be abrasive. To a point, she can be a good leader, but you gotta know when to call it back... and how you're gonna handle all your troops. 1 do think when it came to Isaac Mizrahi, at that point, she overmatched Jessie with him. He is quite an individual character, and that wasn't really a good leadership decision. The leadership quality 15 in question. Well, I think Omarosa may possess certain leadership qualities. However, I really didn't see them come out today. All right, I think, uh-- I think I have a pretty good idea. But let me just get'em back in here. Robin, bring 'em in right now, please. Okay. You can go in and see Mr. Trump now. Thank you. I've got some pretty strong ideas on this one. Jessie: Why should you not be fired? Because you're choosing someone to represent you, ultimately, in this. Of course, it's important to win and to accomplish something. But it's also their character behind it. - That's very important. - Do you think these two people have good character? I think that Heidi has great character. - What about Omarosa? -1 like Omarosa very much. I can't believe that. You're saying you like her, and maybe that's a smart thing to do, but I don't believe you like her. And I don't believe you could like her, the way she talked to you either. Um, no. [ Chuckles ] Personally, no. - Well, but before you said you did like her. - /didn't 1/ had more respect for her after her becoming a P.M. Omarosa, so? You're the team leader and you lost. - Why should you not be fired? - Because you're looking for leadership. And I demonstrated leadership based on the time frame that I was given, and the tasks that I was given, as well as the resources that I was given. And the wonderful teammates that I had. And I was able to come away-- And then your team didn't do that well. What do you think, Heidi? - Who would you say should be fired? - You know what? After being called unclassy and unprofessional, - I'm gonna have to go with Omarosa. - You're very insulted. I wouldn't work for somebody that called me unclassy and unprofessional. Definitely would not do it. That's character. I have to respect somebody that I work with, - and I respected her, but after that-- - But don't forget, you both changed your tune, a lot. You were just saying you love her-- She's a great-- No! She treated you like a dog. She's a great leader! She treated you both like dogs. All right. It's decision time. Jessie. 1 think you were overly nice to Omarosa, who treated you terribly. You know, I don't love that. I think it's more legitimate for you to fight your team leader... after what 1 saw in terms of the way she treated you. I can almost say the same thing for you, Heidi. 1 think you're tougher than Jessie. Maybe you've had more experience than Jessie, but I do believe you're a little bit tougher. And 'm not sure that's a bad thing. Omarosa, you were very rude 10 these two people. How they took it is unbelievable to me. Because you were rude. You are rude. I've seen it. I've seen it. But I have to say that... worse than your rudeness was the way Jessie took it. - This is a very tough choice. - Mr. Trump-- - Because Omarosa has an attitude, and-- - Who do you want representing your company, Mr. Trump? - Well, we're gonna see. - If you get down to character. -1 have a great character. - Well, she's almost saying you don't have great character. I do have an edge, but I have a great character. Please don't fire me, Mr. Trump. Jessie, you were the worst negotiator. But worse than that, I hated the way... you took so much crap from Omarosa. 70 me, that was a form of weakness. And I think it's because you're very young, you may be somewhat inexperienced, but 1 just hate it. 1 didn't like what she was doing, and it was repulsive to me. But worse was the way you took it. - Please, please don't. - I have no choice. And I have to say that you're fired. All right, so go ahead. You two, up to the suite-- Down to the street. - [ Heidi] You take care. - [ Elevator Dings ] - Thank you. [ Trump] Ultimately, I fired Jessie... because she didn't stand up for herself. [ George ] You're getting down to the, uh, best-- to the pick of the crop. Whatever you do now is gonna be down. She's a nice girl too. Okay. There's gonna be trouble. Gonna be difficult. That's life. [George ] Life is difficult. I feel really good, because we raised $35,000... for Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation-- 'm 50, 50 happy about that. 'm here right now, and all I can be is happy. All'l can be is happy. I had a great experience, and... l think true colors about people were really revealed. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 