The Apprentice: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Apprentice 
 s1e2 - Sex, Lies and Altitude - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Apprentice (2004–2017): Season 1, Episode 2 - Sex, Lies and Altitude - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Trump] Previously on The Apprentice. Sixteen candidates arrived in New York for a 13-week competitive job interview. This is the chance to work for me ata huge salary, and more importantly, learn enough so that maybe they too can become a billionaire someday. This is going to be the dream job of a lifetime. The winner will become president of one of my companies. Each week, there will be a business task to accomplish. These are two of my top executives, George Ross and Carolyn Kepcher. They will be my eyes and ears and will accompany you on your tasks. Each week, you will select a project manager... who will lead your team in that task. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 1 will hold the project manager... at least partially responsible for a team's victory or failure. If your team loses, you will all meet me in the boardroom... where somebody has to get fired. Who will succeed and who will fail... and who will be... the apprentice? [Trump] The groups were divided into two teams-- men versus women. - What is your team name? - Versacorp. Protégé Corporation. [Trump] They expected a complicated stock market task, but instead, started with the basics. You're gonna sell lemonade. At Protégé, Freka and Omarosa were immediately off to a rocky start. I didn't appreciate being told I was the one in charge, but then being said, this is what we're doing. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 She's totally irrational. [Trump] After the men of Versacorp chose a bad location-- We need to move now. Sam resorted to desperate measures. We may have to get some guy to give us a thousand dollars. This guy is going crazy. - [ Trump ] The women proved that sex sells and easily defeated the men. - Win! The men went to the boardroom, where Troy was held partially responsible, but he also held David and Sam responsible for the team's failure. Troy, your've done a lousy job 3s the leader. Despite that, you did step up, so I'm gonna let you stay. I'm gonna stand right here in front of you, and if you have to punch me in the stomach... and tell me to sit down and shut up, I'll shut up. Sit down. Sam, you're a wild man. You'll do great, or you'll be a total disaster. On the other hand, David, I don't see that you stepped up at all, You even admitted that you wouldn't have been a good leader. You're fired. Fifteen are left. Who will be fired this week? & So you wanna be the next big thing ;* o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> . You wanna be a spotlight Ah, you wanna be o They'll put you on the front page Wanna see the bright lights ,» & Ah, you wanna see J That millionaire money, money o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> . You wanna have a jet plane Ah, you wanna have & Your face on the big screen You wanna have ;2 & A big yacht Oh, you wanna have > ♪ Your very own TV show J Wanna have a penthouse Ah, you wanna have & Your name on a building Wanna have a spotlight ,» AR, you're gonna have J That millionaire money, money o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o ING, 113, 113, 113, 137" You guys have been in the boardroom this entire time? Yeah. -[Omarosa ] So who's missing? -[Two Women ] Troy, Sam and David. Troy was missing. Sam was missing. And David was missing. We were really sad for them. - We're talkin' this type of stuff. - Holy-- Would you let me handle this? Just one second. My golly, oh, golly. David has departed. - He's gone. Just give me a little minute to-- -[Amy] Okay. [ Kristi ] When David didn't come back, the mood was “this really happens.” When they're fired, they don't come back. It really hit home. I could get fired. I don't wanna be in that room. [Troy] It's been a long hard day, my friend. Oh, my goodness. Talk about a learning experience. - [ Nick ] I'm glad that's over with. -[Jason ] That was pretty intense, huh? That was really intense. If the men don't win the next task, we're all as good as dead, because Mr. Trump does not give second chances. He has about this much faith in the male team right now. If we lose again, [ Popping Noise ] like that. Get ready for tomorrow, boys. [Omarosa] The reality of the situation is that every single board meeting... will eliminate one person, and that we needed to be on top of our game. And tomorrow we're gonna have a new task. And I thought it was very important that we decide on how we were gonna select our project manager. I wanted to select randomly 50 that we could... decide fairly who would be the next project manager. Let's vote on who we think it should be. All right. [ Think we know who the pegple in our group are now that motivate, that encourage-- Can we vote? Canl finish? Wow. Did you see how you get towards me? Omarosa has a huge issue... with power and us not accepting her ideas. With Omarosa, it's either her way orit's no way. [Omarosa] I made suggestions that I thought would make our team much more successful. And it was like, let's shut Omarosa up, but let's open the discussion for all of the women. - [ Kristi ] Who wants to be up for nomination? -1 nominate Amy. I nominate her too. Amy! Amy! I will accept this responsibility, contingent upon one thing. Both of you guys are above this bickering. - This exchange is always personal. - I'm seriously shaking. And it's always been this way. I want it to stop. What are you afraid of? You are after me. For whatever reason, you are. No, I'm not. I haven't even given you any mental-- Darling, sweetie pie-- Don't call me sweetie pie. You have said so many things. You have no idea. [Amy] Guys, please. Please. [Kristi] Omarosa loves to stir things up, and Ereka's Italian. She's passionate. And those two together create fire and water. We need to do something to stop that, or else it's gonna hurt the team big time. [Trump] Call the Apprentice suite. We're gonna meet 'em in one hour at the Deutsch Agency. [ Phone Ringing ] [Tammy] Boys, it's your turn to get the phone. This is Troy. All right, Mr. Trump will meet us at the Deutsch Advertising Agency this morning in one hour. This is a big day. This is round two in a 13-round fight. We could all raise our hands and say we're all the captains right now. I'm not saying I need to be the captain, but if it's advertising related-- I used to work in a advertising agency. You did? Then you should be the captain. You wanna do it? I used to work in a advertising agency. So, I mean, if that's what we have to do, then I guess I gotta step up to the plate and, you know, take charge. Hello, folks. How are we doing? Are you all set? There he is. What's going on, Donald? Good to see you, buddy. Good seeing you. This is Donny Deutsch of the Deutsch Agency. He's the best there is. You guys ready to work? You guys ready to really work, to learn about advertising? Come on. Let's go. Let's go, Donny. Okay. Oh, man. Good to see you. This is some place. [Deutsch] Oh, yeah. This is a really free, open place. You see the whole layout. Everything is open. Everything is kind of loose. So, you know, these guys are gonna have access to all this today. It's gonna be fun. Okay, so let's go. [Trump] Go ahead, sit down. Just pick a seat and sit down, everybody. All right, this is week two of your 13-week job interview. Now, advertising is an amazing thing. It's a powerful, powerful tool, weapon, and there's nothing like Madison Avenue. Last time you worked on lemonade. That's the basics. That's about as basic as it gets. This time you're gonna be working on corporate jets. You're gonna be developing a campaign for Marquis Jet Card. The winning team is going to be flown... by private jet tomorrow night... to Boston from New York for dinner. And as always, the losing team will face me in the boardroom... where the second person will be fired, Good luck. Have fun. Good to see you, man. we'll work 'em hard. - Good luck, folks. - [ Deutsch J All right, guys. As Donald said, you are selling the Marquis Jet Card. Basically, what this is Is somebody can buy a private jet by the hour. Now, the advertising assignment Is basically... at the minimum, we're gonna ask you to create... a 30-second TV commercial and a magazine ad. At Deutsch, you're gonna have access to all of our creative resources-- photographers, editors, illustrators, everything you could need to put anything on paper, to film anything, so that at the end of the day, you can come out with any piece of communication... to communicate what Marquis Jet is. Some other things. This is about big ideas. Don't be afraid to do it fresh, out of the box. Don't just do, “Oh, this is what an ad is supposed to look like.” The greatest advertising does it differently. The only thing I like to say to my people before I give them an assignment... is number one-- swing for the fences, and failure is not an option. Just say to yourself, “I'm winning this. Failure is not an option.” [Trump] Making deals can be tough. /learned at a young age that you have to deal with the boss. It's very simple. Deal with the boss wherever possible. [Freka] Here we go, guys. This is our time. We got challenged to produce aprint ad, acommercial, a proposal, and a media plan for Marquis Jet in 48 hours. So it was kind of scary. I'm gonna go call Marquis_fet and schedule a meeting. Mr. Austin. Hi, this is Amelia Henry, and I am working on your advertising campaign at Deutsch. How are you? [Amy] The value of actually meeting the people behind Marquis jet Is priceless... and is going to make us much more effective... at translating that message and that vision into reality. Thank you. Bye-bye. Okay, guys, so we have an appointment today... with the C.EO. and the senior vice president of marketing at 12:30. Here's what I recommend. We send two, maybe three, up there. - You guys continue brainstorming. -1 wanna go with you because I wanna develop that-- I wanna make sure that I provide that research background. I would like to recommend since we've got a local from New York, that you go, and I also think for the productivity of our group that, Omarosa, you should stay here. Because I think that it would be good for all of us since there's some tension. Believe me, I thought that was the most ineffective decision... that Amy could have made. She left her team without a timeline or a plan of action. I'm very happy about this. I feel so good about this. I really wanna fly to Boston on the corporate jet. The other women who were sitting around waiting as well thought we might as well get out of here too. [Kristi] We had no idea what to do, so all we knew was... we better get to the airport with a camera crew. You know what? What we should do is this. I'll have to be the floater. I'll go from back and forth. 1 think Nick, I think Bill need to do creative, okay? I think you guys should come up with, “Here's how we're gonna do it.” Come up with your print ads. Talk to who you need to talk to. Your're thinking corporate. You're thinking young and sleek. Come in the middle. Can 1 just interject real quick? These two gentlemen are our clients. We should really find out what they want to have accomplished. -[Kkwame] Who are our clients? - William J. Allard and Ken Austin. They are the one that have employed us to do their marketing campaign. We should find out what they want to have done. [Jason] Do I think we need to meet them? I don't think we need to. What are we seeing 'em for? I disagree with that. - What's the objection to meeting them? -1 think you should know what your customer wants. [Man] What do you hope to gain from the meeting? What questions would you ask them? Here's what we need to do. We're doing it right now. Okay, we don't have time to go and meet with them. - 1t's gonna take an hour. It's a waste of time. -[Troy] Jason said it would be a waste of time. If you're marketing for a client, how do you know what to market unless you talk to the client? Strategically, we needed to get guys out on the shoot. At that point I just said, “Go, now.” You guys go. Just go. we're fine. So we had four guys going out to the hangar. Nick, Bowie, Bill and Kwame to do the photo shoot. Sammy, myself and Troy were back at the home base. Who could I have sent to go to Marquis Jet? 23472342 Right here. Ladlies, I'd like to introduce you to Bill Allard, our CF.O. Hi, Bill. Nice to meet you. Ereka Vetrini. Ereka, how you doing? Amelia Henry. Amelia, how are you? Welcome. One of the reasons why you've been put on the Marquis case is to wow us. -[Amy] So there's nothing that's off limits? - No. [Amy] I was very pleased with the meeting. I think they thought we were very well prepared... with the right questions to ask. And I think I feel very confident that we can deliver. Absolutely. This is perfect. Yeah. Hello? Kristi? Hi, guys. Hold on one second. Here. Okay. Hey, what's going on? We made sure that Tammy very thoroughly understood... that which we were able to capture from the execs at Marquis Jet. That sounds great. We're gonna talk to you later. We gotta run now. Okay, bye. [ Tammy ] My design idea Is something that's very risky. I wanted to show a phallic symbol. Because it's a plane, and if you buy the Marquis Card, you're gonna go up-- you're gonna go way up. That's the way it's gonna be. It's gonna be bad. It's gonna be so bad that they're gonna love it. Because who would have the gall to bring something like this back to the table? It's pretty bold. [Omarosa] Tammy decided to build an entire print ad.. Based on this phallic symbol, which I think is probably the most disgusting approach... to such a quality and luxury type of service. Ft may offend the head of this ad agency. And more importantly, it may offend our client. We're not here doing asong and dance. No. Entertain Donny Deutsch with our work. I think you need to be serious business. He didn't seem like he wanted to have a song and dance. We'll mix serious with... funky. [Tammy] There's no in-between on this advertising campaign. Donny Deutsch, he's either gonna love it or he's either gonna hate it. [ Cell Phone Ringing ] - Hello? - I'm gonna give you an image we've been talking about here. Close your eyes and get this image. The guy who owns Net]ets, Warren Buffet, he lives in Omaha, Nebraska. - He's the second wealthiest man in America. - Sam, I know this. Right, right. Sam. Sam. Give me the Cliffs Notes version. We're running against the clock. Bill? Yeah, I'm here. Okay, do me a favor. Everybody's got a different style. I know. But, Sam, please, concentrate on this. I need this computer later. He kept trying to get attention, and I didn't have time for it. So there was a lot of times I said, “Shut up and go back to the task I assigned you.” Just keep doing this. [ Both Arguing ] This is like a couple of-- We're leading them in different directions. No, we're not. [Sam] Jason does not motivate, and that gets on my nerves. He says, “No, no, no, no, no, no.” And he was a project manager, had an opportunity to motivate, had an opportunity to cheer us on, be our cheerleader. Mr. Trump's been our cheerleader, Donny's been our cheerleader. Jason hasn't been our cheerleader. [Bill] We're here now. We'll call you and give you an update in about a half an hour. All right. All right, take care. You ask Sam what time it is, he tells you how to build a clock. The plane's here, and the camera's behind the plane. And then the car just pulling up like that. Handle the guy the card. Here's a briefcase. Gets right on. - That's brilliant. Excellent. - That is a great one. [ Nick ] Is that all right? Oh, that is a phenomenal idea. So let's get these shots in. It shows power. [Bill] Today was an example of good teamwork. We simultaneously did the print photos that we needed and the commercial. [Bill] I wanted to get the message across that it was a Netfet, the Marquis Card, the amazing fleet they have and that it was very safe and convenient. And I think we're really delivering our messagetoa “T” in a tactful classy way. Victory. Victory for the men. I"m looking forward to riding on this plane tomorrow night going to Boston. Tammy's testicle ad may compromise our ability... to win this task. 1 have to say, Omarosa, this is sexy. I think these look like legs, and you figure out what the middle is. 1 decided that we were gonna stay with a message that Tammy had defined, which was more kind of... the “go out and shock with a little bit of sexuality.” I decided to make that consistent through our campaign. [Amy] [ think it works. 1 love them all. I know that Mr. Trump is looking at everything we do, that Carolyn and George are looking over our shoulders. This is the testicle ad. This is a testosterone-driven ad. [Omarosa] 1/ have a pretty good read that they are not pleased. I can just read that in their faces. [Jason] Change the location of Marquis and the credit card. That's what I would do. Working together with everybody the last couple of days, Sam was the biggest problem. And I assigned him small tasks. [Bowie ] It downloaded twice. We can use 'em though. It's good. [Bowie ] Tell me where, 'cause right now 1l just do what you think. [Jason] Put the card down there. Start with one. Enlarge that. Go into that one. I've already got it. It's right here. [Jason] Based on what I do in real life, I've gotta stick to a principle. My principle is if somebody's late on their rent, then I have to get 'em out. If this was the real world, 1 would have fired Sam the minute he fell asleep. 1 don't want somebody like that on my team. Ten minutes, ladies. Ten minutes. Get excited. [Amy] The team has made a decision that it's more than just a product that sells the deal. It's the full experience. And so we plan to... wear flight attendant suits and to create that full experience... from the time we walk into the door. [ Deutsch] Hey, guys. Hi. First let me introduce the folks on either side of me. To my right is Linda Sawyer, who is our managing partner. On my left is Peter Gardner, the media director. So we got two serious pros here. So let's go. We decided to employ a campaign... that incorporated a marketing mix with magazine, newspaper. In addition to that, we decided to do direct mail. The only thing about that is research will tell you with direct mail people do toss it. That's why we used the artistic approach. It's gonna capture their eye and not want them to toss it. - Okay, it better be real good-- -1t's damn good. Okay. It's damn good. What else do you need to know? [Omarosa] Let me show you our direct mail campaign. Look at this piece of artwork. Would you toss that? I'm not gonna say what I think of that. I don't know what you want me to think of it, but I'm kind of thinking it, but okay. Again, very simple, very elegant, very sassy, and strategic-- strategic-- [Laughing] And we can utilize these in newspapers. And this is our newspaper ad. Now we're gonna toss to Heidi, who's gonna talk with you about our broadcast strategies. - Our commercial-- -1 like the lean. That's like-- That's like up there with “damn good,” but okay. Our commercial, it's simple. But you know what? Here's the thing. We're gonna leave the client wanting more. [Heidi] We used ourselves. It's just our personality. You can have the greatest presentation, but if you can't present it well, it's worthless. [Jet Engines Droning ] [Jet Soaring By ] No, you gotta wait for the client to applaud. So with that, what we've really focused on today is sex appeal and, I think we saw it on your face, a little bit of shock value. All right, guys, you've set the women's movement back about 70 years, all right? Good luck. We'll see you in a little while, all right? [Bowie ] What if we did this? - Justset it up. Justset it up. - [ All Chattering ] [ Nick ] Right before the presentation, people running around like chickens with their heads cut off. It was frenzy. Jason wanted me to go up there and give Kwame some feedback. There's just two things. You can walk around, but I've always found that if you ground the energy, and you present like this and this-- I am the Zen master of presentations. This is what I do day in and day out. And now you're focusing the energy. I"m with you. I'm with you. Marquis Jets, redefining first class. Close the deal. There you go. Hey, guys. Marquis Jets, redefining first class. This will be one of our main print ads. Emphasis on the Marquis Card, Emphasis on the executive business traveler. There's no question. /saw it in his eyes. He was impressed with what we did. [Jason] Our objective in this campaign is to inspire motivation... and expand consumer awareness through a targeted advertising campaign. [Jason] Our campaign stuck to its guns from beginning to the end. I thought it was the right campaign for the client. [ Woman On TV ] when my husband's traveling for business, I no longer have to worry. Knowing that he's flying with the Marquis Jet Card, it's the only card that allows him access to the Netfets, a world-class fleet of aircraft. The NetJets fleet-- it doesn't get any better than this. [Man] I feel good! I hope you enjoyed your flight. I'd like to present you with a parting gift. Please consider a first-class cigar. Ah, the tchotchkes. - Pass one to your colleagues and friends. - Great. Good job, guys, really. Thanks, guys. First of all, I thought they both were pretty good. But what's staggering is how contrary-- how different. I think the first group, the women's group, they were definitely a little bit sharper, more insightful in the way they spoke about the work. The male group, I think, was a little bit generic. And if I"m hiring people, I think I'd go with the women's group. [ Think the men had a little more steak, and the women had a little more sizzle. And I think if you're gonna pick who landed on the best business solution, I think the men. Interesting. Honestly, I'm really torn. It's really interesting. Um-- [ think I know what the recommendation that I'm gonna make. So let's get the big guy on the phone. Bring 'em in. Let's go. We're ready. Everybody get comfortable. Okay, guys. - Action time. Let's get Donald on the phone. - [ Dial Tone Humming ] [Ringing ] Donald? - Hi, Donny. - Hey, man, I gotta tell you. I was really, really split. Guys, a lot of effort went into that. But I missed that big idea. It lacked that one thing to take away that really would have wowed me. You guys, I question the idea, frankly, but 1 applaud the bigness of the thinking. I like that swinging for the fences. I like that excitement. At the end of the day, Donald, I always say... when you're buying an ad agency, you're buying people. [Trump] Right. We're gonna go with the women. [Trump] For the women, as a reward tonight, the women are gonna hop on a jet, you're going up to Boston to a great restaurant. You're gonna have dinner. The men, unfortunately, also did well, but they lost. There won't be any dinner. There won't be any private jet. And I'm gonna see you in the boardroom, and I'm gonna fire somebody. One, two, three. Boston! Oh, my freaking God. [ All Cheering, Chattering ] [Tammy] Ladies, we must toast. To us and this incredible experience we're all going through together. [ All Cheering ] [Amy] I've never been more excited, because I think we came from this, like, distress and dysfunction and disorganization to triumph. - [ High-pitched ] Look it, you guys. - Whoo! [Amy] Congratulations! [All Cheering ] [Tammy] What do you think the men are thinking right now? Can you imagine trying so hard and still losing? Jason, who do you think Mr. Trump's going to fire tomorrow? - Sam, shut up for a second. - He has the right to not answer. -1I"m just saying-- - I'm asking you, give me a name-- Sam, can I-- [ Beeps ] finish? I"m telling you I"m not gonna answer you. No matter what you say to me, 'm not gonna answer. Here's an all-guarantee to you. Somebody's getting fired tomorrow. That's a guarantee. [ Kristi ] When [ got off the jet, I thought I better start thinking this is my jet. It was a taste of the Trump lifestyle, and it was... a teaching tool of you have to want those things... and aspire to those things if you wanna be like Trump. Oh, you're so helpful. Great. You came to the right place. Everything is delicious. Holy-- [Troy] Sammy, what are you doing? The girls come home, and the place is burned down. Thank you. [ Waiter] You're welcome. [ All] Cheers. To us. To our next business venture. [All] Yeah! It's about 3:00 or 4:00 in the morning. And we have been up since 6:00 in the morning. I had a splitting headache. We're exhausted, 1 just pleaded, “You guys, just keep it down.” Please. There'll be times when you'll want some quiet time. And they decided to get louder. They just collectively decided. Hey, you know, let's disregard what she says. [ All Chattering ] I'll give it back a hundred times and there'll be-- [ Beeps ] [Freka] The girls were talking and chatting, and I passed out. They woke me up and they were piling out of the limo. And Omarosa was still sleeping. [ think someone had tapped her, been like, “Get up.” - And she started going nuts. - Stay outta my face. I didn't say anything though. For you to say that it should require me to say something. -1 was passed out falling asleep. - [ Ereka ] She's trying to make me her prey. She's done it to Tammy and she's done it to me. When I'm attacked flike that, I don't have anything else to do but to go back at her. Now I'm done. You threatened me. It's over. [ Tried so hard today to stay outta your way because of the team. Go cryin a corner. - Not because I'm scared of you. Know that now. -1 know you're scared. Being a bitch is gonna be your problem. You have to live with that for the rest of your life. [Omarosa] [ called her a baby. [ told her to go in the corner... and get her pacifier and her blanket and go cry which is what she always does. I am not talking to you. I am talking. If you don't like it, I don't give a-- [ Beeps ] You're emotionally unstable. That is like calling the kettle black. See, there you go with your racist terms. - What was that you said about black people? - Nothing. No, I didn't say anything about black. I'm talking about you. Try to contain your prejudice, okay? Yourre very intimidated by black women, right? [ Omarosa ] I don't think that they've ever been around a strong African-American woman to be quite frank. I'm gonna fight back. I'm gonna just keep pushing strong and focusing on the goal. I was told, “You're the outsider,” and that was very clear. Because she has like this amazing anger. Seven out of eight of these girls are phenomenal. We do not need her. Which kind of motivates me to get back on the game. They're strategizing to get me out, and I'm strategizing to stay in. Before we go into the boardroom tonight, can you give me something that I can really use? I don't really wanna talk about this right now. It scares me to think that Donald Trump... could just get a gut feeling and say, “Sammy's gotta go.” We gotta make arule. In the basketball court, no talkin'. [Troy] Sammy's gonna have a cardiac arrest. That guy's heart's going a mile a minute. 'M worried about him. 'm a little bit worried about the guy. Sam, the man, you need to relax. Sit up for a second, Close your eyes. Deep breath in. Now think of Sammy in the city, and erase that image. Now Sammy's the country kid. Thinkin' about doin' a little fishin'. You think about just kickin' back. You got the mountains behind ya. Everything's fine. Relax. Be the country kid. Be the hat. Thank you, Troy. You're welcome, buddy. It would not really affect us too much if Sam got fired. At this point, I don't know who else 1 would pick to go in there with me. It's a really tough decision because the rest of the guys really put their necks on the line. They really went above and beyond, Good man, Sammy. I can see you're still in the country. [Kwame ] Jason made an executive decision. We didn't go and talk to the president of Net]ets. And it cost us big time in the task. [Bill] It was shameful, really, for us not to tap into that resource. Donald Trump's gonna call him out on it. [Woman] Good luck, you guys. [ Elevator Bell Dings ] - Hello, fellas. - Hello, sir. Well, here we go again. Jason, what happened? Well, we put together a phenomenal package. Unfortunately, it wasn't the one that they wanted, Okay, fellas, what do you think of your team leader, Jason? Jason's a great second-half quarterback. I think we're a second-half team. [Trump] Go ahead, Nick. I think Jason performed well, especially the way we started off. Midway through, he took the reins, he took charge, made quick decisions, "cause we had to get things in under certain timelines. And I thought he performed well. His choices were well thought out. Are you saying that because you don't want Jason to pick you as one of the two? Not one bit. I thought his decisions were real sharp and well thought out. Sam, do you think Jason was good or terrible? I don't think Jason was good. I don't think he was terrible. - Are those the only two options? - I'll bet he chooses you because of that statement as one of the two. -1 am confident that he will choose me. - [Men Chuckle] All right, Kwame, if you had to choose somebody that did really a bad job, who do you think you'd choose? I don't think there's someone who necessarily led us down the wrong path. 1 think, yes, we should have talked to the president. The original decision was made by the team leader not to call, not to meet. -1 think that was a terrible decision. - That was the team leader's decision. [ Think that's a terrible decision. If you had met with the president face-to-face, you would have known he wanted a flashier campaign. It's time now, Jason. As project manager, I"m holding you partially responsible. But pick two people who you think contributed to your failure as a team. Who are they? Okay. I would say the first one is Sam. As ateam leader, the only thing that really insulted me, someone was asleep on the job. - And that was Sam. - And that was Sam. Now, pick number two. Sam was the easy one, guys. Um-- - 1I'd probably pick Nick. - Nick? Wow. That's surprising. He was very nice to you. He said you were a wonderful guy. He said you did a good job. -1 thought that was very smart of Nick. - Why Nick? I can honestly tell you that this is a tough decision-- -[Trump] Other than Sam. - Other than Sam. You could say that's disloyal. Nick, do you think you made a mistake in defending him? No, I believe he did do a good job. I'm curious to know why-- I'm curious too. I can't figure that one out. So you picked Nick and you picked Sam. You four, Bill, Kwame, Troy, Bowie, go back up to the suite. You three, Nick, Jason and Sam, go out and we'll call you back when we're ready. One of you is gonna get fired, as you know. - [ Troy ] Thank you, Mr. Trump. - [ Trump] Thank you. Thank you, Carolyn. Thank you, George. [Trump] What do you think, George? 1'm looking at the overall goal. Your're looking for somebody that's gonna be an apprentice in our organization. I cannot for the life of me visualize Sam in that type of position. I think he's gonna get some company in huge trouble, or he's gonna take some company to a level they never knew about. I agree. But he is not the reason that this particular event failed. This, to me, is a harder choice than the first one. - It's your decision. -1t is my decision. Let's bring 'em in. Let's see what happens. Okay. Robin, let them come in, please. Okay, Mr. Trump. Okay, you can go in now. Excuse me, Mr. Trump. Can I have a chance to defend myself? Yes. You look angry walking into the room, actually. And the answer is “yes.” Go ahead. May I stand up? Yes. Mr. Trump, George, Carolyn, I've come here to win; I've come here to earn the apprenticeship through performance. Now, I have no idea why he's choosing me... on these grounds specifically. At the end of the day, I was asked to critique the performance of the overall presentation. If you ask Kwame, I gave him a crash course in public speaking. ls that true? Yes. Yes, it is true. Then, with that being said, if I'm not capable of having the apprenticeship, why are you asking me to do these responsible things? I would just like it for it to be backed up. - Go ahead. - Nick, I had to make a decision. - Why? Why did you choose me? - Why did I choose you? - Because it has to be somebody. -[Trump] So, Nick, you're very angry at Jason. 1 guess the biggest problem 1 have with you picking Nick... is he was the one guy that really defended you. So there's a little disloyalty there. But that's the way life is. Nick, you're gonna get used to that. - Absolutely. -1 have to be honest with you. You might as well sit down, "cause you're not gonna be thrown out anyway. -[Nick] Thank you. -/ was a little surprised you were picked. But it doesn't matter because I"m gonna make the decision. You're not gonna be thrown out, okay? - Thank you. - So now we're down to these two. - Go ahead, Sam. Say. - Jason's making a lot of mistakes. He's showing a high capacity for making mistakes. Don't you think he did make the mistake of not meeting with the president? - Absolutely. - Sam, didn't you sleep through most of this? No, I did not sleep. He was curled up on the side of the floor. He constantly was complaining-- In the fetal position? - In the fetal position. -[Sam] This is good, This is great. Now Nick's laughing, which I love when he laughs. Don't-- Nick, don't say anything. You're not gonna be chosen. Don't blow it. Sit there. Be good. You look like a West Point cadet. If you say something, who knows? But these two are fighting for their life. - Okay, go ahead. -1 don't think I'm fighting for my life here, Mr. Trump. I think you're fighting for your life. I think you should be fighting for your life. In many respects, you've been a disaster, Sam. Jason. Sam, when I asked you to get something done, you couldn't get it done. And I gave you one small job the whole day. One job the whole day, and you fell asleep doing it. - You fell asleep doing it. - Nick, do you remember? Nick was not there. It was Troy and you. And you fell asleep doing that job. I'm not trying to attack you, Sam, but when you say I'm a bad leader, if I have another opportunity... to become a leader and it's a little bit earlier than when we're crunched for time, I would have taken this home, no doubt in my mind. And 'm not saying it was just that. But you're focusing on the fact that I didn't meet with the president personally. That's a big fact. That's a big fact. Itis. - 1tis, Mr. Trump. - You've just learned a big lesson. I did. I did learn a lesson. Now, I have to say, Sam, you're sort of a disaster. 1 don't know what's going on. And don't take offense. -1 don't take offense. - Don"t take offense. I mean, everyone hates you. Everyone-- -1 don't think they hate me. - Pretty close. - Okay. - Some hate. Some hate. So far you've got no respect from anybody. Would you say that's a correct statement, Nick? - I'd say that's correct. - Pretty close, right? - See how quiet he is now? He's very happy. - He's a role model for me, Mr. Trump. He's a great guy. And I happen to think he's a great guy. You I haven't figured out yet. The problem is, Jason, that you made the mistake of not meeting with the president. - And you made a mistake. - Mr. Trump, I'm sorry to interrupt you-- Jason. Jason, this is a tough one. You're fired. Go ahead, fellas. Hit the elevator. Have a good evening, all three of you. Take care. [Trump] Jason is a spectacular young man, who [ think is gonna be tremendously successful, who didn't deal with the boss. And that's why he was fired, -1 gotta tell you. That was a tough one. -1 agree. But you know what? It's gonna get a lot tougher. It will. I just hope whoever the next team leader is... can overcome this two-man loss... and deal with... Sam. 1 wish 'em all luck. It was fun while it lasted, I just wanna let Donald Trump know... I enjoyed myself with you. And I would definitely look for me in the future, whether 'm working for you or not, you know. Give me five years and I'll have my first building. And then we'll talk. I'll call you direct. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 