The Apprentice: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Apprentice 
 s1e7 - Dupe-lex - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Apprentice (2004–2017): Season 1, Episode 7 - Dupe-lex - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Trump] Previously on The Apprentice, the teams were challenged to negotiate with celebrities for a charity auction. Bill took the lead as project manager of Versacorp, and Omarosa led Protégé. Receipts, everybody. But it didn't take long for Protégeé... to realize Omarosa was in control. - Let me speak to Kwame. - What's the number? Let's talk when we get together. [ Kwame] Omarosa, please give us the-- Hello? [Trump] Things began to get flirtatious between Nick and Amy. If Amy and I weren't in a game, I would probably take her down... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 to the local soda shop and share a soda with her. [Tump] The auction raised $75,000 and proved to be a huge success for the charity-- - Sold! - [ People Whooping ] But a failure for Protégé. The bottom line, Jessie, is that I thought you were the weakest negotiator by far. -1 disagree with that. - You were horrible yesterday. [Trump] The boardroom immediately became heated when Omarosa insulted Heidi. - How did Heidi do? -1 will tell you that I haven't always been a fan of Heidi. I haven't always thought that she was professional, nor does she have much class. I have a lot of class. I have one of the biggest clients in the country. [Trump] But Omarosa's rudeness was overshadowed by Jessie's failure as a negotiator. You were the lead, Jessie. Please take responsibility for your actions. - [Jessie ] I was the lead. - Do you like Omarosa, the way she just talked to you? - Do like Omarosa. - She knocks you, and you're saying how much you like her. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 1 didn't like what she was doing, and it was repulsive to me, but worse was the way you took it. Please, please don't-- I have no choice. I have no choice, and I have to say that you're fired. [Trump] Ten candidates are left. Who will be fired this week? & So you wanna be the next big thing ;* o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> . You wanna be a spotlight Ah, you wanna be o They'll put you on the front page Wanna see the bright lights ,» & Ah, you wanna see J That millionaire money, money o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> . You wanna have a jet plane Ah, you wanna have & Your face on the big screen You wanna have ;2 & A big yacht Oh, you wanna have > ♪ Your very own TV show J Wanna have a penthouse Ah, you wanna have & Your name on a building Wanna have a spotlight ,» AR, you're gonna have J That millionaire money, money o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o ING, 113, 113, 113, 137" In your opinion, between Jessie and Heidi, who do you think it will be? [ Troy 7 It's g tough one. It may be Jessie, Heidi or Omarosa. Yeah, it may be Omarosa. - We're home. -1 hear Heidi. - [Heidi ] Hello. - [Kwame ] You're back. [ Whooping, Applause ] - How you guys doing? - [Omarosa ] Hi, everybody. They attacked my character. It was back-- I mean, it was heat. There was some heat. It got hot, but I'm here. [ Chattering ] But I'm here. - It got ugly. -1t got really ugly. That's what I"m saying. It got really ugly. - She called me unclassy and unprofessional. - Just, hello? [Heidi] You never called me unclassy and unprofessional before, ever! Ever! I have called you unprofessional. Maybe to the camera. You never called it to my face. - Well, now I have. - Didn't he say it's repulsive? Whatever. I'm still here. [Heidi ] The fact she made that comment in front of Donald Trump-- “Heidi does a fantastic job, and she's unclassy and unprofessional.” She made herself look completely unprofessional. If anything, Omarosa, on every task, has sat on her ass. [ Phone Ringing ] - Hello. - Hi. Good morning. It's Rhona in Mr. Trump's office. He wanted me to have you meet him at Trump Park Avenue at 9:00 a.m. Thank you. How are we doing here? We're doing great. I'm very pleased with the progress. The workmanship is incredible. Get it done, okay? Hello, folks. As you know, Protégé has been decimated. Your've lost two people. You've lost nobody. You haven't lost any event. So I'm gonna give you now two minutes to pick a new person. Where's the person gonna come from? From Versacorp. You get together right now-- all four. You have to pick one from this group. That way we'll have two teams of five. Do it right now. Two minutes. [ Whispering ] All right. We're ready, Mr. Trump. We'd like to elect Amy. [Trump] Amy, you go over here. - Bye Aim. How do you feel about switching teams, Amy? - I'm ready to win. - [ Trump ] All right. Now we're on my turf. This is real estate. I'm renovating this building. When I'm finished, I'm gonna sell the individual units to very rich people. The most expensive apartment Is a penthouse for $35 million. 1'm gonna have you do something on a slightly smaller scale. We have two apartments. They're located in Brooklyn. The project managers will be shown both apartments by a Realtor, and then they will negotiate which apartment they want. Each team is gonna renovate and then rent the apartment. The one that rents the apartment for the highest rent... and, proportionately, the most dollars, that's gonna be the team that wins. The losing team will see me back at the boardroom, and that means somebody will be getting fired. As usual, two of my associates, Bernie and Carolyn, will be monitoring your progress. You have 72 hours to complete this task. You need to be done by 5:00 on the last day. - Good luck, everybody. - Thank you. [ Chattering ] I"m so glad you're on the team. Yea! I think they chose me because I'm the one person from the other team... that gets along well with Omarosa, even though I don't really like her. I was lobbying. I wanted you. [Nick] I wasn't too surprised when they chose Amy. I was bummed out. She's a great girl. Very, very pretty, and she's intelligent as well. She reminds me of my mom. [ Chattering ] - [ Clatter] - [ Omarosa ] Ouch! - Oh, my God! - Who is that? It was Sheetrock that fell. [ Heidi ] Oh, my God! Omarosa had a little piece of plaster fall on her head. Whether or not she was actually hurt, it didn't appear to be that threatening of an injury that occurred, Holy-- Oh, my God! I do have a little bit of a headache, but I'm a trooper. See those rocks? Look at that. Ready? Let's go. The Realtor's waiting for you. The project manager from each team came down to Brooklyn to decide... which apartment they wanted for their respective teams. [Katrina ] Real estate is basically my life. I've learned so much from things gone bad. After Mr. Trump announced what the task entailed, we decided as a group that I would be a project manager, because of my expertise in the real estate field. God, this is my passion. In this business, you have so many highs and lows. That's what's so easy about the business, and that's why I love it. [Troy] Katrina knows real estate. She's sharp as a whip. That girl knows what she's doing. [ think she's gonna be a fantastic adversary. So there's a lot of pressure on my shoulders, and I'm the project manager. 'M Troy, and this is Katrina. Troy. I'm Katrina Campins. Pleasure to meet you. The real estate agent gave Troy and l... a tour of the apartment on Court Street. There's no maintenance fees. This is the main living area. [Katrina ] Okay. This is an open kitchen and living room. You guys gonna clean that up, yeah? The real estate agent then took us over to Third Street... and gave us a tour of that apartment as well, This is an apartment that has the old school charm of a brownstone. These are the original pumpkin pine floors... which a lot of people are just in love with. We had to negotiate between the two of us... what apartment each of us would be getting. You walk in here, and it looks like an absolute disaster-- the second one. However, if you have vision, you could do a lot more with the second one. [Bill] That's the key. That's it, Katrina. Then you've answered your own question. That's the way to go. The more I talk about it, the more I really want the second one. - I'm hoping he's not gonna go for it. - My gut tells me Third Street. - You guys tell me what you think. - [ Amy] Third Street. Third Street. [Amy] Gut feel, That's what I think. [Troy] I had overheard her already saying she wanted Third Street. I was also on the phone with my team. They told me to hold strong to that property. - I'll let you go first and make your offer. - Why don't you just tell me which one you want? I'll give you 10 seconds, and then we"ll just go straight to the house. Why don't you write-- Nine seconds, eight seconds-- You write on a piece of paper which apartment you want, and I'll do it. If they're the same, we'll talk again. Why don't you do that? That's fair enough. I've got a coin. I feel good with the coin. You don't feel confident in your decision? I feel confident in my decision. I just want you to make the offer. Are you relying on my expertise? Okay, we'll write it on a piece of paper. I gotta hang up the phone. Country-boy charm's not gonna work for this one. - I'll write down what I want. - Okay, you write down what you want, and I'll write down what I want. [Troy] She says to me, like we're in third grade, “You write on a piece of paper what you want. “I'll write on a piece of paper what I want. We'll change papers, open them up and start from there.” - Ready? You wrote it down? -1 wrote it down. By God, I wrote, “I want exactly what you want.” Kinda gigglin' inside, laughin', goin, That's gonna get her goat. That's gonna get her fumin' a little bit. That's not ethical. I thought you were an honest man. 1 want what you want. [Katrina ] [ think Troy is a sleazeball. [ think he's despicable. He's the most dishonest person I've ever met. - Be a man and stand up to what you said. - Be a woman-- I'm a woman, and I will stick to my ground. Be a woman and slow your emotions down. [Troy] She was absolutely unwilling to negotiate. So at that point, it comes down to the coin toss. - Katrina, what is it that you want? - Heads. Troy? By default, I take tails. Thank you. I'll take-- We all saw what it was. This particular one right here. It's despicable. I"m just sick to my stomach right now. It came to a coin toss, and, of course, he got the one that I wanted. You don't even begin to understand. Katrina's used to this country bumpkin who's always nice, but I also have another side to me. It's the side that feeds me and my wife and my family. He's fueled me to the point where he is not gonna win this. Oh, she's mad as a wet hen. [ Chattering ] [Freka] Oh, what is this? This thing is unrentable, completely undesirable. Oh, my God, the toilet! [Tammy] We've only got a couple days to completely renovate, furnish and rent it. It's gonna be a big challenge. This is gonna be the hardest thing we've ever done. Can you just run off to me the different things you're thinking about doing? - [ Katrina ] Paint is huge. - We prioritized what we needed to do. We're planning on repainting everything. Rip out the kitchen cabinets. Put new cabinets in. This place, it's gonna be dynamite. - Look at that bathroom. - You think this is bad? I wish you had seen the other one. [Door Opens ] [ Shouts Of Approval ] - [Omarosa ] 1 like the color. - [Amy ] Oh, my goodness. Oh, the bathroom is so crusty! [ Heidi] That bathroom is the most disgusting thing I've ever seen. It's crusty, and it's disgusting. There's living things on it, and I am not going near that bathroom. [Kwame ] We got work to do. [ Chattering ] Can we come in here? We're already winning. Ladies! [Amy] 1'd be in the middle of painting the bathroom, while somebody else is in the middle of painting the trim, and then we'd have to break, meet together... and determine which tasks needed to be completed. [Omarosa] We have a significant list of things to do, which includes, really quickly, completing painting-- Why did we have to break up from what we were doing... to talk about what we needed to be doing-- was what we were doing? The living room has been completed, but needs some small touch-ups. The kitchen needs to be painted, and so we just really need.. To stay to a timeline and get our tasks done. We have meetings for meetings' sake. [ Think it's because Omarosa didn't want to get down and dirty. Today was good. We worked hard, We came up with a plan, tried to execute our end. [ Heidi] Hey, Dad. How are you? Oh, my God! Yeah. [ Sniffling ] [ Indistinct ] Don't be strong for me. I don't want you to get upset that I'm calling. I really don't-- Heidi found out that her mother has been diagnosed with stage one colon cancer, and she anticipated the worst. This doesn't matter. If you want me to leave, you tell me. [ Sobbing] Heidi's in a tough, tough boat. To make that decision to go-- I wouldn't want to be in her shoes. [ Really feel bad for her, and 1 know she's an emotional lady. I feel bad for the choices she's gonna have to make. I don't know. I don't know. Okay. I won't. I won't! I"m gonna be fine. It's just, I wish you guys had told me. All right. [Trump] Many times, you hear the expression that “God is in the details.” When people come in to buy something, especially very rich people, they see details. If something's wrong, they see it, and it reflects in the price. Let me see what that looks like. That's why I'm up early in the morning to check every detail of my construction sites. What is that? [ Trump 7 It's g little brr like, watch somebody sell their used car and not wash it. You can spend $10 washing the car and get another $200 for the car. I've seen guys selling cars that are dirty, and I say, “That guy is a loser.” It's gonna be a great store when they're finished. [Jackhammering Continues ] [ Ereka ]I had three hours sleep, and their drills woke me up. I'm exhausted. Today, I felt a little bit frustrated, 'cause I wanted to do more on the marketing side. What are the numbers you want me to post this at as far as rent's concerned? [ Nick] I wouldn't say 1,800. Let's do 1,600. Yeah, or 1,700. 1,650. The assignment is to take the apartment, renovate it and rent it for the highest dollar you can rent it for. There's a very good chance that these apartments will not get rented in the next two days. Based on what Ereka says, who lives in the city, isn't it hard to find apartments, and people just buy right away? They're all out there. There's so much inventory. There is a high probability we will not get this thing rented. Tammy doesn't usually agree with anybody. She kind of does her own thing. Here's a scenario where nothing happens, no one gets rented. There's four people that are going in one direction, then there's Tammy out in left field. I guarantee that's the highest probability. [ disagree with that. Can you go to the other team then? "Cause you're setting us up to lose. No, no, no. My mom's doing well, She's getting operated on this week, and hopefully will be well. She wants me here, and I wanna be here. To be honest, it's keeping me busy, it's keeping me focused. You just have to be positive and strong, "cause I have to be strong for her. [Omarosa] ! just need a second. My head is a little-- [ Kwame ] Okay, hold on a second. Amy, just like all of you, I had to endure the banging, but that was on top of an already hurting head. Omarosa was fine for a while, and then she discovered that her head hurt more than she'd expected. I think it was a minor bump on the head, but she used it as an excuse not to pull her weight. I really could give a-- [ Beep] about her. Whatever she says does not bother me. I think she's worthless and useless. Gonna play basketball? Can I play with you? I'm gonna go off, and all I'm gonna say is-- [ Troy] Okay. If that goes in the boardroom, I will bring everything on the table. She's been sitting on her ass. Oh! [ Chuckles ] [Katrina ] This is Bill. He's helping us out. How are you? Hello. Sal? Sam. Katrina had one of the biggest scores of the whole task. She scored a general contractor to come in with his crew. He's gonna do the kitchen and the bathroom. What? Yeah. Think we could've gotten him to do that? Not a chance in hell. [ Both Laugh] It's a woman's world we're livin' in, Nick. It really is. The general contractor, I believe, is only costing us $1,500. For everything! It's ridiculous! [Bill] Here comes our cabinetry now. I think you have more cabinets than wall space. [Tammy] Oh, my gosh! What's going on over here? Do you mind if I redo part of this wall? It looks terrible. Wait. When it dries, you'll see. That's gonna dry like that. No, it will not. You promise me. I'll bet you $50. Tammy didn't seem to be on the same page as everyone else. [Sam] It's a 2,000. You spend 400. Where's my 1007 - Tammy, where's the other 1007 - How much is there? This is 1,500. You told me 1,600. How much did we say? Tammy has very good intentions. However, we're trying to focus in on accomplishing our priorities, and she's convoluting the message, and it's slowing us down, and it's a little frustrating. I"m really scared that Tammy's, like, gonna scare Sam. Can he do that half then? ls that okay? No, uh, we can't. I told her. I go, “Please don't talk to Sam.” Right. So let me make sure that she-- Let's put her in that room. She needs to clean the floors. Tammy adds absolutely no value to the team. She only creates obstacles, and I feel like I have to babysit her. She's the craziest of us all, so just tell her to leave you alone. [ Laughs] "Cause she drives you crazy. This unit, it's incredible. We've got probably $20,000 worth of work for not a lot of money. [Katrina ] My expertise in real estate definitely paid off. I can't imagine that Troy would have even been able to come close... to the quality of work that I produced. 'M feeling excited. 'm feeling really good that the place is coming together. [ Heidi] When I first saw it, [ thought the place was disgusting. We did what we had to do. You know what? You gotta work with what you have. [Troy] Now is the moment of truth for us. We have to get it rented. We need to beat them. [Kwame ] All right, This is our main area here. This is the den. It's a one-bedroom plus den. What's the dog's name? The dog's name is Jessie Coulter. Uh-oh. This just got done two hours ago, 50 this'll be dry in four hours. Would you like us to take your information, and maybe we can call you and let you know how it's going? I think the key is to rent-- rent it for anything. 1 think we'll take first come, first served at this point. Welcome, everyone. We need to get out of here, 50 Bill can be here by himself. Yes. [ Bill ] The open house just started, Katrina thought I would be the best guy to be the pseudo-agent. I feel comfortable doing it. It's just, there's a lot of pressure. Hi. Are you guys all going into the open house... for an apartment? No, no, no. Okay. - [ Bill ] While I'm up here, people ought to stay in front of the building. - [ All Talking At Once] - [ Ereka ] We're getting virtually no traffic. -[ Bill ] We don't need five people in this apartment right now. - We need to be out there getting people in. - We just came in for five minutes. If1 have a little hint of something-- I'm not hard of hearing. Please be quiet. How is this gonna help get the apartment rented right now? Answer that question. [Bill] It's 2:15, so we have three hours left to get someone's credit approved... and get them into a lease. So by 3:00, I'm gonna be in operation panic mode. [Bill] We wanna work it out, figure this out, "cause you're one of the first people through. It's 4:15 now, and we have a potential tenant upstairs. What's your-- What can you-- I don't know what you're thinking of. Canyou do 1,600? [ Exhales Forcefully] Oh, man. I mean, you're getting thousands of dollars' worth of stuff for free. So when you amortize, dollar-cost average it-- Right. - Canyoudo, like, 1,6507 - Okay. We just signed a lease. Exactly a 10% markup. We rented the place for 1,650 a month. [ Chuckles ] Thank you very much. [ Chuckling ] We're done. Whoo! Whoo-hoo. Awesome. That's it, baby. [Bill] Obviously, in the back of my mind, it's lingering that the other team... is gonna rent out the apartment for a higher percentage than we did. But I feel that the likelihood of that occurring is low. [Troy] We can't keep showing it, guys, because-- [Heidi] 1 know. [Troy] Yeah, we're done. We're out of time, basically. We have to clean up before we leave. [Amy] Hello. - I'm Troy. - Hi. Nice to meet you. What are y'all looking at, apartments today, obviously? Yes, indeed. - [ Troy ] How soon are you looking at getting into a place? -[ Woman ] As soon as possible. As soon as possible? Yeah. - Is this something you're interested in? - Absolutely. I've been looking a lot. - Have you? - Yeah. Sure enough, I think that the stars were aligned right. We signed the papers. She was meant to be the person that occupied the apartment. Congratulations for leasing the apartment. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Thank you very much. I appreciate it too. [Kwame ] We rented the place. I felt like we got the monkey off our back. We felt confident. We weren't sure if the other team had rented their place. I felt like we did a great job, so [ was really happy. I can't believe we rented this place. [ Shrieks ] Everything I do, every action I take, 1 always think, “What will my family think?” Heidi. You have done a fantastic job. I know I have. Thank you. - You have pulled through. - I always do this for my family. I'm very proud of our job. I want you to look at me for a second. You've got paint all in your hair, 50 go check it out. I don't care. I"m a hard-ass girl. You've done fantastic. - I've had a headache for three days. -[ Tammy ] What's the damage though? It's just a little tender. What? [ Shouts ] What time is it? You talk so-- [ Beep] loud! [Katrina ] Omarosa got a bump on the head and created a drama series out of it whereas Heidi found out that her mom was diagnosed with cancer... and was so incredibly classy about it. [ Told her this will only fuel her, and it did just that. Oh! [ Nick] We woke up. We were confident walking into the boardroom. I wasn't nervous at all. Maybe it's a positive attitude. Maybe it's craziness. I don't know. [Troy] I'm the project manager. If we win, I'm excited. If we lose, there's a lot of burden on my shoulders. [Katrina ] If we did win, I'm really, really excited to see Troy's face. The work we've done in the apartment is unbelievable. The only way Troy could've won is by pure luck. Let's get right to it. Give me the results. - Carolyn, do you have the results? - I'll go with Versacorp. I will say that I think they did a phenomenal job on the renovation. Bravo. Really, I mean that. They did rent the apartment. The original rent for the apartment was $1,500. They leased it for 1,650, an increase of 10%, - Good. Bernie? - I'm gonna have to agree with Carolyn. However, Protégé started with a $1,200 base lease, rented it at the last moment for $1,525, which is 327% increase, so, clearly, Protégé won. Nice work, Protégé. You guys won. You won. But there's more. Troy didn't play by the rules of the game. You mean, picking the apartments? Do you think he was unethical or not? -1 think he was extremely unethical. -[ Ereka ] I don't think he was leading. - [ Think he didn't know what he wanted, - He didn't know what he wanted. - Did you know what you wanted? - Absolutely. She got emotional and attacked me personally. I got emotional? Look at me in the eyes. Did I cry? - You did not cry. - Did I get stern with you? Yes. There's a difference. Get it right. You got elevated and attacked me personally. - [ Trump ] So do you think Troy is dishonest? - He's extremely dishonest! You're all sort of saying he did a great job in getting you the apartment you wanted. Absolutely. Business in New York is a tough deal, and this is a lesson. Would you ever do business with somebody that performed unethically? Well, I would like to tell you the answer is no. Mm-hmm. But it doesn't always work out, "cause how do you know who it is? - It's so clear. - [ Trump ] 7t was clear, but he duped your. - Nobody has ever duped me. - You've never, ever been duped? - Nope. -1 have. - Katrina ] And I'm not gonna give him credit for it. - [ Trump ] I've been duped. I've been duped many times. Everyone's duped. You've been duped also. [Tammy] I think we got duped, to be honest. [Laughter] [Bill] Thanks, Tammy. [Applause ] Did she say the wrong thing when she admitted you got duped? - She can say whatever. She's entitled to her own opinion. - Good. Say no more. - Protégé won. - Thank you. - Congratulations. - [ Trump ] Here's what you're doing. You've been working for the past 72 hours in the city, renovating an apartment. I'm going to send you to a place that's already finished, and it's in the country. You're gonna go up to my house in Westchester. You're gonna have the greatest picnic you've ever had. It's the most beautiful house in New York State, and you're gonna have a lot of fun. You folks, I'll see you back at the boardroom, where somebody has to get fired, And, Heidi, I wanna see you for one minute. [ No Audible Dialogue ] How is your mother doing? Do you wanna go home to be with your mother? No. I absolutely, definitely want to stay. I just don't want it being held against me, 'cause I know-- - Oh, I don't wanna get emotional-- - You can go home. I don't wanna go home, Mr. Trump. I'm a hard worker. I've yet to be a P.M. What does your mother say? Does she want you to be here or be with her? They want me to be here, and I want to be here. Great. That's a good mother. - Hopefully, she'll be all right. So you wanna stay? - I wanna stay. - It's not even an option, Mr. Trump. - Okay. Say hello to your mother. Thank you very much and good luck. Go back upstairs to your suite. I will. Thank you so much for talking to me. I greatly appreciate it. Thank you. Bye, guys. It was actually very comforting talking to Mr. Trump. I felt like I was talking to a friend, as opposed to talking to this mogul billionaire. [Omarosa] I'm glad your're staying with us. Oh, I'm staying. [ Chattering ] [ Heidi ] It was nice to see Troy and Kwame actually win for a change. So I was more happy for them. Go change. What time are we leaving? Is it today? It's today. We're going up there now. It's today? 1 have a home in Bedford, Bedford is an area where the richest people live. It's a beautiful place to look at. It's 55,000 square feet, which is huge. [Amy] This looks like a museum. [Man ] Yeah. Wow! Unbelievable! - Hello. Welcome to Seven Springs, Mr. Trump's Bedford estate. - Omarosa. Mr. Trump has set out a lovely picnic for all of you to enjoy. [Laughter] [Woman] Wow. Wow! Who wants hot cider? [Omarosa] 1 would like hot cider. [Amy] 1 have feelings for the other team, and 1 like each and every individual, and I think they're all great. But now I'm focused on making sure that my team wins. To the first of many victories. [ All Responding At Once] - What the hell was Tammy thinking? - What the-- [ Beep ] was she thinking? In my opinion, when somebody gets to you-- Tammy didn't say anything in the boardroom, and then what she says is nonsense. I was so furious at Tammy's comment about us being duped. It's so typical of her, but so out of line. Do you think we should know, going into the boardroom, who you're taking in there? I don't know. We'll still love you, right? Part of the reason why we lost the task is because of the final negotiating, and Bill was solely responsible for the negotiating. I wanna be fair and figure out... what everybody's positives were and what everybody's negatives were and see. Bill actually requested that I and everybody else not be in the room. He was solely responsible for negotiating the price. He even told me, “Don't worry about it. We're fine.” Obviously, I don't want anybody to take this personally. No, of course not. [ Nick] Nothing is taken personally. [ Nick] Given the task and who was responsible for getting the place, the onus does then fall on Katrina. If we got the other place, we would have won, most likely. - There was no duping going on. - No. I wanna make that very clear, Tammy. That we weren't duped? [Bill] [Tammy] well, then, why is it all an issue then? We don't think it is. Do you understand? Regardless of all that bull-- [ Beep] He turned it around and made it-- No, he didn't. No, he didn't! - She never changed her opinion. - He wanted to know what she wanted. You have to listen better and then respond, "cause you don't do that. - [ Tammy ] He was willing-- - [ can't communicate, 'cause you don't stand by any-- It's not that I don't support you guys. I'm just listening to both sides of the story. I'm not there, you weren't there. I"m just listening to what was presented in the boardroom. - No, I'm listening to my leader. - [ Tammy ] One person's not gonna be there after tonight. One person will get fired. Will it be me? Will it be someone else? I don't know. So, you took a beating. Carolyn, any questions? I was actually surprised. Katrina, many times you said you were the expert in this field. Why weren't you the one negotiating the price then? As a leader, I delegated to Bill. I felt very confident in his skills, and I allowed him to do that. [ Think Katrina saw that it was a bit overwhelming... and realized that one person in the apartment was the way to go. I mean, all of us in the apartment, it Was unnecessary. There were other things that needed to be done... while the apartment was being shown. Why a seven-year licensed professional as opposed to you? I don't know. - Katrina? - After speaking to Bill, I feel like, as a leader, I was in charge of the renovation aspect of the project. 1 was able to secure a general contractor which did a huge amount of work. - Bill, didn't you negotiate the rent? -1 did. I did. And do you feel you could've gotten more? Had I had more qualified prospects come through the door, no question about it. - He could've gotten a higher number from other people-- - Then why didn't you step in? Katrina doesn't think you did a great job negotiating. - She's entitled to that opinion. -1 don't think she feels you did a great job negotiating. Your've done a beautiful job with the apartment. Maybe you should be builders, but not necessarily businesspeople. Tammy, why did you go so viciously against the team? They were all saying, as a unified group, that they were not duped. And they didn't wanna be duped. I mean-- Katrina said, “I was never duped in my life,” which is a lot of crap. Why did you just say, “We were duped”? I think that they went on an attack on Troy's credibility. - [ Don't think that was necessarily fair to him. - ToTroy? - Yes. To make those sort of statements-- - Why? You don't think he was dishonest? 1 think that he made a smart maneuver, and [ think it's hard fo admit. So you say he was smart as opposed to dishonest? -1 think he was smart. - [ Trump ] So tell me about Tammy. What do you think? Was she honest or disloyal by saying that? -1 believe she was disloyal. - What do you think, Nick? A little bit disloyal. 1 think she was disloyal, and I'm not surprised. It's time. You're gonna have to make a choice, Katrina, as to who the two people are that you think did the worst job in the group. And out of the three of you, one of you will be fired, - Whois it? -1 choose Tammy and Bill. [Trump] All right. Nick and Freka, 80 up to the suite. Tammy, Katrina and Bill, I'll see you three in a little while. - What do you think, Carolyn? -1 wasn'timpressed with Katrina, but I would probably say Tammy. I don't think Tammy really showed us anything but disloyalty and-- She just didn't show me anything. I'm bothered by Katrina in attacking Bill... for not closing a deal at a higher rent.. When she brought nobody else to the table for him to talk to. Okay. Robin, bring 'em in, please. Okay. You can go in and see Mr. Trump now. Well, in noticing what just took place-- and there's been a lot of bad blood... from a lot of different sources, and I think Troy caused much of it-- there's been some negativity with respect to... him as a negotiator, you as a leader and you for loyalty. There's a lot of other reasons I chose Tammy, and I'd like to give you those reasons. - Go ahead. -1 had to concentrate so much of my effort... into babysitting her during the task, because she was frustrating the workers-- No, no, no. Tammy, can I finish? I feel like the team as a whole... strives to be on top, and she's always bringing us down. So much of my energy had to be utilized to take care of her.. That I couldn't be as effective as [ wanted to be. What do you think of that, Tammy? I think that she's trying to point fingers at another person... because she hasn't fulfilled her obligations as project manager. You think they broke down with respect to this task? -1 think there were some breakdowns. - [ Trump ] And who did it-- Who broke down more, this one or this one? I'd have to say this one. Tammy, I am the one that secured a general contractor to do our work. I understand that. Me! Me! In fact, I have a business plan. Would you like to see it? - No. -1t's too late. I've heard enough. Katrina, with your experience, you should have been in charge... of both the renovation and negotiation. And, Bill, you weren't a good negotiator. I think you should have gotten a better price for the apartment. Tammy, you got in the way of your team, and your disloyalty has been just terrible. And you sort of understood that. Throughout or just this one task? Let's say it doesn't matter. I mean, it is so obnoxious in this particular case. Tammy, you're fired. So, up to the suite, down to the street. Good luck. [ Trump] [ thought Tammy had a lot of talent, but she seemed to be extremely disloyal to her team. I don't think she's brought anything to the table. - It's never easy. - No. All I said was, “ll think we were duped,” and that got me fired. When I walked in the boardroom, I really felt like I did nothing wrong here. I was just doing my job. But the team did gang up on me. That's just the way I am, and I know that it can affect people, and it brings out certain emotions when you bring out the truth. Hey, you know, you can't win 'em all. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 