The Apprentice: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Apprentice 
 s1e1 - Meet the Billionaire - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Apprentice (2004–2017): Season 1, Episode 1 - Meet the Billionaire - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Man] New York, my city. Where the wheels of the global economy never stop turning. A concrete metropolis of unparalleled strength and purpose... that drives the business world, Manhattan is a tough place. This island is the real jungle. If you're not careful, it can chew you up and spit you out. But if you work hard, you can really hit it big. And I mean really big. My name's Donald Trump, and I'm the largest real estate developer in New York. 1 own buildings all over the place, model agencies, the Miss Universe Pageant, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Jetliners, golf courses, Casinos, and private resorts like Mar-a-Iago, one of the most spectacular estates anywhere in the world, But it wasn't always so easy. About 13 years ago, I was seriously in trouble. I was billions of dollars in debt. But I fought back and I won, big league. I used my brain, 1 used my negotiating skills, and I worked it all out. Now my company's bigger than it ever was, it's stronger than it ever was, and I'm having more fun than I ever had. [Man] Mr. Trump! [ Woman ] Donald! I've mastered the art of the deal and I've turned the name Trump into the highest-quality brand. And as the master, I want to pass along my knowledge to somebody else. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I"m looking for... the apprentice. Right now, from all over the country, 16 of America's best and brightest young entrepreneurs... are arriving in New York for the chance to work as my apprentice... and get a firsthand look into the world of big business. Trump Tower, please. [Trump] They come from all walks of life. Some have their Ph.D. or a Harvard M.BA... and have learned their skills in the classroom. Others are self-made entrepreneurs. They own restaurants, or they're one of the top real estate professionals in the country. Some have only a high school diploma, and a few have left their successful small-town companies... to come to New York City for the very first time. This is the chance to work for me ata huge salary, and more importantly, learn enough so that maybe they too can become a billionaire someday. This is going to be the dream job of a lifetime. Who will succeed and who will fail? And who will be... the apprentice? & So you wanna be the next big thing ;* o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> . You wanna be a spotlight Ah, you wanna be o They'll put you on the front page Wanna see the bright lights ,» & Ah, you wanna see J That millionaire money, money o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> . You wanna have a jet plane Ah, you wanna have & Your face on the big screen You wanna have ;2 & A big yacht Oh, you wanna have > ♪ Your very own TV show J Wanna have a penthouse Ah, you wanna have & Your name on a building Wanna have a spotlight ,» AR, you're gonna have J That millionaire money, money o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o ING, 113, 113, 113, 137" [ Trump ] For the next 13 weeks, these 16 candidates will embark on a unique job interview. They'll live together in asufte in Trump Tower, one of the great buildings of the world, right on Fifth Avenue. They'll be divided into two groups. Each week, they'll compete against one another in a series of tasks. The winning team will continue to live in their suite. The losers will come to my boardroom, where someone is fired and sent home. It's either the suite or the street. Hi. How can I help you? I'm here to, um, interview with Donald Trump. - Sure. Your name? - Jessie Connors. [ Trump ] The candidates have never met one another and come from various backgrounds. I'm Jessie Connors from New Richmond, Wisconsin. With only a high school diploma, /own a marketing firm and also sell real estate. I'm 21 years old. I'm Kwame Jackson. I'm 29 years old. I have an M.B.A. from the Harvard Business School.. And have worked as an investment manager for a major Wall Street firm. My name is Ereka Vetrini, and I'm from New York City. [ Learned the ropes in my parents' neighborhood pizzeria... and I'm now a marketing manager for one of the largest international cosmetics companies. Hi! "m Troy McClain from Boise, Idaho. 1 sacrificed my higher education to take care of my mother and my disabled little sister. Now;, with only a high school diploma, I'm the president of my own lending company. My name is Amelia Henry, and 'm from Austin, Texas. 1 had stock options worth millions buit lost it all in the dot-com bust. I have my M.B.A. and work in the high-tech industry. [ Laughing ] I'm here to check in for The Apprentice. What do I need to do? Your name? Bowie Hogg. I'm Bowie Hogg from Dallas, Texas. I have a business degree and work in sales for an express delivery service. My name is Kristi Frank. I'm from Santa Monica, California, and I own a restaurant and investment properties. I"m Dr. David Gould, and I'm from New York City. After I graduated medical school and received my M.D, /went ontoearnmy MBA. at New York University. I now work as a health-care venture capitalist. 'M here to see Mr. Trump. Omarosa Stallworth. My name is Omarosa Manigault-Stallworth. I grew up in the projects. But [ am now a Ph.D. candidate and work as a political consultant. Four years ago, I worked at the White House for the president of the United States. 'M Nick Warnock, the hardest-working, salesman in Los Angeles, California. I'm a full-commission copier salesman. I don't have a salary, which is a tough way to work. /1 don't sell, I don't eat. I'm Katrina Campins. I rank in the top three percent of Realtors nationwide. And I'm 23 years old. My name is Sam Solovey. I"m director of business development for an Internet company that I cofounded. I'm just here for waiting to go in the Trump. And your name? Heidi. I'm Heidi Bressler. I'm from Philadelphia. I'm a senior account executive for one of the largest telecommunications companies in the world, My name is Bill Rancic. 'm 3?2 years old, and I'm from Chicago. [ founded the Cigar of the Month Club in a studio apartment.. And turned it info a multimillion-dollar operation. I'm Jason Curis. I'm 23 years old from Detroit, Michigan. 1 built a real estate development firm from the ground up. Now [ rent 39 units to low-income familjes. I'm Tammy Lee, and I live in Seattle, Washington. I was a top stockbroker for a firm on Wall Street. Hi. How can I help you? 'M here to see Donald Trump. Okay. And your name? I'm Tammy Lee. [Tammy] Talk about first impressions. 1 didn't really feel the need to show any communication whatsoever with people that I don't even know. They were all just kind of wanting to communicate kind of nonverbally to each other. The only person I really need to be concerned with liking me, ostracizing me, is Donald Trump. [Troy] Working for Trump is more than a big deal. It's a huge deal, Trump has certainly given everybody a shortcut to the American dream. But I'm gonna earn the American dream just like everybody else. Okay. Mr. Trump will see you now. You can go in over there. Welcome to New York. I've always said, “New York City is the real jungle.” It's tougher in New York than anyplace in the world. You're gonna find out what I mean. Okay, let's get started, I want to introduce somebody who's been with me for 25 years-- George Ross. He's my executive vice president and senior council, On this side-- This is Carolyn Kepcher. She is the chief operating officer of one of my companies. And Carolyn is a killer. There are many men buried in her wake. These two will be my eyes and ears... and will accompany you during your tasks. They're gonna help me make a decision... as to who ultimately is going to be working as the president of one of my companies, and then we'll see how you do. This isn't a game. This is a 13-week job interview. Out of 215,000 job applicants, you're the 16 people that I chose to go through 13 weeks of hell... to determine who"s gonna work for me at the end. Now, some of you think that attending a top business school gives you an advantage. Others think that street smarts and hands-on experience are the best way to get ahead, Additionally, women have a tougher time in the workplace, or so they say. Let's find out. We're gonna be setting up two teams of eight each, and I've decided it's going to be... men against women. Each week, there'll be a business task to accomplish. Now, I may ask you to work as a street vendor... or something tougher like working with Madison Avenue to create an ad campaign for corporate jets... or renovating and leasing run-down apartments. Maybe even put on a rock concert. You will select a project manager who will lead your team in that task. 1 will hold the project manager... at least partially responsible for a team's victory or failure. If your team loses, you will all meet me right here in the boardroom. You don't want to be in the boardroom. 'Cause the losing team ls gonna sit in front of me, and somebody is going home. All of you should be complimented, but the fact is, there's only one going to be chosen. That one person will be president of one of my companies at a huge salary... for a period of one year. Now; I want you to go up to the suite, enjoy yourself, and I'll see you tomorrow. Come on. Get outta here. [Sam] When I saw Trump today, it all came together right there. I want access to Trump. I want to get to know that guy, but I don't want it to be in the boardroom. Back of a limousine, at a bar with his girlfriend. I don't care where it is. Not in the boardroom. [ Chattering, Laughing ] My mama's gonna be proud when she sees me here. -1 love it! - Well, this is very nice. Whoo! Time to toast! 70 the enemies! [Laughs] I don't know why we"re being so friendly with the men. Why are we cavorting with the enemies? I like this men versus women. This could be fun. [Bowie ] The girls, they're smarter than what 1 guess some of the guys are thinking. But if you pull one over on me, I'm gonna 10 times ya. I'm gonna do you by 10 times. My mind works like that. I'll be able to pull something off a lot better than they will. I"m so glad it's girls against boys. I'm so happy. You have an M.B.A. and an M.D. Which one did you do first? The M.D. So you got done with your M.D,, and then you said, “I don't really want to do this.” 'm gonna get an M.B.A. It's not quite so simple. In my senior year of medical school, I was like, “What can I do with an M.D. besides treat patients?” And Wall Street was very receptive to someone like myself. [Sam] David has an M.BA. and an M.D, which is impressive. But you know what? I can't relate to David. Then I moved into venture capital. Did deals with biotech companies and medical technology companies. I'm just thinking of the school. How do you spend so much time in school? Entrepreneurs shouldn't be spending that much time in the classroom. They should be... sweating and hungry. And when they hear an idea in the class, they wanna go out and do it. Oh, my gosh! Ladies, ladies, ladies, ladies! Follow me. Ladies, ladies, ladies. Follow me. Ladies, ladies, ladies. Come on, ladies. Let's go! Organization. That's my skill. Organizing and motivating people. So I just try to bring us all together. Okay, you guys ready? We're ready. “Welcome to Trump Tower. I hope your stay is enjoyable. To start, please enjoy some champagne and caviar.” Cheers to that! Cheers! “It is a taste of the life you could lead--" “But don't get used to it. There's much work to be done. “Here is your first order of business: You need to think of a name for your group. From now on, your team will be known as a corporation.” “My office will phone you later with further instructions. Donald J. Trump.” It has to be marketable. He's so big on naming everything. We have to name our group something strong. [Omarosa] The envelope gave us our first task. And that task, although it seems really simple, when you've got eight women-- [Laughs] it became a three-hour ordeal... of picking a name for your corporation. So, um, we got to it. Our name has to communicate power, unity-- Class. - And shock. - And no idea is stupid. I think it's good. We can make something real easy like the B.M.A. Corporation. Or something-- Businessmen Associated. The BB.C. Billionaires Boys' Club. B.F.B. Big F-- [ Beeps ] Balls. [ All Laughing ] I love that. How about Donald's Darlings? Nah! [ All Responding ] - No. - Let's keep brainstorming. We're all versatile. I mean, we're all guys who have different backgrounds. And we've been thrown together. [ Bowie] I like versatile as a word. Put that in there. I mean, Versacorp. I mean-- [Men] Versacorp. Versacorp. Versacorp. What is it? V-E-R-- S-A Corp. One word, [Troy] Versacorp. By God, can I say we all got together and made a decision here. Let's put it right here, baby. Right here. [Nick] We did the name for the organization. And they named it Versacorp. I'wasn't a big proponent of that. I didn't think it's flashy. I don't think it represents all of us. I don't think Trump will particularly love the name. I mean, Versacorp. It's dumb. [ Chuckles ] It's corny. I thought of one other. What? Protégé. Hey! I love that! You like it? [Ereka] 1 just offered up a suggestion for our group, and it was accepted. When I have something to say, I'll make sure it's put out there. If it's just an idea and I'm not sure myself, and I wanna see if it's receptive, I don't care if it goes or flies. If it's something that I believe in, I'm gonna push for it, and then I"m sure it'll come across that way. [ Phone Ringing ] Uh-oh. Phone is ringing. You know who that is. That's Donald Trump. Hello? Hi, this is Rhona in Mr. Trump's office. He asked me to call you and tell you to meet him tomorrow morning at the New York Stock Exchange. Leaving here at 5:45 a.m. Ooh, boy! Did they hang up on you? [Freka] I've never been to the stock exchange. 1t's overwhelming. It really is. And immediately, I'm thinking, “What the hell are we gonna be asked to do in there?” The telephone rang. And they called to tell that we're going to the New York Stock Exchange. Oh, what time? [ Katrina ] The first task is crucial because it will set the precedent for all the other tasks to come. I think the women will win because the eight women that are in there are very strong individuals. And I think men-- these men, although they won't admit it, may feel it's a bit of a disadvantage not to have us on their side. If it does involve something in a building on Wall Street, it would not be inappropriate to wear a tie. - [Man ]I need a new suit. - Do you need a jacket to go? On the floor of the exchange, you really should have a jacket. But there's no way they're putting us on the floor of the exchange. [ Nick] 1 have no idea what the first task ls gonna be. Nor do I care. It's a brilliant idea. I love the idea. [ Nick ] We are now really working as a team together. And we're out here to win. Game's on. Game's been on for me since, uh, I showed up off the plane. All right, come on over, everybody. Welcome to the New York Stock Exchange. This is really and truly the center of the world for big business. $40 billion is traded each and every day. And there's no place like this anywhere in the world, Now, I guess you have visions of something big, something glamorous. But that's not gonna be it. We're bringing you back to basics. You're gonna go outside, and you're gonna sell lemonade. We'll start you off with $250 seed money. And at the end of the day, 7:30, we're gonna see who made the most money. The women or the men. It's very simple. Now, the ladies look to me like they're more excited, [ Cheering ] The men, I-/ must tell you, a little bit stiff. Start getting game plans together. Who is your project manager? - Your name? - Troy McClain. - What is your team name? - Versacorp. That's a pretty interesting name. Who's your leader? - Ereka Vetrini. - Okay, Ereka. What's your team name? Meet Protégé Corporation. - Very good. - You like that? That's very good, Il tell ya. They're looking awfully good, fellas. - I'm a little bit worried about you. - Whoo! You're gonna be on the killer streets of New York. Go out there. I'll see you at 7:30. Who's gonna make the most money? Let's see. [ Cheering ] One, two, three-- Versacorp! [ Bell Ringing ] I've always felt location is important, but the people behind the deal are much more important than location. I'd much rather have areally smart, talented guy... doing a deal in a not-so-good location... than an idiot doing a deal in a great location. Because you'll make money every time. The key to success is location, location, location. You're assigned to finding the location. You need to know where the location's at. We have $250. Let's use that. Let's maximize that. Let's use our seed money. [ Troy] It was so surreal to me. Trump standing up there on that podium. And he says, “Boys, girls, we're gonna go back to the basics.” And I'm thinking we're going back to Basic Sales 101. I certainly didn't think I was going back to sixth grade selling lemonade. Now we're gonna go get our cups and supplies. That'll give use the skeleton. You guys'll be the veins. Your've got a location? I think Seaport is set. Seaport is this way. Probably a 10-minute walk. Lead us to Seaport right now. Let's go to the location, gentlemen. That's our meeting. We'll have a runner. [ Chattering ] [Freka] I was selected as project manager... because I actually thought up the name Protégé. It was definitely difficult being a project manager because... people are throwing responsibility in your court when they don't want to take it. [Freka] Listen. You guys, listen. We gotta get a table. We don't need a table. That is the old-fashioned way to sell lemonade. From a little table. It's image, though. Image. It's the image. I would rather invest my money in my product. [Woman] lam not carrying a table. Here to back home. That's why we split into two teams and you let us do what we are-- we'll carry the table. [Tammy] We were all sitting in a circle, huddling, yelling at each other. And I don't think anyone was being effective for the first hour. I really didn't appreciate being told I was the one in charge, but then being said, this is what we're doing. I don't want to be in charge. I want us all to have our own thing. Let's not take it personal. I was not targeting you. [Omarosa] We have absolutely no leadership. Ereka is very emotional. When you're doing business, you gotta stay focused on the task and keep your emotion out of it. She's totally irrational right now. -1 love that these people are like, tell them what to do, but then they're like, this is what we're doing! The bottom line is if we're fighting, we're never gonna get this - [ Beeps ] done. [ Kwame ] This is the Seaport where you see all those big ships. That commercial area. There's gonna be tourists there. It's a beautiful day. That should be our main location. We chose a location. We thought about supplies. And we were trying to get.. Up to speed as quickly in terms of selling lemonade. You and I will grab the cups. You grab the markers. Right now, we need to get the foundation: cups, lemonade. Look wherever you can look. [ Troy ] Everybody did fantastic. You know, they were the wind beneath the wings. They did awesome. Found the lemonade. We got our feet underneath us, and we ran with it. Thank you, ma'am. [Troy] Kwame came up with an absolute creative idea. We're trying to get your help in trying to set up a successful lemonade stand, Let me ask you for a couple other things. Sure. [Troy] He got a vendor to give stuff to us for no charge. Would you give us free cups if we brought more people in? Why not? We need free cups. You will do that? We're gonna be here at 1:30, sellin'. We got free ice, free cups, a free cart. This is wonderful! This is fabulous! Oh, this is a lot of fun. Attaboy, Nick! Yeah, baby! And that really helped us in terms of saving a lot of our initial cap-ex... that we could just kinda bank instead of spending it on supplies. [ Women Chattering ] I just don't know how to do radio. I know how to use it. Will you show us how? What's the organization? What's the steps-- [ think that we should have a group of two or three and the rest of you out marketing until the product gets there. [Woman] Are you guys fine by yourselves? Yes, certainly. We're gonna meet you guys at Rockefeller Center. Bye, girls. Get gas. [Kristi] Amy and I split off because we knew we could buy the product quickly. With a whole group, there's a lot of talking, there's a lot of attitude. We just wanted to get it done and let them handle the rest of it. Do we know where we're going? [Omarosa] You're the project manager. Lead. Now, we're gonna start selling lemonade in the next 10 minutes. Come get your ice-cold lemonade here. Dollar a glass. Thank you so much. Have a good day. You got one? Everybody got one? Are you sure this lemonade is really good? Absolutely. It's a hard-earned dollar that I"m about to spend on this lemonade. It's tasty. How you doing today, ma'am? Troy McClain from Boise, Idaho. How you doin', sir? Troy McClain. Can I have a talk with you for a second? Troy's doing a good job. He's keeping people positive, which I think's the most important thing. [ Bowie Continues I We have everything we need. I'm confidant till the day's over. One, two, three-- Versacorp! Guys, please meet us at 53rd and 9th. Tell me if you copy. 53rd and 9th. Yes. Yes, we'll be right there. We've got everything, and we'll start making it. I hope we're heading in the right direction. Where's our girls? Oh, they're so far back. I was so caught up in the direction of everybody and I made the stupid mistake... of not looking and seeing which way was east and west and just asking a stranger. Excuse me, where is Rockefeller Center? [Man] Rockefeller Center's right here. Right here, straight ahead? And he's pointing in a direction, and it was the wrong direction. Oh, my God! What? Why does that say Park Avenue? Is that right? [ Can't believe-- That guy was like Ninth is this way. Please tell me if you hear me. We have a little bit of a problem. Right now we have to find our team members that have the product so we can start selling. We're having a difficult time communicating with them as to where we're supposed to meet and we're supposed to be. We just screwed up. We're at 50-- 53rd and Park. Where are you? [Kristi] Okay, read on there how many cans. Let's put one gallon in and see what this is like. "Cause we need to dilute this. Amy? Amy. [ can't hear her. Omarosa, how the hell-- [Kristi] We got lemonade. We made lemonade. We didn't answer the phone because... we're ready to do whatever it takes to sell this thing and make a lot of money. One dollar a glass? It's the best lemonade you'll ever have. We're going nowhere! We're going in circles right now. We're going in the wrong direction. We are a mile off our target. We can't hear you. Where are you? [Omarosa] Ereka's the first project manager. Little does she know, or is she not thinking, that if we are not successful at this task, she goes up. Just please get in touch with us. We have no idea where you are right now. And we're really [ Beeps ] concerned. Guys, give us an exact address where you are and what you're doing. Tell us what you're doing. We're at 53rd and Park. Can you get into a cab and head to 53rd and Park? Let me know. [ Voice Over Phone ] Grocery carts. They have two grocery carts. We'll come to you. All right, guys. We are gonna meet you at 53rd and Ninth. No, Eighth. No, they're going to Ninth, though. Okay. We're meeting you at 53rd and Ninth. The beginning was totally anightmare, logistically. We couldn't meet and that was just a nightmare. This is worse than being in the jungle. Guys! Guys! We found them! [Freka] Now we're all together and the energy's back on high. We're doing a great job. I am so fortunate to have these girls working for me. Sell, sell, sell! Whoo! Lemonade. Lemonade? Lemonade? Lemonade. [ Exhales ] My feet hurt. [Whines] I wanna go home. Right now, what I'm doing is selling lemonade on the streets of New York City. And my feet hurt. I mean, that's the thing I"m maddest about right now is my feet are killing me. Let's go-- Let's go with three-- three right now. Three's fine. A couple more. It's hot out on those streets. [Kristi] Tammy stopped for a lunch break. We haven't had a glass of water all day, and she spends the money for lunch. I"m pissed off! [Omarosa] She's having a latte. Tammy's-- Look at her. She's in the window having food. I'm gonna keep on selling "cause we have money to make, but that is absolutely bull-- [ Beeps ]. Tammy is not really focused on being a part of the team. Success in business is focus not only on individual contribution but working as a team as well, It was a 10-minute break. That's fine. Ten minutes it is. Can we go get water? Lunch. All right. I convinced her to walk with me to the store... so that I could have some time to talk with her. I want to know why you guys are complaining about me. Collectively, you haven't gelled with us. And I confide in Tammy. /said, “Tammy, “the women are not feeling as though you're making an effort to connect with them. “My strategy for you ls to simply reach out to the women, start participating in these activities.” Y-You know, w-we just gotta hit it hard until 7:30. I think we are hitting it hard. We are doing everything we can do. Tammy says, “Okay, okay, I'm gonna try.” We walk back to the corner where our lemonade stand is-- the first thing she announces is, “Do you guys have a problem... with the fact I went and took a-a-a hour break?” 'm getting the impression that people are-- people are upset with me. Me? Why would you come and ask her that when [ just explained to you-- I"m just saying-- I just-- We just walked for 10 minutes, and I explained to you that that was not a big issue. I'm getting the impression people are not happy with the fact that I spent two dollars on lunch. How do you build a relationship with somebody who you can't confide in? So, as of now, I'm done with trying to help bring Tammy into the fold. Lemonade. [Troy] They say the American dream started from selling lemonade. Lemonade for sale. How about a glass of lemonade? Real tasty. [Bowie ] Look at Dave. Dave, slow down, slow down. -[Giggling ] - Oh, no. Yeah. [ Giggling Continues ] Over here! Dave! No. No. Don't run. Don't do that. Don't run. Don't do that at all. David-- f mean, he's a briffiant guy, he's got an MBA., he's got an VI.D. But he needed a little help moving the product. One dollar. One dollar. One dollar. One dollar. One dollar. We just said no. Two dollar. Two dollar. Two dollar. Two dollar. Nine dollar. Nine dollar. Nine dollar. All right. Forget it. [ Nick] Really, tone it-- tone it down. He is attacking. [Trump] You're not gonna believe this. The men are at that smelly Fulton Fish Market trying to sell lemonade. It's a terrible location. And there's nobody here. I've gotta go. Bye. Definitely a slow time at the lemonade stand. We need to get business pickin' up. Uh, we're dying a slow death out here right now. That's about the lunch rush that we're gonna get. That-- That-- That's lunch. It's 12:30. So, this location just didn't-- didn't cut it. All right, We need to move. We need to move now. We made Kwame the location guy. He picked the Seaport. [ Blows Raspberry] Seaport bad, man. We're gonna go to new locations, set up and just hustle where we can. Where are people going? We gotta hit the traffic-- [Sam] Yep. We better get moving right now. [Woman] Are you sure? [Woman #2] Yes. [Woman] How come you drank so much? Pouring a glass of it here 50 you guys can get it quickly. - [Man ] It's kinda warm. - We've been working so hard the ice melted. Here. Put it-- You're still really cute. I wouldn't pay five dollars for a glass of lemonade. But if it was served by a very pretty girl, you'd be surprised. I might've paid it. Dollar for the lemonade. Four dollars for the girl, It's for the lemonade, but the bonus is my phone number. What's your name? Derek. Derek, thank you so much. When we sold the lemonade, I was surprised that, yeah, I did use sex to sell lemonade. Just trying to make some money on the street. Not the street. That sounded bad. We're just trying to make some money. Is this your corner? [ Laughing ] It's not my corner. People may think it's selling sex. To be honest with you, my style of selling is just-- it's me being Heidi. Oh, my God. Hello, little puppy. It's the same style I use here as I use in corporate America. Hello. [ Barking ] Holy-- [ Beeps] Oh, my God! Thank you so much. Okay. Oh, look at that. Thanks, you guys. High five. There you go. Now we made $15 off of you guys. [ Chuckling ] Good sell. 1 would not pay five dollars for our lemonade, much less 20, but-- but we can sell it. We did it. All right, guys. Good job. Way to kick ass. One, two, three-- [Together] win! [ Cheering ] How are you doing? An ice-cold lemonade for a dollar? That's okay. I'm good. No? All right. Wall Street lemonade. A dollar a lemonade. It's frozen lemonade. That's all right. Thank you. You better have gotten five dollars from that lady. She's rich. Nothing. Nothing. I think I would've had to have sex with her to sell lemonade. How about a lemonade for a dollar, sir? [Bill] The ship was going down. /mean, I knew it. At that point, we needed to do anything we could. [Bill] I'm concerned at this stage of the game. I"m a little concerned myself. I don't know if this market's a good market. There's not a lot of people here either. That's the problem. Well, we might've been better off fishin” in our old hole. No, that was horrible. Yeah, but how much better are we doing right now? We had to get out of there. We weren't making anything. We're not making nothing right now. We're not having success. We gotta think bigger. Women sell products. They sell products-- not only to men, but to women. Now, you know, we've had a tough day. I've got a theory-- you can sell this lemonade better than I do. [ Laughing ] So, what I wanna do is-- Take this. Take this. Hold it. Stay right here for one second. Oh, my God. Excuse me, sir. We need you for like 30 seconds. Jennifer here is selling the best lemonade with a money-back guarantee. - If you don't like it, we'll give you your dollar back. - All right. No, 'm too poor. I'm unemployed. You-- money-back guarantee-- Sois she. - Come on. You're making us look bad. - What is the scam? - This is very strange. - Can I tell you something? - I'm about this close to begging. - I'm not going to pay for lemonade. I"m a New Yorker. [Kwame ] What Sammy was trying to do. He wants to get hot women to help sell. [ Think everyone knows that sex sells, and that's fine. But we needed him to focus on some things that were a little bit more tangible. He let the team down, I think, on that regard, Are you doing well? I am, Sam, but you're irking me. I'm gonna tell you the truth. 'M just giving you honest feedback. It's-- 1t's a high-volume pitch. You know, that's why -- I've been saying that all day. It's all a numbers game. You don't need to spend five, 10 minutes with a customer. I know. You don't. I know. We're doing okay. The goal of the task is to make as much as we can. Right. Are you doing okay? Yeah. [Sam] I don't think these guys get it. They don't get it. And they think I'm a nut. We may have to get some guy... to give us a thousand dollars. 1 believe if you buy that lemonade for a thousand dollars, that you're going to have astoryto tell, Donald Trump has got people paying top dollar for real estate in Manhattan, in New York, New York, where other people are getting 50% of what he's getting. Donald Trump is selling lemonade for a thousand dollars a cup. Now, let me see. I sort of lost you guys a little bit. 'M giving you my word that if you write me a check... for a thousand dollars for that glass of lemonade, that you are going to experience the American dream. [ Laughing ] Mr. Trump... has got to on some level be impressed with someone who's got the guts... to sell a cup of lemonade for a thousand dollars. That is a killer thing to do. This guy's going crazy NOw. I'm not going crazy. I'm gonna retire in a few years. Otherwise, I would've done it just for the heck of it. I-I'm sorry. I don't think I can do. Thank you for your time. I'm deeply frustrated because... my weaknesses are being shown today. L-I've not earned the respect of my team. And it's causing a problem, because this is a much easier task... than it's being made out to be. I-- I think we just gotta-- [Sam] We gotta sell 'em. One dollar at a time. That's all we can do. It was worth a shot. [ Carolyn] How long did that take you talking with that man? It took 20 minutes. [Bill] About that, yeah. But you know what? There was a chance it could've happened. - I believe there was a chance. - But you weren't selling lemonade. I tried. I tried. Here's what we need, guys. We got the last 60 minutes. Obviously we gotta rally together. Let"s go sell. Let's get it all done. I feel that the team got off toa “slumpy” start, but I'll tell you what, I still believe in my team... and I think that we're gonna pull ahead and we're gonna finish this out strong. Wait a second there, Troy. Start selling. Right now, start selling. He just bought me a cup. I sure do appreciate it. Thank you very much. 1t's my pleasure. From one country boy to another. Thank you. We got Italian lemonade, just made. Two dollars a glass. I really appreciate that. It better be good. You tell me it's not good. Even though it is nonrefundable. [ Laughs] I got seven left on my tray. Keep going. This is something I've never seen in the Village. All-American lemonade stand. I gottadoit because you tried so hard. Yep. Thank you very much. How did we tally up, gentlemen? [Troy] Uh, I don't want to be that arrogant to think I beat the women, but 1 also want to be that confident to think 1 beat 'em. And I don't think that 7 beat anybody. [ Think that we beat 'em. Gentlemen, fantastic job. Good job today, guys. [Together] One, two, three, Versacorp. Good job. Fantastic. Okay, folks, 'm really busy today, so we're gonna go quickly. Carolyn, how did they do? The men. Um, I think they found alocation very quickly. [ Think they tapped into some local resources and other shops, et cetera. And they were able to double their money. It's not bad business. So, they doubled their money. Not bad. Mm-hmm. Not bad, Thank you, sir. Now we find out the other side. George? It started off as mass confusion. I was a lot taller than I am now, but I ran my legs off. After a while they did get their act together. I though that they sold pretty well. And they not only doubled their money, they quadrupled it. They made, uh, over $1,200. What can I say? The numbers speak for themselves. Men, you only doubled your money. But the women had a 400% profit. The women are the winners of the first task. And it wasn't even close. [ Cheering ] Women, great job. As a little treat, you're gonna see the nicest apartment in New York City. It's my apartment. So you be up there-- 1:00 at my apartment. Guys, they killed you. They really gave you a good beating. So you're not gonna be seeing my apartment. You're gonna be seeing the boardroom where somebody has to get fired. [ Cheering, Applauding ] [ Think we sold as much lemonade as we possibly could, There are a couple of holes in how we did the planning process and being too frenzied in the beginning. But I think after I learned how well the girls did.. 1 felt like, “Okay, we could've done a lot better.” I didn't expect them to outpace us by, you know, $700 or whatever. That's a lot. -[Nick] I'm happy for 'em. - Where's the bread at? 'M sure they did a great job. [Man] They obviously did. Obviously. [Troy] They just spanked us, and we'll come back. So, let "em-- let 'em reap the rewards right now. But don't-- don't get us wrong. We would've rather been there. That's the part that sucks. [Bowie ] I'm disappointed that we're not going up to Trump's penthouse. It would've been nice-- and they have nothing to worry about tonight. They know tomorrow, they'll all be there. Obviously, we need tips from the ladies. That's right. Yeah. Oh, my God. [ Chuckling ] Oh-- This kinda reminds me of my house. Oh, my God. Yeah. I feel like I"m at home. Wait a minute. Look at this door. Hi. Welcome to Mr. Trump's home. Oh, my God. Thank you. Look at that view. So amazing. Oh, my God, This is like rich. This is like really, really rich. Look at this. You guys, come here. Oh, my God. When we went up to Donald's apartment-- words can't describe how beautiful it was. Everything you saw was breathtaking. And we got to meet his girlfriend, Melania, who is amazing as well. Hi. "m Melania. Pleasure to meet you. Nice to meet you. Hi. how are you? How are you? [ Chattering ] Wow. That's great. Of course. How do you clean a house like this? Well, you have people to clean up. [ Laughing ] I don't think she's doing it. [Heidi] Well, you're very, very lucky. Oh, thank you. And he's not lucky? - Oh, no. No! - He's very lucky. Hello, everybody. You don't even know who I am. See? Hi. Congratulations. Thank you. So, look, if you're really successful, you'll all live just like this. We can only wish. - Maybe not like this-- - Maybe not. Or maybe even better. If you're really successful, this is what it is. And it's fun. 1/ show this apartment to very few people. Presidents, kings. Let me give you a little tour. Oh, yea! Okay? Come on. Okay. And they walk in, they look around, and they really can't believe what they're seeing. They just feel it's amazing. Watch over here. - You'll see something-- - Oh, my God. We got to see a different side of him, amore personable side. He was having a lot more fun. [Trump] Okay. This is the dining room. [ Tammy ] When's the last time you actually ate dinner here? Uh, along time ago. That's a very good question. It's a very good question. So, this is the beginning. Now you have to put on your competitive hat again, forget about this and go out and work, and see how you can do. - Because you want to win. - Thanks for having us. Okay? Enjoy yourselves. Thank you, everybody. Bye, everyone. Bye. He gave us some advice. He said, “Work hard and have fun.” And I really, truly believe that that's how he lives his life. [ Chattering ] Oh, my gosh. This is so rich. This is like really rich. Guys, all I'd like to say is, uh, everybody did a great job. Fantastic. Girls just did better. [ Think one thing is that tonight at 5.00-- whether we do this now or later-- we're gonna be posed with a very difficult question. Someone's gonna have to accept, to some degree, responsibility for this. Who's walking out of here today? And why? [Bowie ] I'm worried without a doubt about going in tonight. 1 have no idea what to expect. I feel like I'm a good debater, but know Donald Trump can out-debate me anytime... and will call me and kind of throw me under the bus. I would go in thinking, you know, thinking as a unit, because that's-- [ Bill ] But I think we need to know when we leave there, we're gonna be one man short. I mean-- Yeah. I don't think there's any denying-- I mean-- Somebody's gonna be in the crosshairs. [Troy] You're starting to look at each other and go, “All right. Is there lines being drawn in the sand?” You just don't know. Right now, I'm going to the boardroom-- and I'm the team captain. I'm the one that was elected to guide this ship to success or failure. So, I have a certain amount of accountability. Just one thing I ask-- We praise people first, criticize second. Of course. Yeah. State the positives first, and the negatives second. It's nothing personal. It's business. [Laughing] In a few minutes I'm gonna get ready to go to the boardroom meeting... where we sit down with Trump and his, uh, viceroys. Actually, I'm somewhat looking forward to it. Um, I'm confident in my ability at verbal self-defense... and able to go on the aggressive if need be. 1 think multiple people are worried, but the only one with a high degree of anxiety is Sam. You get your anxiety all up. Settle down. Good luck. Deep breath, in. [Inhales] Good luck. Let it out, swami. Let it out. Deep breath. Do it for me. [Inhales] [ Exhales ] Man, doesn't that feel good? Settle down, man. [Sam] I'd like to take down some notes on the computer. I wanna have some praise and some constructive criticism... about everybody on the team. I'm personally getting bad energy from-- from David. If Trump's looking forward to his future president, I think he may see that David's not the guy, and he may oust him out immediately. But you don't know. You don't know. You don't know what gets that guy going... and what he's evaluating. It isn't just about selling lemonade, that I know. Good luck. See you, everybody. Good-bye. Good luck. Thank you very much. Bye, guys. Bye-bye. - Seeyouinabit. - Take care. You had a little bit of a rough day. - George, what do you think? - Working for Trump is a very serious business. Whoever's gonna get the job ultimately... ls gonna spend a lot of time with me. And I don't want to deal with an idiot. What's easier than selling lemonade? What do you need? Location. Location. Location. You gotta pick out the spot where the most people are that are your potential customers. Some of the locations were better than others. We were initially in a great location right next to the Seaport. I do know that Fulton Street Fish Market Is right next to it. 1just thought it would be an easy place to get to, set up quickly... and be ready for the lunchtime crowd. Setting up at the Fulton Fish Market with the stink of, you know, of the fish market-- to me, uh, it's not very tempting. David, if you were the team leader, do you think the result would have been different? Not in this case because sales is not my forte. - [George ] Sam? - Yes, / think things would have been different. - You think you would've won? - Part of being a leader, part of being a coach... Is that you put your ideas out there, and you make sure that they're at least tried. [Trump] You don't think Troy did a very good job then. First of all, Troy is a hustler of the nth degree. And he displayed some amazing leadership qualities. [ Think Troy"s weakness yesterday was my weakness. - 1t's listening skills. - Jason, what about you? You've been sittin” here very quietly. Got something to say? I"m just kinda listening to what everybody says, and, uh-- Unfortunately, at this point, listeners we got plenty. - We need talkers. - /-l understand that. But I'm not just gonna talk to talk. Everybody here's a good leader. I'm not gonna argue with that. And I'll stick up for everybody on that. - But the problem-- - But they were saying Troy isn't a good leader. What [-- Well, I didn't finish. I"m saying that-- Jason, let me just say something. When your're trying to be chosen by someone, you don't interrupt them and say, “Let me finish.” That's number one, you know, in terms of life. - We're talking about life, right, fellas? - Yes. Yes, sir. So, when I ask you a question, and I'm not finished with the question, you don't say, “Let me finish.” That's a bad move, you know. Jason, do you think if you were the leader, the result would have been different? - Yes, I think the result would have been different. - Why, Jason? Troy was the leader. Really the leader's supposed to listen, take everything in, and then at that point decide what's going on. Not all of a sudden get out of the gate and start delegating. - Do you think they would've listened to you? - Yeah, 'cause I would've listened to them. See, I think that's business school stuff. You have to act, not just listen. - Troy. - I1t's easy to answer these questions today-- Monday-morning quarterback. Because you're a Monday-morning quarterback. That's right. You're right. But, by God, 1 had the balls to step up, and I kept positive with my team as much as I could, I told Kwame, this is the location, 1 back you up. You made your decision. That's it. As far as Troy is concerned, he did delegate. If you pick the right person, you're a hero. If you pick the wrong person, you're a bum. It's as simple as that. 1 also think you have to have the ability to make the decision and make it stick. And may God have mercy that you made the right one. [ Carolyn] Well, I actually do disagree with the two of you. I think you were very inconsistent in your leadership. You backed up Kwame, but you didn't back up Sam. - [ Trump ] So, your're saying he was a selective leader. -1 think he was a selective leader. Who do you think, Jason? Who's the worst leader? I would probably say Sam. - Sam. - Sam. Wow. Sam. -[Kkwame] 1 would actually say Sam as well. - Sam. ls that because Sam ls going over the edge? I can answer that question. Yes. He doesn't earn the respect of the team. Sam, so who do you think ls the worst leader? David. - Why is he the worst leader? -/ don't know if David believes in himself as a leader. Oh, really? - Sam, they are killing you. - want to make something really clear, 'cause I'm getting angry. By doing what he did, did he go over the edge? - He went over the edge. - Every one of these guys... think that you're not so hot. - But you have to be careful, - You're making the decision. - You're making the decision. - I'm making the decision. That's true. Absolutely true. But you have to be careful, Sam. If I'm your president, Mr. Trump-- I'm gonna stand right here in front of you, and I'm gonna say it in front of everybody here. 1 will not break the rules for your organization. If you tell me I'm coming close, I will stop. If you have to punch me in the stomach... and tell me to sit down and shut up, I"ll shut up. And I'll learn, Mr. Trump. I don't want to work for anybody else in this country. I come and work for you and be your apprentice and follow the rules. You want to work for the best. I"m learning here-- - That's a big stretch. - No, it's not a big stretch for me, Mr. Trump, because I learn fast-- You don't believe in the genetic pool? Excuse me? - That what you have you have. - I've got genetic pool big time, Mr. Trump, just like you got from your father, Fred Trump, and your mother, Mary Trump. All right. Well, I hope you're right. 1 hope your're right. Now listen. Troy, you may be the project manager, but you're not the only one responsible for the failure of this corporation. I want you to tell me who the two people are... you feel are equally responsible for your team's loss... and really would not be essentially a good president... of one of my companies. I'm gonna ask Sam to join us in the boardroom. I also think that David should join us in the boardroom. Okay. I'm gonna ask the five-- Jason, Nick, Kwame, Bowie and Bill-- 80 back up to the suite. You three-- Troy, Sam and David-- go outside. We're gonna have a little discussion, and you'll come back momentarily. Thank you, sir. [Trump] How do you feel about Troy? I see him turn on the charm. But I've actually seen him in action. I think he was somewhat inconsistent. David, Donald Trump is a forward-thinking guy. I don't sense that you are necessarily gonna be the guy who's ultimately... gonna be the president of one of his organizations. Just have to wait and see. 1l tell you what I didn't like about David, You asked David, “Did Sam step over the line?” Sam did not step over that legal line. He did not break the rules. That's important that you say that, because I sort of thought he did, and you were there, and you don't think he did. I'm gonna be the president of The Trump Organization. I can't do it today. I can't do it today. You know what 'm doing right now? 'm like this. 'm like this. And you know what? Maybe we should all crawl in there, because you know what-- I already said, “Denial is a river in Africa.” I'm not denying anything. Today, I"m crawling. Tomorrow, I'm gonna be like this. Next week, I'm gonna be like this. And in a couple weeks, I'm gonna stand up there, just like he does, and I'm gonna be promoted to president of his organization. Now you're Homo erectus, okay? I like Sam. I think he's a risk taker. You don't think you have to watch him constantly? Yeah. Yeah. But that's all right. You've been taking risks all your life. We'll find out if I hung myself. Mm-hmm. I'm not gonna say any more. All right. Let me get Robin. Robin, let 'em come in, please. Okay. You can go in and see Mr. Trump now. [Trump] So, Troy, I know why you picked Sam. I don't know why you picked David. what happened? I think David is a fantastic logistics person, numbers person. I think that he is gonna make a great right-hand man. [Trump] So you don't think David would make a good leader? That is correct. And Sam you picked because he's just sort of uncontrolled. You wouldn't necessarily trust him with your bank account? - Sam's a maverick. - Would you trust him with your bank account? Absolutely not. With me, I was born with principles, 1 was born with values, and more so, 1 was born with genes. - And you don't think he's got those principles? - Troy, you're-- you're gettin' rough here. For you to say that you would not trust me with your bank account... is saying you think I am dishonest. Maybe it's-- I want you to articulate that to me. Maybe it's lack of discretion, not lack of honesty. Troy, you've done a lousy job as the leader. Really. The women kicked you around badly. And you've done a bad job. Despite that, you did step up, and you do have potential. So, I'm gonna let you stay. Thank you, sir. Now, Sam, it seemed to be unanimous that-- I don't even think it's lack of leadership. - Sit down. - Thank you, Mr. Trump. You gotta be careful, "cause you're a wild man. You'll do great, or you'll be a total disaster. I haven't figured it out yet. David, on the complete opposite side. I don't see that you stepped up at all, You even admitted that you wouldn't have been a good leader. As you both know, we have an elevator that goes up to the suite, and an elevator that goes down to the street. One of you will stay, and one of you will be sent home. And, David, I'm gonna ask you to take the down elevator. You're fired. I'm sorry to hear that. Go ahead, fellas. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. - Thank you, Mr. Trump. - Good luck. [Trump] With David I'm not seeing anything. [ think he's very smart. [I think he's a lovely guy. But I'm not seeing it. That was very interesting... and somewhat surprising. My experience in the suite was okay. Um, it was almost too quick of a time interval... to fully judge it. I thought Sam's song-and-dance routine was absolutely ludicrous. Mr. Trump acknowledged that Sam might be a disaster. [ Think that's probably the pretty likely outcome. I take solace in the fact that I have a higher 1.Q. than the other 15 contestants. Which just goes to show you that there's little correlation... between I.Q. and success in lemonade sales. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 