The Apprentice: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Apprentice 
 s1e4 - Ethics Shmethics - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Apprentice (2004–2017): Season 1, Episode 4 - Ethics Shmethics - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Trump] Previously on The Apprentice. The candidates were shocked to see... that Sam had returned to the suite, - and fason had been fired, - Wow. Frustrated with Sam's antics, his team elected him project manager. You think they maybe made you the team leader to-- That is possible. Well, you know how that doesn't happen? - If you win. - [ Nick ] Either he's incredibly brilliant or he's half nuts. - And he's hilarious. I love him. -[Trump] Meanwhile, Protégé was having problems of their own-- Shut up. As tempers flared between Omarosa and Katrina. Life's too short to be a bitch. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Al the task delivery, the candidates were asked to prove their negotiating skills. Today we're gonna be discussing negotiation. While the women of Protégé easily bargained for their items-- - Go, Michael! Go, Michael! - the men of Versacorp faced some bumpy roads-- - Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-- - as Sam drove his team absolutely crazy. - I'm gonna give him the phone number. -[Sam] I do not want you to give him the number. When the figures were tallied up, the women easily won. [ Cheering ] I"m starting to think that I may never hire a man again. The men went to the boardroom for the third consecutive time. As project manager, Sam was held partially responsible for the team's loss. But he blamed Bowie and Kwame and selected them to be fired, [ respect everyone at this table. -1 have not earned the full respect-- - Isn'tit over, Sam? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 -1 hope not. -1 have no choice. You're fired. Thirteen are left. Who will be fired this week? & So you wanna be the next big thing ;* o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> . You wanna be a spotlight Ah, you wanna be o They'll put you on the front page Wanna see the bright lights ,» & Ah, you wanna see J That millionaire money, money o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> . You wanna have a jet plane Ah, you wanna have & Your face on the big screen You wanna have ;2 & A big yacht Oh, you wanna have > ♪ Your very own TV show J Wanna have a penthouse Ah, you wanna have & Your name on a building Wanna have a spotlight ,» o Ah, you're gonna have that millionaire money, money o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o ING, 113, 113, 113, 137" [Amy] We were absolutely dying to see which one of the guys was fired. But every single one of us would have been in complete shock had it not been Sammy. [Yelling ] That's, like, a nice greeting to come home. All right. Sam was a cancer to everyone in this suite. I think the girls hated him more than any of us ever thought of. Wow! I mean, Bowie walked in the door, and they rejoiced like the Munchkins in the Wizard of Oz. Ding dong, the witch is dead. I don't think so. There are weaker players on this team than Sam, and I'm pissed. I would've been embarrassed if 1 was let go before Sam. If I'm let go before you guys, I'm okay. Oh, yeah. [ Nick] It was a witch hunt to take down Sam. Despicable. He'll get his vengeance through me. [ Phone Ringing ] [Kwame ] Good morning. Our destination is Times Square? Thank you. Troops. All teams need to be ready at 8:00 a.m. Destination Times Square. No further details. [ Heidi ] Here he comes. Here we go. Guys. Hello, folks. Morning, Mr. Trump. We're in the middle of Times Square, one of the great landmarks of the world. Behind me is Planet Hollywood, started by some movie star friends of mine. It's a massive, 50,000-square-foot restaurant... with over 250 employees. The women will manage the restaurant tonight. The men tomorrow night. We're gonna determine who made more money compared to the same time last year. My associates, George and Carolyn... will be keeping a close eye on your progress. As you know, a lot of business is done on golf courses. 1, myself, have closed many major deals there. As a reward, the winning team is going to go... to the best golf course in New York State-- Trump National Golf Club. The losing team, you go to the boardroom, and you know what the boardroom means. That means somebody's fired. Good luck. - Thank you. - Thank you. The men are a lethal weapon right now because they don't have Sam, and I'm more scared of them now than I was with Sam. [ Bill ] We cannot lose now. I mean, if we have to walk back in that boardroom, itis going to be 100% complete embarrassment. [Bill] Let's talk about who's going to be project manager. [ Nick] I nominate Kwame because you displayed.. - Some wonderful leadership skills in the advertising campaign. - V'm up for it. Nick backed away and said he'd prefer not to be leader. That showed to me a lack of confidence. So I don't think he wanted the pressure. - I back Kwame up. - All right. Let's do it, buddy. I nominated Kwame because two out of the three team leaders... that have led the past three tasks have been fired. So I'm expecting for the same thing to happen with Kwame, if we lose this task. I really wanna dress sexy and cute. [ Kristi ] 1 own and run a restaurant, but we've decided on Katrina as our project manager. Katrina and I will work together. She's still gonna be project manager, but I'll probably be restaurant manager. We sold $1,300 worth of lemonade-- [ Heidi] And our lemonade sucked. [ Omarosa ] I've started to be a little more sensitive to the girls, engage them a little more. It's making them drop down their guard and be more accepting of me. Check this out. They've got the space to handle large crowds, but-- [ Ereka ] She's being sweet. She's being really, really nice, and I can't say that I think it's sincere. [ Think it's part of her strategy. [ think if you're alienated, you start learning really quick... that you can't keep going at that pace and think you're still going to be around. One, two, three-- passion! [Man] Planet Hollywood, world famous restaurant bar and lounge. This is our main dining room, right here. Our bar's on the other side of the room. - You wanna take a guided tour? - Hold on. Let's split up to groups. Actually, when we got there we separated into two groups. Amy, Ereka and I met with Roland, who's the general manager. - This is the bar area right here. - How much of your business is your bar at night? One thing sparked our interest right away. Only 25% of his sales is liquor. In restaurant terms, liquor is a huge profit margin-- 300%. This is where we need to be. The girls in there know the product. We just need to bring them over to those girls. The biggest problem Planet Hollywood is having is... you have 30,000 to 40,000 people walking across the street, but they're not coming in. There's Omarosa and Tammy and the three of us. So our job-- we're gonna bring them in. Not only to focus on the food, but to buy the merchandising. You guys, come here. We have a great idea. Okay. Planet Hollywood shooter and shirt girls. - We're gonna walk around with shots and T-shirts. - That's awesome. So market “Meet the Planet Hollywood shooter girls.” - Loveit! - That means we're escorting everyone upstairs. - Let a shooter girl escort you to the top. - Exactly. Shooter girl escort. Beautiful. I cannot wait to get this started. - Extra small! - Cool. [Katrina ] We modeled our idea of the shooters girls after the Hooters girls. Hooters is so successful. Why? Because of the women. [Woman] Here we go. [ Katrina ] Sex does sell. [Trump] Once you make a deal with someone, it's really important to carry it through. You start developing the wrong reputation, it makes it impossible to make future deals. Once you shake hands, that should be it. Hey, guys, come on in today. We have a special today. - Five dollars off a meal. - Come on, guys. Some new T-shirts. - Experience the fun of Planet Hollywood. - Get your sweatshirts now! [Tammy] It was confusing to me 'cause no one knew what was going on really. And then when George tried to corner Katrina, our project manager, to see what was going on-- "Cause we're passionate. Passionate? Okay. We're passionate. That's our motto today. She really couldn't coherently articulate what the plan was... "cause she really was just flying by the seat of her pants. What do you think? Try it on. Come on in. Try it on. Come on in. 1t's not working. We could all have “Planet Hollywood's the Best Restaurant” T-shirts, and people are laughing. Okay, let's talk about what-- Ereka, what you can do to help us out here. [ Katrina ] Ereka actually came up with the idea for us to head over to where... the tourists pick up their tickets for plays and movies... and hand out coupons for the restaurant. Why don't you take a order? Take orders? [fessie ] 1 was like, well, this doesn't sound like a good idea to me. It's a very slim chance that the coupon... will actually come back to the store that evening. [Katrina ] Hi, you guys. We're having a huge party at Planet Hollywood tonight. No cover. Five dollars off the drinks. Five dollars off the food. Awesome, awesome, awesome. There's drafts for 12 bucks. And you get to meet the shooters girls. Meet who? The shooters girls. It's a tougher job than I expected, because the crowds here are used to getting coupons. So we don't know how well that's working. Come to Planet Hollywood tonight! Planet Hollywood! What time do you guys get off work? They're off now. How many are there? [Man] Two thousand, Two thousand of you? we'll hook you up. Yeah. [Man] We'll stop down tomorrow. No. Not tomorrow. Not tormmorrow. Do not go to Planet Hollywood tomorrow. Why? What's up? Only tonight. "Cause tomorrow it's closed. Oh, itis? Yeah. [Amy] I feel like I'm pimping it out. I think the women are falling apart at the seams. It's a high-pressure business. I don't think they're gonna be able to handle it. - Can't stand the heat. - Get out of the kitchen, baby. After the girls had left to go on their task, we did a lot of team bonding. We did a little bit of basketball. There you go. [Troy] Then we pulled out Donald Trump The Game. - [ Kwame ] Open the bidding. -[Troy] Force a sale of any property. I will take 40% ownership of the hotel and casino, give you 60% ownership. -[Bill] Never. Never give up ownership. - We're playing the game, and Bill decides to pipe in on my negotiations. You never give up ownership. That's the first rule in real estate. [Kwame ] No. I'm keeping mine. [ Troy ] Therefore, I said, “Okay. - I'll pipe up when he's negotiating.” - [ Bill ] What you got for me? - That sports complex does you no good. - Never give up ownership. Never give up ownership. - Don't. Don't. - I'm returning-- You started the favor. 1l stop if you stop. Shake on it. Bill stood up, and he says, “Let's make a handshake on it. Let's not talk while the other person's negotiating.” I get payoffs-- Everything that makes money, I get 30% of it. - But, you can sell it and sandbag it. - What happened to the handshake? - You can't back up your handshake. -1 was trying to help you out. Bottom fine, if I have to work with Bill, 1 will. But Bill broke the handshake deal. Bill's a snake. [Jessie ] This is our new waiting area. I'm just setting it all up. - Isn't this a good idea? - [Freka] For people who walk in? [Jessie ] When the girls got back from Times Square, I was bringing tables downstairs. Yeah. Actually, right here is our fast service for appetizers and-- Right here? But, I could tell Katrina was irritated that maybe I went ahead and did something... and didn't consult the group. [Jessie] Come on right over. Jess, they wanna go upstairs. Would you like to go all the way up? Yeah. Okay, have a great dinner. The tables downstairs weren't being effective. So I approached Jessie and said, “Shut it down.” - She took great offense to that. - Well, if you wanna change it, you're the leader. So you tell me. You're obviously getting mad that I'm thinking on my own. No. I'm not getting mad at you for thinking on your own. All I"m saying is that... - I've been told four times that this is a bad idea. - Why are you spazzing out? Are you upset because-- 'm upset because you're upset. I'm not upset at anything. [ Think that you're getting frustrated because something isn't working right, and then you're just trying to find fault so you have somebody to blame it on. I think Jessie's upset because she wasn't leading. And that saddens me because I was more supportive when she was the leader. When all of us are trying to work as a team and I feel like one person doesn't agree with what we're doing, - that's what frustrated me from the beginning. - I think all of our ideas were the same. [fessie ] With the last three tasks, 1 knew from the very beginning we were going to win. But this one, I don't know. I don't know. [Amy Singing ] . Why go to a show 3 When you can come o Planet Hollywood & J* You can hear me sing it now . Five beers for $15 Right now it says “retail net sales, 1,800.” Oh good. Is this tonight? From 5:00 on? No, no, no. This is, um, from the entire day. From when we opened. Last year, we did about 3,300, but we've only made $200 in the last two hours. Those numbers are not good. Based on last year's sales for retail, they're not good. [Tsking ] Cross your fingers. -[ Amy]We're gonna do some shots. - One, two, three, cheers. It's Alabama Slammers. I mean, I'm a girl and I can do about 10 of 'em. [ Heidi ] We need the money and it's slow downstairs, so we're focusing on the alcohol, Because $20 for a T-shirt, it could take you up to 25 minutes to sell it. I can sell $20 in shots in three minutes. One, two, cheers. Cheers. Another round, baby! Heidi was the all-star queen of selling shots. If I owned a bar, that woman would be on every night, selling everything I had. You guys can drink. I've done, like, three shots already. No. I've only done one. This is what Heidi does. She brings the tray over. She's like, “Get the shot. Shot, shot. Order the shot. Get the shot,” and then they'll order the shot. You can do it. Come on. All right. Okay. - All right, guys. - Man] A whole bunch of shots. People were buying rounds of shots. This one guy bought an entire tray of shooters. Just for you. That's a lot of shots. That's all right. [ Chattering ] There was a group of men that bought us shots, and at that point, we let it all go. And it was probably a mistake, but-- One, two, three-- Hurry up. - [Woman] Cheers. To a good night. - Wait, wait, wait. One more. [ Hooting ] [Man] 1 didn't do that one yet. - Listen. I'm really out of control. - You can hold it. You're a big guy. No, I'm not. You're beautiful though. Am I not a big guy? You must be the kicker on a football team, no? Yeah! I could tell the managers were a little uncomfortable. This is not traditionally what they do. We have this thing called “responsible management.” Zero drinking when we're on shift. And we gotta be careful, you know? We're liable for whatever happens to these people when they leave this building. If they leave, right, and they pass out on the street? Then it's gonna be our asses. Ladies and gentlemen, this is last call. This is $200. Okay, $230. [Amy] [ think that we were successful with the shots, but that was only about a tenth of the revenues that were brought in. So, I don't know. I think this is gonna be a tough call for who wins. [Nick] You haven't seen much from me, but I'm waiting. Waiting patiently. Sitting in the wings, watching others take the lead. These people will eliminate themselves one by one. Good morning. How are you? Good. How are y'all? Good morning, young lady. How are you? Oh, very tired. We should be, uh-- We're leaving right now. - Yeah. Right now. - Hey, guys. Break a leg. I mean that literally. [Bowie ] "Cause you're all alone. [Nick] Bottom line is if we win, great. I'll go play some golf. If we don't, we'll be back in the boardroom. I'm feeling quite comfortable there. [Kwame ] Today, we're running Planet Hollywood for a day. I feel like 1 gotta deliver a victory. 1 mean, this may be the last chance for the men to chalk up a win. Nice to meet you. This is the rest of the team. - Troy. Nice to meet you. - It'sontheline, and we're gonna try to do it. - [Troy] Would be... $25,000. - That'd be a great night. - Would be a great night. - We need to have as many people on the front lines as possible, with just a skeleton crew on the interior. Troy and I are basically the street team. We're trying to get traffic into the restaurant. And Nick is also working closer, doing street team activities too. You going up? Good stuff. Yeah. Then Bowie's working the merchandise counter as well as the front door, greeting people. Come on in to Planet Hollywood. Food, drinks, souvenirs. What more do you need from Times Square? Bill is basically meeting with the staff, going over the incentive program we have for the sales team. Whoever can ring up the most gross sales per hour gets a hundred dollars that hour. You can win it again two hours later. You can win it the next hour. Well, they got the right guy up here. Yeah. So what do you guys think? You think we can make this happen? Yeah! [ Troy ] How are you guys? We're having a pretty big shindig going on, one day only. We're gonna have some drink specials. We're gonna have some food specials. Do you have a drink with you now? You want a drink right now? Let me see what I can do. - What kind of drink you want? - Vodka and grapefruit juice. Bowie, this is Troy. Bowie, this is Troy. I need to get a drink order. I need a vodka and grapefruit juice. Make it two, if it's not too much trouble. Two. All right. Hold on. Hey, Troy. No. You cannot take alcohol outside of a restaurant. So, you can do other stuff, but you can't serve alcoholic drinks outside. You want T-shirts and stuff? [ Laughs] I'm with the street team of Planet Hollywood. We wanna make an announcement there's a big party. Sure. Go ahead. Go ahead. Do it right up here? Go on upstairs, 'cause everybody's upstairs. Welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to New York City. Let's go ahead and start boarding on the bus and get everything ready. I've got five dollar gift certificates off for any dinner or any drink, and I've also got T-shirts for sale. Does anybody wanna buy a T-shirt? We've got 'em in black and white. Third floor bar and lounge. Drink specials. Come on in to Planet Hollywood. Only tonight at Planet Hollywood, young lady. You have got to go tonight. Five dollars off a burger, only tonight. This is big. This is big. How can y'all pass up his face? I mean, you passed it up. Come on. Help a redhead out, man. Here's to the happy couple. She needs a drink, man. Bring her upstairs for some specials. She's my sister. Uh-oh. [ Laughs] I'm not a redneck. Man, it feels real crazy, but, hey, I love it right now. I"m out there heckling people, charming "em. Trying to yell and get their attention and bring 'em in the door. [Bill] They're just not getting enough people up here. They're just handing out flyers and yelling “Come in to Planet Hollywood.” Uh, I think Donald Trump would have a heart attack if he saw that happening. Numbers in retail? About 150, last hour. A hundred and fifty dollars? Oh, my God. Yeah. It's not good. Bowie was going to handle the merchandise, selling to patrons and working the floor up here to try to push the glassware, the sweatshirts and T-shirts. Merchandise is killing us. Merchandise, we're down half Ladies, would y'all like a picture to remember yalls experience tonight? That's okay. We don't wanna remember this night, 'cause we're working. I don't want a picture, do you? No. That's all right. Okay. Thank y'all. Would y'all like us to get a picture of y'all remembering y'alls experience? We got key chains for six and photos for eight. You know what he said? - We need to step it up. - Where are we at? We're at about $5,000. For the day? For the day. From about 4:00 shift on. I'm gonna officially hit the panic button. Yeah. We gotta make some-- [ Beeps] [ Bill ] We're improving. But we're still not where we need to be. We needed to be at about $3,000 an hour. We need some magic to happen here real quick. I mean, we need to get more people in there. Bottom line: We do not have enough people in the house. [Troy] It's time to do something drastic. Right now, we need to be hopping. We need to be poppin' like a frog on a hot plate. - Kwame, what you gotta do is-- we gotta figure out a way to create a buzz. - [ Bill ] This isn't working. We're going out for two reasons. One, because we worked our butts off yesterday. Two, because we deserve it. [Woman] Please, let us win. Or for boys to lose. [Women] Oh, my gosh! All right, guys. What do you think the boys are doing right now? Bowre's out yelling. And 7 bet Kwame's like, “Inmy MB.A. class, we came up with a case study for something like this” And analyzing numbers and really trying to implement a very sophisticated strategy and system. Here we go, Kwame Jackson! Ladies and gentlemen, I got free autographs of Kwame Jackson. New York native. Wall Street's finest. After a while of doing the five dollars off, and realizing we weren't getting a buzz goin'in, I came up with a creative spark of genius. One, two, three. There it is. Thank you. Get an autograph from Kwame Jackson. Who's Kwame Jackson? He's a New York man, and he works on Wall Street. That's who Kwame Jackson is. Come on, now. Get your autograph. Kwame Jackson. - Kwame Jackson Get your autograph. - What's up, man? Kwame. People come to me and, you know, hopefully think that I'm worth giving an autograph. Then they come into the restaurant, look at our five dollar-off bar, and hopefully use it in the restaurant. “Gr “Bn? We were doing great with it. Hell, he even started selling merchandise... signing “Kwame Jackson.” [Kwame ] it's $12 for the basketball and five dollars for the baseball. Am [ still signing something for your son? Does this go toward any charity? - Just Planet Hollywood. - Free, and he's here tonight only. Autograph. Kwame Jackson. - What's up? They look like-- [ Beeps ] - Signing autographs? [ Beeps ] Idiots. I"m following you, Bill, because I'm not gonna be part of that. At the present moment, I am thoroughly embarrassed... at what some of them have stooped to, to selling balls... and misleading people to think that Kwame Jackson is some type of sports hero. All right. That's great. Thank you. Just pay $7 at the register. Great. [ Nick] 'll explain to Mr. Trump that I don't do business like that. If it's turned into a circus like this, then he might as well fire me. [ Nick, Halfheartedly ] Drink specials at Planet Hollywood. Half-price drink specials at Planet Hollywood. [Kwame ] 1 haven't really been with Nick all day, but he's just kind of checked out. And for someone to check out on a task, it's more than a land mine, it's a hole in the ship. Happy hour prices still at Planet Hollywood. This is stupid. She gave me a number for last hour's sales, and when I add it up I came up with alarger number. Got a pretty full restaurant right now, 50 I'm hoping once these checks close out... we're gonna be in the neighborhood where we need to be for a victory. We got 14 minutes? We're getting close. We got 14 minutes to get people in to order dinner. We've got a lot of open checks, so-- [Bowie ] Bill looked like the project manager, not Kwame, without a doubt. Bill picked up the slack completely. Let's get these guys in here for dinner. The kitchen's still open. Let everyone know. - Happy hour's still open! - Full menu going till midnight! Full menu! It's comin' down to last call, so we all move inside, and we start working the crowd. Yeah! dgers! Four Jdger and Red Bulls! Playing cards, golf balls, basketballs. -1 got a dessert tray coming. I'm gonna have you go table to table. - I'll sign one for you-- $12. That pepperoni pizza-- it's not Andrea's table. Jason Russo, we need a pepperoni pizza for your table up there. Six bucks. Five. I think we're gonna be all right. I mean, it's gonna be damn close. [ Laughs] We don't know if we hit the hole-in-one. we'll find out in the morning. But I think it's gonna be a photo finish. Last call, everybody! Last call from the bar! [Katrina ] Running that restaurant was the hardest thing I've ever done. But golfing will be fun. We're not gonna be in the boardroom. [Troy] I'm feeling fantastic. I'm feeling absolutely great. I'm looking forward to it, D.T. I'm coming to play on your course. All right, folks. I received some very interesting reports from Planet Hollywood. Let's start with the men. What's going on, Carolyn? Last year's revenue was $13,168. This year they did $14,069-- 36.8% increase. [Trump] George, how did the women do? Last year's revenue was 12,592, This year's revenue was 16,537, which represents an increase of 31.3% over last year. - I think that's pretty good. -[ Trump ] I think that's pretty amazing. Again-- Again, the men are taking a beating. What happened? What's going on? [ Carolyn] The women focused more on the bar, the biggest dollars. They spent way more time inside the restaurant selling drinks and merchandise... rather than hawking five-dollar coupons outside. Both the bar and lack of merchandising hurt you quite a bit. There was this happy hour. You tried to generate people to get up there. But then there was nothing that happened there. Well, for a great reward, the women are going up to what a lot of people consider... the best golf course anywhere in the state of New York, Trump National, and you're gonna have a lot of fun. [Applause ] The men-- you're going to your suite. I'm gonna see you at the boardroom in a little while. Someone is getting fired, As the team leader, I'm not gonna do any speeches. [ Think everybody knows what they did and how much weight they pulled, and we'll go from there. [Bowie ] [ think the mood in the house right now is mainly just shock. Everyone's kinda goin', “What the hell just happened? How did we lose that again?” Remember that time when your dog got run over when you were a kid? That's how I feel right now. I feel like a pet was just killed. [Tammy] There's a lot of business deals done on the golf course. Not that people are really talking about business so much, but it's really a social sport, and the more you get to know a person, the higher the probability you're gonna close deals. -'Cause people do business with people that they like. - Oww! I don't wanna do golf! I can't fake it. I don't like golf. 1'd rather watch a football game. [Tammy] We spent about 30 minutes at the driving range, and then we headed out to the 13th hole, which had a waterfall and is absolutely breathtaking. [Applause ] [Man] Good job! Good job! Thank you very much. - Hello, folks. - Hit I've had something on my mind, and I really want to talk to you about it, so let's go into Carolyn's office. [Omarosa] When Mr. Trump said “I need to talk with you all,” I didn't know what to expect. Now, I don't want to ruin your day of golf at Trump National, but I have something to say. You are smart, dynamic and attractive women. You beat the guys fair and square. But you're coming a little close to crossing the line, relying on your sexuality to win. Well, it's unnecessary. Carolyn? Things like that aren't going to get you the job here. I want to know that one of you may be president of one of his companies. - Anyway, good luck. -/ Women ] Thank you. Boys? Hello! [Troy] Hey. How are you? -[ Bill ] So, the golf course was nice? -[ Omarosa ] We got laid into today about the sexuality thing. They actually had to say to us “too much sex,” and that's embarrassing. If being attractive is wrong, then we did something wrong. [ Laughing ] [ Troy ] came up with an idea that I'm gonna tell everybody, “Get your autograph from Kwame Jackson.” They asked who he was. I said, “He's from New York City, and he works on Wall Street.” That was all I said. And this kid bought this ball, and he thinks he's got an NBA player's autograph. - Who said NBA? - Was it borderline gray? You know and I know it was. Nobody said it wasn't gray. Wait a second. I did nothing wrong. Someone asks me who I was, Isay, “Kwame Jackson from Charlotte, North Carolina.” How would you explain to the little boy whose father makes five dollars an hour? - Yeah? - His father had to work two hours to get that ball. -1 didn't sell the kid crack. - Wow. This discussion's over. [ Kwame ] It's not over, Nick! You're walking away! You're grandstanding like Sammy. [ Nick ] 1 don't mind being back in that boardroom. I guarantee Kwame's gonna bring me in there. But I've formulated a wonderful defense if that happens. - We're gonna get a browbeating tonight. - They've eliminated half of our team. What happened though is, we've been kicked in the-- [ Beeps ] SO many times... that we're just disarrayed, and we're making stupid mistakes. Today is a very somber mood... in the loft among the men. We're going to face the boardroom again tonight. Kwame's gonna have to pick two guys to bring info the boardroom session with him this evening. I think I could go up, and I can think of another one that should go up. Oh, well, there's always one obvious. [Bowie ] Nick was not motivated for this one. He faded and just failed at the very end. [ Think this one's gonna get pinned on Nick, and it should, Merchandise didn't do better, but 1 bet you I did better than the girls did last night. Mm-hmm. [ Bill ] Bowie took responsibility for merchandising, and there was definitely a failure in the plan... because we did not capitalize on the merchandising. They're gonna eat me alive. Who knows? We just got our asses kicked. That's all that happened. [ Bowie ] If I was project manager and taking someone else up, I'd take Kwame up. I don't think he did a great job of leading. There was really no one in charge of the bar. That was an error. Okay, fellas. So, what happened? As team leader, first of all, excuses don't explain and explanations don't excuse, so I'm not here to offer any today. Where we got beat was at the bar. Being outnumbered five to eight, we weren't able to assign more resources to help Bill in the restaurant itself. That's where we got beat. I think it was because of numbers, and I think we executed our strategy well. 1 got the feeling from all of you, all yourre trying to do is protect your ass. You weren't really looking at whether you were gonna win this one. You didn't have the manpower? Work harder. Move faster. When the women were there, everybody was smiling. Nick, you looked like you were dying out on the street and said, “What am I doing here?” I disagree with that 100%. I was happy. I was upbeat. I brought a significant amount of traffic in that day. - Especially the younger crowd-- mid-20s, late 20s-- - Let me ask you something. How many coupons were redeemed? It wasn't-- It wasn't a ton. Okay, your're five very intelligent people. And three of you were busy giving five-dollar coupons out... instead of being in the operation, seeing what could improve the operation, like increasing your bar and merchandise sales. Take your seed money and hire somebody. That's why you see people walking around with those big placards giving cards away. Because management's not gonna do it. They're too busy. They're too valuable. - Bill, who did the worst job in the group? -1 was inside the restaurant the entire night. 1 did not have a pulse on what was going on out there, so for me to make a decision like that, it's not fair. - Who do you think, Nick? Who blew it? - Kwame. [Trump] why? There was a tactic that was used later on in the evening that I didn't agree with. That's what I'm basing this decision on-- about one of the sales tactics to get people in the restaurant. What was the sales tactic that you didn't agree with? They had a table-- uh, basketballs. It was kind of like he was a celebrity-- “Get your signed autograph by Kwame Jackson.” I thought it was misleading. [Trump] Troy, what's the answer? 1 would have to absolutely say Nick. I didn't feel the smile and the enthusiasm off of Nick. I think Nick does wonderful, but he was disappointing yesterday. [Trump] Bowie. Who? I hate to say this, but I truly think operating the worst, I would have to say Nick. Nick was doing great early on, and then he lost it-- he lost his motivation. It dropped away. I'm a big fan of staying positive-- I-It's a little discouraging to see members of my team behaving in a way that-- -1 would never do something like that. - Like who? Kwame and Troy with that whole sales ploy. That'll deflate anybody. How can I stay upbeat when that's going on? What about when that little kid who just spent 12 bucks on a ball goes home on the Internet... and looks up Kwame Jackson and doesn't see anything? It was the same idea of capitalizing, like the women capitalizing on their sexuality. I had some balls, and I signed them. I never told anybody I played a sport, that I was in any team. I said, “I'm Kwame Jackson from North Carolina.” -[ Troy] That was it. - And what happened? What happened? You lost! “What happened?” [ Nick ] We lost! We lost! Well, obviously there were some areas of opportunity that we could've improved upon, but since Troy took the lead, the end result was a loss. Now, Kwame, you're the team leader. Who are the two people that you think did not do a good job? I think Nick, because he just checked out of the game, and that disappointed me. A tougher choice is to say Bowie. If1look at Troy as an A-plus effort in terms of his creative ideas and his energy on the street, and I look at Bill in terms of his A-plus effort and his ability to manage the restaurant all by himself, I have to say that Bowie, relative to those two A-pluses, was an “A,” but underperformed. That's why I have to say Bowie and Nick. All right, then Troy and Bill, you go up to the suite, and Kwame, Bowie and Nick, you three guys go outside, and we'll call you back in a minute. Thank you, Mr. Trump. You did good. [Trump] I hate to lose Nick. [ George ] He is not a team player. [ Tend to agree with you, George-- I don"t like the fact that he's taken himself out of the game, or whenever something doesn't go his way, he just removes himself. [ Trump ] You could make the case that Kwame did a lousy job as the captain. [ George ] Yet I still think Kwame's got a lot of leadership qualities, and I wouldn't like to see him go. [Trump] What about letting go of Bowie? He's very energetic, enthusiastic. [Trump] But he was in charge of merchandising, and that was a total failure. - [ George ] Tough choice. -[ Trump ] It's a tough call. Let's just talk to "em for a minute. Robin, let 'em in. Okay. You can go in now, guys. Kwame, as the team leader, why wouldn't you be fired tonight? Why wouldn't I be fired? Because if I had to judge my performance relative to Nick's, I think that I outperformed. [ Nick] May-- May I speak Mr. Trump? Pt - Go. -1 would argue that they're trying to eliminate me. They're trying to eliminate me. If we're-- Okay, go ahead. I believe I'm the strongest here, and I am a born leader. Yesterday was a bit embarrassing. I'm not gonna participate in shenanigans like that. - We're you in favor of it or not? - At first, no, I wasn't in favor of it. If you ever wanna say if I was a hundred percent in favor of it, no, I was not. - But at the end you were very much in favor of it. - Not very much. Some. But I was promoting the happy hour "cause I knew that's what-- - So you were teetering a little bit? - That's right. I was teetering. I was walking the gray line. This is a very, very tough choice. There's no clear-cut decision here. Kwame, you did a lousy job in leading. The women beat you up. You made some questionable ethical decisions. But [ really believe you have a lot of potential. So you live for another week and we see. You, Bowie-- Yes, sir. Really have shown a lot. -1l be honest. Yes, sir. But you failed miserably in merchandising at Planet Hollywood. Nick, you gave up on your team, but at times you've shown great potential, 1 would love to see you lead next week. And therefore, Bowie, 1 have to say you're fired. [Trump] Go ahead. Thank you, Carolyn. Thanks, George. [Kwame ] Best of luck, Bowie. Yeah. [Trump] Bowie is somebody I really like. 1 just don't know that Bowie presented himself very well. [ Carolyn ] This was tough. [Trump] That was a tough decision. -1t's only gonna get tougher. - But hopefully we made the right decision. I really wish I could've won a reward. Getting shut out by the girls four in a row, that really makes it a bad experience. But if the guys lose the next four, then I'm really glad I went this week... and I didn't go four weeks from now, "cause then you're an eight-time loser. Right now we've just lost four times in a row. No matter what happens with all these other people, 1 know we'll all still be close. We've all gone through the same experiences. Mr. Trump, thank you for all your time, for all the experience. It's been great, and I look forward to hopefully working with you one day. Thanks, and have a good one. Bye. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 