The Apprentice: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Apprentice 
 s1e10 - Wheeling and Dealing - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Apprentice (2004–2017): Season 1, Episode 10 - Wheeling and Dealing - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Trump] Previously on The Apprentice. After two straight losses, Versacorp was allowed to pick a member from Protége... to even out the teams. - We're gonna take Amy. - Don't you think you're giving Amy a little too much power? Maybe what you're telling me is I should just give her the job right now. For their next task, teams had to pick an artist and sell their artwork at a gallery. As the project manager, Nick picked a mainstream artist.. Against the objections of his team. - I really would like you guys to see Leah's work. - I already made a decision. It's Andre. Meanwhile, Omarosa's lunch plans interfered with Heidi's work plans. We don't have time to sit down for two hours. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I think you're being really rude, Heidi. I'm not being-- [ Beeps ] rude. I can't frickin' stand you. You whine and complain. Bitch, bitch, bitch. [Trump] That night, Protégé's choice to pick... a provocative and sometimes X-rated artist... proved to be a tough sell, What itis is everybody wants a virgin outside of the bedroom; everybody wants a whore inside the bedroom. Ah, yes! That is what I see. [Trump] Nick's decision to stick with his gut instinct paid off, and Versacorp won by more than $12,000. Back at the suite, Heidi was distracted by her mother's illness. Are the doctors optimistic? [ Heidi] My mom is doing well. She's still in the hospital now. - They're doing tests on Tuesday just to make sure. - All right, love you. Bye. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [Trump] In the boardroom, the drama between Heidi and Omarosa escalated. My concern was sitting down in a restaurant could take longer than 25 minutes. If she explained it that eloquently to me yesterday, we probably wouldn't have a problem. You didn't let me get a chance to. - But because she likes to drop the “F” bomb every five minutes-- - Oh, my God! [Trump] Omarosa's endless confrontations with her teammates finally caught up with her. I don't like the fact that you two argued over whether or not to have lunch... when you have a small amount of time, and you are the one that wanted the lunch. Omarosa, I don't like excuses. You're fired. [Trump] Seven candidates are left. Who will be fired this week? & So you wanna be the next big thing ;* o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> . You wanna be a spotlight Ah, you wanna be o They'll put you on the front page Wanna see the bright lights ,» & Ah, you wanna see J That millionaire money, money o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> . You wanna have a jet plane Ah, you wanna have & Your face on the big screen You wanna have ;2 & A big yacht Oh, you wanna have > ♪ Your very own TV show J Wanna have a penthouse Ah, you wanna have & Your name on a building Wanna have a spotlight ,» AR, you're gonna have J That millionaire money, money o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o ING, 113, 113, 113, 137" Omarosa plays a very defensive game. [Troy] Kwame, me, Omarosa and Heidi had to go to the boardroom. Kwame and I have been a team forever. We've never not been a team. 1 was so anxious for him to come back. Did he ask you who the weakest link was? Yes. [Katrina ] 1 would fire Omarosa. /don't agree... with the way she conducts business and the way she carries herself. [Door Opens ] - No. - Is anyone home? [Screams ] Hi! [ Cheering ] Yeah! Oh, my God! [ All Chattering ] Oh! Omarosa's gone! Yea! [Amy] Congratulations, you guys, for making it back. -1t's a relief off my shoulder. - Look how much stronger your team is now... because there's not conflict you have to deal with. The team was getting dragged down. [ think she was hindering team performance. I wanted an electric shock button, but I didn't have one. I don't know if we're stronger without Omarosa. Omarosa was very detail-oriented. She was one extra brain, one extra body. But with that came some conflict and some friction. Who knows how it weighs out in the end? [ Siren Wailing ] [ Heidi] Today, I was able to visit my mom in the hospital. Hey, you. It's so good to see you. My sister met me outside. It was so good to see her. Is she okay? She's fine. My mom had the operation, and it was successful, She's doing great. The doctors are so optimistic they got everything out, it hasn't spread. 1 just feel so much better seeing her. - However, it does put things into perspective. - Love you. This game is not the only thing in life that counts. First and foremost, my family comes above anything. You have to prioritize what's important. [ Telephone Ringing ] Good morning. Hi, this is Robin from Mr. Trump's office. He wants you to meet him at 9:30 across from the Plaza Hotel. There's a stand there with rickshaws. Great. Thank you. [Bill] We're geared up. We're ready for anything. Bring it on, baby. I'm ready. - Good morning. - [ All] Good morning. Now, this is gonna be interesting today. Transportation in New York City is a basic disaster. Getting around in the city is tough. It doesn't get any tougher anywhere in the world, Each team is going to manage a fleet of pedicabs. Starting tomorrow, for one eight-hour shift, you must design and implement a business plan... to increase revenue for the pedicab company. The shift ends promptly at 6:00 p.m., no later. At the end of the day, we'll find out.. Who makes the most money by managing the fleet. It's very simple. The losing team... will see me in the boardroom. Somebody's getting fired. Have fun. Good luck. You can prearrange appointments, possibly. Make appointments. Give people free rides today. [ Heidi] We elected Troy the project manager last night. Because I was a project manager, then Kwame, and it's just going round and round. We're just being fair about it. There's no ifs, ands, whys or buts. It's his turn. We can have two teams, "cause we have one rickshaw thing. It would be like us being the celebrity rickshaw. [Kwame ] In order to actually win this game, you had to think... where's the other angle to get money we can't get from just running rickshaws around the city? We started to brainstorm on how we would manage our drivers, develop an incentive program, figure out a central location for where we wanted our drivers to go. [Troy] The other thing is, could we sell a prepaid punch card in advance? Would they buy 10 rides in advance? That would create a higher profit. I came up with a creative idea that we're gonna sell prepaid punch cards. We're gonna buy volume discounts from the owner of the rickshaw company. Then we can go out and sell "em in advance. Do you know where we could sell those? All these fancy hotels, and Central Park. It's won, you guys. I guarantee you; it's won. This is the company. The Manhattan Rickshaw Company. What about getting costumes? [ Bill ] In this task, lam the project manager. It was either gonna be myself or Amy. Amy and I decided to flip a coin, and the coin came up with my side. We could all dress up in different Disney characters, or whatever. It's a schtick. Ben Affleck, Sharon Stone. Or even have a contest every hour on the hour to see who makes the most. I think a girl-- to have a girl driving them around Manhattan-- That's a catch. There's something to that. I think we really, really, really need to go market at the tourist ticket center... right by Planet Hollywood. [Amy] We could advertise on the back of the rickshaw. [Bill] And then Amy said, “Well, let's sell advertising to 'em.” It was like a lightbulb went off. We instantly knew that this could be something that we were on to. Oh, my God. Now we're thinking, guys. Let's call up everyone we've met who has the restaurants and things... and see if they wanna buy advertisement on the rickshaw. We could be like NASCARS. You ever see those guys? They got patches all over their car, their bodies. If we put this together, it'll be a bloodbath. [Troy] [ think that looks great. -1t looks legit. - I'm feeling good now. I like those. They're really slick. For as many people as you can, call up and just say, “Hey, we're representing the Rickshaw Cab Company.” If you don't wanna call 'em, then please come up with a list of people we can go see. Cold leads on this type of situation, calling and trying to sell somebody our products over the phone like that-- Most likely, they're gonna hang up. [Kwame ] [ think Heidi-- she's managing this situation with her mom... as best as anybody could, if not better. That's a difficult thing. I lost my mom to cancer when ll was 15. So I know that situation very well. [ Heidi] Hey, Mom, how you doin'? [Kwame ] And it is distracting and it is something that is constantly on your mind. Can we sit down and talk to you? Sit, sit. We have two beautiful women actually taking them around the city. - Pedaling. These two beautiful women pedaling. - Exactly. - We wanted to see if you wanted to advertise on one of the rickshaws. - Sounds good to me. I'll do it. I'm gonna have to go cash. I like it. [Bill] We went to two establishments tonight after-hours. Two of the three places that we visited this evening are gonna participate... in our advertising campaign on the rickshaws. We're gonna do it. For tomorrow, right? [ Telephone Line Ringing ] [Woman] Marquis Jet. - [Amy ] Hi. Is Ken there? - Hi, Amy. How are you? Just fine. How are you? mowell. 1 split off to make calls to people that we had previously made relationships with, like Marquis fet. I'll do it under one condition. You've both gotta wear... Marquis hats and Marquis shirts all day. Sounds like a deal. Yes! Talk to you later. Okay. Guy from the rickshaw company asked me if they were gonna be selling any big-ticket items. Wonder what that's all about. They're not riding rickshaws. In fact, they're not gonna even see the rickshaws. How do you know they're not gonna see the rickshaws? "Cause Heidi told me. Really? Huh. So what else do you know? If you guys ask me, I'll tell you. You guys haven't stopped to actually ask me my opinion on things. “If you guys would've asked for my opinion--" I mean-- I feel like we've asked-- You guys have not asked for my opinion. And every time I've said anything, you guys have shut me up. I'm being honest with you. 1t's convenient for you to use me... when my looks take our-- Wait a minute. You don't use that yourself? Are you kidding me? It's not convenient for you either? Bill-- We're a team, and we"re either gonna win as a team or lose as a team. I"m successful for a reason, and it's not solely because of my looks. And I feel like every idea I came up with yesterday, you tossed, I'm sick and tired of it, so I'm just like not gonna get involved anymore. [Katrina ] Bill doesn't listen to any of my ideas. He uses me whenever it's convenient for him. Whenever we go to a sales pitch, he turns to us and says, “Oh, these beautiful women will be driving.” But what about my ideas? I'm not a pinup doll. Riding a rickshaw because a woman would be riding a rickshaw that looked cute-- And that's really offensive to me, to be honest with you. Right. Because I'm not successful because I dress cute. I don't-- I believe in a democracy. I would never wanna run it like Troy. [ Think you believe that, but your actions don't. Yeah, well, apparently, in your opinion they don't. I just don't agree with your leadership style. [Bill] The bottom line is this. Katrina doesn't like the way I lead. My advice to her is step aside, then. [ Think we're gonna have a very, very substantial portion of this building leased before we start construction. [Trump ] Thinking outside of the box... ls something that is very much of a cliché. But if you really wanna be successful, that's how you're gonna have to do it. People love the beauty of the building, and they love the location of the building. And I think they like Trump. [Troy] Old Donald Trump announced the task. We gotta go ahead and manage a team of rickshaws for the day. The team that generates the most money wins. Kwame, come up with an incentive program for the rickshaw drivers. The driver who earns the most money ls gonna get an extra hundred dollars at the end of the day, flat out. The driver who earns the most before noon, you're gonna get an extra hundred dollars. Prefity simple. Are they good? Are they exciting? I'm excited about it. All I can say now is really get out and make as much money as you can. We're out of here. Kwame. Best of luck. All right. Go get it done. [Troy] Heidi and myself are gonna go out and do the sales aspect of the rickshaw. And Kwame will be the one doing the pedaling of the bike. [ Kwame] Any rides today? Any rides? Okay, this is gonna go on-- All these are going on one car. These two on the side. Okay. [Bill] In order to win the task, we have to yield the biggest profit. So we'd like to sell advertising in as much space as we can. It's a great tool to generate income. So we're converting the rickshaws into NASCARs. All right, Warnock. Well on our way, baby. I'm putting myself in for a horrible loss and the possibility of getting terminated, So I weighed the risk and the reward, and at this stage of the game I need to hit a home run. Do you need aride? I'm in. Go ahead. Hop in. - There we go. - Thank you very much. Pedicab ride. Would you guys like a pedicab ride today? Pedicab ride, ma'am? Sir? Rides today? Ride today? [Kwame ] I suck as a rickshaw driver. 1 don't know why. I was ringing my bell, 1 was asking people if they wanted rides. I dom't know. I wasn't successful as a rickshaw driver. Anybody need a ride? Hey, guys. What's up, Bill? Sorry, bro. No problem. This one is hanging tough. We have to go get another Acqua Pazza picture. We gotta get two, because this one fell off. [Nick] If we don't have a good couple hours with this guy's signs up, I think we should go back and give him a few hundred dollars back. He has gotten a value out of this. Right. You gotta put a price on that. [Man] Front desk. Umberto, please. One of the side signs got destroyed on the pedicab. Are you gonna give me acredit or what? We did have it out there for a good part of the morning. Fine. But you come here, well talk about it. All right, fair enough. You wanna go meet this guy and handle this? Um, I could. [ Nick] I'm very big on business ethics. You have to be able... to look them in the eye and be happy with the transaction. 'Cause without your reputation, you're pretty much finished. Think about the big picture, man. We need every penny we can get. Hey; sir, would you like a ride on a rickshaw? [Amy] We thought that we had these wealthy execs, investment bankers, hotshots in New York City. Surely we could get 50-dollar fares. Can he go with me? Uh-huh. Absolutely. You wanna go two blocks to the court? Ten dollars a person. Ten dollars a person? We can walk the two blocks. [Amy] But, no. Come on! These guys wouldn't ride a rickshaw with two lovely ladies. So we were kind of shocked. How about 25 bucks, both of ya? Come on. It's supporting a great cause. The Marquis Jet? That's a great cause? Come on! You wanna ride on the rickshaw? Huh? Oh, yes, I can. [Katrina ] Amy really will do anything to sell. She's too pushy. She thinks that every man's in love with her... and every woman wants to be her best friend, and she's wrong. Cute guys. [Troy] We go to the “W” Hotel, and they say, “Hey, come back and talk to us.” We go to our next meeting, which is Tavern on the Green. We kind of get the same, “Well, come back next week and talk to us.” [Heidi] We're getting killed right now. It's then and there that I realized, “Wait a second. We've sold about $ 100 worth of stuff.” But we spent advertising dollars, and I added it up. We'd only made $11.25. Okay, here's what I say. We need to take 20 minutes and map it out. Because right now, we're just walking aimlessly. I agree. I told 'em if you're lost in the woods, the first thing you never do is try to walk yourself out. Our rickshaw drivers are doing fine. I am not doing good being apart from you. But I know the card works. She sells better face-to-face, but we don't have an opportunity to be face-to-face with anybody. You were out riding the rickshaw not making anything. So together, let's work on the number one thing, and that's having fun. Let me go change my clothes, and I'll-- You wanna change? Sure. 1'm gonna hoop it up on that rickshaw. And we either hoop it all the way to the bank or all the way to the boardroom. [Kwame ] Troy was wearing a suit earlier in the day. When he decided we were all gonna have fun, he basically said, you know, “I'm gonna put on my cowboy hat.” And like Superman, he got in the booth and changed. He was no longer Clark Kent. He became Troy, the cosmic cowboy. Yee-haw! Let's go! How you doin'? Yee-haw! You're gonna make a left. We're makin' a left. Watch out! [ Truck Horn Honks ] Rickshaw, baby! Rickshaw cowboy! Here's a crowd of people. Get'em, Troy. Get 'em. [ Bell Dinging ] I"m the rickshaw cowboy! How you guys doin' today? Rickshaw rides. I'll pull over and talk to people. Make a time for a Central Park tour. Tie my own flies. Right there is my best fly I ever had. Yee-haw! I'm pedaling, people are laughing. People are having fun. And, man, it just starts clicking. We start selling these things, 'cause we"re having fun and we believe in it. Got the Greenwich Village, Wall Street-- Okay, great. Thanks. Thank you very much. You guys have a nice day. Sixty. You should see how I was doin' it. There you go. Gettin' it done. Yee-haw! So you're here to discuss a credit with me? I just wanna give you back the $250. I appreciate that. That's very nice of you. Thank you very, very much. You're welcome. Here you go. Thank you very much. We really appreciate it. You're very welcome. Thank you for giving me the opportunity. No problem. All right. Thanks again. Take care. Bye-bye. [ Cell Phone Ringing ] - This is Nick. - Hey, Nick, how's it going, man? It would've been so easy to just say, “Hey, come on, Umberto. It was up there for a few hours and whatnot.” But I wouldn't have felt good about it. And if I don't feel good about it, I'm not gonna do it. That sucks, man. Damn! Bye-bye. Nick refunded him the whole amount of money. What? For the one sign. I told him to offer him $100. So Nick gave him the whole 250 back. He says, “I didn't feel right.” But the guy got a half a day worth of advertising. I know. So we lost 250. We're spending more money doing refunds. There's no reason that we need to go show "em that stuff. [ Bill ] We're playing for high stakes now. The other team, they're a creative bunch. They're hard-working. You never know what could happen. They could pick up a $3,000 fare somehow, someway. This is New York City. Nothing's out of the question. [ Heidi] Are you interested in a pedicab ride? You want a ride? You and your loved one? Your lover? You guys interested in Manhattan Show Company? No? You don't want a ride? Damn it! I can't win today. That's all right. How did I go from corporate America to this? 1 just wanna know. People need to have more sex, because everyone is just so miserable. You guys-- You guys, Is that Team Versacorp? Is thata “v”? Where? On the flag. Yes, it is. [Troy] There you go. [ Heidi] What"s that, you guys? [Troy] We see the other team's rickshaw go by. And [ said, “By God, they might ve sold advertising on the back of their rickshaws.” That's a great idea. I didn't think of it. Are you okay? Yep. We were lookin' up the ass of a dead dog with fleas if we thought we were gonna go up against 'em. How'd this tie work today? Good? No. No, it usually works better. No? ls that all the money? Yeah. [Bill] At the end of today, we all got together and the drivers handed us their money. These guys didn't make a ton. What you got? Not a lot. The results were very negligible. It was a very poor response. I mean, I was disappointed. I don't know, Bill. This one [ think we won. I don't know, man. I hope we pulled it off, dude. If we lose this task, Bill will definitely take me to the boardroom, and I'll be the first person to say that he was a horrible P.M. How you doin'? How you doin'? People were everywhere. I've been working hard. Good. You guys did awesome. You got the largest single fare. Really? From where? The most money before noon was Elena. Yea! Elena takes it home. Thank you very much. Unfortunately, we have a big boss meeting. Okay, let's go. We're leavin'. So, how'd we do? -1 think we did pretty well. - You think you won? We're cautiously optimistic. So? I think we had a fantastic day. We had a fun day. We'll just let the-- But do you think you won? 'M feeling cautiously optimistic. Could it be a fun day if you didn't win? Absolutely. - The day can't be taken away. - I've never liked losing personally. - George, how did they do? - Well, I got the results here from Versacorp. From the cab fares, they didn't do well at all. They got $651.29 in the cabs. But then, they went outside the box. They decided they were gonna sell advertising. And in the advertising, they got another $3,450. Most of the ads, I see, were companies that you'd dealt with before... or people that you'd dealt with before, so you already had a connection. So as far as the total profit was concerned, their total profit was $3,680 for the day. - Not bad. - Alittle less than we anticipated, but we came in all right. A lot of ads. Carolyn. Well, I followed Protégé around, and they focused heavily on transportation. Unfortunately, that's all they focused on was just transportation. So they actually had a profit of $382.68. Wow. You didn't do very well. - Did you think of advertising? - We didn't think of advertising. So that's a pretty good thumping? They gave us a good thumpin' without a doubt. All right. For the winners, you did a great job. After fighting traffic in the streets, you're going to take a ride around Manhattan... on a gorgeous yacht called Calypso. All of you are gonna do it. You're gonna have fun. For the losers, this was just a romp. At this stage of your job interview, I am not impressed, I'll see you back at the boardroom. I may just fire all of you. [Man] How you doin'? Hi. I'm the captain. Welcome aboard Calypso. Do I get to take the wheel for a spin on this bad boy? Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. [Bill] We had a little victory celebration. Had some drinks, had some toasts. Just kind of enjoyed the moment. Now we're talkin', baby. I like it. [Bill] That's really what you have to do in this type of situation, because you don't really have a lot of time to savor the wins. Tomorrow's a new day, and we gotta move on to a new challenge. So you cherish every minute that you have. Can you hand me one of those with the pecans on top? This? Can I feed it to you? [ Laughing ] Thanks. [Katrina ] Amy and Nick have some kind of love affair going on. But I haven't quite determined whether she's playing Nick... or Nick's playing her. They're playing each other in some sort of strange way. 1 think Amy thinks she's playing Nick, but I think in the end Nick Il win. No, I just think that you're hard to read. Yeah, that's a pretty good assessment. And you're always staring off into space, and 'm wondering what you're thinking,. You wonder what I'm thinking about. And I'm intimidated. Intimidated? I think so. I 'am a little. Are you being sarcastic? Yeah. [ Nick] Amy's a very strong player, and it's good to be semi-aligned with her, 'cause she's very, very sharp. That can only help both of us. This is getting very competitive at this point. I don't think so. I think I'm still in partnership mode. [Amy] Not only have I had 10 consecutive wins. My goal at this point in time is now to make it to the end without ever losing. So we'll see. Cute. [Troy] If we have to go into it and it just comes down to him and I, the only promise I make to Kwame is the warrior's code, and that is that my sword's gonna be sharp. I'm gonna swing it hard and fast, and I"m gonna cut you clean. And may the best man win. [Kwame ] Troy could get fired 'cause he's the project manager. I could get fired "cause Donald Trump is probably tired of my-- [ Beeps ] at this point. Heidi could get fired just because she's still kind of on the periphery. And even though Donald likes her, there wasn't really something substantive that he could point to and say, “Heidi, here's a reason to keep you around right now.” At least she doesn't need to go into radiation. It's not in the organs, which is good. But, you know, 3 little bit is still in her lymph nodes, and they wanna zap it out. 1 really, really dorn't want you to go, so please don't go in there and resign. "Cause I'll be pissed off at you. I swear to God, I won't. I'll be totally myself. At the same time, Katrina, you have to prioritize what's important. Family is the most important thing to me in the world. Sorry, but my mom's health ls a little bit more important than winning the pedicab task. - Did Troy tell you what he's gonna say in there? - Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. "Cause we're going there as a team tonight. We're not going there like Omarosa and backstabbing and-- You'll be fine. Oh, my God. I gotta get ready. So you guys had a good time though? Yeah, it was a lot of fun. It was very windy. I mean, it was like splashing water. - Troy, what time are we leaving? - I've got something to announce to you, Heidi. I've made my selection. I'm taking you and Kwame to the board-- [Troy] There's no pickin' or selectin' who goes into the boardroom. There's three people on my team, and three people go into the boardroom. So that accountability is on my shoulders. Ladies and gentlemen-- Ladies and gentlemen-- We're goin' in as a team. Let's do the deed. Hi. How are you? Good evening. Good evening. So you were badly beaten. You wanna be president of one of my companies? At this stage, I didn't see any creative ideas from any of you. So what happened? Troy, you're the leader. We"d all come up with an idea that we thought was fantastic, and that idea was the prepaid rickshaw card services. Because we can only sell for one day within an eight-hour period, we thought, get the money today, but they can use 'em in the future. The idea was fantastic. Heidi did a fantastic job on selling the cards that we had. Kwame did a fantastic job on handling the finances and selling. So how come the other team was so much better than you? They had a brilliant idea that they came up with. That you didn't come up with? That we did not come up with. Absolutely. Our idea was great. Theirs was brilliant. And sometimes, that's just the way it goes. - Heidi, how come you keep shaking your head? - I'm not shaking my head. I"m not. It looks to me like you're disagreeing with what he's saying. I"m not disagreeing. I"m really not. I do agree. Would you say that it's fair to say that... you kind of put all of your eggs in one basket, came up with this idea, made a couple of appointments the day before, and did nothing after that? - Would you say that was a fair assessment? - No, I wouldn't say that was a fair assessment. - Okay, you came up with the idea of the prepaid. - Yeah - What else did you come up with? -1 can answer that question. Well, I directed it at Heidi. You know what? He came up with that idea. He was adamant on doing it, so I supported it. And to be honest with you, I thought that would be a good idea. - You think so now? - No. Your're saying this was basically Troy's idea? He's the one who-- Again, just answer. This was basically Troy's idea-- yes or no? Yes, it was. Okay, that's it. -1 got that part of it. - [ Troy ] Can I say one thing though? Sure. Even in comparing to the other team, because we're talking about the other team being so successful, which we all concur they are, wouldn't you say they put their eggs all in one basket also? Yeah, but it worked. - Did any of you drive the rickshaw? - I drove the rickshaw. And how did you do when you drove it? I stunk driving the rickshaw. Why? Uh, no particular reason. I went to all the areas suggested... by the team of drivers who were experienced. I went to Times Square. I went by Rockefeller Center. I went by St. Patrick's Cathedral. I rang my bell-- How many customers did you get? - I got zero customers. - So it was a big waste of time? Kwame, do you think Troy did a bad job as the leader? No, I don't at all. Do you think Heidj did something wrong? - No, I don't think they did anything wrong. - Who would you throw out? Just because Troy has been with me kind of throughout this experience... and he's kind of exuded a lot of positive energy, I would choose Heidi, but I think she's done a phenomenal job-- - You would choose Heidi to go out? - Yep. Who would you choose, Heidi? If I had to choose, I would have to choose Troy, 'cause he was the P.M. and you have to take accountability. - Do you have any other questions, Carolyn? - No. - Do you have any other questions? - Doesn't anybody wanna ask me that question? Well, you're gonna be asked. "Cause ultimately, you're gonna make the choice as to who goes out now. You know that? No, I didn't know that. Well, that's what's gonna happen. All right. Normally, you keep two. Well, now you're down to three because you've been decimated. So you're gonna choose one person to come back into the boardroom, one person to go back up to the suite. Who did the worst job of these two? Kwame and I have made a decision with each other that it doesn't matter. If he's the weakest link, by God I'm pickin® him. And I've gotta be able to say that Kwame, he has supported us financially, he's taken care of all the finances-- He also drove around today in a rickshaw all day long with nobody in it. Nobody in it. So that's a big waste of time, right? We, as a team-- All right, listen. Enough of this. Who are you choosing to go up to the suite? Who are you choosing to stay with you? Somebody's getting fired. -1 would have to say that Kwame goes upstairs. - All right. Kwame, go upstairs. You two, go outside. You'll be back in a minute. See you guys. Best of luck to both of you. [Heidi] You too. Here we go, girl. You're an-- [ Beeps] Ouch! I did great on this task, and I did better than him on this task. [Trump] Who do you think should stay? My feeling is that... I don't think Heidi did a tremendous amount. But I also think in this instance, the team leader came up with... what I can't conceive of being a very creative idea, and I think a leader has to come up with something creative. [ Think it might not have been a great idea, but at least he came up with something. I have yet to see Heidi really come up with something. I think she's riding on the coattails of everybody else. Is that woman on woman? That's tough stuff, right? Yeah, maybe it is tough stuff, but I've seen nothing out of her. At least Troy has the guts enough to come and say, “This was my idea. This is what I planned, and it failed. I'm accountable for it.” So you think Heidi should go? I think Heidi should go. She hasn't shown me anything. Let's see. Robin, let 'em come in, please. Okay. You can goin to see Mr. Trump now. [ Troy] We can go back in. Okay. All right. All right. Game up, boss. So what do you think, Troy? Why should you stay? Leaders are born. They're not made. But if you are a born leader and it's in your genes, then you can build off of that. - You think you're a born leader? - Absolutely. - You think a born leader says that he or she is a born leader? - Absolutely. - There's no rule that says I can't. - So why should you stay? 1/ should stay because even though some of the tasks have failed, I've been selected by my peers three times. - True. - [ take risks. I don't ever take the cautious side. [Trump] Do you think Heidi is good or average? I think Heidi's good. I think she's a good salesperson. Absolutely. You think she's a good leader? I think Heidi's a good salesperson. - I'd like to know-- - Wait, George. One second. Carolyn had some very harsh feelings on Heidi and Heidi's performance. Say it. Well, my comments were, Heidi, in the time that we've been here, I have yet to really see anything out of you. - That's pretty harsh, right? - Yeah, I think it's very harsh. You're entitled to your opinion. I don't agree. [Carolyn] Every time you've been on the losing team, you sit there and you go, “Yeah, yeah, you're right. We failed on that end.” And that's what I've seen from you. You're entitled to your opinion. Of course I am, but it's obviously our opinion that matters. I don't agree. I think I've done a great job here. I've been feisty. Do you think you've done a better job than Troy? Yeah, I do. Why should you stay as opposed to Troy? Because I am a leader. I am feisty. I am aggressive. I do the sales job good. I wanna be here. But wouldn't you say he's also all of those things? - Yeah. - So why would you stay over him? Because as she said, she has yet to see me. She thinks I haven't done anything. Id like to prove myself-- that I can be a leader. I am a leader. Did you ask to be, or did you vote yourself or ask to be project manager for this particular task? - No, because we went in turns. - But he's three, you're one. Your're giving him a little bit too much power there then, huh? Unless you're setting him up to be the project manager. No, I'm not setting him up at all. Um, he volunteered. But everybody has said that he's a good leader, including you. Well, he is a good leader. And nobody's said that about you. There's no doubt in my mind anyway... that you've all worked very hard and you're very enthusiastic. What I've yet to see from either of you... is that certain spark that sets you apart from somebody else and says, “Yeah, you can survive in an executive situation.” For example, when we asked you the question who would you get rid of, you hedged. If you feel somebody should go, they go, and you don't have to explain why. Explaining only makes you weaker as a leader. George, I would say that I thought that you guys wanted an explanation. And I went ahead and gave an explanation. It was a long, boring explanation, and I didn't wanna hear it. Do you have anything else to say? No, I don't. Anything else to say? No, I don"t have anything to say. You've both come a long way. Somebody has to go. Somebody has to go right now. You've done pretty well, and yet you've always been a loser. As far as I'm concerned, your've lost all the time. You haven't lost as much, but in this event... you wouldn't step up as a leader, and you barely contributed as a follower. Heidi, you're fired. Go ahead. Thank you, Mr. Trump. Thank you, guys. [ Heidi] I'm so glad for you. [ Troy] Good job. You done good. I don't wanna be a manager. Give my love to Kat. I will. [Trump] [ think Heidli is a remarkable woman. She's got a lot going on. 1 just don't think... she has the leadership skills to run one of my companies. 1 like her, but really, it was time for her to go. Whew! - That was good, right? - Yeah. [George ] /loved it. All right. This has been a great experience. I've had the best time. Met a lot of great people. Learned I could do things I didn't think I could do. Selling lemonade on the corner streets of New York City. Would I do it again? Absolutely. You know, there's a lot of things to be learned from this game. What I've learned from this game is I love being in sales. I wanna stick to sales. I'm ready to start selling again. It's been a great experience. I"m glad I came this far. It's an honor. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 