The Apprentice: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Apprentice 
 s1e5 - Trading Places - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Apprentice (2004–2017): Season 1, Episode 5 - Trading Places - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Trump] Previously on The Apprentice. In Times Square, the candidates received their fourth task-- Behind me is Planet Hollywood. The women will manage the restaurant tonight. The men, tomorrow night. We're going to determine who made more money compared to the same time last year. Good luck. [Trump] From the start, the women lured in the men-- - Meet the Planet Hollywood shooter girls. - Love it! [Trump] and pushed the alcohol-- Our plan was, increase the bar business tonight. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You guys can handle it. I've done, like, three shots already. [Trump] much to the dismay of the restaurant manager. We're liable for whatever happens to these people when they leave this building. [Trump] Versacorp chose to divide and conquer. I'm gonna be in charge of managing the wait staff. There's two reasons I'm here. One is to make the restaurant more money. But in turn, hopefully that translates into more money in your pockets. Well, they got the right guy up here. Yeah. Troy and I are basically the street team. Welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to New York City. Let's start boarding on the bus and get everything ready. I've got T-shirts for sale. Does anybody wanna buy a T-shirt? They're not getting enough people up here. They're just handing out fliers and yelling, “Come into Planet Hollywood!” I think Donald Trump would have a heart attack. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [ Trump ] When they saw business was slow, Kwame and Troy took matters into their own hands. [Troy] It's time to do something drastic! Here we go! Kwame Jackson! Ladies and gentlemen, I got free autographs! Kwame Jackson, New York native, Wall Street's finest! [Trump] But Nick and Bill didn't approve of their team's apparent lack of ethics. 1 am thoroughly embarrassed at what some of them have stooped to-- selling balls and misleading people. [Trump] In the end, Versacorp lost their fourth consecutive task. Again-- Again, the men are taking a beating. [ Trump ] Although Protégé won, the women were reprimanded for their sales tactics. Now, I don't want to ruin your day of golf at Trump National. You beat the guys fair and square. But you're coming a little close to crossing the line, relying on your sexuality to win. Things like that aren't gonna get you the job here. [ Trump ] Feeling the pressure of their fourth loss, the men brought their differences home with them. This kid bought this ball, and he thinks he's got an NBA player's autograph. Who said NBA? Was it borderline gray? You and I know it was. - Wait a second. I did nothing wrong. -1 didn't sell the kid crack. [ Trump ] As project manager, Kwame chose Nick and Bowie to join him in the boardroom. Kwame, you did a lousy job in leading. You made some questionable ethical decisions. But [ really believe you have a lot of potential. Nick, I would love to see you lead next week. - Bowie-- - Yes, sir. You failed miserably in merchandising, and therefore, Bowie, I have to say you're fired. [Trump] Twelve candidates are left. Who will be fired this week? & So you wanna be the next big thing ;* o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> . You wanna be a spotlight Ah, you wanna be o They'll put you on the front page Wanna see the bright lights ,» & Ah, you wanna see J That millionaire money, money o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> . You wanna have a jet plane Ah, you wanna have & Your face on the big screen You wanna have ;2 & A big yacht Oh, you wanna have > ♪ Your very own TV show J Wanna have a penthouse Ah, you wanna have & Your name on a building Wanna have a spotlight ,» AR, you're gonna have J That millionaire money, money o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o ING, 113, 113, 113, 137" [ Chattering ] Most people thought we were brought here to New York to “kumbayah” in this fabulous loft, but every single boardroom... will eliminate one person. You guys thought I was gone. [ Nick] Mmm! I was really surprised when Bowie didn't come back. We had all talked about it earlier and had pretty much come to a consensus that it was gonna be Nick. So, what do you think? I thought I was finished. I definitely think the morale of the men's team is-- is pretty bad... because they've lost a lot of good players. They're down to four members; they're really embarrassed for themselves. They're doing something wrong, and I think they can't pinpoint it. I don't wanna look back on this thing and say, we cut each other's throats, and we stabbed-- [Troy] I would agree. You know, man? I would agree with that. [Troy] But we're still a team. We're four on eight. We"re very competitive men. We're 0 for 4. We think about the gravity of that. You wanna prove that men still can prevail? Absolutely. I feel ya. I feel your pain. Mr. Trump has tasked me to lead the team, and when I do deliver a victory it"s gonna look really good because we've lost four in a row, and when I come into the play and win... it can only look favorably upon me. [ Phone Rings ] [ Men, Women Shout ] [Omarosa] I got it. Hello? Good morning! This is Rhona in Mr. Trump's office. He'd like you to meet with him in one hour. And please let the project manager of each team know they should sit directly in front of him. Thanks. You guys, one hour, in the boardroom. [Kristi] Mr. Trump said be in the boardroom in an hour. Five minutes, everybody, in the truck! I was excited. I wanted to see what was coming next. This game is fun. There's always something new. Hello, everybody. Good morning. Good morning, Mr. Trump. Today, George is on a big, important business trip, and I've replaced George with Bernie Diamond. Bernie has been my counsel for many years. He's a very talented man, and I think he has very good taste. We'll find out. Right, Bernie? Thank you. I hope so. We're in the fifth week of a 13-week job interview. The men have been just absolutely decimated. Look at you four guys, and look-- nobody touched. So we're gonna do what we call in business a corporate reshuffle. Because in business and in real life, when things aren't working well... you reshuffle, you mix'em up. That's what 'm gonna do. So, Kristi, I see that you're seated directly in front of me. That means that you're the project manager for your team. Yes. And-- Oh, Nick! You're the captain. Wow. I am. Let's see if you're up to the challenge. So, I'm gonna ask Nick-- You have to start by choosing a woman. And, Kristi, your first pick should be a man. At the end, there should be two men and four women on each team. - All right, Nick, you start. - Amy. [Trump] Amy. Come on over here, Amy. That's usually a pretty good clue for me-- 1 mean, who they like, right? - Okay. Kristi? - I'm picking Troy. Troy. Wow. That might be surprising to me, Troy. I don't know. That's very impressive. I pick Bill. I pick Jessie. I pick Katrina. - Kwame. -[ Trump] Kwame. I pick Ereka. I pick Heidi. I pick, uh... Tammy. [Kristi] Omarosa. Okay, so those are your teams. Kristi, you'll keep the same team name-- Protégé Corporation. Nick, your team name-- Versacorp. All right, these look like two good, smart, tough teams, and I can no longer blame the men for not doing well, so we'll see what happens. So now that you've chosen your new teams, here's your first task. You have a budget of $1,000. You're going to go out, you're going to buy whatever products you want to, and you're going to take those items to a flea market and resell them, hopefully for a higher price. It's the team that makes the most profit at the end that wins. Good luck. [Bill] Having four consecutive losses on the previous team, mentally it was a little rough. Hard on the morale, and it started to, uh, shatter my confidence a little bit. So I'm pretty pleased with how they got divided up. I'm happy with my team. [ Think the new Versacorp ls probably stronger than the new Protégé. ls that all right? Yeah. Overnight? Good. Let's go. Let's go that way. [Freka] 1 love the team we have now. For some reason, there's none of that tension the old group had at all. [ Think this is probably the best scenario. Nick picked a very strong team. What are we splitting for again? Someone's going where, and-- [ Katrina ] You're going to the fashion district, and one of us should go to the scarf place. [Amy] Our team's made a decision that we're going to sell women's clothing and jewelry that we make. We're on a mission right now to find ribbon, T-shirts, tank tops and jewelry. Ribbon? Here we go. One that you could tie-- Is this wide enough? What about your necklaces? [ Bill On Phone ] Can you hear me? Yeah. Did you find any T-shirts? Fourteen dollars for a dozen T-shirts. - That's not bad. - We're getting 'em for just over a dollar a shirt. Yeah, get 'em. Amy? Yeah, we should nab that deal. Nick is deferring to the women for the selection of products we buy, the selection of the stores. Whoo! Nicholas, I can't forget about you just 'cause you're the boy! No, that's right. It is not smart for Nick to defer so much of the project management decisions to the women on the team, because this is Nick's moment to shine. We're now conserving cash. We're running low. 1 think Nick will be back in the boardroom, and I think that he will get fired, [Troy] What can you buy in bulk? Yeah, I would think of Wal-Mart, but-- They sell bath salts in bulk. Yeah, I think of Wal-Mart, I think of-- There's no Wal-Marts in-- You gotta go to Jersey. We really couldn't figure out one niche product to sell... that would've necessarily worked. Yourre really stabbing in the dark when you think of flea market places in kind of an upper-echelon type crowd. We can't buy dirt, can we? Yeah, you can buy dirt. You can buy dirt! In bags. [Gasps ] What about if we buy, um, dirt... in, like-- we can just get plastic Baggies. And we can buy a package of seeds. We can make it look really cute. Like seeds-- seeds with dirt? [Troy] Seeds with dirt. You can buy dirt and little fake hearts-- plant your heart and watch it grow. You can do anything like that. I mean, try to get creative that way. [Jessie ] Troy is very creative, but once that brainstorming starts, he needs amanagement program. You could buy dirt and speckles of gold and mine for gold. Otherwise he just keeps going and going and going with his ideas. You could do a sandbox and dig for buried treasure. They buy the dirt, and they're sifting for gold, they're sifting for silver. You could try to get a catchy theme involved in it. You could buy sand. You don't even have to buy sand. I've seen sand in plenty of places. [Jessie ] I haven't worked with Troy or Kwame before, so that was a little frustrating. If they get the right scoop of dirt, they hit the gold mine. Behind the madness there needs to be some organization, and I think that's where, ultimately, their team lacked. [Trump] You've always gotta stand up for yourself. You just have to fight for yourself, because basically nobody else is gonna fight for you. [Omarosa] Let's think crafty. Let's think about the idea of being at the flea market. [ Kristi ] Troy, Kwame, Jessie, Heidi, Omarosa and I couldn't pick a product... until we had actually seen what was selling at the flea market. [Heidi ]I don't know what any of these products are. 1 have to walk around. If something were to grab my attention, 1 would definitely go there. We can make this work. [ Heidi] There's nothing that's catching me. In the grocery store, they have something in the front that catches your attention. There's nothing here. You have to have a solid product in order for it to sell. You have to have good clientele. That was not there. It was clear it was not there. I do not want to stay here. This place sucks. [Kwame ] Heidi was really negative and down. It's one thing to voice your opinion, but it's another thing to exude negativity and bring the team down. Look at this place. No one's even buying. I think we could sell a hundred bucks worth of ribbons, but a hundred bucks worth of ribbons is nothing. You need a 50-dollar item, a 75-dollar item, a hundred-dollar item. Okay. Instead of making a dollar a pop, we need to make ten dollars a pop. [Kristi] There wasn't a product that stuck out as a good idea. We needed something that would generate some income. - Chinatown is right around the corner. - Yes. Yes. [Kristi] We decided it was important to find something quickly. The team split up at that point. Let's go there. Chinatown's open till 9:00. Pong River on Broadway and Canal. That same place. Oh, good. It's the same area. Can we walk? - You want me to hold one of those bags? - No, I gotit. Just think about how we can rig something-- We need a garment rack. Let's go check that Dumpster. You wanna see if there's anything in there? - Absolutely. - Look. What is this? This is a garment rack. The only concern I have is getting the damn thing out. We have to win this, or I'm gonna get fired. I know. Okay. [ Laughs ] And don't you want dear old Nick around? Yes, Nick, I want you around. This is my first garbage dump dive. Pretty eventful. Be careful. Hold on. There's a car window in here. [Nick] It's called using resources. It's called being resourceful and using things without paying for them. And it was absolutely brilliant. Mr. Trump would be proud. I want to look through some more garbage. We found good stuff. Nick, you look pretty sexy pushing this rack. Yeah, right. Thank you for saying that. Thank you. [ Nick ] We devised a plan to have regular T-shirts, which are low-cost, decorate them up and sell them for a premium. It's simple, the cost to make them is real low, and I think it's a phenomenal idea. Hey, Nick, do you like this shirt? [ Nick ] Oh, these look great. -[Amy] That looks awesome! - [ Bill ] That really does look good. [ Nick] I have assembled a phenomenal team. I picked the best. Amy, Ereka, Katrina, Tammy and Bill-- They're absolutely phenomenal. They're all steals in my mind. Hey, Nick, can you try this on, man? I like this one. Although it's choking me really bad. This one's really big. [Kristi] These are really cool. Wait, what's this? We all have a whole theme-- seven dollars. [Kristi] Yep. That looks great. You need that hat. [ Kwame ] I like this. Omarosa, come here for a second. Don't get that one that's on your head. That one doesn't look right. 1 like the plain ones. Are those inexpensive? [Kristi] The plain ones are probably cheaper. The plain ones are more authentic. [ Phone Rings ] Hi, guys. Hey, can you hear me? [ Heidi] Yeah. Kristi? Yeah. We received a call from the other team members and they said... we'd better come up with a product. It was 7:00 at night, and we had to find something quickly. Here, let me pass an idea by you guys. We found some beautiful umbrellas. They're very classy, and I bought "em-- we can get 'em for $1.25 each. They're gorgeous. Kristi relied on the opinion of the members of our team that were sitting in the suite, not the members of the team who were standing there looking at these things. I'm opening one right now. Okay, is there a practical application? Like, tomorrow it's gonna be raining, so that would be a great idea, if they worked. It would shed my head against the rain. Right? Okay. Oh, no, it's not gonna be good for the actual rain. No, but it is a quality product, and that's, I think, what we all wanted to focus on. Give me the umbrella. Kristi was a little helter-skelter. She definitely was leadership by consensus. She didn't make some key decisions when she needed to and say, “Here's what we're doing.” [ Kristi ] I think you could sell these for five dollars all day long. What do you guys think? Yes. Troy, we're making an executive decision. Kwarne says he concurs. All right? Sometimes you just gotta move on. You know, enough discussion. I don't think she exuded the strength 1 like to see in a leader sometimes. [Troy] The umbrellas are a fantastic idea. Thanks a lot. You're doing good. Bye. Okay. I really wish I could say one thing and have it be the right decision. But I'm getting consensus from everybody. I don't wanna be a dictator. I wanna make sure the team's on board too. Thank you very much. Thank you. Appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. [ Phone Rings ] Kwam-- Wait. Make sure no money falls out of my butt. Hello? We're coming there. We're getting on the subway. [Jessie] Okay. We'll be there soon. [Kristi] Yo, baby! Yo, baby, yo! Come on! Good morning. [Kwame ] We got up, and it was way too early. Heidi, Omarosa, Kristi and Troy went to set up our main booth, which was our Asian-themed booth. we'll have one for $70, two for 17. [Kwame ] Our plan was driven by the rain. There was only one indoor facility, so fessie and I set up our booth... and tried to make it look nice-- got a lot of compliments on it. - We've already sold three or four pieces. - Thank you so much. I bought the key to New York. They're giving it away today-- five dollars. [ Laughs] One man's trash can be someone else's treasure, but it depends on the person, the timing and other factors. We did make a pretty significant profit. We did damn good. [Kwame ] We got a great location. We think it's gonna rain all day. If you didn't reserve an indoor booth, then you're gonna be, you know, in trouble. [Bill] I'm soaking wet. [Amy] God, it's amazing how much water in such a brief period of time. This rain's gotta stop. [ Dor't think we were optimistic or confident at the beginning of the day. The night before, we were quite confident we had a product that was gonna sell. But when we woke up, and it was pouring down rain, we quickly did a reshift of our strategy. [Amy] What do you think our strategy should be? Blow it out. We gotta clear this stuff out, man. If we don't, we're hanging ourselves. 'M just extremely concerned. I don't know that we're concerned we're not gonna win, but we're concerned that we're not gonna come out profitable. The challenge today ls just to get rid of our inventory. Unfortunately, what that means is, the man who's left standing with the least inventory wins. I know. And we got a lot of inventory. [ Heidi] This is about as exciting as watching paint dry. [Sighs] What are you thinking? This is-- I mean, do we move outside? What do you think? What happens if it clears up outside? Should we just stay inside? I don't know. Okay. [ Heidi ] 1 didn't like the inside. 1 was disappointed, I was very concerned, and I was also really aggravated at that point. Instead of motivating, Kristi would get frustrated and get that look on her face. You can't do that as a leader. Right now it's really slow, no matter what. Then you'll have to make a decision-- either all of us stay inside or all of us go outside. I think go outside. Check it out outside. You gonna walk with me? Yes. You know what it is? Look at this traffic. It's nice out. We've gotta be outside. Omarosa and I have had a talk, and I don't think they should be inside. It's more energetic, more fast-moving out here. But I'm not the project manager to make that final decision. We gotta get out here. This is where the traffic is. We gotta make a decision fast. Hopefully, uh, we'll start selling out here. I mean, this is unbelievable. Why is it taking her so long to make a-- [ Beeps ] decision? I love Kristi, but she's too “Okay...” No! Let's get it-- [ Beeps ] done. [ Nick] We can sell till 5:00, right? [Katrina ] Yeah. But we're selling. Look. [ Nick ] What do you think of- I think we should continue here. Okay. You're confident with that. I think the traffic's gonna pick up again. We got a good crowd. It'll slow down a little bit, and they'll come back. You know what we should do? Let's start moving the rings for a little bit over cost. [ Nick] The reason I ask for feedback from the women is because they won. They've won four in a row. Obviously they're doing something right. [ Think it's important to draw on your resources to find ways to win. There's always a possibility that we could lose, but I'll just be in the boardroom again-- I"m gettin' used to it. Thanks. Thank you. So, you think we should stay here? Yeah, we should definitely stay here. I don't think we should panic yet. [Katrina ] Nick's been a fabulous leader today. I really like the way Nick leads. He compliments everybody continuously. He doesn't take full credit for success, and he doesn't take full blame for failure. Thank you so much. Have a good day. [Kristi] Sun's coming out. [Troy] Come on. We're moving now. Vintage scarves. Come on! Come on! You want some of this? Where's all our other scarves? I'sold'em! See? She sold 'em! She rock and rolled! [Troy] I feel comfortable that I'll do my best to support my team. I'm making 110% right now. I"m trying to uplift everybody the best I can. You gotta believe. Come on, believe in me. [ Think the momentum's starting to pick back up. 1t's the second half. We're gonna come on strong and give it our best attempt. Hey, you! Ten dollars! Ten dollars! We've got an inventory blowout sale. Everything's five dollars in our store over here to the right. Jewelry and T-shirts. [Amy] Sale prices right now! Clear out! [ Bill ] Half of! [Bill] Half off anything in the store. Right now it's ten after 4:00. We've got till 5:00. We're trying to get rid of every possible piece of merchandise we have. We'll even sell the tablecloth. Hopefully we're victorious. I don't know what to expect. Thank you very much. Have a wonderful day. [Amy] Tammy? Another five dollars for a necklace. We got a major jewelry sale going on! Fifteen minutes left! Three dollars. Two dollars. What about these? All right, everything and the shirts, three bucks. And the shirts! Whoo! [ All Cheering, Laughing ] Come here! Get the quarterback in here! Get over here! [Amy ] I am totally excited. It's a completely different dynamic working with guys. And I can tell you that no matter whether we win or lose, it's been really great. Good job, guys. [Tammy] Finito! Good job! I love you guys! [Kwame ] After we were done with the task, we went back to Trump Tower... and we met to count up the day's receipts. Troy! [ Heidi ] Get your butt in here! I'm comin'. Maybe we can put Omarosa on writing receipts out right now. [Omarosa] I'm always very proud of how well I handle money... and how I account for every penny... and how I keep all of the receipts aligned. Taxi driver was $47, no tip. I gave him a tip. What about the $12 in subway fare? [Omarosa] We should have more cash. [ Kwame ] That you can't find? - [ Troy ] How far off are you? - [Kristi ] There's another $200 that's unaccounted for. [Troy] Another 200 unaccounted for? Everybody check their bags. No, no, I dumped my entire purse out. [Omarosa] When we got back to the suite... and Kristi asked me to do the accounting for the day, we realized that there was approximately $186 missing. [ Heidi] Why are you looking at me? [Kwame ] I'm not looking at you. Oh. I gaveit to her. [Omarosa] It's just stuffed in one of our pockets or coats. I'll go back and double-check mine, even. [Troy] Everybody double and triple-check. I mean, I dumped my purse. When the team found out the money was missing, I didn't know what to say. All the money I had was in my butt and then it went into here, "cause of all the change and stuff. Kristi, we've accounted for all our expenses. Somebody stuck a hundred-dollar bill in their back pocket, and we just forgot it's there. [Kristi] Omarosa's been setting me up, and she's trying to do everything she can... to put her responsibility onto me. So then, we have lost $180.37. I don't understand. Ow! If we only knew who lost the 180 bucks, that person should be fired. But Omarosa was in charge of the finances, so she could be deemed responsible as well, If we're gonna chalk it up as a loss, then I'll write it up as a loss. We can't find that $200? [Kristi] Okay, I'm gonna cry. [Jessie ] Oh, my God. [Kristi] Just shoot me now, I swear. Okay. We gave you $1,000 in seed money... to buy low and sell high at a flea market. Carolyn, how did they do? Well, I watched Versacorp. They actually started off selling T-shirts and some jewelry. Initially I thought it was a little rocky because they only picked out small and mediums. I didn't see any larges or extra larges, so I thought they were going downhill. But in the end they pulled it off and they finished with a profit of over $600. Wow. That's not bad. Nick, that was pretty good. But let's see if it was good enough. Okay, Bernie, how'd your team do? Well, they started with an idea of dividing and conquering. They took separate steps. They went in different directions. Didn't work out very well, Donald. Net result of this brilliant plan was a loss-- anetloss of $75.78. - I'm surprised at you, Kristi. Wow! - I'm surprised at myself too, Donald. - But you lost. - We did lose. Badly. So, Nick, you're finally on a winning team. And as a reward, I'm taking all of you to see George Steinbrenner at Yankee Stadium. Over 30 years ago, George Steinbrenner became the owner of the New York Yankees. Since then, he's led his team to six World Series championships. So because you guys won today, it's only fitting that you meet a truly great winner. The losing team, you meet me back at the boardroom... where somebody has to get fired, [ Cheering, Applause ] Nick, my man! All right! Congratulations. You guys all really did great. All right, guys, let's meet, let's meet. [Kristi] Tonight really affected me, and I tried not to show it. Um, I don't do well with leading a team towards a loss. [ Sobbing 1 I'm sorry I lost it. [fessie ] Oh, my God! No, no, no! But just come to us! 1 walked away to hide from everybody Just so I could compose myself. [Kristi] I feel a huge amount of responsibility. [ Take all of the blame. I'm the project manager, and this was my duty to come back a winner, and I didn't do that. I'm having a hard time with it because... if hire a manager at the restaurant and the numbers come back in the negative, I'm blaming that person. [ Troy] But you know what? Every one of us today represented strong points and weak points. Look at the two project managers that didn't get fired-- it was Kwame and me. But I can't say one person on this team did a bad job. [ truly believe the leader is responsible. That's it. [Heidi] You wanna see a bitch? This is the true Heidi that comes out. [Freka] So tell me what happened. I didn't like the product. I fought for this, I fought for that, and just because I"m, like, more salesy-- It's a numbers game. Troy and Kwame are not gonna be pegged. And Jessie's not. So it's me and Omarosa. You know what? I was pretty aggravated this morning. I am an up-front person, and I will tell you how I feel. Maybe I'm wrong, and I'm not wrong. I'm telling you: It is me and Omarosa going to the boardroom. Did she say you were going, Heidi? I heard conversations last night. We live in a-- [ Beeps ] bubble. That's why I woke up this morning, I was, like, “Hello! I'm not an idiot!” [ Heidi ] If I'm wrong, then shame on me. Kristi's very, very tight with Jessie. Very close with her. And she's not gonna choose Jessie. I heard them yesterday. We live in a bubble. No. This is a business world. It's not friendships. Shh. And you know what? Yeah, but you're not even 100%sure. Yes, I am. I heard it last night. And you know what? That's fine. I'm gonna tell the truth. Yeah, but-- [Kristi] Heid)j-- I don't wanna talk about it. I read Jessie's face about it, and I'm disappointed in you. Can you-- I understand you're in a hard position, and I respect your decision. I need to tell you-- I don't wanna talk about it. I'm very, very feisty. Let me just say one thing,. I'll respect your decision, and if I made it, I made it. [Heidi] She's not gonna choose Kwame or Troy. They're the guys. They've been to the boardroom every single time. She does not wanna do that to them. I'm gonna have to ask for your trust. But let's communicate, okay? Fine. Okay. Good, Thank you. [Heidi] She says it's business. It's not business. So it's a numbers game. She's putting me and Omarosa down. I just---1 don't know why I'm nice. I mean, take the--[ Beeps ] knife out of my back. Take it out. [Omarosa] I don't believe that I should go to the boardroom. I made a tremendous contribution to the team yesterday. Bt [ think that [ may be vsed as a scapegoat, and I'm prepared for that. And... it's a business world. You cannot cry. You just can't. It is a different-- [ Beeps ] ball game out here. It is different out here. [ Omarosa ] Well, Heidi speaks her mind, but what's on her mind isn't always that appealing. She was not demonstrating CE.O.~quality performance this morning. How can people be nice to your face? I"min New York! We have fun! Ohh! [Bill] Let's talk about the boardroom tonight. [Tammy] Oh, no! [Amy]It's going to be dirty. Dirty, dirty, dirty. [Amy] Bloodbath. Mud slingin'. Do you sense tension? [Amy] It's gonna be so dirty. You don't even understand. [Bill] They're jockeying for position already. [Tammy] It's gonna be really bad. [Freka] The tension this morning in the bathroom was stressing me out. I had to pull Heidi over-- “Heidi, you gotta calm down a bit.” [ Katrina ] How did she know-- [Freka] She overheard conversations. [Bill] That could backfire on her. Yeah, and I said-- [Bill] On Kristi, though. If she brings the wrong people in that room. No, Nick? No. No, she's too strong. She's gonna get one of these-- “Kristi, you did a bad job, but I think you got leadership qualities.” Yeah, he likes her. He obviously has been watching her. He's, like, “I'm surprised, Kristi.” She had such a good answer too. I love what she said: “I know, Mr. Trump. I am too. I am not accustomed to losing.” I loved when she said that. Yeah, it's gonna be-- It's definitely gonna be bloody. [ Ereka] I wanna meet the Yankees. [ Nick] There it is, to the right. I was so excited about going to Yankee Stadium, meeting George Steinbrenner. I've been a Yankee fan for years. [Amy] George Steinbrenner, here I am. Oh, there's Donald Trump! Okay, let's go see George Steinbrenner. Come on. Yea! We're all set? -[Bill] Me and Nick feel pretty good today. - Nick, you did it, huh? It's a good team, isn't it? Nice to have these girls with you, huh? Follow me. This is the famous Yankees offices. There's nothing like it. I love you. I love you too. Glad to see you. [Trump] You know this famous man over here? Oh, gee whiz! [All Laughing ] -1 knew there'd be pretty girls! - [ Laughing Continues ] Sit down. we'll pull up chairs and feel at home. You talk about winners, this guy's a winner. The secret is desire. You gotta want to win. I bought the Yankees in the early years, when nobody wanted em. That I'd give "em a world's championship-- I'd be there in three years-- and we were there in three years. - You gotta enjoy what you're doing. You gotta want to do it. - And he's been winning ever since. [Tammy] You have some serious bling on your hands. What"s going on there? That is the Yankees from the year we last won the World Series. [Katrina ] Tammy, at times, says things that we all kind of cringe about. When we met with George and she asked him about his “bling,” we were all taken aback, I wanted to jump underneath the couch and hide. But I looked at Mr. Trump and he was 3 bit amused, ifnot frightened, by the situation. I think there's times when things should not be said, but once they're said, you just have to laugh. You wanna look out at the ballpark? Yeah! I was gonna ask you for that! [Trump] It's the great Yankee Stadium. - That's amazing. -[ Bill ] This is pretty wild, isn't it? [Amy] Summer house. This is amazing. [ Nick] The owner's box is unbelievable. Best seat in the house that not everybody gets to see except winners. You're a special guy. I'll see you tomorrow. - [ Tammy ] Thanks so much. - Nice to see you. All good-lookin' girls. [ Nick] Pleasure meeting you. Two nice-lookin' fellas. You didn't point at me, though. Well, you weren't standing over there! All right, thanks a lot. Bye-bye. Thank you very much. Mr. Steinbrenner guaranteed victories when he bought the Yankees, and I guaranteed a victory yesterday. So I'm feeling pretty good. [ Nick] Thanks a lot, Mr. Trump. [ Amy] Thank you! Good luck. Keep winning. Thank you, Mr. Trump. Let me tell you why 1 was so disappointed in Kristi. Kristi is a manager. She runs her own restaurant. She does this management stuff every... single... day. That's why my expectations of how she was gonna manage this project, you know, was a little bit high for her. Kristi, I knew, was avery sensitive person... who was very much affected by moods, behaviors, comments, and I just thought, please, let's not lose our first task after the split. But I didn't feel motivated. I drew from her energy. She, all day, had this... defeatist kind of posture all day long. She looked as though she'd already lost. I don't think she'll cry in the boardroom, but if she does I'm gonna be, like-- [ Scoffs] I mean, that's bad. [Omarosa] I'm not certain what Kristi will do in the boardroom. I am prepared and ready to face Mr. Trump... and give him the facts that she was an awful project manager. But I think-- Omarosa, maybe 'm wrong. But I think it's me and you. Oh, no, I know it's gonna be me and somebody. It may not be me and you. It may be me and somebody else, but I've been prepared. It's just being-- Reasonably speaking, just to put me out there, if you're going to-- [ Beeps ] you, when I supported you. [ Heidi] 1 am an up-front person, and 1 will tell you how [ feel, But once you backstab me, I'm gonna do the same thing back. I would've gone to bat for Kristi. I know I"m gonna go to the boardroom. I'm gonna state the facts. We should've sat in the apartment all day with a thousand dollars. We would've been better off. We wouldr't have won, but we'd have been better off. We were in the hole! It was embarrassing. We were in the hole. S Pop] " Come on > o' [ Continues, Fades ] [Jessie ] No, but what I'm saying is that I want you to know... that I'm not gonna be saying the things that I say Just for your benefit. I"m saying it for me, because I want you to stay on the team. Right. I know that. I'm not gonna work on a team without you. I wanted to talk to Jessie about an overall strategy. She's really good at thinking about the big picture, and it helped to talk to somebody about what [ was gonna say tonight. 1 would just say, this is what I did wrong, and 1 am fully accountable as the project manager. That's why I'm here-- to learn and to grow. But this is what I've found individually, through my team-- mistakes made by these individuals. Okay. But this is another thing. Those people might pipe up and say, “But, Kristi, you don't remember the situation.” I would just not say anything until you're addressed by him. I agree. Just be like-- I agree. Just shut up, and don't let it get to you. That's good, Don't let it get to you until Ae addresses you. Then say something. Okay. [Jessie ] I am worried that Kristi might break down... under the pressure of the boardroom... just because Heidi and Omarosa, um, can be... very defensive. But she's just gotta stand her ground and just be strong. So I would just-- That's the one thing that's gonna be hard-- It's a bird! Actually, it's funny, because that's the lesson I've been trying to learn this whole time. But, um, it's basically the concept of-- [Jessie Laughing ] The bird is funny. What is that, a pigeon? That is a pigeon. I've been learning from you that lesson, and that's something I've been wanting to work on this whole time-- sitting back and watching and speaking less. [Kristi] Right now I'm choosing to trust fessie. Ifit gets to be an individual race, I might have to think twice about that. But I trust her, um-- My gut says to trust her right now. So, basically, say as little as possible. Little as possible. I think you're right. - Hello. - Hello. So, you were badly beaten. You're not used to being beaten, are you? No, I'm not. Doesn't happen often. No. Are you surprised? I"m surprised I handled certain aspects of the project badly, yes. I'm surprised too, 'cause you were doing so well until this. - I tried to lead by group consensus and-- - Which is not always a good idea. I realize-- [Bernie ] By consensus? I realize that was one of my biggest mistakes. [ Bernie ] Okay. What could have been done... - to have made it better? What do you think? - Planning and better organization. [Trump] Common sense? [ Heidi ] Better product. [Trump] What do you think, Bernie? I think there were a lot of errors in judgment, but the biggest error, by the way, Donald, is, there was $183 missing that nobody could account for. - They lost their own money. - Did you lose it, or did somebody steal it? We don't know what happened to it. As you know, business Is largely about making money. You folks lost money, which was pretty hard to do. You know, I don't get it. I don't get how it happened. Kwame, you were here. You saw everything. Who did a lousy job? /1 were Kristi, 1'd probably have to choose Omarosa, because she was financial manager, even though we can't track who directly lost the funds. Who lost the money? That's pretty bad. I could account for the money exactly to the point that the project manager... asked me to turn it over to her in Chinatown. - What happened to it? - Kristi is not very good with handling money. [Trump] Are you not good with money? 'm very good with money. She stuffed the money in her back pocket and asked me to keep an eye on her bottom when she took the money out... to make sure none dropped on the ground. [Trump] You have your finance person and your team leader, and the money somewhere disappeared between the hand and the ass? Right? [Omarosa Laughs ] Mr. Trump, I was not originally assigned to be finance manager. I saw a need, and I stepped up to the responsibility. [ Can account for every penny up until the point that I turned it over to the project manager. [Trump] What happened? What did you do? I went back to each team member and asked them to check every pocket, every side pocket, every back pocket. I pulled all the receipts together-- But you didn't really have to do that "cause you were 90% sure she had it, right? At that point, I was 100% sure that she had the portion I gave her. And, um, I think Kristi is a wonderful person, but she made some horrible, horrible decisions as the project manager. But she's done great before this. I mean, before this event she was a star. Do you agree with that? I agree with you. So she just choked for this one event? But unfortunately she choked at the worst time, during leadership time. That's when you're supposed to demonstrate your strengths. - Do you think you could've done better? - Yes. I grew up going to flea markets. I know how to buy low and sell high. I've watched my mother buy all of our school clothes at Goodwill. Jessie, what do you think? I think it was management. I think it was the project manager, Kristi. You think she blew it? - What do you think, Heidi? -1 think, uh-- - You've been very, very quiet. - Well, you have never, never addressed me. Well... you're right. You know? I'm feeling left out, Mr. Trump. Go ahead, Heidi. I think there were three critical errors. One was the product. 1/ voiced my opinion. I did not like that product at all. B, I didn't like the location at all. We were given a task. We did not sit down and plan and execute. You need to sit for hours before you can run out. I know you're excited-- I"m a passionate person. - That was a huge error. - Who do you think lost the money, of these two? You're putting me on the hot seat, aren't you? - That's all right. That's what life is all about. -1 know. - Who lost the money, of these two? Whose fault was it? -1 cant tell you. - Where do you think the money went? - 70 be honest with you, I don't know. Who do you think was responsible for the money? I can't give that statement because-- and I'm not B.S.-ing you-- 1 don't know. Kristi, what do you think? No, I completely agree. There were a lot of errors and mismanagement. [Trump] Troy, go ahead. Everything was on the line for Kristi. She knew it going into it. Kristi did an honorable thing-- when she went in to the team, she said, “Guys, I take accountability for the win and the loss.” And I have absolute respect for Kristi saying that. Unfortunately, we're sitting at the table today, and we got a loss, [Trump] Okay, Kristi, you were great until today, but today you really didn't do so well. As project manager, 'm holding you partially responsible. But pick two people who you think contributed to your failure as a team. - Who are the other two you're picking? - It has to be Omarosa. And because I'm forced to make a choice-- only because I'm forced to pick someone else-- unfortunately, I have to say Heidi. - Are you surprised by that, Heidi? -1 had an idea. 1 did nothing wrong. I'm a good leader, a good businesswoman, and I sure as hell can sell, - And you're pretty tough, aren't you? - Yes, I'm very tough. -1 know I shouldn't be here, but-- - It was a tough choice. Okay, the three of you-- Kristi, Omarosa and Heidi, go outside. You'll come back in a moment. Jessie and Kwame and Troy, 80 back upstairs to your suite. You made it. Barely, but you made it. Okay, go ahead, Carolyn, what's the reason Kristi did so badly with this task? Before that, she was a superstar. Well, maybe she's a good... employee, not a good employer. She's a worker, not a leader, Donald. She couldn't handle the leadership role. [Trump] I don't know. 1 still think Kristi has potential. And let's face it, Omarosa was in charge of the money. Robin, let 'em come in. Okay, Mr. Trump. Okay, you can go in now. Well, Kristi, as of and until today, you were really a star. You were doing fantastically well. Thank you. But sit. Heidi, I thought you were overly aggressive, but that's okay. I know a lot of people that are overly aggressive, and they do very well. - Okay. - But sit. - You know what that means, right? -1 gotta go. - Do you think I'm making the right decision? - No, absolutely not. - Well, I didn't make a decision, so-- - Okay. [ Laughs ] Okay. Kristi, until tonight you were a star, a true star, and I really thought great things. But then I saw Heidi fighting for her life, /saw Omarosa fighting for her life, and I didn't see that fight in you all of a sudden--you lost the fight. You never even said anything in your own defense, and I don't get it. So, Kristi, you didn't fight for yourself, and you're fired. Can I argue anything? It's not gonna help. It's not gonna matter. Go ahead. Thank you. [Trump] Kristi was really great, but she didn't stand up for herself. She didn't fight back, and I was surprised, I thought she was very good, but she blew it. Absolutely. She took the heat without any defense. - Yep. - Which meant it was all true. If Mr. Trump wants to choose Omarosa over myself, then that's his decision. I learned so much, and I learned a lot about myself, and I met a ton of great people. I had such a good time, and I would never change the experience. I-1-1 learned a lot. I wanted the apprenticeship really bad, but 1 also accept his decision. And I'm fine. If I'm not supposed to be there, then that's fine with me. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 