The Apprentice: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Apprentice 
 s1e8 - Ice Escapades - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Apprentice (2004–2017): Season 1, Episode 8 - Ice Escapades - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Trump] Previously on The Apprentice. Protégé was down two members, and at the task delivery, they were given a chance to even up the sides. So I'm gonna give you now two minutes to pick a new person. We'd like to elect Amy. [Trump] Now each team had five members. Each team is gonna renovate an apartment... and then rent the apartment. [Trump] As the teams strategized, Omarosa was accidentally hit on the head. [ Clatter] [Omarosa] Ouch! - What was that? - Omarosa had a little piece of plaster fall on her head. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It didn't appear to be that threatening of an injury that occurred, [Trump] When it came time to choose apartments, the country kid from Boise, Idaho, outwitted the Miami real estate expert. It came to a coin toss, and he got the one that I wanted. Ooh, she's mad as a wet hen. [Trump] At the task resolution, Protégé found out they won. Protégé rented it for $1,525, which is a 27% increase. [Trump] And Tammy turned on her teammates. - Nobody has ever duped me. - You've never, ever been duped? - Nope. -/ think we got duped, to be honest. -[Laughter] - Thanks, Tammy. [Trump] Back in the suite, Heidi received some disturbing news. -[Heidi] Oh, my God, - Her mother has been diagnosed... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 with stage one colon cancer. [ Trump ] Versacorp went to the boardroom, where tensions flared between Bill and the women. I know he could have got in a higher number, not from Sarah, but from a lot of other people. - Then why didn't you step in? - Katrina doesn't think you did a great job negotiating. - And she's entitled to that opinion. -[ Trump ] And Tammy was questioned about her loyalty. Why did you say, “We were duped”? What do you think? Was she honest, or was she disloyal? -1 believe she was disloyal. - Tammy, your disloyalty... has been so obnoxious in this particular case, that I have to say you're fired. [Trump] Nine candidates are left. Who will be fired this week? & So you wanna be the next big thing ;* o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> . You wanna be a spotlight Ah, you wanna be o They'll put you on the front page Wanna see the bright lights ,» & Ah, you wanna see J That millionaire money, money o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> . You wanna have a jet plane Ah, you wanna have & Your face on the big screen You wanna have ;2 & A big yacht Oh, you wanna have > ♪ Your very own TV show J Wanna have a penthouse Ah, you wanna have & Your name on a building Wanna have a spotlight ,» AR, you're gonna have J That millionaire money, money o Na, na, na na, na So you wanna be the next big thing ;> o ING, 113, 113, 113, 137" -[ Troy ] So who's the three that went in? Obviously Katrina. - Bill. Tammy. - Bill, Katrina and Tammy. - [ Nick ] I'm surprised they got so heated. - It was bad for the team. -[Kkwame] Welcome to the jungle. [ Laughing ] [Freka] When Katrina, Bill and Tammy were in the boardroom, I was so nervous because I just wanted Katrina and Bill to come back. - Who was it? - [Heidi ]Who is it? -[Troy] Tammy. Tammy's gone. - Good. Justice was served. [Freka] I was ecstatic, 'cause two of our strongest people survived, - The good ones came back. - [ Woman Hooting ] Down to nine. Game time right here. Feels kind of weird to be here. I feel like I'm a guest or something. - Like [ just got here. - [ Bill] I was fighting for my life in there. - [Freka ]! know that. - [ Ereka ] There was never any intent to put you on the hot seat. - Right. But it happened. [ Bill ] In the boardroom, Freka and Katrina were really gunning for me hard and coming after me. It was unnecessary, and I didn't do anything to deserve it. It's a little intense. I mean, you don't know if you're coming out alive. - You have to save your ammo for the right time. - Yeah. [ Bill ] They did it to me once, and I'm not gonna let it happen to me twice. I mean, screw me once, shame on you. Screw me twice, shame on me. Hey, guys. I do believe that tomorrow, we've got to be going. Clicking. We gotta be clicking. Piston's gotta click off top. Probably something for you to be aware of. To delegate. To keep the motivation high. [ Heidi ] I will be the project manager. Which I'm excited to be because in my business now, I don't manage people. I manage myself. So it's going to be very interesting. [Amy] [ think we need to dedicate our task tomorrow to your mom. Aw, thank you. There we go. [ Heidi] [ thought that was very sweet of her. I love Amy to death. My mom is in the hospital, But, you know what, I'm here now. My mind is focused for the team. Omarosa brings nothing to the table except negativity. 1fOmarosa's head hurts, I do feel bad for her. But she takes advantage of a lot of situations. When there's a task, that's when her head hurts. - I'd like to recommend that we adjourn this meeting. - [ Heidi ] Oh, thank you! What do you think? [Ringing ] Hello. We received a phone call from Mr. Trump's office informing us that.. We had to be in front of Trump Tower at 8:45. Thank you. - How's your noggin? - [Omarosa] The lump is going down. After being plunked on the head with a piece of cement, I've got a throbbing headache. But do I whine every five minutes about it? No. [ Think I've been a trouper throughout the situation. - I'm actually used to the pain now. -[Amy] That just really disgusts me... to see Omarosa elevating this minor injury to something she thinks... is making her look like this poor victim, when, in fact, we're all laughing at her behind her back. She is a scheming, conniving bitch. Good morning. Good morning, Mr. Trump. Today, I'm going to show you something really cool. Just follow me. Come on. Pull out the truck. - [Woman ] Oh, cool. - [Omarosa ] Trump Ice! Let's get down to business. Nine of you left out of 16. One of you is going to become the president of one of my companies and make a lot of money. Now I've had a fascination for along time with branding. And I've decided to open up a water distribution company. And I call it, Trump Ice, the purest, best-tasting water you can imagine. The winning team is the team that does the best job over the next two days-- in terms of dollars-- of distribution of this water, Trump Ice. As usual, my associates, Carolyn and George, who is back from his business trip, will be accompanying you on your task. - There you have it, folks. - That's a lot of Trump Ice. You can sell Trump Ice by the case, by the pallet, which is 72 cases, or if you're really good, sell truckloads. The winning project manager will select two teammates, and as a reward, they're going to take a tour-- on my private helicopter-- around the island of Manhattan. Wow. It's going to be unbelievable. The losing team, I'll see you in the boardroom. Somebody's getting fired. Good luck. Thank you. We're gonna walk in with the Trump Ice, and we're going to say, “We're representing the latest and greatest product that's coming out. “Jump on to this tidal wave, or get washed out with the rest of 'em. It's your choice.” - Okay. - Everybody in the suite has an advanced college degree, and yet, they've selected me-- the man with just the high school diploma-- to be the team closer. 1 must be doing something pretty damn smart. 'M playing devil's advocate here. “But, honestly, it tastes like normal water to me.” I am so glad that you said that. I am so tired of people sipping water and going, “It doesn't taste like water.” [ think Troy is a little used-car salesman. He can't go in there and use the “I'm just a country boy from lldaho trying to sell some water.” - I think we really have to worry about it. - [ Heidi ] I like my Poland Spring. Absolutely. I understand you like that Poland Stream, but now, you're involved with a product that's not from Poland. You're involved with a product that's from New York. Three Streams is one of the purest waters bottled in America, with one of the lowest mineral contents. I think that's really a big deal. 1 am the project manager. 1 haven't been project manager since lemonade stand, I"m excited. I wanna get out there. If I fail, I-- [ Beeps ] fail. What are you gonna do? We're not selling to the unusual, we're selling to the person who wants to make money. These guys are in business. They don't give arat's ass about the mineral content. Okay, let's keep going. [ Bill ] Ereka's a very emotional girl, She tends to be a little combative and argumentative. But I think if she can remain calm, we're gonna be okay. Part of what's worked-- at least for me-- in the past is when 1/ had the Cigar of the Month Club. If you order six months, we give you the seventh month free. You have to motivate people to take more, otherwise, they're gonna take the bare minimum. I know we need a sales pitch, but I'm really concerned about getting appointments. We've gotta get calling. [Bill] 1/ do have some expertise in distribution, and I know what we need to do. My ideas are not being taken into consideration whatsoever. It's a brand-new product, and we are out here for the next few days to buzz it up... and to push it. It is our job to create a tremendous amount of buzz about this water. And that's the pitch? Yeah. That's it. It's been our job in the last few days to create a buzz, educate people about what it is. Your've got-- With Mr. Trump here, you've got the buzz that's being created. [Bill] What are you doing to create this tremendous buzz? Are you running ads on 21007 Are you doing television spots? Try to go in with an educated sales approach. - We took your retail price, whichis 3 $1.50. - Right. And I just kind of backed the numbers out. - We're appealing to your financial senses here. - That makes it much more sexy. Give me two pallets, you ship one at a time. We sure appreciate the business. In business, it's about numbers. It's all about how much you bring in to the bottom line at the end of the year. Rather than, “You should just buy this product because I'm cute.” [Trump] Never beg when you're trying to sell something. Ifit doesn't work out, take your lumps and relax. But you'll never sell through the begging route. How're you doing? I'm Troy McClain. This is Heid. Myself; Kwame and Troy went out and our attitude was positive, our morale was up, and we're real excited to start. If you buy the pallet, you're buying it for just under $8 a case. The only problem I have is I won't be able to store 72 cases. Fifty a case? The biggest problem that a lot of our places had? They didn't have the storage space in New York. -1 just don't have space for a pallet. - You don't have space for a pallet? If1 can give you a break on a half a pallet, I'd even roll up my sleeves and help you create the space. [ Laughs] You got it outside, don't you? [Omarosa] ls this it? [Amy] Yes. I put Omarosa and Amy together because I knew that, honestly, Amy could deal with Omarosa. We're talking about very unique, American-premium water. And it is really one of the better-tasting, really sweet waters that is offered. Our strategy was, “If you need to shut up, I'll kick you under the table.” She got kicked quite a bit. And I'm a big, big connoisseur of waters. I've had an opportunity to test many of the waters that you have on the table. This is really one of the best. We'd made a decision that Omarosa was responsible for doing the marketing, "cause that's what she likes to do, and I talked numbers. You know, the only thing ls for me to store all that water-- 1t would be very difficult. Okay. So-- You could consider getting just a couple of cases. - Well get five cases. - Five would be perfect. But, she'd come in low and say, “Can you buy a couple cases?” Let me talk numbers. I will stop. I'm sorry. /said, “Omarosa, we had a deal. You don't talk money.” And if we're talking about pallet price, it's $6 a pallet. Just a couple of cases while we're here today. 1 will never do numbers again. 1l do the sales pitch, and you do the numbers. And if you can make some type of commitment today, it would be a win-win for us and I think as well for Trump Ice to have-- You could consider getting just one case. [Amy] I'm like, “Holy-- [ Beeps ] Surely, I'm not hearing this. Again!” That was when she got her third kick. [ Think it would just be really fun to have and to serve to your clientele. Amy's kicking me under the table to tell me, “Forget the one case.” She's lucky I didn't kick her ass back. [ Laughs] All right. And this is for you. [Man] Great. [I think it's embarrassing and a waste of time to walk out selling $15 worth of something. It's not a good use of your time. [Omarosa] We are a damn good team together. - Team Omarosa and Amy. - Okay. [ Troy ] At the end of the first day, I was really getting worried about the numbers. We kind of figured we needed to hit 1,500 cases in sales to be average. Fresco by Scotto, five cases. Olives, 15 cases. Industry, zero. There was no way we were gonna do 1,500 cases in sales by just doing one sell at a time. So we've got an 8:00 a.m. at Value and Volume. Tomorrow, me, Troy and Amy are gonna go on the selling because Amy doesn't wanna be with Omarosa. She's useless to me anyway. I mean, she can't sell herself out of a paper bag. This is where 'm going. 'm going to ABC Distribution at10:00 am. Do me a favor and look them up. Why? You should always know the customer. [ Freka ] We knew that distributors were gonna be a major part of the whole deal, I went on the Web site and said, “Nick, take a look at this Web site. Understand this customer.” And he flat-out refused. Are you telling me that you don't try to understand your customer before-- You wanna enter into a discussion like this for 20 minutes about theories in sales? No. I dom't want theories in sales. I'm gonna sell my product in the best way that fits my customer. [ Nick] She's trying to tell me how to sell. It's absurd, It's like trying to tell the Pope how to pray. Hi, Kurt. It's Omarosa from Trump Ice. Have a seat. Thank you. Appreciate that. How's my makeup, Kurt? Am I okay? Okay. Let me get you something-- [ Cries Out, Laughs ] Before the meeting even starts. A free consultation from an expert. Kurt deals with a lot of celebrities. He added a little gloss to my lips, put a nice highlight color underneath my brows... and accents on the rouge on my cheeks. As you can see, he gave me a new look, and we sold two cases of water. -[Troy] Oh, my God, - What? We're missing the boat. We don't have to just do aone-time delivery. We can write our purchase order for 20 cases a week and times four weeks, times six weeks, times 10 weeks-- My moment of clarity came to me, and I shared it with the rest of the team. I said, “Wait a second. If they sell 20 cases a week, that's ongoing forever and ever.” Maybe we say, like, 25 cases a week for four weeks, and give it a good try that way? - It was a spark of genius. - That works out. I'm comfortable with four pallets at the truckload price. Our absolute break-even is five pallets. Would you feel comfortable with that? "Cause that is giving a little bit both ways. [Amy] Troy is a much smarter guy then I initially thought. - Sure. I don't want to appear completely inflexible. -[Laughs] Watching him adapt, tells me a lot about his personality-- that he reads people well to figure out what tactic sells best. I commend him for it, because I think he's doing adamn good job. Hello. Hello. Disconnected. No. It says connected. Hello? [ Nick ] This is showtime. This is what [ do for a living. This is my knitting, if you will, /sell things. I'm phenomenal at it. Freka, Bill, Katrina, and most of the people have underestimated me. How are you? I'm Nick. It's good to meet you. I said, “Hop on this back. I'm taking us to the promised land.” How does someone go about buying this product? Basically, we'd like to sell you atruck of it. 1/ have a whole truckload special for you, but I know you couldn't take a truckload. When a client notices that you're more interested... in the money behind the deal than in their best interest, you're gonna lose the deal. You wanna go for a pallet? Um-- No. I'm not gonna do anything. I'm gonna pass on it. Not even a case? A case? Like one case? One case. Basically, you know Mr. Trump. He's got beautiful buildings, casinos, um, airplanes and all that good stuff. - Now he's moving into the water business. - Right. It's bottled thousands of miles away from civilization, up in the-- This is a nightclub. It's not rocket science. It's just water. - You just wanna know price? - What do you come in at? - What if we can cut your price almost in half? - Send me a pallet on Tuesday next week. [Bill] Nick didn't want to learn about the customer. He's a hard-core salesman. But, Nick's a guy who oftentimes will jump out of the plane without learning how to operate the parachute. - [Heidi ] F&K; Restaurant? - Yes. - We sold five. - Kelly & Ping we lost. Sushi Sambo we didn't have. At the end of the day, we had the spreadsheets done, the receipts done, we had the financials done. We just waited for George to come in, collect our information. Where is everybody? Hi, there. How are we doing? Let's see what you got. That's not it--[ Beep ] Ereka had a slight problem with organizing the papers. - I'm really upset, guys. - What are you talking-- it's gonna come. Nick drives me a little bit nuts "cause he wasn't even filling out the paperwork properly to get it approved. Ridiculous. We worked our tails off, and if the paperwork is what puts us down, I'm gonna be pissed. This is everything? You're not gonna bring me any more? No. ll am giving you more. [ Carolyn] Okay. This is what I was doing when I was-- [ Bill ] She was extremely flustered. Making excuses for why we didn't have our papers in order. Just panicking. She did it in front of Carolyn, which I think was not a smooth move. - Okay. Good job. - Thank you. - -Tomorrow morning, Mr. Trump will reveal the winner. Okay? Good luck. - Thank you, Carolyn. Troy. Ready? We just got through finishing our task. Now Kwame and I, we're going to go head to the gym. We're looking forward to hitting the weights and gettin” her done tonight. Let's go, boss. Where they going? They're going to the gym? - I'm shaking right now. - It's gonna be a tough 12 hours ahead of us. Fourteen hours. It's utter torture. Sitting here trying to guess, ls just going to make us go crazy. [Groans ] I think I need to drink. I wanna run, but I think I need to drink. This is what it drives me to. /wanna be bad tonight. Let's get adrink. [ Nick] We made our way down to a phenomenal club. There was music. There was drinks. There was fun. It was awesome. Amy Warnock. [ Nick] I"m turning red. [Bill] Nick was asking me if thought that Amy was truly digging him. And, of course, I fed the fire and 1 said, “Absolutely.” I enhanced his confidence level slightly and he's full throttle. [Katrina ] I've never seen Nick this way. He's always so reserved, His downfall is Amy. [Giggles] I think Nick has a crush on me, and I think he's a great guy. But I haven't really had time to sit and think what I think about Nick. Hey, Nick. You could have kids that look like him. He's the spitting image of my little brother. I mean, it's scary. [Bill] You know, everyone was hugging each other, kissing and dancing. It was this lovefest, so to speak. And I'm thinking to myself, inl12orl15 hours, it's gonna be full-on war. So how is the water business, folks? - Good. - Pretty good. You both think you won? - Hope so. - George, how did they do? 1 have the figures of the Protégé team, and I think they did very well. They sold $6,283.45. That's good. Very good job. Carolyn? Well, I'm afraid our group didn't do as well. They brought in total sales of $4,015.92. - So, what happened? - We pushed it. We really did. We did everything we could do. The big difference is the Protégés sold two distributors. And the two distributors amounted for more than half their sales-- 3,400. And from my understanding, the hero in selling them was Troy. Actually, I would say that Amy and Heidi and I all did the sale. We did a fantastic job. [ Pounding ] You know, there's huge hammering going on outside, folks. And you really have to get it stopped. Downstairs at Asprey. Just tell them to stop. It's good. That's a new tenant. They're spending a lot of money. Fifteen million. But in the meantime, we'll stop them from building. Heidi, usually it means bad news when a project manager has to select two people. This time, it's good news. You have the pleasure of inviting two people to go on the reward with you. Your'll fly over Manhattan in my personal helicopter... and get to experience the life of a billionaire. - Who's your first choice? - Troy. - Troy? Oh. - Absolutely Troy. - You're doing a great job for Idaho, you know? - Thank you, sir. They're loving you. You're going be like-- they're going to give you a parade. - Thank you, sir. - Okay. Your second choice? - My second choice is gonna be Amy. - So you enjoy the helicopter flight. Versacorp, you can sweat it out in the suite until you meet me back in the boardroom... where someone will be fired. - Go ahead. - Thank you. Well, you know I think about you every hour, every minute. Well, you"re my mom. It was a rough week for me. So, it's just important for me to dedicate it to my mom. I know. I just want you to know you come first. I mean, foremost of anything. [ Sniffles ] I'am. I don't-- [ Laughs] 1 have to be very careful. 1 don't want my mom to cry, you know? She's so positive right now, and the doctors are positive. She goes into the operation soon. She's gonna be really honored that... I focused this task more than on me than on her, so I think she'll be proud of me. Okay. I love you. Bye. [Troy] We drive up to this helicopter that was so classy. It was limo with propellers, man. This is the Cadillac of helicopters right here. This your first time? My first time. [Troy] Be prepared for the ride of your life. - [ Troy ] Hold on. - If you get sick-- I don't throw up. [ Amy, Troy] go that way. Holy cow. That's funny. [Troy] Well, I definitely get to see New York now. [Amy] Heidi and I felt like tour guides showing Troy the Empire State Building... and the Chrysler Building and Central Park. Troy is definitely like a 32-year-old little kid, That's where King Kong climbed up to the top of it. Oh, my God, It took me to the most beautiful woman in the world, aside from my wife, the Statue of Liberty. And I get to see that pretty lady in full view. I mean, that was incredible. Ladies, thank you very much. You're great. Lord Almighty. [Amy] 1'm gonna have to say this ranks as the best prize yet. Hey, dude. I need to talk to you. All right. [Bill] It's obviously boardroom day, and there's a lot of negotiating, a lot of aligning going on right now in the suite. People are really worried about survival. There's no question about it. This is the deal, Nick's going in because-- [ talked to Kat about it too-- she said she didn't feel like he gave it his all. - Right. - Okay? I know you're going to kill me, but I'm taking you with me. I need you. I need you. That's fine. I promise you, Bill. I promise you that when they ask me why's Bill here, my only answer will be, “Because he was with me when negotiated one of the bigger deals.” Okay? I'm taking Bill in just because George is really stuck on that we lost was the distributors. So he's coming in, and I also told him how I feel about Nick. And he's in the loop. So just tell me so I'm clear. The reason I'm going in there is-- Is just because you sat on one of the biggest deals with me. - I'm just as much at fault as you are. - All right. The reason I'm not bringing Katrina-- and the only reason is-- she didn't lead anything. I don't have a reason for her failure. [Bill] Ereka has lobbied for my support in the boardroom. Last boardroom, she totally changed her tune once she was in front of Carolyn, George and Mr. Trump. Do trust Ereka in the boardroom? No. Trust me. It's not personal. It's not anything. It's loyalty. Just because you preface something and say it's not personal, doesn"t necessarily mean it isn't. Because people take these personally. He's allowed to take it personally. - No. But, me too. You know. - Yeah, you can. Whatever. It's fine. I hate this-- [ Beeps ] so much. All right. Is he sleeping? Oh, no. What do you wanna talk about? Did Bill tell you? What? I'm taking you and Bill. I mean, I have to. He thinks the distributors were the ones that broke or made us. Right. I would've told you earlier, but I literally have been gone-- I'll just prepare for it. One sec. [ Nick] If she slings mud in this direction, that won't be a good move. I'll ask her leading questions that she has to answer, and she'll effectively self-implode-- she'll be destroyed. So, what happened? - We lost by $2,000. - Which is a pretty big percentage. It's a big number, but we did very well when it came to the restaurants and bar. We far surpassed the other team. We did not do well with distributors. - What do you think, Nick? - We lost and it stinks, and I'm tired of it. - Your've lost a number of times. -1 have. The last two. The last one didn't sting as much, but this one-- Wwell, the last two, - but you also lost with the men. - Th-That's right. Six? We've made six trips in here, together. So you're escaping. Carolyn, what do you think? -1 think you did poorly. - Okay. And I'm not singling anyone out. I think you all four had your bad moments. And the whole thing went very poorly. George, what do you have? Oh, boy. I got a lot. First of all, from what's gone on up until now, I was really surprised how little you had learned. You wanna sell somebody, you gotta learn as much about the target before you meet them. - The target customer? - The target customer. Whoever you're trying to sell. Excellent. I agree. You go to a Web site or whatever it is, learn about 'em. What do they do? Where do they go? I absolutely agree. As the P.M,, with Nick, 1 was very frustrated for two things. First being, I asked him, I said at 3:00 in the morning. /said, “Do me a favor. Research ABC. Here's the Web site.” 1 pulled it up for him. “Read this. Know your customer.” He refused me. He refused to go into the warehouse with this information. -1 don't know why. - How do you know I didn't review it before we went in? - Because Katrina was with you. - Okay. And because I saw you never take the folder or look at the computer and go to bed. You went to bed before I did. You never looked at the folder. I know, Nick. For your information, I was up early, reviewed the Web site, didn't find too much value in it. Nick, you never got close to the person you were trying to sell. You didn't establish a feeling of warmth. [ Nick] I disagree with that wholeheartedly. The way I come in is big energy, charisma. I'm gabbing up a storm before-- If you say so yourself. What"s that? - What makes you think you have charisma? - I'think I do. -1 think I bring a certain energy to a place. - More so than the other three? - Yes. - Who do you think, Nick, did the worst job? Ereka. Specifically, a leader can never, ever look frazzled in front of the troops. And for her to behave like that at the end of the day... when it's crunch time is, I believe, unacceptable. I was fixing your mistakes. Even if that is the case, which I don't think it is-- but, let's just say it is, why be frantic? Why be all over the place? Once you unnerve the troops, who are we to believe in? Were you frantic? Do you think you were frantic? Numbers speak for themselves, Mr. Trump. He had double the number of accounts and pulled in less dollars. - They're right here. - Bill, who did the worst? I don't think any of us are proud of what went on. I mean, it was clearly, um, we had some poor planning. It was a mess. Who did the worst job? For me to assess that-- I mean, the only one I was working with was Ereka. - Do you think she was good? -1 think she held her own out there. -50, not terrible, but not a superstar? -[Bill] Not horrible. No. It was a tough assignment, and we worked together closely. First I wanna say, 1 don't think Ereka's being given the credijt that she deserves. - She was a fantastic-- -1 think you're very smart, because you don't wanna be picked... - and you're probably gonna be the one-- -1 guarantee it. - You think it's already done? - They asked me to tell them who Id bring in, and I upheld my word. Whoa. Nobody asked you anything. In fact, I'd prefer to be surprised. - Did you tell them? - Yes. Of course I told them. It was the only fair thing to do. I'm not a chicken. I'm a leader. I don't want her to take blame for not choosing me. Because they're going to try to turn this as our friendship. No, they're not. Bill understands. It's not gonna happen that way. Are you friends? Are you friends? Sure, we're friends. You know what I told her-- You've played it very smart. You've said she's a genius. She's unbelievable. Making it almost impossible for her to pick you. Ereka is one of the best women here. I've said that since day one. Okay. Ereka, as project manager, you're partially responsible for the loss. But I want you to pick the two people that you think are also responsible. - Who's going up to the suite? - Katrina's going back, and they're coming in. Good, Katrina, go back to the suite. Your girlfriend Ereka gave you a break. Bill, Nick and Freka, you three outside. You'll be back in a minute. Enjoy your evening. There's no place like Trump Tower. [ Chuckles ] [Bill] This is getting rough. That's all I have to say. Sorry, Bill. -[Trump] So, what do you think? - [ Carolyn ] Nobody impressed me. - George? - We have to make a decision primarily between Nick and Ereka. That's my feeling. For someone who is supposed to be such a successful salesman, Nick had absolutely no rapport with any of his customers. Who closed Wolf? Yeah, but, as Bill mentioned, I split that one, because he actually secured the pallet. We splititin half. [George] It's a close call. But, I think Ereka blew it at this point. If you can't control your emotions in a situation at that point, that's not somebody we want on our team. I'm not unfair. I am extremely fair. I'm looking at numbers right now and from what I heard. - Robin, bring 'em in, please. - Okay. You can go in now. - I'd like to say something if it's at all possible. - What do you wanna say? I just wanna say this. I went out there. I ran a thousand miles per hour. - I've been doing that the whole time. - Bill, you're just gonna be quiet and watch these two fight? I cannot babysit. And go right under that little radar? -1 don't believe it. I don't believe it. - Bill did a great job. He really did. - He put a financial end to it that was phenomenal. - You're in good shape I think, Bill. [Freka] I'm telling you-- [ think you're in good shape. This is the one that's going to make the decision, but I think you're in good shape. So just shut up. That's what I'm doing. You're me. Who would you choose? Who did the worst job? Come on, Bill. You have to make decisions. Who would you choose? You have to do it, Bill. You're an executive. You gotta make some decisions which are very painful. I don't have to live with the people when I leave here. Sometimes you do have to live with them. Who would you fire of the two, Bill? My only problem with Freka was that many of my ideas were dismissed. - Which one? -1 joked like I was the invisible man. Would I be right in making the statement that of between Nick and Ereka, you think Ereka should be the one that should be fired? - Is my statement wrong or right? - That's correct. Yes, / do. I'm disappointed. 'm really disappointed. - Do you think you're better than Ereka, Nick? - Yes. I do. I can handle the pressure, Mr. Trump, I can effectively run one of your organizations. - Can Ereka handle it? - No. Why can't she handle it? Yeah. This is interesting tome. "Cause if I can manage fixing all your screwups, I hope I can manage being president of his company. Bill, who did more business between these two? When you look at the dollars, Ereka and myself, we generated more dollars. So if you're gonna put Nick down, you might as well put Katrina down. Absolutely. Why is she gone? The only reason why Katrina's gone-- You like her because she's your girlfriend? But are you doing that because she's your girlfriend? Carolyn, if she had taken more of aleadership role, I would've put her in that hot seat. - She wasn't the one taking the leadership role. -1 think that's an excuse. You're saying because she didn't take aleadership role, she's gone? And she's now in this beautiful suite overlooking the world, That was one reason. Another reason is she brought in the most dollars. [ Carolyn] She did, or she and Nick did? Where was I? She spoke with him for a half an hour-- Wait a minute. - Excuse me. Excuse me. - Ereka, weren't they apart of a team? They were, but she took the lead in that negotiation. Hold it. You weren't there, so don't say she took the lead or not. All right. Nick, I don't know why you think you're such a great salesman. Your performance was terrible. Ereka, you never had astrong game plan. You were frantic under pressure. And worst of all, you let your emotions dictate who came into the boardroom. - Ereka-- - Don't say it, Mr. Trump. You're fired. Go ahead. See you later. Bill, you sold me out. Short-term memory. [Trump] 1 like Freka, but she's way too emotional. And in business, that can just kill you. That was a tough one. I didn't think so tough. Trump lce was the reason why I left today. I stand by my choice to not bring Katrina into the boardroom. And I absolutely think that Mr. Trump made the wrong choice. I know Nick. 1/ know the way he works. He for the first time wasn't able to go under the radar and he did not perform. And ! am so shocked at Bill. But what are you gonna do? I"m a smart girl, and I"m gonna move on. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 