Life Unexpected: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Life Unexpected 
 s1e2 - Home Inspected - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Life Unexpected (2010–2011): Season 1, Episode 2 - Home Inspected - full transcript 
 Cate and Baze are paid a visit by a social worker whose job it is to evaluate both of them and determine if they are fit parents. Lux is torn when her boyfriend, Bug, and best friend, Natasha, suggest that Cate and Baze may not be in it for the long haul and that Lux should return to her old life and the people who love her most of all. Meanwhile, Cate is pressured by the executives at the radio station to deny that she has a daughter in order to save her job. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Life Unexpected I'm looking for Nathaniel Bazile. That's me. I'm your daughter. You and someone had a kid. You gave up that kid. I am that kid. And now I'm applying for emancipation. From the people who adopted you? From foster care. Cate Cassidy.That's your mom. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I am Cate Cassidy. Ryan and I have been up since 5:00. And,as usual,arguing since 6:00. What are you doing? Will you marry me? What? Meet Lux,our daughter. - You never even told me we've got a kid out there. - Why would I? You wouldn't even admit that she existed. Oh,my God.Tell me this didn't happen. Oh,it happened.Twice. I see you turn 16 tomorrow. What are you doing here? Uh,they're,um,my birth parents. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I am not granting you emancipation. I'm releasing you back into their temporary joint custody. What's burning? Lux's breakfast. What's left of it. Who doesn't know how to follow a recipe for French toast? Social worker's coming tomorrow. Do moms that don't know how to cook get approved to be foster parents? I-- hey.Put that down. Don't worry,okay? You're gonna get approved. You're awesome. The house is up to code. I'm almost done fixing up the attic. You'll,uh,you'll pass the inspection. What about Baze? Right? 'Cause the judge gave us joint custody,so pending this home visit or inspection,whatever. I mean,we both have to get approved. What if he doesn't? You know,I still can't get over that hair. I know. It's like my hairdresser was psychic. She knew I got a kid. She made me a soccer mom. A hot soccer mom. Hot but dumb. Look,for what it's worth,I approve. And our being engaged will,uh... definitely help, even though you're not wearing your ring. Thank work. You ever wish our show wasn't predicated on you being a carefree bachelor and me being cripplingly single? Uh,speaking of which,we're going to be late. Oh,okay. Hey,there. Morning. Um,we're heading down to the station now,but I put some cereal out. Uh,there's money for lunch. Oh,there's a note with my number at work and my cell. So,if you need anything,you just-- you call me. Okay. Wait. How am I getting to school? Are... you drunk? What?No.I'm not.I'm just,uh-- I'm happy to hear from you. Okay,well,uh,how happy would you be about driving Lux to school? Yes.Sure.Whatever you want. Really?Oh,my God.That's great. 'Cause I am already so late for work. I'm gonna shower. You mean today? Hey,you're going to have to rely on him sooner or later. I mean,he has the mental capacity of a nine-year-old. The judge should have put him in Lux's care. I can hear you. Um,so I would love to drive Lux to school today,but I just worked all night, and I got that social work chick coming to check out my place tomorrow. Today. She's coming to our place today. No,dude,it's tomorrow. No.We were up all night. Tomorrow is today. She's coming in eight hours. Do you understand how important this inspection is? Take the lotion off the nightstand,fix the smoke alarm. Find a place for Lux to sleep. You know,just do whatever you need to do. We can't lose her because the social worker sees that you have the parental skills of a banana. I'll drive her,but don't call me a banana. Why don't you call Tracey?She'll help you out. No. Girlfriend status would be a negative. I told her about the custody. She wants "space." Hey,is anybody in this bar sober? you're defending yourself. What?Every girl knows this. - It is just a lot more efficient. - Okay,wait. So you're telling me that there's some kind of common strategy that I don't know about? Sometimes having sex,if you just want to get someone out the door,it's just a lot faster. Otherwise,it's a lot of talking. It's a bottle of wine. It's another bottle of wine. It's empty calories. Wow.Okay. Well,uh,during this commercial break,I will seriously be rethinking things. Hover much? Since when are you back on mornings? Since Alice went on vacation. She gets the Seychelles with her husband; I get stuck covering you guys for a week. And what is this? That is damage control. Why?What did I do? Well,let's see. You dated your cohost. Uh,three days ago,you practically proposed to him on air. So,today,when you're tempted to blurt out how you're a mom now,you can read that instead. What,uh,wh-what is it? She wants me to lie and say that I was never pregnant in high school. People want the truth. No,no,they don't. People think that they want the truth,but you know what they really want? What they really want is to turn on this radio show every morning and listen to you rant about your awkward sexcapades and your hatred of eye contact, stalking your therapist. It was once!It was just once. Jenny,who's this... who's this coming from? A lot higher up than me. What do you think? You think I should read it? I don't know. But we're back in 20. Come here. - I,uh... - What? I just feel like I should offer you some fatherly advice. You know,words of wisdom and whatnot. Okay.Go.Go,go. What time should I pick you up? I'll find a ride. - Okay.Bye. - Bye. - Yes? - Well? Well,everything is great.I just dropped her off. And I will see you at the apartment for the inspection,'kay? Didn't school start an hour ago? We want to hit the drive-through. Who's in the car with you? Jamie. Breakfast is over. No!No.It goes till 10:00. Who else? Uh... Sanjeev. Are you in a cab? You're drunk!You're drunk.I knew it!He's drunk. I did everything you asked,lady. Right now,she's inside,in school,getting an education,okay? You can't be serious. I almost called the police. We had no idea where you were. I know. You missed your birthday. I know. I can't believe this is happening. Lux,I was banking on this. I took off,I ran away from foster care. To infinity.I know. These are the same people who gave you up the first time around. How can the judge just put you back into their custody? Just like that? Did you fight it?Did you tell the judge about our plan? For us to get emancipated and move in with our boyfriends? No,I didn't mention that. Living with two high school dropouts probably wouldn't have helped your case much. Hey.Speak for yourself.I'm gainfully employed,okay? Oh,yeah? What's the 401(k) plan at Voodoo Donuts? You know what? If your fancy new parents pay for you to go to college,you should major in bitch. Dude. Okay. Tash,none of this was my fault. It's not like I wanted this. Okay,then get out of it. Tell the judge or whoever that they're unfit parents and that you don't want to be with them. Look,wherever I am,you know,you can still get emancipated. How? If they won't approve you,they'll never approve me. You're the one with the better grades,the better references,all the money saved. Your bank account was the key to the judge thinking we could afford our own place. - Tash. - No,man. She said it herself,okay? You didn't want this. We had a plan. You and me together.Do you remember? Together. You don't have to be stuck with these people. We can go get your stuff right now. But it's across town,at Cate's. Well,then let's go to Cate's. Cate... you have to read this. Is lying really necessary? 'Cause I'm lying to the fans about Lux,I'm lying to the fans about Ryan, I'm lying to Ryan about Baze... Wait,what?What? - I'm just gonna go back upstairs. - No,no,no. Spill it. Okay,so,the other night... after Ryan and I called off our engagement but before we called it back on,I kind of... you know,I... I slept with Baze. Shut up! Oh,of course you did! Of course you did! Oh,my God,this is why I love you-- you see this? Why is this feeling like the opposite of a compliment? You are going to subconsciously sabotage yourself so that you don't have to take responsibility for anything or be accountable to anyone. Sleeping with Baze,it wasn't sabotage. It was an accident. It was a drunken,stupid accident. How many more "accidents" are you gonna have with Baze on your way to the altar with Ryan? So,basically... your mom's loaded,huh? It's,like,a one-bedroom house. Yeah,in Nob Hill. Dude,we should go before the lady gets home. No.She's still on the radio; we've got time. Let's check it out. God,I hope that... Someone went on a shopping spree. Think Cate would mind if I borrowed these for my hearing? Okay,put those down. Those probably cost more than all of us combined. Think it costs more than this? Gavin! What? Hey,you said I needed a 401(k). This is my plan,right here. Gavin! We're out. Sleeping on the couch. Screams temporary. I've only been here for three days. It's not like she planned on me being here. Maybe she doesn't plan on you staying. Yeah,just think of this as saving her the trouble of kicking you out. Come on,Lux. You've been in and out of enough foster homes to know how these people are. One mistake,and you're gone. These aren't "these people. " They're my family. Really? 'Cause... I thought we were your family. But suddenly you'd rather live with a drunk guy that can't get you to school on time and a mom that can't even get you a bed? Maybe I don't want to just pack up and leave,okay? So what I'm sleeping on the couch? At least I'm not sharing a room with six other kids. Or worse... locked in one. So what Baze's gotten drunk? He didn't get drunk and slap me. For the first time in my life... I feel like somebody wants me. So,yeah...I want to stay. Fine. Then stay. I want to apologize for any confusion that last week's call-in may have caused. Apparently,an old classmate of Kate's thought that would be a funny prank. Uh,I guess that he's still jealous that I graduated summa cum laude and he still doesn't know what that means. So,um,for the record,I was a lot of things in high school, but...pregnant was definitely not one of them. So rest assured,Portland...I do not have a kid out there. I guess she doesn't want you as much as you thought. This is the main room,the kitchen,dining room,living room,the game room. Boom,boom,boom,bedrooms,three of 'em. And which one is Lux's? Uh... We haven't worked that out yet. Was that the smoke detector? No. I'm gonna look around. Yeah.For sure. Baze,seriously,was that... Is,um,is everything okay? That roof deck will need a railing. You see,the purpose of these home visits is to make sure that Lux's safety won't be compromised. and that she is in an environment that is appropriate for a teenager. Oh,well,this place is perfect for a teenager. I mean,we got a pool table,a pinball machine... Living above a bar,access to alcohol-- these are concerns that the state would raise. Now,Cate has already given me her paperwork, but I'm waiting for a copy of your medical records and a list of references who can vouch for your ability to parent. Is that... a bong? What? Oh,my God. Turned into a lamp. Yeah,this was a gift,a very special gift from a very irresponsible person. I'm gonna look around some more. Okay. What? If she finds a naked beer poster,you are dead. You are dead.What did you spend all day doing? Uh,you mean besides driving Lux across town and back?I sobered up. - Relax. - Relax? We're trying to get approved,and your main light source is a giant bong? But why should I be surprised?I mean,look at this place. Oh,you know what?It didn't seem to bother you the other night. Don't. I'm guessing you didn't mention to your "fianc" what happened between us. The only thing between us is the lingering smell of your Axe Body Spray. I mean,we are never gonna get approved. Look at you. Calm down. It's fine. She's not gonna find anything that is gonna mess this up for us,okay? Can I ask who this belongs to? A sheep?Who has an inflatable sheep? It's,like,you would actually have to try and be that stupid,you know? God,and that wasn't even the half of it. He had a bong lamp. Sounds awesome. You know,I still cannot believe you had sex with him. Not that I'm judging. I mean,you... you should have seen the first girl I had sex with. Man,Jersey shore,underneath the pier. She had bangs ushe hd the. Ryan. So,school-- how,uh... how-how... how is that? Um... schooly? You mean once she finally got there? I only missed study hall and a part of sex ed. Who needs to know how to work condoms anyway? Okay,um... uh,we got,uh,half and half here. Uh,Canadian bacon and pepperoni. I don't eat... meat. It's fine. I'm not that hungry anyway. I'll just go get ready for bed. What did you do? Me? Nothing.She's been like that since I got home. I mean,come on,I know that she's a teenager,but is she supposed to hate me that fast? You know,maybe you should talk to her. No,I think that falls under your job description. Kind of like deciding whether I should read that statement,huh? 'Cause you pretty much left me hanging today. What did you want me to say? Well,if it's both of our careers on the line,I think we should decide it together. Kind of like we decided to take in Lux together? Because last time I checked,that was your call. Okay. No,Cate,look,I'm not saying that I don't want to do it. I do. But you got to give me a second here to just,you know,get used to everything. You know,a lot... a lot has changed,and it's just... it's fast. Wait.Ryan,wait. Are... are you leaving? Are you mad? No,I just... I've got stuff that I... you know,I-I got to do. I've been spending so much time at your place, getting your home ready for the inspection,and it... Ryan,Ryan.You're right,okay? This whole mom thing-- it just wasn't in the plan. I'm not good at it. Okay,so please,just don't leave me here alone. You're not alone,Cate. You got Lux. **** Are you okay? I,um... To take a cab to school tomorrow. I'm going to give you money. Uh,yes,I'll give you money,and we will work out this whole ride thing eventually. Baze said he'd take me. Yeah.Baze says a lot of things. Oh,my God.Where's my engagement ring? What? It was right here,and now... Where is my ring? Oh,God.My engagement ring. I... I... I left it right here,and now it's gone. Okay,Gavin. Give it back. What?Give what back? Seriously,I don't have time for this. The meter's running,and I can't miss school again. Just give me the ring. What... what ring? What's wrong? He freaking stole it!Cate's ring. Screw you.I didn't take your damn ring. Oh,really?Because I saw you with it,and now it's gone. He didn't take your ring. Don't defend him. That 401(k) crap?We all heard it. Lux,get over yourself. You come back here with your new Nob Hill,white picket fence life. You think any of us need your mom's tacky crap? If he said he didn't take it,he didn't take it. If he didn't,then who did? Look,you got a shot at a new life. We all get it. But coming over here yelling at us-- at Gavin-- like we did something wrong... He did do something wrong! And what if Cate finds out? So what,Lux? What,she's your mom now,and that trumps everything? Up until a few days ago,we were family. And not because anyone had to force us to take you in. We wanted you because we wanted you. I'm sorry,you guys. I don't know what I was thinking. Are you coming? You want a ride? not ing to school today. I've got my hearing,remember? **** Just making sure you didn't swallow your own tongue. Where were you this morning? Sanjeev and I are developing quite a rapport. I tried to stay up after work so I wouldn't oversleep,and I fell asleep on the bar. Let me make it up to you. You want to drive? No,I don't have my license. Yeah,well,the sooner you learn how to drive,the sooner I won't have to drive you. I haven't even taken driver's ed yet. That's what makes it so fun. Get in here. Come on. You know,you can get a ticket for going under the speed limit,too,right? I was going slow? Yeah,power walkers were passing you on the bridge. Why is she driving? Why is she driving? Are you drunk again? Hey,she's fine. She's cool.Just relax. She knows what she's doing. Okay,so what you want to do-- you're gonna downshift. Not the gas,the brake.Not the gas!Not the gas! Oh,oh,my... Oh... Oh,my God,are you okay? Oh,my God,I'm sorry,I'm so sorry! I didn't want to! He made me do it! I swear I didn't want to! Were you dropped on your head as a child, or is there something diagnosably wrong with you? It's like you know the social worker's on her way up here,and so what do you do? You have Lux drive up.It's like you're actually trying to screw this up. What? Oh,my God,you are actually trying to screw this up. Deep down,you don't really want this,do you? That's why you forgot the home smoke alarm,right? Oh,an-and the bong and the sheep,the cab,the driving. You're actually trying not to get approved. Admit it,you're in over your head. You don't want to be a parent.You don't want a kid,admit it. Like you do? I heard you,okay,on the radio. If you didn't want me,you shouldn't have pretended that you did. Guys... Now,a judge would rarely put a child into the custody of two people not together, unless there was really no other viable option. My job is to determine how viable an option this is. Well,don't-don't let the,uh,the thing on the front lawn,you know,fool you. BFF's right here.Sorry. Respectfully,Mr.Bazile,you can't even change the double A batteries in your smoke detector. What makes you think you can co-parent? I am speaking with the judge in the morning. And even without talking to Lux. I am reluctant to recommend that that state allows her to be placed in your care. I made a mistake,okay? I screwed up.I never should have blamed Gavin. I'm kind of busy. I'm sorry,Tash. Bug was supposed to bring me garbage bags for my stuff. I don't even know where he is. No. T,no. Yeah. Emancipation denied. Pretty stupid thinking I could camp out here till I was 18,huh? But... Ar... Are you going to go back...? Back to Sunnyvale. Bed 39 is all mine. Your phone. I'll get it. Lux,Lux,wait. Lux,wait,I got it. Yeah,I took the ring.So what? You lied. To my face. How could-- how could you lie to me? About as easily as you could bail. Can you blame me for trying to get you back? Wait,that was the one mistake? You stole the ring so Cate would kick me out? Why are you so protective of her,Lux? Somebody you barely know. What about me? She stole the only thing that mattered to me. Just go. Okay,enjoy your perfect mom and your perfect life. 'Cause not everybody gets one. Well?What happened? Uh,so Lux-- Lux isn't moving in. Cate was right. I think I messed it all up. Dude,you did more than most people in your situation would do. I mean,you tried. Tried? He smashes things to bits,'cause it's easier than fixing them. Is that the definition of trying? A teenager's more complicated than a smoke detector,okay,genius. So,what now? She's just going to go back to foster care,that's it? Dude,I feel bad enough without you making it worse. You have no clue how freakin' lucky you are. You have this amazing daughter. You are now forever linked to the most amazing woman on the planet. Well,uh,time-out here. Are we talking about the same Cate? Everything isn't a joke,okay? It's one thing to make Cate deal with it when you were 16, but it's freakin' pathetic that at 32,you'd make her do it alone all over again. Look around,Baze. No one's laughing but you. Hi. I found this address in Lux's stuff. Um,is Lux here? Wow... Cate Cassidy. I recognize you from the billboards. The,uh,super slutty ones. If you're looking for Lux,she's not here. She took off with Bug. Bug? Her boyfriend. Wow. Okay,um... well,then,when she gets back,have her call me. Sorry. I've got a one-way ticket back to a girls' home. We don't all have a celebrity mom who is going to appear out of nowhere and save us,you know? Can I ask you something? Do you think she's better off? You know,holding out for someone else? You mean someone who doesn't deny her existence on the radio? Lux and I,we've been friends since we were little-- since we were seven. We met at Sunnyvale before I was placed. We used to get in trouble. Well,I used to get in trouble for everything-- getting sick,crying; they'd punish me by making me drink spoonfuls of Tabasco sauce. And Lux,she,uh-- she collected change from under the couch in the lobby, and after,like,a month,she saved enough to replace the Tabasco with V8. It was the nicest thing anyone's ever done for me... to this day. a b c Uh,your engagement ring? Lux has it. I'm the one that took it. I'm really sorry. d e f Lux,she's been with a lot of really crappy people,people way worse than you. And... even if there was some great person out there who really wanted her... you still have one thing they don't. You're her mom. To people like us? That's... everything. g h i 'cause,um,I need to say something. Lux has been through more than either one of us realize, and if I don't find a way to get approved for custody of her, I literally will not be able to live with myself; I'm just not going to turn her away twice,so if you want to walk away... I don't. Cate,I mean it,I don't. Like,I will do whatever you want. I'll take her to school every day. She can stay at my place. We can split time with her 50/50. I don't,like,I don't want to be that guy who bails. Not again. I want to be a dad. And I want to do this with you. I mean,not like with you,with you. I mean,I know you're with Ryan,and I definitely know how you feel about me. And whatever happened between us the other night,that was a mistake. And it shouldn't have happened. And I'm not gonna say anything to anyone,and you shouldn't either. So what happened with us,that's in the past. And the only thing that matters between us now is Lux. Sorry.We're so sorry to just show up like this. The front desk lady said that you'd be here. Right,but we just,we really need to talk to you before you meet with the judge. Boom,here's my paperwork. I's crossed,T's dotted-- it is all here. Look,an ambush is not the way to win your child back. Before you say anything else,you have got to hear me out. Okay? You go ahead. Okay,so I'm not a soccer mom,and-and he,he can barely spell PTA. Don't even know what it is. But,yeah,we're here. And,okay,we're just not gonna go anywhere until you approve us. - Cate,listen,I... - No,you listen. I gave her up 16 years ago because someone in your department promised me that there would be someone great to adopt her,and no one did. And if you would've left her with us 16 years ago,I mean, how can you not leave her with us now? She has been in seven foster homes,and she has hated every single one of them. Are they really that much better than our homes? Are we that much worse?Because we can make room for her. Get batteries,not fight on the lawn. Look,we-we don't have it all worked out yet,you know? We can give her the one thing that no one else ever has... love. I would love to recommend joint custody,but I can't. I just interviewed Lux. What? She has requested to return to Sunnyvale Home for Girls. I'm so sorry. Excuse me. What's going on? I-I-I just... I... I'm leaving. My boyfriend's waiting; I've got to go. Where's that,back to,uh,Sunnyvale with Tasha? I heard. Cate talked to her and Fern. Oh,come on,Lux.I know what you're doing. This is about more than just Tasha. This is you bailing on Cate before she can bail on you,right? Look... I've seen enough Dr.Phil to know that everything that Cate yelled at Baze, she thinks about herself. She's the one who's in over her head. She's the one who doesn't want a kid. There isn't even room for me in her place. You think that there's room for me in her life? Here's the thing about Cate. She's is a perfectionist. She will not take on anything that she doesn't feel that she will be good at. You know,I remember when she and I first started together in radio,okay? She was terrified. And yeah,she acted all,you know,confident and unfazed, but underneath... underneath,she was a lot like you. Scared. Didn't know what she got herself into. Look,Cate's not gonna be good at this overnight. In fact,it's probably gonna take a while. And you're right. In her old life... she may not have had room for you. I mean,hell,she didn't have room for me. But she's making room. Swear. For both of us. Come here a second. The,uh,work that we've been rushing to do on the house, well,it wasn't just for the home inspection. It was for you. Oh,my God. Cate,well,she didn't want to tell you until she knew she'd get approved. So... j Yeah,she did. She also went on your iPod,got all your favorite bands. I never had my own room before. You like? I love. k But you've met the qualifications as foster parents and will be granted temporary joint custody of Lux. There is one condition. Cate,you will be Lux's primary caregiver. Oh,what-what does that mean? What does that mean? That means that Lux is only allowed to live at Cate's. Now,maybe eventually,that can change,but for now,after what I've seen,it's my recommendation. Congratulations,all of you. - Thank you. - You're welcome. Thanks. Bye. It's gonna be great,okay? My room is amazing. But who are the Spin Doctors? Um... they,uh,they provided the soundtrack of your conception. Sorry for putting that image in your head. And I'm sorry for what I said on the radio. You know,I've had trouble committing to things my entire life. But,Lux... I'm committed to you. Okay?No matter what I said on the stupid radio. And I'm sorry. You deserve better than that. You know,I really like your name. Who gave it to you? A nurse. Blonde-haired kid from two dark-haired parents. What are the chances,right? Means "light." l I didn't want to say anything before because I didn't want you to see me as a different person.Or in a different light. But maybe that's what's happened. Things... Things have been illuminated,and everything has changed. I met my daughter. Lux. I think there's a reason she's come back into my life. Into our lives. Maybe it's-- I don't know-- maybe it's so she and I and all the people that we love can grow up once and for all. Together. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 