Life Unexpected: Season 1, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Life Unexpected 
 s1e13 - Love Unexpected - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Life Unexpected (2010–2011): Season 1, Episode 13 - Love Unexpected - full transcript 
 With her wedding fast approaching, Cate must confront her true feelings for the two men in her life, Baze and Ryan. To complicate Cate's already conflicted feelings, on the day of the wedding, Lux reveals something that threatens to change all of their lives forever. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on life unexpected: Ryan, will you marry me? So, when, when is the big day? Two weeks. To Cate and Ryan. How long has it been? How long has what been? Since you've had feelings for Cate? I thought that igave it time, the feelings would go away. I don't know if I want the feelings to go away. You told me to tell you when I was ready 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 for you to be my parents officially... and I am. I'm ready. Today we come together on this most special of days. * This is the first day... * Today is a day to appreciate, one you will look back on and cherish. Your journey to get here hasn't been easy. * And all I want is you * The road has been long and winding... the path, hard to see at times, impossible, even. But now you stand here before me, ready to make an everlasting commitment... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 to yourselves and to each other. This is a day you'll celebrate. * I can't see so clearly when your smoke gets in my eyes * It's a day that's been a long time coming, years in the making. Yet today is just the beginning. * Baby, can you hear...? * I've been doing this for a long time. I've seen a lot of heartache and disappointment because prayers are rarely answered, and usually, dreams remain dreams. But today your dream becomes a reality. The state of Oregon finds that it is in the best interest of Lux Cassidy to have the rights of her biological parents reinstated. Lux, you are no longer a ward of the state. Full, permanent joint custody has been granted to Catherine Cassidy and Nathaniel Bazile Congratulations to you all You're a family. Come here. Okay! Smile! Fern... Thank you. So you'll never forget this day. Please, don't tell anyone... that this was the first thing we did as parents, please? Hmm. Well, I think you've done worse. Well, at least, Baze has. Okay, a toast to bong lamps. And, oh, inflatable sheep. You and Baze getting custody. To illegal keg parties, young lady. And to road trips. You and Cate getting arrested. And to breakups. Breakdowns. You and Baze getting along? Yes, we are getting along. Yeah. It's almost like I like you. All right, to the three of us. To family. Cheers. We got the rings! Talked to the minister. Uh, the rehearsal is on for tonight at... 5:00. So, is it official? It's all legal? You're a part of the family? Mm-hmm. I guess tomorrow's my turn, huh? You know, I was just about to get going. Wait, no! We haven't even started eating yet. My mom. Mom? Hey, what's up? What?! Ryan: What's wrong? Are you kidding me? I mean, who-who buys peel-and-eat shrimp from some dude at an intersection? Abby got food poisoning. The day before our wedding? Happiest day of our lives, right? That was fun... for about five seconds. Yeah. Are you really not gonna say anything... about how you feel? You're just gonna watch her get married tomorrow? I'm not gonna watch anything. I'm going to steer clear of all things "wedding." I don't want to see it. Mmm. I don't want to hear anything about it. So that's the kind of family we're gonna be. The kind that just sits around lying to each other because we can't say how we feel? Lesson numero uno: that's every family. Mom, please, you can't be late! You're walking me down the aisle. Why is Abby making my entire wedding day all about her? I mean, she better be walking around with an IV drip. Wait. She is? Oh, my God. I come bearing inappropriate wedding favors... and something from Corporate. Got it! Okay, Mom, look, I gotta go. I mean, Alice, she just showed up with all of the gifts. Abby? She can barely stand. Shot glasses? My mom ordered "Cate and Ryan" shot glasses? Corporate wants to lock us into a five-year contract. The station just wants to protect itself to ensure that no matter whatever happens between the two of you, you're not going anywhere. Yeah, of course we're not going anywhere. Yeah, well, we're not gonna be bullied into signing something the day before our wedding. Would you rather exile yourself into a career in easy listening? Because that's what could happen. Um, Cate? Hmm? Your rehearsal dinner place just fell through. I don't know- something about septic tanks and knee-deep water. I tuned out before I started gagging. Cate, look, don't freak out, okay? It could be worse. Abby's sick. Corporate's up our butts. The site of our rehearsal dinner is literally drowning in crap. I'm, uh, I'm just gonna... Bye. Wha...? Look, we can figure this out, okay? We just need somewhere that seats 50 people that's willing to have our caterers take over. What about Baze's? Yeah, you have a space. Um... it's Friday night, and it's a big night for the bar, so I... Well, we'd be, uh, you know, we'd be willing to cover your losses. Yeah, right. I just don't think it's a... it's not a great idea. It is our only idea. So unless there is some other reason that you don't want to have our rehearsal dinner at your bar...? Sure. Why not? Let's do it. * Bent or broken, it's the family tree * * Each branch a part of a part of me * * This is my tree, and it's a beautiful tree. * Transcript By Addic7ed.com I'm gonna head over to the rehearsal. You can 86 the stinkeye. I'm sorry I offered up your place. I just... I think you shouldn't pretend this wedding's not happening. You can't avoid her. Besides, she said that you should always be honest. I don't think she meant that honest. Honesty is like, it's like being pregnant: you either are or you aren't. Come on. You have to tell her how you feel. What if she feels something, too? Uh, if she did, she wouldn't be marrying Ryan tomorrow. Hey-hey, Nate, Lux! Hey! How you doin', Dad? It's long time, no see. I could say the same thing. You know you're official, right? An official gramps? What? Yeah. Uh, yeah, we were reinstated as Lux's parents this morning. Well, I'm sure your mother will be very happy to hear that. Um, I gotta... go to the church. Look, Dad, I would have called you, but we wanted it to be kind of like a, just a family thing. Right, right. I mean, why would your mother and I be involved in that? Cate's parents weren't invited either... or her fiancÃfÂ©. It's just the three of us. But I'm glad that you came down, Dad. Hi. I came to get the rent. Okay, DAd, I'm sorry... but I haven't heard from you in a while Since I showed up in the middle of the night trying to support you? If I hurt your feelings... For my feelings to be hurt, I'd have to have expected something different from you... but I don't. You never change, Nate. You can mail me the rent. I don't really know what I'm doing here, but since none of the maid of honor showed up, you guys somehow find your way to the front, okay? Yeah, boys. Evelyn, Richard, hi. Alice- your son's boss. Okay, then, Ryan's going to bring you in and walk you to the front row. I'm not walking with him Oh, God. or sitting with him. Give it a rest, Evy. The adulterers could sit on Cate's side of the aisle. Uh, you know, Richard, you could, you could sit with me. Now your mom is putting the moves on my dAd. I'd say we're two Martinis away from a really awkward situation and a vital reshuffling of the, of the seating chart. Cate, hey! Sorry. Um, I was just thinking about Alice and the contract. Ryan, I think you're already supposed to be up at the stage-altar thingy. Yeah, yeah-yeah. All right, listen, I know Alice's timing couldn't be more thoughtless. Right here! You know, we have Lux to think about. There is just no reason to say no to job security unless we thought we wouldn't want to spend the next five years together. Wait a second. Hmm? Is that it? You're not sure if you want to spend the next five years together? Look, marriage has enough ups and downs, okay? And-and there's no denying that our-our show has amped up our problems. It might be better for our relationship if we just don't get locked into it. So, what, we should just get locked into marriage then? Cate, what are you...? I'm just being realistic here. Cate, we need you back here! Sorry! I'm sorry I'm late! At least you'be not puking shrimp. Go, go, go. Oh. Oh, yeah. Lux, a little slower. You're not running from the police. I was afraid you were a no-show. And I'm already up there. Honey, what's the matter? Looks like you could use a box of wine. No, I just want to get this over with. For whatever it's worth, the communion stuff tastes like swill, but it gets the job done. It's grape juice, Mom. What? So, I'll begin by saying, "We're gathered here today to witness the joyful union "of Ryan Thomas and Cate Cassidy "as they commit their lives to each other before God, before family, before friends." And I believe we have a reading by Alice, one of Cate's bridesmaids? Want to practice? Sure. I'm cool. Okay. So after Alice's reading, I'll say a brief homily and then we will turn it over to you for your vows. And you've opted to write your own. Uh, yeah, we haven't... we haven't written them yet, but, uh, you know, we'll have them. I meaniting anything down, it's just really difficult. Because you want your vows to be beautiful, but at the same time you want them to be realistic. You know marriage. It's a lot of ups and downs. What's going on? Okay, okay, what are you doing? Why are we arguing about this right now? Because, because I think you not wanting to sign that contract- I think that means something. You know, what if you have cold feet about marrying me? Ow. Cate, Ryan, stop arguing. Come on. Is that what this is all about? I'm the guy you claim has sweaty legs, remember? My feet- they couldn't be warmer. Aftel that we've been through together, I mean, do you really need a contract to prove that I'm not going anywhere? What is wrong with me? What, honey? No, I drink mine that way all the time. Do you think it's bad that I don't believe him? What? About the contract? Cate, come on. He loves you. Don't bother. She's hopeless. Mom! What? It's true. I know what I'm talking about. Honey, I've been married four times, all right? Trust me. People- they don't change. Yeah, well, clearly. Well, you know, you are who you are, honey, and you're a commitment-phobe who eats her feelings and doesn't believe in happy endings. We are headed to the rehearsal dinner. I have 200 alcohol-related wedding favors in my trunk thanks to you. No, this wedding is happening. I mean, I want this wedding to happen. If you did, you wouldn't be projecting. Oh, great, so here we go. Abby's not here, so you are going to take over as the crappy pseudotherapist. Lux, back me up here. She has two eyes. She can see what's going on. More champagne? You're accusing Ryan of not wanting to marry you because it's too upsetting to face the truth. What truth? Maybe you're the one who doesn't want to marry him. So listen, I feel bad about the whole contract thing. But we can figure it out, I swear, okay? Let's just enjoy tonight, and we'll get married. We'll deal with it after, okay? She says she's projecting. Wait, who says what now? Laverne says that Cate's afraid Ryan doesn't want to marry her, but really it's because, deep down, Cate's not so sure she wants to marry Ryan. Maybe we're the ones projecting. Or maybe she's having doubts because of something else. Baze... what if you're the one that she's supposed to be with? Lux, Lux... that's not how Cate sees me. I'm not that guy. Things have changed. You saw the way that she was at breakfast and on the road trip- cit? Yeah, she was caught up in the moment. We all were. That wasn't real. It could be. My realIty was two more years in foster care until I did something to change it. You can, too. I'd like to make a toast. But Cate told me I wasn't allowed to. So if I say anything inappropriate it's the Merlot talking. I remember when Ryan first met Cate, I think he referred to her as a 5'2" sack of crazy. I always thought Cate took after her father- non-committal, skittish, a hint of a five o'clock shadow. That's terrible. Can I get a refill over here? I've known Cate since we were 13. I still remember I gave her a VHS tape for her birthday, of a music video. You know the one with Paula Abdul and the cat? Anyway, Cate made me promise not to talk about anything embarrassing like the number of men she went through before Ryan. Oh, don't worry. I won't say how many, but it will blow your mind. * I take two steps forward * * I take two steps back * * We go together 'cause opposites attract * * And you know it ain't fiction * * It's just natural fact * * We come together 'cause opposites attract. * Can you hear me in the back? I've always hoped that my son Ryan would find someone deserving of the wonderful man he is. And in Cate, he has found... someone. I can't say that I'm a huge proponent of marriage. I understand that sometimes age catches up with you, and you can't wait forever, so you settle... down. Settle down. You and your sister, wherever the hell she is on her self-indulgent, eat-pray-love tour, were the only good thing to come out of all my marriages. To the bride and groom. Bride and groom. Hey. You okay? You left poor Ryan downstairs fending for himself. Was that me, or was that more of a roast than a toast? I don't know. Maybe it's a sign. You know, maybe Abby was right. I haven't grown up at all. I mean, look at me. Look at me: I'm outside hiding out at my own rehearsal dinner. I'm so scared to marry the guy I love. I haven't changed at all. Okay, I want to make a toast. When Lux first showed up back in our lives, I did not peg you for mom material, and I don't think that you pegged you for mom material, but you... you have stepped up in every way. You have changed yourself, Cate And you've changed me. I think marriage- I think it's a really big deal. And I don't think you should do anything that you're not ready for. I'm ready. You knowm the one that... rushed for this whole thing to happen. Yeah, I just, I didn't want anything to ruin it. You know, I'm anything. And if I don't do this, I'll be letting down Ryan and myself. Lux. What? You said that you wanted me to be honest, right? Well, Lux does not... want you to marry Ryan. She wants us to be a family- the three of us. And you know what, so do... Really? You stranded me down there? That's a lot of crazy for one room. Why do you think I'm up here? Hey, uh, you want a beer, man? Oh, I want like eight intravenously. Hey, people are starting to head out, so we should probably say good-bye. Oh, thanks, man. Hey, Baze, thanks for hosting. I'm glad we're cool- all three of us. Yeah, we're cool. Hey, it's Cate. Leave a message. Hey, Cate, it's me. I need to talk to you before tomorrow. Call me back whenever. It doesn't matter how late. Just... What are you? Sneaking up on me? Why were you calling Cate? I'm in love with her. Yeah, right. I want to tell her how I feel. What are you trying to do, stop the wedding? Then what? Say you guys get involved. What happens if you decide you made a huge mistake? I don't know. Maybe I won't. So you tank her wedding For you don't know, maybe you won't? If I wanted a lecture, I could call my dad. Okay, and I can hear all about how I'm not good enough, How I'm a screwup; I haven't changed. I'm not saying that. But look, Unless you're ready to commit And offer something more than Ryan can, Which... She loves Ryan. She wants to marry Ryan. If you really love her, the best thing you could do Is let her be happy. Otherwise, your dad's right: You haven't changed at all. Hello. It's open. Um... Did you tell baze that you didn't want me to marry Ryan? What? No. Well, baze said that you did. Cate, that's not what I said. You know how much I love Ryan. Mm-hmm. And I would never want to mess things up. All I said was I thought That baze should be honest with you like you said. He's the one who doesn't want you to marry Ryan. He has feelings for you, Cate. Baze does. No, Lux, that's just some excuse that he gave to Abby. He told me after the road trip. He wanted to tell you tonight. I can't do this. Cate, Cate, wait. No. Think about it. I really don't want to think about this. I just want to go to sleep. I want to wake up in the morning and I want to marry Ryan. I'm sorry. Look, as soon as you and baze came back Into each other's lives, you slept together. You were jealous when you caught him with trina, When you found out that he was dating Abby. I saw the way that you hugged him, The way that he comforted you on the road trip. And-and today, that picture- I saw you. You were holding hands. Lux, I was just getting caught up in the moment; we all were. And I promise you, that is it. Just stop making excuses! You spend so much time denying it and rationalizing it And talking yourself out of it, what if you just admit it?! What would you like me to admit, Lux?! That deep down... You're having doubts about Ryan Because you know that you're meant To be with baze. Baze and I, We are not meant to be together. My soul mate is not some guy That knocked me up in the back of a minivan. Come on. Th-that's, like, that is a fantasy. That is not real life. Me finding you and baze, that was a fantasy. Us becoming a family this morning, That was a fantasy, too. And if, and if those fantasies can come true, Why can't this one? Night, Lux. ¶ oh, lover ¶ ¶ hold on ¶ ¶ till I come ¶ ¶ back again ¶ ¶ for these arms ¶ ¶ are growing tired ¶ ¶ and my tales ¶ ¶ are wearing thin ¶ ¶ if you're patient ¶ ¶ I will surprise ¶ ¶ when you wake up ¶ ¶ I'll have come ¶ ¶ all the anger ¶ ¶ will settle down ¶ ¶ and we'll go do all the things ¶ ¶ we should have done ¶ ¶ yes, I remember what we said... ¶ Hey. Hey. Cate, what are you... What are you doing here? It's the middle of the night. I know. I couldn't sleep. I, um... Then I got your message. Look, I just really need to know what's going on. Because, you know, you're telling me one thing And then Lux is telling me another thing. And I'm... I'm just so confused by what everyone is feeling, I have no idea what I am feeling anymore. Are you in love with me? What? Look, I just, I don't, I don't want to be in denial anymore. And I don't want to talk myself Out of something that's really happening. Um... You know, because I felt something this morning. You know, if I'm being honest... I felt it before this morning. No, since the moment That you have just come back into my life, I have felt it. You know, and I have tried to convince myself That it is... Wrong. You know, I... I've tried to, like, explain it away. You know, that if I act like It's not real, then it won't be. But... I just don't know, baze. What if it is? You know, What if there is a part of me that is in love with you, too? ¶ oh, lover ¶ Cate... ¶ I'm old ¶ I'm sorry. There is no too. I don't, I don't know what Lux... Has been telling you, But, um... I'm not in love with you. ¶ 'cause I remember what we said ¶ ¶ as we lay down to bed ¶ ¶ we'll be back ¶ ¶ soon as we make history. ¶ I know that I am their boss, But I'm also their friend, And they're getting married in, like, two seconds. Well, outside of forging their signatures or firing them, I mean, what else can I do? I have to go. We were all in there, Getting ready, Cate sent us out for ice, And now she won't let us back in. What?! Yes. Cate! And now the champagne Is just sitting in there, Not getting cold. Don't understand this. When she left The rehearsal dinner last night, she was fi... What? Oh, no. Honey, if this is about What I said in the limo, I'm sorry. Is it about the contracts? I don't think that's it. If you and your dimples know something, Now's the time to spill it. Hello? Dad. Nate, what are you doing here? I need to talk to you. Not here you don't. Go home. You're embarrassing me. And yourself. I'm embarrassing you? Keep your voice down. That's what you do, dad. You show up, you berate me- It doesn't matter who's around- You-you make me feel like a failure, And then you leave. Nate, I'm not gonna tell you this again. This is not the time or place for this. You go home and you clean yourself up... Not until you hear what I have to say. What do you want to say? What, are you gonna blame me again? You gonna tell me it's my fault That you didn't even think to call me or your mother? It's my fault that I haven't heard from you In a month? It is your fault! It is all your fault! You are the reason that I can't step up! You are the reason that I am afraid to commit! You are the reason that I have nothing to offer her! Her? What the hell are you talking about? Offer who? Oh. You know what, it's no wonder... It's no wonder that I don't feel good enough. It's no wonder that I can't tell her that I love her. Because I have never heard it from the one person That I'm supposed to hear it from. Yesterday, I got to give My kid something that she always wanted. A dad. I just... I'm still waiting for mine. It's baze. Do your thing. Where are you? I don't know what happened last night, But Cate won't talk to anyone. You have to call me as soon As you get this. I'm at the church. Oh. Oh! Slow down. You okay? Yeah. I should just get back inside. This is new. What? Well, this whole cold shoulder thing You've had going on since yesterday. Did I do something to upset you? No. Ryan, I'm-I'm sorry. It's not you. It's just... It's everything. It's-it's baze and Cate... What about baze and Cate? No, no, no. It's not just them. It's... It's this. All of this. Barely one thing happens, you know, And we're already onto the next. Yeah. Yesterday got kind of glossed over pretty quick, huh? Your hearing. That was a big deal For the three of you. Yeah. It was. And you had that whole road trip together, too. It's, uh... It's a lot. No matter how old we get or, uh... How wrong for each other they are, We all want our parents to be together. You know, it's a fantasy. It's a naive little kid fantasy. I have it still. My parents... Yeah, my parents have been divorced forever. So maybe you do, too. Lux, it's okay. See, you spent so much time taking care of everyone, Being the parent. Wanting them together- Maybe it means, for the first time, You've learned to be the kid. Their kid. Yeah, you guys are a family. Whether Cate and I get married or not. All I want is to be a part of it. Uh, look, if this is all Too much for you, um... We can wait. We can postpone it 'cause... If you're not ready, neither am I. Shouldn't you talk to Cate? If this is what you want, uh... She should probably hear it from you. Hey. You okay? No. I'm not okay at all. Are you okay? No. You told baze to be honest with you. And... I want to be, too. I wouldn't be putting "baze" and "honesty" In the same sentence. I went over there last night. Yeah, I-I know. He doesn't love me, Lux. No, that's not true. Oh. Well, that's what he told me. Cate, he does. He told me. I- I know he does. Lux, he doesn't. You know, my problem is not what baze feels Or what baze doesn't feel- my problem, it's me. You know, my problem is always me. You know, how am I supposed to be marrying Ryan When some part of me, some... Some sick, twisted, Masochistic part of me has some... Has even an ounce of love for a guy that doesn't even Have the guts to admit that he loves me back. You're not twisted. You're just... Like me. Holding on to a fantasy that doesn't exist. You went to him last night For answers, and... You got 'em. When baze didn't tell you that he loved you, He told you all that you needed to know. And you don't have to beat yourself up About some microscopic feeling that... That's been there Since long before Ryan. It's not having feelings for... For two people that matters; it's... It's what you choose to do about them. Now, I am the last person... Who wants to say this... Believe me, but.. Baze... Is never gonna be the guy that you want him to be. And thinking that he is... That's fantasy. Like me wishing that... That you and baze would get married and... And the three of us would live happily ever after. You and me, We want something that's real. And what you have with Ryan... Is real. Thank you. Hey. I want to talk to you. No. No more talking; we're done. No, no, no, wait, wait. Nate, wait a second. There's no beers. There's no turtles to race. There is nothing that you could say That is gonna fix things between us. I- I don't know, okay? I don't know Why I would rather berate you... Than tell you I miss you. I don't know... Why I yell at you For not being in my life... ...Instead of... Admitting that I don't know how to be in yours. Maybe... Lux was right, What she said to me when I first met her. I just want you to be me. And I have to, uh... Accept that you're not. And so do you. I love you. I love you. Nate. Don't make the same mistakes I did. Don't let... Whatever I said... Or-or... Haven't said... ...Keep you from what you want. Hey, hey, hey. Hmm? D- don't wait till it's too late to say it. If you love Cate... Tell her. Thank you. Well, Alice is corralling everyone. Abby called to say walk slow. And Ryan... Wanted me to give you this. It's a contract. "I, Ryan Thomas, Do solemnly declare..." ...Declare, I'm not going anywhere, Not in five years, not in ten, not in a hundred. I love you, babe. Now, get out here, and let's do this thing. ¶ ¶ ¶ yesterday when you were young... ¶ When I was a little girl, I thought I understood how things worked. Girls grew up and married boys. Fathers walk their daughters down the aisle. ¶ ¶ There was an order to things: First came love, Then came marriage, Then came an overpriced, Ridiculously complicated baby carriage. ¶ ¶ ¶ you know there will be days when you're so tired ¶ ¶ that you can't take another step ¶ ¶ ah, ah ¶ ¶ the night will have no stars... ¶ But when I grew up, I realized that's not necessarily How it works. Girls can marry girls, and boys can marry boys. Mothers can walk their daughters down the aisle. And kids can come before love and marriage. It's taken me 32 years to figure out Who I've wanted to be. And what I've learned is It's a choice that you make every day That leads you to where you want to be And who you want to be it with. ¶ ¶ ¶ if you ever ¶ ¶ turn around ¶ ¶ you'll see me ¶ ¶ I can't really say ¶ Answering machine: Hey, it's Cate. Leave a message. What is happening? It needs appreciating what's happened in your life To bring you to this point, and then letting go of it. It means being willing to commit, With no guarantees. It means knowing that in accepting reality, You just might get the fantasy you always dreamed of. And, Ryan, you are everything That I have always dreamed about. I never pictured myself standing up here, In a dress, in a church, Making these promises. I promise you That I will live every day wanting to be worthy of you, Appreciating all that you are And everything that you've shown me. I'm not going anywhere, either. Unless it's with you. You know, not too long ago, another little girl, Who's not so little anymore, She taught me that I could say yes To the greatest thing that's ever happened to me. She taught me that I could say yes to love. Ryan... Now, today... ...I do. And now by the powers vested in me, by God, By the state of Oregon, And before these witnesses... I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss your bride. ¶ the only steps that matter ¶ ¶ are the ones you take all by yourself ¶ ¶ ah, ah ¶ ¶ and you ¶ ¶ and me ¶ ¶ walk on, walk on, walk on ¶ ¶ yeah, you ¶ ¶ and me ¶ ¶ walk on ¶ ¶ walk on, walk on ¶ ¶ 'cause you can't go back now ¶ ¶ ¶ ¶ walk on, walk on, walk on ¶ ¶ you can't go back now. ¶ www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 