Last Week Tonight with John Oliver: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Last Week Tonight with John Oliver 
 s1e7 - Immigration Reform - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Immigration Reform - full transcript 
 John discusses immigration, the Washington Redskins and Iraq and talks to Stephen Hawking. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 LAST WEEK TONIGHT WITH JOHN OLIVER EPISODE 7 Welcome to Last Week Tonight ! I'm John Oliver. Our guest: Stephen Hawking is our actual guest this evening, very exciting. Before we begin, a couple of weeks ago, we did a piece about net neutrality. We pointed out that Tom Wheeler, the chair of the FCC, which is tasked with regulating cable companies, was previously a lobbyist for the cable industry. Something of a conflict of interest that we summarized thusly... That is the equivalent of needing a babysitter and hiring a dingo. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's a little offensive to Australia's favorite baby-eating animal, but needs must for the joke. You're probably wondering why I'm playing it again now. On Friday, the FCC held an open meeting, and this happened ! You watched the John Oliver segment ? What you thought about it ? Shit ! That is not good. So... What did he think ? I think that it represents the... high level of interest that exists in the topic in the country, and that's good. I would like to state for the record I'm not a dingo. First... And second: We never said you "were" a dingo. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We said you were "like" a dingo. But you're denying it so strenuously, I'm honestly starting to wonder whether you are actually a dingo. He tried to throw us off his scent by pretending not to know what a dingo is. I had to go look it up. It's a feral wild animal in Australia. That's exactly the kind of thing a dingo would say if he didn't want anyone to know he was a dingo. Look at a split screen ! The likeness is uncanny. If you shaved the one on the left, would it not look like the guy on the right ? Because now I have lots more questions Wheeler. "Have you, at any time ever consumed a swamp wallaby for its nutrients ?" You probably have, you fucking dingo. - What's your answer to that ? - I'm not a dingo. You keep saying that, but now the burden of proof is on you ! Unless you can produce a document, verified by a licensed zoologist, certifying that you are in fact, not a 100 percent talking dingo, I don't think you can complain if Americans refuse to leave you alone in rooms with their babies. Because you'd eat them. You filthy dingo ! Moving on to something unfortunately far more serious: it has been a terrible week in Iraq, even by Iraq's terrible standards. Fighters under black flags have marched south through Iraq, the cities have fallen one by one. From Mosul in the north to Saddam Hussein's hometown of Tikrit. More than 200 miles in a matter of days. They started on Tuesday and were just outside Baghdad five days later. They took over a portion of Iraq as quickly as Amazon can give you complimentary ground shipping. The group currently overrunning Iraq call themselves ISIS, or "the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria", although they should probably be known now as "Turbo Al Qaeda." Because they didn't take over much of northern Iraq this week. They went "Ocean's 11" on it. The militants are flush with cash. They robbed Mosul's central bank, taking over $400 million, according to the city's governor. It makes them arguably the richest terrorist group in the world. Wait, you made $400 million and exploited half a country in a week ? What are you, a terrorist group or a hedge fund ? Of all the chilling details that came out about ISIS this week, this one was perhaps the worst... ISIS formed in April last year growing out of Al Qaeda but it is so extreme that Al Qaeda has now disavowed them. How crazy do you have to be for Al Qaeda to distance themselves from you ? That's like Liam Neeson saying "You're going a little overboard trying to save your daughter. Have you thought about going to the embassy ? Official channels are best." And finally this week the president made a long overdue trip. President Obama focused on the struggles of Native Americans today. He made a visit to the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation. With his visit today, he becomes only the fourth sitting president ever to visit an Indian reservation. That is pretty amazing. Only the fourth sitting president to visit "ever". Technically, if you count "non"-sitting presidents then Andrew Jackson did visit "lot". You shouldn't count that. He did visit but you shouldn't count it. The U.S. department of housing and urban development announced they'd be making 70 million available to improve tribal housing conditions, including money for mold removal. To which the Native Americans presumably said: "Finally ! We are officially square. Look, it was touch-and-go for a few centuries there, but at the end of the day, all we wanted was our mold removed." There is one other thing the Native Americans wouldn't mind if we did. And it concerns the football team for some reason not-yet-formally-known -as-the-Washington-Redskins. They still haven't changed their name despite the launch, just this week, of a new emotionally-powerful advertising campaign. Seminole. Seneca. Mohawk. And Creek. Mills. Will Rodgers. Geronimo. Unyielding. Strong. Indomitable. Native Americans call themselves many things. The one thing they don't. For the average American, that ad should tug at one sixteenth of your heartstrings and made the rest feel extremely guilty. The strongest possible pushback you can have after watching something amazing like that is... Yeah but... You're right., you're right. We've got to change the name, you're right. But one person remains unmoved, and unfortunately, he's the only one that matters. Redskins owner Dan Snyder has held firm that he will not change the nickname of his team. Washington Redskins is more than a name we have called our football team for over eight decades. It is a symbol of everything we stand for: strength, courage, pride and respect. I had no idea you have an ancient eight decade history at stake here. You are clearly proud people who have suffered greatly. Please accept my apologies, oh chief runs without moral compass. It's getting increasingly hard to make a good argument for keeping the Washington Redskins' name. If only there were some emotionally affecting way to convey that. There are many positions that can be defended. Steven Tyler's still got it. Cauliflower is the king of vegetables. Camping is actually fun. Music you never tire of ? Mariachi. Weasels make the cutest pets. You should leave that fourth voicemail. Every flight needs more babies. If you don't learn to play the recorder, you're fucked. Philadelphia is the cultural capital of America. If you want to get laid, become a magician. Nancy Grace seems nice. But the one position that can't be defended... Is this... Seriously though, playing a recorder sets you up for life, seriously. Now, moving on, I'd like to talk about immigration tonight. Now, clearly, I have a vested interest in the subject. Eight years ago, I journeyed to American from across the sea, like a human Fievel. "Somewhere out there, beneath the pale moonlight..." Immigration has always been part of the American story. And it has definitely been part of the American story this week. House majority leader Eric Cantor going down to defeat to an unknown economics professor, Dave Brat. The big issue was immigration. Brat told republican voters in Virginia's conservative 7th district, that Cantor would support president Obama on immigration reform. This means immigration reform is 100% dead. Immigration reform, probably dead for the rest of the Obama presidency. - Immigration reform is dead. - Dead as a doornail. So, let's break this down, immigration reform one of the most important issues facing America has been door nailed by 65 000 republican primary voters who could be bothered to turn up on a Tuesday, 500 miles from the nearest border. The system works ! Immigration reform was already dead. It's just that Congress had put a hat and sunglasses on it and propped it up hoping no one would notice. Which is a real shame. If you've been watching the news this week, you may have seen the evidence of how badly our immigration system is broken. Not just the heartbreaking photos of hundreds of children being held in detention facilities in Arizona, but also this... Here's the issue, if you want to go from let's say El Salvador to right here, to Mission, Texas, if you want to go with the V.I.P. Coyote, the guys that bring you in illegally, it's going to cost you about $9,000. If you do it on the cheap, it's going to cost you about $2,500. If you want to cross the border right here on the river behind me on a jet ski, that's going to cost you an additional $500, or $600. That is a weird tone of voice to be using. Is that guy delivering a news report or an infomercial ? "Call the number on the bottom of your screen, and you won't just get the jet ski ride and the coyote access, you'll get a counterfeit social security card. And, for some reason, a Thighmaster. Call now !" I will say, though, I think most people would agree, anyone who manages to immigrate into America on a jet ski probably belongs here. That's a universal truth. But the immigration issue always provokes a strong response. And that's not an American trait. That is true the world over. The French want to preserve their way of life, and don't want to adopt the cultures, traditions, and customs of these foreigners. We are fighting for a Dutch society without immigrants. Bulgaria is constructing a 30 kilometer wall along part of its border with Turkey. When those Romanians or Bulgarians here, you're going to have a problem. You haven't seen crime yet but you will. That last one honestly makes me so homesick. That's the music of my youth. I lost my virginity to the sound of a man ranting about Bulgarians. So, basically, immigration is the universal crazy-maker. And believe me, I know, I come from England. Hating immigrants is one of our national pastimes, it's like cricket or winning Academy Awards. We're almost weirdly good at it. And we've been doing it for years. Of course, there are far too many immigrants in this country. When will the public wake up to the fact that you cannot put a quart into a pint bottle ? My wife and I used to like to go out weekends down to the local, have a couple of drinks, meet friends in there. We can't go into the locals anymore, they're full up with noisy foreigners. After going through two world wars we should at least have the dignity of being allowed to live with our own kind. That lady missed some key lessons from those world wars. The Nazis must be defeated so we can create an England pure of race and genetically superior ! At least, but look... At least, England has an excuse for being that stupid: It's just too old. Americans don't have that excuse, you're young enough you can actually dress up like your earliest ancestors in the country. If you asked an English person to do that, they'd show up confused wearing a cloak and deer antlers, and waving a wand around. "Is this it ? Merlin went through a wardrobe. Is this it ?" Immigrants have been good to America. They've created some of your most American things: "God bless America ?" Written by a Siberian. Levis jeans ? A Bavarian. The White House ? Designed by an Irishman. Superman ? A Kryptonian. Who was co-created by a Canadian. And in return, America has been good for immigrants. Sure, yeah, people shouldn't come here illegally. But can you blame them ? It's great here. You guys, yes, you guys have done... It's awesome, and you guys have done an amazing job of branding yourselves ! This is the land of Captain America ! The Mall of America ! American Girl Dolls ! The American Pie movies ! You took the most iconic foodstuff and monetized a movie about fucking it ! Is it any wonder people want to live here ? I did ! And it's worked out great ! So, if America's good for immigrants, and vice-versa, why do some people want to clamp down on immigration ? Let's start by asking the man who pushed the issue to the fore this week, Eric Cantor's vanquisher, Dave Brat. We clearly cannot import 7 billion people on the planet into the United States of America. It's just a non-starter. Yeah ,except no one's saying we should import 7 billion people. Congratulations Dave ! You constructed a straw man so large, you could burn it in the desert and hold an annoying festival around it. That's the problem with the immigration debate right now. Those like me, and most Americans who would like some kind of immigration reform have our voices drowned out by... And look, this is going to sound a little bit prejudiced, but drowned out by a lot of opinions unsupported by documentation. Let's call them undocumented opinions. They flooded all over this country, threatening the American way of life. If only we could build some barrier to protect ourselves from them ! A fence, if you will, of facts. Let's try. Here comes one of those undocumented opinions rights now. You are bringing in workers to take jobs from unemployed Americans. That's a classic. Undocumented workers take American jobs. The problem is that it's not true, but it feels like it might be. Like "bears only have sex face-to-face." Or... Or... Or, "every vagina starts closed, and doctors open it." "The difference between peanut butter and mustard is the amount of salt." Multiple sources, including the Conservative American Enterprise Institute, have said there's no evidence of emigrants hurting US employment. Just as there is no evidence that bears only have sex face to face. They only do it sometimes, on anniversaries. Okay, so... Look at me ! Happy Birthday ! Okay, so what's another undocumented opinion that needs to be stopped from entering people's ears illegally ? For every one whose a valedictorian, there's another hundred out there that weigh 130 pounds and they got calves the size of cantaloupes because they're hauling 75 lbs of marijuana across the desert. What ? What did you just say ? Calves the size of cantaloupes ? That is magnificent. Put aside there are countless studies that debunk the notion that immigrants are especially prone to crime at all. Relish for a moment how he poetically presented that bigoted bullshit. Cantaloupe-calved, they did burrow through the border, their arms moist and sinewy, like ropes upon a ship's mast. I might hate what you're saying, but I sure do love the way you say it. But, but even if you can stop the undocumented arguments that when immigrants aren't stealing American jobs, they're acting as melon-esque drug mules, there is one argument that always seems to get through... This is President Obama's number one political agenda item because he knows we will never again have a Republican president. Ever, if amnesty goes into effect. Right, okay. So, the argument is we can't let the immigrants in, because they'll never vote for us. To which, I might have a solution: what if, and is going to sound crazy, you just tried treating them better ? I don't want to push you outside your comfort zone, maybe even as if they're human beings who might have something hypothetically to offer the country ? I've been through the immigration process under the best possible scenario, and it was still hell. At this point, the poem in the base of the statue of liberty "give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses" is starting to constitute false advertising. I would say the FCC should get involved. But they're currently run by a human dingo. I am not a dingo. Prove it ! That's on you. Here's the thing, I was ten when I first saw "An American Tail". And I thought, "yes ! That looks delightful ! Sure, there's a mildly unpleasant boat ride at the beginning, but after that, you get to take a flight around New York on an inexplicably French pigeon. But to the modern immigrant, that film is now a lie. A lie told by a friendly rodent. So, if we can't update our immigration policy, at the very least, we need to update that movie to reflect what the current immigrant experience is actually like. In 2014, a little mouse made a big journey to a far-a-way land. America ! What a place ! It's "An Actual American Tail" ! 'Att'l be five hundred fer you and yer whore sister. But sir, my sister... Asphyxiated a few days ago. That right ? 'Att'l be another 100 to ditch the corpse, then. Human right's critics call "An Actual American Tail" "absolutely appalling" and "a dehumanizing mess that will make you question why you wanted to subject yourself to the experience." You've never seen America 'till you've seen it through Fievel's eyes. These mice come over here, they take our jobs and our cheese. And what do we get in return ? Nothing ! I'm sick of it ! They need to go back ! What happens when Fievel's forced to take a job at a mousetrap factory ? I'm gonna dedut the cost of that trap from your pay, you piece of shit ! Discover what you do when you can't risk going to the emergency room ! And coming next year, watch what happens when Fievel tucks his severed tail between his legs and attempts to come back legally in "An Actual American Tail: Fieval goes INS." I'll go home and come back the right way ! Featuring nine solid hours of Fievel being gradually crushed by a broken system hamstrung by the lack of any political will for reform. With endless waiting livened up by the occasional mandatory blood test ! Watch as Fievel fills out forms, calls the attorney he can't afford, and lives in a state of constant panic that his application will be denied for reasons such as social affiliations, tenuous health, losing his employer-based sponsor because they don't need him anymore, or a bureaucratic slip-up. Yes, next summer, bring the family and watch the heartwarming tale of Fievel becoming both inmate and executioner in a prison of his own mind. You can do it Fievel ! It's going to be impossibly hard. And now this... Across the broad expanse of history, there have been billions upon billions of idiots. As well as a handful of smart people. We interviewed some of the latter group for our on-going series, "Great Minds: People Who Think Good." This weeks people who thinks good Stephen Hawking. Professor Stephen Hawking is a pioneering physicist, international best-selling author, and a popular guest character on The Simpsons. If you are looking for trouble you found it. Yeah, just try me, you... His breakthrough work on black holes and string-theory is considered hugely important, by anyone who pretends to understand it. An expanding universe does not preclude a creator. I traveled to the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics at Cambridge University to speak with one of the world's greatest living minds. First off, congratulations on being the first subject of our "Great Minds" series. Is this the single greatest honor you have ever received ? - Yes. - Good. It's a little hard to read your tone of your voice. When you say that, are you being sarcastic ? - Yes. - I thought so. If there is one thing you want people to understand about your work bearing in mind that most people will never understand anything, what would that thing be ? Imaginary time. People think it's something you have in dreams. Or when you're up against a deadline. But it's a well-defined concept. Imaginary time is like another direction in space. It's the one bit of my work science fiction writers haven't used. - Because they don't' understand it. - Idiots. People are such idiots, 'cause presumably to my mind, you're talking about the theoretical measurement attained from real-time by a wink rotation of pi divided by two in a complex plain where T equals I times T. It's not that difficult. Let's talk about artificial intelligence. In a recent op-ed column you said, and I quote, "Success in creating artificial intelligence would be the biggest event in human history. Unfortunately, it might also be the last." Are you saying, that robots are going to destroy humanity ? And is that a scientific argument, or the pitch for an amazing movie ? Artificial intelligence could be a danger in the not-too-distant future. It could design improvements to itself. And out-smart us all. I know you're trying to get people to be cautious there, but why should I not be excited about fighting a robot ? You would lose. We don't know that do we ? We don't know that for sure. 'Cause what could a robot do that I couldn't then fight back by simply just unplugging him ? There's a story that scientists built an intelligent computer, the first question that asked it, "Is there a God ?" The computer replied, "There is now." A bolt of lightning struck the plug, so it couldn't be turned off. That is the most terrifying story I have ever heard. - Yes. - Hold on... Who is talking to me right now ? Is it you, or the sentient computer pretending to talk on your behalf ? - It's me. - But how do I know that ? Because if computers had become sentient, what better way to convince people they hadn't, than by co-opting the voice of the most intelligent man on the planet ? You're an idiot. Who's saying that, Stephen, you or the machine ? - Both of us. - Okay. Alright. That's quite reassuring. You've stated that you believe, there could be an infinite number of parallel universes. Does that mean that there is a universe out there where I am smarter than you ? Yes, and also a universe where you're funny. Okay, look, if you're so smart, what number am I think of... - 13. - It was 13. I was thinking of 13. Okay, that was a lucky guess. What am I thinking right now ? That you've been a huge disappointment to your family. I wasn't thinking that. Why would I think that ? You know I'm trying as hard as I can. Why is that so hard for them to understand ? Hypothetically. Are the following things technically possible ? Life on other planets ? Is that theoretically possible ? Yes. - A Schwartzchild wormhole ? - Yes. What about this, me going on a date with Charlize Theron ? - No. - No ? Not at all, in no universe ? No. In none of the infinite universes does that happen ? No. It's completely beyond the bounds of scientific possibility ? Yes. Quick follow-up question: in any of those potential universes, am I the one rejecting her, and that's why it doesn't work out ? No. You do realize that typing a response is difficult for me ? Sure, yeah. It's just that I'm trying to play this out. I'm trying to see if there is any hypothetical... It doesn't matter. But, never say never. If time travel were possible, would you want to go back in time and refuse to do this interview ? Yes. You truly are, an incredibly smart man. Stephen Hawking, thank you so much for your time. Thanks so much for watching. You can watch an extended interview with Stephen Hawking, here... Thank you very much ! Have a good week ! END OF EPISODE 7 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 