Last Week Tonight with John Oliver: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Last Week Tonight with John Oliver 
 s1e3 - Climate Change Denial - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Climate Change Denial - full transcript 
 John talks about Eurovision, Ukraine and Russia's relations, and invites Bill Nye to a statistically representative climate change debate. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 LAST WEEK TONIGHT WITH JOHN OLIVER EPISODE 3 Welcome to the show ! I'm John Oliver. Thank you so much for being with us, I hope you're all well. We begin tonight with big news. History was made this week. Technically, history is made every week. That's kinda how history works, that's not the point. Last night, a particular kind of history was made. The Saint Louis Rams made history making Michael Sam the first openly gay player ever chosen in the NFL draft. The first openly gay player to be drafted in the NFL. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 An NFL team drafting an openly gay player. He hasn't told his mom yet ! That is not cool ! This is fantastic news but perhaps the true sign of how far we've come isn't that the news have spent the week focusing on the human interest angle. It's that ESPN has spent their whole week showing no real interest in him as a human at all. He's much more of a designated rusher than a 3-4 outside linebacker. 9 sacks came in 3 games each against Arkansas State, Florida and Vandy, only two and a half in the seven other games. To the combine where he struggled, we're in a 4-9-1. Sweet, sweet jargon ! The great mathematical equalizer. At it's best the world of sports is completely amoral. If being gay helped Drew Brees throw the ball even one yard farther, even the most homophobic Saints fans 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 would be imploring him to question his straightness midgame. Are you sure Drew ? Are you sure ? Are you sure Drew ? And I'm not saying that there aren't idiots out there. If you typed "Michael Sam" into Twitter last night you could find things that made you despair for humanity but this moment felt a lot bigger than all of that noise. For me, the most heartwarming moment was not when Michael Sam sobbed in happiness when told he'd been drafted before lovingly kissing his boyfriend, it was how the ESPN commentators reacted immediately afterwards . We've seen this over and over again, we saw it with Taj Boyd, the emotion of when you realize all your dreams have been validated. For the families and for the players, there life long dream has come true. They just uttered the same bland platitudes that they been uttering about everyone else for three solid days. Which genuinely feels like a breakthrough. So this is where we are now: in a landmark move, the St. Louis rams, the NFL, and ESPN proved they are not concerned about whether there are gay thoughts in Michael Sam's head, they are only concerned about whether he's willing to use that head to smash into other people's heads. We did it, everyone ! We have reached the mountaintop ! But from American sports to something much less serious: the potential war in Ukraine. This morning, voters in eastern Ukraine held a referendum on whether or not to move toward joining Russia. But tensions had come to a head in a very unusual way late last night. Good evening Europe ! Let me explain. There is a thing called the Eurovision Song Contest. It happens once every year, and it's the craziest thing you'll ever see. 37 European countries sublimate thousands of years of ethnic and religious tensions into a series of bizarre 3 minute song-tastrophes. Laugh, but you'll be butter-churn dancing in the clubs next weekend. Churn it up, get a little bit wristy. Turn it up.... Last night's final had Russia facing off against Ukraine, with their songs being voted on by all the competing nations. This contest had more oversight than the vote for Crimean secession. First up, it was Ukraine, whose song featured a guy in the background running around in a hamster wheel. In case that wasn't an apt summary of their current political situation, listen to this... "Tick-tock, can you hear me go tick tock." Their song was called "Tick-tock", basically the countdown to an explosion. For their part, Russia responded with a song performed by 17-year-old folically-conjoined twins featuring the lyrics, and I swear to you that this is true ! "Cross the line a step at a time, maybe there's a place, maybe there's a time, maybe there's a day you will be mine." That, that is essentially an anthem to annexation. Can't ask the people of eastern Ukraine to choose between these two songs. They're both too good ! Just go to war ! Go to war ! The continent should go to war again, let Europe tear itself apart yet again ! The only way to stop this would be if the Eurovision song contest was somehow won by someone so spectacularly wonderful that it erased the tensions in a heartbeat. Drag queen Conchita Wurst took the trophy for Austria. The diva won with the tune "Rise Like the Phoenix". This night is dedicated to everyone who believes in a future of peace and freedom, you know who you are. We are unity, and we are unstoppable. You know what ? That's awesome, isn't it ? Is it just me, or between Conchita and Michael Sam, did the world became a better place to live in in the last 24 hours ? Moving on ! Finally, this was also a big week for Vladimir Putin, who visited Crimea for a long-overdue victory lap in Russia's newest territory. Speaking before tens of thousands in the port city of Sevastopol, Putin hailed the incorporation of the region as a return to the motherland. It is Mother's Day today. And there's nothing wrong with moving back in with your mother. It's "little" weird when your mother sends an unmarked militia to force you. And Putin's celebrations didn't stop there. Vladimir Putin will celebrate Russia's annexation of Crimea with a specially minted silver coin. That's his image on the front, a map of the Crimean peninsula is on the back. The coin weighs more than two pounds. Two pounds ! That's not a commemorative coin that is a commemorative manhole cover. Are you sure you want to be celebrating quite this hard, Vladimir ? Because I hate to remind you, but the place you annexed was Crimea. Crimea depends on Ukraine right now for 25% of its gas, for 90% of its electricity, 70% of water. Crimea only produces about a tenth of the energy it consumes. Russia expects to spend between five to six billion dollars in Crimea. It's going to be a burden on Russia. So Crimea is going to be a drain on Russia's finances and attention. So congratulations, Putin ! In order to stick it to the West, you just adopted the sick cat of autonomous zones. Have you seen the Crimean people ? It's basically this guy. This is what you won, Russia. This man and the entire history that his face represents. And I just want to be clear that this guy's having a really good day. That is what smiling looks like in Crimea. And why shouldn't he be smiling ? After all, it's his 16th birthday. Frankly... If Russia is going to mint a coin over their annexation of Crimea, this coin might at least be a little more accurate: Crimea used to be a piece of Ukraine. After Russia's historic 2014 invasion, it's now a piece of history. And you have a once-in-a-lifetime chance to own a piece of history about this piece of history, with the "worthless desolate landmass" commemorative coin. Like the territory it commemorates, the coin is symbolically impressive, has absolutely no value whatsoever, and will be a cumbersome burden for generations to come. On one side, the silver-plated coin features an exquisite portrait of Vladimir Putin shirtless on a horse. On the other side, it features Vladimir Putin shirtless, carrying a horse. If you're wondering why there is no map of Crimea, that is because Vladimir Putin doesn't give a fuck about Crimea. Which is what it says in Russian around the edges of the coin. Call now to order yours. Although, on second thought, don't call now. Why would anyone want this ? Coin is not chocolate on the inside. When Russia aid shipments during the winter months, do not try to eat coin. Let's move on ! Let's turn now to the US and to campaign finance. There was yet another development on this week. Federal election commission has voted to allow a political action committee to accept contributions in the digital currency Bitcoin. That's right: Bitcoin. The currency of choice for heroin dealers and assassins is now perfectly fine for political candidates to accept. Are there any limits left on campaign finance anymore ? Corporations are people, people can give pretty much whatever they like, all of which has led us to the point where 1 state in the midterm elections is set to have the most expensive senate race ever. I'll give you a clue: it is the fiftieth state that you are thinking of. It could end up being $100 million race. The battle for the US senate seat in Kentucky. Kentucky ? $100 million ? For Kentucky. No offense Kentucky, I'm a big fan of your fried chicken, and, and I proudly watch your derby each year. Mostly to find names for my thrash metal/SKA fusion band. We are "Dance with Fate" and we are extremely loud. You might well ask: why are Kentuckians giving so much money to their candidates. Funny story: they're not. The two likely candidates are senate minority leader Mitch McConnell and his democratic opponent, Alison Lundergan Grimes. The vast majority of their big-donor money comes from out of state. Let's not pretend that Kentucky's election has anything to do with Kentucky anymore. Each candidate has been using some of their money to scorch the earth with negative ads. For Mitch McConnell, it's mainly about how much he loves coal, and how much his opponent hates it. To Barack Obama and his allies, coal country represents a threat to their idea of "green energy". Whatever that means. So when someone says a war on coal is what the country needs, they're declaring a war on a heck of lot more than coal. It's a war on Kentucky. We didn't ask for this, but if it's a war they want, it's a war they'll get. Holy shit, I think Mitch McConnell declared a war on the rest of the country. "I love my coal. You come after my coal, I hit you with a shovel. Burning rocks is my favorite thing to do. It's wartime." That's a solid impression, I don't want to argue with you. We're not arguing, McConnell's ads are a little reductive and inflammatory. I'm sure Alison Grimes will offer a lot more in the way of substance. He's blocked the senate over 400 times then voted to shut down the government hurting Kentucky's economy. Mitch McConnell can't light the house on fire, then claim credit for putting it out. Two things there: one that's not even special effects. And two, that used to be Kentucky's capital building. But that ad speaks to Alison Grimes' overall strategy: to point out that she is not Mitch McConnell in any way, shape or form. Alison Lundergan Grimes is quick to remind you: she is female. Women get it done, men... Women can make it happen. I'm proud, as the senator said, to be a homegrown Kentucky girl, unlike Mitch McConnell. She's not wrong. Mitch McConnell is not a homegrown Kentucky girl. Politfact rates that one as "true". The main points are that she hates coal, and he's an old man. And the worst thing is, things get less substantial when you turn to their online campaigns. Back when Grimes entered the race, the McConnell campaign welcomed her with a YouTube video. That is a viral video in the sense that herpes is a viral disease. Once it's in you, it is never going away. And that was just the beginning of the online trolling. The Grimes campaign later created an electronic valentine so people could tell Mitch McConnell "it's not me, it's you", to which team McConnell responded with a list titled "Valentine's Day: a love story between Alison Grimes and President Obama". Accenting every meaningless point with a tiny movie clip ! So who cares if the sentence "they're so obsessed with your 2nd amendment rights that they want to control it all for you" literally makes no sense ? You get to look at the seagulls from "Finding Nemo". The people of Kentucky deserve everyone's sympathy. Or the ones with internet access because here's an interesting fact: 28 percent of Kentuckians don't have any online access, a commodity that the UN has deemed a "basic human right." Even Alaska has that number down to 18 percent, and they had to lay fiber optic cable through 1300 miles of narwhal. Which brings us to the larger point here. This race is all but ignoring Kentucky's many substantial problems. And perhaps I should explain this to candidates in terms their campaigns would approve of. Here are five important facts about Kentucky that you might want to find some solutions for. Kentucky has the country's fifth-highest percentage of adults below the poverty line ! Kentucky is the ninth most obese state in the country ! It is a lot ! Kentucky also has the country's fifth-highest unemployment rate ! Yes ! Plus, more than one in ten adults in Kentucky lack basic literacy skills ! Yes, really ! And finally: Kentucky has the nation's leading cancer death rate ! Yes, it is sad, something should be done and that's the point. What's happening in Kentucky is just a microcosm of what is happening everywhere. As the amount of money gets greater, the ads nationwide are somehow just keep getting worse and worse. I grew up castrating hogs on an Iowa farm so when I get to Washington I'll know how to cut pork. And as for as long as I can remember, my father had this rifle real handy. Just to keep us safe. My forefather used a canon to fight the British in Savannah and win us the Constitution. If you're the sexual predator and sociopath that murdered my sister and you come to my front door to do harm to my girls, I'm going to use my glock; to blow your balls off. You heard it here first the biggest trends in political ad's this year: balls. There is no way things are going to get better until we collectively hit rock bottom. And at this point, the only thing keeping us from doing that are the limits on what you can show on network television, which is where we might be able come in because this isn't network television. This is HBO. This is the moral wild west of sex and violence. Have you ever seen the arterial explosion that is True Blood. Coming back in June, by the way. HBO, for years, brought you middle-aged nudity on Real Sex. Happy Mother's Day ! Take that down, take that down. If things have to get worse before they can get better, then worse they shall get. We have prepared attack ads for both McConnell and Grimes that are very much in the spirit of the ads they're already running. So Mitch McConnell ? Here is your new attack ad. Kentucky ! To us, it's home. Kentuckians pride ourselves on our industries: we're proud of our bourbon, we're proud of our music, and most of all we're proud of our coal. But one politician hates coal. And coal miners. Alison Lundergan Grimes. If she wins, there'll be nowhere to run. There'll be nowhere to hide. She uses coal to kill and not to power Kentucky's future ! Take a good look, Kentucky. 'Cause this is what a vote for Alison Grimes will get you. She'll kill everyone. And everything. Alison Grimes. She will rip off Kentucky's head, and shit down its neck. I'm Mitch McConnell and I approve this message. That's yours ! Run it as much as you like, run that as much as you like Mitch McConnell ! But while you're doing it, Alison Grimes will be free to run this on you. For too long, politics in Washington have been dominated by old, white, wrinkled dicks. And no dick is older, whiter or wrinklier than Mitch McConnell's. Think about it, Kentucky. Don't just think about it, look at it. This dick's been telling you what to do for thirty years. It's time for something new. It's time for Alison Grimes. She's young, energetic, she'll work tirelessly for Kentucky. Unlike Mitch McConnell, Alison Grimes believes in increased funding for education, cutting government waste, and putting Kentuckians back to work. Alison Grimes. Mitch McConnell. Alison Grimes. Mitch McConnell. I'm Alison Lundergan Grimes. I'm honored to approve this message. Do you feel that ? We're at rock bottom people, all of us together. Now can everyone please try a little harder in the future, because there's nowhere to go from here but up. And now, this ! Last Week Tonight asks "how is this still a thing ?" Dressing up as other races. How is this still a thing ? On Monday, MSNBC's "Way Too Early" celebrated Cinco de Mayo in a somewhat questionable manner. It is Cinco de Mayo, celebrating Mexican heritage and pride. It's also an excuse to drink tequila on a Monday morning at work. Yes, that's professional reporter and white guy, Louis Burgdorf, in a sombrero drinking from a tequila bottle. Because, ya know...Mexico ! But, to be fair, that's just one network with bad judgment. This holiday is also known as Cinco de Drinko. Two networks with bad judgment. America has supposedly evolved past its use of racial caricatures in movies, TV, etcetera. What does 'etcetera, etcetera' mean in Japanese ? But even with racism now officially over, We don't have racism in American anymore. Some Americans can't seem to let go of their obsession with dressing up in offensive outfits. Serra High School football coaches dressed as members of the Jamaican bobsled team, black face and all. Even when it's a shitty, out of date reference that no one had thought about for years. Yes, whether you're an elected official, Ashton Kutcher making a bold choice in a pop chips commercial... I'm Raj. I am a Bollywood producer, looking for the most delicious thing on the planet. Or a fraternity attempting to celebrate Martin Luther King day in the worst way possible... The frat held an MLK party last weekend where students dressed up like gangsters then posed for pictures holding watermelons. The desire to play demographic dress up runs surprisingly deep even among well-known actresses. Julianne Hough dressed up in blackface for a Beverley Hills Halloween bash. Came as one of the characters from Orange is the New Black. Yes Julianne Hough learned two lessons that night: Wearing blackface to a Halloween party is a terrible idea. If she's about to leave the house looking like an asshole, not one of her friends will tell her. And incredibly, all this is happening at a time when there are more costumes available in this country than in the history of costumes. You can dress up as a fireman, a nun, a slightly out of shape Captain America, a sexy rocket scientist, a banana or even a banana with a penis. Along thousands more ridiculous but non-racist costumes. With all of these options, it begs the question: Dressing up as other races... How is this still a thing ? Finally tonight, The Earth. You may know it as "that blue thing Bruce Willis is always trying to save". Or from its famous collaboration with "Wind" and "Fire". Or just simply as "that place where George Clooney lives". The earth had some genuinely bad news this week. A White House Report that says global warming threatens every part of the U.S. Climate change is already affecting us now. Now ! Smart move, Obama. That is a key shift in how to talk about climate change. We've all proven that we cannot be trusted with the future tense. We've been repeatedly asked, "don't you want to leave a better earth for your grandchildren ?". We've collectively responded: "nah, fuck 'em." But, incredibly this latest damning scientific report may still face an uphill climb with some of us. Here's that gallup poll which found one in four Americans is skeptical of the effects of climate change. That doesn't matter. You don't need people's opinions on a fact. You might as well have a poll asking "which number is bigger, 15 or 5?" Or "do owls exist ?" Or "are there hats ?" The debate on climate change should not be whether or not it exists. It's what we should do about it. There is a mountain of research. Global temperatures are rising. Heat waves are becoming more common. Sea surface temperatures are rising. Glaciers are melting. And no climate report is complete without the obligatory photo of polar bear balancing on a piece of ice. The only accurate way to report that one out of four Americans are skeptical of global warming is to say, "a poll finds 1 out of 4 Americans are wrong about something." Because a survey of thousands of scientific papers that took a position on climate change found that "97 percent endorsed the position that humans are causing global warming." I think I know why people still think the issue's open to debate. Because on TV, it is. And it's always one person for, one person against. And it's usually the same person for. Bill Nye and Marsha Blackbird, welcome both of you ! Bill Nye joins us now along with climate change skeptic Mark Marana. Joining me now to go head-to-head Bill Nye, CEO of The Planetary Society. In the crossfire, Bill Nye The Science Guy. Bill Nye the Science Guy believes in man-made global warming. More often than not it's Bill Nye the Science Guy versus some dude. And when you look as the screen its 50/50 which is inherently misleading. If there has to be a debate about the reality of climate change, then there is the only mathematically fair way to do it. Last Week Tonight presents a statistically representative climate change debate. Good evening, joining me tonight, a climate change denier, and naturally, Bill Nye the Science Guy. John, humans are causing climate, no question. Before we begin, in the interest of mathematical balance, I'm going to bring out two people who agree with you, climate skeptic. And Bill Nye, I'm also going to bring out 96 other scientists. It's a little unwieldy but this is the only way you can have a representative discussion. So, yeah. Please, file in ! Again, this is going to make the debate difficult. We shouldn't really be having it in the first place but representationally climate skeptic please make a against climate change. I don't think all the science is in yet, it's settled. And what is the overwhelming view of the entire scientific community ? Okay, any response to that ? Any response ? I can't hear you over the wait of scientific evidence. This whole debate should not have happened. I apologize to everyone at home. My thanks to Bill Nye and the overwhelming scientific consensus. Thank you at home for watching. Have a great week ! Thank you ! I can't hear you, the problem is.... You understand, there are way too many of these people... this debate... I can't hear you... it's an overwhelming consensus... this consensus is overwhelming so you understand, I can't hear... Make your point... END OF EPISODE 3 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 