Last Week Tonight with John Oliver: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Last Week Tonight with John Oliver 
 s1e2 - Capital Punishment - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Capital Punishment - full transcript 
 John talks about the recent issues of the death penalty, François Hollande, and the rising issues happening in Brunei. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 LAST WEEK TONIGHT WITH JOHN OLIVER Episode 2 Welcome to Last Week Tonight. I am John Oliver. Thank you for being with us. A quick recap of the week. If you're watching this show in eastern Ukraine or as it may be called by the time that this show airs, western Russia, then, don't worry: Vladimir Putin is seizing some of your towns like they're Super Bowl rings, but rest assured: the international community is behind you. If Russia continues, we have a range of tools at our disposal, including sanctions that target sectors of the Russian economy. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Sanctions ! You're welcome, Ukraine, everything's going to be fine. That's kind of our go to move. We impose sanctions the way Pizza Hut crams mozzarella into every crevice of a pizza crust. It's kind of what we do when we're out of ideas. This week also showed how little regard Putin has for sanctions. New York Times is reporting that US sanctions over Ukraine are having a limited impact on Russia as Vladimir Putin demand ukrainian troops withdraw from south-east of the country. You know it's not a good sign when Putin tells you to withdraw troops from your own country. That is true but to be fair, it's also it's not a good sign when Putin tells you anything. If Putin leans in to whisper something into your ear, best case scenario, he's gonna bite your ear off. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 That's the best thing that could happen in that circumstance. Ukraine would have been the talk of the town in Washington this week. If they hadn't spent the week party planning for last night. The White House Correspondents Dinner called nerd prom. We call it the nerd prom. - Nerd prom. - This weekend. Nerd prom ! It's even worse than it sounds. It is the annual alarming display of coziness where you can see such majestic sights as National Security Advisor Susan Rice asking for an autograph from the guy from "Duck Dynasty". Both of them could justifiably look at the other one and say: "what the fuck are you doing here ?" And they'd both be right. It's a night when journalists celebrate their independence by hanging out with their sources and celebrate their importance by utterly ignoring one another in favor of Hollywood stars. The main purpose of the evening seems to be providing photos of celebrities unaware of who they're standing next to. She has no idea, with that person in question usually being Wolf Blitzer. Can I be in the photo ? Surely this wasn't what the founders of the Correspondents' Association had in mind 100 years ago. Let's look at their original charter. I wish I could show you that charter. Because it's our most prized artifact. I wish you could show it to me too then. If you're wondering why he's referring to it in the conditional sense, it's because during the renovation of the White House Press Room, the Association handed over their charter for safekeeping, and well... When they cut the ribbon, the White House lost our charter. You weren't really using it anyway, perhaps you could replace it with a framed photo of Wolf Blitzer with Sofia Vergara. And now this. Newscasters enjoying a pun about today's date a little too much. I'm a massive Star Wars nerd, it's Star War's day when we say may the fourth be with you. - Happy Star Wars day ! - May the fourth be with you. Obviously it's May the fourth be with you. I speak droid guys, he just said "may the fourth be with you." May the fourth be with you, get it ? That's a take on the force be with you. Today is Star War's day maybe the fourth one or should we just say just the fourth be with you. Moving on... Our show is dedicated to covering the biggest news of the week. Whatever that news may be. We have a long, proud one week history of doing that. What was the biggest news story of this week ? We begin in Oklahoma, with an execution that did not go as planned. A convicted killer from Oklahoma dies after a botched execution. Okay, I know what you're thinking: you're not gonna really do a comic take on the death penalty, right ? It's the second episode ! I haven't decided if I like this show yet. You're right ! Don't change the channel. We don't talk about the death penalty. No one is forcing us to. In the application of the death penalty we have seen significant problems. We as a society have to ask ourselves some difficult and profound questions. Do we really have to do that ? Can you not just answer those for us ? I don't want to talk about the death penalty. Judging by the noise you make when you talk about it, neither do you. What happened in Oklahoma was troubling and... I know that sound. That's the sound of a man drowning on dry land. Desperately hoping for Biden to suddenly walk out into the rose garden in an open robe. God, Joe ! Joe's here ! Thank god you're here. Let's lighten the mood, let's talk about Benghazi. Okay. So let's do this then. Let's talk about the death penalty. Before you turn this show off, there was a YouTube video of tiny hamsters eating tiny burritos. And it's as magical and uncomplicated as you think. If you make it to the end, we will watch it together, okay ? But you have to stay with us to get it. The death penalty. Should it exist ? What should its limits be ? Can someone give me a broad, almost infantile guideline of when they think it's appropriate. The Supreme Court told us that it is constitutional. I believe in death penalty, but only to those who are guilty of committing the crime. Okay. Bold idea. We shouldn't execute innocent people. I think most people would probably agree with that. You, sir, are a regular Atticus Finch. Executing the innocent is not the tough question here. It's whether we should be executing the guilty. And let me acknowledge up front that I come to this as an outsider. Britain does not have capital punishment. So in a way, I don't know what I'm talking about. But in another way, I really "do" know what I'm talking about. Because before 1965, we didn't just have capital punishment. We literally went medieval on people's asses. The history of capital punishment in Britain is a long and bloody one. Since the middle ages, those condemned to death have variously faced being boiled alive, burnt at the stake, or hung, drawn and quartered. Yep. We did that. We boiled people. And in the grand tradition of British cuisine, if anything we over boiled them. We loved killing people so much we kept coming up with new, inventive techniques that looked like they were designed by the Marquis de Sade and named by Willy Wonka. The Headcrusher. The small and seemingly innocuous "Thumb Biter" originates in 14th century Scotland. These devices have almost childlike names. Like Penny Winkies. That's right, Penny Winkies ! A delightful English cousin of the Throaty Tug-tug, and the Jolly Shocky Buzz Buzz Tickly Wickly seat. I know all of that is still technically horrifying but that's the point. Whether you are boiling people alive or putting them to sleep with a tiny injection administered by a puppy dressed as Winnie the Pooh, in the end you are getting the same result. Just because the British people don't have the death penalty anymore, doesn't mean we don't want it back. Recent polls suggest that at least half the population would choose to have it reinstated, which makes complete sense. The death penalty is one of those things that is natural to want but shouldn't necessarily have. The death penalty is like the McRib. When you can't have it, it's so tantalizing. But as soon as they bring it back, you think "this is ethically wrong". Should this be allowed in a civilized society ? And by the way, here's your new slogan, McRib. You are welcome and you can have that for free, that's yours. There are things about having the death penalty which might make you a little bit queasy. What does the US have in common with Iran, Iraq and Saudi Arabia ? The answer is the death penalty. According to Amnesty International, those nations and China are responsible for 82% of the world's executions. This is going to seem like a gross simplification. Any list that contains Iran, Iraq, Saudi Arabia and China is "not" a list you want to be on. Ideally, you want to be on one of those lists that Finland is on. Finland's on all the good lists. Like "countries with the best pastries". Or "best countries to host your overseas lesbian wedding". I know what some of you are thinking: "I hear you saying that most western countries no longer have executions," "but if someone committed a heinous crime," "I'd still very much like to kill them." Okay. Well, let's start with "if" ! There have been 312 DNA exonerations since we've been doing forensic testing. Isn't it interesting how things which were once considered complete air tight evidence are now being viewed as junk science ? Isn't it interesting ? Is interesting really the word you're looking for, Cooper ? Facts found on Snapple caps are interesting. The statue of liberty's nose is four feet six inches long. That's an "interesting" fact. But facts like innocent people are potentially executed by our government on a regular basis are fucking horrifying. If you found that on the bottom of a Chobani lid, that would make a container of Chobani harder to swallow than it already is. Look, statistics suggest that false convictions aren't all that rare. We're learning from the proceedings of the national academy of sciences a study that shows 4% of death row inmates are innocent. I think that might be the wrong tone. Four percent ! The outrage about this must be off the charts. A certain Texas Governor felt that four cases of voter impersonation in the last decade was a moral issue important to address. Any person who does not want to see fraud believes in having good, open, honest elections, transparent. We'll take it to the Supreme Court. To the Supreme Court ! Over a voter impersonation rate essentially close to zero percent. So a potential executing the innocent rate of four percent must really eat away at Rick Perry. Your state has executed 234 death row inmates, more than any other governor in modern times. Have you struggled to sleep at night with the idea that any one of those might have been innocent ? I've never struggled with that at all. Nope. I never struggled with it. In fact, I sleep great. Like a big muscular baby. 14 hours a night. Legs in the air, with a mobile above my head. Crying when I shit myself, I'm a big baby, I sleep like a baby. Let's imagine for a moment a magical world where you could be sure of someone's guilt. What would be the argument for killing ? Is it a deterrent to others ? There is no credible evidence that the death penalty is a deterrent to violent crime. The death penalty is an amazing deterrent to fishing without a license. I'd love to go, but is it worth it you've got a wife and children. So, what about the argument that we shouldn't have to pay to house and feed a convicted killer ? An average death penalty case costs the state millions of dollars. In California alone, since 1978, the total cost of enforcing the death penalty has been over $4 billion. That's $308 million for each of the 13 executions carried out. It costs up to ten times more to give someone the death penalty than life in prison. So what a death sentence is really saying is: "This is America and the way we treat the despicable members of society" "is spending the entire budget of the Lord of the Rings trilogy on them." So the death penalty is expensive, potentially kills innocent people and it doesn't deter crime. Here is where it gets hard. Harder than is potentially appropriate for a comedy show late on a Sunday night. But if we are going to answer difficult and profound questions, as the President told us to, the toughest one is probably: "if someone is guilty of committing a horrible crime" "and the family of the victim want the perpetrator executed," "do we want to live in the kind of country that gives that to them ?" I would say "no". You might very reasonably say "yes". Or at the very least... But it's a question that is going to need an answer and in the meantime a much easier question is: do you want to watch a YouTube video of a tiny hamster eating a tiny burrito ? Because at this point, you have fucking earned it. That is how you end a comprehensive segment on the death penalty. And now this: America, everyone knows it's the greatest nation on earth and our leaders are the greatest leaders on earth but did you know there are other countries that are not America ? Each of them has a leader of it's very own. Let's take a moment to meet one in our ongoing series: "Other countries' Presidents of the United States." This week's leader: Francois Hollande. Francois Holland. Francois Hollande. That's right, Francois Hollande, the President of France, the country where your cousin spent a three month study abroad and the rest of his life over emphasizing the word croissant. Interestingly, Hollande is rare among world leaders in that he's publicly questioned the existence of God which perhaps explains why on his inauguration day this happened: Hollande was on his way to meet with Angela Merkel in Berlin when his plane was hit by lightning. Hollande is a committed Socialist. Not only believing that France should have a public investment bank and that the retirement age should begin at sixty but also his body should be shared with as many women as possible. Yes, Francois is probably most famous for his love life which rivals that of France's notorious President LePew. We can do away with the dull preliminaries. Hollande has four children with Segolene Royal a fellow Socialist who also ran for President only to lose to Nicholas Sarkozy. Hollande chose to comfort his partner by leaving her for his younger mistress, Valerie Trierweiller. An act so heartless the French people decided to punish him by electing him to the highest office in the land. But wait, there's more. Hollande then cheated on his mistress with another mistress. Sneaking out of the Presidential Palace to meet her on a scooter, a sequence of events so stereotypically French it's almost offensive. We introduce you to Francois Hollande, who dumped a presidential candidate and became president himself, a man who evicted a First Lady, an action which somehow increased his approval rating and the only man who managed to pick-up a movie star mistress while riding on a scooter. Who says there's no God ? Let's move on, there was big news this week out of Brunei. Wait, let me back up a second. There is a country called Brunei. It's located "here" in Southeast Asia. Specifically, it's located here, on the island of Borneo. There's big news from Brunei there this week. At a ceremony on Wednesday morning, the sultan announced that Brunei's experiment with Sharia Law had begun. Okay. Sharia law is one of those scary terms your grandma sends you email forwards about because a guy who looked Muslim cut in front of her at the grocery store. What does this new law entail ? In about a year those guilty of theft or consuming alcohol will be punished with a whipping or even amputations. And in two years, the death penalty will be implemented for crimes like blasphemy, sodomy or insulting the Quran. Holy shit. I guess this explains Brunei's new slogan: "Brunei is for lovers, only within the bounds of heterosexual marriage." I know I should be careful. And maybe this sultan is a devout, pious man, obeying the strict tenets of his faith. He's worth more than 20 billion dollars. He owns a fleet of more than 5 000 luxury cars and his own 747. His family includes 12 children by 3 wives, lives in a 1 788 room palace. I'm not really getting "humility" off of this, so much as Donald Trump times Richard Brandson to the Scrooge McDuckth power. His most incredible display of wealth was the surprise party he threw for himself back in 1996. It has been Brunei's most lavish party ever. A two week $25 million dollar bash thrown by sultan Hassanal Bolkiah for his 50th birthday. Michael Jackson, the sultan's favorite pop star gave a public concert. As a gift to the fans the sultan picked up the tab for the concert, which he did not attend. He did not attend, that is a power move. Fly Michael Jackson around the world to perform for you and then you don't turn up to the concert. I'm just too rich to give a shit. And it's not just wealth. It's a little hard to take strict moral guidelines from a man whose own brother owned a yacht called "Tits", with service boats called "Nipple 1" and "Nipple 2". You're not the moral authority of your country, you're just Jeremy Piven with money. The Sultan's brother even stocked his estate on Long Island with these actual graphic statues of himself having sex. I'd say that's not classy, but to be honest it's classiest thing on Long Island. Come at me ! So rank hypocrisy and vicious antihomosexuality laws. And yet... A lack of condemnation from any major countries. And that's because Brunei falls under the Saudi Arabia rule: if you're a tiny, wealthy, strategically located country with oily business underneath you, the whole world is your friend. Remember the British Royal wedding ? Because the Sultan does. And here we have the Sultan of Brunei coming in, the Sultan Haji Hassanal Bolkiah and he is there with his wife. Yeah, he was there and he had good seats, too ! Who's that over William's shoulder ? There he is ! Literally courtside ! If something had gone wrong, he could've tapped in and got himself wife number four. Remember the last G20 summit ? Because guess who's there ! It's the Sultan of Brunei ! Brunei's not even in the G20. The Sultan just doesn't give a shit, he just turns up anyway. He had face to face sit downs with each of the last three presidents. It is a great pleasure to welcome my good friend, his majesty the sultan of Brunei. For context: Brunei has a population of 420 000 people. For scale, the population of Staten Island is 470 000. I don't remember seeing Staten Island borough president James P. Molinaro getting a sit down with the president. Although, to be honest, he's a lot less fun than the Sultan. Molinaro's last big birthday took place at a Sizzler with entertainment from a Jermaine Jackson impersonator. I'm kidding. It was actually far less exciting than that. A happy birthday to our borough president James Molinaro who turned 80 years young. He recieved flowers and several phone calls in his office. I'm gonna guess that none of those were from the President. And the sad thing is, we in America were on such a roll of condemning antigay legislation around the world in places like Uganda or, recently, in Russia. I have no patience for countries that try to treat gays or lesbians or transgender persons in ways that intimidate them or are harmful to them. I have no patience, I might try to build some up. You never know when it might come in handy. There was no public statement on Brunei's law from the State Department at all this week. We even called them ! And we're nobody. They explicitly told us that. Although there was one group this week that took a stand. It's also led to several celebrities boycotting the Beverly Hills Hotel, which the sultan owns. I've got to say congratulations to the city of Los Angeles. It can't have be easy to within a week discover you have a worse billionaire owner than this guy. The most public statement of condemnation this week came from Ellen's Twitter feed, where she said she would be boycotting hotels the sultan owns. Take that, sultan ! You might get a pass from every government on earth, but you do not piss off the people's republic of Ellen. You don't do it, you don't do that ! It's too bad, the sultan was one of my favorite Ellen guests. Look at him dance ! That's just natural rhythm. You know who I feel the worst other than everyone in Brunei ? Their tourism authority. They're gonna have to change their ads now. When it's time to go back to the values of sincerity and purity, there is always Brunei. Brunei Al DaraSalaam, a kingdom of unexpected treasures. That's nice, but you are going to want to at least change the end of that. Brunei Al DaraSalaam. We're on top of a shit ton of oil. What've you got ? Nothing is the answer and now this: People falling asleep behind politicians. Understand that your success in life won't be determined just by what's given to you or what happens to you. No one can outcompete us, there's no country in the world that can outcompete us. I'll have the answer about whether I even could. And our allies are so much less willing to trust us. We need to make sure the American people are given just a fighting chance. We must do these things together as one nation and one people. Corporate Japan is gonna overtake the USA. The common refrain is more care and less Rick but I'm working on it. There's folks on the left that try to be purposely provocative saying the meanest, nastiest things about the other side. The social problems they have to deal with are incomprehensible. We stand for freedom and hope and opportunity. I know that you can do it, after all you are the Giants and with the education here there is nothing that you can't do. For more of "Last Week Tonight", including an interview Thank you for watching ! Have a great night. LAST WEEK TONIGHT WITH JOHN OLIVER END OF EPISODE 2 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 