Last Week Tonight with John Oliver: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Last Week Tonight with John Oliver 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 John talks about the product recall going on at General Motors, the EU Court of Justice "Right to be Forgotten" ruling, and updates us on how the Indian election is going, with help from Fareed Zakaria. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 LAST WEEK TONIGHT WITH JOHN OLIVER Episode 4 Welcome to Last Week Tonight. I'm John Oliver. My guest tonight: Fareed Zakaria will be with us, very exciting. Quick roundup of the world. It was something of a week of angry protests around the globe. In Brazil, people took to the streets over government corruption, while in Turkey, thousands protested the government after a horrific mine accident and the Turkish Prime Minister responded in an unusual way. Many are also angry because of a video that has emerged 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 that appears to show the Turkish Prime Minister slapping someone as he was mobbed by an angry crowd. A Turkish newspaper today is quoting the prime minister as saying, if you boo the Prime Minister, you get slapped. Yeah, boo me, you get slapped. Scowl at me, purple nurple. You disagree with me: it's a tickle attack. In happier times here at home, yesterday was something of a wonderful anniversary. Ten years ago today, Massachusetts became the first state to legalize same sex marriage. Yes, ten year, that's right. Ten year anniversary of gay marriage ! And that sound you hear is a lesbian in Northampton figuring out why her partner was in a mood all day yesterday. Happy Saturday, I guess, Linda, see as that seems to be all it is to you. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Ten years ! Since then, we've come even further with gay marriage. It's now legal in 17 states. For all accomplishments in the political realm, marriage equality still faces unusual obstacles. Nintendo is the target of a social media campaign. In the company's upcoming game, called the 'Tomodachi Life', you can make your avatar do just about anything but your avatar "cannot" marry another avatar of the same sex. You can use a civil union cheat code, but it's just not the same. It's up, up, down, down, be gay, be gay, start. Keep that to yourself ! But in a happy sign of progress, Nintendo made a big announcement. Nintendo is apologizing, pledging to be more inclusive in the future. While it says it's too late to change the game now, it is committed to building virtual equality into later versions. Yes ! Virtual eventual equality ! That's the dream. Let's see how this news went down in Nintendo's world. Mario just got the call, he is overjoyed about the news. Here's his friend Link and they are... I didn't know either of them were gay. Link seems a little young for Mario, here's a.... That's Princess Peach and Princess Zelda. Let's give them some privacy, shall we ? Wonderful, Yoshi and Toad, wasting no time getting married ! The beauty is, they now got access to instant benefits power-ups. Pension in a box, that's great ! You love to see stability like that. This is bittersweet. Bowser received his death benefits after the death of his partner Donkey Kong. That's good, they had a lifetime together, Donkey Kong would want him taken care of. Why are you so sad ? Donkey Kong dies multiple times every day ! Would it make you happier if I restarted the game ? Let's do that, restart the game right now. There you go ! See, they're back, they're alive and well and enjoying brunch together. Happy now ? They're brunching, are you not entertained ? And now, this: The past week in Bullshit National Holidays. It may be Wednesday to you, but it's National Biscuit Day to us. - It is National Nylon Stockings Day. - National Odometer Day. - Third Shift Workers Day. - Piercing Day ! - Hepatitis Testing Day. - International Museum Day. Pack Brat Day. National Ride Your Bike to Work Day ! - Wear Your Lifejacket to Work Day. - Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Day. - Dance Like a Chicken Day. - It's National Limerick Day, so... - There once was a girl named Sue. - Never a good thing. Apple Pie Day. - It's National Hummus Day. - National Pizza Party Day. It's National Chocolate Chip Cookie Day ! Let's move on. Our main story this week concerns a titan of American industry: General Motors. Few companies in history have ever sold more cars. As of this week, few company has ever demanded as many of them back. This is the year of the recall for General Motors. Today, GM recalled 2.7 million more cars. That brings the total to 11 million recalled vehicles this year. Eleven million cars ! We are approaching a "total recall". Where you return your car to your local three-breasted GM representative. By and large, these cars' flaws are frightening. From steering loss to power brake failure to the fact that airbags, brakes and power steering could suddenly all switch off at the same time. If you're thinking: "I'm amazed no one's been killed by that", you would be wrong. The government's own files show as many as 303 accident related deaths, the company admits 13 people have been killed. Here is a sign that your corporation is in trouble: when the statement "our product only killed thirteen people" is your "defense". The government stepped in and held GM to account. General Motors is going have to pay the government $35 million. $35 million. That is a lot of money for a car company. In 1923. But for today's GM, it amounts to less than one day of revenue. There's only one GM employee who is up in arms over this, and it's "this guy". And he's up in arms over basically everything. President's day... Whenever it's windy. This is a paltry amount of money. It's about to seem even paltrier when you learn how long GM waited to tell customers about the problems. The carmaker now says it found the problem with an ignition switch back in 2001 during preproduction of the Saturn Ion. So you knew of a potentially fatal ignition problem for 13 years ! A child attending her first day of school the day you found out would be old enough to die driving one of your cars the day you did something about it. I don't really feel people are quite angry enough with this, maybe this will help. Years after finding out definitively about the link, they continued to tell families of accident victims that they did not have enough evidence of any defect. In one case, GM threatened to come after the family of an accident victim for reimbursement of legal fees if the family did not withdraw its lawsuit. GM doubled down on their awfulness, they couldn't help themselves. Much like people stuck in their shitty cars. This Friday, we learned that GM "was" holding meetings at the time about dealing with their defective cars. You'll never guess what they were talking about. These are slides from a Powerpoint presentation given in 2008. Workers were told not to use the word "defect "or "defective" but rather "does not perform to design" and GM had judgment words that were banned, including dangerous, crippling, hobbling and 65 others. How did they even come up with that list ? Was it just word association ? Say the first word that comes to mind. Cadillac XTS ? Life-threatening. Perfect. The new Chevy Sonic. Crippling and dangerous. Fantastic. Keep 'em going, there are no bad ideas here just bad cars. There were a lot more words on that list. Because the banned words include and I'll show you the document, they include "deathtrap", "decapitating", "grenade-like", "Hindenburg", "Kevorkianesque", "powder keg", "rolling Sarcophagus" and "you're toast". When demons have sex, those are their safewords. Luckily, GM still left us a few ways to describe their vehicles... Hell-taxis, the GM reapers, and "like Hotel Rwanda, but a car". GM is clearly in deep trouble, their only hope might be that their recently appointed CEO has something that most CEO's don't: two x chromosomes. GM announced something new for 2014. For the first time in its 105 year history, the company will be run by a woman. Here we have first female CEO of the big three trying to represent the new GM. We discussed, whether a man or a woman would handle this differently. She is also a mother. There will be some thinking around child safety, child accessibility and just kind of the things that moms think about. Yea, Mary Barra is, apparently unfathomably, a woman. And the fact that she so stubbornly refuses to be a man means that she is forcing commentators to define her by her gender. Let's see if we can discern a woman's touch in her handling of this crisis. Her first move was to issue an internal company letter, I quote: "our process for determining whether and when to recall a vehicle" "is decided by experienced technical experts." Not really detecting a woman's touch there. Or indeed a "human's" touch. That was when a male commentator told her how a woman should act. She's a mom with two kids. Her first responsibility isn't as CEO of the company, it's as a mom with two children. She could relate to those people who lost their family members. Right, because everyone knows that people without kids could barely give a shit when 13 people die. I don't have kids, you tell me that 13 people died I'm like: "Why are you telling me this ?" I could be sleeping or counting my disposable income. You're wasting my plentiful free time. It's a classy idea ! Deploy your own family as a human shield. Or a human airbag, if you will. Within days, it was clear that Barra was actually listening. As a member of the GM family and as a mom with a family, this really hits home for me. There you go. That's the lady stuff ! Getting much warmer. Not as warm as the brakes on a Cadillac XTS, which could start a fire for no apparent reason, let's just say warmer though. Even the new video seems slightly off. Something went wrong with our process in this instance. Terrible things happened. Sounds less like "a person expressing sympathy in a human manner" and more like the distress message from a doomed spaceship in a SF. After all, something went wrong with our process in this instance. And terrible things happened. So, to recap: Barra's first statement had serious design flaws. She introduced a second, hastily-assembled statement with many of the same catastrophic issues as the first. But then this week, after recalling 11.2 million cars and paying a fine worth less than 24 hours of corporate revenues, she rolled a new statement proudly off GM's PR assembly line: CEO Mary Barra had this response: "We have learned from this recall." "We will now focus on the goal of becoming an industry safety leader." "We will emerge from this situation a stronger company." Good, you'll be a stronger company ? So this was all a great thing. A learning experience and a refocusing of goals. Somewhere the CEO of Blockbuster video is going: "Shit, we should've killed 13 people." It's the magic recipe. While some might see this as yet another depressing entry into annals of corporate malfeasance, let's celebrate together a milestone: at a time when women leaders are routinely questioned in ways they shouldn't be, Mary Barra, the first female CEO of a major car company, has defied gender stereotypes and issued a statement every bit as shitty as one from a male CEO. Congratulations, Mary ! You haven't just shattered the glass ceiling, you've been ejected through the glass windshield. We don't technically have commercial breaks on this show, but after this I think we all might just need one, to get away from this story. So if you'll excuse us, we'll be right back. General Motors makes cars that America can be proud of. Cars you couldn't describe as "defective", "catastrophically flawed". "Gruesome, potentially-disfiguring rolling Sarcophagi ?" That's not our cars ! We make sleek, non-grenade-like anti-Hindenbergs, the opposite of Kevorkianesque. Why not tell your family you love them and come test-drive a GM car ? Driving a GM car is so smooth, it's like butter. And you're toast ! General Motors. Why walk through the valley of the shadow of death, when you can drive ? Welcome back. Let's talk about something else, the internet. In Europe this week, there was some potentially significant news. It is said the Internet never forgets until now, that is. The highest court in Europe ruled that Google and other search operators must delete search results if they are requested, the right to be forgotten. The right to be forgotten, which incidentally is my favorite non-existent Morrissey song. I have the right to be forgotten, I have... Yeah, yes. What the ruling amounts to is, if there's something embarrassing on the Internet about you, then EU citizens can now ask Google to take down any links to it. I'll tell you who seems weirdly excited about this potential new right: the newscasters reporting on it. Let's hypothetically say when you were in high school you toilet papered someone's house and were arrested. The one night of wild drinking in college can haunt you forever. What if 10 million people approach Google and say: that story about me running over a squirrel on my bicycle while drunk and naked ? I want that removed. That is "way" too specific to be something that he came up with off the top of his head. There is a photo of that man naked on a bike crushing a squirrel. And if there isn't, then frankly, there is now. Yes, meet your new top Google hit, Brian Sullivan ! And live with this for the rest of your life. Maybe my favorite newscaster fantasy spurred by this ruling came this week from Fox News's Shep Smith. I'm trying to think what I would give just to be forgotten. I might go rob all the banks on the planet. Hold on, Shep. Just because you erased yourself from the internet, doesn't mean you won't be caught for robbing banks. That's not how basically anything works. But it's charming that you think it is. I just like to rob banks, that's kind of my thing. Maybe this new ruling though addresses a genuine problem: internet has an unforgiving memory and it can ruin people's lives. So if all the ruling does is let people take down links to minor indiscretions from their past, it's probably fine. A source says a man in Europe, convicted of child pornography, was among the first to request that links to articles about his conviction be taken down. A politician with some bad behavior in office. Even a doctor with a negative review. A failsafe question to ask yourself when drafting a law is: "might child pornographers like this ?" If so, maybe take another pass at it. Luckily, the only thing stopping this ruling from doing real damage is that it is, by its nature, completely ineffective. Because what the EU court doesn't understand is the internet is like quicksand. The more aggressively you fight to remove yourself from it, the deeper you're going to sink. The case in point, the guy who started all of this: The case originated in Spain. A man there argued that when a Google search turned up an auction notice of his repossessed home from back in 1998 that that being out there was a violation against his privacy. That Spanish man is Mario Costeja Gonzalez. This is his photo, which was on an article from New York Times about his crusade to remove links mentioning his debts from 1998. In doing so, he is now world-famous for being "that Spanish guy with debts from 1998". I know about him the only thing he didn't want me to know. That is why, all of this... All of this, is why "right to be forgotten" law is no longer workable in the Internet age. Nothing you are embarrassed of on the internet is ever going away. We all have a horrifying photo from our past that undermines the person we are now, professionally and personally. We can all live in fear of that thing ever surfacing. Or we can all hold hands, jump at the same time and save each other. Which is why we're launching tonight hashtag mutually assured humiliation. If we all put our worst photo into the world together, none of us will ever be in a position to judge anyone else. I'm not talking about the cute, mildly-embarrassing photo, like that one of yourself, let's say wearing a homemade sweater with your own name on it. Hypothetically... The kind that you claim... That's real. The kind you claim is embarrassing, but somehow humanizes you a little. No, I'm talking about "this". Toxic, weapons-grade awkwardness. I am putting this photo up online right now. We all have to do this together. I'm trusting you to do the same. Three, two, one. You have to do this with me, right ? Go. You better fucking have done that or I have made a horrible mistake. And I think I've just made a horrible mistake. And now, this. And now, shame ! Shame on the little totalitarians of the left. - Shame on HGTV. - Shame on Thailand, yes. - Shame on the Australians. - Shame on Warren Buffett. - Shame on the legal profession. - Shame, Hank Aaron. Shame on you, Copenhagen Zoo. Shame on them, shame on you too, Chris. - Shame on you guys ! - Yea, shame on us. It's a Rove-down dirty shame. Moving on, finally tonight. You may remember on our very first episode we talked about the election in India. After five weeks and over 500 million votes, on Friday, there was an announcement: It appears at 9:37 AM and we are calling the election the BJP will have won the election and Narendra Modi with these numbers will become the next Prime Minister of India. That is a seizure-inducing amount of information on that screen. If you followed this election, you learned two key things: Narendra Modi was destined for an historic victory. And two, no one covers an election like Indian news networks, who are apparently sponsored by Adderall. We are not speeding this footage up ! I feel like I'm playing a slot machine while high on peyote. Just a small word of advice to Indian news networks: "this" is not the most relaxing way to watch television. The only thing this is good for is potentially putting your elderly viewers in the hospital. But I digress. Take it down ! The real news regarding this election is that Narendra Modi is set to become the new Prime Minister of India. He's a transformative, albeit controversial figure. Some worry he might be too harsh and authoritarian. So perhaps one of his family members can reassure us. His brother remembers their days together. Narendra Modi loved flying kites. I had to hold a spool of string, but if I refused, he would get angry. And he would hit me. In Modi's defense: how difficult is it to just hold a spool of string ? Fuck this guy. Anyway, I'm sorry. What you were saying ? - Were you scared of your brother ? - I'm still scared of him, even today. Should India be scared of him ? Anyone concerned for the well-being of the country has nothing to fear. Only those who work against the country need to be scared. That's reassuring ! He should have run his campaign slogan on that: "Don't worry, only my brother and those who oppose me" "will beaten to death with a child's kite." Here to talk more about the Indian elections is CNN's Fareed Zakaria. Fareed. Thank you so much for being here. Let's talk India. You were born there. My people were temporary custodians. This was... Temporary self-appointed custodians. Let's just be clear. We felt we were kind of inherently invited in some way. That's the excuse of the British Empire. I'm sure you were... it was lost in the post. This was an amazing election. And it's been described the result, as either an exciting or a frightening time for Indians. It's mostly exciting. You're right. It's an amazing election. Here's this guy, Modi, the son of a tea seller, himself sold tea, really humble origins, extraordinarily disciplined politician running against a political dynasty like no other in the world. This is Rahul Gandhi, the guy he was sort of running against. His father was prime minister, his grandmother was prime minister, his great-grandfather was prime minister. Like Chelsea Clinton's fetus having a child and then running for president. Does it have to be like that ? Could it not be a different image ? Everything about this election was different from normal. There's a great bit in one of your books where you point out: "Indian elections are not really national elections at all." Rather simultaneous regional and local elections with no common theme. But this changed this time. He has a huge mandate. This changed in a fascinating way. Rather than regional elections, what you ended up with was one big national issue. And the Congress party, ran on really the default message that every third world ruling party runs on which is, we're going to give you subsidies. A kind of socialism in action. We're going to give you subsidies you're poor, you're entitled to them. This guy said: "I'm going to run on growth and good government." Not going to give you anything for free. I'm gonna try to get good roads, good electricity. And what he banked on, was that in India now, there is an aspirational middle class that doesn't want to be handed government subsidies but wants the infrastructure, the governance that produces economic growth. The Times of India had a really interesting editorial, where they referred to him selling the Indian dream. Packaging the Indian dream to people. The American dream is clear. Catching something from a T-shirt cannon. What is the Indian dream ? Is it just the concept of upward mobility ? When you hear about this, about the Indian dream or the Chinese dream, they're all really the American dream, the idea you will do better than your parents. We franchised it. That's it. It's like a supernova. Just as it's catching on everywhere else, it's imploding here at home. Why does every analogy you use have to be so appallingly negative ? - This is HBO, isn't it ? - That's true. - We're testing the limits. - It's not TV, it's negative. Can you stick around to talk online ? This is a much bigger discussion than we have time here. As long as there are more photographs you're going to post. I actually have one worse than that and I chickened out. If you want to watch an extended version of this interview, go here. Fareed Zakaria, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us. We are off next week. Have a fantastic two weeks, good night ! LAST WEEK TONIGHT WITH JOHN OLIVER END OF EPISODE 4 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 