Last Week Tonight with John Oliver: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Last Week Tonight with John Oliver 
 s1e6 - FIFA and the World Cup - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - FIFA and the World Cup - full transcript 
 John Oliver discusses the anniversary of the Tiananmen Square rebellion and the FIFA World Cup and invites Right Said Fred to send a message to Bashar al-Assad. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 LAST WEEK TONIGHT WITH JOHN OLIVER Episode 6 Welcome to Last Week Tonight. My name is John Oliver. Thank you so much, thank you for being with us. Let's have a quick recap of the week. To be honest, this week has been a huge disappointment. All week long we were promised a fairy tale. California Chrome will try to become the 12th horse to ever win the Triple Crown. Can California Chrome do it ? God speed and speed to that great horse. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 God speed, California Chrome ! Run like a horse ! I mean as fast as you can until that tiny man balancing on your back stops hitting you with a stick. But sadly, it was not meant to be. California Chrome lost some of its shine at the Belmont stakes when Tonalist crossed the finish line to win. Who the fuck is Tonalist ?! That's not the horse I wanted. I wanted a different horse ! Fuck this horse. If that horse is Tonalist ! It's hard to tell, they're all horses but fuck that horse. All was not lost. While yesterday didn't give us a Triple Crown Winner, it did give us in California Chrome's co-owner Steve Coburn, the secretariat of sore losers: If you can't make enough points to get into the Kentucky Derby, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 you can't run in the other two races and it's all or nothing. This is not fair to these horses. Exactly, we need to treat these horses fairly. By breeding them until they have structural integrity of a Jenga tower and then when they collapse, shooting them in the head. Well done, Coburn. Because it is not easy to be the least classy person at a racetrack. Let's cut him a break. It was the heat of the moment. Let's see what he said this morning once he had a chance to sleep it off. You figure it out, and I mean... Ask yourself, would it be fair if I played basketball with a child in a wheelchair ? I guess that depends, how good is the child's outside shot and are you as bad at basketball as you are at analogies ? In other absurd competitions, there was an amazing moment on the German version of "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire." The full title in German is "Who Dares Have The Hubris" "To Assume They Deserve Great Wealth For Mere Excellence In Trivia ?" Beautiful language. It happened when the contestant, Wolfgang Bosbach, just like honey off the tongue, it happened when he decided to use his lifeline to call German chancellor Angela Merkel: A German lawmaker tried Merkel for his phone a friend lifeline. Who should I call now except the chancellor ? I don't know if she's busy. Let me answer that for you. She is. She is busy. She's not in a meeting with a Greek finance minister saying: "You mind if I leave my phone on ? You know the phone a friend option ?" "I'm the friend !" "For any questions regarding the I.M.F. or Doctor Who is me." Please tell me she did not answer that phone. When the show called her, they got her voicemail twice. Good. The only thing worse than her answering would be if she'd answered it saying: "Hello ! It's Angela." "Can't hear you ! It's loud in club ! I'm so wasted right now !" Speaking of Germans losing things, it was the 70th anniversary of D-Day this week. One of... Okay. It was one of two major anniversaries, the other being the 25th anniversary of the protests in Tiananmen Square. Not that you would know that if you lived in China. China's done their best to erase the massacre from history books. Search "Tiananmen Square" on China's monitored internet and the results are censored. 25 years have passed and we still don't know what happened. That's not cool, I think. - Not cool ? - Yeah. Not cool ? Wearing socks and sandals is "not cool". Ordering fries "for the table" and eating them all that's not cool. Erasing a massacre is chilling. Protesters tried to subvert the Government using phrases like "May the 35th" instead of June the Fourth. That caused authorities to clamp down even harder. The list of banned words gets longer and longer, so this year, words that were banned like "today", "this day", "sensitive day," even the phrase "when spring turns to summer". No ! You can't ban "when spring turns to summer !" I need access to the Chinese market if my novel is going to succeed ! No one wants that, nobody wants that. The most ingenious attempt at subversion was this: when a Chinese soap opera actress's supposed sex video leaked, an activist group edited the video to add in messages encouraging people to show up at Tiananmen Square. That is brilliant. Can you even imagine how smart we would be if we snuck information into our pornography ? "I want you so bad." Actually, it's badly. That's just one of six grammar rules that I'm anxious to cover during this fornication. Pornography is illegal in China, so the government took it down. What we need to sneak the message out there would be something both legal and popular among China's youth. "Friends" lives on in the heart of the Chinese capital, where a "Central Perk" replica is being built by Du Xin. We want to be like one of the characters in the show. It's about caring between friends. I'm crazy about Friends. China is, for some reason, obsessed with "Friends". Did you know that the Chinese character for "Obsession with friends" is the same as the one for "opportunity" ? This might help young people in China remember Tiananmen Square: - Gentlemen, pick your category. - Fears and pet-peeves. What is Monica's biggest pet-peeve ? - The government killing people. - Correct. - Ladies ? - Same category. According to Chandler, how many died in the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests ? Anywhere from 200 to 2600 ! That is correct. Why'd they kill those guys ? They wanted free speech and government accountability. Hang in there, China. "We'll be there for you". I would like to talk to you about the sausage principle. The theory that says, if you love something, never find out how it was made. Tonight, I would like to show you my sausage. Wait ! This is my sausage. The 2014 FIFA World Cup. My god, okay, the World Cup starts this week and I am both excited and conflicted about it. In America, soccer is something you pick your daughter up from. But for me, and everyone else on earth, it's a little more important. Soccer had become Brazil's religion. In Columbia, soccer was a religion. Football is a religion here. Soccer or football, like we say, it's a religion. They're not exaggerating. When David Beckham got a tattoo of Jesus, the response of most soccer fans was: "That's huge for Jesus. That's a big deal for him." Here's my conflict, the World Cup is one of my favorite things. But it's organized by these guys. FIFA. You either know it as "The Federation Internationale de Football Association" or that soccer video game you have. But for American viewers who may never have encountered them, FIFA is a comically grotesque organization. Telling someone about the inner workings of FIFA for the first time is a bit like showing someone "two girls one cup." You do it so you can watch the horrified expressions on faces. Let's start where FIFA's current world cup will take place: Brazil. Brazilians are excited about everything. This is how they celebrate the fact that it's just about to be Lent ! They love the concept of giving up chocolate temporarily. They're the biggest soccer fans on earth. They must be thrilled at the prospect of hosting the World Cup. There has been months of unrest in some of the city's favilas with clashes between police and residents. People demonstrated against Brazil holding the World Cup. That makes no sense. Why would you be unhappy hosting the thing you love the most in all the world ? The government spent $11 billion getting ready. The US team will play its second game here in the city of Manaus, in this brand new, 270 million dollar stadium. Manaus is so remote, it's almost impossible to reach by car, which is why officials had to have materials brought in by boat, shipped across from Portugal and up the Amazon River. Okay that does seem like a waste of money. That stadium is only going to be used for four World Cup games. There's also no team in Manaus that can fill it afterwards, it becomes the world's most expensive bird toilet. No wonder Brazilians are so upset, when you think about what they're getting in return. They're going to make money as well as the money they're spending. FIFA makes the money, this is where the controversy is. The country doesn't make money. FIFA is who makes the money. Brazil, let me put this in terms you might understand: think of money as pubic hair and FIFA as wax. They're going to be all over you during the World Cup. When they go, they're taking all the money with them. Including some from places you didn't know you had money. Leaving you teary eyed going "Jesus, what happened here ?" "I'm never doing this again." Here are FIFA's tax demands for prospective host countries: It is FIFA and it's FIFA's subsidiaries that are fully exempt from any tax whatsoever levied at whatever level. Consumption taxes, income taxes, it's all exempt. That's right. By the Brazil's own estimates, they're allowing FIFA to forego $250 million in taxes. Somewhere, Wesley Snipes is going: "So soccer was the answer... It seems so obvious now." FIFA says they leave a lot behind. Which they do, like new laws. Once upon a time, Brazil did this: In 2003, the Brazilian government banned alcohol from stadiums because of the high death rate amongst fans. That seems like a good idea. Potentially life-saving, even. Budweiser is one of FIFA's key sponsors. They sell a product they reflexively insist on calling "beer". FIFA seemed anxious to protect Budweiser from a law designed to protect people. FIFA's secretary general went to Brazil with a simple message. I'm sorry to say and maybe I look arrogant, but that's something we are not negotiating. There will be and there must be a spot of the law, the fact that we have the right to sell beer. If maybe I look a bit arrogant, but how you say it ? Fuck your laws and your public safety. And the amazing thing is here: FIFA won. They pressured Brazil into passing "Budweiser bill", allowing beer sales in soccer stadiums. You can either be horrified by that or relieved that FIFA wasn't also sponsored by cocaine and chainsaws. Brazil's lucky at least they just had FIFA force alcohol on them. When South Africa hosted the World Cup, FIFA forced the creation of "the FIFA World Cup Courts". It's like going to the World Series and being dragged in front of judge Philly Phanatic. Except FIFA's courts were no joke. Two Zimbabweans who robbed foreign journalists on a Wednesday were arrested on a Thursday and began 15 year jail sentences. Unsettlingly fast. That's like when you order Chinese food and it comes five minutes later. Thanks very much but that was too quick. You didn't have time to make this properly. There is an irony in FIFA setting up "any" kind of justice system, given the scandals that have dogged it. FIFA tried to tackle its shady inner workings by suspending two executives on corruption charges. The FIFA scandal rumbles on, Jack Warner resigned as vice president. Many corruption scandals FIFA had to deal with. Bribery and FIFA go together like peanut butter and jelly. They shouldn't, peanut butter and jelly are "supposed" to go together. FIFA and bribery should go together like peanut butter and a child with a deadly nut allergy. No, Devin, no ! It's for your brother ! If you think FIFA can't get any more cartoonishly evil, this is their headquarters' "actual" boardroom. FIFA modeled where they meet on the war room from "Dr. Strangelove". "Exhibit A" for "an organization that does not give a shit what you think." The head of FIFA maintains that they are a non-profit organization. We are a non-profit organization and we have to remain one. A non-profit with over a billion dollars in the bank. Yes, but this is a reserve ! A reserve of a billion dollars. When your rainy day fund is so big, you've got to check it for swimming cartoon ducks, you might not be a non-profit anymore. The man you just saw is Sepp Blatter and even his name should have been a red flag. If your name is Sepp, at the bare minimum, you've strangled someone in a bar fight, that's just a fact. Let me give you a taste of Sepp Blatter as a human being: He was asked how should women's soccer be made more popular. He said they should wear shorter shorts. Great idea. Put the ladies in hot pants. Call it foxy soccer. Tighten up the jerseys. Replace the ball with a plate of hot wings. Fuck it, let's just open a Hooters. FIFA, the humble nonprofit, recently spent $27 million to fund "United Passions", a fictionalized version of their history starring, for some reason, Tim Roth as Sepp Blatter. And this movie, like FIFA, itself looks terrible. We'll be the Federation International de Football Association. FIFA. The first world cup will be held in Uruguay. You have everything you need to run our family. But you know, the slightest error and you're out. Who makes a sports film where the heroes are the executives ? You don't need 2 hours and Tim Roth because the greatest film about Sepp Blatter has been made. It's ten seconds long and it's on YouTube. That is wonderful. That is the one time you can say: "I'm glad that old man fell off that stage." Perhaps the worst part of FIFA is not its past or its present. It's its future. Because the host of the 2022 World Cup has been decided. The winner to organize the 2022 FIFA World Cup is Qatar ! Qatar ?! There's between one and 50 reasons why that is an awful idea. Summer temperatures in Qatar can reach some 50 degrees Celsius. A difficult environment to hold a sporting event outdoors. 50 degrees Celsius is 122 degrees Fahrenheit. You are hosting the World Cup somewhere where soccer can not physically be played. That's like if the NFL chose to host the Super Bowl in a lake. There are allegations that FIFA executives took bribes to put the World Cup in Qatar, I hope that's true. Otherwise, it makes no sense. Not just because of the weather, but because of the working conditions. Qatar is a slave state in the 21st century. A migrant worker can't leave without an exit visa, that visa has to be approved by his employer. - Who has your passport ? - It's in the Main Office. - So you're trapped here ? - Yes. Coffins coming home every day, more than a worker per day is dying. From the figures of just two countries, India and Nepal, more than 4 000 workers will die before a ball is kicked off in 2022. So the Qatar World Cup is shaping up to be the most deadly Middle East construction project since this one. I hope I've proven to you that FIFA is just appalling. And yet, and here's their power, I am still so excited about the World Cup next week. It's hard to justify how I can get so much joy from an organization that caused so much pain. Other than going back to right where we started: Soccer or football, like we say, it's a religion. It's an organized religion. And FIFA is its church. Its leader is infallible, it compels South American countries to spend money don't have building opulent cathedrals and it may be responsible for the deaths in the Middle East. But for millions of people around the world, like me, it is also the guardian of the only thing that gives lives any meaning. If that comparison doesn't make Americans love soccer then frankly nothing will. And now this: Chris Matthews reminds everyone who he used to work for. I worked in the business of politics when you had Tip O'Neill, my boss. I worked for Tip O'Neill. My great boss O'Neill. Tip O'Neill. I got to know it because I was Tip's guy. My old boss Tip O'Neill loves the "Golden Girls". And finally tonight, a lighter subject, Syria. For three years now, Bashar al-Assad has been brutally clamping down on his own people. Killing more than 100 000 people and displacing millions. And yet Assad is still there. He's like herpes or a Prairie Home Companion. At this point, he's clearly never fucking going away. This week, in the midst of this bloodbath, he had the bare-faced-balls to stage an election. Guess how that turned out. President Bashar al-Assad allegedly won nearly 89 percent of the votes. 89 percent ? That is too high. All dictators should know: a rigged election should be like a pleasant spring day, high sixties, low seventies. Al-Assad is a maniac and nothing we can do is going to stop him. We tried taking away his chemical weapons. Guess what happened ? The Syrian regime may have found a loophole. Chlorine gas, which can be used legitimately in water treatment, has also allegedly been used in government bombing attacks. The poison gas burns the lungs and can be deadly. We're not going to do anything about that. The opposition are made up of "1 000 distinct armed units", and any regime change is likely to be followed by ethnic cleansing. You're thinking "it's the Middle East, everything will be fine. It always is." This time, I'm not so sure. Basically: we are stuck. Syria is at the mercy of this guy. If we're forced to live in a perpetual nightmare, let's learn something about the man who put us there. What's this super-villain's backstory ? Growing up he was a polite boy who never lorded his status over his friends. Assad ended up studying ophthalmology in London and was known for his love of volleyball and rock music than for his interest in politics. Okay, that's a surprise. A volleyball, music loving ophthalmologist was not the back story I was expecting. When you look at his face it does actually makes sense. He could not look more like an ophthalmologist than that. Why didn't he follow his incredibly boring dream and do that ? Because he should be treating an 8-year-old's case of pink-eye now. That actually could have happened, if it wasn't for a cruel twist of fate. In 1994, Assad was suddenly called back to Syria after his older brother was killed in a car accident. He was now next in line to rule. So he was second choice behind his older brother. We're just lucky to have avoided the third Assad brother, Dustin, a screw-up he forgot to wish Aunt Linda a happy birthday. Fuck you, Dustin, she only turns 75 once. I'm not a psychologist but I would say that Assad has family issues. The strong figure in this family, after the death of Hafez Assad, was Aniseh, the mother of Bashar and she was known to urge Bashar to crack down even harder, to live up to the legacy of his father. - She is pressuring him ? - Yes. Perfect. So now we've got a brutal dictator with mommy issues. Next thing we'll hear about is about his bed-wetting problem. And the fact that he won't go anywhere without his woobie. The more you learn about Assad, more you come to terms with the fact that he's half mass-murderer and half your creepy roommate. Two years ago, a trove of his emails leaked, and the world had a glimpse into his music tastes. As the people of Syria have been fighting and dying for their freedom, their president Bashir al Assad has been ordering pop music off of iTunes. His playlist includes "Sexy and I Know it" by LMFAO. LMFAO ? We're dealing with someone with the political instincts of a young Joseph Stalin and music tastes of a 14-year-old girl from Orange County named Tiffany. That song is so hot right now. Among Assad's other purchases were a song from "Right Said Fred", the British sensation you might remember from this: That is a great song, by the way. But it shouldn't be on a dictator's playlist. A dictator's power is in their mystique. When you picture Assad, he wants you to hear this: Now when you look at him all you should be able to hear is this: And that's the point: he's a monster, but he's also a moron. It's frustrating that we're powerless to do anything to hurt him. If only there were something, however small, we could do. We could find something he loves and turn it against him. We could track down, let's say, Right Said Fred. And we could, hypothetically, fly them here from London to perform a rewritten anti-Assad version of their greatest hit. Would it really be worth, for the momentary catharsis of mildly irritating one of the worst people on the planet ? Ladies and gentleman, may I present to you, one of Bashar al Assad's favorite bands, Right Said Fred ! You're too awful for this earth. Too awful for this earth. So awful it hurts. Your face has barely got a chin. It's barely got a chin. You look just like him... So please, stop downloading our tracks. Here's your money back. You're a monster. We hate your regime. And we think you should be tried for war crimes. Yeah, for war crimes, yeah. You should probably be on trial for war crimes. You're an ophthalmologist. Can you read this ? You are just a walking taint. The opposite of a saint. At least Hitler could paint. You're a monster. And a volleyball fan. But more than that, you're an asshole. Who's afraid of his mom. You're a murderous mom-fearing asshole. You're an asshole ! You're an asshole, yeah ! Everyone thinks you're an asshole ! All together now ! You're an asshole ! You're an asshole, yeah ! Everyone thinks you're an asshole ! Here we go ! Please stop listening to our songs. Yes ! That's our show, goodnight. That's our show, thanks to Right Said Fred, have a great week. LAST WEEK TONIGHT WITH JOHN OLIVER END OF EPISODE 6 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 