Runaways: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Runaways 
 s2e6 - Episode #2.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Runaways (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 6 - Episode #2.6 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Marvel's Runaways... - Topher's gone! - I don't think he's coming back here. This is what I wanted to protected you from. From losing someone you care about. - Again. - Do you know who you sound exactly like right now? Your mom. Everything I've worked towards, everything I've done, was for this. Karolina, I'd like to introduce you to your brother. Mom, I need to know the truth about my father. - Aah! - Hey, you OK? It happens when I go off my Sertraline too quickly. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 She needs you more than ever to help her get used to being off her meds. Feelin' a little better? Yeah. Thank you. He said he was going to just talk to her. Jonah murdered my daughter. That was for Amy. Now it's time to finish this. I believe this belongs to you. What have you done to him? I simply defended myself against another one of your pathetic attempts to kill me. Uh, j-just so we're on the same page, this particular attempted murder was all Robert going rogue. I mean, you know him. He's a loose cannon. It doesn't matter, because the day after tomorrow, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'll never have to see your faces ever again. Because you're gonna pull off our faces? Do you think I chose you because I enjoy your company? I chose you because of your capability to perform specific tasks, so I could get my ship out of that damn hole and get the hell outta here! Day after tomorrow, all of you are going to show up at the dig site. Tina and Robert, once he's recovered his senses, will repair my ship's computer system. Dale and Stacey will run diagnostics on my ship's biomorphic shell. And Victor will be roused from his slumber to oversee any engineering issues. The Deans, of course, will provide security so that we're not disturbed. And if we don't go along with it? I'll kill your children. You know I wouldn't hesitate. If you launch that ship, our children will die anyway. Gene and Alice said that it would cause a massive earthquake. The Hernandezes understood geology. They didn't understand my ship. There will be no earthquake. As an added incentive, I'm going to leave behind a parting gift... My Abstract. Your book of poems written in alien code? Not much of an offer. It contains all the knowledge my people possess. If I decode it for you, then PRIDE can use it to finally do what it advertises... and save the world. And I'll tell you where your children are. You can retrieve them and go about your lives as if we never met. You forget somethin'? You didn't give us a job on launch day. Want us to make you a goodbye banner or some shit? You've already fulfilled your purpose. I have no further use for you. Jonah told me what he is. What I am. I-I'm so sorry you had to hear that... from him. Believe me, I wanted to tell you so many times. And you only had every day for 17 years to do it. I don't expect you to be able to understand, but... I loved Jonah. Trusted him, wholeheartedly. But then I discovered what he is truly capable of. You put those kids in that box. Nobody tells Leslie Dean what to do. Yes. I was willing... to do it. At one point, you thought he was good. When did that change? When he hurt you. Mom, he was testing me. Drawing me out. He wanted to see what I could do. You almost died. - But he saved me! - No, no, listen. He's... he's done things. Terrible things, Karolina. You're one to judge. Look, the sacrifices that you discovered, those lives were taken to keep Jonah alive, but there were other deaths that were not. Why is one murder more OK than another? Because everything that we did was for you kids, to protect you. We would never have hurt any of you. But Jonah... Jonah... killed Amy. That's not true. You're lying. Oh, sweetheart, I wish I was. Old Lace. I know you can hear me. I didn't want to leave you behind. Please believe me. You're such a good girl. I can... I can feel how much this hurts you. You didn't do anything wrong. I'm wrong. I'm broken... and I was gonna get someone killed if I didn't do something. If this goes sideways and I have to stay away, I need you to protect the others, especially Molly. She needs it. No matter what she says. How are we feelin'? Uh, well, my head doesn't feel like it's being bored through by a red-hot poker, so... that's improvement. - Chase, hmm? Never known a girl named Chase before. That's some pretty backwards gender-normative thinking. - Your mother's here, if you're ready to see her. Be interested to meet the woman who raised you. Hi, honey. All of the money and power in the world, and somehow we always end up with these two playing doctor. "Playing doctor" implies we are not trained medical professionals. You know, technically, we're not. Robert? Are you all right? What do you remember? The inhibitor. It was working and... then... I don't know, everything went black. You should never have gone alone. I didn't want anyone else to get hurt. Well, it must have had some effect. Jonah did look pretty sick. Maybe we'll get lucky and he'll just die. Even in his weakened state, he had no problem taking out Robert. Can I say something crazy? Pretty on-brand for you. What if Jonah is telling the truth? What if we can get him out of our lives and get the Abstract and show the kids that we started this for a reason, to help mankind! I mean, maybe if we do enough good, they'll just come home on their own. Sounds great, but we have a little problem of an earthquake. Well, it would make sense that the Abstract contains schematics for the ship, right? What if we use that alongside the Hernandezes' research and rule out an earthquake once and for all. - Except we can't read it. - Maybe Janet can. - I gave it to her. - You didn't tell me that. I didn't tell anyone... Because she asked me not to. There's no way Janet is gonna crack Jonah's secret language. If she could, though, we could do a lot more than figure out the earthquake. We will gather up all the data we have from Gene and Alice, and we'll see if she made any progress. Well, it looks like you all have got everything covered, so, uh, we're gonna be on our way. You heard what Jonah said. Our part in this is done. It's never really over with him. You know that. I know I'm not gonna live my life looking over my shoulder. You don't have to. I've got your back. Just do me a favor. Stay in touch... and stay on your guard. You don't have to worry about that. So we broke into Atlas for this thing, and now you're stripping it for parts? No. I am adding parts, turning it from a super computer into a super-duper computer... or something like that. It's all a part of my plan. Care to let me in on it? Nope. If I tell you my plan, then it becomes Nico's plan, and Alex is left out in the cold again. I happen to like being needed. Yeah, well, being a leader hasn't exactly been my strong suit lately, so feel free to tag in. Leaders have to make unpopular decisions. You were right about Topher. He could have really hurt Molly. Yeah, I know. But instead, I really hurt her. I mean, Molly's lost a lot. You know, for anybody, let alone a kid. How am I ever gonna make it up to her? Think you're asking the wrong guy. I mean, I've been trying to make it up to you for a long time, and... I still haven't gotten anywhere. Well, maybe I should give it another try. With Molly, I mean. Right. Molly? Molly? Molly! What? Molly, there you are. Am I not allowed to walk around freely anymore? Please give me a list of rooms I'm restricted to. I thought you ran away again. Like you would even care. I would, hence my frantic yelling. What were you doing in there? Old Lace, can you please tell Nico that I'm not missing, but Gert and Chase are. What? Where are they? I don't know. Maybe they got tired of living with a cabrona prejuiciosa. - A judgmental asshole. - I got it. Where are they, girl? Hey! Thank God you called. I was freaking out when I woke up and you were gone. What'd you do? Something bad. I'm not gonna force you to come with me, sweetheart. No offense, Mom, but I don't really see a universe where that'd be possible. I take ownership for everything that we put you through, and I want you to know that I'm willing to pay any price... If that means turning myself in to the police... To get you to trust me again and to consider coming home. It's too late. Too much has happened. You care about her a lot, don't you? - Yeah. - I'm glad that you found someone and that you kids are taking care of each other, but... they're not your family, we are. Your father and me. - How is Dad? - He's OK. When he's back on his feet, everything will be different. He'll be different. Yeah, it's not the first time I've heard that, and it's not even the 500th time. Come on, let's go. Chase, you can't go. It's not safe. Get off the car. Jonah needs another sacrifice. - What? - He's desperate, and we have no way to keep tabs on him, and he built another box, and he's gonna put somebody in it, and I can't let it be you. Take care of yourself, Mom. A bracelet. A circle. What do these things represent? Eternity, unity, belonging. Each week, we gather to celebrate the most important ritual to our community: The Coruscation Ceremony. And I invite each of you to join me this afternoon as we welcome yet another initiate out of the shadows and into the warmth and the safety of the Light. Today is about our family. And what better way to celebrate such an occasion than welcoming back one of our most cherished members, who has spent her time in solitude meditating and refocusing so that she can be at her best for all of you. Leslie. My church... my beloved family. In this difficult time, I have done my best to isolate myself from the noise of the outside world, to once again make myself an open conduit to the Light. And I have watched with such pride as my husband has kept our community together. I am so pleased to rejoin him and to go forth as a partnership, just as it always should have been. See you all this afternoon for the Coruscation. # If you realize I can't be... # Karolina... Didn't mean to scare you. What are you doing? Oh, I'm just... I'm practicing my powers. It's just kinda tough to do it with everybody around. Well, we practice together so we can learn to work better as a team. Yeah, I understand the point of group practices, I just prefer this. What's up? You're not being yourself. Really? Do you even know who that is anymore? Because I don't. Well, we can figure it out together, but you have to let me in. If there was anything going on, I would tell you. - Don't you trust me? - It's not about trust. Look, I understand you've been through a lot... No, you don't understand, because if you did understand, you wouldn't be so upset with me for not spending every single second with you. You're the one who's upset. Look, I'm-I'm fine with you needing space. Then why did you even come in here? I'm sorry I intruded. Um... Have fun staring at yourself in the mirror. # Little lies... # Look, Chase, um... No. I'm gonna talk now. OK. It hasn't been easy living with you, but I knew you were going through hell, and so I was trying to give you everything you needed. Yeah, I wasn't perfect, and yeah, I didn't always say the right thing, but I never would've done to you what you just did to me. But we got away, right? If I'd called Dale and Stacey... Yeah, then you would've had to have a heartbreaking conversation with your parents instead of forcing me into one with mine. I needed my meds, Chase. Yeah, and I would've helped you get them, but you cut me out of the plan. I never even thought of that. - Yeah... because you're selfish. There you guys are. Um, look, I know this isn't the time to ask for anything, but can we keep this between us? Old Lace is gonna be so relieved to see you. Where'd you guys go? She went to the hospital to get her meds, and she called my mom to sign 'em out for her. What? Sorry. I... was gonna ask your advice on something? Yeah, sure... because I'm just the NPC in the MMORPG of your lives. I didn't follow any of that, but if you're busy, I'll leave you alone. No, hold on, Karolina. My bad. Just take a seat. It's about Nico. I don't want to make you feel awkward. I-I know that you liked her, and now she and I share a bedroom above yours. OK, the awkwardness rising to dangerous levels. Sorry. It's just, you're the only other person that has experience dealing with Nico. Mm. You mean disappointing her. Yeah. Actually, that is what I mean. You kept things from her about Amy. I guess I'm just wondering if you think it would've been better if you told her the truth from the beginning, or if you hadn't told her at all. Are you keeping something from Nico? - Sorry, I shouldn't be bothering you. - No, look... All I know is that when it comes to Nico, you don't mess around with Amy. When I finally told her the truth, I lost her, and... now, I am alone with a computer and you are living with her in the bedroom right above mine. You're back. - Where's Gert? - We need to talk. Family meeting. It's about Jonah. Look at you two. More in love than ever. We have a busy day ahead, Jonah. We don't appreciate being interrupted. You wanted to see us? It's good to see you up there again. It's where you belong. It's always been your church, not Frank's. I was wrong to bring him into this. It's not gonna work this time, Jonah. She sees you for what you really are, a monster who's trying to turn our daughter against us. No, no, no, no, no, no. You did that all on your own... with your lies and your condescension, your utter blindness as to who Karolina is and what she's capable of. You're weak, Frank. You've always been weak. Why do you think Leslie and I threw you out of PRIDE in the first place? Maybe I was weak, Jonah, but not anymore. Through all of this... my love for you... has never dimmed. Are you really gonna let me die? I've made enough sacrifices in your name. You want another one? Do it yourself. My mom said he's gonna do another sacrifice, soon. - We have to stop him. - Did she say where? My parents' basement seems like L. A.'s hottest spot for all things murder-y. The way my mom was talking, I don't think PRIDE's on board with this one. At least we know this is happening at all. See? Some good came out of me calling Janet. Nice try. I can't believe you would leave Old Lace and I behind. I thought I was doing what was best for you. If one more person says they're doing what's best for me, I'm gonna lose it. Seems like you're already there, buddy. I screwed up, OK? I didn't think that I had another choice. And I didn't mean to hurt anyone... Especially you. What? Did you guys, like, break up or something? - No. - I'm moving into my own room. Yeah, um, that's probably a good idea 'cause... we're stupid teenagers, and living together after dating for, like, five minutes is... super unhealthy. Excuse me. The church. What? Jonah will do the sacrifice at the church. That's where he's been staying. How do you know that? I, um, I saw his room after I was recovering from the dig site. So, what's the plan? We just walk into the church and ask where the next sacrifice is being held? Can't be the first time they've been asked that. The weekly Coruscation Ceremony is today. Everyone will be in the worship space. The halls will be empty. Hang on. Maybe we should think about this. What's there to think about? - You know it's the right thing to do. - I'll fire up the Rolls. Karolina, this could mean the end of Jonah and a link to understanding your powers. I'd think that you'd be a little conflicted about losing him. Well, you thought wrong, because I'm not. You know, maybe Gert and Chase had the right idea. Things are a little more complicated now, and, uh... if you're feeling suffocated, then maybe you should just find another room, too. If that's what you want. Nico, Karolina, let's go! Nice. Good. Good. Back. Under. Good! Hey, I'm sorry, man. Sorry. Sorry. You been doin' extra sessions with Mayweather on the side or what? Nah, I'm just a little... little amped up today. You ever get the feeling that something's chasing you... and you just can't shake it? Yeah, my money's on you. Wanna go again? Nah, I'm gonna hit the sauna. I still gotta go back to work for a few hours before I meet Catherine. - We're having some issues. - Ah, that makes sense. If I had to go toe-to-toe with your wife, I'd be losing my shit, too. Jason! I don't pay you $70,000 a year to dry off with toilet paper, man. Where the hell are the Turkish bath towels? They don't put up with this shit in the Palisades. I-I didn't even know that you were interested in alien crypto-analysis. It's just a hobby. Can I be there when you explain to Tina that you figured all this out? Why are you here again? Oh, well... We need to find out if Jonah's ship will actually cause a massive earthquake, because if not, then all of our problems are solved, and he can just go back to wherever he came from. A whole planet of smooth-faced men in well-tailored pants. And we can use the Abstract to move mankind ahead thousands of years. That sounds too good to be true, like most of Jonah's promises. And we don't need to worry about what will happen when the ship launches because I'm gonna use the Abstract to shut it down... for good. You think you can do that? Not alone. But with Victor's help, absolutely. Oh! You'll have Victor's help... The Victor who is in a coma. Just leave it to me. Right now, I'm the only chance we've got. Oh, God. I-I'm sorry. I just... I just don't know what the right play here is. I mean, Jonah said that he knows where our kids are, and if that's true, and we don't do what he says, I'm terrified at what he might do. It's just killing me, all this uncertainty, and Gert and Molly, you know, they're strong girls, and thank God they have each other, but who knows what they're going through or how they're coping? I do. And they're fine. Gert is fine. - How... - How would you know that? Because I've seen her. What? She called me to help her sign out meds at the hospital, and I was happy to help. And, get this, I think that she and Chase are an item. Isn't that sweet? What the hell are you saying? I thought this would make you happy. Happy? That you saw my daughter and didn't tell me? I'm telling you now. Happy that you had her, and you let her go and... Why would she call you anyway? What have you ever done for anyone? You couldn't even protect your own son from his father! - Babe... - Let's go. Your journey has led you here. You have one last step to take. Now, to complete the ceremony, step into the font. Let its gentle white light envelop you. Your community is with you. Yeah. Go ahead, guys. I'll catch up with you. You're witnessing a miracle, everyone. Don't be afraid. Rejoice! - I think this is the right room. - Only one way to find out. - What do you see? - Not exactly sure. Do you see what we are capable of when we're together? - I don't think this is us. - It definitely is. This should open it up without drawing too much attention. Whoa. What the hell? What is this place? Dad? If Jonah's in that one... We've gotta get this one open. Fast. The ceremony's in its final stage. Bend to my will. Now, Molly. Holy shit. Dad! I got this. Wilder, need you to come come check this out. Think I can figure out how to get this open. Chase, we have to go. The ceremony is over. People will be coming. Wait, are you serious? We're saving Wilder's dad, but not mine? It looks like this tank is the only thing that's keeping him alive. If we mess with it, we might end up doing more harm than good. Maybe we'll come back for him. - Chase? - I had to say goodbye to both of my parents again today. I don't know how much more of this I can take. - Are you OK? - Aces. Why? What are you working on? Upgrading the Fistigons. Um... Chase, I'm sorry. How many times am I gonna have to say that? Actually, that's the first time you've said it. I've been so trapped in my own mind that it... it's kept me from seeing that you were trapped in there with me. And even with my anxiety under control, I'm terrified out here. So am I. So wouldn't it be better if we're... If we're terrified together? I'm busy. We can talk later. OK. Janet. - Am I... - Healed? I think you have been for a while. I was gonna say dreaming. Oh, my love. - What can I do to repay you? - It's fine. - You feel OK? - Yeah. Good. 'Cause we have a lot of work to do. What do you mean? I've never done anything to help our son. Or anyone. But that stops now. We're gonna shut down that ship. You've reached Geoffrey Wilder. Leave a message. If you stood me up for no good reason, I'm gonna kill you. I mean, I'm gonna be really mad. I am really mad. If... you have a good reason, and something has happened to you... call me back. Where the hell are you? Alex? You saved me? No. No, I didn't save you. I kidnapped you. Now we can call it even. What are you gonna do with me? I ask the questions. I make the rules. You're under my roof now. Sorry. I'm a little on edge. I didn't mean to wake you. So you were just gonna sneak in here and watch me sleep? Creepy. I don't know why I came in here. I've been thinking. We're living in dangerous times, and we need our rest, so... if the only way we can sleep is... together, then... maybe we should just give in. I'm really happy to hear you say that. But... you're gonna have to sleep on Old Lace's pillow. Or, you know, I mean... I can just take this gross dinosaur pillow if you're gonna be so dramatic. I've been lying to you. I know you have. I just keep burying things, and, um, I can't do it anymore. Karolina, you can tell me anything. I've been meeting with Jonah. What? At first it was just to... figure out more about my powers and what I am, but then... knowing the terrible things he did, I started to care about him. He showed me what was at the bottom of that hole... My family... beings of light that are actually like me. So then I went to my mom, because I needed to know if I could trust him and if I should be helping him free my family, not... burying them alive. Well... like, why didn't you tell me any of this? Because there's something else... and after I tell you, nothing will ever be the same, and I don't want that because I've never been this... As happy as I am now with you. Hey. Nothing is gonna change, OK? Whatever it is, we can handle it. Just tell me. Jonah. He killed Amy. Please say something. Did I do the right thing by telling you? Please tell me that I did. Yes... you did the right thing. I'm sorry, Nico. I'm so glad that this is finally over. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 