Runaways: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Runaways 
 s1e7 - Refraction - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Runaways (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Refraction - full transcript 
 At Atlas' Open House, the parents and kids are thrown together following the revelations of tha gala. But for one family, the school event is only the beginning of the drama. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously, on Marvel's Runaways... As soon as I decrypt that data, we'll have that tape, undeniable proof that our parents are killers. How'd you guess my mom's passcode? I got lucky, I guess. Really lucky. What should I do about the fact that my wife is sleeping with another man? Robert... Oh! No! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Jonah can help. Oh, he's got a cure for brain cancer? It's an experimental immunotherapy developed from the DNA of someone with an extraordinary immune system. Never felt better. I've got a new lease on life, and a beautiful wife who loves me. What more could a man want? I guess going Ultra wasn't for me. You went Ultra. You just didn't know it. Frank should have no memory of Jonah. I messed up, big time. Molly was in the basement. I think she saw everything. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 That wraps it up for today. Papers due on my desk by 3:00 p.m. tomorrow. Thank you. Dude, have you seen Reservoir Dogsyet? Oh, my God, it was so good. You know, you're watching the key to time travel. You're kidding, right? About time travel? No, that line. It's awful. That's not a line. I saw your book and took you for someone with a serious interest. My mistake. No, I'm interested... in time travel. If someone could actually figure it out, that would change everything. Well, it's happening right now. Atmospheric refraction. Causes the light from the sun to be distorted. The sun's already gone, but we still see it. So it's here and not here at the same time? Right now, we're looking backwards in time, a moment stretched beyond its normal limits. Imagine being given extra time to consider, or reconsider what you're doing, the choices that you make. We could head off wars, avoid accidents... I could not wear pink taffeta to my senior prom. Time travel's not about going back and forth. It's about staying right where we are, about positioning ourselves so that... we remain in the presence of beauty. I'm Victor. Victor Stein. Janet. Do babies yawn? Was he supposed to do that? Did you see? He's... He's... Everything. Yeah. I get it now. What everybody says. And what's that? This is the only thing that matters. Just this. How many times have I asked you to put your crap in the trunk? Sorry. Well, looks like you won. - Yeah, looks like. - What? That was the city championship. Do I need to drive you to a victory party or something? Where were you? Is that a yes or a no? We talked about it this morning. You said-- I said I would try. What do you want? Congratulations. I'm proud of you. Time'sMan of the Year? Wired'sVisionary? - Give me a break. - Stop. You don't know shit about shit. Say it again. You don't know shit about--! You don't know shit about--! Dad? Dad? I hope you get this in time. I know it's a long shot, and I could... a lot of things up. I hope you get this in time. Dad? I know it's a long shot, and I could probably screw a lot of things up. Dad? I hope you get this in time. I know it's a... could probably screw a lot of things up. I hope you get this in time. I know it's a long shot and I could probably screw a lot of things up. I just wanted to tell you I'm sorry. I'm sorry for... I'm sorry for all of it. Please, whatever you do, Dad, don't pick up the Fistigons. ...the Fistigons. Whatever you do, Dad, don't pick up the Fistigons. What are you doing in here? What does it look like I'm doing? Alex is in the shower so I'm snooping, pretending to clean up. I'm within my constitutional rights as a parent, anyway. You think Molly said something to him? That's what I'm trying to find out. Alex hasn't been right since that night. It could be a million things. Yeah. Darius, Nico... Nico? He's got a thing for her. Please. What do you know? A father knows. Also, he told me. And you didn't tell me? Tell you what? That you and Nico are a thing. Yeah, we're not a thing. So sad about her mom and dad. How's she holding up? Yeah, it was a shock to us. I can only imagine what it was like for her. Yeah, you think you know your parents. What are you guys doing in here? These clothes don't clean themselves. We wanted you to have something nice to wear for the open house tonight. Open house? You know, when we get to visit your classrooms, and see your teachers, and hear what's really going on with you. I'm familiar with the open house concept, I just-- I forgot about it, I guess. Well, if you have anything you want to fill us in on before this evening, feel free. Not... unless there's something you guys want to tell me. - We're good. - Definitely. Oh, great. Then it should be a pretty boring evening. I got that. I gotta go. Love you too, son. Okay, we are not paranoid. We need to be all up in his business until we know for sure. And then there's Molly. I've been thinking about it, but it will require Dale and Stacey keeping a secret. Yeah, that's no sure thing. Yo, Dad... Hey, Dad. Yo, Dad! Son. I didn't hear you come in. Hey, you're a little preoccupied. We have been trying to increase the Nemo battery range without decreasing the drag coefficients, which has vexed our best engineers for years. I'm not sure if I'm following all or any of this, but based on how many times you circled the last number... Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I cracked it. It wasn't hard, either. Leads me to believe I should fire every one of my engineers. - Maybe I should hire Mr. Siebey. - My physics teacher? Clearly, he's done a great job teaching you... better than I've done. I'm pretty sure the guy wore the same pair of pants for an entire semester. Sign of an uncluttered mind. I look forward to speaking with him this evening and thanking him for his inspiration. Wait, you're going to the open house? Wouldn't miss it for the world. Other than literally every other time it's happened. Yes. Yes. Yes. You're right, I've... but everything is going to be different now. - Okay? - Yeah. Yeah. Oh! Pops, when was the last time you showered? You are ripe! Um, ahem, I don't mean to interrupt this lovely father-son moment, but Chase has to head to school. And, apparently, I need to freshen up before I blow everyone's mind at the office. Looking forward to this evening, Chase! Oh, love you. - What's this evening? - Open house. He's going to that? I thought the side effects of new meds involved mild nausea and swollen ankles, not a complete personality change. What the hell kind of medicine did that guy give him? I have no idea. I'm just glad it's working. I keep waiting for the old Victor to return. Well, maybe we'll get lucky and he won't. Though that would make it harder for you to leave. If I wanted to walk out, your father has given me more than enough excuses. So, you're no longer into married software engineers with a fondness for... mandals? Robert was kind when my life was short on kindness. It was an escape, nothing more. Meanwhile, Dad was dying of a brain tumor, and you didn't notice. I feel terrible that I missed the signs, but I've suffered a long time trying to hold us all together. So, if there's a chance we can be a happy family again, I'm not gonna let anything stand in our way. Just wanted to say hi. Or bye. I won't be here when you get home from school. But I'll be there this evening. Your mother and I are a unified front when it comes to your education, even though I don't live here anymore. I love you so much, Nico. I hope you know that. I do. And I know you love Mom, too. Just talk to her. You know, apologize. I bet she'd forgive you. She knows how difficult she's been, so... I wish it was that easy. People forgive things that are much worse. You could work it out. We-- we-- we could, but it's... It's not what I want, Nico. Not anymore. What, I mean... you're, like, in love with Janet Stein? I mean, come on. Oh, my God, you're in love with Janet Stein. It's not like I planned on it, believe me. Yeah, well, good luck. Enjoy it while you still can. You were here on the first day... and you will be here on the last. You were always ready... without beginning or end, one with the universe, endless and eternal, ever with us, and we, ever with you. This is true. This is true. He's ready to see the Spectrum. When we turn the ventilator off, he may-- Don't touch anything. Frank, we weren't expecting you. Would you like to join our circle? Actually, Leslie, I need you to step aside. Trust me. You, too. Just give us a moment alone, please, thank you. What are you doing? This. Don't. Stop it! Stop! What's happening? You've been given something we all want. More time. Dad? What did you do? My new job. What the hell was that? I'm sorry to step on your moment back there, but Calvin's a friend. We're in the same men's group. He brings the best snacks. Why did Jonah give you those? He and I had a lovely chat about the church and my future there. I hope you don't have a problem with that. The problem is you have no idea what you're doing. That was a parlor trick, but it has real consequences. What if that family tells everybody that you're some kind of healer? Oh, I'm counting on it. Stuck with our families for an entire evening, acting as if everything's fine. Not my parents. My dad moves out today. Damn. Nico, I'm sorry. Doesn't make any difference if they all end up in jail anyway. Well, if there's anything that I can do... One thing. How did you know how to get into my mom's office at Wizard? And, please, just don't tell me some bullshit that her password was "password." Any chance our parents can get arrested before they talk to our teachers? Yeah, I can't say that I've been a banner student lately. Who can even think about homework? Guess we'll have a hell of a personal essay for our college applications. Isn't this adorbs! You kids planning a big double date? What do the kids do for fun these days? Is it a... escape room? Karaoke? A knitting circle? No one is planning a date. Escape room does sound sick, though. - If it means escaping from here. - Whoa, zinger! Karolina, you should sign up for the school improv troupe. Guys, we're supposed to be taking on our parents, not each other. Well, what's happening with the video data? I'm still working on it. It's harder to unlock than I thought, and now my parents are on my ass. Yeah, mine too. Do you think they know? I'm not sure how. Oh! It's okay. We can put it back together. Who cares? Who cares about a double helix! Molly, is everything okay? I screwed up, you guys. I got something to tell you. Are you kidding? I know, I panicked. Your mom is very intimidating. Well, she has the conviction rate to prove it. Now you're telling me she's been suspicious of you from the beginning. Not to mention you're responsible for only one working bathroom at Timely Coffee. If they know you saw the robes, they know you got down the staircase. Unless they wear their robes to other places, like the gym, or Whole Foods. Then again, nothing in my house has changed. In fact, it's gotten better. Except for the fact that our parents are having an affair. No, that's all over. My mom told me this morning. Well, at least I know why my parents are living in my room. Dude, I said I'm sorry. Why didn't you tell us, Molly? Why didn't you tell me? Every time I try to tell you guys stuff, you act like I'm some kid who can't be believed. It's not your fault. This is too much for us to handle, let alone someone your age. You're, like, three years older! This is why I literally tried to protect you from seeing this. We can't do this thing if we can't trust each other. I'm super honest. Yeah, Molly, maybe a little too honest sometimes. You know what? Forget it. If after all we've been through this is how it's gonna be, then I don't want anything to do with you guys! Molly, hold on! - Wow! - Right? - I have never seen anything like this. - It's amazing. I mean, he is amazing! He's also scary, and if Jonah ever finds out - that you pinched his serum... - Yeah, yeah, yeah. The guy practically handed it to me. It's like he wanted us to examine it, okay? But, yes, I agree, I would very much prefer he didn't find out. Yeah. It's truly incredible! When we synthesize DNA, we take every precaution to not stretch genetic code in such a way that it creates a toxin or a disease, but... Jonah's DNA in this serum when stretched does the opposite! It creates healing! I know, it's like a crazy malware in a computer virus. It spreads like a Belle Creme from the south of France. Aw, even after 14 straight hours, your cheese references never fail to impress. Aw! It's all for you, my love. Whoa. Oh... - You all right? - I think so. Didn't feel a thing. Sure you're okay? Oh, yeah, yeah, I'm just a little lightheaded. Must be hungry. Well, we have leftover Thai food in the fridge. - Okay. - Pad see ew? Pad see ew, too, babe! - Love you. - All right. I didn't realize we had plans. Where have you been? I was at the construction site. They delivered the drill today. So, this is what you want? To undermine my authority? You have authority because I gave it to you. This is my father's church! And it's my religion. Where were you when I gathered all these believers together? Where were you when I pulled those kids off the streets? If you think my power comes only from your teachings or your healing gloves... Ah, so that's what this is about. - What? - You're upset because I gave your husband something I've never given you. This has nothing to do with Frank. It's about my father's legacy that I have devoted my life to. The church is in the past, Leslie. You don't want to be around when it goes down. What? Your father would be so proud of everything that you've done... but you and I... have become a part of something much, much larger now. PRIDE. PRIDE is the only thing that matters. You have such a big heart. Your compassion's healed so many. Now I need you to turn it towards your friends, because they're falling apart, and you are the only one with the power to bring them back together. I need you to do that, and I need you to do it quickly. Why, is something wrong? No. Nothing's wrong. Not yet, anyway. Five, six, seven, eight. One, two, three, four. Five, six, seven, eight. One, two, three, four. Smile, ladies, show me those teeth! Carol, not you. Okay, guys, I need to see some attitude. ♪ ...show her a little swing ♪ Okay, that was terrible. Five, six, seven, eight. - Snap. - ♪ ...the bling-bling, girl ♪ There ain't nothing to do ♪ Okay, guys, point your toes, ready, go. Those are not splits. What is that? ♪ Ain't no big thing ♪ ♪ Just show her a little swing ♪ All right, cut it! Someone teach Brittany how to do an eight-count, please! Hi, Eiffel. What's up? Do I know you? Molly. Molly Hernandez. I tried out for the team, but um... I kind of didn't finish my audition. Right, you were the one menstruating during her routine. What can I say, I'm all about that blood life. I was wondering if there was a spot open. I'm really good, practicing a lot, and I just want to be a part of something, you know? Yeah. You know, we have a spot for you. - Really? - Team manager. Oh, my God, thank you so much. Like, I'm gonna be working on routines, designing uniforms? I have a lot of thoughts on athleisure trends. Yeah, it's actually more like washing towels and filling up water bottles, but, um, you're cool with that, right? I guess. Awesome. Thanks, Mia. - Molly. - Whatever. Thanks. - Yeah, thank you. - Okay. - Thanks, hon. - It's not a good job, but someone's gotta do it. Hey, you all right? I guess I deserve it, right, since I ruin everything? You don't ruin everything. We were all friends. Everything was going great. That's what I love about you, Molly. Our parents are killers, the cops are crooked, and we almost got killed by some gang members. But you see it as "everything is going great." Maybe my true super power is my positive attitude. Now you sound like a poster in my dentist's office. So does this mean you and I are still friends? Of course. We share the kind of secret that nobody else understands. Yeah. What's the fun of flying if you can't tell anyone? Or lifting a truck with your bare hands? You know, I just wish everyone else felt the same. Well, it's... I gotta go. All right. Come on. Hey, hon. I have lunch. No, no, can't eat, not now, not when there's so much science to be achieved. You do realize that Jonah's serum, if harnessed properly, could reverse the aging process. The chance to cheat death is right at our fingertips! Hah! Jesus, Dale, this is why you need to stick to decaf. Imagine the ability to live together forever, Mama Bear! Eternity with the one that I love. What could be better? Oh! That was the greatest kiss I've ever experienced. It was like this-- this-- this explosion of color, but in my mouth! Oh, shit. I love you, Stacey Yorkes. Your auburn curls, your scratchy, adorable voice, your shoes-- I mean, Crocs! What are Crocs! Crocs are a gift from God, don't you think? That drop-- you've been infected! Infected with love! - Oh, you're tripping... on Jonah. - Whoo! What? Who is at our front door right now? Oh, crap. It's the Wilders. The G-man? Invite him in! I love that big, bald teddy bear! Okay. Hello? Stacey, we need to talk to you. It's about Molly. Molly! I love Molly so much, with the little kitty cats. Hey, we should get a cat! Um, we would love to, but we're, um, deep into something over here, I mean, harmful things that you could be exposed to. Is there any way we could talk tonight at the open house? Oh, it's so hot. It's so, so hot! I've never been... Oh, yeah... if we make it. Isn't this kind of depressing? Why not just order some new stuff from Crate & Barrel? Vaughn, if you're gonna be my new assistant, there's something you need to know about me. I don't believe I agreed to that. I have a deep reverence for the church, and this area is where the history of our movement has been stored. Like-- like this. This is the first podium from the original building over on 4th Street. And those-- those-- those chairs. They lined the hallway of the intake area for 12 years. Think about all the lives that were changed while people sat in these chairs. - Whoa. - What? Shut the front door! That's a nice desk. This desk belonged to David Ellerh. This is the desk where he wrote The Book of Gibborim. - Wow. - I have to have this desk. Mark it down. Are you sure Leslie will be okay with that? Yes. Yes. Yes. I bet all of this stuff belonged to him. Mr. Dean? Are you-- Mr. Dean? - Get out! - Mr. Dean? Mr. Dean? Is something wrong? Welcome to Atlas Academy's Annual Open House. Our students and faculty have been preparing for this night for months... ...and we're all thrilled to share what we've been up to. We have student club booths for you to visit, as well as special displays throughout the campus. What's wrong with him? Allergy medicine. He's very sensitive to the antihistamines. - Honey? - The dog... Honey, please. Oh, so bright. It's all so bright. He's okay. He's fine. I am certain there is something surprising waiting for you at this year's open house. Now, for the past decade, we have been recognizing our outstanding students and their dedicated mentors... Do not even think of going to stand by him. I won't. Just please don't make this awkward. He's the one making it awkward. ...tradition, and one I look forward to greatly each year. One of my favorite aspects of this open house is the chance to experience some of the fruits of our students' scholarly and creative activity. We learn more from our students themselves... It's not like your father to miss something like this. I'm sure he'll show up. ...you will see many impressive examples of that. No, Dad, this is a straight-up assembly. You're supposed to just listen. Mr. Stein, you had a question? Will there be an opportunity to interface with the faculty this evening? I wanted to personally thank each and every one of my son's instructors. They've helped mold him into a fine young man. We welcome input from all our parents. Now, if you'll proceed to your first classrooms. Upend the patriarchy! I built it myself, using recycled oceanic waste. We're taking it to Sacramento next week. ♪ Just show her a little swing ♪ So, these are your people now? Eiffel appreciates me. Maria, fill that up. What? She's a dancer. Hydration's important. Not as important as self-respect. Everyone has to start somewhere. I'm fine. I got grit and friends, which is more than you can say. We can't let this country be run by a dictator! Don't you know your rights are being violated? What happened? You guys staged a coup? More like you abdicated. Sorry, Gert, the revolution stops for no one. Also, we thought that undermining the patriarchy was too mild a response to recent events. We're going straight at it. Yes, yes, you are. Not at the Gib booth this year? I basically was the Gib booth. Me, standing alone with my dad, while Atlas moms ask for his autograph. So, no. No Gib booth this year. Kind of looks like he's got his own booth. Oh, I knew he'd come. Hey, Dad! Hey, kiddo. - You're late! - I know, I'm sorry about that. Have you seen your mom? Okay. Look, I know things are weird, but it'll feel more normal soon. You'll stay over at our new place, and then we can have dinner, Janet, me, and you, and she is an amazing cook. You won't believe-- Dad, have you tried talking to her about all this? - Doing okay? - Mm-hmm. It would be all right if you weren't. You've always been my right hand in PRIDE. That's funny, I thought you were mine. Things always ran flawlessly because we ran them. Both of us know how to stay focused on the big picture. It's all about the forest, not the trees. You're saying my husband screwing Janet Stein is a tree. When I had to make hard decisions about Frank, the others questioned my motives, but you stood by me. I did. And I'm here now, telling you it's time to double down, not back off. I don't know if I can. I am just... I'm so angry. What if I told you Janet and Robert were ending their affair together? Would you take him back? It would mean so much to Jonah. Family is everything, isn't it? Do you think this is made with agave? Are you Stacey Yorkes all of a sudden? Well, processed sugar's the devil's jet fuel. Uh... I'm glad to hear Victor's taking care of his health. Now I need to know that you're focused on the health of your marriage. And why do you need to know that? PRIDE isn't the only thing that's happening in the world. But it's the most important. Not just for us, but for all of us. I think that you can leave the rest of humanity out of my extramarital affair, thank you. I was sad. I was lonely. So was Robert. It happened. And it's over. You'll tell him that. Unless you'd like to. Victor. - Hello. - Robert. Listen, I never got a chance to thank you. Uh... You took care of Janet when I couldn't. I appreciate that. Okay. Listen, Victor, let go. We need to meet Chase's physics teacher, remember? Oh, yeah. Oh, God. - Hey. - What? - Isn't that Gert's club? - Is it? - She was so excited about it. - Yeah. I don't know if I'll ever feel excitement again... laughter, joy. You know, if this is how I feel after just a little microdose of Jonah, I can't imagine what Victor's going through - with that massive withdrawal, right? - Yeah. Oh, great. This can't be good. - Hello, friends. - Hi. You two finally got a minute? Yeah. What do the Wilders have to talk to the Yorkes about? Must be about Molly. Text everyone to meet up. You do it. Fine. We made a mistake not coming to you first. Well, that's an understatement. But we need to move quickly if we're gonna keep it off Jonah's radar. Do you think Molly told Gert? I mean, they bicker a lot, but they're really quite close. - What about the other kids? - Does Alex know? Honestly, we don't know. But we'll handle him. Just like you will handle Molly. - Handle? - What exactly do you mean by that? We don't want to hurt her. That's the whole point. This is more of an extraction, a quarantine. Back in the day, I prepared the Hernandezes' will. This morning, I remembered something from it. No. No way. We will not do that to her. How do you think that'll make her feel? Safe. Protected. Alive. If Jonah finds out, hell, even if Tina does, there's no saying what comes next. We know the Wilders know about Molly. So, if they told the Yorkes... Then they're probably wondering if we're talking. 'Cause if Molly told me, then... You could've told all of us. We just need this goddamn thing to decrypt. What happens when it does? Have you thought about that? Well, then it's out of our hands, which I'm okay with. Yeah, me too. They did this. Exactly. They need to be held accountable for their actions. Yeah, at least you'll still have your dad. Super. Frank Dean can raise us all. Being here tonight feels totally ridiculous, like we're living fake lives or something. Yeah, well, we are... ...but shit's about to get really real. Stay in touch tonight in case anything happens. Great, thanks for calming us down. Yup, really gonna sleep well tonight. - Honey. - Frank. Hey, I didn't know you were here. Karolina's just going to meet me at the car. Hmm. Well, I thought maybe we could talk a little first. About this. Very nice to meet you. Thanks for your time, Coach. Take it easy. You've got a good kid on your hands there. What the--? On Monday, you are gonna make a public apology to my son and reinstate him to the lacrosse team. Do we have a deal? Sure, sure. Yeah? Good. Thank you. These Brentwood parents! You have to explain everything to me now, Leslie. There are bits and pieces-- I don't know if they're visions or memories. I was starting to think I was crazy, but this is not in my head. Frank, can we just talk about this at home? I'm not sure I'm going home. Who is Jonah? Jonah came to my father many years ago... confirming things that he'd been thinking about his entire life. What things? What's really possible in the world. And what is possible? Leslie, I've seen what Jonah can do. The gloves? I know that's just the beginning. Is he what David wrote about? Is he the one who saw the full Spectrum? Is he the Being? Yes. He is. And why keep that from me? No one loves the church more than me, Leslie, and I want to be a part of this. You are a part of it, a big part. But you stepped into something that was already in motion... that was so big and involved me in a way that... maybe I was... or am... ashamed of. What do you have to be ashamed of? My relationship with Jonah. Hey. Have you seen Chase? I'm all turned around here. No. No, I haven't, but I'm glad to have a minute with you. I don't understand why you're not returning my calls. Oh, come on. Robert, we both know how hard this has been. For both of us. But now that it's all out in the open, we can move forward. What? When I think about it, it was such a dumb dream. I-- I was gonna spend my life doing research on gravitational fields. Even just saying that out loud, it sounds really embarrassing. It's not! You could go back to that. No, um... I don't think I could. I'm Janet Stein now. For better or worse. Remember that vow? When he hurts you... - and Chase... - Not anymore. He's changed. But you are locked in a cycle of abuse. This is how it always goes. I appreciate that you've clearly read a number of scholarly articles and self-help books, but this situation is impossible to understand from the outside, so I'm not gonna try to explain it. I've been given an extra moment. I'm gonna take it. Goodbye, Robert. Guess I'm just gonna have to carry this with me everywhere until it's finished. Well, if you've got nothing else to do... while you wait, how about my mom's password? Don't think I've forgotten. Uh, no, I told you, I just guessed. No. No, you didn't. You knew. And you're gonna tell me how right now. Hey, Moll. What's going on? Before you say anything, please, let us just explain. Why is my stuff packed? Well, given your recent interest in your heritage and birth parents and things like that-- We thought that you might want to explore your roots just a little further. No. You have a second cousin in Montebello. Her name is Graciela, and she's so excited to have you come stay. - Very excited. - Who is Graciela? She was very close with your birth parents... Then why have I never heard of her? - Well-- - Why are you guys doing this? - You're giving me away? - Okay, that's not what's happening. - What's wrong? - They're getting rid of me! - That is not true. - Where? Why? We just thought it would be best. Best for who? Not for her. Gert, there are things going on you can't understand. Then explain it to me. You do realize this is her worst nightmare! Listen to me. This is difficult for everybody here, but we need-- No, I won't! You can't! Yes, Molly, I can. Then try it! We need a minute. You can't use your powers right here. I don't want to live somewhere else. Why are they doing this to me? Because they know you saw. We all saw. Why'd I have to say that stuff to the Wilders? It's okay. It's okay. We're gonna get you out of this. You just can't use your powers right now, or else it's all gonna be worse. No, it's not. This isthe worst! Molly, you're gonna get through this. You're the strongest out of all of us, and I'm not gonna let anything bad happen to you, not now, not ever. We're sisters. We're sisters forever, and nothing's ever gonna change that. For now, you have to go. What are you doing in here? I thought we had an agreement. What? You were never supposed to be in here without me. No, that's not... Sorry, I didn't think it was a problem. I mean, we've been working together. This is ours. Ours! That's funny. Was it your money that paid for it? Was it your work, all the long hours when no one else was interested, that brought this entire operation into existence? - This is exhausting. - What? I thought we were moving on to something else. What? What were we moving on to? Father and son, playing together at the beach? I'm an idiot. I am making you a man! But you don't want that, do you? You want to be a baby. You did it again! You tricked me into thinking you changed, but you know what, I'm done now. - What? - It would've been better if you just-- Dad. Dad, I'm sorry. Dad, don't. Dad, please. No. Please don't. Please. by LiviuBoss 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 