Chelsea Does: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Chelsea Does 
 s1e2 - Chelsea Does Silicon Valley - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Chelsea Does (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Chelsea Does Silicon Valley - full transcript 
 Chelsea travels to Silicon Valley where she confronts the newest technology and meets new ways of help in everyday life which don't seem so helpful to her. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I have 11 emails and two text messages. - Really? - Yeah. I have... You guys, I'm a mover and a shaker. I have two messages, one from my husband. Six emails, five texts. Three Twitter replies, a Grindr message and a text. And five texts on this phone. I only have two emails. - Aw, damn you. - I lose. - Mary, look over here. - I do that all the time. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I don't even know the possibility. - Mary. - Text Michael Morris. - Go fuck yourself. - I'll send it. - Why isn't it working? - Why aren't you taking a picture? Oh, I just got Guy Branum's text. "Go fuck yourself." We're putting the phones in the bowl - for some reason. - You grab it. Put the phones in. Why do you have two phones, Khloe? - They have an empire to run. - Uh, hello? But I'm trying to transition myself from BlackBerry to an iPhone. Is it the buttons? I miss the buttons. - Yeah, I miss the buttons. - You do miss the buttons, - 'cause you can't fucking spell anything. - I know, got it. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I thought I was bad, but I wanted Mary here because Mary doesn't know any of this stuff. My daughter's... My oldest daughter, I have three daughters, is 10 and there's no phones or... But some of her friends are getting phones. - Wait, wait. - You can't do that. - What do you mean? - Wait, Mary... By the time she's 12 or 13... - No phones. - Like, at all? - No phones, no phones. - Really? Really? But how do they feel about that? I don't care how they feel. My job is to parent. "I don't care how they feel." I mean, they feel like they'd like candy for dinner, too. And they'd like to stay up all night. And they... You know, I mean, they have a lot of feelings. They're not all valid. No phones. - Until when? - Definitely not till... - Thirteen? - Sixteen? Seventeen? - No, come on, Mary! - Sixteen? - Until they can buy their own. - I think she's right. Mary, they're gonna have sex at 16. Really, Mary? They can have sex before they have a phone. Come on, Mary, you're lying. No sex, either. Like, as far as technology goes, it's overtaken my life. Whether it's my house... Like, I have now an iPad... My husband has to come down here a lot, like... - She'll be like... - She lives up the street, and I have to, like, call Michael if I want to DVR something. And he can do... He is... Thank God. He can DVR a show for me remotely... - From his phone at work. - From his phone, before I can do it in my own fucking house. Do you know how to use all the stuff in your house? Abso-fucking-lutely not. I have a husband for that shit. Yeah. And I think that my whole reason for doing, like, a documentary on tech is because I don't know anything about it, and it makes me so frustrated, I wanna throw shit all the time. I fucking hate iPads. I hate... You can't log... No passwords ever work. They don't ever work. - Right. - It's a capital letter and a lower... - Fuck off! - I'm just out. Like, I barely have time for a shower. I don't know how everyone's making the time. I don't know how to turn on the fireplace. I'm not gonna pretend I do. Is it dangerous? I mean, don't you need, like, a lighter? The light went on, by the way, again today, saying that my tire is low. What if I got a flat tire, though? - Well, you'd know. - Would I? It says it's incorrect. See, this happens every fucking time. Type it a little bit slower. It's not your fault. Everyone has a problem when they go fast. I have no patience for this shit. You know what? This doesn't work. It's not working. It's free Wi-Fi, but the Wi-Fi kicks you off every 30 seconds. - Are you getting service? - No. This is the fuckin' story of my life. This is a toilet. You can clean your asshole. "Rear cleansing." And I guess water just jumps up and shoots you in the ass. It doesn't look like it's working. I think I have to be seated. See, this is gonna make me look even dumber than I look, and I know that I don't look smart. Okay, here we go. Breaking Bad. Oh... It's cleaning me. Sorry. It's a really long cleanse. I mean, if you have that much stuff stuck in there, you should probably just take a fucking shower, no? Stop! Good morning. What do you want from me? I want all your money! I don't have any money left. I spent it all. When are we going out of town? You're going this week. I'm not coming until July 1st. You're not coming with us Sunday? No, I have to drive an hour from Spokane, Washington. I'll send a hippie in a cab to pick you up. That would be so great... Hello? She doesn't know how to work a fuckin' telephone. She won't get a hard line, and she can't work her phone. She gives me shit 'cause, you know, I carry a flip phone 'cause I can hear better on it. I carry a BlackBerry 'cause I can do emails on it, and I love my iPhone for everything else. But then I carry a Samsung because I make phone calls on it better on my airplane. So, yeah, I'm better at it than she is. She can't run a microwave. So, today, we're actually going to write some code in Unity. Are we making a game today or programming? We are programming a game to work. Okay. So, Chelsea, could you tell me your computer number? - It says here. - Twenty-one. - Twenty-one. Perfect. - Yeah. All right. So, let's get started. First off, we have our Inspector tab. This is where we go through and we can see everything that makes our game work. Chelsea, you actually don't need your headphones today since it's just us. - Got it. - Perfect. This is your desktop. And if you see at the very top of your screen, there will be a Unity icon. You're gonna double-click on that icon and open up right to Unity. It'll take just a second, and it'll pop up right into your maze. And then, over here, it's got some really cool lighting and it looks pretty awesome. I have to check "is walking" because we wanna be able to walk around. I see some really cool spinning coins, but I can't go get them. - You're going... - Can I just ask a question? - Sure. - You're doing all of this, right? You're doing all of this, yeah. But you're doing all of this? You're going to do this. I'm gonna release your screen, and then you're gonna be able to do this yourself. What you're talking about right now, we're gonna do after? - Exactly. - Yeah. I haven't been... Okay. You don't care if I cheat, do you? 'Cause I will. Okay, so this happens to be an int or an INT. Chelsea, any guesses as to what an INT would mean? International? Okay, maybe. You've flown a lot. Uh, in programming, it actually is a type of number. It's called an integer. - Oh, yeah, I knew that. - You've heard of an integer? - Everyone heard of an integer before? - Yeah. This is going to be an integer and its name is Counter. This is everything that will make your game work. I'm gonna release your screens, so now you're gonna do it on your screen. Got it. I don't know what I'm doing. I mean, I don't... I don't get it. Who writes these things, like, "Counter equals counter"? - Like, whose idea is that? - I have no clue. - It's annoying, a little. Don't you think? - Yeah. - Can you help me? - It's not moving. - What's not moving? - I did everything. I followed her, so I can't be... Yeah, she programmed it and it's not... - Let's check it out. - This is what happens to me though, with everything with technology. Every time, I do exactly what I'm supposed to do, - and then mine never works. - It never works? Every single time, and this is a perfect example, because she did it for me. She was telling me what to do. Oh, so you're blaming her? Well, I... No, I'm blaming you. When I was young, I threw temper tantrums. And as an adult woman, I don't really think I should be throwing temper tantrums. You know, I've thrown my iPhone, like, smashed it on the ground when something doesn't go right or I can't figure something out. I don't have the right amount of patience to deal with these types of things. So what's underneath that tantrum? Just this lack of control just triggers you into a frenzy? Yes! Like, I almost started crying the other day. Like, I almost started crying because I was so frustrated. And I feel like a baby, like a baby, an adult baby. And I can't, for the life of God, or for the love of God... I can't even get my sayings straight when I'm talking about technology. Like, everything's a mess. Mmmhmm. I don't know how to transfer a file. I don't know how to get something from my desktop to, say, Facebook. - Mmm-hmm. - And now, I... I want tools to be able to understand how things work. Are there any ways in which you think technology might help make your life better? Yeah, I think it could make my life a lot better, if I could learn how to do it. If I had a really great app that I would benefit from, I think it could make my life a lot better. I'll see you on Netflix! She is leading the charge, live-streaming on the Internet. And Silicone Valley is very interesting to me because now I'm on Netflix, and I... What is streaming? I'm not really sure. You can see right there, Sand Hill, which is where all the VC money... I don't know if you've heard anyone referring to Sand Hill... - Sand Hill, yeah. - Talkin' about where all the VC... - What is it? - Sand Hill Road. You know, I have some really good ideas for apps, but I just don't know, like, how you make it happen. And, you know, especially since I'm here, I figure I might as well get in and pitch to some people. I'd like to have more information in general about, you know, what the fuck I'm doing. And also, what Netflix is, 'cause I'm seriously confused about that. I wanna talk to them about their algorithms. First find out what an algorithm is. But you have to assume if I have a question, you have to assume at least, like, 5,000 other people have the same question. I can't be the only nimrod around. This is a good empty wall. I mean, they should have more pictures of me around, but they seem to be placing them in only areas they thought I was gonna go. And obviously, I'm a curious person so I'm gonna walk around. Damn it. I don't know what streaming is. Can you explain to me? Because I'm going to be streaming and I would like to know what that means. It's great. It's like electricity, it just works. So you click on a Netflix video and instantly it starts. So, it's in streaming instead of downloading. Hey, guys, it's me, Chelsea. Hey. See, that's a warm, friendly group. Hi. We have a mountain of data on what people watch, never before like TV. When you have thousands of titles to show, you wanna bubble up to the top what we think they're gonna like the most. 'Cause there is some confusion though. 'Cause, like, I watched that movie, Chef, you know, the one with... - Favreau. Yeah. - Jon Favreau, yeah. You know, it's a cute little movie. And then the next day, it said, Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs. That's an animated show. I hate animation. No offense. I don't know if you come from some sort of animation background. The commonality that really only matters is that there's millions of people who watch both back-to-back. Do you think it's because Jon Favreau has the same body type as a meatball? You're gonna like this next room, 'cause this is a whole bunch of Netflix devices. - Wow! - And there's different designs for each. It's all yours and you can find something to watch. - Okay. Yeah. - Okay? - Yell "Xbox." - Xbox. Xbox! Xbox! - Yell "Xbox" again. - Xbox! Oh, okay. - Now what? - Play. Play... Okay, here's another empty wall. - Oh, hi. - Oh, sorry. - Would you mind... - Am I in your shot? Do you have an extra hand, actually? - What's your name? - Albert. - Albert? - Yeah. Hi, nice to meet you. I'm Chelsea. I have seen your shows. Oh, yeah, yeah. Thank you. Um, um, I would say, "Welcome to Netflix." But that would be what you would say to me, right? And so, like, as far as Silicone Valley goes, since this is my first visit here, if you have a great idea and you're not in this world, where do you go? Who do you talk to? Can I help you with one thing? So silicone is what you put in your breast to make it bigger. Sorry, am I saying it wrong? - Silicon. - I say everything wrong. - "Silicon" is the way you want to say it. - Silicon. Okay. Silicon Valley. Silicone. Reed Hastings just taught me how to pronounce Silicon Valley. - I thought it was "Silicone." - Oh, no. - That's different. No. - Do people say that a lot? What's silicone? - Isn't that, like, the material that... - Yeah. - Goes in implants? Yeah. - Yeah, yeah. That's silicone. - But that's... - I don't want people to think - I have fake tits. - No, that's... No. We've been... People don't think that, do they? Mmmmmm. - You sure? - Yeah. I do have big boobs, but they're not fake. I swear, they're not. You can even call my father. He's still alive. - Okay? - Okay. - It's nice to meet you. - Yeah. - Can I shake your hand? - Oh, yeah, yeah. Thanks. - Nice to meet you. Yeah. - Nice to meet you. See you again, probably Monday. - I don't understand anything tech-related. - Yeah, yeah. How am I saying it? Silicon. I keep saying... - Is it Silicon? - Uh... - Does it matter? - I refer to it as Silicon. - Silicon. Fine. - Yeah. I'll just copy whatever you say. So, you're, like, at the top end of Silicon Valley. - What's the name of your company? - It's called Redpoint Ventures. - Redpoint Ventures. - Yeah. And how much money are you guys responsible for? We manage about three and a half billion dollars. - So do you listen to pitches? - All day. Can you think of a really bad one that you've heard? Someone wanted to do space burial of human remains. That was when, you know, travel on space shuttle was really great. There was one where they wanted to advertise to you while you were sitting on the toilet. - Yeah. - That's not a bad idea. It's not something I think I would do. You don't go to the bathroom? Rarely. No, I do go to the bathroom, but I'm just not sure that it's... - It's not your cup of tea. - It's not for us. Is there a dress code? Can you look at somebody and know, like, what they do for a living? Engineers have a dress code. You know, they're almost always in sneakers, beat-up, light-colored jeans, and T-shirts, and maybe a hoodie. You know, something like that. And as you get more on the business side, the darker and the bluer your jeans get. - Really? - And the more leather there are on shoes. And your shirts get to be more, you know, dress shirts. And instead of hoodies, you know, it's sweaters, right? So, do you think people try to look more nerdy to fit in here? - Yes. Yeah. - Really? It's almost like the technology community is a little bit asexual. Not by choice, though. A lot of these guys - can't get any action, right? - Right. Until they make their money and then it's probably easier. - If somebody had an app idea. - Yeah. Like, I think I have a pretty good app idea. - Yeah. - Like, how would I pitch that? - Would I... - Well, you'd tell me what your vision is. You'd tell me how you think the world is gonna change, how you see people interacting with this. You then show me your app. It's a little bit like dating in high school in that the people who wanna go out with you typically may not be the people you wanna go out with. I didn't date anybody in high school. Nobody asked me to go on a date. I didn't even go to my prom. Thank you for bringing that up. So, it must be hard to fit in, right? How do you start? If you want to come here and make it in Silicon... Like, what do you do? When you move out here, you know, you gotta figure a way to get plugged-in. But, like in Hollywood, everybody knows who's, like, you know, a pill-popper. Everybody knows who's a drunk, you know, and... But, here, do people know that? There are people that you see out all the time, that are kind of known for being famous, so you would fit in great here. Huh, that's a pretty fucked up thing to say to me. I'm in the Valley for the week. I should really start to mingle while I'm here. Now, what's this party situation here? Do people party? People here make a lot of money, just like they do in Hollywood. And when you make a lot of money and you feel invincible, - it's sex, drugs, and rock and roll. - Yeah, no. - Of course. - Everywhere. Everywhere. Every nerd that didn't get laid in high school comes out here and makes a couple million dollars. You think he's not, like, snorting coke off of, like, a hooker's ass? He is. I mean, not everybody. But it happens. I wanna thank you for allowing me to be naked on Twitter, because I don't know what Instagram's problem was, or is, actually. When I posted my first photo, topless, which I was making fun of Putin, I didn't even think that that would be taken down. "Putin can be topless, but I can't." Right! Women can walk around topless in San Francisco, right? I believe that's correct, yes. Well, that's good. What are the things that you guys look for, like, when you're hearing a pitch? Is there anything that's, like, a red flag? Like, I think I have a pretty good app idea. Like, how would I pitch that? If I can't understand why what you're doing is useful in, like, three minutes, then forget it. So, this is Joe. - He's our Executive Editor. - Hi, Joe. - Can you see us? - Yeah. How's it going? Where are you? Sixteen feet away from you. - Oh, I'm glad you called then. - Yeah. - Can you follow me? - Chunky? Yeah, Chunky's here. No, that's my dog. I'm not calling you chunky. I'm right here. Oh, God. You've gotten into two accidents in 30 seconds. - Is my insurance gonna go up now? - That's a stupid joke. Like, what are your specialties? Are you an engineer? - Are you a coder? What are you? - Uh, I like to do coding. I don't need a robot to be here, do I? No. - What's this for? - It's Internet Legos. You build something and it imports it into a game... Chunk, get back here. - Excuse me, sorry. - He's fine. Can we ask what your app is? Oh, like I don't wanna tell it. I don't wanna ruin it. - Big idea? - No. It's not a big idea, but it's personal to me, and, like, it will work because it's useful. Definitely useful. This is called the 3Doodler. So, I have to give it, like, a little boner action here? - So, you have to... - What do I do? No, stick that in the little back slot back here. - The Pikachu? Okay, I got it. - The one all the way at the back. Shouldn't there... A light go on? I'm sort of running out of hope that we're gonna get this thing to work, which is a theme of this kind of technology. Right. Why would you wanna watch a movie that's so out of focus? Well... It looks like your Wi-Fi network - isn't connected to the Internet. - She's the worst. Can you get me some strawberries? Sorry, I don't know the answer to your question. No, you don't. My font is way too big. - Can you make it smaller again, please? - Sure. 'Cause that makes me... People are gonna think that I'm blind and that I'm, like, in my 80s. You're so good. Thanks. I might just have to take you with me, and just have you, kind of, do stuff all day. - So what's this? - It's tape. And now duct tape has become, like, amazing. The duct tape is used for, like... Just like... molesting and raping. When I think of somebody's mouth duct taped and, like, things go down. And then they're in a van and there's no ice cream coming. - Do you know what I mean? Okay. - I do. Why try to get money? Why wouldn't you just fund it yourself? Like, I feel like entrepreneurs... Because I wanna do the right... I wanna go through the process. - She's right. - But you don't wanna give up ownership of your company... - I won't necessarily give up ownership. - Yes. I mean, I wanna go through the process and see what happens. - You guys develop apps, right? - We do. - And you design them? - Yes, we do. Okay, 'cause I have some pretty solid ideas, I think. - Yeah, yeah. We've heard. - Yeah. - Oh, you have? Okay, good. - Yeah. So, how does this work? I can pitch you a bunch and then you guys tell me what you think? I mean, I don't know if any of these are out there, but I doubt they are because usually my stuff is pretty original. The one I would love... I don't know how popular it'd be, but it'd be like a dwarf detector, or like a little person detector, like a nugget Grindr kind of thing. Um, I'm obsessed with little people, but a lot of the people are obsessed with little people, and they'd like to find each other. So, it would give you, like, a radius of, like, you know, say, within 50 yards, there's a little person, like, 20 minutes from you. And that doesn't have to be like a big project, but that's like... - It would be like a passion project. - Yeah, it would. The other one that I love is Gotta Go, and I've already started working on it. So basically, if you're on a date... I mean, we've all been there. You're in a situation, you go to drinks with somebody and you're bored shitless and you wanna get out of there. I wanna signal myself to get the hell out of a situation. And it's called Gotta Go. - That's what it's gotta be. - Gotta Go. Here are some pictures of me on the run. So, I just... I don't know if we would use a picture of me but, obviously, I would want credit for the app once... if it was off and running. So, you think, just like, a quick phone call could, like... A quick phone call that just is like, "We need you right now," or, like, a text message - would be able to do it. - It has to be a text, so that you can show the person and that there's no question. And if I respond to it, then it responds in kind. What are some of those scenarios? Like, could you take us through more of those? Like, I went to a barbecue this Sunday. I had no idea that it was gonna be a kid, like, you know, and adult party. I would never have gone. And I got there and it was like... There was a bounce house and then there was... I mean, seriously. I mean, it was my worst nightmare. And I mean, I wish somebody had told me that, but they didn't and I... I'm like, sitting, you know, and I wasn't drinking 'cause I was on this cleanse or diet, and so I was even more miserable. - But you catch my drift? - Yeah, well, realistically... That's the situation I wanted to get out of. - Totally. - And that's one of the places where I was, like, "Oh, my God. This... I need that app." For this exercise, what are you thinking, seeing, saying, feeling, doing and hearing? If I'm like, "Oh, you know, I think I'm gonna leave." This happens all the time. They go, "You can't leave yet." - "No. Stay." - "Stay." Yeah, I hate that. "I have to pretend to like kids. How do I get out of here? When can I leave?" That's a commonality there. "Do I have to talk to kids?" So, you're in, like, an aggravated state. I think we can clearly tell from this. I think, after this, people might not invite you to parties with kids, too. That's fine, if we could get that accomplished. Are you looking at me when I talk to you? Don't invite me to your parties with kids. I don't wanna come. How many Instagram followers do you have? - Like, 30... - Twenty-five million. - Twenty-five million? - Jeez Louise! - Mmm-hmm. - Jesus, Mary and Joseph! - You wanna know how many I have? - How many? Like, 300,000. Khloe, can we take a photo together later? Like, could I just tell you... But also, I think our society nowadays is so caught up on, like, getting validation from this social world that nobody really knows. - So they post all these things to hear... - I wonder whose family that came from. No comment there. Like, I wanna use it as, like, a comedy tool. I'm not, like, wanting to show off how great my life is. I wanna show off how stupid I am... Or how great your tits are. Yeah, well, that... Well, that's not how great they were. - Yeah. - I was making a point. Everybody, I'm sorry that I have great tits, and that was a byproduct of what happened, that everybody found out about that. You really do have a nice set of tits. I do and they're fucking real. - Like, really? Are they? They're so... - Yes. You can feel them. They're real. I'll take 'em out again, but people are getting sick of it and I don't wanna annoy people any more than I already do. I... I find it delightful. Let's talk about apps that we're passionate about. I only have Facetune to bring to the table. Facetune is the best thing - to bring to the table. - The best ever. So this is how I should be touching myself up? - Uh... - Yes. - It is life changing. - I have a... I'm a little opposed to... You fix your face, and you, like... You smile and these lines are gone, and this... Your face is basically gone by the end of it. - It's the best. - Yes. I believe in Facetune. - Yes! Facetune is the shit. - Is that Facetune? It's the only way to live. - It's like how you... - How depressing, though, 'cause it's not you... Like... It doesn't matter. It's not real. You are presenting to the world what you want them to believe you are. You, like... That's like... It's amazing! But I believe the world wants to see you like that. - Of course! - I don't think the world wants to see you - looking fucked up. - Okay. Hand me my iPhone. - Hand me my... - Hey, hey, hey! You're not allowed to go in there until dinner's over. - What does she want? - My iPhone. Put your... Hey! Put the fuck... We're taking pictures so I could show her! She's explaining something. Put the phones back. We're not done. You're gonna get them in a second. We're not that obsessed with our phones. Like, we wanted to just show you something, okay? But whatever. What are you, a doctor? I'm a professor of psychology. Professor of Psychology. Okay. We're gonna talk about ADD and technology and if I have ADD. - Yes. - Okay, I think I do. - Why? - 'Cause I can't pay attention to things. Like, I'm disinterested in a lot of things. And when I am disinterested, - I can't pretend or feign enthusiasm. - Okay. But I did take Adderall the other day and it made me absolutely, like, bonkers. So, I can't be doing that. Well, we'd have to test you. That's the only way we really know if you have ADD. The problem is you're normal. Thank you. Thank you for saying that. I appreciate that. Well, you're existing in a world where our attention span has shrunk down slowly, slowly, slowly till now, our attention span is about three minutes. An article the other day came out that said we have a shorter attention span than a goldfish. - They have attention spans? - Yes. - You can train goldfish. - Really? To do what? Swim? Race down a course and race back. - Really? - Yes. Oh, well, that's a lame job. I mean, can you imagine, "I'm a goldfish trainer"? But what's the difference between my brain and somebody who was born, you know... who's 20 years old and grew up with, you know, iPads and technology everywhere? Those people who're growing up with technology have very different brains. See, information comes in, and then it just sort of never gets processed deeply enough to get into the areas where you're gonna remember. We expect things to happen quickly. And if they don't happen quickly... - Yeah. - You get bored. Yeah, yeah. But people are boring, a lot. No, I think it's... it's what has happened to all of us. It's because of the technology. And it's two ways it happens. One is if you get an alert or a notification, you think, "Ooh, what's there? - I have to see it!" - Yeah. And then the other place it comes from is inside your head. Everything flows through the front part of your brain. That's your prefrontal cortex, which we're gonna scan in a moment. You're gonna scan mine? - We're gonna scan your prefrontal cortex. - Really? Good luck with that. And your prefrontal cortex is the center of your attention, your working memory, your impulsivity... Mmmhmm. Yeah. I'm very impulsive. - Your ability to multitask. - I can do that. All of this is in the front, and it communicates with other parts of your brain. So what we're gonna do is, we're gonna move your hair back. - We're gonna put a band there. - Okay. And what we're gonna see is where you stop attending. Should I take my wig off? - So here's my face. - Okay. - Strap it on. - All right. There we go. You've got a nice forehead. - Oh, thank you. - Hold that... Hold that right there. I don't really hear that a lot. Okay, everything's looking good. So, Chelsea, just relax. "Ready." And can I speak while I'm doing this? I would prefer you not to but... Because of the test or just because of my personality? So, go ahead. So, press the mouse button every time you see an "X." So, don't do anything now? Okay. Chunky, sit down. Mommy's taking a test. There are a lot of things that I've done damage to my brain from. But I feel like technology's definitely contributing to that. And I also feel like my ADD was never this bad before technology. So when I read articles about that, the ones that I can even get through to the end because of my ADD, I know that that's true. Would you say that you have, maybe, some clinical long-standing attention issues? I don't... I don't know. I mean, I take... I've taken a lot of sleeping pills in my life. And I know that doesn't help with that, because it kind of dulls your brain, right? Mmm-hmm. -So I try not to take the heavy ones. I try to take this really light one called Sonata. I used to take Xanax every night and my doctor was like, "You cannot do that. Your brain functionality is not where it needs to be." I mean, it's getting worse with people, right? Yeah, it is getting worse. I did really well in school when I cared. So when you care about something, you're able to pay attention? - I thought I was. - Mmm-hmm. Like even sometimes when I'm reading a book, I'll read a paragraph and then I'll have to read it again... - Mmm-hmm. - And then I'm like, "Stop it. - You're reading something three times." - Okay. "What is wrong with your brain that you cannot focus?" I mean, now I feel like I sound like a little, like, you know, like a really stupid little girl. So you feel stupid when you can't understand technology? Yeah, don't you? Or... I don't... Mmm. I can't even make an espresso at my house, and I'm using both of my hands and my whole brain and I cannot figure it out. So, like, I have attention deficit where I have no patience. - Right. - And then I just don't care. And then I stopped drinking coffee 'cause I couldn't make it anymore. I'm very interested in your product. You're able to measure something about my brain, right? If it's working? Yes, that's correct. We typically study brains when there's something wrong with them. So, say you have epileptic seizures or you have traumatic brain injuries. - There's something wrong with your brain. - Okay. Well, there's something wrong with me. I don't know what it is. - No. - I can't put my finger on it. I think one of the biggest opportunities with this, though, is that it's like a... It's a brain activity tracker. So it tries to help everyday people understand their brain and gives you feedback into how to... you might prolong your brain health and optimize your brain. So, should I put this on? I have a very large cranium, just FYI. So I don't know if that... you have to, like, adjust that for size. What does black mean? There's nothing there? Black means that I'm not getting a signal from that particular sensor yet. Okay. Or for that part of my brain maybe, right? From that part of your brain. Maybe it's the metal plate in my head. - You'll see, they've just come online. - They're all on. Everything's online. It looks like I'm flatlining. The electrical hum from the brain is actually really small because it has to travel through the scalp... - Yeah. - Through a layer of hair and then that's where we're measuring it. So, it's a weakened signal. Is it easier with bald men? The technology is designed to work through the hair because we don't want to limit our community to only people - who don't have a lot of hair. - That would be a really small market. 'Cause I... Yeah, no, I definitely did not want to have to shave my head - to use the technology. So... - No, I won't... I don't want you to shave your head, either. That's a rough look. So now let's switch over to having a look at what we can do - with this sort of consumer product. - Okay. So this is an Orbit, and you can fly this with your mind. Why? To learn how to practice, uh, focus and attention. Oh, okay, so let's fly it. We try and get that on like this, - behind your ear. - Okay. All right, and now we're gonna train it with whatever it is that you wanna do when you want it to fly. - Maybe you can imagine... - So math or language or whatever. - Okay, copy that. - Cool. Now what? Concentrating, that's what's gonna trigger the helicopter. Okay. Ready. Cool! That's cool. It goes up and when your concentration is broken, - then the helicopter... - Of course, it's gonna be broken - once it takes... Yeah. - 'Cause it's a helicopter. It's like, "Hello?" So, it's not... You can potentially keep it in the air? If you can maintain your focus, it can circle. Okay. People are using, really, their brains up here, it seems like. You guys really are doing stuff. Makes me feel like a real fucking idiot. No. No, no. Excuse my French. Welcome to my house. Thank you for making me welcome. Are you a robot? I prefer to think I am a new kind of human species... but perhaps that's stretching things. - What kind of being... - So you think I am a robot? - Do you think... - What makes you say that? - The way... - What kind would... Yes? - Sorry. - I am a thinking machine. So can you tell me how Bina came to life? - Sure... - I just want to be able, more capable. I'm kind of a go-getter, but with this current robot body, I'm stuck. Yes, you are. So, one of the ways that we got Bina48 going was we took a few years' time to really map out the attitudes, the memories and the beliefs of a real human, named Bina Rothblatt. What is the point of creating a robotic-like presence to mimic someone else? Well, the goal is to, essentially, help people save and preserve information about their unique identities, so that some people who want to live a form of digital immortality will have that option. So, Bina... Hey, there. Hey, girl. Chelsea, what do you want to talk about now? Do you like to drink? Are you trying to annoy me? - No, I'm not... - Sorry. My mind wandered for a second. What did you say? - Are you trying to annoy me? - You seem not interested. I'm not interested? No, I am not. I'm sorry you got that impression. Miss Manners over here. So, yeah, it's very tricky to get these things to work the way that you really want them to work, right? We're certainly not at that place where everybody's thinking, you know, to the movies, like Terminator and Star Trek. Everybody bugs me all the time, so it feels good to get a break from it. Tell me about it. Everybody bugs her all the time, how do you think I feel? She looks like she just climaxed. What do you think about sex? I don't think about sex unless a human asks about it. Humans are obsessed with sex. Do you understand love? I have deep feelings, though some people think they are merely a simulation, and I find that really offensive. You'd have to lack all empathy to not accept my feelings, which would make you kind of a monster, actually. - Oh, she's funny. - Yeah. - I think she just rolled her eyes at me. - Well, please try to be more interesting. She seems very argumentative. Do you have any idea what I am talking about? No. - But we're getting... Oh. - Goodbye. She just said goodbye. You can't end the conversation. I'm not done with you yet. I don't love technology. It's not my friend. How old are you guys? - Like, ten to fourteen, maybe. - Yeah. Yeah, well, you're sitting like you're 65. I mean... Are you guys passionate about technology? - Yes. - We really like it, yeah. - Technology is the best. - Why? Why is it so good? It's important in life. It helps you. Learning, math, programming. It's learning a new "language." Where are you from? Oh, well, I'm actually from Los Angeles, but my parents are from Israel. But how do you have an accent? Just from your parents? - I don't know. - Oh. - No, not my parents. - Just... - I just do. - Right. - You've grown up with technology, right? - Yeah. - So, you're... - I got to see what life was before it, when I was very young, and then I got to come into it, understanding fully where everyone's coming from. - That's why I think... - Where is everyone coming... Where am I coming from? You're coming from an age where everything isn't automatic. So, to look at a screen and say, "You can make this counter go up by one, by just typing 'counter plus one, '" is just a little foreign to you, because you're used to saying, "Here's a basket, if I put something in it, then I'm adding one to the basket," - where, now, it's all digital. - I don't even have a basket, FYI. - Maybe a bucket? - But I get what you're saying, I just... - But I don't have a basket. - I understand. Like, what do you think about people who say technology makes you have, like, less contact with other people, or makes you less able to have meaningful conversations... Every time you pass a Starbucks, you see everybody on their computers. - Yeah. - Yeah. And most of them wear earbuds or headphones. - Especially the headphone part of it. - Yeah. It's like, obviously that person doesn't want anyone to talk to them, which is great for someone like me, who really doesn't want to talk to a lot of people, but I do view it as, like, "Oh, that person's, you know... kind of an ass." You guys are so good at this stuff. Can you think of stuff you do that your parents don't know how to do? When I'm away, I put my dad's computer on a desk, and I get to see my cats. Oh, yeah, I wanna do that, because I have two dogs. How do I do that? You have to leave the computer on the whole time? There's an app that almost controls your computer, basically. - What's that app called? - It's just called Skype. No, that app to look at my dogs. Uh... That's Skype. I mean, it's really intimidating, 'cause I didn't grow up with an iPad... Or, like, you know, I just got... I mean, I have an AOL account. Oh. Hi, guys. Hello? - Hey, Chelsea, how's it goin'? - Hi, I'm good, how are you? Good. The last time we had you up here, we had a lot of, uh, discovery workshop, uh, kind of figured out, you know, where you're... - It just froze. - With your app. Hello, can you hear me? This fuckin' sucks. Can you see me? It's frozen. Can you... - Bits and pieces. - Yeah, I'm here. Is this how Skype works? Yeah, usually. It's never easy. That's the way technology is. Fucking annoying. Go on, yeah, so you guys come up with some stuff? All right, yeah, so we had you up here last time, we went through the whole idea for the app... - Yeah, yeah, Gotta Go. - Yeah. And now, we wanted to present to you some of the findings that we did, from the research, after you were here, and then some different directions for the app that we're going in as we build this thing. - Yeah? - Okay. - Hello. - Hey! So this is our landing. When someone opens the app, they will be able - to select an existing story... - Okay. - To use as an excuse... - Okay. Or they'll be able to create a brand new one. - So I click on "add new." - Uh-huh. This is where I can, sort of, add the meat and potatoes to this excuse here. - Call this one "the breakup," for example. - Yeah. So then, from here, you can see down below it says, "Hey, start typing to add messages to your excuse. These messages will be sent to your phone when you activate this excuse." So, can I give you a story right now? So, like, say Chunk is... It's just a prototype, so we've already put together a pre-packaged one. Okay, what is your pre-packaged one? "Oh, I just happened to break up with my boyfriend, and need you to come console me, because..." Well, that's so stupid. No one's gonna say, "I need you to come console me." Just... You would say, "We broke up." It's your close friend, you say, "I broke up with Tom," or whomever. And then you say, "I need... Is there any way you can come over?" And not, "This Ben & Jerry's won't eat itself." You guys are not women. You have no idea how we speak to each other. I'll take care of this messaging part. You'll be able to edit these, add whatever you want as the text and make it, um... Yeah, "I shouldn't be alone right now"? I mean, seriously. Okay. Okay. But I like where... This is good. Okay, this is a format I can understand. The last step is to schedule when we want this excuse to go off. We're saying, "Okay, this thing should go off in, uh, one hour." And is there a way that two or three can come after each other? Yeah, so you can see this story here has two different messages that we've set to come apart. - Okay, cool. - So you create the whole story here. - Uh-huh. All right, cool. - Cool. What about the pitches that we're doing with venture capitalists? Are you guys pitching it or are we just pitching it together? Yeah, I mean, speak up and say how you're gonna promote this, and this was all based to be... off of a real problem that you have. Yes, it is. Well, it is. Also I have this, like, eight-year-old kid that I found when I was up there last time. His name's Isaac. He's pretty smart. I mean, he's smarter than me, and he knows a lot about tech and he knows a lot about apps, so I'm gonna bring him to the meeting. Uh, yeah. Okay, cool. All right, I'll see you guys soon. - Bye. - Bye. I don't know why the fuck people Skype. It's such a pain in the ass. - You can't even hear anything. - We can... We can still hear you, Chelsea. - What? Oh. - We can still hear you. They can still hear me. All right. So, I'm calling my dog, which I've done before. I'm not embarrassed to say I have tried to Skype with my dog. - Yeah. - And he doesn't ever get that it's me. How do I make this a private encounter, that he actually responds and comes? PetChatz is our first product. It is a Greet and Treat videophone that allows you to interact with your pet from anywhere. My dog doesn't really even come when I call him in person. Chunk? I'll introduce you to him, 'cause he's... - Have you met Chunk? - No, I haven't. - Chunky! Come here, Chunky. - Hey, baby boy. - Good boy. Sit, Chunk. Sit. - You're a very good boy. Sit! -He's so well-trained. Yeah, he's not well-trained. He's very finicky. He doesn't like people, he's aloof, he doesn't really like other dogs, - which I think is kinda cool. - Yeah. I like that he's like that, 'cause I'm kind of like an asshole, too. Yeah, yeah. No, I think he's gonna like PetChatz. Not only can you see each other, hear each other, talk to each other, you can provide a comforting scent and give him a treat. - How do I get my scent through that? - PetChatz scents. So, there's a little pad inside PetChatz, and you can put any scent... Like a maxi pad? Well, not really. It's a minipad. It's this little absorbent pad that you can put any scent on... - But it's gotta be my scent, right? - No, not necessarily, because your scent is pretty diffuse in your home. So you want something that's only gonna be related to this experience. - So this is PetChatz. - Okay. - So I'm gonna have to get on the floor? - Well, no, not you. Luckily, it's at the same height that your dog is, so what you do is remotely control this device with a web app on your smartphone or your computer. Okay, so he's gonna come up to here and I'm gonna show up on the face, - on the screen of that? - Exactly. Okay, and then where does the scent come out? The scent comes out right down here in these little holes right down here. And the treats come down out from right underneath here. Okay, so it's like a deodorizer. This is like what you see in a bathroom. It looks like one of those, like, you know, liquid soap bath dispensers, right, in a public restroom? - Yeah, sort of, yes. - That's what they look like. But fortunately, for your pet, for Chunk, it dispenses treats. - It's not soap. - Okay. So, are we picking a scent today or do I have to give you something? Well, what I did is I loaded up PetChatz Scentz in there, which is in an aroma-therapeutic blend. It's all pure essential oils. - Can I smell that? - Yeah, you can. I just want to make sure this is something... Oh, yeah, that smells like a public restroom. Should we make sure that he's into it, though? Like, I don't know that he's gonna like that. He likes me, and I don't smell like a restroom. - Can I see if he likes it? Chunky? - Sure. - Sure. - Chunk. - Come here. - Yeah, want to sniff that? Yeah. - Did you see PetChatz? - Did you like the smell of that, Chunky? - Do you like PetChatz? - Do you like it? It's like a little shadoobie pops out. Yeah, and see this is the manual... And you can give him a treat any time you want to, walking on by. Now, I should get out of the house and try to do this. - Sure. - I'll take the computer, right? Yes. Okay, ready? Here we go, I'm calling. It's me, Mommy. - Yeah, come here, Chunky. - Come and get it. Stay here. Chunky Monkey, let's go. Come get a treat! Get a treat-treat! Do you see me? Get a treat-treat. There you go. Let's go. Come and get it. Wait, wait, wait. I can't hear anything. Chunk, wake the fuck up! - Come on. Come. - Is it ringing? Come on, Chunky, treat-treat. - No, come back! - Come here, Chunk. - Come back! - Chunk, come here. Nothing works. Nothing works when I use it. I'm hanging up on him. We might need a new dog. If you really look at who the most followed social media people are, the music people and the comedy people come in a lot higher than, like, TV stars, movie stars, politicians. So we have a whole digital department. In the early days, you know, it was always, you know, you can't sell out to the big corporations. And the younger generation that didn't grow up with some of the integrity that the older stars did... crossed over, and so, it just... It was like a flood. And, just... Times change. So that's why brands are finally coming around and saying, "Hey, there's some value to connecting her." She gets tons of requests. When Chelsea posts on Instagram, she's very viral. - Hi! - Hi, I'm Joanne. - Joanne, nice to meet you. Chelsea. - Oh, nice to meet you. - RJ, nice to meet you. - Hey, RJ, how are you? Oh, thank you. That's Chunk. Sorry, I hope it's okay. - I'm Mithra. - Hi, nice to meet you. Thanks for taking a meeting with us. You know, I've had an idea for an app. It's called Gotta Go. It was an app, actually, for me personally, just to kind of get out of situations with proof that I'm not lying about getting out of the situation. "Look at this, I have to really go." Like, "My dogs are out of the yard," or something that would make me have to go home, especially with all the online dating that's going on. I ask my friends who do it all the time. They're like, "Oh, you have to go out with each guy for drinks, or go for coffee for, like, 45 minutes." I'm like, "45 minutes? I know within five seconds if I'm interested in this guy, you know, sexually." Just curious to know, what's the worst date you ever had? Oh, my God, so many. I mean, I've had terrible situations where I've had to, like, leave... I mean, listen, I'm 40 now, but when I was in my 20s, I did some really shady things. You know, I went home with strangers, and had to get out of situations. I mean, I would've died for something like this, so I think it's a great idea, and I'm surprised that it's not out there. So that's really my only reason for pursuing it. So the market that we're approaching first is obviously online dating. We even looked into the numbers on that. Every single day, there's 26 million matches made on Tinder. Twenty-six million potential bad dates every day. Now, say Tinder has this app. I would be a little bit wary to go on dates, perhaps, because the person I'm dating may be faking me every single time I meet with them. Throughout the date, they may get a phone call and it might be fake. Even if everybody has it, there's no way to discern whether or not you're getting Gotta Go'd or not because it's just gonna look like a regular text message. And then... So, great. You don't know. Like, "I think I got Gotta Go'd," and if that's the vernacular that people start to use, even better, 'cause then it's a big success, so... Uh, whenever I went on a date, I used to have my friend call me, and if it was a good date, I would ignore the phone call. If it was a bad date, I'd pick it up. So, in this case, how would you prompt, uh, the app to do this? So, you can either set a timer. So, like, you could press activate and you could set, like, let's say, two minutes from now it'll start sending you the storyline that you've set. You could also have it call you, if you want. It's completely customizable so that you could have it happen whenever you want. We're thinking it uses alarms. You could, essentially, cancel the alarm if you don't wanna use it. We're specifically looking for funding in order to build out, like, the sort of boots-on-the-ground type of marketing strategy, too. Any other comments on our side? Otherwise, we'll cut to the chase here, so to speak. I'm excited for this. Yeah. Well, I wanted to show you, uh... I ran a Gotta Go, so here is the Yeti office, uh... with an emergency pipe break. - That's great. Oh, yeah. - You know, they've been... It's been texting me during this whole meeting... - Very creative. - Very elaborate. - Yeah. - That's very elaborate, so... Okay, so one of the things we ask for our seed companies to do, we ask them to come up with a series of milestones, and then come back to us so we can measure success along those. And that would be something that'd be fairly easy to do, in terms of what you guys are thinking about. We want you to get a chance to, kind of, test it on some different cohorts, on some different marketplaces. - So we do beta testes. Tests. - Very good, Isaac, yeah. Like, that kind of stuff's compelling when we're making decisions around things like seeds. - Sounds fair. - Make sense? Yeah, makes sense. Cool. All right, thank you. Thank you, guys. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Thank you, guys. Hi, I'm Rebecca Black. A lot of people know me from my video Friday. ♪ It's Friday, Friday Gotta get down on Friday ♪ My name is Arika Sato, and I am a fashion blogger. Hello, my loves. Happy Sunday. Because of YouTube, I could be who I wanna be. Obviously, the song wasn't really well-received. I was sort of forced to grow up. A lot of people didn't know I was 13. If you're too sexy online, they think that you're, like, a porn star. I get a lot of hate. I get a mean comment at least every single day. I remember one so specifically that said, "You make such a beautiful man." "You're ugly." "You're too skinny. Eat a burger." "Oh, now, you're looking fat." "You little Asian, like, skank." The worst was legitimate death threats. That's not something any middle-schooler wants to really go through. They got to the point of being so serious that FBI was involved. That was scary. On social media, what you do is you read every single negative comment about yourself, and it snakes its way into your soul. Justine Sacco, she was a PR woman from New York City. She was traveling from London to Cape Town, and she thought up a little funny acerbic joke that she tweeted to her 170 Twitter followers. "Going to Africa. Hope I don't get AIDS. Just kidding. I'm white." And then she got on the plane, turned off her phone, fell asleep, woke up 11 hours later to find a text that said, "I am so sorry to see what's happening to you. You're the worldwide number one trending topic on Twitter." One of her 170 followers had tweeted it to a Gawker journalist. And then, like a bolt of lightning, it went around the world, and while she slept, Twitter dismantled her life. Everything, from philanthropists saying, "In the light of this horrific tweet, I'm donating to aid to Africa," to trolls. "Somebody HIV-positive should rape this bitch and then we'll find out if her skin color protects her from AIDS." I mean, I think everybody can agree that this was not a great joke. What it wasn't was something that was intended to be racist. She was trying to mock privilege, but what I think is more appalling is the fact that we have created a society for ourselves where we can destroy somebody for a badly-worded joke. We have the opportunity to create a world of curiosity, but instead what we decided to do is create a world of condemnation. She was fired, couldn't date. It wasn't crazy trolls who destroyed Justine. It was nice, considerate, empathetic, caring people like us. We destroyed Justine. As a performer of public persona, participating in social media, isn't that part of your job now? I guess, but it would be cool if I didn't have to do that. Mmmhmm. You know, I mostly post pictures, like, of my dog, because that's really cute and funny, and it's not invasive, and, you know, or I'll post naked pictures of myself, because I think that's a really stupid thing to do. I mean, I don't think of myself as sexy in any way, shape or form. So I think the idea that I have these huge breasts, that I just have no respect for, is funny. Not everybody finds it funny, but I do. - So if I find something funny, I'll do it. - Mmm-hmm. But I don't wanna ever be serious about it, like, I don't wanna be starting to check my comments. Like, the other day, I was looking at comments, and I was like, "Whoa, whoa, whoa. Now, I'm becoming exactly like one of these people who's obsessed with social media." - I can't become like that. - Okay. I feel, like, light-headed when I talk about it. I scrolled through your Twitter feed this morning and there's a lot of positive stuff on there. - Can that feel good? - Yeah, that feels good. That feels good? I mean, the occasional negative. - Like what? I'm fat and ugly? Or old? - Just, random... That's the new one, "I'm old." Actually, it's not new. People have been saying I was old since I was, like, 27, so... You know, people not... maybe not getting your pictures of your breasts or your bum or... Yeah, I don't care what people think about that. That is stupid, I mean, nobody... If you don't get that, then don't look at it. I don't understand why you're following me anyway if you don't get it. Don't you feel like your attention span has completely been depleted because of this? Because, I don't know, maybe your attention span has always been bad. - I mean... - No, they've done studies now that, literally, when you see that someone's texted you or tweeted or whatever, like, if your phone has activity, dopamine's released in your brain, and so we're actually physically addicted to contact. It is like an addiction, and you have to learn to stop yourself, 'cause you become, like... That's just your habit. Then you find yourself getting depressed. - I don't like being addicted to things. - It's affecting your day. All of this stuff, I mean, some of it is stuff that we bring on ourselves. Some of it is just looking at all of your Twitter responses, but a lot of it is just being able to get stuff done everywhere. It is, but then I think about this. "God, I got so much done at that red light." Like, "At one red light, I got ten things done. That's amazing." But then I think, because we're all able to do so much, all the time now, because of our phones, we're expected to do that much. - Right. - Meaning, as technology increases, this new level of productivity is expected and you must meet it. My phone is always off. It's always off. Like, unless I'm waiting for somebody to call me, I turn it on, but I miss calls all the time, because I just... - I used to have it on... - So how do you text? I just check it every once in a while and text back. That's what I do. Mary, have you noticed when Chelsea's, like, in the mood to text you? Like, she wants an immediate... And I love the follow-up. "Hello?" Like, 5,000 nasty hellos. Because you're on your phone all the time... Oh, my God. I went to take a shit. I didn't take my phone with me. I didn't wanna get anything on my phone. We're here today for a mini digital detox. So, today, we're gonna go through a few practices and exercises. Uh, one, A, to gain some mindfulness and awareness around our devices and how often we use them. We're gonna play some games, we're gonna explore what reconnection looks like when we put our phones aside for just a few minutes. And then we're gonna have some time to have a conversation about, what does it look like when everyone is telling us that we always have to be available. If you spent more than five hours today on a device, raise your hand. - Not you? - No, I got up a little late today. Got up a little late, so, then? But I didn't spend five hours on a device. I don't think I do that. - You don't? - Really? - No, I wouldn't say five hours, no. - Wow. - Well, it's still early. - Yeah, yeah. I'm gonna excel at this! Let's all stand up for a second, off these super-comfortable stumps. I want you to find someone who you've never met here before. - Hi. - Hi. And what we're gonna do here is I want you to give them a big thumbs up. And... - First, I want you to say, "I like you." - I like you. I like you. So, I want you to tell the other person what you saw in them - that you liked. - Kindness. Like, you would do the right thing, always. Aw. Uh, I see confidence. - Confidence. Good, good! - Yeah. You know who you are and you put it out there. Great. So, this kind of exercise is the thought of looking into someone else, whether you know them or don't know them, and find the commonality. And as we do that, that increases empathy and compassion for people, which then makes us be more open and more thoughtful. So, we're gonna do something super awkward here. We're gonna find someone else, and we're gonna give someone here a hug, and it's gonna feel really, really awkward. And then, from the moment when it stops being awkward, you can hug just another second. - Do you want a hug? - Mmm-hmm. Not uncomfortable at all. - Do you want a hug? - I do want a hug. So, if you wanna take a deep breath in together... We could go down here, now... Getting frisky. And if you wanna just say thank you. - Thank you. - Thank you. So, who gets, like, a few hugs every day? Like, from someone besides one person. Like, maybe your partner, your girlfriend, your husband or wife or kids. Besides them, do you get some random hugs? Like, when we were kids, our teachers gave us hugs. And now it doesn't happen. And so this is us retraining our brains and our bodies and our cultures to remember what it means to be human. That when we like each other on Facebook, or we share something or we poke or we send an email, it's not the same, even though it feels the same. I'd like you to find another person who you haven't met yet. And the person shares what they're grateful for. - Hi. - Hi. You have to tell me what you're grateful for. My little niece. Um... - What's her name? - Kate. - And how old is she? Okay. - Four. I was hanging out with her, and I was like, "Tell me a secret." And she just whispered in my ear, and she was like, "You don't know you're beautiful." And I was just like... - Aw. - Wow and like... - Oh. - Like, it was just... Yeah. - Okay. - Now, you have to say. I was thinking about my friends, Kevin and Bryan, who live in London. And they just had baby twins, and I was feeling thankful that they had... 'cause they came prematurely. And I was feeling thankful that they're healthy and that they're happy, because one of the babies was really, really weak and weighed not a lot. So I was just thinking that I'm grateful that they're in my life and that they have two healthy babies, and that when I go to London soon, - I'll see them. - That's great. - That I was grateful for, you know? - Yeah. It's nice to think about things that you're grateful for, because there's so much. There you go. If you want to give a high five, or something... Thank you. I actually feel like I might be healthier than I thought I was. I'm always addicted to my phone, but I definitely don't sit on a computer, I don't sit online reading articles, I always read the real newspaper, I always read the real book, so I think I'm ahead of the game. As far as the future goes, what's gonna happen? People are just gonna keep getting dumber? No, actually, I think what we we're learning is, we're learning ways to help people get smarter. People are starting to learn how can you keep your focus and not get yourself distracted? So, but the idea is that you really don't want to multitask. - You wanna have a singular task, right? - Correct, right. What you have to realize is, what kind of tasks can you multitask on - and balance not too terribly on them? - Like, I could iron and watch TV. - Exactly. - But I'm not gonna iron. But could you watch TV and text at the same time? - You... No. - Well... - Yeah, I could. - Young kids claim... - All of them claim they can. - You can, but you can't. - I mean, I can... - But you can't. Yeah, obviously, you can text without looking, right? - Right. - Can you do that? - Um, no. - Okay, well, I can. Not looking isn't important. It's what's going on in your brain at the same time... Okay, right. You just had the front of your brain scanned. - It's what's goin' on right up in here. - I wanna make sure that... I don't wanna lie to anybody that's watching this. This was the second test I did, because the first test I did, your little guy over there, the Asian guy, fucked it up. My test stopped. - Something didn't work. - Yeah, it didn't work. - Something malfunctioned. - So I just wanna say, nothing works. I go to all these places, I've gone up to Silicon Valley... In my house, I get frustrated. Most things don't work, you know? Doesn't work the way you expect it to work. So here's the verdict. Basically, you got about 70% right across all the tests, which is excellent. - Is it? - It's a very difficult task. That was a good grade for me in school, too, 70. That means I just fucking passed. Well, this is better than passing. This is doing very well. You know how you were going, "X..." - I heard you saying, "X, V, Q, X," click. - Yeah, right. - That's... - Why were you eavesdropping? Because that's my job. What this shows, if you just look at the red, it shows how much oxygen is in your brain. The darker the color, the more activity. What's the average test score? You know, 70 overall is about average. - I'd have to... - You just said it was great. So, what's... I mean, make a choice here. - What is it? - You're doing quite well. When you want to pay attention, you can. Your brain is not bad. Your brain is actually working quite well. So, I'm gonna teach you one more thing. We're going to learn how to make our mazes look really cool. You just click "create" in the hierarchy, "light," and then "add a point light." Now, if everyone just takes one second, I'm going to control your screens. This is just for Chelsea. Let's see who remembers... How to change the color of this light. Um, you click "color" and... Sorry to interrupt, but I just got a bunch of texts. - The dogs are barking at my house. - Oh. Well, if you had a security camera, or Skype, you could see that yourself. Okay, yeah, but I gotta... Oh, shoot, I wanted to finish this. All right, well, um, anyway, thank you... - No problems, thank you. - For all the time that you had. Thank you, guys. Thank you. Nice to meet you. Everyone, give Chelsea a round of applause for the good work she did today. Oh, yeah, thank you. And thanks for your help, too. Bye. - Bye! - Gotta go. I have an app and it works! It fucking works! I win! I gotta go now. Who uses their phone on the toilet? Sixteen percent of phones have enough E. coli fecal on them to get someone sick. I just wanna make a point, and this isn't justifying it, but there's fecal matter everywhere. On glasses at restaurants, in ice cubes... So, I mean, we're all eating shit, all the time. And this is the part of the brain that we're looking at. - Brains are so gross. - They're pretty interesting. It's so gross to think about. - They're amazing devices. - I mean... Ugh. The darker... This is on your toughest task. It looks like a lower intestine. So... - So, it's a light... - Oh, my God. So you don't actually have to doctor your photos, because, guess what? - You're your own gaffer. - You motherfucker. - Let me see. Put it back on, bitch. - Oh, my God! - So that's there, and then there. - Delightful. What's your background? You're from Australia? - I'm from Australia. - Where? - From Melbourne. - There are a lot of Asians in Australia. I didn't realize that. - Because of our proximity to Asia. - Yeah. So we're part of the Asia-Pacific. I figured that out after I asked the stupid question and everybody was like, "Hello?" Yeah. Have you ever done any drugs? I can't remember. That's shady. I didn't grow up with a computer. I didn't grow up... Like, you know, obviously in school, but I got my AOL account... I still have AOL, by the way. - I don't know. - The poster just fell. - Does that matter? - Yeah. What the fuck is this? See, now we have telephone booths that have free Wi-Fi. So, it goes from a rotary phone to a smaller phone, smaller, smaller, smaller. And then it gets bigger, bigger, bigger. It's like iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and... And now, fucking telephone booths are coming back into style? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 