Car Masters: Rust to Riches: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Car Masters: Rust to Riches 
 s2e6 - The Crow - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Car Masters: Rust to Riches (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 6 - The Crow - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Keep in mind, dude. You're walking on eggshells here. I don't want to lose this deal. Tell me about it. - Yeah. - Hey, it's Shawn. - I'm here with Mark from Gotham Garage. - How you doing? We kind of, uh, ran into a dilemma. I found a really nice Dodge Power Wagon. It's exactly what you wanted. But the problem is, the guy wants 25 grand for the truck, and we just didn't expect that. This deal is just way too lopsided. But how's that make that my problem? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The XNR trade could be a game changer for the shop. I know Mark wants this deal to go through at all costs, but if the numbers don't add up, it's not worth taking the risk, plain and simple. I thought we had a deal. I feel like you're pulling the rug over on me here a little. No, we're not trying to do anything here. We're just trying to make an even trade. That's all. Remember, we're taking a gamble with the XNR, and you're not gambling at all. You realize... I mean, there's only one of these. It's worth a lot of money. But you're gonna end up getting two solid vehicles. Yeah, I get it. I just am having a hard time wrapping my head around it right now. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Hey, Andy. It's Mark. Do you have anything that's maybe laying around your place that you might think about throwing in on top of the deal? You know, I do have this 350 Ram Jet. Not a used old Ram Jet? This thing is brand-new. It's got all the wiring, and we got a Summit racing trans on it. Is that of any interest to you at all? Now you're starting to talk our language. I think we could make this deal happen if you were to throw in the motor and trans. You know, uh, thinking it through... Let's make it happen. Cool. Well, let's do that. This may not seem like much, but a 350 Ram Jet is a great motor. It's the staple in every one of our hot rods. Shawn doesn't have to find a motor for our next build. We already have it. - Thanks, Shawn. - Okay. Take care, Andy. That was dodging a bullet, wasn't it? Let's go get a Power Wagon, like, now. Before we lose it. Yo, Steele! Yo, Steele! - What's up? - There he is. - That's Mark. - Good to see you. - How you doing? - Good, good. - Are we gonna dig for this Power Wagon? - Let's go look at it. Man, you got a whole lot of cool stuff. Oh, there it is. - There's the jewel. - That's looking good. I'm more curious about all the stuff inside of it. Looks like someone redone the bed. - I'm gonna take the shortcut. - Yeah. It's got all the handles. All the levers are there, pedals. You know what I'm really liking about it? The rear hub is wet. - Mm. - Which is a good thing. That means it's got oil in it. From what I see, this truck still has everything it was born with. It's got the original sheet metal, original gauges. It's even got the original windshield wipers on it. - So you were saying it will run, huh? - Will run. I'm pretty happy that it's all here, man. When you start seeing somebody's robbed a carburetor or something, - usually means it's a parts car... - Right. - ...not a real deal. - All right, take it easy. I know he was firm at 25 grand on the phone, and he sounded pretty serious, but I still got to try to get the best deal possible. Trying to do a deal here, you're getting all excited like a little five-year-old kid. Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. I want it. I want it. I want it now. Okay. So, it's buried in your lot. What's a realistic price you're talking here? Um, like I said on the phone, I'm at 25. That's-That's obviously a little too high. Let's be realistic. Would 21,500 do it? They're hard to find complete like this. Virtually impossible. No, we don't... We don't need to encourage Steele. I'm gonna shut him up. We got a deal. Look at that. What's going on, peoples? It's a old military truck? That is a 1947 Power Wagon. This is badass. It's awesome. So we got the Power Wagon here. Do we have a buyer or a trader, or what's the overall deal with this? We're gonna trade the Power Wagon along with the single-seat racer for a replica of a 1960 Plymouth concept car called an XNR. Plymouth XNR? It's asymmetrical. It's got a single fin. It's driver on the left. So they only made one? - Plymouth made one, yes. - Plymouth made one. - Just a concept car. - I feel like it's a cool car. - That's pretty cool-looking. - You want us to build this and the racer - for that concept car? - Exactly. We're gonna get a car potentially worth more than 150 grand. That's why it makes sense. - That's a big payday. - Yeah! - I'm on. - Yeah. Ha ha ha. Here's what I want to do. Caveman, you stay here and start prepping the Power Wagon. Ready to go! I'm gonna go to storage and get the single-seat racer. Tony and Constance, I want you guys to go meet me over at the other shop so you get started on that. Sounds like Mark is here. You guys want to help me unload the no-motor, no-seat car? I really like the name of this car, the "Old Crow Special." That sounds like a breakfast special at a little mom-and-pop restaurant. You definitely know it's a race car by the bumping in the back. I bet a lot of these old race cars were built from tractor parts. Least it's light enough for me to push by myself. - Right. - That never happens. That's good. Sweet. It's still looking good. Not in too bad of shape for a car that's from the '30s. Back in the day, these cars were put together pretty much how I do... go to the hardware store. What can I get to make a car? - It's a race car. - Yeah, that's what it is. We don't know the exact year on this car, but we do know it's from the mid to late '30s. A car like this is considered to be a prewar sprint car, kind of like the little brother to an IndyCar. Back then, they'd race these cars on any clean surface they could find. Oval tracks, dirt tracks, old fairgrounds, you name it. A lot of these race cars were literally built by their owners on farms with any parts they could find. Most of them were built with Model A and Model T Ford engines, but you might even find some with repurposed airplane engines. These guys got down and dirty and built these cars for the love of racing. So I really like the idea of keeping everything in this vintage feel. But, like, what's the overall picture? So this is like one of those builds where it's worth way more money if it's as close to, like, an original racer as possible. I want this car to feel like it just rolled off the farm race-ready in 1935. We're gonna start with the power plant. We'll squeeze in a four-banger motor that will give this race car the perfect amount of power. We'll dress that motor up full vintage, with a beehive air cleaner and custom straight exhaust coming right out the side. We'll give it a ton of vintage Gotham touches. Then we'll spray it with a gloss silver paint job which will make this race car look like a bullet flying down the track. Just keep it vintage all the way through. - Old, old. - Old. So I will check in on you guys in a little bit. Let's rip this thing apart. Look at this, quick release. Comes right off with two bolts. - Nice. - Nowadays, a modern race car will have a million dollars' worth of computerized components. Oh, sh... - Sorry. Did I get you? - That's all right. Engines, transmission, suspension... everything is just really high tech. It's crazy to think about how simple these cars used to be. It's basically a motor sitting on a frame with some metal panels covering it up. I feel like the Old Crow's just held together by a shoestring. This is like a study in the evolution of racing. Knowing where it all started, and then seeing what it eventually became. You hear the crow out there? Weird, right? When have you ever seen a crow just chilling, watching you like that? - I've never seen 'em here before. - That's what I mean. Like, it's odd. They're gathering outside now. They're rooting us on. "Yeah, get the Old Crow back on the road." There's never crows here, ever, and now we get this Old Crow... and then one crow... and two crow and three crow. - It's super creepy. - You don't say. Race people are very, very serious about superstition. Look. I'm serious. He's watching. I felt like I'm in a horror movie where this is, like, the warning... ...and it's like, we all ignore it 'cause you're like, "It's just a crow." And then we start dying off in weird situations, and the crow's always there. That sounds like a horrible way to die. - I'm aware. - Death by crow. Please don't attack me, crow. For now, little buddy, it's still the Old Crow. Nothing's changed. This is a badass truck. This thing is in amazing shape. The steel is in good shape. The body. I love this thing. The ones I've seen, I mean, you find, and they're all tore up. They're all rusted out, you know. - I mean, we got... - Are you talking to yourself? Yeah. - You having a little monologue in there? - Yeah, I'm talking to the Dodge, okay? At least it ain't giving me like you keep giving me. What's up? What do you need? I know you're busy. We got the single-seat racer and the Power Wagon that we're working on, but I've been getting a ton of emails from the 24 Hour of Lemons race. It's coming up really soon. - I completely forgot about that. - Yeah, I know. Are you willing to do a build like that, I mean, with all that's been going on? Yeah, we're busy, yeah, we got two builds going, but you know how long it's been since we wanted to do this race? - That's true. - At the end of the day, the timing couldn't be better because everybody's just run so hard that if you don't let 'em have a bit of fun, then everybody's kind of gonna get burnt out. The 24 Hour of Lemons is the wildest, most ridiculous car race on the planet. It's a super-fun, super-challenging endurance race. Basically, you're allotted $500 total to build something so outrageous and creative that people look at it and go, "How the hell did they build that?" - How long is this gonna take? - Not that long, dude. It's tear a car apart, put a roll cage in, a fire extinguisher, and call it a day. Couple hours in the morning, in the evening, a Saturday. Big deal. The great thing about this is this is a no-stress build. There's no pressure. It's just have some fun, build a crazy car, get a little creative, and refill the gas tank on the creative juices. The quickest way to build a car, Shawn, is to get a car. I don't see that being a problem. The only place to find a $500 car is at Sammy's tow yard. Why don't we head there and see what he's got? Well, get up. Let's do it. Oh, yeah. We have arrived at the lemon stand. Heh heh heh. Look at this stuff, dude. We're definitely in the right place. Sammy! What brings you around here? Car shopping. What? More? - How you doing? - How you doing? What's going on? We're in the market for a fresh lemon as cheap as possible. Well, how about this thing right here? That's not what you guys are looking for? - Not quite. - Keep walking. I got a challenge going. I want to get your frigging ugliest car here. Okay. I think I'm leaning on a gem here. A Chrysler Sebring. I don't know who tried to make a convertible roadster out of it, but... This car does run. This thing is so frigging ugly. I think this would be perfect. Come on, baby. Whoa. Oh, that's a race car right there. It sounds pretty good. Better shut it off. I don't want Sammy to think it's worth too much. I tell you what, we'll be very generous at 300. You know it's the ugliest car in the lot. No way I could do that. This car starts, runs, drives, it's got good leather seats. I part all that out, that's where we make our money. - He's working you. - He's working the crap out of me. Look. Because it's Mark, I would do 400 bucks. - Four hundred? - Four hundred bucks. - I'm gonna shake your hand before... - Before he changes his mind. Right now, I want to get this car to the new shop and get a game plan together immediately. - Now we own a fricking Sebring, dude. - Yes. We don't want to spend forever on this car, so I want the whole crew to dive in right now so we can build it quick and get it ready for the track. Heh. This is gonna be priceless. - I brought the princess. - You got the parade princess? You guys cannot be serious. A Sebring? - This is a beauty. - Tell 'em what they've won, Shawn. This is our 24 Hours of Lemons car. Yeah, the Le Mans race. - Lemons. - Lemons. It's a satire of the 24 Hour Le Mans. You take the world's ugliest car as far crazy as we possibly could get. This isn't enough? No, this isn't even close. This is just a starter kit. - That's all this is. - It's your base lemon. If you look at the front of it, it kind of looks like a shark. Picture this. 24 Hours of Lemons: Under the Sea-bring. Starfishes, sand, shark face on the front of the car, big shark tail off the back. If that's the goal, is to make it ridiculous, this is pretty much the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. Right? The good thing about this is we can have a little bit of fun and not spend a whole lot of money. Just remember, don't go crazy on this thing. Are you done? Are you done? Away with you. Go. Walk. Wsst. - Get this thing done. - Take a walk. - Just remember... - Goldilocks, stop flapping the lips. Go get me a motor for the little race car. Start stripping it before he's out of the building. While we wait for Shawn to get us a motor for the single-seat race car, we're all gonna jump on the Sebring and rip it down to the bare bones. Start in the front, work your way to the back. Just start stripping out the whole interior on the car. I'll get the grille. There we go. This Sebring needs to be a race car, so it needs to be as light as possible. Wow, it's rusted. Did you get this from the beach? - You wanna open the trash can for me? - Sure will. That's teamwork. Who had donuts and didn't share? I see three donut boxes in here. The great thing about this? My prediction is coming true. - Lookit, I got Caveman a bracelet. - That's beautiful. This is exactly what we need. Recharge the batteries and then get back to business. So basically we're halfway done with this build already. Here's the deal. Tony and Constance, I want you to wait for Shawn to get back with the motor for this single-seat racer. Caveman and I, we're gonna keep prepping on the Power Wagon. Sand this stuff down so we can get the bodywork done and get it... Try not to screw it up. All the green paint needs to go away. Look, it works for your nails, too. The body on this '47 Power Wagon is in great shape, but that's relative. It's still a '47, it still has a lot of rust patches, so we still need to smooth the body out and knock all the rust off. This truck, plus the single-seat racer are leading us to a very rare Plymouth XNR replica. In order to do that, these vehicles need to blow Andy away. I want to make sure we leave no room for error when that trade goes down. Is it time to go to the bar to get a beer now? Bar? You better get a beer from the fridge. You're not leaving here anytime soon. Da-da. - Engine... - That's a clean engine. - ...and transmission combo. - It's so little. It's a single-seat racer. Come on. I feel like I can, like, hug around the whole thing. Ha ha. - What's this out of? - This is out of an old Ranger. And not only did I get you engine and transmission, but it's already gone through it. We could just slap it in... Bada-bing, bada-bing. We're on the road, right? - That's what we need. - For under a thousand bucks. - Good job, Shawn. Way to go. - Yeah. - ♪ Let's go ♪ - Perfect. Watch your fingers. It's gonna sit in perfect. Thanks, Shawn. Shawn actually found us a great motor for this vintage race car. It's a four-cylinder Ford, and that's perfect for a build like this. Basically no vehicle, all motor, and you sitting on top. Well, we're getting pretty close to our XNR project. If it all goes how it's supposed to, it's a big deal to build this concept car. It's super exciting and everything, but we've never seen it. Seems a little risky. It's only our paychecks. Who needs paychecks? Can live off beer and Top Ramen. That's all I need to survive. I think that'll do it. And stop. Right there. - So far, pretty much fits perfect. - I mean, there's some stuff sticking out. But it's a race car. Should have stuff sticking out. It's not like this single-seat racer was intended to have this four-banger engine. To make it fit, we're gonna have to make a few modifications. We need to fabricate custom motor mounts and clearance the frame to make room for the oil filter and the fuel pump. Motor mounts are on. Getting the single-seat racer engine in that frame is kind of like getting Caveman into some of those tight bicycle shorts. You say, "No, that's not gonna fit." You don't think it's gonna fit, and it may not be pretty. There we go. But if you get it in there just right... ...it'll fit. You just got to get it in there just right. It's a race car, that's for sure. Whoosh. Whoosh! There's the old crow. - I see him. - I think he's our friend. He likes the Old Crow. He's checking in. Think it's a little weird he keeps checking in. I think we should name him. No. I think you're getting much too attached to this crow. I feel like you and George just have to bond. Oh, my God. Oh, he's gone. All right, motor and tranny are together. So what do you think? - Ready to add some gas? - Yeah. This is it. The Crow's gonna live. All right, go ahead. Ooh. Let's try it again one more time. - Ready? - Yeah. There it is! All right, that's pretty good. We got to get some gas pumping to it, but... nice. She runs. She purrs. She purrs like a crow. I got a starfish that gets glued on here. Big shell that gets glued on the middle of the hood. Caveman's finished up all the dirty work on the Power Wagon. Yeah! But the Lemons race is coming up in a couple days, so we need to take a deep dive into this shark car and go full Gotham Garage. - Arts-and-crafts time. - Yep. And then we get snack and a nap. This is how you make flowers on a cake. You have to make little dots. Okay. This is nothing new to me. I've been doing this kind of thing since I was a little kid. Being creative, making things out of whatever was laying around. Growing up, Mom only put food on the table and gave us one toy on Christmas. So if I wanted more toys, I had to go make my own toys, which was a blessing in disguise, because it made my mind work different than everyone else's. You know the best thing about it is I'm still a big kid. I'm just playing with bigger toys that are more expensive. I guess some things just never change. We took out the windshield-wiper motor. So when you turn the windshield wipers on, this motor's gonna go around in a circle, and this shark's gonna wag its tail all the way down the track. You gonna shake your tail feather, baby? Ta-da. When we're racing, just gonna be tail in your face. Lookit there, shark teeth. Oh, that's badass. We're gonna eat the competition. I cannot. Aah! Shark! Shark! How do you up a Sebring? I don't know, but we figured it out. ♪ I'll be as fast like a bullet train ♪ ♪ Crowd's in the street calling my name ♪ Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the 24 Hours of Lemons. - Wait, wait, wait! Here it comes! - I see a fin. Oh, it looks good. Right? Look at that. We got some racing to do. - Hey! - We made it. It only took us, what, ten years of thought to finally get here? Look at our race car. Who brings a Sebring to a race? - We do. - Gotham Garage. What more fun would it be and see a shark swim past you on the race track? It's fantastic. The reception from everybody... They're loving it. Everybody taking pictures of it and talking about it. That's what happens. You give us 500 bucks, we turn a Sebring into a sea creature. Racers, it's that time. - Let's go! - Go get 'em, Tony! Take your positions on the track. - Let's go racin'. - You only got to be in first place. No prisoners, buddy. And they're off! - Yeah! - Gas it! - Yeah! - Yeah! Look at that shark swimming! Waah! - Oh, he's kicking. - Yeah, Tony! Ladies and gentlemen, here they are coming off the turn. Tail's gonna go all day. The fin is our turbo. Gives us that little extra. Poo-oo-oo. - Whoo. - They're coming down the front stretch... There we go! This 24 Hours of Lemons race... It's a good release. It's a good way to get out there and forget about the stress of life, blow off a little steam, have a little fun, and then get back to business. Yeah! - Go get 'em, Mark! - Pass somebody. There he goes. Hauling ass, dude! That Sebring is such a finely-tuned, high-quality race car. I can't tell if he actually is going slow, or if that's all that Sebring has. No. Tony was going faster than that. - This is not a good sign. - He's coming in slow. It's official. We got the biggest lemon here! - No way. - Oh, it smells like it's cooked. - Ooh. - Toasty. I think this is a problem. Kind of bummed out that, you know, the car's not working, but you know what? I'm having a blast anyways. I mean, we came out here for fun. It's like a day off. - We never get days off. - We don't. Maybe we should just build a car for Lemons all the time - so we can get more days off. - Right? A bad day at the track's better than a good day at work. Always. We're closing in on the final lap with this single-seat racer. We just got all the body pieces back from the paint shop. We went with a gloss silver so this thing shines when it flies down the dirt track. - Looks so good. - Yes. Now it's down to the fine details. We want to keep this thing as vintage as possible, right down to the exposed nuts and bolts. I think as far as our goal and what this customer was looking for, this should be it. We nailed it. Check it out. We got these sweet leather buckles. Oh. Oh, well, look at you guys almost got a race car together. I'm digging the leather belts. Definitely give it that vintage race-car feel. Right? Now that we're in the final stages, I'm gonna leave Caveman to roll along by himself on the Power Wagon so that I can help them get this car to cross the finish line. Constance and I have a long-going debate about the Crow. - The Old Crow? - No, it was the Old Crow. Past tense. What do you think it should be called, Constance? - Baby Crow. - No. Ha ha ha. I honestly think just to pay homage of whoever painted it last 'cause that was obviously the last time this crazy thing went around a dirt track that we should just continue to call it the Old Crow. - Fine. - What's your favorite number, Constance? - Seven. - We'll give Constance the Number Seven, and we'll give you the Old Crow, and then everybody's happy. - Okay. - Lucky Number Seven. Lucky Number Seven. Not many people know this, but in a former life, I used to be an airbrush artist. Since Andy, the owner of the XNR, is a huge military buff... I'm gonna airbrush a vintage bomber girl on the side of the car. It's small touches like this that are gonna blow Andy away and go above and beyond his expectations. This little race car takes you back to a whole different era. Times were simpler, life was simpler, and definitely cars were simpler. From the exhaust sticking out the side to the beehive air cleaner and the vintage gauges, this car literally feels like it was teleported off a dirt track in 1935. ♪ It's the real thing ♪ But one big question still remains... does it perform as good as it looks? Now I know exactly what these old race-car drivers felt sitting in that tiny cockpit, these little goggles that really let the dust fly in anyways, you're just sitting inches off the ground, and you feel like an extension of the car. When that four-banger engine hooks up and goes... you're just flying like a missile. This car is a rush to drive. This is the absolute purest form of racing. This is where it all started. Fire it up, Caveman. Let's get this truck torn apart. Now we're focusing all of our attention on getting that XNR and cashing out. The single-seat racer is all buttoned up. Now we need to throw all of our weight behind that old Power Wagon. We have pushed all of our chips into the middle of the table, and we bet all we got on that rare Plymouth concept car. I just hope this all pays off. Make some money, baby! I want to see the show. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 