La Línea: Shadow of Narco: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 La Línea: Shadow of Narco 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 La Línea: Shadow of Narco (2020): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 A brazen act from a drug clan triggers the Spanish government to reinforce the war against drugs. An important arrest provokes more gang violence. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The search continues in La Línea, Cádiz, for eleven of the 12 people… EMERGENCY ROOM …involved in the rescue from the hospital of a suspected drug dealer on February 7th. National Police arrested two of the attackers, but the Castaña clan continues to act more brazenly than ever. Due to the recent cases of violence, the rest of the country is becoming more aware of how serious the situation is. I think there has been neglect due to the economic crisis or lack of funding. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The situation has deteriorated and the "enemy" has grown stronger and more powerful. In Campo de Gibraltar, a red line has been crossed in drug trafficking. Do you think it's normal that a narco was freed by attacking a hospital? The narcos and their workers, thousands of them, have lost all respect for authority and act with impunity. The narcos have a bigger budget than we do, and that means their resources are much better than ours. The government is well aware of this situation, and this morning, a preliminary meeting was called -for an anti-drug trafficking plan. -We need political help. This city has been abandoned for years. As the government spokeswoman has said, the government has agreed... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 INTERIOR MINISTER ...on a plan for Campo de Gibraltar, including an increase in the numbers of police and Civil Guard, as well as equipment. I think it would be fantastic if we had more people on the ground. If they're coming to help, that's always good news. A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES TASK FORCE DIVISION THE GOVERNMENT INVESTS SEVEN MILLION EUROS IN THE FIGHT AGAINST DRUG TRAFFICKING 346 OFFICERS TAKEN ON AS REINFORCEMENTS AND 112 VEHICLES PURCHASED THE SPECIAL TASK FORCE CCON-OCON SUR IS CREATED I got a call this summer, while I was on vacation, inviting me to take part in the project OCON SUR. They told me what it was all about... OCON SUR OFFICER ...what my role would be and what they were looking for. I accepted the offer straightaway and... I was looking forward to starting work. I think that if you like being on active service, it's something that's always... It's always in the back of your mind. Look, Pedro, we're at the church, and the Tonelero beach is right behind. It's a sheltered beach where the majority of the drugs come in. This is Canarias St. This is the center of hash trafficking in Europe. This is where most of it is unloaded... ATUNARA BEACH ...where most of the narcos live, you know? Here you have derelict houses alongside mansions, you know? We had to have more back up in this area... We had to set up a specialized unit... OCON SUR OFFICER ...with resources, and above all, we had to have people who knew the area. You can see the narrow alleyways. They know the distance perfectly and they run down there with the boxes of tobacco and hash. The drug lords-- I'm sure you've heard of the Castañas, right? These guys were born here, in this area. I notice many times, mainly at the courthouse door, how the suspects' families see them as heroes. How is it possible? If my mother had ever caught me with a joint, she'd have gone crazy. And you see a mother whose son has been arrested and will spend four, six or seven years in prison, treating him like a hero and applauding him. I am close to retirement, but I believe in this fight and that's why I'm here. You have to understand that this affects three countries. People think we are exaggerating, but Morocco is affected. Morocco produces and is earning money, but in the north, there is a huge security problem. There's been shoot outs, tit-for-tat shootings, because of drug trafficking. It's affecting Spain because it's the gateway to Europe, and Gibraltar and the United Kingdom as well, you know? They're affected too because the money's laundered there, they bring it in through there and they work from there too. These three countries have a moral obligation and not just Spain. I have to wear a balaclava because this area is very dangerous. We live beside the people we're investigating and they might recognize us. If we don't wear a balaclava during the searches, or with the media, we obviously couldn't do our work properly. Only now I'm beginning to realize, and it really surprises me, the... the banality of it all, the way people here commit crimes as if they weren't illegal. It's true that for some guys who are on their way up, being arrested... PUBLIC SECURITY ...or having a police record, brings them prestige. There's a boat heading towards Gibraltar. I presume it's going for a load so things are going to kick off. We've seen it coming in to San Bernardo. Two left from Marina and one from San Bernardo, towards Gibraltar. -They've unloaded already. -No, they're loading up. Things weren't violent before. Now it seems that between the gangs that are operating there, if one of them confronts the police, they get more respect. "Hey, these guys stood up to the police." Hang on, what are they doing? I'm seeing two boats. I don't know if the Civil Guard are following them. -Light it up. -Call Hawk! Look, there's another one! They're in pursuit. Nowadays, youngsters stand up to the police. OFFICER They know nothing's going to happen. The prison sentences are laughable. They're heading your way. Roger that. Alpha 10. Look at the boat. They're here! They just crossed the border. Are they unloading? Nowadays, these criminals are 20 years old, drugged up to the eyeballs... ALGECIRAS CUSTOMS ...and they respect nothing. -They've loaded. -Where? Careful! I almost ran him over. From our point of view, it's a bit frustrating. They know that if they're caught smuggling tobacco, they'll only get a fine, if anything. If it's drug trafficking, the prison time is very short, which means that it's worth it to get involved in all this. Let's go! Open the door! Police! What did you throw away? Face the wall. LA LÍNEA POLICE STATION The most important operation we've had in the last six months... CHIEF OF POLICE LA LÍNEA ...has been the arrest of Antonio Tejón Carrasco. He's the main leader of the Castaña clan. The alter ego of this whole organization for all the relatives and neighbors working for them is Pablo Escobar. HEAD OF ORGANIZED CRIME They're seen as benefactors... PABLO ESCOBAR giving the kids a chance to earn money, a way out of social exclusion, helping them to find a job, etc. CHIEF OF POLICE We always have to focus on the organization's weaknesses and on the people involved. In Antonio's case, despite being involved in criminal activity, he was very involved with his children and the woman he was having a relationship with. Only three or four people had the information, the others taking part in the operation had no idea who they were going to arrest. The information we had was usually about when he was spending time in La Línea, and the different houses where he could be. We had about six or seven different addresses where he could be living. When we were sure of the location for that particular night, we set up an emergency operation. He had no time to react. Before he even realized it he'd been arrested, handcuffed and was on his way to the car. HEAD OF CASTAÑA CLAN Don't film me. Why are you doing that? Please don't film me. Antonio's arrest is important because it erases any feeling of impunity and it sends a clear message to other organizations that, no matter how powerful they think they are, or how influential in the drug trafficking business, their days are numbered. We're coming for them full force. After Antonio's arrest, there was a vacuum in the leadership of the Castañas clan. That was positive for us because a lack of leadership leads to precipitated decisions and that inevitably leads to mistakes. If you want to film me, do it properly. We are still learning the details about the arrest of one of the most wanted drug traffickers in the country. He is the boss of an illegal empire. His fortune is estimated to be in excess of 60 million euros, which could be buried in hideaways. His brother, now in charge of the business, is the number one target in the fight against drug trafficking. AFTER ANTONIO'S ARREST, THE CLANS BECOME MORE VIOLENT AMONG THEMSELVES AND WITH THE POLICE It's difficult for these gang members... ANTI-DRUG DISTRICT PROSECUTOR ...to accept defeat or be arrested, so they're angry and have become more violent. -We need back up. -Location? They're shooting at us. They shot at colleagues when they were checking a warehouse on the outskirts of the city. We were called out to a shooting, and when we arrived, we could hear the shots. It's okay to be scared, but you're coming out now, okay? Come out, please, with your hands up. I'm the team's negotiator, so once the perimeter was cordoned off, we began the negotiation which lasted for two and a half hours. -Burdeos! -Yeah? -Are you going to behave like a man? -Say again? Are you going to behave like a man? Of course I am. I'm asking you the same thing. -Make no mistakes, we're-- -We thought you were burglars. -We thought you were burglars. -Okay. I know. It could be a mistake. -We didn't know you were coming. -Okay. There's been a lot of pressure from the security forces. There have been more robberies. The gangs are pretending to be police to steal from other dealers. Bring out the first one. They're known as "paleros" and they carry out "transfers. They attack places where the drugs are kept, with the intention of stealing the drugs and selling it themselves. -Okay. -I swear, officer. -We haven't taken anything. -Calm down. I swear, officer, we didn't know it was you. The thieves wear police vests, they have sirens, and they raid the warehouses as if it were a genuine police raid. They presume there won't be any resistance. Sometimes, there may be a shoot out with the police or the Civil Guard. Forgive us. Forgive us, officers. -Wait here, okay? -Anybody else? Are you the last one? They pretend to be police or Civil Guard and that's dangerous for us because no one knows who's police and they don't trust us when we intervene. What's happening is unthinkable. They're shooting at us. They're defending the drugs, their boss, with such violence that we really don't know where it will all end. They defend their merchandise with high-caliber weapons. We're talking about AK-47s, Kalashnikov... That type of 7mm caliber ammunition cuts through our vests like butter. These situations are critical and I believe that if it doesn't stop, it could end in tragedy. Fifty-fifty calling Z10. Attention! Group of people carrying a boat. Running behind the church. -What did he say? Running where? -Carrying a boat. Who can back them up? Alpha 30. There they are. I've been a witness to how fellow police officers patrolling in their vehicles and doing their job, how they are insulted and how they are heckled when they're trying to identify a suspect on the street. Look at them. -Stop. -Behind the church. They're taking it behind the church. -Stop right here. -Everyone against the wall. Most of the people in La Línea are not happy with us. When we intervene, for example, they're all over us... PUBLIC SECURITY ...and they stand up for their own because that's what they do here. These national guys are heavy-handed. Up to 50% or 60% of the population make their living from this, and they've been passing it on from fathers to sons, 50, 60, 70 years. Hands where I can see them, gentlemen. They're constantly trying to provoke us and to get headlines like, "Police come out with guns blazing," but there's often an underlying situation we're putting up with. Face the wall. Shame on you! Greens and nationals. Our families are concerned, naturally, because they watch the news. The news is always like, "Police attacked with Molotov cocktails," "National Police attacked with stones," "National Police injured." There has been an increase in violence and insecurity in Campo de Gibraltar. The latest incident leaving nine Civil Guard officers injured. They were attacked by 40 people armed with sticks and stones. It's a hostile environment for the fight against drug trafficking. It's the only income for many in an area with the highest unemployment. You could get a flowerpot thrown at you at any time and you don't know who's responsible... LIEUTENANT CIVIL GUARD ...and you can get badly hurt. You need to be careful right now. This area is dangerous. There's a lot of people. Putting up with people throwing stones at you, and insulting you... I always remember what my father told me, "They're not against you. They're against your uniform." So, I don't take it personally. I'm coming. In our day-to-day, our families are always waiting for us at home. They know you're out there and you're vulnerable. They're always saying, "Be careful. Look after yourself. We're here waiting. We love you." You always try to be as careful as possible at work. This is the last one. Let's go. The other main entry point for drugs is the Gibraltar Strait. The drug boats are now part of the Cádiz coastline, and are unafraid of the police. The latest clashes with the Civil Guard have led to many officers requesting new postings, correct? The clans used to be more peaceful, more relaxed. They didn't steal off each other, there wasn't so much jealousy. We were able to work without much interference. But they started shooting on the beach. There's robberies, deaths and other stuff involving the police and Civil Guard, and more people trying to make a living from the same thing. MAN WOUNDED IN LA LÍNEA IN SHOOTING BETWEEN CLANS SIX HEAVILY-ARMED MOROCCANS INVOLVED IN LATEST DRUG TRANSFER ON THE ISLAND A TON OF HASH SEIZED IN LA LÍNEA DURING A TRANSFER BETWEEN NARCOS DRUG TRANSFERS: NARCOS WHO STEAL FROM NARCOS TELL ALL ALGECIRAS PORT What do we have here? A different type of drug trafficking? This is the Champions League of drug trafficking. This is the gateway for cocaine from America to Europe. Look at all those containers, -and in all of those containers... -How many kilos are we talking about? They're using the hash routes to bring in cocaine. If the security for a stash of hash is tight, imagine what it's like for cocaine. It's five times tighter. To be viable, you need a large quantity of hash, but 200 kg of coke is four bags. We haven't intercepted any boats yet, but it won't take them long to try out new routes. -What a city. -It's a world of its own. -It is indeed. -A world of its own. LA BAJADILLA NEIGHBORHOOD We got an emergency call about a fight in a house, a disturbance, and it ended up with a guy armed with a knife escaping, and our officers had to go after him. They were able to catch him about 700 meters away, and they had to use force because he was resisting arrest. He had to be sedated by the medics. The neighbors told us the guy was jumping from car to car. He was high as a kite. They got him near the supermarket. Five officers were trying to subdue him. -He was up to here in coke. -Up to here. He was in such a state they had to take him to hospital and sedate him. When we got to the house, the first thing that surprised us was the amount of cash on the floor in the entrance hall, and inside the house-- The door was open, and there was more cash and a trail of blood all around the house. Besides the money, the rooms were full of smaller packages than what we're used to with hash, but, later on, the UDYCO told us they were packages of cocaine. So, we cordoned off the area. You move out fast and you seal the area so that the scene can be inspected, the biological evidence is collected, as well as fingerprints and so on. It's a coke warehouse. Take a look. You can see it from the door. -Really? -There are loads of packages. -That's great. -At least 40 or 50. Yeah? Fuck me. What really got our attention was when our colleague notified the judge and we were not allowed to search the house. The judge insisted we couldn't carry out a search. We had already gone into the house, according to her, by accident, and we were allowed to seal the area, but a search was not authorized. We refused to carry out a search without authorization, in order to respect the judicial process and to protect any evidence we'd find. THE JUDGE REFUSES TO AUTHORIZE A SEARCH OF THE PREMISES THE POLICE ARE UNABLE TO RECOVER EVIDENCE WHICH MAY INCRIMINATE THE SUSPECT She's refusing because it's an accidental discovery. -Authorization is denied? -Yeah, because it's accidental. -The cocaine is in plain view. -It's still denied. Incredible. When you are seeing something from the street inside a house... with a lot of drugs, which looks like cocaine... and a lot of cash, and you can't search the house, and do your work correctly and with all the guarantees the law allows, you feel frustrated... to say the least. I won't say more. Fuck me. You might be a judge and whatever... There's not enough evidence? What more do you want? What more does she want? You get evidence, you're constantly pushing your people, following procedure... The street patrols risking their lives. Submachine guns, raids, sealing the scene, and then you explain everything to the judge, everything we've got. We have traces, narco tests, we do an inspection, back it up with a photographic report, -and the judge turns it down-- -So what does she want from us? -Fuck all. -What does she want us to do? Leave? -She doesn't want us to work. -We leave it here and go away. Is that what she wants us to do? We don't understand the district court. We have to deal with and work with them every day. Those overseeing the investigations, we're giving them all this evidence, we're their eyes, ears, hands, and they refuse to follow up an investigation that's fundamental to prove unlawful behavior. So, with this in mind, we turned to the anti-drug prosecutor, the only option open to us. Lately, the Prosecutor's Office has been working much closer to the investigation, helping with the inquiries, and, as a result, we have a much closer relationship. They have your private number. They call you when they need help. Okay. Fine, talk to the judge there, because they can cover it. I'll talk to them now. When someone is arrested by the police with enough evidence, they go before the judge. That's when the judge has to decide. The police might consider the evidence to be strong, but the judge may think the evidence is not strong enough to remand a suspect. Each specific case and each circumstance has to be taken into consideration, to understand the police, the judge and even the prosecutors. THE POLICE, WITH THE PROSECUTOR'S CONSENT, SEARCH THE HOUSE Are you wearing a vest? -Are you wearing one? -No, I'm not. Are you? We should put on a vest. We're in a cocaine warehouse. Just in case. Police! Clear. Okay. Clear. There's coke everywhere. Fuck. Fuck me. -They're full? -Full. Two full boxes. This... Okay. Let's go. Clear. All clear. There are two boxes in the bedroom. Full of cocaine. About 50 or 60 kilos. It's a small apartment. -Will we start with the money? -Yeah. Okay? Two, three, four, five... 28, 29... -Say it. -A cardboard box with eight kilos and a Tanita. A precision weighing scale. -Four more in the hall. -Four more. -More? -Hang on. There are 100 kilos here at least. -Can you record this? -Yeah. Eighteen. Nineteen. Twenty. There's more here. Put them in this box. Twelve. ...all the money they were carrying. The police have arrested a man in Algeciras, found with stab injuries following a brawl in the street. In a follow-up to the inquiry, officers discovered a large quantity of cocaine in a residence connected to the incident. The incident occurred on Isaac Albéniz St. LAWYER Police were alerted by a phone call from an eyewitness. When the officers arrived at the scene, they discovered the individual with stab wounds on the street. He was transferred to Punta Europa hospital in La Línea. The investigation is ongoing. LAWYER I never ask if they've done it or not, if they're guilty or not. I don't ask. I'm only interested in the facts, the police report. -What's going on? -Have a seat. What's up? What we call "in flagrante delicto," so you can understand, is a crime that's being committed right now. You can see it happening. 160 kilos of cocaine in his house. The police raided his house and affirm it's an in flagrante delicto, and once I read the report, I disagreed with that. He's been arrested for resisting arrest. He was supposedly creating a scene, whatever, he was not cooperating, and he was arrested. Following the arrest, a house was raided, and when they found out who the owner was, it coincided with the suspect who had been arrested. Our client was not arrested in the house. -He wasn't arrested in the house? -No, he was outside. THE POLICE SEIZE A TOTAL OF 166 KILOS OF COCAINE AND 26,000 EUROS IN CASH THE STREET VALUE OF THE COCAINE COULD BE AS HIGH AS SIX MILLION EUROS Okay. Jorge? I'm going to the hearing, okay? I never have second thoughts when I'm doing my work. I mean, if someone can walk free thanks to my work, that's something I'm proud of. If I had second thoughts about who I'm helping to walk free, I wouldn't be a good lawyer. I see this as a kind of game and these are the rules. The police arrest people, the prosecutor accuses, I defend, and the judge imparts justice. It wouldn't make sense for the Civil Guard or the prosecutors or the judges to be annoyed at a lawyer for doing their job. We have a very professional relationship with lawyers. There's the usual cut and thrust between the lawyer who's defending his client's rights and the prosecutors who are defending the State's interests. THE LAWYER CLAIMS THAT THE SEARCH WAS CARRIED OUT WITHOUT A WARRANT THE JUDGE DISMISSED THE SEARCH AND THE SUSPECT WAS CLEARED OF ALL CHARGES -Hey! -I was waiting for you. -What's up? -How did it go this morning? -How did it go? He was released. -Really? Well done. -Well done. -Right? -So it ended up like we thought. -Amazing. -That's great. -The truth is it was... -It was complicated. It felt great. -That's great. I'm happy for you. What helped me out was the article that came out in the newspaper. It's true he was arrested away from the house. -There was no search warrant, right? -None. No warrant. No evidence that... There was no evidence that a warrant had been requested and was denied. It was registered as in flagrante delicto. When they told the guy he was free to go, he couldn't believe it. "Are you fucking kidding me? Is this on camera?" The guy was amazed. I told him he was probably going straight to prison. In the end, the release papers came and he walked. The judge not only let him out but the case was dismissed. She dismissed the case? If the suspect himself couldn't believe it, you can imagine how the police felt after all the work involved, and a seizure of that caliber. That's the message you're giving other organizations. Impunity. He was delighted, in tears, hugging me... -He thought he was going to prison. -The family were there too. He was... -He was going to prison. -It's hard to imagine. Of course, he saw himself in prison. And... He broke down after that. The initial reaction was total joy -but then the stress of it all. -The important thing is he's out. -You can't put a price on that. -We'll see what happens now. It's a court ruling so you have to respect that. I think that... what I'm saying speaks for itself, right? From our point of view, how do you think we feel? THE OCON UNIT HEADS TO THE OUTSKIRTS OF LA LÍNEA TO CARRY OUT A SURPRISE RAID ON A WAREHOUSE It's a mixture of uncertainty and nerves. You have an adrenaline rush. The first thing we do before raiding a house... The first people to go in are the uniformed officers. When we raid these houses, more often than not, we're finding firearms used for their own protection. Rifles, submachine guns, weapons with a much higher caliber than any Civil Guard or Public Security unit. To prevent anyone escaping or destroying evidence, we use force to enter the house. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 