La Línea: Shadow of Narco: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 La Línea: Shadow of Narco 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 La Línea: Shadow of Narco (2020): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 An ex-smuggler recounts how she ended up on the wrong side of the law. A flamenco performance in the heart of La Línea shows another facet of the town. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 COCAINE WAREHOUSE 20 KM FROM LA LÍNEA Seeing as they're unemployed, and don't have a livelihood, they have to make a living for their families and homes, and the easiest way to do that is by trafficking drugs. Civil Guard! Those families know that their son, nephew or brother is doing something wrong, but it's something wrong that's good for the family. I think that's why they're seen as heroes. They're earning so much money 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 that not only can they maintain their families, but they also have enough for their habits and for a lavish lifestyle. The Campo de Gibraltar area is badly affected by drug trafficking. It's become part of their way of life, of their culture. I think that policing, in itself, is not going to put an end to this. A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES Okay, he said to start the search from here. Searching my house? Unbelievable! Do you have a search warrant? I told you we had one. We gave you the search warrant. The narcos' lifestyle is peculiar, to say the least. They boast about having a great life... OCON SUR OFFICER ...but up close, it's far from glamorous. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You feel like you're in a slum. We see that when we're carrying out house searches. -So who's going to tidy this all up? -Tidy it up? That's why I'm saying if you tell us where it is, we'll stop looking. You see this? It's a sniper suit, for camouflage. Crime always has its origins in different types of situations. Situations like unemployment, lack of education... It's so important to educate people, and create a work ethic, an ethic which allows people to believe that their goals can be achieved through work. If that type of motivation doesn't exist, that kid ends up on the street, and will look for another way out. Organized crime, specifically, has that power. They have money, a good image, flashy cars... They know how to make an impression on youngsters. They use these methods to groom them, to get them to work for them, to be lookouts, mules... If I was a kid from here, I would see that from a certain age it's normal to be a lookout, and after I've been a lookout... OCON SUR OFFICER ...I start unloading drugs from the boats, and I start moving up the ladder. You can see that's the mindset in this area. My nephew hasn't left anything here for a long time. -Hasn't left anything. Nothing put away? -I don't think so. You don't think so. Let's speed this up. Where does he keep it? -Take us to it. -I don't know. -Do you have the key? -He has it. I don't have it. -It's his key. -There's no need for this if you say, "My nephew keeps it here and here." This is all he has here. I often think it's very unfair, you know? My family works hard, like anyone's family, the way they struggle to make ends meet. Then you have these guys who are making money so fast and easy. For me, that's not the saddest thing. The worst part is that they don't appreciate the money. -They don't care. -Six 500 bills. Honest people, let's say, get up at 6:00 a.m. and go to bed at 7:00 p.m. after working hard all day, to bring home 1,000 euros. They can see that their neighbor does nothing or works for four nights, and is taking home 7,000 euros. It's the kid's phone. We're taking it. You're not going to unlock the phone, right? No. Because you don't know how or you don't want to? You don't know. Why do you have a BQ mobile up there? -We took if off the kid. -You keep it safe up there, right? You know that BQ phones are encrypted. You don't know which of the two desktops is the good one, right? -I don't know. -Okay. -Hang on. Open that up for me. -They're blanks. -They're blanks, right? -Yeah. Three blanks, right? -It has to have the triangle inside. -No, they've been converted. When we go into these houses, we're beginning to find more firearms used for self-defense. Security for themselves and their families in case any clan wants to break in or settle a score in their house. What used to happen is that they would break into your home. Now, the organization sets up surveillance, waits for you to leave the house, waits for somewhere that's convenient and if they want to kill you, they do it on the street. There's no need to break into your home. On a bike? Walking? -That way, to the right. -Okay. Hang on. The van won't let you. THE POLICE GET A CALL ABOUT A POSSIBLE STABBING OF A POLICE OFFICER. THE SUSPECT FLEES THE SCENE. It was confusion. "He's wounded. Call an ambulance!" ORGANIZED CRIME UNIT Here we are. -Do I switch it off? -Yeah. We didn't know at the time if a colleague had been wounded. It was very stressful. Luckily, we got more information and we heard the wounded man was a civilian and relaxed a bit. When we got to the scene, a colleague was pressing down on the wound, another one on the chest... All you can do is give orders, find witnesses... ORGANIZED CRIME UNIT ...identify people who saw it, and you start looking for someone who has stabbed someone else. -There's one here. -Slim man in a balaclava. Armed. What? Slim with a balaclava? Wearing a gray tracksuit, an Adidas sweatshirt. We'll send you a photo in a minute. There's no one here. -They're not ours are they? -No. Ask them if they've seen... Excuse me, have you seen a slim guy in a gray tracksuit and an Adidas sweatshirt? No, we saw a guy with a red T-shirt. Red. How long ago, more or less? We concentrated on identifying the culprit interviewing bystanders in the area and we were able to identify him. We went looking for him where we thought he might be. LA BAJADILLA NEIGHBORHOOD ALGECIRAS What we had to do next was go into a local neighborhood in Algeciras... ALGECIRAS - LA LÍNEA - GIBRALTAR ...where no one is expecting you and no one wants you. Some people respect you and your work, but others, once they see you, they're hostile and refuse to collaborate. They all know each other and help each other out. If the suspect is not at home, they'll be in a relative's or friend's house They won't make it easy for you. HEAD OF ORGANIZED CRIME No, he was taken to hospital. Stab wounds in the neck and stomach. Okay? We don't have the weapon. Anything on the weapon? -No. -Ask that woman. Rosa, ask the witness about the weapon, please. There are great people here. We have no problems here. People collaborate, but they're afraid to work with us, because of reprisals. I beg your pardon, but I don't want any trouble. There'll be no trouble. On the contrary. -Right, but later you know what happens. -Okay. Yeah, but you helped us out. Right, but then I get into trouble. The other guy is a coward who's stabbed someone in the neck. Your job is to get him. That's true, but you can help us out, right? Or do you want to be on that murderer's side? It's true that there are others, in these organizations or the criminal elements, that don't like us. We don't always get a welcoming committee. It's a problem if the kids are around someone like that. -You have to understand me too. -Of course. Once you're in the neighborhood, and you know who the suspect is, no one collaborates. The family won't tell you where he is, because they're covering for him, knowing that he has committed a crime. You have to go in there with all the hardware, right? When I raid a house, I never know what I'm going to find. It's dark and we go in with our weapons drawn. Especially if we know we're after someone who's considered a threat. Maybe he's responsible for a serious crime or there's a search warrant out on him. We have to make sure we protect ourselves. Clear, right? All clear downstairs. Let's go. This guy is loose on the streets and you know his family is protecting him. They are not going to help you and tell you where he is. They know who he is and that he's a bad guy. You won't be let into the house. They'll never be willing to let you in. We're in the sister's home right now. -How are you? -I've just arrived. Look. Listen to me. Your brother-in-law is in big trouble. -He's tried to kill someone. -He killed someone? He's critical. The medics are with him. He was stabbed here and in the stomach. I need his name, everything about your brother-in-law. If you see him, give me a call. I'll give you my private number. Joaquín, I swear, you know me. You need to keep an eye out for the guy at the check points, in case he tries to leave for Ceuta. You start running from one building to the next, looking for relatives you think might be with him. You end up going home knowing you're not going to get him. He was able to get away. We need to catch this guy, knowing that he's still in Algeciras. You know he hasn't been able to leave. We've set up checkpoints to find him. We know who he is. We have an ID, and we're investigating his inner circle. Family, friends and so on. The hard work is done. We know who he is. We just keep going with the investigation. You go home... and you're not happy. You're thinking, "Today hasn't been a good day. One got away today... but I have to get him." I'd say La Línea is a very happy place. There's nothing better than being from La Línea. LA LÍNEA RESIDENT People think that we walk around with guns on our hips. But there are 8,000 foreign residents who don't want to leave. LA LÍNEA MAYOR Why? It's a great climate, a great beach, the bars are cheap, they have affordable housing. It's a pity. It's a pity that instead of stories on TV about our beaches, our fishing, or our hospitality, the stories are about drugs, unemployment and social exclusion. The day we took office, we had a deficit of 180 million euros. It was completely out of control. The local council workers hadn't been paid in two months. Now, they're being paid on the 27th or 28th. For the first time in our history, we'll have a financial surplus. We've worked very hard for the last four years. We're successful in those areas we're in charge of, but the higher-ups? They don't give a damn. La Línea is not Cali or Medellín, but it could be. Can we change things? Right now, I genuinely hope so and I hope it's not too late. -How are you? Good? -I'm great. A political party like ours is clearly demonstrating that we can manage the town council, leaving ideology to one side, and we're worried about our residents because we live here and we care. We're achieving more than others who have gone before us. MAYOR JUAN FRANCO BELONGS TO A LOCAL INDEPENDENT POLITICAL PARTY. IN THE COMING ELECTIONS, HE FACES NATIONAL POLITICAL PARTIES. The spaces you get to put up your election posters and all that... is based on the results you got in the last elections. So what happens? We went from zero to 100. We'll have more space than anyone, but we don't have any money. -For posters. -We have no money for posters. We're a bunch of amateurs with nothing better to do, and we got into this mess with no ambitions and people appreciate that. I've said already that when my time as mayor is up, my political career is over. I don't think I could take it anymore. But I think we're doing some excellent work, and I'm sure I'll be re-elected. We're going to win, Rafa. I'm on the street every day and I can see we're going to win. The problem is just so enormous, that it goes way beyond the council. The average unemployment in the city is 32%, and in some areas, youth unemployment is between 70 to 80%. People are still going to prison. When they get out, where are they going to go? Where are they going to work, if they don't know their ass from their elbow? FOR SALE I don't do it any more but I used to transport hash on the mainland. EX NARCO I got into it for my kids because if I had a regular job, I wouldn't be with them and I wouldn't be earning enough money. I'd be in the same boat, but I'm away seven or eight hours and I come home with money. Last summer, working every day for three months, I managed to earn between 130,000 and 150,000 euros. You spend money like crazy. Clothes for me and for the kids. I bought them motorbikes, cars. We'd go out to lunch every day to a hotel, and we'd spend the whole day there, eating, going to the spa and whatever. We were spending money like water. DIANA IS IN HIDING FOLLOWING DEATH THREATS AFTER STEALING A 1,300 KG STASH FROM HER BOSSES. I thought they were taking advantage of me and one day, I got fed up... and when I knew we had a lot stashed in the warehouse, I took it. I took it all. The owners of the stash suspected I'd done it and they came after me. They tried to kidnap me, they set fire to my car, they opened fire on my house. I was scared. I thought I was going to die, to be honest. I'd never been in a situation like that before. I used to think, "Wow, this is a cool gig." I used to love the whole idea of the mafia, you know? When you're right in the thick of it, you don't think it's so cool. Sometimes I get scared. But then time passes, you know, things seem to calm down and nothing happens for a month and then another month goes by, then a third month, a fourth, a fifth and nothing happens, you get used to it. You can't be living in fear all the time. If there's a threat, then... I've done time in Morocco. Ten months. A friend of mine and I tried to bring in a load of hash in a car. Prison in Morocco is prehistoric. Everything's medieval. A tiny cell, lots of women cooped up together. The door was open four hours a day. We were allowed out for an hour. I used to cry so much. I was so lonely. Over there, you get put away and you're forgotten about. If you ask, they never know anything. I'd ask about my trial and they'd say they didn't know. So I asked them to call my mother. She tried sending me whatever she could. I'd left my kids with her, you know? No more fighting, okay? Stop arguing with your brother. No, no more fighting. I wouldn't like it if my son came to me one day and said he wanted to do that. I know the risks involved. But if he's old enough and he wants to do that I'd try and get him to do something else, right? I'd like them to go to school, and, who knows, be judges instead of drug traffickers. Right now, I'm not working. I'm squatting here in this apartment because I can't afford to pay rent. I'm unemployed, and I have the two kids. My mother helps me out and I get some odd jobs... here and there. It's really difficult to get a job. I never studied and I haven't worked in years. I don't have a decent résumé. What am I going to say in an interview? That I haven't worked since 2011? Why? I still haven't found another way out. I'm going to try again and try to get out of this hole. RIF MOUNTAINS MOROCCO Our forefathers used to do this, before us. This is what we've always done here. Hashish has always been around here, since we were born. HASHISH FARMER Here in the mountains, hash is all we have. There's nothing else. Growing up, whenever we opened our eyes, we always saw hashish. Us and everyone else from around here. I began studying, but I dropped out and started doing this. I work here. I till the land, look after the plants, sow seeds, water them. Someone else looks after harvesting the crop. When it's grown, the laborers come. They harvest it and then shake it. When it's ready, others come and collect it. This land is good for nothing else. You can only grow hashish here. They bring the seeds from Europe. It's a good seed. Very pure. When the seed comes from Europe you know it's good and you're not ashamed to sell it. You can't replace it with anything else. I don't know if I'll do that sometime. I don't know. No, it's not legal, but no one has come here to object. No one has ever come here. It's normal here. We know that once it gets to Europe, the price normally goes up. I don't want... to go on living here. I want to go to Europe and work there. I would still be getting the product there. I won't keep working here anymore. Someone else will do it. I'll work with them, instead of someone else doing it and making more money. They'll send me the goods and I'll sell. That way, the harvest and goods are ours. Hello, Mohamed? Tell me. What's up? How are you? We're okay. You're good? Listen. DIANA CALLS HER MOROCCAN CONTACTS TO TRY GOING BACK TO TRAFFICKING HASH How are things? Thinks are okay, more or less. I'm really fed up. I've no work, no money, the fridge is empty. Maybe you have something for me? Maybe you've got something? Let me see if I can get something for you next week. Hey. Nothing much. Getting ready. I'm really freaking out here. I don't know what these guys have planned for me. After the way I messed up, let's see. I'm not convinced, but I don't have any other choice. I've told my mother I'm heading south, in case anything happens to me and she knows where I am. I'm hoping nothing happens, you know? I'm leaving the kids with her... and... I hope I'll be back soon. Okay, honey, I'm going to finish packing. I'll give you a call when I'm on my way. See you soon, honey. I've decided to start working at this again because I've been going over it again and again and I've no other choice. What worries me most is losing my kids. If I lose them, I've lost everything. What would I do without them? -Filito? -What? I want to talk to you. Sit down here for a minute and we'll have a chat. You're a big boy, right? Are you a big boy? -Right? -No. What's wrong with you? Listen to me. Mom's going away for a few days. Will you stay with your brother and be good? Why are you mad at me, buddy? Are you going to be mad with me when I leave? Don't go, please. I'll bring money back so we can go out to eat and go to the park. If I had no kids, I wouldn't care about anything. I wouldn't care about doing time. I wouldn't care about going south, and coming back with a load. I wouldn't care. Doing time isn't so bad if you have no family waiting for you outside. You're going to be a good boy, right? -Promise you'll be back soon. -Okay. That's enough. The worst thing that could happen is on the first job I get caught before earning any money. Then I'd be in the same situation, only worse. I try not to think about that. -What's up, honey? -I have to go. I'm leaving him here, okay? -In a while-- -No! Granny will pick you up at nine. -No! -Come on. Stay here. Bye, sweetheart. I'll be back the day after tomorrow. -Okay. See you later. Goodbye. -Bye. Fuck... I'm scared because I'm going to Morocco. I don't know these guys. After what happened to me before, you never know what might happen, but... I hope I get the job, to be honest. If this goes well, I'm doing it to get over this rough patch, but if I have the chance, I'll keep at it. I'm good at this. I know how to do this... and I don't mind it. I'd keep working. Earning a lot of money in a short time, without any effort, makes young people who are 17 or 18 years old start working for criminal organizations without really knowing what they're doing. When these people get older, they can't study, can't specialize or get a job with qualifications. In the end, it's either feast or famine. We feel sorry for them. You're a nobody. You've been used. You're just a number. They won't want you after this for anything other than that. They don't know what you might have said or done. DIANA WAS REFUSED ENTRY INTO MOROCCO. SHE HAD TO RETURN AND NOW LIVES WITH HER CHILDREN IN AN UNDISCLOSED LOCATION. One of the biggest drug traffickers in our country, wanted by the police for the last two years, has reappeared in a music video. The Spanish narco has never been very flamboyant in public. LA LÍNEA CHIEF OF POLICE They prefer to be discreet because if they draw attention to themselves, it can have an adverse affect. It means they're attracting attention from the police, the state, the media, and, obviously, that won't help their activity. However, the younger generation don't think that way. Francisco Tejón, the leader of the Castañas, has made a cameo appearance in a video by a reggaeton artist. He appears in a luxury car, surrounded by women wearing bikinis, drinking champagne. The video was posted online three days ago and has had almost 50,000 views. Among those watching closely are the police, because the man driving this car is Francisco Tejón, "Isco," one of the most wanted men in Spain, and the most important hash drug lord in the country. There used to be unwritten rules, but not any more. JOURNALIST Drug traffickers not only want as much money as possible, but they are now violent, and they are even publicizing it. They live in a fantasy world. They think they're untouchable, that they have all the power. When you think you are above good and evil, and you challenge the security forces, I think that's when they're at their most vulnerable. Subtitle translation by 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 