La Línea: Shadow of Narco: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 La Línea: Shadow of Narco 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 La Línea: Shadow of Narco (2020): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 Law enforcers deploy an unprecedented raid by land, sea and air across Campo de Gibraltar. It's election day in La Línea: Will Juan Franco be reelected? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Okay, I've got them. I have them in sight. The bastards are using the laser already. We know we're putting our lives on the line the minute we get into the helicopter. Let me know if the laser is bothering you and I'll let off a few rounds, okay? The surge in violence together with the quantity of drugs coming in seems to have got the public's attention, as well as those responsible for managing public funding. It seems they're beginning to take action because you can see there are more reinforcements. A few years ago, we were practically on our own here. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The local and national police, Civil Guard and customs officers... We're all in this together. We all help each other out and rivalry is not an issue. -Whose house is this? -A guy's. -What guy? -I don't know. Come on, man, listen to me. Above all, the best part of all of this, is being able to say, "Fuck, I've been able to do something useful." The police are ready to engage and the proof of that is in the last few months, a significant number of drugs have been seized, assets relating to drug trafficking have been impounded, many involved in organized crime and drug trafficking have been arrested and so on. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Police! Hands up! Police! There is a Latin proverb, however, ubi societas ibi delictus, that means, "Where society exists, there will always be crime." A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES Did I want to be the mayor? It was never part of my plan. LA LÍNEA MAYOR I had a quiet life, but there came a time when I started thinking about leaving the town. Be careful at the pedestrian crossing! We might get run over. I could see that the town council was dragging the town down, and I wasn't happy about that. That was more or less the motivation for me to start this initiative. I'm embarrassed to see myself up there on my own. Don't be silly. You may not have a candidate after this. We were the first team in government to recognize the serious problem with drug trafficking in the town. We look at it from the point of view of an alcoholic, who first has to admit they have a problem with alcohol so that they can do something about it. My God, what a man has to do for his town! Where's the breeding ground? In certain neighborhoods, where youth unemployment is very severe and where there's not one specific policy. Why are we not setting up training programs, employment plans, productive investment? I have no idea. I'm sick and tired of repeating myself. Either I'm the worst communicator in the world... or there is a complete lack of interest in eradicating the problem. LA LÍNEA 100 X 100 HOLDS ITS ELECTION CAMPAIGN'S FINAL RALLY IN FARIÑAS SQUARE. TAKE A SELFIE WITH JUAN -How are you doing? -We're good. Our election manifesto is practically finished. We'll go on dealing with the main problems affecting the town, and it's the town council's obligation to solve them. The work that depends on us is being done, and I believe we have made big improvements in many areas. The problem is so serious that it exceeds the powers we have as a town council. There has been a significant increase in policing, but the social issues aren't being dealt with, and we need to sit down with the authorities. I hope to continue getting results. That's my motivation. We are tired of always getting, at best, the leftovers. When we raised the issue of becoming a self-governed town, the Partido Popular, the PSOE and Ciudadanos rejected the motion. They rejected it because they're determined to deny us any chance of survival or moving forward and giving us a better future. We won't accept that. We'll continue the fight even if it's the last thing we do. So, ladies and gentlemen, onwards and upwards, always! One of the most important drug lords in our country, sought by the police for the last two years, has resurfaced in a music video. They believe they're untouchable, and just over a month ago, despite the police being on his trail, Isco Tejón defied police and appears in this video clip by a well-known Cuban rap artist. We knew that arresting him was going to be very difficult. So our strategy was to put pressure on his inner circle. His family and close friends were put under surveillance, and during that time, when surveillance was at its height, that video was recorded and went viral. LA LÍNEA CHIEF OF POLICE The video was posted three days ago and has already had over 50,000 views. The man driving the luxury car is Francisco Tejón, "Isco," considered to be the most wanted hash drug lord in Spain. He's enjoying his time in the limelight... JOURNALIST ...and flaunting himself in front of the citizens of Campo de Gibraltar, as well as the justice system and the police forces. Obviously, for us, the video clip was yet another provocation. In our opinion, to a certain extent, that was the intention. I'll keep you updated when you can move in, okay? Will do. We'll be on standby. EL ZABAL NEIGHBORHOOD It was just a video, but it was yet another reason for us to intensify our efforts and motivate us to arrest him. In the end, once the pressure reached a breaking point, he decided to turn himself in, for himself and for his inner circle, and because the organization itself and the other clans felt that the pressure was too intense and would adversely affect business, which is the bottom line. You got him. We got a call from the lawyer saying he was willing to turn himself in and a time and place were agreed which, for us, was acceptable where we could take him in. In recent days, the net has tightened so much that Isco Tejón, accompanied by family members, turned himself in early this morning. After almost two years on the run, Spain's most wanted man appeared in court today. There was no negotiation and it was never considered because that was never on the table. I think that if someone has been on the run for two years, there can be no negotiation whatsoever. He has to turn himself in as it's the only option open to him. Police had concentrated their efforts on his arrest, following the operation which resulted in his brother's arrest, the suspected leader of the Castaña clan, last June. Police activity has been... When my editor said to me today, "You need to go to La Línea de la Concepción. Isco has just given himself up. You're going to cover it." That was great news for me, to be able to report on that story. I was absolutely delighted, especially considering public opinion and the outrage at his impunity. It's unacceptable that a man who's on the run, and has been accused of crimes, very serious crimes, is able to appear in a music video. He knew that this would happen some day. The police were closing in every day. The Castaña clan is finished. They have been eliminated. We got to a point that was beyond belief, you know? The arrest is a reward for months of careful work, carried out in neighborhoods that are difficult to infiltrate. We've had to be very careful to avoid leaks that could have shown our hand. ...Francisco Tejón, one of the leaders of the Castaña clan, and whom we saw recently in a reggaeton music video. Rocío Martínez, can you give us more details? Good afternoon. Yes, just minutes ago, a police van transporting the prisoner to Botafuegos prison, left this courthouse. His lawyers have confirmed that he agreed to turn himself in. They also confirmed that Spain's most wanted drug lord has pleaded not guilty to all the charges. Since last January, almost 50 police officers have kept him under intense surveillance, and that pressure from the security forces on him and his inner circle, has been the key to his surrender to the police. Are we off air? His arrest means the most important clan in the area has lost its leader, and crucially, the other clans can see that sense of impunity has disappeared. We're learning, evolving... OCON SUR OFFICER ...and we're always one step behind the criminals. But gradually, and this unit is proof of that, we're adapting and we're winning battles. If we sometimes manage to win a battle, it's because we're persistent and we keep the pressure on. OCON SUR OFFICER Do you copy? They're approaching our position. They're in a group.  AFTER THE ARREST OF THE CASTAÑA BROTHERS, OCON SUR LAUNCHES OPERATION DOUBLE-CROSS. IT IS THE LARGEST POLICE OPERATION EVER DEPLOYED IN CAMPO DE GIBRALTAR. At first, it was not seen as a particularly significant operation, but when we began investigating, we realized that the suspects we were dealing with were all linked to the Castaña clan. OCON SUR OFFICER THE OBJECTIVE WAS TO ARREST THE REMAINING LEADERS AND DISBAND THE CASTAÑA CLAN'S CRIMINAL NETWORK. Operation Double-Cross was intensely planned. We were preparing for days and even weeks. Gentlemen, we're running out of time! Group leaders over here now! It has been the biggest operation that I've participated in, and the Civil Guard has mobilized a lot of people and resources. Those taking part in this specific operation were: the Rapid Response Unit of the Civil Guard, the GAR, the GRS who would be considered as anti-riot police, the Coast Guard, with several vessels and patrol boats, Public Order units, who literally sealed off La Línea de la Concepción. Police helicopters also took part, as well as Criminal Investigation squads, from their headquarters in Málaga, Algeciras and Cádiz. There were up to 600 officers involved. 38 SIMULTANEOUS HOUSE SEARCHES 2 IN ESTEPONA, 1 IN SAN ROQUE 35 IN LA LÍNEA Everyone wanted to take part and that's how it was organized. We had to carry out 20 simultaneous searches in Atunara beach, otherwise they would have escaped. -Around this area. -They come in here. They have no choice but to unload here. There's no other way in. Call me when you get those guys, okay? I have three here from a crew change in Marbella. You need to pay close attention because you have a series of instructions, and depending on the house or the suspect you're after, you need to take certain precautions. There is a feeling that this is coming to an end, that we are going to bring down "the bad guys," and you're looking forward to going into action. You're not only keen on doing your job but seeing others do theirs as well. You feel like you're in a movie and that gets your adrenaline going when the time comes. Civil Guard! Civil Guard! Civil Guard! Get down! Get down! Down! That's not the door, right? We're clear. We're in. Get down here. -Please, my kids. -Come down. Anyone else? -Anyone else? -To the left. -Come out where I can see you. -I have my kids here, please. Okay. Come out where I can see you, please. Lola, honey, it's the Civil Guard. It's okay. It's all right. It's the Civil Guard. They won't hurt you. Honey, the Civil Guard won't hurt you. Help me out here. Antonio was in prison, but he was still very much in control. He had to be detained again in prison because he was still involved in the organization's criminal activities. The suspects arrested are linked to the well-known Castaña clan, that until recently was active here, in La Línea de la Concepción, and whose leaders are currently in prison. It's been an unprecedented intervention here in Campo de Gibraltar, involving some 500 officers by land, sea and air. You stay here for a while. About 20 minutes. Do you see that? Stay right there. They had set up a type of cooperative, let's say, a narcos' cooperative. All of those top men, or who we thought were at the top, or a step below, all of them were involved in a type of community, and they referred to themselves as "Real Madrid." During those interventions, we began to connect the dots, uncovering information, putting faces with names, putting the puzzle together until we discovered that they were the ones working here, but they always talked about Antonio. "Antonio this, Antonio that..." Until we got to the stage where we were able to connect this "Real Madrid" structure with its "captain," Antonio Castaña. You have such a feeling of satisfaction. You're like, "Because of these guys I've had sleepless nights, bad food, I've been away from my home, I haven't been able to see my family, but in the end, I've managed... to hunt them down, arrest them and put them in prison." We've arrested 84 suspects and we think that among those 84 suspects we have the top guys, some of the middle ranks and some of the lower ones. The guys who provided the safe houses, the garages, cars... All those people were getting paid generously to do that. My sense of satisfaction comes from the feeling that I'm part of a puzzle, that is slowly but surely coming together, and when we finish it, it'll be a relief and for the people living here, like a way of saying, "We were waiting for so long for someone to come and put an end to this because it was totally out of control." A spectacular antidrug operation in Cádiz. -Hands up and off the boat! -Get down! Get down! Civil Guard boarded this fishing vessel with three crew members on board. This movie-style intervention has led to the dismantling of an international hash trafficking network. We have seized more drugs than in previous years, much more assets and cash coming from drug trafficking have been impounded. We are arresting more people. The police pressure has been very significant, which I am very happy about and very grateful for. They've been smart enough to do what we've been demanding for a long time, which is not to go after the crime itself, the stash of hash and so on, but to go after the money laundering which is what'd hurt them most. A network of drug traffickers made up of the Italian mafia and a well-known Spanish clan has been dismantled. Forty-four people have been arrested in this police operation against the Italian 'Ndrangheta and the Castaña clan. They were transporting large quantities of hash, hidden in trucks, into Spain. It's satisfying to go home after arresting these guys who are making money from this... CUSTOMS REVENUE SURVEILLANCE ...especially when it's the top guys that fall. In Campo de Gibraltar, important organizations have fallen, along with their leaders, so I guess we're doing something right. Sincerity is one of my traits, in honor of my surname. I am usually very frank and I think we have a future. LEVANTE BEACHES - TOWN HALL LOCAL POLICE MAY 26, 2019 LA LÍNEA TOWN COUNCIL ELECTIONS I'm sorry for getting you all up so early... If you vote first, you get to stay here. -I'll stay... -We'll look after you. -You need my ID, right? -Of course. José Juan Franco Rodríguez. -I'm number one, right? -José Juan Franco Rodríguez. This is your vote. Okay, Mr. President, thank you very much. First to vote at 9.00 a.m. is Juan Franco, candidate for La Línea 100 x 100. -Good morning. -You're the first to vote. -Will you win today? -The early bird gets the worm. La Línea 100 x 100: 286 votes. 286. -GIL? -GIL? Zero. Zero. PSOE? PSOE: 44 -Forty-four. -No, I mean it. No, seriously. We need to be careful because we're still only talking about 25% of the count. I feel a heavy weight on my shoulders. It's a big responsibility. That's right. The count is still going on. Let's wait and see. It's looking good right now. Thanks a lot, man. Thank you. See you later. Man, we have 5,000 votes and the PSOE has 933. We're going to get at least 12,000 votes. -Total votes. -No, more than that. If we had over 6,000 and the PSOE had 7,000, that's 13,000 and now their numbers have plummeted... I think the outcome is historic. We got the best result any political party has ever got in this town since 1983. Of the 25 councilors, we have 21, and now we have to be smart enough to manage that result. It's tense stuff, right? -We're nearly done, man. -Come on. This guy has changed the most in the last four years. -For the better, right? -Of course. His father was worried the other day and he said to me, "This is helping him get better at the job, right?" I said, "Sure, it is." What will happen to drug trafficking and tobacco smuggling? We're working hard and we've had spectacular results. In that respect, I am very happy and very satisfied, but I understand we still need more resources. I'm afraid that the pressure is really on and someone somewhere will let it slip we've won the war on drugs. But Morocco is still nearby. They are still producing the same kilos of hash. I mean, unless there's an earthquake and the distance is suddenly 800 km, it's still going to be out there. Right now, we're cooling things down, but if we don't go to the heart of the problem, it'll start all over again. Ten years from now, the minute police pressure eases up, we'll be back to where we were a year ago. Onwards and upwards, man. Come on, man. You don't know what it's like not having your mother. I know that. I know you're thinking about her. The poor woman would be... Come on, man. Wherever she is, she'd be proud. You hear me? She's watching over you and you can be sure she's very proud. Mayor! Franco! Franco! Thank you! Thanks. Mayor! You're the best. Onwards and upwards, right? Thanks so much. We know we are improving our response to drug trafficking. ALGECIRAS CHIEF OF POLICE The pressure from the police is effective. I feel that it's quieter here, more controlled. They seem to have realized, that despite their provocation, they can't beat us. We've made progress in the amount of arrests, of seizures, and we're slowly reestablishing the rule of law. ANTIDRUG PROSECUTOR There's room for improvement, you know, with more resources. It's true that it has improved, but we could do with more. Crime is becoming more specialized, and we have to be more united. Driving around in our patrol car and coming across the gomones, as we call the speed boats... OFFICER ...is not so common any more. There is still a supply coming in and there's some activity, but it's been greatly reduced. Other routes have opened in other parts of Andalusia. The pressure from the police in Campo de Gibraltar has forced drug traffickers to search for other routes. The presence of the Civil Guard on the coast in Andalusia means that many of the organizations working in this area... CIVIL GUARD SPOKESMAN ...have expanded and are now working in Huelva. The drug traffickers have cut back on their activity in the Campo de Gibraltar area, but that doesn't take away from the fact that we've seen an increase in their activities in other areas. It's true that we've tried to reduce the significant problems that existed in Campo de Gibraltar, but we have to make sure we avoid spreading the problem to other areas. NARCOS ARE MOVING: HASH MAFIAS SPREADING ALONG THE COAST While we are still around, everything goes to plan. We are able to intercept a lot of drugs, we are disbanding organizations, but once we leave, it will go back to the way it was. EXHIBITION AND CONFERENCE CENTER People think that trying to get rid of drug trafficking is a utopian idea, and it could well be. But it's something we need to think about if we want to end it, or at least be as successful as possible. The battle we lose is the battle we don't fight. We're doing what we can. WARRANT OFFICER We may not always win, and maybe we won't get rid of drug trafficking in the near future. That's clear. The battle's not lost yet because we're still fighting. Mr. Joaquín Llanos Jociles. It's my belief that this is a short-term solution that will last, at least in the short term in this case, because the problem is not about having more police. We don't have-- If the people who are involved in this don't have any other alternative or they live in areas that are marginalized or they have difficulties getting a job or an education... LAWYER ...I think that's where we should be focusing our attention. Drug trafficking won't end, and the same goes for any crime that occurs in our society, like gender-based violence, or murders, or burglaries in our homes. Will we put an end to drug trafficking? No. But can we reduce it to a level that our society can tolerate? I think so. I think we're already seeing that. Intelligent steps have been taken in recent months, in terms of increasing human and material resources, and we're on the right track to turn the situation around. I believe that this year, from October last year to today, we have seen, from the point of view of police work, and over the last few years, I won't say a "superhuman" effort, but it has certainly been intense. Obviously, there's room for improvement. But where demand exists, there's always going to be... a supply. I'm coming. Hang on! Hang on, I'm coming. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 