Knightfall: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Knightfall 
 s1e3 - The Black Wolf and the White Wolf - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Knightfall (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - The Black Wolf and the White Wolf - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Where's the man who carries this sword? He was killed. By the Grace of God, rise, Master of the Temple. Rise, Master of the Temple. Will you join me in my chamber? Tonight, I want to begin the wedding preparations with our daughter. By the order of the King, the Jewish Quarter is to be cleared. My job as your father is to keep you safe. Safe. I don't want to be safe. Adelina! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Thank you for your help. It was very brave of you. No! Maybe it's time you find a new home. Join us. Join the Templars. I can still fight. Your leg has become a hindrance, I hurt my leg protecting you! And I'll always be sorry I didn't let you die on the docks at Acre. Tell me something about the Pope. What do you know about the Holy Grail? The chance to reclaim the Holiest relic. If there is something there, we can be sure that Godfrey wanted us to find it. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 A key? Lord, hear us. Lord, graciously hear us. Lord, open the gates to paradise for your servant, Godfrey, and help us who remain to comfort one another with assurances of faith until we all meet in Christ and are with you and our brother forever. We ask this through Jesus Christ, our Lord. All flesh must perish, but even in the shadow of death, hope springs eternal with the prospect of new life. S01E03 The Black Wolf and the White Wolf sync and corrected by ninh www.addic7ed.com Rise. What progress with the key? None. I've tried every box, every chest, every lock in the Temple. - Twice. - Well, keep trying. I'll send word to the Palace. No training with the King today. Thank you. Go. A friendship between the Master of the Temple and the Royal Family will always be useful to us. Besides, your absence might invite questions. Until we have the Grail, let's continue as normal. Keep trying the key. Initiates! Line up! I said line up! If I ever again have to call you to order twice, by God, you'll all run the gauntlet. Brother Anselm, as you know, usually permits us some time before training while he works on his illustrations. Brother Anselm will no longer be taken from his work to train initiates. I am your new training master. A Templar knight never steps out of line. He doesn't step backwards, either. Initiates, join your brother. Never break ranks. Our strength is as brothers. Without it, we are lost. Where is the new boy? Parsifal! Sleep well? Every time I close my eyes, I see her face. Go home. What? You're not ready to be a knight. But Landry said I could join! - Does that hurt? - Yes! And what are you going to do about it? Sit and mope like a woman? Get off! Marie is gone, Parsifal! Don't let the pain conquer you! Take hold of it. Make yourself its master. Use it! Then you'll be ready to become a Templar. Now, do you want to train? Yes. By the Grace of God. By the Grace of God. Do you want to be a warrior? By the Grace of God. Good. But before you become a warrior, you must first become a monk. Today we start with charity. Again. Good. Oh! No. I'm no better than I was the day you had to save us from brigands. I confess, I'm disheartened. This should be a happy day. Your daughter's wedding has been announced. The match creates problems with England, but it's not that. It's the Queen. Last night, I was sure that she would... visit my chambers. Philip. She found a polite excuse, as always. Landry, you have no idea what it's like to experience that woman's passion and then To be so far from it. I've given her everything... Jewels, fond words. I don't know what else to do. I'm at my wits' end! Something is wrong! No! Perhaps someone should speak to her. Someone she respects. Philip, I'm a monk. It hardly befits me to discuss such matters. All the more reason she would trust you, open her heart to you. What possible grounds would I have for such a conversation? She loves you as I do. Landry, two years ago, you saved my wife and me. Save us again. Tonight. I'll arrange something. Let me celebrate your new role as Master. And Jesus took a cup and gave thanks, then gave it to his disciples, saying, "Take this, all of you, and drink it, for this is the cup of my blood." You believe that, Nicholas? Speak plainly. I believe it, my Lord. Good boy. What do you believe? I believe Jesus died for our sins. Good. And the wine is blood? - Yes, my Lord. - And the cup is holy? Yes. Gibberish. - My Lord? - It's nonsense. But across Europe, men kneel before it. My parents even went to the fire for it. I'm sorry. Don't be. I may not believe in religion, but I admire it. Stories and relics, splinters and cups. Small things, easy things. Put them all together, and what do you have? I don't know, my Lord. Power. Sebastian... Isabella's favorite stallion. A gift to your King and your Prince, a symbol of our respect for England and of our hope for lasting peace between us. It's a wonderful gift, Sire, but my King was expecting news of a wedding. When he hears what has happened, no amount of stallions will placate him. Robert. It is imperative to the King that he keeps good relations with England. As much as it pains us all, the fact is the Princess' heart belongs to Prince Lluis. But her hand was always promised to my King's son. And his hand was once promised to Flanders. Betrothals are made and broken every day, yet peace still holds. The only peace with a man like Longshanks comes through marriage. My King will not take kindly to the slight of his son anymore than you would swallow a slight on your daughter. It is no slight. My daughter is in love, Robert. I know I speak for my King when I say unless you keep your promise and return the hand of your daughter to Prince Edward, you will have war. If it's war he wants, it's war he shall have. But we will not stand alone. Catalonia's armies must join us. Speak to Ambassador Rodrigo. Make it happen. Yes, Madame. It is as you suspected. You're with child. Let me be the first to offer you congratulations. I know this joyous news will bring a wonderful... Dr. Vigevano, please. Let's not raise the hopes of the court... And the King... just yet. That's wise, Madame. We shall tell no one until your belly swells and we are sure that the baby is strong. Maybe the King will be pleased. Sophie, you know I haven't shared the King's bed in two years. If he found out about this child, he would kill me. What will you do? I don't know, Sophie. I don't know. This doesn't go in something. It goes on something. Come. - I know that crest. - So do I. That's the De Caux family crest. I think we've just found the Grail. This is far enough. Now, spread out. One loaf per beggar. Is this what we do all day? We attend prayers eight times a day, and we do chores around the Temple. What kind of chores? Cleaning the latrine. I don't need to learn how to hand out bread or clean shit. I want to learn how to swing a sword. You want to be a knight? Here's your first lesson. Shut up and follow orders. Thank you. Thank you, thank you. Hey, hey! Hey, one to a man! Hey! Stop that! You thieving little tinker. No! I'm feeding the poor, just like you, monk. I'm not a monk yet. You haven't taken your vows of chastity? That must mean you still have your balls. Troops are not a negotiation. Catalan blood will not be spilt defending French soil. Ambassador, if we go to war with England, it will be because of Catalonia. How many troops would you require? Do you let your cup bearer discuss military strategy? I am not a cup bearer, my Lord. De Nogaret, this is Bernat, my assistant, and sometimes he speaks out of turn. This is Nicholas, my assistant. He fetches me wine and wipes my behind when I need him to. And he doesn't speak out of turn. If your reluctance to assist France is because of your personal opinion of me... Not at all. I try not to lose my head. Or the heads of those who work for me. Will you support France if we go to war with England? As I said, we will support you, but we will not die for you. I need you to visit the apothecary to purchase a tonic from the root of the Worm Fern. I see you are familiar with it. My sister was once in need of it. Did it work? It made her ill enough to lose the child she was carrying, but it nearly killed her, too. Now she's blind. Surely, Madame, there must be another way. If you speak to the King... Once, in Bordeaux, when we were young, the King found a wonderful lute player to play for us... Duvernay. I would listen to him for hours at a time. One day, Philip wanted to go riding, but I said no. I wanted to stay and hear Duvernay. That night, Duvernay was attacked on the road by bandits. That doesn't prove that the King... They did rob him. They broke all of his fingers. He never played the lute again, and I learned never to cross the King again. Believe me. There is no other path. Go to the apothecary. Stay. Pray with me. Is this it? Castle De Caux. As you know, we've lent a small fortune to the De Caux family over the last 14 years. Have they repaid? Never. Godfrey used to say that Marcel De Caux was a friend to all Templars, that he was doing God's work and would repay the loan tenfold one day. What if doing God's work meant protecting the Grail? That that would mean that Godfrey knew the Grail was in France a long time ago... and never told us. What do you want? We've come to see Marcel De Caux. Is he here? He won't be back for some time. He's borrowed money from the Temple. You tell him we're here to collect the debt. Go away. Next time, speak to your Master, Godfrey, before you think of coming here. Godfrey is dead. This is our new Temple Master. Landry? How did you know my name? He said you'd come if something happened to him. He said you'd come for the Grail. Godfrey? How did you know Godfrey, and where is De Caux? Marcel De Caux is dead. None of that, old man. - Where is he? - He's dead. You just told me so yourself. Marcel De Caux was Godfrey. Why wouldn't Godfrey tell us the truth and return the Grail to the Temple? The last time the Grail was in the care of the Temple, it was nearly lost forever. It's our sworn duty to protect it. How could you protect the cup that wields the Power of God when you don't know what that power is? We understand its power. It's our most holy relic. The symbol of Christ's sacrifice on Earth. It's more than a symbol. What do you mean? Did Godfrey ever tell you how he became a Templar? He did not. Follow me. Marcel De Caux... This one... Was the youngest son of the late Baron De Caux. The Baron died, leaving Marcel's older brother Raymond... That one... to inherit both land and title. But Marcel couldn't accept his older brother's success and decided to kill him. Godfrey? No. No, I knew him. He wouldn't do such a thing. Godfrey... Marcel... Was not yet the man you knew. He went into his brother's room and stabbed him through his belly... All the way through. By God's mercy, Raymond survived, but he lost the use of his legs. Despite this crime, the crippled Baron forgave his brother. Marcel was so moved, he turned his life to God, changed his name, and Godfrey was born. And what does this have to do with the power of the Grail? Years later, when Godfrey came into possession of the Grail, he brought it here to his brother. One sip of wine from the cup of Christ... and his wound was healed. He could walk again. A miracle. That's not possible. Were there any witnesses? One. Good God. You're Godfrey's brother. Godfrey didn't tell me where he hid the Grail, but he left something that tells you. It is a miracle. Godfrey left you and you alone the way to find the Grail and keep it safe. This scroll has... I'll get him! Oh, no! No! No, no, no, no. Oh, no! Give me the scroll... or lose your head. Why didn't Godfrey tell me about the Grail? To protect you. If you knew, they'd have killed you, too. Who are "they?" I loved your brother. Give it up! Give up your search for the Grail. The Grail is not yours to find. I know your voice. Who are you? No. No, no, no, no. No! Coward, show yourself! Landry! Agh! So we have nothing. Not nothing. We have him. So it's true, then. The Catalans have refused you troops. It is true. I knew asking for troops would be a step too far for Rodrigo. Once the King realizes that on the eve of the union of our two families, Catalonia had the audacity to refuse us troops, he will no choice but to cancel the wedding and reconsider Edward. Your skill in navigating these matters is without equal. Like you, I wish only to serve my country. Such modesty, William. If you have your way, Isabella will be Queen of England and a great Princess of France. And will be adviser to the most powerful ruler in the world. Look past the target. Bide your time. Take a breath. Open the gates! Why they bringing that devil here? Sacrilege. A sight to see. He'll curse us all. Pure evil. He'll only bring trouble. Stay back, don't get too close. What would the Saracens want with the Grail? They aren't fools. If the Pope reclaims the Grail, he'll unite all of Christendom, and he'll be able to launch a new crusade to take back the Holy Land. We need him alive. Then perhaps you shouldn't have stabbed right through him. Aren't we supposed to kill the Saracens? The boy's right. Let him die. The brothers feel we are helping the enemy. Gawain, this is important business. He knows where the Grail is. They say we should not help the Saracens. They or you? Shouldn't you be training initiates? How strange that such a fragile glass vial holds the power of life and death. Madame, it's not my place, I know, but I beg you reconsider. A child is a blessing. When the husband is the father. Was this child not born out of love? Have you told the father? Believe me, it wouldn't help. There is no way for us to be together. Not even if you left Paris? You have your own land, separate from the King. You could be anyone, live anywhere. We dreamt of it once, him and me. Then tell him. Dream of it again. Do you think it's possible the Grail healed Godfrey's brother? It's not possible, which is what makes a miracle a miracle. The more you doubt it, the more marvelous the miracle. When we lost Acre and the Grail, I thought God had abandoned us. But God hadn't abandoned us. Godfrey had. He lied to me. I trusted him as a father, but he didn't trust me as a son. He must have had his reasons. And there's something else. Believing that God had abandoned me, I... I replaced the emptiness. Replaced your emptiness how? How men usually replace it. I have broken and I continue to break my vows as a Templar. Landry, do you really believe that you're the first Templar to succumb to the temptations of flesh? With a man's wife. A friend's wife. The sin is double. I should not be Master, and I am not worthy to find the Grail. The fact that this transgression wounds you shows how worthy a leader you are. God has placed the Grail into your life once again. Find it. And find your way back to yourself and to God. I absolve you of your sin. But you must end this business immediately. Am I understood? My pleasure. Your Grace. Fascinating this morning, to watch a master such as yourself firsthand. Hardly masterful given the disappointing outcome. Yes, disappointing indeed. If your goal was to secure more troops, rather than to sabotage the wedding. I understand. Hard to see such a beauty married off when you want her for yourself. You have a loose tongue, boy. Another word, and I will have it torn out by the root. Your lecherous intent is clear from Isabella's letters to me. She may not see it, but I felt it dripping off every page, Uncle William. Who the hell do you think you are? Everyone! This man demands to know who I am. First, I will tell you who I am not. I am not the Ambassador's servant. I am, in fact, Lluis Miguel of Barcelona... Prince of Catalonia and heir apparent to the throne. Forgive me, Your Grace, for not revealing my identity until I was sure you and your daughter were genuine. Because now I am sure, and I have decided France will not stand alone. Every able-bodied man of Catalonia will fight with you, shoulder to shoulder, as allies. And as family. From this moment, until the last day I shall live. You must change the dressing every time the sand empties. Send for me if there are any changes. Since the reign of my grandfather Louis IX, my house has proudly sheltered the Knights Templar here in Paris. From the battlefields of the Crusades to the walls of Acre, Templar have protected pilgrims on the road for generations. Tonight, we celebrate a man who has been my teacher, my confidant, and my friend. He is a man of honor, duty, and love. And his elevation to the highest rank is both right and fitting. To Landry, our new Temple Master. To Landry. Thank you. It's me who will owe you thanks for speaking to the Queen. I saw the look on your face as the King toasted Landry. You barely raised your glass. You should be less conspicuous in your disdain for the new Temple Master. Landry is not the Templar they think he is. What kind of Templar is he? He brings a Saracen heretic back to the Temple. Why? Something to do with the Grail? I've already spoken enough with you. I promised you a doctor. Vigevano is the Royal Family's own doctor. Let him examine your leg. Get out of my way. What is to be done? The young prince is a problem. He has no idea. We try to avert war, and instead, this vain child invites it. Agreed. So what is the remedy? I shall think of something. I know what you'll think of, and that is not the solution. Then I shall have to think of something better than killing him. Think fast. If the King's guards catch you, they'll cut off your hands and hang you. If they hang me, I'm not going to miss my hands, am I? If you leave now, I won't tell. I'll be going then. Give back the purse. These coins could feed a family for a week. What family? I'm feeding the people the King expelled, Jews he forced to leave with nothing. You wouldn't understand. This is for them, not for me. I didn't know monks wore jewelry. It matches your eyes. I told you I wasn't a monk yet. Give me the purse. Have you never danced? There's very little call for it in the Temple. I thought perhaps you were avoiding me. Joan, there's something I have to tell you. What is it? The Grail is in France. The Grail? How can it be? You said it was lost forever. It was, but somehow, it came back to us. I have to find it. You will. I know you will. There's something I have to tell you, too. Remember how we spoke once of being together somehow, you and me? Joan. What is it? What's wrong? There's no words that I can find that can make you understand. Understand what? I have a duty, not just to find the Grail, but... I'm Master now. I'm responsible for many men. What future does the wife of the King have with a Templar? You are always going to be tied to him. You're the mother of his children. What hope is there? Landry. I have to go. I'm needed at the Temple. - I'm sorry. - Wait. What did she say? Philip, she's your wife. Only you should discuss this with her. I should not interfere with your marriage. He's strong. What's he saying? The black sand will burn us. The desert storms will bend us. And the world will turn black. What does that mean? Some sort of a prophecy. Ask him what was on the scroll he burned. What does he know about the Grail? He will not talk. Tell him I will hurt him. Gawain, this is not our way. Tell him I will take his left eye first. You have no idea. The Grail will destroy you all. Paris will burn. Your Temple will burn. You will burn. You're late. There were complications. Sounds like you didn't do your job. I did my job. Then where's the boy... Parsifal? You'll have him soon. What's that? It's worthless. Not to the boy. He'll be back for it. And when he comes, he's yours. What is it, my love? Isn't a sin to be together before we marry? It's not a sin. We are in love. It will be a secret between us. I will not tell it to a soul. I won't tell it to a soul, either. The Saracen... Has he awoken? Yes, but he'll only talk to you. When he woke up, he was ranting. He said the Grail would destroy the world. What happened here? Seal the Temple. Nobody leaves. There's a murderer in our midst. sync and corrected by ninh > www.addic7ed.com < 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 