Knightfall: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Knightfall 
 s1e9 - Fiat! - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Knightfall (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Fiat! - full transcript 
 Landry seeks the help of Jacques de Molay, the Temple Grand Master; Queen Joan plots her escape. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Now you have the Grail. We must keep it safe again. The Pope is on his way. He'll use it to call for another Crusade. The Holy Grail is in France. It is a means with which the Pope will attempt to supplant you. I have mustered an army of mercenaries. I do not need an army to fight the Templars! The Temple Master is my closest friend! He's my brother. And Your Grace will forgive me, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 but your brother is sleeping with your wife. She's having my child. Another man will raise that child as his own. You have no honor. What's this? To pay for your mercenary army, in case you're right. You cannot ask a mother to give up her child. Then choose one, or I'll choose. Aah! I will bring Isabella here. Away from the corruption of the French Court. And then I will bring my child into the world under the skies of Navarre. Dear boy. This is the Saracens you've met. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 They sow doubt. Keep the faith. Why did you have Godfrey killed? He possessed the Grail. I am the Pope. Kill them all! Aah! Forgive me. It suited me to let you think he would die. Tancrede. Master. How many? 300. More on the way. Look at these. Blood Knights. The best of the best. You're sure these men can take on the the Templars? They are as battlehardened and as brutal. And they have one advantage. Which is? They fight dirty. If you're right about Landry, the Templars fight dirty, too. Cedric, Sebastien, Francois... All their deaths were in vain. All this bloodshed. Even as far back as our Master, Godfrey, murdered on the road. Be in no doubt it is true. It all leads back to the head of our own church, Christ's Vicar on earth, our spiritual master, Pope Boniface. Brothers, we must act. But be in no doubt about the gravity of what I'm about to ask you. Tomorrow, I will ride to the commandry near Chartres where I will speak with our Grand Master, Jacques. For when he learns what has happened here, I believe he will call on every Templar in Christendom to take up arms against the Pope. Then you are ordering us to join you in a war with our own church? I will order no man to ride with me. It is a momentous thing to move against the Pope. You each have the right to plead Brother's Privilege and to remain in the house. For those of you that wish to join me, know this... You could be branded a heretic. I hardly need to remind you of the consequences of that. If that happens, you will be excommunicated, your soul will be denied all holy sacraments, and your body will be burned at the stake. Sophie, you're released from my service. Your Grace? We shall say that I forced you to escort me to Navarre, and that you did so under protest. No. What I am about to do carries great risk. You must not be a part of it. Forgive me, my lady. But if you'll have me, I should like to return with you to the Navarre. Are you sure? With all my heart. Make way! It's colder than I remembered. Forbidding. Find Isabella and arrange for her to meet with me. Make sure you're not seen. So you're one of them now? What have you been doing? We thought you were dead. I've been learning their ways, training with them. Why? Because... they want me to take Godfrey's place in their order. I don't understand why these people care so much about the Grail. Because... you know this... It's dangerous. In the wrong hands, it can be used to justify war and bloodshed. Then why not burn it? It's a Christian relic, and they're Saracens. If it's that dangerous, burn it. Be done with it forever. I can't tell you everything, but I will tell you this... The Grail is not just the Cup of Christ. It goes back further than you think. It means more than you think. Master, the Pope has denounced you. Grand Master De Molay has issued an order for your arrest. It makes no difference. I'll speak with him. We ride as planned. I'll make my case to Grand Master De Molay myself. Her Grace, Queen Joan. Is it true? Queen Elena is dead? Had I been a better Queen, I would have managed to end things peace... fully. My wife has won us a great victory in Navarre. To Queen Joan! Queen Joan! And France! And France! France. How is our child? Kicking. Did the others kick? I can't remember. Of course. All babies kick. Didn't we say our children were regal, even in the womb? Too regal to kick? Forgive me. My journey has been long. II would like to rest. Of course. You called for me? One moment. Landry, I know I have no right, but whatever happens tomorrow, you will not ride alone. I would like to be at your side. I know. That's why I'm giving you this. This is yours. If I take this back, my devotion to the Temple will be unrelenting. But I must ask that my orders never cause me to betray the Brotherhood of Light. Kneel. Tancrede De Hauteville, who was our Brother, is at the door and requests readmission to the house which he left through his own fault, and he awaits the mercy of the House. Good Brother, do you know this man who was our Brother? Has he done anything to which he may not nor should not reenter the House? For if he has not, he should regain entry. He has not. Good Brother, you have behaved foolishly in that you left our order and our House. I am greatly vexed that I have acted foolishly, and I will make amends willingly to establish the House. Rise, Tancrede De Hauteville. You are our Brother once more. Brother. Mother! Isabella. I'm so glad you're safe. I need you to pack your belongings. Do it yourself. Say nothing to anyone. We're leaving for Navarre. What? I cannot explain now, but I promise you all will be well. What happened in Navarre? Elena lost her mind over her son's murder. Why didn't you tell me? Tell you what? You had me believe that your only involvement in Lluis's death was to give De Nogaret the remedy. That's all I did! Isabella, you jumped from the carriage at exactly the right moment. You knew what you were doing. Why didn't you confide in me? I will always protect you. You made a mistake. I won't judge you. You told me I've made a mistake, and then you say you won't judge me?! Isabella, don't fight me just because you feel ashamed. I'm your mother. Isabella! We can't resolve this now, but there will be time. Get ready. I will send Sophie when it is time. Landry? What makes you think Jacques de Molay will help you? Because he is the Grand Master of the Order of the Knights Templar. It is his responsibility to protect the Order against any threats. And you're going to tell him that the Pope, God's representative on Earth, is a liar? I'll tell him everything... Godfrey, the Grail. He needs to know what kind of man this Pope really is. Supposing he believes you. Then what? We will muster the combined forces of the Temple in France. And we will challenge the Pope. I've lost the Grail twice, and I will not lose it again. Master, forgive me. I plead Brother's Privilege and request permission to remain in the House. It is your right, Brother Anthony. Master, I, too, plead Brother's Privilege and request permission to remain in the house. Master, I plead Brother's Priv... You act according to conscience. Your decisions are respected. If we ride alone, do we still ride? Our Brothers have a choice. I do not. Master, we ride against everything we know. But we are with you. By the grace of God! By the grace of God! Their loyalty is a testament to your leadership. I'm no great leader. If you're with the Brotherhood of Light, you should know that. The Queen? Part of me knew. Part of me always knew. I saw the way you looked at her. It was never the look of a monk. You know about the child? Aye. A child she wants me to have nothing to do with. And don't start. I've had enough of that from Gawain. I am not Gawain. However disappointed I might be with you, I would never try to kill you. I should have seen what was happening to Gawain. I didn't realize until it was too late. We lost Gawain on the docks at Acre. It's time we both accepted that. It seems they're expecting us. Master Berenger. Master Landry. You must know there's an order for your arrest. We have no quarrel with you. We're simply here to see the Grand Master. Is he in residence? Grand Master. You've got gray in your beard. How in God's name have we come to this? Templars at war with the Pope? It's against everything we stand for. Boniface had Godfrey killed, and then he killed my men and stole the Grail. He is mad for power. So am I! So are you! So is everyone who leads men! We need to stop him. Why? He's got the Grail. He can lead us back to the Holy Land. He has no interest in the Holy Land. He seeks a united Europe under his rule. Suppose you're right. That's even better for us. The Grail has been restored to the Church. The Pope will worry about Europe, and you and I can go back to the Holy Land. Everybody gets what they want. I'm not sure that is what I want. What's happened to you? All you ever wanted was to go back there. I don't know. I feel as though the closer I get to the Grail, the further I have gone from God. Landry, take hold of yourself. You're the Master of the Paris Temple. Now, as your friend and your Grand Master, I'm asking you to withdraw your accusations against the Pope. I cannot withdraw them. You must call together all the Temples, find the Pope, challenge him, and recover the Grail. I'm sorry, Landry. You give me no choice. If you do not withdraw, you will be brought before a tribunal to account for your actions. One more time, Landry. Please. Do you withdraw? I do not. He was right. Who was? Sophie. I want you to take this letter to the Temple. We leave at dusk. Is he coming with us? - I don't know. - I can only hope. I trust you're well rested. My own bed has done wonders for my rest. Excellent. Then I should like you to join me for supper this evening. A feast. Tonight? I can think of no better time or occasion than your triumphant return as our victorious Queen. One of your coins from Navarre. Charming. Is something the matter? You seem... agitated. Supper would be wonderful. Good. He knows. Something's wrong. He always hated those coins. He can't know. Why would he invite you to supper if he knew you were carrying another man's child? Say the word, and I can get you out of here. I will not leave. I intend to stand trial. Master, there will be no mercy. They will use everything they know about you. You could end up at the stake. I know. Then why remain? The Pope is here, which means the Grail is here. While they're all occupied with my trial, you can recover the Cup. I will not sacrifice your life for the Grail. I was willing to let you sacrifice yours. Also, the Brothers must hear the truth about the Pope, even if it means I die for it. No matter what they do to me, you must find the Grail and go. Open these doors. We need to get the prisoner to the tribunal. Do I have your word? Quickly. Do I have your word? We are here today to judge the actions of this man, Landry du Lauzon, Master of the Paris Temple. Master Berenger, you may begin. Land du Lauzon, you stand accused of committing five of the Nine Great Crimes. You're accused of laying a hand on another Brother out of anger or wrath, conspiring with the Saracens, striking a Christian with a sharp object, falsely accusing another Brother of a crime, and breaking the seal of Master. How do you respond to these charges? After Godfrey's death, I was ordered by His Holiness to find the Holy Grail. Everything I have done has been in service of that mission. You do not deny the charges? Deny or accept, nothing I say can change the will of this council, whose job it is to find me guilty. How dare you insult the sanctity of the Temple! It is His Holiness who insults the sanctity of this Temple by having murdered a Temple Master! Quiet! You tell them how you had Godfrey killed on the road. Your Holiness need not respond to these accusations. I have no issue with answering, Master. The accused is correct. It was me who had Godfrey killed. All clear on the west wall. You admit to plotting the death of a Temple Master? A Temple Master who was a traitor and who formed alliances with Saracens. Everything Godfrey did was to protect the Grail. On the contrary. You know as well as I do that it was Godfrey who let the Saracens into the tunnels under Acre, which led to the death of hundreds of Templar Brothers and brought about the fall of Acre and with it the loss not only of the Grail, but also of our last stronghold in the Holy Land. Can this be true? The city was already lost regardless of Godfrey's actions. What was done was done to save the Grail. But how? The Grail sank to the bottom of the sea. I don't know. And when, miraculously, it resurfaced in France, Godfrey yet again conspired with the Saracens to keep it hidden from his Holy Church! Godfrey is not here to explain his intentions. No doubt he'd be having the same difficulty you're having. Do you deny that you yourself had identical intentions, and that you also conspired with the infidels to hide the Grail? I cannot deny it. But I can say this... My intentions and my actions were only ever in service of the Grail and to deliver it into your hands, which is what I did, on my honor, before God and all my Brothers here present. On your honor, Master? Perhaps it is time for your Brothers here present to learn a little more about your honor. Grand Master, I wish to call a witness. And what did Master Landry do when he heard that a Brotherhood of Light Saracen had been killed by a Templar? He turned the Templar over to the Saracen's father for punishment. Forgive me. The Temple Master turned over one of his Knights to a Saracen for punishment? Why? To solidify his pact with the Saracen leader. They plotted to find the Grail together. Do you deny this? As I said, I acted only in service of the Grail! Once again, you admit to making bargains with Saracens ahead of your duty to protect your Templar Brothers?! I, too, was a victim of his disregard for his Brothers. I helped him find the Grail. But once we had it, my presence seemed inconvenient to him. He struck me. He beat me. He tried to kill me. Gawain, I understand your pain, but tell the truth. You always understood my pain! It was you who tried to kill me. I've heard enough! It is time to render judgement. Please, Grand Master, there is more I must tell you. More? It pains me to bring such disrepute upon our House. You may continue, Brother. Our proceedings here will not be made public. He had relations with a woman, Grand Master, a married woman who now carries his child. Bastard. Seize him! You bastard! Landry, you reveal yourself by your actions. Brother Gawain, you may continue. He considered giving up everything... His Brothers, the Grail... All for this woman. Do you deny it? Yet again, you have forsaken your Brothers, and you lay with a married woman. It is true. Who is this woman? It is none of your concern! When you threaten the reputation of our Temple, your actions become our concern. What is the name of this woman who bears your child? I cannot say. Landry du Lauzon, you are found guilty of five of the Nine Great Crimes. You will be excommunicated. Then a fire will be lit, and you will be burned in the flames of righteousness. And when you die, your soul will not ascend to heaven! Judas! Judas. Does that make you Jesus? Aah! Your Grace. The King asked me to bring you this. Surely this is a mistake. He has given me my own dress? The King instructs you to wear it tonight. He has had it adjusted. Did His Grace say why? No, Your Grace. Have you seen my maid, Sophie? She left earlier today and did not return. I will need help to dress. I have not. Also, Your Grace, the King has asked for you to wear your hair up and braided in the back. The very definition of beauty. Your Grace charms me. All this intrigue. What's the occasion? A surprise. I hope it pleases you as much as it pleases me. Shall we? It's all for you, My Queen. Wherefore in the name of God the allpowerful, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, of the blessed Peter, Prince of the Apostles, and of all the Saints, we deprive Landry du Lauzon of the communion of the body and blood of our Lord. We now separate him from the society of all Christians. We declare him excommunicate and anathema. We judge him damned, with the devil and his demons, to eternal fire! Fiat! Fiat! Fiat! Fiat! Fiat! Fiat! Fiat! Fiat! Fiat! Fiat! Fiat! Fiat! Fiat! Fiat! Fiat! Forgive me, your Holiness. Stop. Hold him. It seems she has come to beg for Landry's life. Landry will burn. Nothing can be done about that. Are you the woman who carries his bastard child? Bless you, no. That would be the Queen of France. I'm his mother, Thank you for the information about the Queen. But as far as the Grail is concerned, there is nothing you can tell me. See her out. I know you want to use the Grail to bring together all Christians in Europe under the Church, but a single cup cannot unite Christendom. Do not underestimate the power of a symbol, even if it is just a cup. But it isn't just a cup, Your Holiness. All those colorful stories and rumors about the Grail since the time of the Apostles, how it can heal the sick and raise the dead. You seem doubtful, Your Holiness. I'm sorry to disillusion you, Madam, but those are just stories. Though my predecessors seem to have believed in its power, I cannot. Those are just tales of magic designed to lure pagans into the Church. There's no secret to the Grail. Of course there is. And how would you know? I am the one Godfrey entrusted to guard the Grail all of these years. What if I told you something that will change what you know of God entirely? And let me guess... All I need to do to gain this marvelous knowledge is to spare Landry's life. After you hear what I have to say, I promise, you will want to spare his life, whether I ask you to or not. Thank you. You've done the hard work for me. You're Brotherhood of Light? You fight like one. Who are you working for? I'll die before I let you take the Grail. Then you will die. I must speak with the accused alone. But Your Holiness, we are in the middle of the Anathema. Things have changed. New information has come to light. This excommunication cannot continue. But Your Holiness... Am I understood? Out! Out! Would you care to dance, my love? If Your Grace will excuse me, I'm in no mood to... You will dance. I've always loved that dress. Do you remember the last time you wore it? I do not. It was the night you danced with Landry. The night he convinced you to return to my bed. He spoke well on your behalf. Of course. He's a good friend. I have something to tell you... Something I've been waiting to say since you returned from Navarre, something that upsets me greatly. The ones we love the most are the ones most likely to betray us. Landry, my son, forgive me. I believe I have made a terrible mistake. What's happening? Your Holiness, there has been an attack. We must take you to safety. The Grail? I'm sorry, Your Holiness. It's been taken. How many roads lead from here? Three, if you count the river. You and your men take to the paths along the roads. Blanket the areas heading from the Temple. I'll take the river. Aah! Aah! This poison tonic was found in your room. Do you deny it? Aah! Who gave you the worm fern? Nobody. Who asked you to poison my child, to kill my unborn child? My child. My child! My son! Enough! Philip, stop it! Why should I? Because I asked her to poison this child. Thank you. It's over. It has been for a long time, hasn't it? Come. Come. Isabella. My wife is very tired after her long journey. Let's give her leave to retire for the night. Quickly! Did you really think I was going to let you leave? No! Did you think I would ever let you leave? No. No. No! The Navarre, the Navarre... With your daughter and my child and your duplicitous face on the coins. "Quick, quick, pack your belongings! Tell no one!" Isabella, you foolish girl! What have you done?! Take her away. Isabella, no! Listen to me! Philip! Punishing me will not mend what is already broken! Philip! Philip! Bastard. You always claimed to understand my suffering. Let's see if that's true. Aah! Aaaaah! Aaaah! Aah! Aaaah! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 