Gentleman Jack: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Gentleman Jack 
 s1e5 - Let's Have Another Look at Your Past Perfect - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Gentleman Jack (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Let's Have Another Look at Your Past Perfect - full transcript 
 The arrival of an unsavory figure from Ann Walker's past stirs up trouble. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ANNE LISTER: Rawson's men are stealing significant amounts of coal. I've told you before, it's a nasty business. She's bluffing about sinking her own pits because how could she possibly afford it? Miss Walker will let Miss Lister dip into her purse, and whatever else she's been letting her dip into. -LISTER: What's the matter? -ANN WALKER: I've had a letter. -LISTER: From? -WALKER: Mr. Ainsworth. I think he wants to marry me. LISTER: You're going to have to make a decision. There's clearly more to it 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 than you're able or willing to tell me. WALKER: He already thinks I'm his, and I couldn't tell anybody because he said it would reflect just as badly on me as it did on him! LISTER: He took advantage of you. WALKER: What are you going to do to him? I haven't decided yet. [TV static drones] [bright tone] [bright music] ♪ ♪ - Anne? - Good morning. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - [sighs] What time is it? - 22 minutes past 10:00. - Is it? [sighs] - How are you feeling? - [moans] I had the same pain here... - Here. - All night. [sighs] I heard the clock strike 5:00, and then... I don't know. Exhaustion must've got the better of me. How long have you been here? - Not long. I sat with Miss Parkhill at breakfast, during which we had a very polite skirmish about which one of us would come up and see if you were awake. - Hmm. - I won. [soft music] ♪ ♪ - I'm wondering if... perhaps you shouldn't say anything to Mr. Ainsworth, should he-- if he turns up on the doorstep. - Why? - I think he'll be angry. Well, he will be angry if he thought that... I'd told someone else about what went on. - Angry? - Embarrassed, humiliated. - You did absolutely the right thing to tell me about...what went on. And if that makes him angry, embarrassed, or humiliated... bad luck. Why don't you get washed and dressed, come downstairs? It'll make you feel brighter. ♪ ♪ [water splashing] I was going to ask. - What? - Could I borrow some money? It's just a temporary thing-- a temporary loan. I'm going to sink a coal pit. - [chuckles] How much? Of course you can. [jaunty music] ♪ ♪ - I was hoping, while I'm here, to see Miss Walker. I hope you don't think it appears unfeeling or indecorous, me coming here so soon after, um... The event. But I have scrutinized my conscience, and I am persuaded that Mrs. Ainsworth would've been disappointed if I'd postponed my meeting with the church trustees here on her account. - Life goes on. - You echo what I know would have been her sentiments. I've collected together a few items I imagined Miss Walker might like. Brought the drawing room scrapbook as a memento of one particularly happy visit. - She isn't well, Miss Walker, since the news of your wife's death came. It seems to have hit her very hard. - Oh, I am sorry. - She was obviously very fond of her. - Well, yes, that explains-- I wrote her after the event and received no reply. All the more reason to call in and offer what comfort I can. - I'm sure she'd be pleased to see you. Her Aunt Walker at Cliffhill invited Miss Harriet Parkhill to stay with her for a few weeks to keep her company. So there'd be no impropriety if you wanted to drop in. [door clicks open] - Oh, well done, Miss Lister! You've persuaded the invalid downstairs. Shall we order some fresh tea? - Yes. Let's do that, Miss Parkhill. - And a note arrived for you, Ann. The Priestleys' servant brought it from New House. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ - Ah, Miss Walker acknowledges receipt of my note. [chuckles softly] And she says she is too... Ill to receive guests. - As I say, it has hit her really very hard. - Are you all right? - I thought it might comfort us both, a chance to reminisce. Of all people, I thought she might... - Oh. - See me. I'm sorry. I am so sorry. I barely know you, and you've been so kind, and here I am, just crying like a child. - Are you sure you feel up to this meeting with the church trustees tomorrow afternoon, Mr. Ainsworth? It can be postponed. - No. I'm determined. It's, uh... it's what Mrs. Ainsworth would have wanted. When Miss Walker used to visit us, my wife, more than once, she would say-- only in fun, you understand-- "Whenever anything happens to me, "Miss Walker, you must look after Thomas." We laughed. And yet the three of us were such kind friends, I do wonder now if she meant it and... if it gave her some comfort to think that after she was gone... - Perhaps, Mr. Ainsworth, if you were to parcel up the drawing room scrapbook and whatever else you brought with you to give to Miss Walker in remembrance and sent it to her with a kind note, it would-- - Yes! Perhaps she does feel the impropriety of a visit so soon, but-- - Small steps, Mr. Ainsworth. - Small steps. I agree. - Well, there isn't-- She isn't-- [sighs] There isn't someone else. I wouldn't be intruding on someone else's-- - No. No, no. No one else. You wouldn't be intruding at all, Mr. Ainsworth. Quite the opposite. - The first thing to understand, Miss Parkhill, about Monsieur Cuvier is that he sets aside the biblical interpretation about how life on Earth began and pursues a more scientific understanding. - But does he not worry that that makes him a heretic? - No. It's curious. Some of the most talented scientific men I've ever met are also some of the most profoundly religious. [chuckles] The more we understand about what complex and sophisticated beings we are, the more in awe of our creator we become, surely. - What made you pursue this man in Paris? Did he not think you were extraordinary? [bell ringing] ♪ ♪ - Morning, sir. - Could I leave this for Miss Walker? Now, I know she's feeling under the weather and isn't receiving guests, per se, but could you tell her that Mr. Ainsworth is here? Reverend Thomas Ainsworth. - Is that him? ♪ ♪ [knock at door] [door clicks open] - Ma'am, the Reverend Thomas Ainsworth is at the door. ♪ ♪ He brought this parcel for you. And he's asking if he might see you for just a few moments. - No. I'm ill. I'm not receiving visitors, other than these two, and perhaps you could remind him he was sent a note to that effect only this morning. - Yes, ma'am. Sorry, ma'am. Sorry, sir. As you say, she's confirmed she's not receiving guests today. - You did say Ainsworth? Thomas Ainsworth? - I did, sir. - Please assure her of my warmest regards. - Sir. ♪ ♪ - He's sent the drawing room scrapbook and a biographical account of himself. - Aw! - What's the significance of the scrapbook? - It's just something we always did together in the evenings when I visited-- the three of us. - I wonder why he sent you a biographical account of himself. [gasps] You don't think he intends to propose to you. Would that not be a good thing, surely? I suppose it is rather soon, but... all the same. A clergyman. - I think I might be better upstairs. ♪ ♪ I'm glad you didn't say anything to him when he called this afternoon. - I still intend to, if it becomes necessary. - Do you think it will? - Well, if they offer him this position at Lightcliffe Church and he hasn't got the message by then and he lacks the wit to turn it down, yes, it may do. - Will you stay tonight? - I'll have to send James over to Shibden with a note for Eugénie to put my night things into a bag for me. - I'm glad I've told you what I told you, but I feel so... humble and depressed in my estimation of myself. - Yes, well, don't. You are blameless. I wouldn't be putting Miss Parkhill's nose out of joint if I stayed, would I? - I doubt it. I think you fascinate her. [chuckles] - [chuckles] - There are some things I'd like you to get rid of for me, if you would. ♪ ♪ He gave them to me. ♪ ♪ - "To my dearest Ann, "the only one I may rest upon. From your own Thomas Ainsworth." "Rest upon"? [sighs] What a wretch. ♪ ♪ You know, I've been thinking for a while now... That this... Without a more formal tie between us, is just as wrong as any other casual connection. - Ah, but we said that... when we settle at Shibden, when we come back from our travels, that would be as good as a marriage, didn't we? - Yes. Yes, and it will be. But... Would you have any objection to taking the sacrament together here or at Shibden and swearing oaths on the Bible? And then I thought we could give one another a ring each. And then we could wear them always. - Swearing vows on the Bible? Like a wedding? - Yes. - In front of people? - No. No. It would have to be a private matter-- a private understanding. But yes, in all other respects, very much like a wedding. - [chuckles] You'll get fed up of me. - I wonder why you have such a poor opinion of yourself. - I don't when I'm with you. When I'm with you, I could take on the world. [chuckles] [soft music] - Well, then. - [chuckles] ♪ ♪ [plucky music] ♪ ♪ - Dear sir, I return your package containing the drawing room scrapbook and your biographical account of yourself unopened. - I have given my friend Miss Lister surveillance... Surveillance. S-U-R-V-E-I-double-L. Surveillance of all my recent correspondence. - Any subsequent communication you choose to make with me should be sent via her at Shibden Hall, Halifax. Yours sincerely, A. Walker. - Anything new, Mr. Ainsworth? - Miss Walker feels it's too soon to be offered these things. [knock at door] Well, perhaps she's right. How foolish of me. Appears I've overstepped the mark. - Put it to one side for the moment, Mr. Ainsworth. Concentrate on your meeting this afternoon with the church trustees. - I know. why don't I pop into Crow Nest and have a few words with Miss Walker myself this afternoon? - Oh, no, that's-- I-I wouldn't-- I don't think you should go to any such trouble, not--not on-- not on my account. - It wouldn't be any trouble. No trouble at all. The...problem with my husband's cousin, Mr. Ainsworth, is that she often doesn't know herself what's in her own best interests. It's not her fault. She's had rather a tragic life full of losses-- I'm sure you know-- and then she's been taken advantage of by one unscrupulous person or another as a result. - It's--as I say, I think it might be best... [knock at door] to leave well alone for the moment. - Ma'am, Miss Lister's here. Should I ask her into the drawing room till you've finished breakfast? - Is that Miss Lister of Shibden Hall? - You've heard of her? - How? - Miss Walker must've mentioned her at some point in the past. - No, Harry, don't show her into the drawing room. Show her in here. - Ma'am. - Miss Lister is rather eccentric, Mr. Ainsworth. But her family is one of the oldest in Halifax, so... - Of course. Once I've said hello, I might pop up to my room and sort through a few of my-- - Good morning. - Miss Lister. - You have company. I hope you'll forgive my intrusion. - This is the Reverend Thomas Ainsworth from Northwich. - How do you do, Mr. Ainsworth? - Mr. Ainsworth whose wife died in the carriage accident last week, who was married to Miss Walker's friend. - You must be heartbroken, Mr. Ainsworth. - Would you like me to ask Harry to bring you in a teacup, Miss Lister? - No, thank you. I can't stop. I came to ask you about-- Sorry, Mr. Ainsworth, this must seem very banal to a man that's just lost his wife. But I came to ask you a favor. - Me? - Mm. We had a carriage accident here during the summer, Mr. Ainsworth. Not quite as tragic as the one your wife was involved in, but a seven-year-old boy lost a leg. His father's one of my tenants, and he'll never work on the farm, sadly. But Mr. Washington, my land steward, one of his girls goes over to read to Henry. And apparently, he's a very bright little boy. So I wondered if you'd have him in your day school, Mrs. Priestley, so he can learn to read and write and account and thereby try to make something of himself. - Oh. - I'd cover his fees. We must do what we can, since the perpetrator of the accident, despite being one of the wealthiest men in Halifax, has failed to acknowledge his part in it. - Who? - I haven't mentioned this school business to the Hardcastles. I didn't know whether you'd have room. I'd hate to disappoint them. They're good people. - Well, I imagine we can sort something out. - Who are you talking about? - Ask him to come along to the schoolroom at 8:00 on Monday morning. I'll tell Mr. Wilkinson to expect him. - Anne, who caused the accident? - I can't prove it. None of the witnesses will testify. They're too frightened of who they'd be accusing... On the bench. [dramatic music] - Mr. Rawson? - I'll see myself out. ♪ ♪ Mr. Ainsworth, sorry to have disturbed you. ♪ ♪ - Miss Lister! Miss Lister! - Oh, hello. - I, um-- so, uh, first of all, you must allow me to apologize for--for--for being rather too insistent with-- with--with your friend Miss Walker. - Mm. - However... - When are you leaving? - In my defense-- Sorry? - When's your meeting with the church trustees? - This afternoon, 2:00. - Good. So you're leaving...when? - Tomorrow morning. But--so the thing is-- the thing I need to explain, the thing you should understand-- - What you need to understand, Mr. Ainsworth, is, even if you were offered the position, it would be very unwise of you to accept it. - Sorry? - I don't wish to embarrass you any more than you've embarrassed yourself already, but... - When I wrote that first letter to Miss Walker-- I imagine that's what this is about-- the wording was, I accept, somewhat overfamiliar. And I may have been rather too quick off the mark as well. But the thing is, I was under the influence of... [whispering] Opium, which is not--not something I would normally do, but I had had a toothache and my wife had just died. - Yes, but we're not just talking about a crudely worded letter, are we, Mr. Ainsworth? Miss Walker has been very... explicit about what went before the letter. And knowing all the circumstances as I do, I hope you would appreciate the propriety and necessity of abstaining from any further communication with her. - No, no, no. The thing--the thing-- - Otherwise, you will be exposed, Mr. Ainsworth... As an adulterer and a fornicator. - All right. All right. All right, then. Now, the thing you must appreciate, Miss Lister, is that there is always more than one side to such--such a thing. - No, Mr. Ainsworth, not in this case. You took advantage of a vulnerable young woman. You inflicted yourself on her. - No. - And those-- Yes. And those advances were unlooked for and unwanted. - No, that's-- no, that-- - With your wife in the next room, you repeatedly, calculatedly preyed on her vulnerabilities and insecurities until-- Don't. Do not tell me she was complicit in it. You preyed on her insecurities to the point where she believed she deserved no better. - She wanted it more than I did. ♪ ♪ - If you weren't so insignificant, Mr. Ainsworth, I would horse-whip you until you were black and blue. As it is, I'm mortally sorry you are not worth knocking down. - Yes, well, if you expose me, you expose her. - Mm. And that is the only reason I am giving you the opportunity to leave here and return to Northwich with something you barely deserve, Mr. Ainsworth: your reputation intact. And once more, I urge you to appreciate the propriety and necessity of neither Miss Walker nor myself ever hearing anything about you in this world ever again. And I trust we have no reason to fear bumping into you in the next. ♪ ♪ - All right, then. ♪ ♪ - I've dwelt on Holt's figures for sinking this pit, and I think we can do it. - Really? Really? - I've heard nothing back from the Rawsons since I said I wanted £160 and 10 shillings for the upper bed. And I asked them to get back to me within a week, which they haven't done, so... let's get down there ourselves, find out what's going on. - Who will you get to sink the pit? - Holt wants to put it out to tender and invite people to bid for it. - Well, do you want me to organize that, put the word about? - Let's do it. - How about a fortnight on Friday for the bidding? That'd give 'em chance to get their bids costed. Fortnight on Friday down at the Stags Head? - Mm. Oh, and I've got a message for the Hardcastles, if you're going anywhere near Roydelands. [jaunty music] - Argus. [water splashes] Morning. - Morning, ma'am. - Morning. - Good morning, Madame. - Good morning. - Ma'am. - Oh, I need to talk to you. - Hmm? - Not now. - How's Miss Walker? - On the mend. - Tomorrow Mr. Abbott is coming to tea. - What time? - 4:00. Will you be here? - No. ♪ ♪ [soft music] ♪ ♪ - Dear sir, last time I was in York, you had a French onyx cabochon and rose-cut diamond engagement ring in your display cabinet which I would like to purchase and for which I enclose a banker's draft of £30. - Miss Lister. ♪ ♪ - I'd like a banker's draft for £30 made payable to Messrs. Barber & Cattle in York. - Yes, ma'am. ♪ ♪ [pigs snorting] ♪ ♪ - She's very engaging, Miss Lister. - Do you like her? - You're lucky to know someone so clever and interesting and who cares about you. You hardly need me here when she's so close by. I do wonder if you should consider this marriage proposal, though, if that's what it is. - I'm not... - What? - In love with Mr. Ainsworth. - Does that matter? Could you not be happy enough with him? A clergyman. - What if... I was in love with someone else? - Who? - [sighs] [knock at door] - Ma'am. Mrs. Priestley's at the door. - I didn't hear the bell ring. - She came to the back door, ma'am. - [groans] She sneaks in. - She says her call's on Miss Parkhill as well as yourself, ma'am. - You make it known that you're ill and not receiving visitors, and they turn up anyway. Show her in. [whispering] I might make my excuses and go back upstairs. - Mrs. Priestley, ma'am. - Miss Parkhill! How are you? - Well. Thank you. - Good. And how's the invalid? Mr. Ainsworth has gone for his meeting with the church trustees, so I thought I'd come and have a look at you. I don't know how close you and Miss Walker are and I don't know if you're at all aware, but the family are increasingly concerned about... a relationship that she appears to have become inveigled in. - Oh. Yes. She mentioned... - Mentioned what? - Being in love. - Did she? Mm-hmm. Well... she's certainly been beguiled by someone. And if this--one hesitates to call it a liaison-- but if it were to become any more widely known than it is, she would become a laughingstock-- Well, it would be worse than that. It would be-- I don't know what it would be. She'd be ostracized from polite-- from any society. I don't think she has any idea. She'd be jeered at in the streets. Worse! She'd be pilloried. Two men were hanged in York... - For what? - Mr. Ainsworth may have been a bit quick off the mark, and he may lack a certain gravitas. But there are reasons why, Miss Parkhill. You would be doing Miss Walker an act of great friendship if you were to encourage her to take up his offer of marriage. - I did. I did, but she said she couldn't because she was in love with this other man. Mrs. Priestley, who is he? What do you mean about two men being hanged? - You've been here for several days. You've met Miss Lister. You no doubt find her fascinating and charming. - Miss Lister? Yes. She is. Very. - Miss Lister is unnatural, Miss Parkhill. - I know she studied science under Monsieur Cuvier in Paris. - No. No. No, not that. [soft dramatic music] ♪ ♪ [metallic clink] - You're home early. - Mr. Pickels didn't need me, so I thought I'd get on wi' t'fencing at t'bottom o' t'field. ♪ ♪ - I found this in wi' t'pigs. ♪ ♪ It's your father's. It were my father's before. So I recognize it. ♪ ♪ He always-- [sighs] Your father used to say you could get rid of a whole human body by feeding it to t'pigs. He usually said it when he were drunk, shouting. I often used to wonder if that's how I'd end up. "The only thing they can't eat, of course," he'd say-- trying to prove he could get away wi' it-- "Is metal." ♪ ♪ [knock at door] - Hello? How do? Only me. - [clears throat] - Saw you coming past on t'upper road, wondered if you'd done for t'day. Only I've a couple of jobs need doing if you fancy earning a shilling or two. - I can do, aye. - How's little Henry? - He's gonna go to school. We've just heard. Mr. Washington just called in. Miss Lister's found him a place at a little school in Lightcliffe. She's paying his fees. And we never-- we never asked her! - Oh, well, that's something, isn't it? - Aye. Oh, he's thrilled! - Yeah. - It's fair taken him out of himself. A schoolboy! - Very good. - Any news... about Sam? - We, uh, think he must have walked to Liverpool, sneaked on board a packet, and gone to America. Don't we, love? - America? - Yeah, yeah. - It's what he allus talked about doing if he hadn't had all of us hanging round his neck. - Blimey, it's a long way. I don't fancy that voyage. [somber music] ♪ ♪ - How did you get on? How did you get on, Mr. Ainsworth? - I think, uh, perhaps it was-- you were right. Perhaps it was too soon. - Oh, dear. - Given that Miss Walker seems to have developed such coolness and antipathy towards me since my wife's death, I do wonder if-- even if I was offered the position, which I'm afraid to say may be unlikely now-- it would be foolish and unwise of me to accept it. - But surely that isn't the only reason you wanted the position? - No, of course not. But to live in such close proximity to someone who... one has held in such high esteem and then to be regarded with such obvious disdain by that person, it would be painful to us both, surely. ♪ ♪ - I couldn't sleep. The pain was just as bad, however I tried to lie. Has she gone? - Some time since. - You all right? ♪ ♪ Harriet? - Ann... I think you're in the worst kind of danger... Both in this world and the next. ♪ ♪ [knock at door] - Mm. Hello. - There's a note for you, ma'am. The servant brought it from Crow Nest. You said earlier-- you said you wanted a word with me. - Hmm? Oh, yes. Keep an eye on Eugénie. And next time, any irregularities, I'm your first thought. - Well, yes, ma'am, of course. You're always my first thought, but... - That's all. - [sighs] - My love, I must beg you not to send for the ring you spoke of just yet. I must not and cannot take it until I have fewer torments of conscience. I cannot say that I feel any stronger this evening, and so, weak as I am, have concluded that it would be madness in me to leave the kingdom and go traveling with you at any point in the near future. Yours faithfully and affectionately, Ann Walker. [lighthearted music] ♪ ♪ - My love, you must remember that conscience is not always strictly just. She may be too lenient or two severe. She may be lulled to sleep or tossed in feverish restlessness. We cannot judge ourselves, and I cannot believe you deserve your "torments of conscience." Tomorrow we will talk over any plan most likely to reestablish your health. I will be with you first thing in the morning. Affectionately and very faithfully yours. [bell rings] ♪ ♪ - Miss Lister. - You all right, Miss Parkhill? - I, um... Find I haven't much appetite this morning. - Oh, dear. Yes, you do look a bit peaky. Perhaps a walk? Do wrap up, though. It's blowy out there. - I'll be in the other room if you want my company. [clock chiming faintly] - [sighs] What's happened? - I think... I should take Mr. Ainsworth. - Has he been here? - No. No, I haven't seen him. I don't-- I don't think we should do this anymore. [solemn music] You haven't sent off for that ring, have you? ♪ ♪ - What's been said? - Two men--three months ago-- were hanged outside a prison in York in front of a crowd of thousands who jeered at them for-- for doing what we do with each other. - Who's told you that? - Miss Parkhill. - How does Miss Parkhill know what we do with each other? - She doesn't, but people are starting to make assumptions. - Unless you've told her. - I would rather die than people know what we do! ♪ ♪ People are making assumptions. - Based on what? - Mrs. Priestley was here. - [scoffs] When? - Yesterday afternoon. I went to lie down. That was a mistake. - Well, I'm sorry Mrs. Priestley has brought Miss Parkhill into it, for her sake. - Well, it won't just be Miss Parkhill. You can guarantee Mrs. Priestley will have done the rounds. Cliffhill, Stoneyroyd, Gledholt, Lord knows where else. We'll be the talk of the entire neighborhood. The whole of Halifax and Huddersfield will be making lewd comments about us. - We are friends. We are respectable women who are friends, and that is the beginning and the end. And if we continue to present ourself unashamedly in that manner, then the whole thing-- finally-- will reflect badly only on Mrs. Priestley. [sighs] I've said this before and I'll say it again, and it's true. ♪ ♪ Have some courage, Ann. ♪ ♪ [sighs] What men do is completely different to what we do. - No, it isn't. - Yes, it is. First of all, between men, it's illegal; it's a criminal act. Between women, it isn't. So... - It isn't? - [sighs] We haven't committed a criminal offense. We can't be hanged for it. - Are you sure? - Yes. However, if it were a criminal offense, if it were to become one, well, then... I would have to put my neck in the noose. Because I love and only love the fairer sex. My heart revolts from any other love than theirs. These feelings haven't wavered or deviated since childhood. I was born like this. And I act as my God-given nature dictates. If I was to lie with a man, surely that would be unnatural. Surely that would be against God, who made us, every one of us, in all of our richness and variety. You are the same. You told me so. You feel a repugnance towards forming any sort of connection with the opposite sex. - Shh! - Don't let them poison you against me. [sniffles] Against us. ♪ ♪ We can be happy. You know we can. We can have a rich life together. - What if... I were to marry him, if only for appearance's sake? We could still see each other, couldn't we? - That would never do for me. [sighs] Why should I compromise myself to lie with another man's wife? What does that make me? A liar, a cheat, and a fornicator. And that is not what I want. And that is why our present connection without a more solemn tie, for me, is wrong. I want you to be my wi-- I want you to be my wife... And everything that that means. I know we can never have children. That is a great sadness. But everything else: to love and to cherish and to have and to hold, according to God's holy ordinance. - Anne. Anne, I adore you. When I'm with you, nothing else matters. The whole world makes sense, but-- but as soon as I'm alone with nothing but these-- oh, God, these thoughts, I just--I can't face the world like you can, let alone my own family. - But you never need be alone. You can be with me always at Shibden. We can navigate this life and everything that it throws at us together. And with God's blessing... he will give us strength and courage. Come on. We must agreeable-ize with Miss Parkhill. - No. - [sighs] We can't have her sitting in there on her own, thinking things. She must see us for what we are: polite, kind, good people. - You don't know how sorry I am to see you go, Mr. Ainsworth. - Thank you for your kind hospitality. - Let's hope we meet again, Mr. Ainsworth. Let's hope it isn't too long before we do. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ [bell rings] [indistinct chatter] - [whispering forcefully] Mr. Whitley, sir! - Good morning, Miss Lister. - Hmm! James' "Life of Charlemagne." Yes, that's very good. I've read that... twice. It's excellent. - What can I do for you this morning, Miss Lister? - I'm looking for a Book of Common Prayer. Gilt-edged, bound-- if you have it-- in red Moroccan leather with an attractively marbled flyleaf. - I do have one exactly like that but at 8 shillings. - Good. [chuckles] [dog barking] [indistinct chatter] - So what have you heard? - One of the men at Swan Bank told me this morning that her land steward has invited bids for the sinking of a new pit above Conery Wood. - Mr. Rawson, please. [coins jingle] - I've got it! - I think I got one. - So that's right on top of where the trespass is. They're auctioning the job off at the Stags Head at Mytholm a week on Friday. We have to agree to her price for the upper bed. You have to let me go and offer her what she's asking. - I'm not paying her fucking silly prices. Does she think we're stupid? - No, she thinks we're stealing her coal. She knows we're stealing her coal, and she wants paying for it. I think it's got to the stage where we-- where you have to accept we have no choice, not if we want to stay in production and not get found out and, God knows, not have legal action taken against us. - What would it cost, something like that? Rough estimate, if she was to sink a pit like that herself. - 2,000. And it is true, what Mother said. Apparently, she's over at Crow Nest morning, noon, and night. And if she really does have her hand in Ann Walker's purse, then... she could have a pit sunk within six months. - So why is anyone letting her have her hands in Ann Walker's... anything, for God's sake? - I don't know. But if they're friends, why shouldn't she? Who's going to stop her? Until she marries, it's her money. She can do with it as she likes. Christopher. Christopher. Why don't I arrange to see her and-- - No. No, love, no. If she wants to start running with the big dogs, then she's gonna have to find out what it's like when they really start biting each other. ♪ ♪ - I inscribed it for you. - "There bends no rood so low "but it may rise again. "Who that has that hope which human power "nor gives nor takes "can ever feel forsaken or forlorn? "God bless you, my dearest Ann. Ever affectionately and ever faithfully yours." [sighs] What did you do with that Bible and that ring that I gave to you that he gave to me? - They're safe. Why? - [chuckles] - Do you like it? - It's beautiful. It's exquisite. Thank you. - You know, when you told me about Mr. Ainsworth... Well, what he did-- and I suspect it's something you've never told anyone else... - Of course not. Who else could I have told? - When you told me, it gave me a responsibility. It gave me a power over you, which I intend to use wisely and very much in your best interests. I'll never let you down. [soft music] Time is a great thing. I don't believe these misgivings about Ainsworth will last longer than a season. Now, come on, let's go downstairs. We can't keep avoiding Miss Parkhill. - She was no happier after you left this morning, despite all the trouble you took with her. - Well, then I shall redouble my efforts. I'll have to. I can't go home. Marian's got Mr. Abbott round for tea. - Mm, yes, no, the best thing you can do with an old building like this is knock it down and start again, because the land's perfectly good, and it's in a desirable enough position. I'm not saying you should, obviously. It's over 400 years old. It's a relic. - Have more fruitcake, Mr. Abbott. - And I know some people find that sort of thing interesting, but, Miss Lister, you're elderly. I hope you won't mind me making that observation. It must be very cold for you now winter's almost upon us. - Yes, but-- - And you must be a martyr to rheumatism. Tell me if I'm wrong. Or gout or arthritis or-- - I have lived here all my life, Mr. Abbott, and funnily enough, I have never once-- - You've got ulcers. She's got ulcers on her leg. - [stammers] You're hardy, of course. I understand. All I'm saying is, you'd marvel at some of the new technology. Some of these new houses, they have under-floor heating. - Oh, like the Romans? - [chuckles] - Knocking down Shibden has never been on anyone's agenda, nor will it ever be. - Tell us about New Zealand. - New Zealand? - And Australia. - What about New Zealand? - What fascinating countries they must be. - I told my aunt and my father and my sister that you had property out there. - Oh! [laughs] Yes. But I've never actually been. - Oh, I thought-- - Lord, no. A voyage like that would never do for me. And anyway, I haven't time. [chuckles] - My father was in Boston during the Tea Party. - [laughs] Rather you than me. - It's such a shame Anne's missed you. - Mm! Yes. I was looking forward to meeting your elder daughter, Captain Lister. You hear so many stories about her down in Halifax. Course, I always take them with a pinch of salt. I'm sure I'd get on with her perfectly well. I'll talk to anybody. - [laughs] - How about a walk? - Dr. Day said not to exert myself any more than necessary. - A short walk. - He said my spine's too weak even for that at present. I did ask him. - How can any medical man in their right mind advise against fresh air? What do you think, Miss Parkhill? - I imagine Dr. Day knows what he's talking about, even if he didn't have the benefit of studying under Monsieur Cuvier in Paris. - [sighs] I think we should visit Dr. Belcombe again in York. I think York would be an all-round good thing. I could introduce you to some of my better-connected friends, and you could have the benefit of the very best medical advice at the same time. Come on, let's have a hit of backgammon before we vegetate. Come and thrash me like you usually do, Miss Walker. - You don't have to be here, Miss Lister, if you're bored, if you're itching for a walk. I came-- I was asked here by Miss Walker's aunt to keep her company whilst she was under the weather. And to be candid, there barely seems any point in me being here when you're here so often. - [sighs] The more, the merrier, surely, Miss Parkhill. Come on. Let's not fall out, for Miss Walker's sake. It's entirely unnecessary, and we were all getting along so nicely before. Let's have another go at your past perfect. - Two's company. - Well, Miss Parkhill, if that's how you feel, perhaps-- I don't know-- you should go home. - I'll be in the other room. - [sighs] [door clicks shut] - You shouldn't have said that. She's my friend. She's my guest. - Mrs. Priestley should never have used her like that. - I can't do this. - I appreciate it's not her fault. She's been put in a difficult position, but-- - I shouldn't have told you about Mr. Ainsworth. I shouldn't have said anything. I should've just kept it all to myself. - No, you did absolutely the right thing to tell me-- - If only you'd allowed me the time we that had agreed. If only we'd stuck to your birthday for the yes or the no instead of forcing me into that ridiculous business with the purse! - You came up with the ridic-- with the business with the purse. - Only because I didn't know what to do because you were pushing me because I could barely think straight! Then none of this would've happened. - Let me go and apologize to her. Come on, we can sort this out. I'll apologize to her, and-- - I can't do this, Anne. - Yes, you can. - No, I can't. It's become impossible. I shall have to take Mr. Ainsworth. - No. - I shall. It's clear to me. It's utterly clear to me now. It's the only way forward. - No, Ann. - Yes! Or I will have no peace, either from them or in here. I think-- I think you should go. I can't-- I can't do this anymore. It's wrong! - No. It's perfectly natural. - Yes, it is. It's wrong! It's repugnant! It's against God! It's queer! [somber music] ♪ ♪ - You do understand-- you do-- It does occur to you-- presumably, hopefully, occasionally-- that I have feelings too when you say something like that? Hmm? ♪ ♪ You agreed to swear oaths on the Bible. You agreed to take the sacrament with me. How on Earth can you talk about taking Mr. Ainsworth? - I'll still lend you the money to sink your pit. I said I would, and I will, whatever happens. - Sorry? - I'll still-- - How dare you? - What? - What do you think I am? - No, I-- - I wouldn't take it. You'll marry Mr. Ainsworth and lend me some money? I don't think so. Do you seriously imagine that I'd take it? - No, Anne, listen-- - If you were my wife, that's one thing. If you were someone else's, no, never. I'd rather starve. And anyway... I wouldn't exploit you like your idiotic tribe of relations do. I'm going home. - Anne. - You understand nothing about me. I thought you did, but you don't. Absolutely nothing! [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ She neither deserves nor understands what I've done for her in getting rid of this... fellow. I ought not to care. I ought to let her take him and have done with it. She's too insipid and nervous and poorly for me, surely. And what would I do with her abroad? Even if I could get her there, I'd only have trouble with her. And for what? If she had any real feelings for me, she wouldn't carry on like this, surely. - Y'goin' home? - What the hell are you do-- [blow lands] [Anne grunts] ♪ ♪ - I asked you if you're goin' home. - [gasping] - Some people think it's time you went home and stayed there. Keep still. - [gasping] - Keep still, you dirty fucking Jack! - God damn you! [both grunt] [gasping] [both grunting] ♪ ♪ - [spits] Leave Miss Walker alone. [ominous music] ♪ ♪ - [spits] - ♪ Behind her back, she's Gentleman Jack ♪ ♪ A Yorkshire lady of renown ♪ ♪ Ever so fine, won't toe the line ♪ ♪ Speak her name and gentlemen frown ♪ ♪ At Shibden Hall, she had them all ♪ ♪ The fairer sex fell under her spell ♪ ♪ Dapper and bright, she held them tight ♪ ♪ Handsome Anne seduced them well ♪ ♪ Gentleman Jack, oh, Gentleman Jack ♪ ♪ Watch your back, you're under attack ♪ ♪ Their husbands are coming, you'd better start running ♪ ♪ For nobody likes a Jack-the-lass ♪ ♪ Jack-the-lass, Jack-the-lass ♪ ♪ No one likes a Jack-the-lass ♪ ♪ The code is cracked, your bags are packed ♪ ♪ The knives are out for Gentleman Jack ♪ [bright tone] -Fell off a wall? -It was dark. Those aren't the sort of injuries anyone gets from falling off a wall. JEREMY LISTER: Mr. Rawson found out that Hinscliff was his rival for your coal. He no longer seems to fear that you'll sink your own pits. ANNE LISTER: I've become rather more fond of Ms. Walker. I could make her so happy. Moving here, it's a big step for her. There seems to be anxiety about Anne's... health. She isn't in her right mind. (WHISPERING) Very strange things have been happening. And no one believes me. (STARTLED) No. No! No-- 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 