Gentleman Jack: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Gentleman Jack 
 s1e8 - Are You Still Talking? - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Gentleman Jack (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Are You Still Talking? - full transcript 
 Difficult news from Shibden spurs Lister to leave behind her new lifestyle in Denmark. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 If Marianna and I ever did get together after all our trials, finally, the world might make sense. Mr. Rawson, stealing my coal when I'm not here to manage it. Could you secure me a loan? What security could you offer? The deeds to Shibden. I still love you, more than your Miss Walker ever would have done. Then come and live with me at Shibden. That is what we always said. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 "When Charles dies!" So what am I supposed to do, just wait, yet again, for this maybe, sometime, never event? My cousin and his mother are coming to us for dinner next Wednesday. A great kindness if you would join us. I shan't marry him. I want to go home. There's no one there to look after you, Ann. What have you done? I don't know. - My dear Aunt. Providence has once again bent her gently smiling beams my way. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 When I visited Madame de Bourke in the Rue Faubourg Saint Honoré and told her of my indecision whether to go north or south, she wasted no time in begging me to accompany her niece, a Miss Sophie Ferrall, to Copenhagen. The young lady in question is a sensible girl of 24 who lately turned down a Russian with an income of 2,000 a year, as a result of which. Madame de Bourke barely knew what to do with her, and so she is sending her back to her sister, the Countess Blucher, in Copenhagen. - He was 20 years older than me. The Russian. She didn't tell you that... My aunt? - Mm-mm. - I would only ever marry for love, and I told her this, and she said, "Sophie, you are naive." Do you think I'm pretty, Miss Lister? - I think you dress prettily. - Yes, but me? I've seen you looking at me. - I've seen you looking at me. - Well, you are very unusual to look at. What are you running away from? - Why do you think I'm running away from something? - A woman... of your rank, traveling alone. It's a curious thing. Has someone broken your heart? What a vivid imagination. - I think I've touched a nerve. So? Who is he? - She? - And so our course is set. We left Paris and traveled via Meaux to Epernay. Then on Thursday, we passed into Luxembourg, and then over the Moselle into Prussian territory. From Wittlich, we were obliged to hire four horses to take us over the mountains and arrived in Koblenz on Sunday at 4:10. Then at Marburg, I slept in my greatcoat, as the bed was damp. At Kassel, Miss Ferrall and I took a calèche and went to visit the Palace d'Hercule, which was stunning, although, hmm, the waterfall was a disappointment. Just before I left Paris, I received the letter you forwarded me from Mrs. Sutherland in Inverness. Apparently, Miss Walker is no better. If anything, she sounds worse. Mrs. Sutherland hinted at some sort of breakdown, although she gave me no details as to the nature of it, and indeed, I got the idea there was rather more to it than she was saying, though Lord knows what. I wrote back three pages full of sound advice... and hope to hear from her again when I reach Copenhagen. - Miss Lister. Oh. Oh, hell's bells. - Our John can get over to t'hoss fair in Otley first thing at morning and buy another, but we've sent lads home. There'll be no more sinking this pit till we get gin turning again. - You know what I'm going to say to you, though, don't yer? Eh? - Money. Buying broken carriage horses is a damn sight cheaper than hiring a pair of eight-year-olds till summat goes wrong, and then it isn't. - They said they can sink this pit at 23 shillings a yard. - They took a risk, and they've been unlucky, so they're gonna be breaking into whatever contingency they budgeted for, and they've only been at it for six weeks. - Right. Well, what? Do you want me to write and tell her? - Well, I think she needs to know that realistically, she might have to part with more money. Yes, I know, I know, but everything's pared down to a minimum as it is, and it is a damned dangerous business to be cutting any more corners in. - I don't think there is any more money. That's the thing. - Ah. - That must be her. - Thomas, our carriage. - Miss Lister! - Miss Lister, Miss Lister! - Ah, there you are. - Lady Harriet. - Hello. - Mr. De Hagemann. - Welcome to Copenhagen, Miss Lister. - Could we drop Miss Ferrall off - at the Countess' address in... - Uh, Blancogarde. - Of course. - Yes, yes. - How was the passage? - Terrible! - We've arranged rooms for you at the Hotel Royale - on the Roskilde Road. - Excellent. - Our carriage is this way. - Come. - Eugénie, you tell Thomas it's the Hotel Royale. - Yes. - Yes, yes. - Wonderful. - It's through here. - Thank you for coming to get us. - Will it do? - Ah! It's perfect. Thank you. You've been very kind. - Oh, Miss Lister, it's a treat having you here. And Vere says you intend to stay through the winter? - Until the spring. Then I shall sail to St. Petersburg and on to Moscow, unless events take me home. You don't have any correspondence for me, do you? - Yes, we do, actually. - Ah, I took the liberty of giving some of my people your address. Vere said you wouldn't mind. - Oh, not in the least. - Not for a moment. - Here we are. - Is this all? - Yes. - Were you expecting something particular? - I have a... friend who's been unwell. Her sister wrote to me from Scotland for some advice while I was in Paris... Just before I left, in fact, four weeks ago, and I wrote back, but... I just thought there might have been something else from her to let me know how she was. - Oh, dear. - I... I'm sorry. - She's still there. She hasn't moved for... almost half an hour. - Well, she's not hurting anyone and getting fresh air, so... - Did that letter ever turn up? - Hmm? - Miss Lister's letter from Paris with her forwarding address in Copenhagen. - Oh. - No. - No, I've not seen it. - Have you looked? - Yes. I told you I had. - Well, it's a mystery, then. Things get thrown out occasionally by accident. - Well, I can't send her my letter, then, thanking her for her kind advice. I'm sure she's reached Copenhagen by now. - Well, I hardly think it matters. I'm not convinced it was the right thing to do anyway, trying to involve her again. Does Ann know you wrote to her? - No. - I was going to tell her when Miss Lister replied, but because you didn't want us to follow her advice, I was worried that it might cause more harm than good. - I don't mind if you want to follow her advice as regards her seeing a medical man, but why she insists on taking her all the way to York to see Dr. Belcombe when we have perfectly good medical men here, I can't fathom. - Well, it's only that she knows him, I suppose, and likes him. - I'm glad you didn't show it to her. I do worry that it's unhealthy, this... obsession she has with Miss Lister. - Obsession? - Well, isn't it? You said she's always talking about her, and she's drawn her. There is a picture - in the back of her sketchbook. - Is there? - How do you know this? - I looked. - It isn't an obsession. They're friends. Ever since... When Mother died so quickly after Father, she was one of the first people to visit us. She was always so cheerful and kind. Yes, she always left a great impression on Ann. - I'm going to invite Alexander again, and his mother. I thought it went rather well the other week. I wonder if I should persuade him to whip up the courage to propose to her again. - No. No, he needs to accept the answer she gave him the last time she was here. - I think it would do her good to be married, settled, and to have children. It would give her something to think about other than herself. - Giving birth doesn't always rid one of one's demons. - Really? Well, good gracious me. It certainly should. - We're so grateful to you, Miss Lister, taking the trouble to bring my sister all this way. - Ah. - Miss Lister likes trouble. - And everyone says that you're staying in Copenhagen through the winter, - Miss Lister. - So sorry. - Oh, well, then, you need to be presented at court. - Mm! - Yes! It's no good being here all winter without being presented at court. - Really? - Not if you want to make friends or have any sort of social life. - Exactly. - You can sort that out, De Hagemann, surely? - Well, yes, if that's what Miss Lister would like. - Well, if that's... - I can speak to our chargé d'affaires, Mr. Brown, and see how soon it can be arranged. - I've never been presented at court at home. Surely, wouldn't that exclude me from... - Not necessarily. - Not in Denmark. - Not if you're friends with De Hagemann. - Mr. De Hagemann spends more time with the king than the queen does, Miss Lister. Hardly. I'm one of the king's many aides-de-camp. - Personal assistant. - Oh, and if it's done sooner, rather than later, Miss Lister, you'll be in time to be invited to the queen's birthday ball on the 30th. - Yeah! - Ah. - "No one can do enough for me. "You would be astonished and delighted "by how well I get on. "The De Hagemann are kindness itself, "the Comtesse Blucher has positively adopted me "as her own, "and I really do begin to feel my spirits lift. "My day regularly begins with a two-hour walk "up and down the Roskilde Road "and the afternoons with excursions, "sightseeing or shopping, "often with Lady Harriet, or the Comtesse Blucher, or both." Oh, here we go again. "The Mr. De... 'Hayjiman' "helped me calculate my expenses, "although I soon had the hang of the Danish kroner, "and it will be much cheaper "when I find my own apartment, "given that I intend to be here until the spring. "My best love to you all. Yours affectionately," and then she's signed it. All that energy she has! - You all right? - I'm tired out just listening to what she's been up to. - Aunt, - are you all right? - Yes, yes, of course I am. Read it to me again. - "My dear Aunt, "I hope this letter finds you well. "I'm sorry I've not written sooner, but I've been busier than even I imagined." - "And I'm eager to learn, in as much detail as possible, how the matter progresses." - Read it to me again. - She says... Well, first off, she says that... Uh, you do know about the, uh... pit sinking at Conery? - Yes, she did tell me about it, five minutes before she left. Yes. - Yeah. So I wrote to her about three weeks ago explaining that we'd... they'd... Run into difficul... Well, not difficulties. They had unfor... Well, it wasn't unforeseen, in fact, it was something they really might have anticipated, only, uh, they were trying to keep the costs down. It backfired, and it has been dealt with. The problem now is that there's very little to fall back on if anything else goes wrong, and if anything does go wrong, it needs dealing with briskly so that the works aren't brought to a standstill again. So she's saying, uh, "Please ask my father, "should the need arise, "if we may call on him "for some or all "of the £450 "he offered me some time ago. "Please emphasize to him "this is a contingency, and we may not need to call on him at all." - Yes, and how likely is that? And where'd she get the money in the first place? - Well, I couldn't say, Captain Lister. You know how she loves to keep her cards close to her chest. - But she has borrowed it from someone, and not Miss Walker. - Miss Walker? I don't think so, sir. - She told me it would cost the best part of £2,000 to sink a new pit, and it couldn't be done, and then, two minutes before she's off, it's all happening. So where did she get that kind of money from? - I'm just passing a message, Captain Lister. - Miss Lister, Madame. - How was it? - Ridiculous! I curtsied to the wrong person. Oh, no! - Froken Lister af Shibden Hall I Halifax I West Riding, Yorkshire. - Your Majesty. Oh, I think we'll all get over it. - Oh, this is the queen. - Your Majesty. - Well, well, Miss Lister, of Shibden Hall in... Halifax. - A thousand apologies, Your Majesty. - What brings you to Copenhagen? - Oh, well, where to start? - At the beginning. Tell me about Halifax. - Halifax? - It's in the North, which I understand is in turmoil with all the new, uh, mach... machinery. - Well, yes, some people are up to no good. - It is the future, however, is it not, this new machinery? - Well, that's one way of looking at... - And we must always embrace the future. Isn't that so? - I'm... not always convinced that's necessar... - Do you always wear black? - Well, no. - I... Yes, always. - Why? - It suits me. - But I can see that any number of colors would suit you. - I was engaged to a person, and the person to whom I was engaged - married someone else... - Ah. - And ever since then, Your Majesty, I have been in mourning for my loss, and that's why I rarely... Very rarely... wear anything other than black. - When was this... - catastrophe? - 1816. - That's 16 years ago. - 17. - How romantic. And yet, time you got over it, perhaps? Again, Miss Lister, should we not always look to the future? - Except it keeps happening. - Ah. That's why you're in Copenhagen. You're on the run from a broken heart. When you come to my birthday ball, Miss Lister, which I do hope you will, everyone will be in white. - Ah. - Hello. - Ah. - I just spoke to the Princess Caroline for more than ten minutes. - I've kept meaning to ask, Miss Lister, did you ever hear any more about your friend in Scotland? - No. No, I didn't. I can only conclude her sister didn't like my advice. - Oh, dear. Oh, I'm sorry. - Do you want to dance? - With who? - With me. - Are you all right? - Do you like being a mother? Yes, of course. - No, I mean, really. - It's hard work, and you do feel as though you've had your brain sucked out through your... uterus now and again, but... oh, I wouldn't be without them. - I keep wondering... whether I should accept Sir Alexander Mackenzie. - Why are you saying that? - Well, because isn't it what everyone wants? - Yes, but what do you want? - I can't have what I want, so... - What do you want? - To fit in, not be a nuisance. - No, no, that isn't what you meant. What do you want? Ann? Well, I don't think you should marry him. - Why? - Because he isn't all that he seems. - What? - He's penniless. He was thrown out of the army for insubordination because he has a temper, despite appearances, and his title... He paid for it. It's meaningless. George... Captain Sutherland pushes his suit only because he's his responsibility. - But you've gone along with it. - Only because I never once thought you'd agree to it. Oh, I don't want you to marry him. I'm glad you've gone along with it, the dinner parties and so on, for my sake, but don't marry him, Ann. He's hopeless, feckless, and I won't have you used to mop up someone's debts. You're better than that. - Am I, though? Would it not at least give some point, some purpose, to my ridiculous existence? Might I not have children, and if he's such a misfit, too, could we not find some... odd kind of life together? And at least I'd be near you. If I go home, there's... nothing. - Miss Lister. She did write. - When? - What? - From Paris, six weeks ago. - Si... why didn't you tell me? - Because it was... It was impossible. I'd written to her. I sent it via your Aunt Ann at Cliffhill, and she asked Miss Lister's aunt at Shibden to forward it to her in Paris. I didn't tell her what happened. I just said that you seemed no better and you kept saying there was no one in the world you'd rather be influenced by than her, so I wrote, and I asked her advice, and she wrote back, straight away, within days, all the way from Paris. It was 3 1/2 pages full of sound advice and such affection. - Oh, why didn't you tell me? - Because it was all about seeing Dr. Belcombe again in York, and Captain Sutherland didn't want her to take you all that way, and I couldn't because of the children, and I was worried, Ann. I was worried that it would only make you homesick, and that it would cause more problems than it solved. - Well, what else did she say? Can I see it? Where is it? - I think you should go home. You need to get away from here. I don't want you to be bullied and cajoled into thinking you should marry someone - who isn't right for you. - Where is it? Did you at least write back, to thank her... - No. - Why? I couldn't. She gave a forwarding address in Copenhagen, and I did write a reply to thank her, but when I went to find the letter to address the envelope, it had gone. - Gone? - How? - He's going to keep you here until you marry Alexander. - You mean he destroyed the letter? - Oh, I never thought you'd agree to marry him. I assumed you'd dig your heels in, like always. - Miss Lister will think that you've ignored her. - You need to go home and you need to get her forwarding address in Copenhagen from her aunt. I know you've always liked her, and she obviously likes you. I've never seen a more affectionate letter. Sometimes, often, a good friendship's better than a marriage. - Oh, how can I get home? I've no carriage. - "It is clear to me "that Captain Sutherland will not be satisfied "until all my father's property is in his family, "even if that means "me marrying a relative who he knows to be a penniless rogue." - She was sent there to improve her health! - If it's not one person taking advantage of her, it's another. Can you get up there, William? - It would have to be very carefully planned and managed. I imagine Captain Sutherland has a temper, and as Ann says, Elizabeth can't be implicated for her own sake. - Well, how soon can you go? - Well, not this week. - Or next week. - But perhaps the week after that, we could, if no one else can go up any sooner. Perhaps we should both go, take Miss Walker's manservant. I suppose, ideally, if we could contrive to arrive while he's out... Sutherland. - But even if... - What? - We got her back here, what could we do with her? She'd still be in the same boat. - We'd have to make sure she gets the proper medical help she needs. - Mm, and I suppose a certain someone who shall remain nameless is in Copenhagen, apparently, so we needn't worry on that score. - "During the course of the evening, "all the princesses spoke to me conversationally, "and I also met Lord Hillsborough, "who was returning from Norway with dispatches, "and who has offered to give me any number of contacts in St. Petersburg and Moscow." Ah, you see? She's still planning to go. And why not? "In the meantime, "the De Hagemanns have found me a small apartment "at 158 Amaliagarde, "which is certainly "the most fashionable part of the city, "and recommended me a cook who I mean to take on. "I shall be very comfortable there with Thomas and Eugénie until the spring." - Well, yes, but... Don't you miss her? - Well, of course, but I wouldn't call her back for the world, not when she's doing what she likes doing most, traveling and meeting people, royalty. Surely it's not that bad. - Ah... It is gangrene. - Oh. - It could go either way, but I think if your sister wants to be certain of seeing your aunt again alive, you're going to have to call her back. I'm sorry, I... - It might help if you wrote a note explaining the medical, you know. You know how she likes to think she's a doctor. - Both legs have been edematous for some weeks past, but a small ulcer, which latterly formed on one of them, has increased rapidly in size over the last few days, with gangrene in the surrounding membrane. At present, it has a defined margin, but given the enfeebled state your aunt's health is in, it is not impossible that the gangrene may at any time extend rapidly beyond the present limits and destroy life long before you could possibly arrive back in the kingdom. Eugénie! - Thomas. - Mum! - You've grown, lad. Look at this place, eh? - Mum! - Is your father in? - Uh, no. No, no, he, uh... - What? He's not... he's not dead? - No. Not that we know of. He, uh... we... We think he went to America. - America? - Uh, Uncle Ben's here. - How do, Ben? - Mary. So Sam's gone to America? - Yep. - That's... we don't know that. That's what we always imagine happened, because that's what he used to talk about doing. He just went. One day just... He just disappeared. - Did you have bad words? - Yeah. - I've, um... I've had a bit of bad luck meself. I lost what bit of work I had, and then I lost the house when I couldn't pay the rent, and then Alice left me. I was hoping Sam might let us stay for a couple of days. - You can stay here, Uncle Ben, but you'll have to work. - Aye. - There's plenty to do. - Aye, I would like to work. - And we don't drink anymore. I won't even have it in the house. It's been the cause of too much misery. - Aye. - And if you're staying with us, you must abide by it. And go to church. - When do you expect to be back in Halifax? - Friday. - Thursday teatime, if we're lucky. - We should be in Edinburgh tonight. - And then Durham tomorrow night. - Then Leeds the night after that, then home. - He's not likely to come after us, is he? Sir, ma'am. Captain Sutherland's just been spotted riding back up the lane to the house. - Uh, I'll deal with this. - I'll deal with it. - I'll deal with it. - I'll deal with it. - What's going on? - Oh, hello. I'm just leaving. - I'm sorry? - I wrote to my aunt and asked my cousins to come and fetch me. Thanks for having me. - Hello, Sutherland. - How are you? - I'm surprised, obviously. Mrs. Priestley, ma'am. - Good-bye. Sorry. I'm sorry I didn't tell you I'd written to Aunt Ann. I didn't want to be a bother, that's all. - Is this wise? - She's... She's not better. - No, and yet you have failed to seek appropriate medical advice for her, as you undertook so to do when you collected her - from Halifax. - Eliza. - Say something. - It's my decision! Everything, from now on, when it comes to me, is my decision. - Well, you don't have to slope off like this. Surely, we're all friends. Mr. Priestley. Mr. Priestley! - Giddy-up! - Insolent. - I want to go to Dr. Belcombe in York. - I want to get better. - Absolutely. That can all be arranged. There are other doct... - I want him. - Absolutely. - Has anyone heard from Miss Lister? - Miss Lister is in Copenhagen for the entire winter, apparently, and then, word has it, she intends to go on to St. Petersburg and Moscow, and I do wonder if abroad isn't the very best place for her. - Mm. I do have to say, Ann, that I'm glad that that silly business with Miss Lister is all over. - What is that? - What? - It's nothing. It was an accident. I fell over. It's not what you think. Ma'am. Ma'am. Ma'am! Sorry. We're approaching Gravesend Docks. Excellent. The carriage won't be released from the customs house until at least 10:00 in the morning, and even then, the roads north will be heavy and slow. Are you listening? - Oui, madame. - Yes, ma'am. - But with a bit of luck, hmm, we could be at Shibden by Thursday teatime. - Carriage. - You've said that. - Cow. - And that. - Well, I'm struggling. - Carrots. - Where? - Clouds. - Well, you're warm. - Curlew. No. - I might give in. I'm on the cusp of giving... - I think I'm giving in. - Ann? - I'm not playing. - I've already told you that. - Giving in? Cumulonimbus. Well, there was, half an hour ago when we left Edinburgh. - Get out. - Sorry, ma'am. - You're ridiculous, the pair of you. - Ma'am. - Joseph, help Thomas with the luggage. Welcome home, ma'am. - Cordingley. - Oh. - Hemingway. - Who is it? - It's Anne. - Anne? - Oh! Oh! Anne! Anne? Anne? Is that you? Oh. Oh. - Is she... - She's... quite a lot better. - Oh! - Aunt! How are you? Oh, I'm not entirely sure what all the fuss is about. - She has improved significantly since we wrote to you. - You wrote? - I told you not to! - Yes, but Dr. Kenny was concerned. - He's an idiot. - Yes, yes, yes, well, look. - Look, I'm here now, so... - Would you like some tea? - Yes, tea. - Perfect. Aunt, would you like some fresh tea? I have to get out of these clothes, and I'm desperate for a trip to the necessary. - Oh! - Could you spare me - for a few moments? - Of course! I'll see you downstairs... now! - Oh. - There's nothing wrong with her. She's as bright as a button. - When we wrote to you, believe you me, it could've gone either... - I've risked my life and that of my two servants to get here. I haven't taken this coat off in 15 days! Have you any idea what it's like crossing the North Sea at this time of year? - I wrote to you in good faith. Miss Lister? - I don't suppose you've heard anything about Miss Walker? - Nothing. - She's still in Inverness, as far as I know. Have you still heard nothing from her? - I wonder if Mariana is right about me always being on the run. - From what? - Disappointment. - Father says can you look in on him in the dining room when you've got five minutes. - Well, well. - Marian said you wanted to see me. - Where are the deeds to Shibden? - Ah. Well, now, this is the thing... I needed to borrow some money. - Against Shibden? - To sink the pit. - Have you seen Washington? - No, I've just got here. - There was a partial collapse in the works two days ago. They ran into an old tunnel. It flooded. It's finished, unless I choose to sink what little money I have left in it, good money after bad... They've already got through my £450... - It isn't bad money, Father. - It isn't. If I could just sink this pit... - But if you can't! If you can't do it in the allotted time, you'll lose Shibden. We'll all lose Shibden, and we'll be homeless. - That is a very, very melodramatic way of... Was anyone injured? - No. John Mann had his forehead split open, but apart from that... You're an idiot. What are you doing? - Joseph! - Ma'am. - I want you to take a note to Mr. Washington when I've written it, when you finish whatever meal that is. - Thank you, James. - Ma'am. - I understand why you can't commit to me. What am I? But you came so close. - Joseph. Joseph! Oh, okay, well, then. Ugh. Oh! Ma'am. - Um... - Miss Walker, of Crow Nest. Is anyone in? Um, Miss Lister's aunt, or Miss Marian, or her father... anyone? - Yes, ma'am. - Come in. Miss Walker, ma'am, sir, of Crow Nest. - Miss Walker! We thought you were in Scotland. - I was. - Well, well, well. - How are you? - I'm sorry to intrude. - No, no, not at all. - Please, sit down. - Well, I won't take up your time. I just... I need Miss Lister's address, if you have it, in Copenhagen. - Sh... she isn't in Copenhagen. She's here. - Here? - Oh, um, I mean, she was. - She's gone out. Uh, where did she say she was going? - It's recoverable. It just needs more money thrown at it. Joseph Mann said if you're prepared to share the profits with him, him and his brothers would finish the job. He said he'd be more than happy to come to an arrangement. - I need to weigh up my options. - Of course. It's good to have you back, ma'am, all in one piece. Anne? - Good Lord. - I thought you were in Copenhagen. - I am... I was. Aren't you in Scotland? - I didn't know that you'd written from Paris. They didn't tell me. I mean, my sister did, eventually, but she couldn't write back to you because your letter disappeared with your address on it. Oh, I was so cross when I found out, but you see, the thing is, I don't think she's very happily married... Elizabeth. I think she's frightened of him. I don't think he's very nice. I think he destroyed the letter, and I didn't think this, not at the time, but I think he just married her for her money, and I think that she's miserable. - Well, I suppose that's the trouble with being very rich. You never can be sure of people's motives. - We talked about you... Me and Elizabeth. She said... She thought that sometimes, often, a good friendship is better than a marriage. Are you all right? - Mm. The pit collapsed. Flooded. It's fixable. But it just needs money throwing at it, and I've... I took a gamble. I shouldn't have, but we're not alive, are we, if we're not taking the odd risk now and again? - No. No, we're not. - I should have written again, but when I didn't hear back, I... God, I've missed you. - Have you? There was just one morning. I just thought I couldn't stand it anymore. Must've been after that that Elizabeth wrote to you. - Yes, but she didn't say that you... Oh, Lord. Anne. I would've come straight back if I'd have known that. I... Do you know I don't think one hour passed where I didn't think of you? I tried not to, but every time I closed my eyes, there you were. I met the Queen of Denmark. I curtsied to the wrong person. That was embarrassing, but hey-ho. She... she invited me to her birthday ball. It was interesting enough... The food was very poor... But all night, I kept thinking if you'd have seen me, you'd laugh. I had to wear white satin. Head to toe in white satin. I had two birds of paradise in my hair. One of them fell out in the carriage, but I managed to stick it back in. I don't think anyone noticed, but I made a bit of an impact, one way or another. Friendly people, the Danes. I think I shall go back there one day. - Perhaps I could come with you. You know, if you asked me to marry you again, I wouldn't say no. - Mm. But would you say yes? - Yes. - Would you? And stick to it, and mean it? - Yes. - Take the sacrament with me in church and mean that too. - I love you, Anne. I'm in love with you. I always have been. - Don't hurt me. I'm not as strong as you think. Well, I am, obviously, but... Sometimes, I'm not. - Are we going in or what? - You go in. How do? How do? How do? How do? - Where's ring? - Hi. Uh, where's ring? - Where's ring? - I haven't got it. - It's right there. - All right, give it to him. - He's best man. Right, go sit with me mother. - Sowden. - Miss Lister not here, sir? - Sends her apologies. She had to go to York with Miss Walker. - Thomas, come on. - I'd better... - Yes, yes, of course, lad. Good luck. - Try and smile. - Ooh. - Almighty God... Unto whom all hearts be open, all desires known, and from whom no secrets are hid, cleanse the thoughts of our hearts by the inspiration of thy Holy Spirit... - Do you, Thomas, take Suzannah to be your lawful wedded wife, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish till death do you part, according to God's holy law? - I will. - Ye do truly and earnestly repent you of your sins and are in love and charity of your neighbors and intend to lead a new life following in the commandments of God and walking from henceforth in his holy ways, draw near with faith and take this sacrament to your comfort and make your humble confession to Almighty God, meekly kneeling on your knees. Take and eat this in remembrance that Christ died for thee and feed on him in your hearts by faith... Take and eat in remembrance that Christ died for thee, and feed on him in your hearts by faith with thanksgiving. The body of Christ, which is given for thee. - Amen. - Preserve your body and soul unto eternal life. - Take and eat in remembrance that Christ died for thee, and feed on him in your hearts by faith with thanksgiving. - It's a shame your Sam's not here to see his lad get wed, eh? - Aye. - Well, America. Could've knocked me down with a feather when they told me that's where he'd gone. - But you knew. You're the one that wrote and told them, weren't you? - Me? Who told you that? Not me. I can't write. - So... I think what we should do next is get back to Halifax and then pop in at Cliffhill and explain to your aunt that you're going to move in with me at Shibden. - Not today. - Then we should do the whole of the tribe: the Priestleys, the Edwards, the Rawsons. - Yes, but not today. - I always think it's best to crack on with these things, and then everybody's clear... - Yes, I know you do, but I think we should wait a few days. - Well, yes, but... - Why don't I move in first? I'll bring all my things over to Shibden. Well, not all of them, because they wouldn't fit, but the important things, then we'll tell her. - Yes, actually, that's, a... good. Much better idea. Excellent. Good thinking. Not just a pretty face. - Are you being patronizing? - Of course not. - I can tell when you're being pat... Put your watch away. - I wasn't being patronizing. Seriously, you've got to stop having such a poor opinion of yourself. - I don't when I'm with you, I told you. But I can still tell when you're being patronizing. - I wasn't being patronizing. - Mm. - You are very pretty. - In a certain light. - In a certain light? You do know that you just said that? It came out of your mouth. You didn't just think it. - Sorry, are you still talking? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 