Unsealed: Alien Files: Season 2, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Unsealed: Alien Files 
 s2e10 - Alien Messages - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Unsealed: Alien Files (2012–…): Season 2, Episode 10 - Alien Messages - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 {\an8}NARRATOR: Close encounters. There's no telling where or when they will happen. But of all the possible scenarios, none is more terrifying than the one we're unaware of until it's too late. Home is where we are supposed to feel most secure, but it's also where we are most vulnerable, as sleep provides the perfect opportunity for aliens to strike. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 A typical alien abduction usually occurs at night. The victim is sound asleep in their bed. NARRATOR: Each year, hundreds report alien intruders. How do they enter our homes undetected? And what do they want? Join us as dreams turn into nightmares when reports of bedroom invaders are unsealed. Secret files hidden from the public for decades detailing every UFO account are now available to the public. We are about to uncover the truth behind these classified documents. Find out what the government doesn't want you to know. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Unsealed Alien Files, exposing the biggest secrets on planet earth. Ulster County, Upstate New York, December 26, 1985. Author Whitley Strieber is spending the holidays in his forest cabin with family and friends. At approximately 8:30 p.m., Strieber activates the cabin's alarm system and retires for the evening. In the middle of the night, he is awakened by a strange sound. Rising to investigate, Strieber is shocked to see an alien enter the room. At that moment, he loses consciousness. The next thing Strieber remembers is waking in the woods not far from the cabin. He has no recollection of what has transpired since rising from his bed to face the alien. Haunted by the incident, Strieber undergoes regressive hypnosis to recover the memories of those lost hours. The results are shocking. Strieber recalls floating up  and out of his bedroom into a UFO hovering somewhere above the cabin. On board, he was subjected to a series of torturous medical procedures. One saw a long needle inserted into his brain. In the end, Strieber's therapist attributes his alien abduction memories to a form of epilepsy known to induce vivid and often bizarre hallucinations. But the author utterly rejects the theory. He is convinced that everything he saw and experienced was real. Strieber goes on to write a bestselling book about his ordeal and learns that his experience, while extraordinary, was hardly unique. Just four years later, a 1991 poll estimates that some four million Americans have experienced a similar close encounter. The roper poll states that most of those abducted claim they were taken in the dead of night. They all remember being completely immobilized, removed from their car or beds, and transported to a UFO. There they recall hospital operating rooms, bright lights, and huge-eyed alien beings. Physical procedures are performed while they lie upon examination tables naked, frightened, and paralyzed. It's a sinister pattern. But why do aliens target the bedroom? Is it merely a means of taking victims by surprise? Or does the secret lie in the state of sleep itself? Humans are pretty vulnerable when they sleep. Your eyes are shut and you're not paying attention to what or who is around you. Your brain doesn't necessarily process 100%. A lot of times you may incorporate that into your dreams. Other times, you just don't even process it. Victims of bedroom abduction almost invariably question whether the experience was truly real or just a dream. Is this why aliens target our bedrooms at night? Does the state of sleep offer the perfect cover for abducting humans? Or is something else at work? Author Whitley Strieber claims that he was abducted by aliens fromthe bedroom  of his cabin in Upstate New York. From the blinding light to the feeling of helpless paralysis, his account bears all the hallmarks of bedroom invasion. It's a terrifying experience that's been shared by thousands of others. Mark Rowtly of England is another victim of bedroom invasion. Suddenly, out of the blue, I woke up at 3:00 in the morning terrified, panic-stricken, paralyzed. I knew exactly what was going on. Three entities were in the room. I could see all around the room. I was completely coherent, completely awake, just immobile. With fear? I don't know. Whether they did something to make me immobile, I don't know. Rowtly lies helpless as one of the entities crosses the room. All else I remember is some kind of thing then drilled into my ear. And that was it. I was awake. It was 8:00 in the morning. That was it. There was that missing time. It's a disturbingly familiar scenario, a vulnerable victim, paralysis, intense pain, and hours, often days, of missing time. But despite the seriousness of these claims, the scientific community refuses to investigate them. They instead attribute the bedroom invasion phenomenon to sleep paralysis a temporary physical condition that can occur when entering or emerging from sleep. The victim suddenly discovers they are unable to move. The state often induces a feeling of helplessness that can quickly escalate into sheer terror. Could the victims of bedroom abduction simply be experiencing sleep paralysis? Are the thousands of reports of alien intruders the fevered visions of terrified minds? If so, how can sleep paralysis account for the striking similarities among  thousands of abduction reports? The common element to virtually all bedroom invasions is the blinding light that precedes the alien's arrival. But what is its purpose? Is it a means of gaining access to the victim's bedroom? Or is it a means of paralyzing the victim? Whitley Strieber claims his wife slept through the entire ordeal despite the presence of the light and his physical removal from the bed. How did she not wake up? When people report their abduction experiences, they can say that it happened at night and oftentimes there'll be someone laying next to them who doesn't remember anything. It could be that these ETs have a way of really isolating who they want and really just freezing or suppressing anyone that they don't want to be involved in this particular experience. Does the light simultaneously render some unconscious while removing others to a nearby UFO? Many experts believe that bedroom abductees don't really go anywhere at all. They believe the bright light shifts them into a dimension beyond the realm of human perception. We see the universe in three dimensions, height, width, and depth. And we experience the passage of a fourth dimension, being time. But the world's top physicist estimates there may be as many as 11 different dimensions, and their existence may soon be confirmed. Unsealed case file, Alien Dimensions. Recently released reports have revealed that scientists working at CERN's Large Hadron Collider in Switzerland are actively looking for evidence that the universe contains more than four dimensions. They suggest that the existence of extra dimensions could explain some puzzling properties of the universe. Atoms are smashed together at velocities approaching the speed of light. The fallout from these collisions is beginning to reveal the greatest secrets of our universe  and within five years, we might actually encounter these extra dimensions beyond the realm of human perception. Many ufologists believe that extraterrestrials already possess the ability to shift between dimensions. They also believe that victims of bedroom invasion aren't taken to a spaceship, they are in fact shifted into a dimension beyond the three we are able to perceive. And this is why Strieber's wife remained sound asleep throughout his ordeal. Strieber claims that he awakened in the woods not far from his cabin. But is it possible he made his way outside in dazed pursuit of a UFO that was never really there? Are bedroom invasions the work of aliens traveling between dimensions? Are what the UFO victims claim to see really just illusions? Millions of Americans may have been the victims of alien bedroom invasion. But their claims are difficult to confirm because virtually all abductees are either alone, or their potential witnesses are rendered mysteriously unconscious. Some experts believe the victims aren't taken to a UFO at all, but rather shifted into a different dimension. One account, however, offers compelling  evidence to the contrary and may reveal a previously unknown human element behind the bedroom invasion phenomenon. Unsealed case file, The Linda Cortile abduction. New York City, November 30, 1989. Around 3:15 a.m., two security officers transporting a foreign dignitary spot a large glowing object hovering near a high-rise apartment building. They quickly realize it is a UFO making a bold appearance above  the New York skyline. Shocking as it is, nothing can prepare them  for what they see next. The UFO blasts a beam of blue light at the building's 12th floor. Figures emerge, floating through the beam up to the waiting craft. The last is a young woman. The two officers don't realize it   at the time, but they are witnessing a textbook bedroom invasion in progress. The woman in question later identifies herself as Linda Cortile. She later claims that there were in fact five aliens in her apartment that night and that two remained behind while she was taken to the waiting craft. Onboard, she was subjected to invasive medical procedures similar  to those reported by other abductees. The two security officers report the incident anonymously to a noted ufologist Budd Hopkins. But they aren't the only witnesses. Reportedly, traffic came to a standstill on the Brooklyn Bridge as people  watched in disbelief. The sheer number of eyewitness accounts threatens to break the story worldwide. Hopkins calls the Cortile case... The presence of aliens on earth is on the verge of being accepted by the general public. It's a potentially historic moment that will draw fire from the biggest UFO skeptic of his time. Journalist Philip J. Klass was a controversial  figure in the world of UFO investigation. From the early 1960s to his death in 2005, he investigated hundreds of UFO claims, earning him the nickname... A lifelong skeptic, Klass worked tirelessly to debunk UFO claims. In a taped interview about  the mass UFO sighting, Klass questions whether the two security officers even existed and states that not one witness saw it dive into the east river, as Linda Cortile reported. It's a sharp denial of  multiple eyewitness accounts, but it overlooks one all-important fact, Linda Cortile never claimed to have seen the UFO dive into the river. That observation was made by the two security officers. Why would one of the world's most respected UFO investigators play fast and loose with the facts  surrounding the Linda Cortile abduction? Was it a simple case of oversight, or was the evidence so compelling that Klass saw a need to deny at any cost? While Philip J. Klass  was all too eager to speak out on the Linda Cortile case, one man remains conspicuously silent. He is the foreign dignitary being transported by the two security officers. Ufologist Budd Hopkins claims the man was in fact Javier Perez de Cuellar, then secretary general of the United Nations. A public statement regarding the incident from a leader of his stature might forever dispel any doubts the public might have about the presence of aliens on earth. But to this day, de Cuellar remains silent on the incident. Are world authorities keeping  vital information from the public? In the 1990s, Hopkins claimed that aliens were in fact attempting to take control of humanity, one victim at a time, in a silent war against planet earth. He believed they were receiving help from the planet's highest authorities to keep their activities secret. The government's attempts at controlling this information should make us very afraid. But perhaps our greatest fears will be realized when they no longer have any control at all. Bedroom invasions continue to this day, and there's no sign of them stopping. But how do they do it, and are these abductions sanctioned by our own government for reasons they refuse to disclose? Many theories exist, but the most terrifying may have its origins in a secret government military complex in New Mexico, deep beneath the surface of the earth. The Dulce Base is an alleged military complex inside the Archuleta Mesa in  Northern Dulce, New Mexico. There's no guard towers, no tanks outside. The conspiracy says that there is a base deep within this mountain that not only our United States military operates in, but after a deal that we've made with aliens, allegedly they are there, too, conducting whatever operations  they are inside Archuleta Mesa. Many experts believe that thousands of humans have been abducted and brought to the Dulce Base for experimentation. It is reported to have seven levels, each more horrifying than the last. On level four, the experiments allegedly focus on hypnosis and telepathy. But experts believe it's the experiments  involving brain waves usually active when we sleep that are the most sinister. What if experimental researchers could tap human brain waves while we are awake, essentially creating a door through which we could easily be controlled? A recent study by neuroscientist Norman S. Don points to a terrifying conclusion. Don measured the brain waves of subjects who had all claimed to have been abducted or had close encounters with a UFO, and the results were shocking. In all cases, abductees were able to achieve non-ordinary or trance-like  states during a waking state, something they were not able to do prior to being abducted. Can close encounters with aliens {\an8}change the way our {\an8}brains function? {\an8}If so, Don may have uncovered  the primary reason {\an8}aliens are abducting humans {\an8}in record numbers. {\an8}Are aliens abducting humans so they can {\an8}access our minds and control us while we are awake? {\an8}And could this be the ultimate weapon? {\an8}Free will would cease to exist, {\an8}and an alien agenda {\an8}would become our own. {\an8}This is Unsealed Alien Files, {\an8}exposing the biggest {\an8}secret on planet earth. Corrected & sync CORNELDVD 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 