Touching Evil: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Touching Evil 
 s1e4 - Killing with Kindness: Part 2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Touching Evil (1997–1999): Season 1, Episode 4 - Killing with Kindness: Part 2 - full transcript 
 Burgess confesses to the murders but it is only to protect Dr Walker,whom he believes is the real killer,and on release commits suicide. Creegan is convinced that all the victims were brought to the brink of death and then resuscitated to tell the perpetrator what life on the other side is like. Using his own near death experience he flushes out the murderer who threatens to kill more patients if Creegan fails to satisfy. He must prevent this from happening. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 There's an ancient Jewish sect, Sadducees. If you cheat death and you return to earth, you're taking up space that doesn't belong to you. To them, it must look pretty overcrowded around here. I'm not Jewish. So obviously, you're safe enough with me. [phone ringing] ENWRIGHT (ON PHONE): Taylor, Enwright. You got Creegan with you? Just dropped him off at home. ENWRIGHT (ON PHONE): I've tried blaming him. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Got nothing. Listen, Eric Sander from the Home Office is supposed to write the papers. He's coming around on his way from work. He wants to meet you. I'm meant to be doing some research. No, you're not. You're off on a date. I won't spoil your fun. Half an hour, please. Get Creegan. Fine. I can't understand just how you live with yourself. Have you ever felt that welcome before? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I know you haven't since. I don't know what keeps you here. [phone ringing] Taylor to Control. CONTROL (ON RADIO): Control. Go ahead. Is Creegan static or moving? CONTROL (ON RADIO): No, he's at home. Well, his warrant card's at home. [knocking] TAYLOR: Creegan. Might be good to show your teeth. Someone from the Home Office wants to see us. I know you're there. What's-- Creegan! Oh, shit. Taylor to Control. I need help at Creegan's flat. [gunshot] Oh, Creegan. What the hell have you done? Don't turn around. If you move, I'll shoot you. ENWRIGHT: How's it looking? TAYLOR: Well, he's alive. ENWRIGHT: You saw her? No. Listen, she got my gun. Go with her. Take two officers to cover him, armed. And get me every 15 minutes. You understand? ENWRIGHT: How did she get into his home? She told the caretakers she was his wife. They said she seemed distressed. He let her in? Has he still got his job? All right. Ready, steady, lift. Can we get hold of Dr. Walker? Dr. Elizabeth Walker from St. Barnaby's. Also, we've got a closed circuit covering the notice board in the main canteen. It's a bad business now. Get the tape. Get it to Enwright. FEMALE (ON TAPE): You died. You went where you belonged, and you came back because you were forced to. There hasn't been a single day when you didn't think that was a mistake. CREEGAN (ON TAPE): You feel that? FEMALE (ON TAPE): You know I do. CREEGAN (ON TAPE): What do you want? FEMALE (ON TAPE): Help. I just need some help. Did you know about Creegan's experience? Yeah. I knew his wife blamed that for the breakdown of their marriage. The equipment we picked up from his flat was fairly specialized. She'd have to be pretty senior to know how to use it. She sounded scared. Oh, thank you. So where did Carl Burgess come into this? Burgess is out of the frame now, isn't he? Well, in and out. He tried killing a patient at St. Barnaby's. MARION: Different pattern. He literally tried to unplug them in front of witnesses. Out of his tree. I think we'd be wasting our time looking for a connection between him and this person. What's Burgess saying? ENWRIGHT: Nothing. He electrocuted himself. Died two hours later. Are we looking at this tape? Kreitman. Did you see anything? Blink once for yes. His eyes are open. Patient regained consciousness at 9:42 PM. Check the [inaudible]. Creegan, it's Rivers. Can you hear me? Dr. Walker, St. Barnaby's. I've been asked to take the case. OK. He's now a private patient of Dr. Walker, and no drugs or treatment without her spoken consent. Thanks, Julie. No offense. I'll tell you about it when I'm allowed to. OK. The card was never removed from the notice board, which is why nobody leapt out. TAYLOR: Can we see her again? Jonathan? Let's pull back. Sorry. I'm tired. TAYLOR: We're all tired. There. ELIZABETH: He's been given atracurium. We use it to paralyze patients during surgery. RIVERS: Paralyze? ELIZABETH: It wears off. But you see this? This is adrenaline. God, this is-- What's she done to him? I think she stopped his heart with digoxin, then resuscitated him. I'll need to keep a check on the heart rate. It's all right. Dr. Walker, can I talk to you? I'll need about half an hour longer. Do you know her? Julie Carney. She's an anesthetic registrar. She was here tonight. She was working on him when I got here. KREITMAN: She's cleared out all these accounts. She's wandering around with about two grand and your weapon. But I don't understand. Why would Julie Carney want to do all this to me? Swindon General, 1984. You treated a 19-year-old girl after a traffic accident. Her heart failed. You resuscitated her. I was a casualty junior then. I have no idea how many people I-- Her name was Julie Farah. In 1987, she married a man called Stephen Carney. Oh my god. According to her personnel record, she's refused three permanent jobs to remain in locum. The possibility is that she wanted to stay in locum to stay around you. When you moved house, she's moved house. She's followed you. ENWRIGHT: Look, she's never attempted to damage you personally, but we can't take any risks. We'd like to move you and your children into a safe house until this is over. She must have been in the flat when I got home. TAYLOR: Did she say anything? She wants to know if there's anything waiting for her if she dies again. And what are you going to tell her, Creegan? I came last night and they wouldn't say what happened. They still won't tell me. I'm sorry. The information we're carrying has to stay classified. I'm security cleared, aren't I? Uh, you are. I'll get some coffees. I thought she was a single parent. Well, she is a single parent. Then I realized Dave was coming out every second day, at least, to see the kids. And you stayed? No. I called it off. Then he turns up at my house one night. Says he thinks I've let his family down. If I knew anything about kids, I'd know that they need continuity. If I really cared, I'd move in and be around for her. Does that leave you anywhere to go? When I start feeling like his best man on loan, he stops coming around for a bit. He makes room for me. Carl Burgess. I heard. He could have been the killer. His form, his profile, his mistakes. Nobody's arguing, are they? Did you log the visit to his house? It's in the computer. Can you get it out of the computer without leaving a bloody great hole? Can we go? Because, I mean, structurally, you have a lovely face. You could do a lot with that. Good bones. I wish I had bones like that. Don't look so shy. You'll go home tonight and knock him for sex. You will. There. How's that? It's fine. I hope your protection's better than my home security. RECORDING (ON ANSWERING MACHINE): You have one message. Message one. How's your cooking? TAYLOR: I don't cook. [answering machine beeping] JULIE (ON ANSWERING MACHINE): David Creegan. By the time you get this message, I'll have moved on. You died on the 16th of June two years ago. Nothing's worked out for you since. I hope you know what it took for me to bring you back. You looked so peaceful. I wanted to leave you. I envied you. You left me that message on the canteen noticeboard thinking you were being clever. I know where you've been. Well, I know where you've been, David. What I want to know is how you condemn me for what I've done. You believe, don't you? You believe, don't you, David? [sobbing] Carney's left a message on Creegan's machine. She's using a mobile. Find out what time that was and get a location. CREEGAN: Steve Carney? DI Dave Creegan from the Organized and Serial Crimes Unit. DI Susan Taylor. Is this to do with Julie? Well, I'm not in a hurry. Maybe we can make a start. Sh-- she went back to sleep just 10 minutes after you rang. But you could help me fill in this questionnaire. Do we need to bother her at all if it's just a questionnaire? Well, not particularly. I just need to check her over, take a sample of blood. Take two minutes. TAYLOR: Any idea where she might have gone? I was in the middle of papering that when I left. And I haven't seen her since. And I don't want to. CREEGAN: Did she hurt you, Stephen? She came at me over and over again about me being depressed. What a dump the world is, how small I was. Weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks. She drove me around the bend. Julie's completely-- look, I'm not-- I can't help you, all right? Did you know each other long before you got together? What's she done? She's a murder suspect. I bet her at the Point of Light Foundation. It's a self-help group for zombies. She did research for them. TAYLOR: Did she ever talk about her near-death experience? STEPHEN: Julie's obsessed with death. Don't know why. And don't want to. It's Creegan. Can somebody find me a number, please? What I can't figure out is why she went to so much bother if all she wanted to do was damage me. KEITH (ON PHONE): Sergeant Lingard. Keith Lingard? KEITH (ON PHONE): Am and always will be. What can I do for you? DI Creegan here from the OSC in London. KEITH (ON PHONE): Oh? I am honored. Keith, you attended a traffic accident in Swindon when you were a constable. It was back in '84. You probably won't remember. 18-year-old girl. Her name was Julie. KEITH (ON PHONE): Julie Farah. I remember that one. I can only manage the stairs twice a day. So the bed had to come down here. (WHISPERING) This isn't living, is it? Handier, really. The cooking, the washing, and then put in as a shower in the old pantry. Who are you here for, Dorothy? Money coming from the lottery. I never bought a ticket in my life. That's what you call lucky. Take a deep breath. Do you smell that? That's what the world smells like. You can't wait, can you? You don't have to. [moaning lightly] Was that her? Was that her? She's not made a peep in six months. What did you do to her? She's tired. MAN: You can come again. [cheering and applauding] You do realize you're officially on file as a murder victim, so I've eaten your biscuits. This document is a membership register for the Point of Light Foundation, a self-help group for-- Existentialist electricians. for people who've had near-death experiences. Julie Carney was paid by the organization to collect this register. It gives names, addresses, and clinical details of all their membership. We know she owns a copy of this. But we can't find it at the house, so she must have it with her. ENWRIGHT: Assume she's on the offensive, not on the run. I want everyone in this register notified to contact us if she gets in touch. Marion. She's requesting help from Creegan, who, according to her own measure, doesn't belong here, either. She's treating him as if he's special, but-- forgive me. He's no more special than the victims she's terminated. Julie Carney's on the move. She used her credit card about four hours ago in Clwyd, North Wales. Prints match. Signature matches. But the store assistant swears she's got dark brown hair. ENWRIGHT: Right. Issue a new description. RIVERS: We've got two people on the register listed for North Wales-- Mold and Clwyd. DC Rivers, OSC. We've got an urgent request for assistance on your patch. Yep. Peter John Crowler, 116 Castle Road, Clwyd. 49 years old. We think he might be at risk from a female, a Dr. Julie Carney. Dorothy Swan, 53 Cramner Road, Mold. She's 72. Now, we think she might be a risk from a Julie Carney. Carney. That's C-A-R-N-- what? Everybody on the register under surveillance. A 72-year-old woman, Dorothy Swan, died two hours ago in Mold. Took a visit from a doctor claiming she was doing a survey of stroke victims. Doctor took a blood sample. Let's wait for them to give us the tox screen sooner rather than later. Where's Enwright gone? His office, isn't he? What was that note you slipped him? I'm sorry. I didn't want you thinking it was on display. Your medical records were left in a caff in Euston. She's drawing attention to some sensitive elements. Have you seen any of this before? In 1984, the van that hit Julie Carney was in the middle of rush hour traffic. The cop who was first on the scene said then, as he said now, was a suicide attempt. She wants to try again. She thinks I do, too. That's why I'm special. I want to die. We don't sell that. Didn't want to come back to this. It's cheesy cauliflower tonight. Do you like cheesy cauliflower? I know I'm not the first to say it, but if you're feeling too exposed by this case, I can easily put you onto something else. She won't try again unless she definitely knows there's something worth going back for. - Fine. Tell her there is. Tell her you saw the fireworks. Point in the direction of the tallest building we can find and tell her where we can watch her. Could you? And what if she's so scared she just wants a bit of company on the journey? [gate closing] Mrs. Creegan, it's Dr. Farah. 1:45. Community health screening. You'd forgotten. It's the second time today that's happened. There's a meningitis outbreak at All Saint's Primary. I don't know anything about it. Well, it's routine checks. You were meant to find a letter. Well, I can come again tomorrow if it's easier. No. Please, come in. This is Dr. Farah. Say hello. CREEGAN: Jonathan? What went wrong with Carl Burgess? Nobody knows. He just went apeshit, tried killing a patient. Botched it. Yeah. Yeah, and when he did, he said directly to a cop, "tell her to tell them I did it. Tell them she's innocent." She's Dr. Walker, obviously. Who's them, do you think? If there's a proper question in there, ask it. Was Burgess leaned on after his release? No. You agreed with his release? No. At the time, I thought he was hot for the hospital murders. You know I did. And you know I was wrong. CREEGAN: OK. No. Apologize. You wouldn't speak to your plumber like that. Jonathan, I apologize. Unreservedly. It was a question, not an accusation. It's just that we've got two separate Burgess files on the hard drive. One's empty. One's not. [clacking] [computer beeping] Control-R for Reveal. One's a backup. The other's not. We don't clear it till after the postmortem. Will you lift your hair up for me, Ruby? That's eczema around there. She's just growing out of it. Tell you what. Have a listen. See what your sister had for lunch. What symptoms should we be looking for? Can I get you a coffee or something? Do you know you're the first to offer? Thank you. Only headaches, neck stiffness, sensitivity to light, get your GP out. Did you want girls? KERRY: Had do you take it? Your coffee. Oh. No, I won't, thanks. I'll just have water. Sure. Was he there for the birth? KERRY: Five minutes before the first, three minutes after the second. Shame. Well, it was one more than I expected. Is he kept very busy? KERRY: Do you have any? Uh, no. It's not that kind of job. Too many nights. As a community doctor? [door opening] Hey! Barry, look what I got. KERRY: Barry, this is Dr. Farah. Hello. Do you know what we had for lunch? What? Fish fingers. Thank you. It's all right. I'll file it. OK. ENWRIGHT (ON PHONE): Creegan, she's got your ex-wife's address. I just hope I'm wrong about this [phone ringing] [sirens blaring] Taylor to Unit 1. How near are you? UNIT 1 (ON RADIO): We're down South Morton towards the carriageway. CREEGAN: There must be somebody closer. Get somebody closer. All units, anyone closer? UNIT 2 (ON RADIO): Reporting for Unit 2. We're two streets away. We're on it. CREEGAN: Where are they? Where are you now, Unit 2? UNIT 2 (ON RADIO): Coming into Broom Road now. It's number 61. 61. Ask if the lights are on. See any houselights? UNIT 2 (ON RADIO): Just a front bedroom. It's the right bedroom. They'd answer the door. Ask them if anyone's inside. Just break it. Repeat, break it. UNIT 2 (ON RADIO): Are we authorized? Yes! You're authorized! Do it! Breaking the door. Mrs. Creegan? Hello, Mrs. Creegan? Oh, shit. [phone ringing] Creegan. JULIE (ON PHONE): I only wanted to look. You don't look. JULIE (ON PHONE): Is that what you're hanging on for? Your family? Julie, give yourself up. JULIE (ON PHONE): I don't know why. They seem perfectly happy without you. CREEGAN: Look, we checked your phone bills. And you know what's really weird? Two phone calls in three months. And both calls to work. JULIE (ON PHONE): Have you seen your girls with that man? Barry? You're going to need a lot more friends than that to stay on the run. JULIE (ON PHONE): That man being you, but better. And right on time. You don't fit in. You don't fit anywhere that's normal. Do you think you're normal, Julie? Because see, I don't pretend I am. But I am a bloody long way off you. JULIE (ON PHONE): Not according to your medical records. Had you seen them before? Did you want them to shock me, do you? Patients are always shocked when they see notes. I think it helps sometimes to be reminded about what you've got way down. You do, Julie, do you? Well, that's great. So when do we start reminding you? Swindon, 9/94, when you attempted suicide? You're killing people because you believe that they believe they're better off somewhere else. But you wanted to die before that. I've seen your records. Black and white. You haven't got the guts to do it again, which is just about the only positive thing that I know about you. [phone disconnecting] It's 10 to 4:00. I'll never get back to sleep. Do you fancy breakfast? Did you work with Rivers and Kreitman before this? Rivers, once, during his training. Why? No, no. They're good. And? But? If you were in an armed raid and you had to choose someone to cover you, who would you choose? Rivers. His reactions are quicker. Kreitman's more experienced. True. And if you needed to get somebody to tell the boss you're going to the dentist and really you're going shopping, who would you choose? What is this? Go on. Kreitman. Why? I'm going shopping tomorrow, and I bet you'd be useless. What's this? Uh, it's, um-- it's a transcript of a conversation between the killer and Creegan, 3:50 AM today. Was it masked? The other bits are classified. Even from us? She got fairly personal with Creegan. And I was happy to lead her with that stuff, but I don't think he wants it broadcasting. Right. I'd like to get started, please. Where's Rivers? He's checking a lead on Julie Carney. PRIEST: We have entrusted our brother Carl Burgess to God's merciful keeping. And we now commit his body to the ground, in sure and certain hope of the Resurrection to eternal life through our Lord Jesus Christ, who died, was buried, and rose again for us, for Him be glory forever and ever. Amen. [phone ringing] DI Creegan. JULIE (ON PHONE): I've overdosed three people. If you don't believe me, all three blood samples are in a red star box delivered half an hour ago. Test them, if you like. But that might waste time you haven't got. They're not my patients. It's not my hospital. You send them to the office? JULIE (ON PHONE): Look inside. I'm not in the office. Look, what are you talking about? What three people? JULIE (ON PHONE): They've got less than three hours before the digoxin kills them. I don't believe you. You've never told us in advance. JULIE (ON PHONE): I've never needed to. I want you to meet me. If you help me, I'll give you those three names and absolutely nobody gets hurt. But you come on your own. And you don't speak to a single person or my mind goes blank. Come where? JULIE (ON PHONE): My house. [phone ringing] DI Taylor. CREEGAN (ON PHONE): It's me. Has a parcel arrived for me? Aye? Uh, yeah. You all right? [phone disconnecting] [phone ringing] CREEGAN: Yep. JULIE (ON PHONE): The back. CREEGAN: Where's the gun, Julie? JULIE: I'm in here. Where's the gun you took off DI Taylor? JULIE: It's in a bag on the chair in there. I said if you do as you're told, everybody gets what they want. Well, I did what you asked. So you give me the names of the people you've hurt. You get the names when you've done this. CREEGAN: What's in it? Two seconds to reach the brain. You can go away again. No, you do it if that's what you want. I've tried. I can't. I get this far and-- We've got a possible sighting of-- what happened? TAYLOR: Ring the lab. Get them tested. [phone ringing] Don't. CREEGAN: I think we've got a logistical problem here. Where are the names, Julie? You first. They in your bag? You'll get the names. You written them down? You'll get the names. CREEGAN: You haven't, have you? Because you've no intentions of giving them to us. I honor the deal, they're dead within two seconds. You'll find them. CREEGAN: I don't believe you. You don't think those people want to live. They'll go out like the rest did. They won't. I promise. If you were looking for somebody to trust, and you were looking at us two, who would you go for? I haven't killed anybody. I haven't lied to you. I've never broken a promise in my life. Trust me. I know what it's like to get that far. I once had a gun this far from my head. Heard the bullet going into the chamber. And I squeezed it. And squeezed it. I couldn't. If there's been somebody like you there, I'd have trusted them, Julie. St. Bede's. Sylvia Goldman, ward 17. Frank-- Frank Whitaker, high dependency 2. St. Bede's. Doreen Brown in the breast unit. St. Bede's. Creegan to Control. CONTROL (ON RADIO): Control. Commander Enwright, urgent. You bastard. You bastard! ENWRIGHT (ON RADIO): Enwright. Take these details down. They're all patients at St. Bede's. They've all been OD'd by Julie Carney. Sylvia Goldman, ward 17. Frank Whitaker, high dependency. Doreen Brown, breast unit. ENWRIGHT (ON RADIO): OK. We've traced you to Carney's house. Are you safe? Send a van. I'll bring her in. No! ENWRIGHT (ON RADIO): Taylor's on her way. She's got a team with her. Julie. I wasn't lying about the gun. You know why I got that far and couldn't? The same reason you can't. You can't want to die enough. Come on. No. Julie. Did you know your ex-wife's pregnant? What? She told me. I said I was a community doctor and we were screening for meningitis. She wanted to know if there was any risk to the baby. So if you're hanging on for your family, I wouldn't bother. They don't think you belong there, either. Did you see anything the second time? TAYLOR (ON RADIO): Creegan, where are you? You can tell me now, can't you? TAYLOR (ON RADIO): Creegan, tell me where you are. Kitchen. Yes. [music playing] [chatter] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 