Touching Evil: Season 3, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Touching Evil 
 s3e1 - Innocent: Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Touching Evil (1997–1999): Season 3, Episode 1 - Innocent: Part 1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This statement outlining the organized and Serial Crime Unit's response to the imminent release of Anthony Matchin from Vail Park's secure unit following the success of his appeal against conviction. The OSC's case was built around the confession made 18 months ago by Anthony Matchin's brutal killing of Melanie Holland and the killing of Anthony Matchin's wife, Suzanne. He's on his way up. COMMANDER STEPHEN ENWRIGHT: A confession secured by our senior OSC officer, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 currently at home on leave. I want to see Commander It's Dave Creegan. I still work here. The high court has now upheld Matchin's appeal against this conviction. The investigation into both killings will now be handed back to the control of Ellandon's CID. FEMALE REPORTER (ON TV): With the release of Anthony Matchin marking the end of an 18-month ordeal, the Organized and Serial Crime Unit are now faced with question as to why they became so heavily involved in this case and why-- DAVE CREEGAN: Your tie wasn't on straight. Other than that you were pretty convincing. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 There was never enough evidence to convict Anthony Matchin. You know that as well as I do. Ellandon's CID know that as well. What I can't work out is why is everybody acting so surprised? Is that what you came here to say? DAVE CREEGAN: Why wasn't I at the press conference? I was the arresting officer. I took Matchin's confession. You were there. COMMANDER ENWRIGHT: You're on sick leave. Feel better. You don't look well. Well, if you told me what was coming I would have dressed for the occasion. I want to go back up there. I want to find out who did this. I got a call from the home office. The whole investigation is back on the local control. They think Matchin's the killer. He had a history of psychiatric disorder, that is all the people up there can see. Nobody is going back up there, especially not you. You're on sick leave. You're suffering from nervous exhaustion. I was going to call you at home. DAVE CREEGAN: Fine, I'll go home. Creegan. I'm sorry I can't trust your judgment right now. SUSAN TAYLOR: Would it be fair to say you are letting this get to you? When's your next medical? This afternoon. SUSAN TAYLOR: Why can't you leave this alone? Because I was the one who got Matchin to confess. You should have never been left in Ellandon on your own. If anything, you've got to look after yourself now. I saw the mirror in the hall. Is this all just because you miss them? Or was that just a stupid question? I don't want to sound too worried, Creegan but the last time I saw a bedroom like this the bloke in the bed had just shot himself. DAVE CREEGAN: I want them moved away. New life, new IDs, the works. As long as I'm working here, my kids are at risk. One more thing, I don't want to know where they've gone. How's Creegan? He's fine. [yelling] MALE REPORTER (ON RADIO): And now, the top story of the day. Anthony Matchin's release has led to deep concern in the northeast part of Ellandon. With a cruel and unique killer still at large. DAVE CREEGAN: He's just told me he killed both women. I don't believe him. We're unavailable to talk today as a result of the courts decision. [yelling] Not me. Not me. It wasn't me. Why me? Why me? It wasn't me. It wasn't me. MALE REPORTER (ON RADIO): Are expected to make an announcement later today that sends the future of 300-- [gun shot] [car beeps horn] Where are you? DAVE CREEGAN: Ellandon. What are you doing there? What are you doing in Ellandon? DAVE CREEGAN: Well, everybody keeps saying I need a holiday. SUSAN TAYLOR (ON PHONE): Creegan I'm serious. What makes you think I'm not? You should have been in a medical this afternoon. If you're trying to prove that you're ready to go back to work, this really isn't a good idea. [line goes dead] Creegan? FEMALE REPORTER (ON TV) There is anger and real concern here on the streets of Ellandon. 18 months on now with the police no nearer to finding the killer. The appeals court decision has set the town on edge. Representatives have so correctly-- MAN (ON RADIO): I'm happy to do the shopping tonight because-- Tony? Oh. [groans] Happy now? I don't believe you killed your wife, Tony. Or anyone else. Not by the end. You want the pressure. You fail at the profile, you'd be mentally ill. You have any idea what it's like in Vail Park? Have you? Sorry for you. DAVE CREEGAN: No. Don't talk about what's in my head, Tony. We will be here for a fortnight. I want to find out who really killed Suzanne. You were the last person to see her alive. I've got things I've got to do. We've met. I hope it hurt. DAVE CREEGAN: Holding for DCI Wheelan. Who hit you? Somebody hit me. Where have you seen him? If Matchin's assaulted you, I want him in here now. And what are you going to do? You're going to shake his hand? You're wasting your time with Matchin. He's done nothing wrong. WHEELAN: Oh, no? Except kill his wife. Then give you a confession that didn't make any sense so that he could mount an appeal and then walk within 18 months. What is with you? Do you like being used? Well, judging by the state he was in, he would have confessed to anything. That confession you got wasn't worth spit. Anybody here could have told you that. But oh, no. That was interfering with the OSC in a job being run from the home office. This was a local investigation. These were local women. I don't just work here, Creegan, I'm from here. I was born in Durham. Oh, yeah. But you went soft and headed south. I've got an ex-wife that gives me shit. I've got a daughter at the local comprehensive, I know these people. These people know me. MIKE LAWLER: Sir, Mike Lawler. WHEELAN: Michael. Oh, I don't think I want to hear this. Yep. I know this isn't what you do, but I need information about Matchin. No. No, I'm a bereavement counselor. I counsel the bereaved. But you wrote to him in Vail Park, you were a regular visitor. That was his only visitor. Have you been inside Vale Park? Yeah, I know. But-- WHEELAN: Can I just stop everybody there, please? First, I don't give information about clients. I help them get over what's happened. Secondly, Anthony Matchin has just being proven innocent. And thirdly, after what happened last time, can anyone give me a single reason why I should trust either of you? Have you not gotten anything better to do? DAVE CREEGAN: You don't believe Matchin killed him? I don't have a view on Anthony Matchin beyond a professional opinion. I know. I heard it in court. I want to know what you really think. OK. Matchin felt guilty about the death of his wife because he wasn't there to protect her. It's common reaction to extremes of grief. You exploited that until he believed that he killed her. You made me like a fool. You convinced the jury that Matchin had me eating out of his hand. Do you want to say something here now? Do you want my best advice? Like, forget this. You can't revisit the past. The local police are looking for the killer, let them get on with it. Now, that's usually 30 quid an hour. I'll give you that much for free if you just step away from the car. [clears throat] Like a room, please. There's a good priced meal in the galleon if you want it. You can use the voucher at the bar. If you could just sign there are there. And I'll need your car registration. Can I get something to eat now? Sorry. They just stopped serving. But it's not even gone 9 o'clock. I know, sorry. Would you want an alarm call? Depends on what time you stop serving breakfast. MIKE LAWLER: Hello, Anthony. I heard you're buggered. Just thought I'd come see how you were. Look, appreciate the fact that you've come 'round. I don't need any more counseling. I think I need to be left alone. MIKE MORGAN: Don't you think that's the whole point? There's time to move on. Not supposed to end up in therapy for the rest of your life. Look, if there's anything you think I can do. OK? Looking for John Holland. MAN IN WAREHOUSE: Over the back there. You got to minute, John? You heard about Tony Matchin? You should have just shot him and burned what was left. I need to get some more information. You're wasting your time. You know, I'm still having counseling, twice a week. There's nothing I can tell you about what happened to Melanie. I don't even want to think about it. I just want to know if there's anything you can remember the last time you saw your wife. You want to know about the last time I saw my wife? Anything she said. She didn't say anything. She just had her heart ripped out and stuffed in a bin bag. I stepped on it walking in to the kitchen. It's all right, Steve. He's leaving. Nobody on you really. Got nothing better to do. You following me? Aren't you supposed to be back there? It was in right side-- it was in right side there. Man, you know how it works. We're a team. You're a team member. If I didn't do it, it would have been somebody else. Thought it would it be better coming from a friend. Oh, we're friends now? All right, we work together. And since when does working together make us friends? I was going to ask you to be my best man. Oh, you're getting married? Yeah. Anna's idea. The hospital found her. He's coming out now. [GARBLED POLICE RADIO TRANSMISSION] Oh, what the fuck. No, I'm innocent you little bastard take it easy. Come on, get in. WHEELAN: Want his clothes sent to Forensics. He's coming voluntarily to make a statement. I want to speak to him when you're finished. It wasn't him. I was right about you, you're a basket case. Only a basket case would say something like that. Matchin isn't the killer. Why don't you shout it a bit louder, basket case, maybe he'll hear you. You're only still here because I haven't told you to go yet. Until I hear different, I'm still in charge. Her name was JoAnne Carol. She was found inside her house just after 8:00 this morning. She was a 28-year-old warehouse assistant. She was married. Death appears to be from strangulation. Following that, the removal of the heart. Seems to be no sexual motive for the attack, but there seems to be no motive at all. Other than the fact they were all born within six years of each other and they were married, there seems to be no similarity between JoAnne and the others. JoAnne, dark hair. Suzanne and Melanie, blond. Suzanne was of heavier build. We'll get more details from the postmortem. Postmortem's at 1:15. Anthony Matchin's to be interviewed as a suspect. WHEELAN: Where were you? I told you, I stayed in all night. With nothing to do? And nobody to do it with. DAVE CREEGAN: So I got my P45 up in right, yeah? SUSAN TAYLOR: He's on his way up here. I'm taking over the investigation as officer in charge. I'm pretty sure Matchin did this. But if we're going to get a conviction, I want one that's going to stick. He didn't kill JoAnne. He wouldn't kill Suzanne. He loved her. They wanted kids. They wanted to build a life together. Losing his wife destroyed him. I've got to find a DCI Wheelan. I want you to confirm that you've read these by signing. It formalizes the handover of the investigation for local control to the control of the OSC. There'll be a fax from your Assistant Chief Constable confirming this. Now you need to read it, then sign. Is there anything else? Yeah, I want to get everyone together in the incident room in the next 20 minutes. And I want Matchin cautioned, placed in a cell. WHEELAN: They're giving it your back, men. Speak to the home office. MIKE LAWLER: I mean, they've asked me to talk to the husband but-- DAVE CREEGAN: But you can't believe this is happening again. There was no sign of a struggle and no obvious forensic evidence. We've checked for hairs and fluids but we're unlikely to find any DNA material. Death was by strangulation with the victim losing consciousness in minutes. Same procedure? He isn't a surgeon but it's pretty neat work. Well, he must know something about anatomy just to get under the rib cage. And she was definitely dead before this was done to her? Death by asphyxiation, the most rapid so far. How long would it take him to remove the heart? It isn't easy. He's getting more efficient but it's still a hell of a job. So he kills in a matter of minutes. And then somehow he has to transport the body somewhere safe and secure, where there's lights and equipment. And he's got time to carry out a difficult procedure, there's going to be blood and a lot of mess. And then he takes the body all the way back so it can be found. Now why does he do that huh? Why is it so important that he goes to all that trouble? Answers on a post card, please. MIKE LAWLER: Do you want to sit down, Mr. Carol? Do you want to sit down? Now, I don't work for the police. I'm an independent bereavement counselor. And I'm here on your behalf. Has everyone been telling you this will be all right? It's not, is it? [crying] Listen to me, Peter. Taylor started the briefing. MIKE LAWLER: --help you get through this with a brilliant process. And I thought I had a great job. Strangulation of the victim is carried out relatively quickly. Killer has remarkably little physical contact with the victim while alive. Once dead, enough clothing is removed to give access to the chest. He then cuts out the heart from underneath the rib cage. He's learning from experience. He then places the heart in a bin bag near the body with the clothing. This fact has never been released to the press. Which means these can't be copycat killings. This is a ritual. It has significance for the killer so there has to be something that links all three women. And what we need to do is unpick their lives. Imagine each of the victims exactly as he saw them. There's a helicopter waiting at the airport. It leaves in 45 minutes and I expect you to be on it. I convicted the wrong man on your seasoned instructions. I am not going back. I've got three separate medical reports that all state you're physically and mentally unfit to work. Let me observe. I know her, Linden. I know this case and I know Tony Matchin. COMMANDER ENWRIGHT: This happens on one condition. Spare rounds. You put one foot wrong Dave, don't come back at all. I need you to answer questions concerning an incident which occurred last night. Questions designed to make me confess? Creegan said he didn't believe I did it. Doesn't matter what he said. You're talking to us now. [presses button to record] PETER CAROL: Am I invisible? Do you think I go unnoticed? People would have seen me if I'd gone out. Did anyone say they'd seen me? All the money they'd spent on you lot. Is this the best you can manage? WHEELAN: You've got to admit, he's got a point. Thought we'd get you something to read. Yeah. It's a shame I couldn't find anything. Are you're going to get a solicitor? A solicitor could get you out of here. DAVE CREEGAN: Room 23, please. HOTEL RECEPTIONIST: You're sure it was room 23? 23. You haven't got with you? I haven't got it with me. HOTEL RECEPTIONIST: Someone's put you in 32. Who left this? I don't know. You don't know. I need you to find out if anyone saw Matchin last night. He's claiming he didn't go out of the house. He's been locked up for 18 months, you'd think he'd have the decency to go for a pint. Feels like I've been locked up here for a life time. Does that entitle me to one? That's fighting talk around our way. I don't make very good conversation. Yeah, well, neither do I. Where's Peter Carol? What's the problem? PETER CAROL: That's the last time I saw her. I just thought she was weird. I didn't say goodbye. MARK RIVERS: And how did she seem? She couldn't get the top off the sauce. DAVE CREEGAN: And why would somebody send me that Mr. Carol? It was sent to Amstade. PETER CAROL: Is he after me? DAVE CREEGAN: No, it was sent to me. But why has it got my name on it? Why was it sent to you? It's got nothing to do with me. Is this what happened to Anthony Matchin? Because you're not looking me up. The killer send the card. It isn't the tip off. Is he trying to frankly to frame Peter Carol? Maybe he saw what happened to Matchin. The deaths are a form of expression. He's trying to tell us what he means. We just can't see it. This is where Suzanne Matchin was found. Heart had been left in a bin bag. Body tied to the crossbeam. Been left to hang upside down so she'd be all covered when the tide went in. SUSAN TAYLOR: Just like household rubbish. I mean why rip out her heart, put it in a bin bag, and leave it practically on her own doorstep if that's not the point you're trying to make? And if the heart's rubbish, what's he trying to say about her? Maybe he's frightened of women. Thought all men were frightened of women. What are you thinking? It's no way to die. And I used to like the seaside as a kid. If there's anything you need, you know you can call the station. MARK RIVERS: Oy! Taylor, in pursuit of a suspect. SUSAN TAYLOR (ON RADIO): Where all you? Leaving Peter Carol's house. Heading towards the new entrance at the power station. On our way. [suspenseful music plays] What are you going to do now? Stare me to death? SUSAN TAYLOR: Yeah, then I'll blow your brains out with this. OFFICER (ON RADIO): Can you do a PM safe check on a Wayne Fitten at 54 Britain Street? I want everything in here bagged up. MARK RIVERS: Take a look at this. WAYNE FITTEN: Get off me! Get off-- get off me. Get off. I'll take the interview. I'll need a match on the night. - WAYNE FITTEN: Bastard! - Hey! WAYNE FITTEN: Get off. These people have come all the way from London. Show some respect. Better take a look at this. WAYNE FITTEN: Come on, get off. Get back, get back. MARK RIVERS: We have the man who was inside your house in custody. And-- SUSAN TAYLOR: Look, I'm sorry. There's no easy way to do this. I need to ask you if you recognize either of these. PETER CAROL: They're JoAnne's Where did you get them? The man we're holding here had them. He had them with him? Yeah, he took them from inside the house. Well? What? Why are we here? Metaphysics is not my department. It's a free country. Who told you that? What about these? - Mine. - No, they're not. Not your size. WAYNE FITTEN: Yeah, well, I've put weight on. You know how it is. I already have to walk past the cream cake. So you killed the women and then wear their knickers? You must have a really sick mind. Now, that is my department. Answer the question. Did you kill these women? I want your name and your rank and then name of your commanding officer. And I want a solicitor. What are we looking at, burglary? I didn't know she'd just been killed. I usually do this sort thing by taking them off the clothesline. GP says it's a compulsive disorder. You admit that you stole them? You pointed a gun at my head. You pointed a gun at my forehead and looked me straight in the eye. And when you did that, little lady, you really, really, really, scared me. SUSAN TAYLOR (ON PHONE): I've had to let Fitten go. DAVE CREEGAN: I wouldn't worry about it. SUSAN TAYLOR: Creegan, he's got every newspaper article ever written on Melanie and Suzanne. DAVE CREEGAN (ON PHONE): He's got newspaper reports on every accident and crime against women in this town over the last five years. That makes him barking mad, doesn't make him a killer. Point is, he's giving us a lead. In all his reports, there's only three cases that never reached a conclusion. There's Melanie Holland, Suzanne Matchin and a woman called Lisa D'Silva. Yeah, yeah, I've got the D'Silva report. Says it was attempted suicide. MARK RIVERS: Can you wife hear? FRANK D'SILVA: It's permanent vegetative state. My consultants not sure. Aw, don't start looking at me. All I'm trying to do is bring her around. Sorry. Frank this is off the record but I really need to talk about what happened. I was part of the investigation into the deaths of Melanie Holland, Suzanne Matchin. Remember? Yeah. Well, I need to find out if there's a link between them and what happened to Lisa. What did you say your name was? Creegan. Well, I'll tell you something, Creegan. The police said my wife threw herself out of our bedroom window. Now my mama died eight weeks before and she was down about that but she wasn't suicidal. But the police said there was no sign of a struggle, no one had broken into the flat. So you think she was pushed? FRANK D'SILVA: I don't think, I know. She wouldn't have jumped. She wouldn't of wanted me to come home and find her like that. Did your wife know a man called Wayne Fitten? No. What about a man called Peter Carol? FRANK D'SILVA: No. And you've no idea who might have done this to her? Lisa didn't have any enemies. I always told her to be careful. DAVE CREEGAN: I've checked the pathologist report. Said Lisa suffered bruises on the neck consistent with an attack. Wheelan chose to ignore it. Said she probably tried to hang herself before she jumped. I see a lot less paper with a murder. Exactly. I think Lisa was the killer's first attempt, Susan. A OK. So let's talk to Fitten, again. DAVE CREEGAN: No, Fitten was locked the time she was attacked. Locked up for what? Stalking a 23-year-old nursery nurse. MARK RIVERS: Are you using that as an argument to say he can't be the killer? DAVE CREEGAN: Not if Lisa was the killer's first attempt. [whistling] Have you gotten some more of those papers? I know what's been written. Don't believe everything you read. I've got three medical certificates saying I've got a disordered personality. Exactly. And a doctor certificate saying I'm not fit to be here. ANTHONY MATCHIN: You should give me the name of that doctor, he can get us both out. There's nothing to link Matchin to the crime. Got no forensic evidence on him or anyone else. Do you really think he did it? Creegan doesn't think so. Meaning what? Creegan's a basket case but usually he's right, so I'll just sit here on the fence. Look, if I tell you this, no one finds out. Matchin's been placed under surveillance by Wheelan. He's been having him watched ever since he came home. They've got a van outside his house. They've got an unmarked car if he goes out anywhere. Matchin's been under surveillance and you knew? Everyone knew except you, Rivers, and Creegan. If Wheelan thinks you don't belong here, so does everyone else. It was Wheelan's orders to keep you in the dark. So if they had Matchin under surveillance, where was he when JoAnne Carol was killed? He was in his house. He never left it all night. People around here, they play rough. You'll want to yourself. This might be your investigation but it's Wheelan's neck. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to take up so much of your time. Don't worry, that's what I'm here for. If you'd like Mr. Carol, I can give you a lift home. MARK RIVERS: We're going to get the guy that did this. He's not going to get away with it. We'll make him pay. Was going to get you a Happy Meal. I've just found out that Wheelan had Matchin under surveillance at the time JoAnne Carol was killed. Now, he's known from the start that Matchin couldn't have done it. Do you get the feeling we're not wanted? How'd you know this? Doesn't matter how now. Wheelan's given Matchin an alibi. Get Matchin released. These bastards have had this all their own way. And we make sure we get this right from now on. We'll run the whole thing from the bar in the hotel if we have to. What? You can go. [groaning] What happened? What happened? Who hit you, Anthony? You've lied to me. You're guilty of obstruction and you've assaulted a prisoner. If anyone needs assaulting around here, I'll be the one to do it. WHEELAN: Oh, I-- No, no, I don't want to argue. You know what you've done and you know that I know. If anything else happens to Matchin, anything at all, I'm holding you and your Assistant Chief Constable personally responsible. Tony. Tony! We can't see anymore. Oh. Tony! [gasping for air] Creegan! No! Tony! [theme music] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 