Touching Evil: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Touching Evil 
 s1e1 - Through the Clouds: Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Touching Evil (1997–1999): Season 1, Episode 1 - Through the Clouds: Part 1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [wind chimes tinkling] [children laughing] [music playing] [alarm] [yelling] I want to speak to Creegan. I want to speak to Creegan. Anybody fancy anything from the canteen? Just give us a shout if you [inaudible]... Tenner on the big guy. Why doesn't somebody just get Creegan? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We don't have a bloody Creegan. Yes, you have. I want to speak to Creegan. I want Creegan. I want Creegan. I want to speak to Creegan. I want to speak to Creegan. Cyril. Cyril. You're scaring a lot of people, man. You want to just calm down? Five deep breaths. Three. They said you weren't here. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Well, they should know better. They know now. Aye. Let's grab a coffee. Decaf might be an idea. It's like, uh, all over the place, and then here. Everywhere. And then straight in front of me, and it's really dark. And I get fried. Really, really black. Dark or black? I get frightened. I get pushed out of the way because I don't mean anything. I'm just trying to see. Does someone die? Yeah. Is it a murder? And you're watching? Not with me own eyes. I've seen it through the clouds. You going to be all right, Cyril? You got a haircut. [wolf whistle] I did it myself. It looks brilliant. Could you show me friend to [inaudible]... please? This lady will take you downstairs. Don't touch her breasts. She won't understand. You'll be fine. Look after yourself. What was that all about? That? That was Cyril Goaling. Nostradamus of the under world. Yes, this is DI Dave Creegan, I'm new in. I'm on extension 2161, if anybody needs to get through. Thanks. So he's now what? Some kind of psychic? Look, I pretend I can do shorthand, Cyril, he pretends he's a psychic. Yes. Wow, good luck to you. Do you want to tell me what you're doing in my office? You're a day early. That's a bad habit for a copper. Key to make an impression. Oh, you've done that. Remind me never to put you on a dawn raid. I'm sorry about this. Inspector David Creegan, Inspector Susan Taylor. You're sharing, by the way, until we can sort space out. Read this on the way down, and ring me when you get there. From? It's in Albans. You're reporting to CS Tony Beacham. He thinks you're already on your way. Right. Both of you. You spent a long time alone recently? Why? Well, if you're not going to talk, I'll have to grab a couple of hitchhikers. Obviously, I'm a bit rusty on the rules. You'll give us a nudge if I make any coddle. Told to check in with CS Beacham I'm an inspector. You're an inspector. Enwright never wastes resources. Why has he made us partners? Is he trying to tell me something? Should he be telling you something? No, he bloody well shouldn't. My track record is impeccable. If you do say so yourself. Oh, I do. Good. Well, if you don't bring it up again, neither will I. Equal status, equal billing. Two runnings. Did Enwright brief you? Child abduction. Kept track in the news on the other two. Same format. It's always busy. Nobody saw anything. Nobody heard anything, and it's a dedicated safe haven. Not your first port of call if your desperate then. Unless you know what you come for. You've obviously got your reasons for not bringing the OSC in sooner. Same age, all male, this one's Eddie Franklin, age 7. His mother was only there when he went. What the hell is going on? Number three is going on, Frank. I'm talking about this lot, assuming I've heard right. Are you handing this over to the OSC? You were asked to make contact-- This is my case. It is my ground work, and it is my responsibility. Number three, Frank, and you were instructed last week to make contact with the OSC. You told me you had. I faxed outlines. The Briefly we got at headquarters said for information only. [inaudible]? Sorry, can I? Germany, February, '94. There was an Interpol flyer flying around. Two kids abducted. He buried their shoes at the scene of the crime. What triggered us was the daffodil. The daffodil? It's December. It's plastic. Can we go back to the last two sites? You're all recruited from Cambridge, aren't ya? Oxford. Durham. Your worse than the bleeding masons. Since when did it take a degree to catch Ian Brady? They didn't Ian Brady. He got turned in. We wouldn't be here unless we could help. Listen, sweetheart, I've been swimming down this lane 18 years, so don't play the double act with me, all right? I met Creegan this morning. I know as much about him as he does. Oh, I know about Creegan. I've checked you out, so don't come in here looking like the Patron Saint of how it's done. Are you refusing to cooperate? That's very grown up of you, Frank. Look. You come in here now, and you clean this up, and that's my career. It depends how many times your name comes up on the final report, Frank. I'll be filing the report. Try charming me. They Spent 400 man hours on this. The wasted half of the man hours because they missed half the bloody clues. They know that, and they're embarrassed. Jerry Casper was last seen here. Carol, did you see anyone? Do you remember any single men who might have come near or walked past? Look, Eddie's a smart kid. He knows about nuts. He wouldn't have just gone off with somebody. We'll copy this and get it straight back to you, Carol. These all are repeat performance tapes. Anyone appearing in the park on more than one day and more than once in the same day. I'm presuming the perp picked this spot so he must have been on a reckie previously. John, sorry, Jonathan Kreitman, and [inaudible]... Says he knows his keyboard like a woman. You see, I don't think he's ever had a woman, which is why he hammers it. CREEGAN: How long have do these tapes go back? For a week, and then recorded over. This is the most recent 100 hours. The rest are being sent up. So, go on, what are we looking at? Well, that's Mrs. Franklin and her friend. And that's Eddie. You got a clear shot of that? We've only got a school photo. That woman there, she's on both tapes. She's in the park every day. I'm sick of the sight of her. She's a nanny for those two. That's a spliff, by the way. I reckon her and the kids deserve each other. There is something else. Now concentrate or you'll miss it. Dit de dit de di di di. Do do doo. Doo do doo do boo. Back. Yellow Volvo? - Correct. - Where? Watch. Jerry Casper, 3 PM, last Tuesday. Steven Lorde, 5 PM, Saturday. Eddie Franklin, 9:00 yesterday morning. All of them were marked by the presence of the artificial flowers. The only other forensics identified were in the woodland areas. They were weeks or months old. Mostly [inaudible]. Sorry. Sorry. I think I found something. Apologies to anyone I haven't tuned in today. This is DI Dave Creegan, new to us, but very lived in. We worked at [inaudible] street together. He helped me plan the OSC two years back before he went on a sabbatical. Well, I'll let him speak for himself. Yeah. These are all suspects and witnesses from the [inaudible] team's files, including a voluntary witness statement by this man. Ronald Hinks. He was in the [inaudible] precinct when Jerry Casper got lifted. He gave average corroborating information, cup of tea for his trouble, and he was sent home. This car is registered to Ronald Hinks, seen here at Greenwich Park the day Eddie Franklin disappeared. Also the day before. - Who's [inaudible]? - Here. Right, Steve, get us an arrest and search for this guy's house. Kreitman, Rivers, you're with Creegan and Taylor. I'll liaise with South Harts, make sure they're not losing their shopping because we need them on our side. I haven't finished. All right. Stuttgart, Germany, February '94. Two identical abductions. The flowers marking the shoes marking the scenes of the crime where the bodies eventually turned up. Bodies? The victims were both found at their original vanishing scenes in plastic bags. Both suffocated. Professor Ronald Hinks, 56, geneticists working for Kessler UK. Kessler UK is owned by a Swiss pharmaceutical company, one of Kessler's branches is in Stuttgart. Hinks worked in Stuttgart in '93 to '94. So why stall arresting him? He's not going to talk. He's made himself visible. You think he wants to be caught? I think he wants to be chased. There's three roads to the park. Picks the only one on camera. Just on camera. There's no reason he should know it from that distance. He's been planning this for years. He's not going to make any mistakes. Marion? It's a double edged sword. On the one hand, by the way, welcome to OSC-- on the one hand, the flowers and the shoes are obviously compulsive signatures. If he's throwing down the gauntlet, he's expecting a battle. If he's expecting a battle, he's more prepared than we are. It's highly unlikely they're still alive, but whether-- I'm sorry. Marion is our psychologist. Get away. But whether they are or not, I'd have serious reservations about leaving them on the street. What are you suggesting? Let's disappoint him. Ronald Hinks? [barking] Henry, be quiet. Correct. You called a dog Henry. Is this concerning my statement? Yeah, I know it's a bit boring, but we need over over a couple of contradictions. Really? Well, please, come in. No stone unturned. You know, Eliot Ness. I thought I gave an accurate description. I know it's tedious, but we need to go over that description again. Just tell him. He's not going to bite your head off. We mislaid your statement, and the boss is asking for details. It's my fault. She can't find it. I see. Well, light brown hair, early 20s, average height, one of the great unwashed. He looked quite on edge, and the only time we connected eyes, he looked quite hostile. That's brilliant, Professor. Thanks for your time. You're welcome. Henry, be quiet. Where can we contact you on working hours? You know I'm a professor but you don't know where I work? You'd have been cross checked on the IR register. It's a formality. I see. Well, Parmounts Demur, the Kessler building at the university. The Sistine Chapel is brilliant. Sorry? I have an allergy to words like brilliant and fabulous. Students use them. You light cluster, by the way, it's not brilliant. It's busted, in fact. Could get stopped for that. Yes, of course, I over shot a ballard at work. I've been meaning to book it in for a fortnight. Thanks, again. What was that all about? I wanted to see his face when he lied. It's him. He's got a dog, so don't get too close to the house. When he moves, you follow him. OK. How you doing? Gosh, sorry. Where are we? This is where I get out. See you in the morning. He's just left Langum Lane. All clear. What are you waiting for? The locksmith's stuck in traffic. [barking and whining] He's turned around. Hinks is coming back to the house. Repeat, Hinks is coming back to the house. Get out now. Shit. Get out of the house. What's happening? House is clean. Morning. You think Creegan's adjusting? He's adjusting. Ask me how I'm doing when I've caught up. I wouldn't sell you a turkey, you know? That's holding me together, sir. I owe you a drink. One I can swim in. Come on, love, a cow don't hang on to it's milk that long. You smell gorgeous for a cleaner? Maybe I should ask what you can do with your marigolds. Oh, no, don't scare yourself, Rivers. You just gotta mush around, you perv. How can anyone doubt that men lack direction when all their toilets smell like this. I don't like where you work. Getting upset because they gave you a hard time. I'm investigating the disappearance of three kids. What can you give me? They're gonna die. But they're not dead? Cyril, those murders you saw when you came to my office, was it these? I saw it. Through the clouds. Yes, but was it these? I don't know. Could I have a pudding? Creegan? Can you fly? As in? This is where all the tiresome repetitive work has to be done. Thankfully, not by me these days. Hands up, anyone, who's had a vaccine? Well, I think if you asked your parents, you'd find that you had. The animals here could serve a purpose. That purpose is to provide a means of testing human formulae before it's released onto the market. They're the barrier between you, me, and untried science. But the animals are all very well treated, aren't they, Professor Hinks. Well, we make them very comfortable. Yes, but many of them have to be killed. Come on. What we're mainly focusing on here is the most basic human structure. Can anyone tell me what that is? The heart, sir? Crucial, yes, but this is something even more fundamental to life than that. DNA, sir? Correct. You know what these initials stand for? Come on, we talked about this last Thursday. Deoxyribonucleic acid, sir. "Jurassic Park," sir. Very good. He's the one to stick with. He knows all the answers. He does the school magazine. Is it any good? He's a prick, sir. Mark Fulper and Christian Mann, they were abducted four days apart. Some of us saw that as significant, some didn't, but it was never resolved. Louis, will you tell the families we're grateful for their help? We'll do all we can. The only hope they have now is that you will show their children's killer. Any way of tracking down Hinks's accommodation in Stuttgart? We've arranged it. 185. Used to be leased to Kessler International. [speaking german] Do you mind if we shut the garage door? Creegan, I'm allergic to cats. You got me standing in cat shit. Why am I letting you do this to me? He wouldn't go to all this trouble. You would not make a place like this if all you were going to do is kill them. I think they're still alive. Look, OSC get the same holidays as regular coppers. They tell you this [inaudible]... do they? So what's this eight weeks training leave all about? Eight weeks training? Crap. My training for this bit lasted about 15 minutes. Well, it shows. What's that suppose to mean? You open with your mouth open, and your feet stink. Piss off. He led us here. With that much evidence, he led us to his house. To a clean house, exactly like his other house. And if [inaudible] steam cleaned that garage once a week for the last four years, we're not going to find any admissible samples there. I know. Happy birthday, by the way. How'd you know it's my birthday? The same way you know I work in special branch. I got your file out. Cheers. Well, if you talked more, I wouldn't have had to. Go on then. I know you worked on vice till you took a bullet through the head in a drugs raid. 12 months sick leave, then there's a hole in your file. Psychiatric leave? Post-grad in criminology, got an [inaudible]... so if you wanted to pull rank, you could waive you certificates. Which would be very cheap and very vulgar. But I wouldn't put it past me. Enwright drove up to see me in August, he asked me to come work for your lot. Obviously, a fan. He's hoping I will. You're not? Do you care? Do you? You're not my type professor, if that's the question. It wasn't. Fine. What is your type? For the record. Younger than you with bigger muscles and no qualifications whatsoever. Fine. So it took you from August to get here? I was looking for something I could do without having to answer to everybody else. My ideal job is selling ice cream. You drive the van yourself, you mix the ingredients yourself, and the only complication is a greedy, fat kid wanting more ninety-nines than you've got flakes for. Either way it's one to one. I focus best on one to one. But you joined a team. We are a team, Creegan. Inspectors! On the original autopsy, traces of a chemical were found in the blood of Mark Fulper, an anesthetic. What about Christian Mann? Christian was never tested. Mark had had a tooth extracted at the dentist the evening before he was abducted, which explained the presence of [inaudible]... Today, they screened Christian's blood and found faint traces of the same. If they were injected, it explains why they never showed for their moms. Mrs. Franklin said there was no way Eddie would go with a stranger. They were abducted four days apart? How long after the second abduction were they murdered? Six days. TAYLOR: Our last abduction was four days ago. They are still alive. Thanks. Thank you. Good luck. He's on his way into work. Yeah, we're tracking him along the A40-2-4. Don't be soft, take the door off. I'm still waiting on a warrant. Don't worry, I've got it. Looking at it now. Take it down to the brick work, Frank. Recognize any of these, Professor? Or these? What's wrong? We working too fast for you? Get out of the car. Get out the car! This is Professor Hinks, I need to speak to the legal department urgently. I don't know. I'm being arrested. It's all very bizarre. His room's on this floor. If you don't give me an answer fast, you can whistle for the keys. Hey. What? OK, I need an inventory of all chemical substances brought into the building over the past 12 months, specifically psychoactive or sedative substances. I need any clothing, gloves, foot wear, head gear, whatever the professor-- You are completely bloody deaf? Dean Martin, singer, Dean Saunders, sense of forward, Dean of Medicine, remind me. I don't know whether you've forgotten the score or just picked up some bad habits while you were out of action, but I think you should relax a bit. Is that right? Well, he's not exactly throwing evidence at us, is he? Any mistakes on our part, we lose points in court. And what mistakes have we made? You forced a suspect out of his car at gunpoint. That could trip us up in court. And that's a DC talking to an inspector. Where did your bad habits come from, Rivers? Any mistakes should be his. We will get him. OK, point taken. And it's not cool to pull rank anymore. And it means you got to buy the drinks. Obviously, all the victims have similarities. Age, hair color, eye color, so we're not looking at generic pedophilia. The image is very specific, and there was no evidence of sexual violation with either of the German kids, so he's not a pedophile, or if he is, he shows remarkable restraint. We could be looking at some kind of manifestation of grief, something platonic, friend, brother, father. Hinks is an only child. Never been married, and both his parents are alive and kicking in Tunbridge Wells. It that isn't a contradiction in terms. I need a bit more that this Marion. You want to try again? It could have been the early death of a relative, a school friend. Could have been the early death of his hamster. What I need are triggers to get him talking. If you've an allergy to psychologist, I suggest you get that looked at. Is there anywhere I can get some food? There's a canteen on the second floor, Marion. She's as good as the rest of us. You knock her, you knock us, which reflects on you. Absolutely nothing. The only prints in that house belonged to him. The dogs have been walked till their knacker's dropped off. We've interviewed 150 residents and regulars to a mile radius, including the estate up the road. They've seen nothing. They've heard nothing. Your warrant for the file. Hey, this wasn't signed until 10 o'clock. Your watch is slow. The only drugs that passed anesthetics aren't controlled by Hinks. If he'd removed that kind of stuff from the labs, there's a triple signature procedure. Yeah, but he's in charge of the program. Could have dodged the books. He'd still only get access to enough gear to knock a rat out. It's nowhere near enough to sedate a human, even a small one. Well, for a crack team, you've slipped in your own shit fast enough. You've commissioned more man hours in two days than we've spent in two weeks. But we've delivered, Dolland. You haven't had a single sniff of the bloody victims, and very soon, you won't have a suspect much longer. Have you seen who he's got for a brief? Peter Lister. Kessler just flown in from Belgium. His chauffeur is in the canteen. So even with evidence, he'd piss you out of court, and you've got nothing. I'm struggling to understand why that should make you smile, Frank. I could smile with that much Scotch inside me before breakfast. Do you want to say that again, you little shit? I could smile with that-- TAYLOR: Rivers, move. Ronald, you're obviously not going to qualify for legal aid on your salary, but Mr. Lister is a very expensive brief. Have you got that kind of money? Don't have to answer that. Do universities pay that kind of money these days? Have I missed a revolution? I represent Kessler UK. I see. On record, that Mr. Hinks doesn't actually work for the university, he works for Kessler UK at the University. On record, that the bill for Mr. Hinks's defense has been footed by said Kessler UK. You have no case to make. My client strenuously denies all charges laid against him, and you have no evidence whatsoever. How long you worked for Kessler, Peter? Oh, really, this is-- As far back as '94? Yes. Stuttgart. Did you work in Stuttgart? Indeed, I did. So you were there about the same time he was. About the same time two boys were abducted in identical circumstances, both found dead six days later. Were you his brief then, Mr. Lister? That's a very crass accusation. It's not an accusation. It is three questions. Three pieces of information. Were you interviewed at all in connection with those crimes, Ronald? Briefly, as a witness. As a witness. And were you his brief during this piece of history, Mr. Lister? I was not. Oh, no, that's right. It was another brief paid for by Kessler International. I don't know what connection you're trying to make, but a voluntary statement made during an extensive police inquiry does not implicate me in any way in any crime whatsoever. I know. But it's twice you've done that, Ronald. So? Interview terminated, 1653. Did you want to use the toilet? No. Now, please answer my question. Have you or have you not any reason to hold my client any longer? No. Where are those kids? Creegan, what if we've got all of our resources pinned on the wrong guy? What if we can't find any evidence because there's none to find? It is worrying me. Why isn't it worrying you? We can't find any evidence, so you presume it's not him. Why isn't it striking you that Hinks is bright enough to avoid us finding evidence. Because without more evidence, a conviction is a fantasy. Based on the fact that all you expect is a conviction. Hinks is a freak. He's an intelligent freak who credits himself with being in control of the facts. If all you're waiting for is evidence, then we got three dead kids around the corner, Taylor. He did it. I think you best speak to Enwright before we go any further. If we don't find them, and he lets them die, he won't be blaming himself. I will. Then you need to stand back. You can't take responsibility for all of them, Creegan. But that's the only reason why I'm here. The responsibility is the only reason why I came back, Taylor. What are you here for? The more I come after you, the more we embarrass Kessler, the faster they start talking about your early retirement. It's their name they're looking after, Ron, not yours. I'm filing a report for wrongful arrest. You're welcome to add threatening behavior to that. I'll send you the forms. They will dump you, Ronald, because I'm not going anywhere. I am in your face till we put you away. Then, we'll grow old within sight of each other, won't we? Because quite frankly, I don't think you're up to your job. Mr. [inaudible]... it'll help you. Just get me some flesh. [inaudible] needle. What happened? Are you a relative? He came in with a severe asthma attack. What are you talking about? Cyril's not an asthmatic. We've given him some of the strongest medication we can, but he's deteriorating fairly quickly. Cyril? It's a condition we call dry drowning. He's pulling fluid into his lungs and we're struggling to control it. I'm going to take him up to intensive care. YOUNG BOY'S VOICE 1: Don't got to sleep. Don't go to sleep. YOUNG BOY'S VOICE 2: I'm cold. YOUNG BOY'S VOICE 1: Stand up, Colin, stand up. YOUNG BOY'S VOICE 2: I'm cold. I can't breathe. [fly buzzing] LITTLE BOY'S VOICE 1: I can't breathe. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 