Touching Evil: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Touching Evil 
 s2e4 - War Relief: Part 2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Touching Evil (1997–1999): Season 2, Episode 4 - War Relief: Part 2 - full transcript 
 Jim Keller goes on the run but when the team speak to his wife Ann,it transpires that he was so haunted by his experiences in Bosnia that he wanted to forget them and in his own perverted way is doing the same for the colleagues he knew there whom he is now killing and ritually 'burying'. They eventually trace him to a deserted warehouse where he has brought his next victim and DS rivers is particularly heroic in attempting to safely apprehend him. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [knocking] ANN KELLER: Jim, are you all right in there? What's happening? - When was he last seen? - We're checking. I can't believe it. How can they just lose him? Double the cover on Mackie's flat. And when the two idiots that lost Keller get back, make sure they see me before anyone else, right, me first. Now, I want anyone who could be a target protected from this freak. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What? Tea? Hm. I'm sorry I've not been in touch. It doesn't matter. You're here now. It's just there were things I had to do, important things. I had my reasons. Whatever the reasons, I can wait as long as it takes. You just tell me in your own good time. The main thing is you're home. Hm. I thought I'd lost you forever. I'll do that. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh. Oh, run it under the cold water quickly. I just heard. What's happening? Well, it looks like-- - We've lost him. - Mark! He's out there, and we're just going to-- Oh, shut up, Mark. So what do you suggest we do about it? We're going to sit down and talk about it while he decides who to kill next. Do what you like, Mark. Dave, Dave. Look, post-traumatic stress disorder is real, and it's happening to Keller. He is not a freak, Mark. You know, whatever's going through his mind right now, well, I've been there. What's happening to him can happen to anyone here. But if you can't get your head around that, then there's nothing left for me to say. And that's it. Yeah, is it not enough for you? I'm sorry. I didn't mean to. Don't worry. I don't know what got into me. Forget it, love, it's not important. It's just that I've been trying to work things out in my head. And I think I've got sorted now. Good, I'm glad. I didn't mean to make all this mess. Oh, it's only water. It's not working. We'll get another one. I've broken it. It's not important. No? What about this? Is this important? Jim! Is this important? Stop it. Ah. [screams] JIM KELLER: Is that important? [glass breaking] Trauma isn't something that happens to other people. It's a very personal thing. One minute everything is normal. The next, you're a patient. I mean, when I was hit by a bullet, you know, it's something you never forget. Every day for two years, all I kept seeing was a flash of a gun then blood, everyday, blood, you know, to the point where I wanted to die. But with Keller, it's worse, something we can't even imagine. And he can't talk to anyone about it. See, I-- I just got angry. You get angry with everyone, especially Carrie. She just got in the way of everything. And I never touched Carrie. But there's this rage inside, and it just gets bigger and bigger. Keller's not angry with everyone. He hates everyone. And there's no one there for him. So where the hell is he? Oh, he's somewhere safe, somewhere familiar. He won't have gone far. Shit. [music playing] [moaning] AMBULANCE WORKER 1: Call the hospitals. AMBULANCE WORKER 2: Yes. All right, lift on my count, one, two, three. How is she? AMBULANCE WORKER 2: She's badly hurt, severe lacerations. She's lost a lot of blood. Door to door-- I want every house, every car, every shed, garage, dustbin. Do you understand? Creegan, in here. It was loose. I've checked, but I can't find anything. [phone ringing] Hello? Are you all right? Yeah, yeah, no problem. Where? Um, what time? OK. You're early. What about you? - You up to speed? - Yeah. Good. I, uh, spoke to Marion about Ann Keller. The parcel tape they used on her, they used that on prisoners in Bosnia. So he's recreating it all again, like fighting the trauma. Exactly. And what do you think was hidden in that fireplace? Something special to him, a [inaudible] of Mackie maybe. Why'd he want to take that with him? And where is he now? And where is he going next? And what is going on in his head? Hey! - Yep. - Cheers. Yep. [music playing] What do you make of the view, Ray? What do you think is going on in Jim's head? We're ready. Creegan. I was nearly like this. No, you weren't, not nearly. Yes, I was. I'm sorry, Jackie. But you're the only one I can talk to about it all. He was my best friend, and I loved him. I did do the right thing, didn't I? Oh, you've got to take things easy, Jim. I think I'm going off my head. I beat my own wife up, for Christ's sake. What? I know. And she's got nothing to do with it. At least the others, they all understood. They wanted me to do it. They were in so much pain. - You understand, don't you? - No. You still see it. We both do. But the others were pretending it wasn't there anymore. So that just made the pain worse for them. I'm not listening to this. Yes, Jackie, at last. Just-- just-- You're just like the rest of them. You're all the same. You don't care. Oh, let go of me, Jim! [screams] It was what they wanted. You know how you look into Mackie's eyes, and there's nothing there? No pain whatsoever-- Keller's taken it all. Dave, what is it? It's just seeing Mackie. It keeps going back. That's what Carrie must have seen. I thought you were over that. Well, I am. Carrie isn't. Oh, she's got the kids, you know, another one on the way. And Barry, he's a good man, someone who won't let her down. What are you talking about? I feel like I'm stopping her from being happy, Susan. It's like I poisoned her, you know? I took her down with me, and now, she can get back up. But the kids, I mean, I don't know whether-- I don't know whether I'm going to lose them or not. Maybe it's nothing to do with you. - And maybe ... - Maybe we should get going. [phone ringing] Yeah, Taylor. Hang on. Jackie Parker's been found dead. [radio chatter] You're sure it was Keller? The old lady's identified Keller. She said it was a frenzied attack. So it's escalated. No compassion left, just pure rage. Apparently, Keller was shouting at her, trying to explain something. Why, he's got no one left to talk to now, does he? Mackie. [horns blaring] SUSAN TAYLOR: What's happening? [shouting] It's OK. You're OK. [horns blaring] [shouting] MARK RIVERS: Have you seen Raymond Mackie? Where's Mackie? HOSPITAL WORKER: Everyone out! [music playing] Keller! Oh, he could be anywhere. We've checked the tapes. Keller! All right, what about here? We've got the table. Put it over here. And put a TV on it, what do you think? We need to get some sleeping bags or something before we freeze to death. Not to worry, we'll work it out. Great stuff. You and me, eh, Ray, just like the old days. Better already. It's still not entirely clear, but I know you needed a report early. So what do you got? Well, the wounds are inflicted so rapidly on top of each other, it's hard to say in which order it happened. But I'd say the arms and legs were broken first, also the fingers. However, it was the length of time she was held under water that killed her. She was probably unconscious in the first 30 seconds. Whoever did this battered an unconscious woman for nearly 10 minutes. [chattering] Excuse me, have you got a copy of "War Games?" Peppermints, please. That's right. Where will I find the magazine "War Games?" You do stock it, don't you? Don't know. It's a military magazine. About the army, right? Yeah. Never heard of it. "War Games," it comes out every month. Listen, mate, the war's been over since 1945. Why don't you take up knitting or something? JIM KELLER: You're not going to believe this. Listen. "One witness said Ms. Parker was trying to reason with her attacker." Bullshit. I was the one trying to reason with her. "The attack was apparently without motive." God, Ray, she wouldn't bloody listen to me. "The innocent victim--" what? It was her own fault. Just like Ann, she was the same. I can't believe I'm reading this. It's all about me. But they haven't got a clue what they're talking about. They're just making it up as they go along. "Police say people out alone should be vigilant." What do they think I'm going to do? Yeah, you're the bastard who started all this. It's all your bloody fault, not mine. [beeping] JIM KELLER (ON ANSWERING MACHINE): You know it didn't have to happen. She cared about me. If you'd done things properly, it would have been fine. But you poisoned her against me. It's all your fault, everything that happened and everything that's going to happen. How does that feel, Rivers? It's going to be all right here, Ray, just you and me. I'll do some shopping, get some food. Maybe we could have a barbecue. I'm the man on the spit, remember? That woman soaked in petrol, you shouldn't have blown her away like that. You were my hero, Ray, and heroes don't do things like that. I've killed more people, right? I don't know why. Perhaps I didn't want them to keep seeing you do that. Like when you wanted me to kill you, I didn't understand. Oh, god, why have you made me do these things? Don't blame me for it. I know that deep down you didn't really want me to do it, but I did. Oh, Ray, I'm sorry. Please say you'll forgive me. I can't go on unless you forgive me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, you're right, Ray, I knew I'd done the right thing and all the others too. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I think you'll find that interesting. Yeah? We did further analyses, this time reexamining the sheets. Now, there's nothing on Joe Glenn, but on the sheet that wrapped Eddie Walker, there are traces of chlorine. Chlorine? Yeah, and more than you'd find in tap water. You're looking for somewhere with a higher concentration of chlorine, somewhere like a chemical works or water plant. No, it's simpler than that. OK, if the sheets are contaminated with chlorine, then there's a good chance that he's washing the bodies in the same place. Now, I've checked every swimming pool, local baths, and sports center within the area. There are five swimming pools at a reasonable distance from where Keller left Eddie's body. Good. All being used? No, one's empty. Hasn't been used for 10 years. [whooshing] [music playing] [sirens in distance] [sirens] Where's Keller? Is he OK? Yeah. Yeah, you're safe now, Ray. Where the bloody hell's Keller? Give him back to me. He's mine. He needs me. He told me. JIM KELLER (ON ANSWERING MACHINE): You don't care about him. Nobody cares. But he's mine. How could you do this? I'll make you pay for this. And that's it. Got it tracked? No-- He [inaudible]. It's all right, Mark. How is this all right? [chattering] Cigarettes. CLERK: What sort? What's it matter? Careful, soldier, you can damage your health. So when he rings, don't interrupt. Just let him talk, and when you can, tell him you understand. Bullshit him. Right. You tell him you want to listen to what he's going to say. You tell him it's not his fault. Give him the excuse he's after. Exactly. You just remember he's lost the only people he can talk to. He is desperate to open up. [knocking] This just got delivered by the florist. What's happening? [muffled shouting] Ah, what are you doing? [muffled shouting] Read it. J-- J-- ah. My grave-- only I'm not dead, am I? Help. Give me that. [gunshot] [phone ringing] Rivers. JIM KELLER (ON PHONE): How could you? You're in pain, Jim. We need to talk. JIM KELLER (ON PHONE): I don't believe you. How can I trust any of you now? Why-- why don't you tell me where you are, Jim? You can make it through this. She didn't care. She buried me alive. Can you believe that? Can we meet up somewhere, Jim, uh, just-- just you and me? You don't care. MARK RIVERS (ON PHONE): I do, Jim. Then why did you do it, Mark? Didn't you care enough about him? MARK RIVERS (ON PHONE): I don't understand. [phone clicks] Shit. What did he say? She didn't care. There was something else. She buried me alive. [radio chatter] [phone ringing] Jason Rhodes, his father got him a job in the newsagents just before he left school last summer. Did anyone see him with Keller? The friend he worked with said Keller was in the shop twice this week. Apparently, Jason had been winding him up. - Jason was a revenge killing. - It looks like. Keller had been waiting for him. He knew what he wanted. What about the swimming pool? We've got it covered. He won't go back there. He's got a gun. What do we know about it? Nothing, yet. COMMANDER ENWRIGHT: What are we doing? The forensics are checking the bullets. It's the first time he's killed a complete stranger. He doesn't care anymore. He'll do anything-- I know he will-- absolutely anything. [music playing] I'll go and put the kettle on. [beep] JIM KELLER (ON ANSWERING MACHINE): I only put him in that grave because I thought they would take notice. I thought-- I thought they'd care because it was him. But it didn't make any difference. Nothing's changed. And you're just like the rest of them. [beep] I've been told to give you this note for DC Rivers. [phone ringing] Creegan. Yes? What's happened? Where? I see. Thanks. No, really, thank you. What happened? Dave. Carrie's had her baby. It's a little girl. That's brilliant. How is she? Uh, fine, doing well. So what does that make me? You're, um, a stepfather. No. No. You're her ex step father-in-law once removed. Oh, actually, you're, uh, a nothing-in-law. Thank you, Mark. Yeah, once removed. [phone ringing] Rivers. I'll pop down. Cheers. Dave? Don't. He'll be fine. I was going to ask how much the baby weighed. Didn't ask. I didn't even ask for a name. That's the job, Dave. Yeah, got to work on that one. MARK RIVERS: Look at this, hand delivered by some kid. It's nonsense, gibberish. Well, it makes sense. What? When he sends a note instead of calling us, it's because he doesn't want us to answer back. Let me see it again. Well, at least he's writing. So what do we do now? Well, if he won't contact us, we'll have to contact him. A press conference, you must be bloody joking. Chris, give him a chance. DAVE CREEGAN: We understand it's asking a lot, Mr. Rhodes. You're damn bloody right it is. We wouldn't do it if we didn't think it would help catch the man who killed Jason. Do you know who did it? They haven't got a bloody clue. That's why they want us to do their job for them. Shut up, Chris. Bloody useless. What we need to do, Mr. Rhodes, is to make sure what happened to Jason doesn't happen again. What good's that to us? We'll do it. What? What are you talking about? Shut up, Chris, I said we'd do it, if you're sure it'll help. [garbled voices] [garbled voices] You don't know what you're talking about. I'm the only one who knows what's going on here. So piss off! Do you want me to handle this? Don't tempt me. I hate these things. So what's the plan? I'll say a few words. Tell everyone why they're here, and just hand it over to Mrs. Rhodes. Do you think she'll be OK? Oh, she will be fine. They both will. What? Say we understand him? How the hell can we do that? - Oh, calm down, Chris. - Calm down. That's as good as saying we forgive him. Nobody's expecting us to forgive this man for what he's done, Mr. Rhodes. But if we can plant a seed that makes him feel he's got hope. Oh, I know. I know the better our chances of catching him. [chatter] If I could have everybody's attention please, I'm assuming you've all been informed by the press officer the reason why I've asked you here today. This press corps is being broadcast live by every domestic news program in the hope that we can bring to an end the series of recent murders. The victim's mother, Mrs. Rhodes, will read a statement, and afterwards, I will be available for questions and answers. Mrs. Rhodes would like to read her statement now. Just take your time, Mrs. Rhodes. Our son, Jason, was a typical teenage boy, always full of mischief. We want the man who did this to know we wish him no harm. And although what you did was wrong, I don't believe you're a bad person. You must be feeling terribly guilty and very sad when you think about what happened. That's why I'm sure you don't want this to ever happen again. I want you to know that we bear you no malice. I can't do this no more. It's all lies. I don't care what you need, you piece of scum. I want you to know that rotting out would be too good for you. You sick bastard. Please, stop. [shouting] [commotion] [shouting on tv] Empty buildings. No, too vague, Mark. We can't just-- We'll go to the factories then. - It's worth a try surely. - Come on. Think of the scale of that. We've got to do something. You've read all the reports, checked all the files? Yes. Yeah, I've gone over it all 100 times. There's nothing more we can do. We wait. [music playing] No. Jim. [phone ringing] Creegan. I want Rivers. Well, Mark's not here right now, Jim. Can I help? He shouldn't have done it. I can help you, Jim. Believe me. I know what you're going through. It's too late. Now I'm going to kill them all. No. We've got forensics on the bullet. We have? [inaudible] assault rifle. Shit. Those things fire 30 bullets like [snap].. - He's going to do it again. - [inaudible] I'm going to kill them all. That's what he said. Kill them all. Who's he talking about? A lot of people. So what are we looking at, a football crowd, something like that? No, no, remember, he's just seen a press conference from hell. So this is personal, special to him. Shit. Jason's parents. There's a funeral. [music playing] I am the resurrection and the life, sayeth the Lord. He that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live. And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. [sirens] I said we need backup and plenty of it. [music playing] What's he playing at? Now I've lost him. Where the hell has Mark got to? Oh, give me a break. Come in, Rivers. Rivers, come in. To himself, our dear brother, dear departed. We therefore commit his body to the ground. Earth to earth, ashes to ashes, dust to dust, in true and final hope of resurrection to eternal life through our Lord, Jesus Christ, amen. [music playing] Oh, no. [screaming] Get down! Get down! [screaming] Put it down, Jim. Put the gun down. It's all over, Jim. Put the gun down. I know you don't want to do this, Jim. This isn't your battle. These people are not your enemies. But we can talk about it, just you and me. But you're going to have to put the gun down first, OK? OK? OK. [gasping] [sirens] Oh, no, Mark. [music playing] Two minutes, two bloody minutes. Wait. Hi. Mark, listen, they all survived, OK? Well? I don't know. Oh, shit. Was it me? Did I push him to this? No, he'd have done it any way, Susan. He's like me. We're always trying to prove ourselves. He'll pull through. If he does, it could finish him. No, it won't. [theme music] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 