Isabel: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Isabel 
 s1e1 - Isabel, la reina - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Isabel (2011–2014): Season 1, Episode 1 - Isabel, la reina - full transcript 
 When Queen Juana is finally pregnant after 7 years of marriage, King Enrique IV orders that his half-siblings Isabel and Alfonso be brought from their home in Arevalo to the decadent Royal Court of Castile in Segovia. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Kingdom of Castile, 1474 Subtitles by DramaFever Your Majesty. Your Majesty? The king is dead! The king is dead! What happened? Why the hurry? I'm sorry, but the message we bring is for Do?a Isabel, princess of Castile. Before he died, did my brother say anything or sign a document about who would inherit the throne? No, Your Highness. Can you attest to what you say? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Do not doubt this. There's no time to lose. Chac?n, prepare everything. Your Highness, there is something you must know. Diego Hurtado de Mendoza has convened a meeting to discuss who will inherit the throne. You or Do?a Juana, daughter of the late King Enrique. There's nothing to figure out. I've been patient for long enough. Your Highness, perhaps you should wait for the meeting to reach a decision. On the contrary, that's why we should hurry. We, the Mendozas, have asked for much but we have only received leftovers. - But-- - I will not wait, Cabrera. I beg you to give these gentlemen dry clothes and warm food. Then call the knight commander, the judges, and the councilmen. That is the protocol, is it not? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Is something bothering you? Your husband. What will he think of not being present at the proclamation? Fernando will understand. He's fought for this moment too. What if he doesn't? His character is as strong as yours. Then he will learn something important. He might rule Aragon, but I am in charge of Castile. Isabel Aragonese-French border - Bad news? - King Enrique is dead. So why the seriousness? It's going according to our plans. We won the battle, and you'll be king of Castile as well as of Aragon. What else did your wife say? Isabel didn't send the letter, my friend Alonso from Palencia did. I see. So what are you worried about? That she wants to be declared queen without my being there. I hope she doesn't make that mistake. Don Rodrigo de Ulloa, lord treasurer of the kingdom. Don Garci Franco, member of the Royal Council. Do you swear to God that the king Don Enrique died and you were there to see it? - I swear. - I swear. Did the king, in his last words, say or write the name of someone as the rightful heir to rule these kingdoms? I swear he did not say or write anything about that. I swear this as well. I do appeal to the right of Princess Isabel to succeed King Enrique to the throne as his legitimate sister and as universal heiress by the Treaty of Guisando. And as Her Highness is here, she should be proclaimed here according to these kingdoms' laws. Does anyone oppose this? So be it. Long live the queen! Long live! Long live the queen! Long live! - Is everything settled? - It is, Your Majesty. Walk by my side. You deserve it. Finally, you will have the throne. And you will get your revenge. What are you thinking about? A child with whom I used to play chess. Ar?valo, some years before Isabel. Isabel. Your turn. There's something I don't understand about this game. What is it? Being a queen is important, right? It is. Then why can she only move one space at a time? Even bishops and towers can move more freely. Good question. Mom. Hello, darling. Don Gonzalo, is my daughter a good chess player? She learns quickly, Your Highness. Let us pray she'll learn Latin quickly too. It's time to pray. - How was she last night? - Fine. But you can never know. She's so happy and suddenly-- Then suddenly she calls Don ?lvaro. Yes. It's as though she can see him. As though she can talk to him. People are talking about it. May I ask you a question? Why does she remember Don ?lvaro and not her husband? In all these years, I've never heard her mention King Juan. May he rest in peace. It is a long story. Why are you sewing? Because there's no money to pay for seamstresses. King Enrique won't answer my letters. I just sent a message to Archbishop Carrillo to see if he can get something, given his influence. Isabel and Alfonso are his brothers. He must have better things to do. Segovia Are you sure? Will this device work? You will have a son, you'll see, Your Majesty. I've prayed for that to happen. It's a shame that science needs prayers. Do not lose heart, Your Majesty. Your problem is the coitus, only that. If it was different, this cannula wouldn't have your seed. Now we just have to simulate the-- Stop talking and do what you have to do! Yes, Your Majesty. Calm down, Juana. It seems you allot more time for combat than for prayers. And you more time for intrigues than for swords. I know you only need to use words to manipulate things to your will. Not anymore. Everything's getting worse at the palace. Enrique only has eyes and ears for that upstart of Beltr?n. And an heir hasn't been born yet. That worries me the most, Pacheco. If he can't do it with the second wife either he won't be able to say that he's the victim of a curse again. Even the people joke about that. They say it is a hundred times easier to swindle a Jew than for the king to have a son. And if he doesn't have one, we know who will inherit the throne. The prince Don Alfonso. Of course. It could never be his sister Isabel. A woman ruler of Castile? I pray that God never lets that happen. Women are not made to reign over kingdoms... but to get married and procreate. When Isabel grows up, she will marry a foreign king or prince as is the custom. Don Alfonso will be the heir. Hunting in Madrid? Can't you stay with me during these hard times? No, of course. You'd rather go to your reserve with your animals. Calm down, please. The doctor said you had to rest. I do nothing but rest, Enrique! Please. I don't want to be alone. And you won't be. You have your ladies. And if you need anything, Juana, anything... call Don Beltr?n, who, as Mayor of the Palace, will get it. There are matters with which only a husband can help. Don't follow me. I want to be alone! Enjoy your animals, they seem to please you more than I do! I'm so sorry, Your Majesty. You do not deserve those words. She's not wrong. Do you know why I like animals more than people? They are loyal when accompanying you and courteous when fighting. They never betray you or demand anything of you. Go on! Come in. Good night, Your Majesty. You are here alone. Very perceptive, Beltr?n. You called me. How can I help you? Your Majesty, please. The king ordered me to call you if I needed anything. Will you reject me? I will never do anything the king doesn't order. Good night, Your Majesty. What beautiful flowers. Their scent... Say no more. Beatriz, why would you pull them out? For you, Your Majesty. Don't call me that. I'm not the queen anymore. For me, you will always be. And for the people of Ar?valo, too. I should have never been a queen. Understood? Never! What's wrong? Don ?lvaro, please. You have to forgive me. Don ?lvaro. - My lady, are you okay? - My lady! I only hunted one. Stop complaining. You're better at Latin. At court, Latin is more useful than hunting rabbits. I'd love to know the court. Is it true they listen to music all the time there? And that plays are performed, and poets read their work? It's true. Your brother is like your father in that respect. Maybe he'll invite us someday. In time, Isabel. Look. Wait here. What could have happened? I don't know. We have to go back to the palace. What happened? Nothing, but when we get there, stay in your bedchambers. You did what you had to do. We were so scared. She talked to Don ?lvaro as though he were there in front of her. We couldn't see anyone, and then she suddenly fainted. Calm down, Beatriz. Isabel, what are you doing here? She is my mother. My lady, now she is resting-- I want to be with her! Do as I say. - But-- - Immediately! Orders are to be obeyed. Come in. Come in. Please, Don Juan. Eat with us. Thank you, sir. You know that I don't follow Moorish customs. - What do you want? - To talk to you. Alone. Don't move. Pacheco, if you have anything to say, do it in front of Don Beltr?n de la Cueva. I will not talk in front of this upstart. Are you daring to insult me? You are an upstart, are you not? You occupy a position that others, by right of their lineage, deserve more than you. Leave. Leave. Undress your torso. - Your Majesty. - Obey your king. See it? This scar? I do. But you didn't see the sword thrust that caused it. You were not there. I was. On the brink of death at the Moorish border. None of the nobles did anything to save me from death. Only Beltr?n. And he was about to lose his own life. Look at it closely, Pacheco. Look. Look at it closely. Every time you don't understand why I want Beltr?n by my side... remember it. I will. But you, you must remember many other things. - May I leave, Your Majesty? - Of course. Now you can get dressed. Excuse me, Your Majesty. You know I don't like Pacheco, and he likes me even less. But everyone in Castile knows he's always been loyal to you. But I'm not sure if he's done it to stay near the throne. This is a new era, Beltr?n. Castile needs new and loyal men. It needs them as much as I need a son to end all the jokes and rumors. How dare he treat me like that? And in front of that sissy. He must prefer him to his wife, that's why she won't get pregnant. Don't believe the rumors you spread. Remember your enemies used to say the same of you and the king. Don't change the subject! I educated him, got rid of anyone who stood in his way to the throne. And he repays me like this! - Calm down. - Why would I? Damn our need for kings if they're going to be like him. He doesn't like his position. I have to do everything. He'd rather play the lute, talk to poets, and buy exotic animals! Do you know what he gave the ambassador of India? Gold? Spices? No! What for? A leopard. - A what? - A leopard! A kind of lynx, but with fewer whiskers. Everything is collapsing yet you're able to laugh? Relax. We still have more cards to play. Remember when we talked about the heir presumptive, Prince Alfonso? Perfectly. I received a letter from his tutor, Don Gonzalo Chac?n. You know him well. One can deduce that King Enrique has not paid the amount agreed upon when his father Juan II died, leaving his stepmother and his siblings Isabel and Alfonso penniless. In case something happens to the king... we should probably start thinking about the next one. What are you planning? I was thinking that if you donated some money, along with some of mine... Prince Alfonso and his tutor might thank us in the future. That's a good idea. I'll take it to them. I'd rather do it myself. Your relationship with Chac?n is not good. He can't have forgotten what you did to his friend, Don ?lvaro de Luna. Time heals almost everything. Money heals the rest. Yes, but-- You're an expert in prayers and swords. Let me do the talking. Thank you for your courtesy. You make our trip twice as pleasant. First, because it is good to see such beloved people. You have nothing to be grateful for, Your Excellency. In this house, we even treat beggars kindly. Even more so when you come from the court. Thank you, Your Highness. I see your daughter is a deserving heiress of her mother's beauty. And your son fulfills the requirements for a Master of the Order of Santiago. That's what his father, the king, wanted on his deathbed. Alfonso will honor that charge. A charge of incomparable riches. It's a shame that all those riches go through the court first. Because we don't receive any. I've been informed of this by the Archbishop Carrillo. I came to solve that problem. Well... now that we know the good news, it'd be better to let the men negotiate. Children, time to sleep. Don Gonzalo, you know I trust you entirely. I think I'm going to leave too. I'm a man of action, and words confuse me more than wine. Life has many ups and downs. Here we are, face-to-face again. Yes. I hope to make better memories than the last time we saw each other. I will be honest with you. I know there are things for which you will never forgive me. It's hard to forgive someone who instigated the death of my friend and master, Don ?lvaro de Luna. Have you been enjoying the power you received from that? The past is like spilled milk. It cannot be recovered. We have to think in the present. For the benefit of Castile. For me, the children come first. And I will fight for them... without suffering the past. I'm glad to hear that. Our interests could soon be the same. Excuse me for troubling you, my lady. What are you doing here? I just wanted to talk to you. I know about your financial problems. And I know that I have no royal blood like you-- I beg you, let me enter my bedroom. Listen. I could offer you security. You would lack nothing. Neither you nor your children. You're so beautiful. I order you to move away! Why are you whining? I will not hurt you. Leave us. My uncle, the Archbishop of Toledo, and I will give you what the king owes you. I hope this is enough. It's more than enough. You mean to say this money doesn't come from King Enrique? No. The king has other tribulations that I pray won't harm the kingdom. I guess you want something in exchange. That you keep taking care of the children. And that you let them know who's protecting them inside the court. Help! Please, help. You're not queen anymore. And if you ever were, it was because you were forced to sleep with the king. Like a prostitute. Leave her alone! Well, the princess is bossy. Daughter, go back to your bedchamber, please. Not until he leaves. - Will you make me? - No, but I will. What are you doing, you bastard? No one has ever called me that and lived. Stop! Sheath that sword, brother. Now. My lady, I'm sorry for this affront. You had better go rest, my lady. Please retire to your chambers as well. If you want to work together... keep your mastiff away. What were you trying to do? Nothing, I swear. I was just being kind. But she scorned me. She looked at me with repugnance. Who do they think they are? They're no better than you and me. Just do what I say. You understand, brother? Just do what I say. Three have failed. But it has worked. - My device has worked. - Is this true? May I die right now if it is not, Your Majesty. The queen is pregnant. This opens a new path for medicine. And no one can say a Jewish doctor did it. Could you please leave? Could you? I assure you, I will pay you with interest. Thank you, Your Majesty. We are going to have a baby. - Aren't you glad? - Of course. As much as you are. This is the reason you brought me to Castile. I never would have been happy if it hadn't happened. Thank you, Juana. This is why I dare now to ask you something. What is it? The future of Castile is in my belly. And nothing will come between our son and the throne. I called you urgently, as my most important men... because I wanted you to be the first to hear the news. The queen is pregnant. That is wonderful news, Your Majesty. Your happiness is ours, sir. We should celebrate it with the people. No, there will be time after he's born. But take care of spreading the news. I'm tired of rumors and intrigues. - It will be done. - I have another order. I want Isabel and Alfonso to be brought to the court immediately. My wife desires it. And I do as well. Your Majesty, their mother is in poor health. Taking them away from her could lead to terrible consequences. There would be worse consequences for them and for my son if someone wanted to use them against me. And my kingdom. I think that's a wise decision, Your Majesty. Do you think the same, Beltr?n? I have no thoughts about what my king says. I simply obey. Curious way of hiding your lack of thought. I beg the Marquis of Villena not to vilify anyone for their loyalty to the king in front of a Mendoza. I'm sure he didn't mean that. Right, Pacheco? Of course not, Your Majesty. Great, great. For a minute I thought that even these happy days wouldn't free me from your arguing. - May I have a word, Your Majesty? - Speak. I would like to be in charge of escorting Do?a Isabel and Don Alfonso. Granted. My lady. Don't take my children away, Your Eminence. The king will have the son he wanted. Why is he taking mine away? I beg you to stand up, my lady. Stand up. Everything is ready. Don't be sad, Mother. It's just a trip. We'll finally become acquainted with the court. What if we don't want to go? If the king orders it, we have to go. Orders are to be obeyed, Alfonso. Don't worry, Mother. I don't know what I will do without you. We will come to visit you. You must be happy. They finally remembered us. If they didn't care, would they call us? That's what worries me. That they could care too much. Don't worry. We will be careful and well-mannered. And never let anyone insult our dignity and pride. Because we are the offspring of kings. And because you educated us to behave so. Stop crying, please. I don't want to remember my mother crying for her children. Swear you will protect them. With my life, if needed. Believe me. Ar?valo was so small. Here they are. Isabel, Alfonso, welcome to the court. Thank you, Your Majesty. Thank you, Your Majesty. This is Don Beltr?n de la Cueva, Mayor of the Palace. You can ask him for anything. It will be a pleasure to serve you, Highnesses. Where is my brother, the king? He didn't come to receive us? He must be taking care of government affairs that couldn't wait. That must be it. I've been told you're very pious. I made them place a small altar and a prayer desk in your bedchamber. Thank you very much. I will be able to pray for my mother and feel less lonely. Don't worry, your bedchamber is near mine in case you ever need anything. Well, there's nothing left to say. Beltr?n, let's show them to their bedchambers. Of course, Your Majesty. We'll go to the kitchen first. I'm sure you must be hungry after the trip. This way. Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our trespasses... Your Eminence. Your Eminence, please, open up. Your Eminence. What is it, Your Highness? Isabel, wait. Isabel, darling, you don't look well. Did you sleep poorly last night? It was hard in the beginning. But then I was able to sleep without any issues. Good morning, Your Majesty. May I come in? Don't you have a mass to give, Your Eminence? I came precisely to invite Alfonso and Isabel to the mass. My lady. - Apologies. - No. He will clean it up. Don't do it, Alfonso. Remember what we've been taught. Clean up what you've spilled! We are the offspring of kings. My brother will not clean anything. Thank you, but that is not the duty of an archbishop. I ask permission to leave the room. Do as you wish. That way I won't have to tolerate you, insolent child. Let's go, Alfonso. Do you know where the king is? Take me to him, I beg you. Wait for me outside. I understand your hurry to have a child, Your Majesty. But all this is unnecessary. Who are you to tell me what is and what is not necessary, Your Eminence? History has its ups and downs, Your Majesty. It is not advisable to sow the wind, lest you reap the storm. Wine. Look, the king is practicing archery. Yes. That must be the government affairs that prevented him from receiving us. I beg your pardon for interrupting, Your Majesty. Brother, sister, I'm so glad to see you. No, no, I beg your pardon for not receiving you personally. Yesterday, I had a busy day and today... today, I was going to say hello after practicing archery. How have you been feeling here? That's what I wanted to talk to you about. Speak in all confidence, Isabel. I beg you to let us go back to Ar?valo to our mother. No. It's not that easy, sister. Then let her come to the court. She already reigned, she no longer belongs at the court. Why did you make us come? Isabel, a king doesn't have to explain any of his orders. Relax, it is my sister who asks. You are here for your own safety. These are tumultuous times, and any deceitful noble could use you for mean-spirited purposes against the throne. But we will always be loyal to you. You're too young for me to explain everything in detail. You will understand in time. When my son is born, you can go back to Ar?valo. - Really? - Of course. Exercising power is complicated. It has certain responsibilities. And you, as part of the royal family, have to learn yours. For example, Isabel, soon you will have to marry whomever you're told. Pardon me, but I will marry whomever I wish. When that day comes, Isabel, you will have to put Castile's good before yours. Stop, let her. Let her dream while she can. Let me propose something that I think you'll like. Would you like to be godmother of my son? Me? His godmother? It would be an honor, Enrique. From the way you look at those targets, I'm sure you'd love to practice. - Can I? - He finally spoke! I was afraid you were mute. Of course you can. Bring the bow! Enrique will never stop surprising me. He's like two different people in one. Doesn't receive his siblings, lets the queen humiliate them... then treats them with effusive love. He's capable of not greeting you on Monday and then remembering your children's birthdays the following Wednesday. That's dangerous. Sometimes I think there's something wrong with him. He's the king. Let us hope things change after his son is born. By the way, since you have a special relationship with God... ask him if the Holy Spirit made him get hard. Who's going to believe that an old beggar man did it with science? I'd rather believe in miracles than in rumors. I suppose you know about them. What, that Beltr?n is the father? I know them well. I spread them. Who else could it be? He travels with the queen, he visits her in her room. It's his duty. He's the Mayor of the Palace. Looks like he's also the stud. And well paid too. The king doubled his goods since the queen got pregnant. Follow Alfonso more closely. Protect him. Him and his sister. Let them know we are with them. Are you still considering Alfonso as a possible heir? You never know. If the king doesn't change, we'll have to do something. Poor things. They only think of going back to Ar?valo to their mother. The king promised them to let them go after his son is born. That's right. His son. If it's a girl, only a miracle will let Alfonso and Isabel leave the court. Is it a boy or a girl? A girl, Your Majesty. Let me see her. Hello, my love. Won't you come closer? Will you love her less because she's a girl? You have what you so dearly wanted. Can we return to our mother now? This is not the moment. - Come in. - Sister! We have to talk to Enrique. We have to remind him of his promise that after he became a father... What's wrong? We won't go back home, Alfonso. But... why? Because she's a girl, Don Gonzalo, that's why my kids won't come back. And you know as well as I do that a son would have assured the succession. A daughter who marries a foreign king would put Castile in the hands of strangers. The life of my children won't be the same after the birth of that girl. Don't worry, I will do everything to protect them. I know you will. And that you will fight. Even if you know the battle's already lost. I have so much to thank you for, Don Gonzalo. - Please, my lady. - Let me speak. In case I can't tomorrow. You... instead of hating me for causing the death of your teacher Don ?lvaro... educated my kids as if they were yours. You didn't sign his sentence. But I... made the king sign it. I'm so sorry. That's why... God is punishing me, Don Gonzalo. I know it. That's why the spirit of Don ?lvaro comes to visit me. To remind me of my sin. May I ask you for a favor? Visit my children. Let them know their mother loves them. That she will always love them. And come back with news about them. I swear I will. But first I will try to have them visit you. - How are you going to do that? - I will talk to the Mendozas. Only they can convince the king to let them come back. Do you like it? I'm afraid of talking about art with Your Excellency. You know much more than I do. You're always prudent, Chac?n. Well done. This painting is worse than crap on a salad. Do you know who painted it? - No, Your Excellency. - I did. Dear Lord, I'm such a disastrous painter. Maybe that's why I pay good painters to work freely. It's a way to balance the scale, I suppose. You know we Mendozas always look for balance and justice. No one in the kingdom doubts our family's honor. That's why I came. Thank you for your words. But your efforts are in vain. Aren't you going to do anything for the children? I shouldn't. You are a good Christian. You must know that their mother is very sick. Do not insist. The king made a decision, and our duty is to obey. I'm not a schemer like Pacheco, who moves like a weather vane. And we don't want to be more king-like than the king himself as your friend Don ?lvaro de Luna tried. We Mendozas must be stable. And we don't have any other influence but that of the king. More so now that he has married Don Beltr?n de la Cueva to my daughter Menc?a. I'm sorry, Don Gonzalo. Fine. Then thank you for your time. It's nothing. It's always a pleasure to talk to someone as cultured as you. By the way, I'm going to the court in a few hours to pledge allegiance to Princess Juana, if you want to come with me. I would, just to see Isabel and Alfonso, but I know that's not possible. I've written to the king many times without receiving an answer. That's something bad about our dear king. His lack of elegance, of attention to details. Don't worry, come with me. I will make sure you can see them. I give you my word. That's more than enough. Nothing is worth more than the word of a Mendoza. A meeting of the nobles with the king. The play begins. Stop joking. Don't you see that this is all a farce? Look at Beltr?n. What is he doing with the Mendozas? Haven't you heard the latest news? The daughter of Don Diego Hurtado de Mendoza will marry our dear friend Beltr?n. Beltr?n will become a Mendoza? And he will become earl of Ledesma. A man whore has never been so well paid. Do you need any more proof? Their Majesties, the king and queen! Look at them, following behind like lapdogs. You finally understand the situation. The king will speak. Welcome, ladies and gentlemen. We gather here today for a single reason. To pledge allegiance to my daughter, Juana, as heiress to the throne. You may begin. As I call your name, you will pledge allegiance to the princess Do?a Juana by kneeling in front of her. Do?a Isabel of Castile, princess of the kingdom. Don Alfonso of Castile, prince of the kingdom and His Excellency Master of the Order of Santiago. - Don Alonso Enr?quez-- - What are you going to do? Pledge, I don't have a martyr's spirit. But if what you say is true, we have to do something. And we will. Come see me this afternoon, and you'll find out. His Excellency Don Alfonso Carrillo de Acu?a. - The Archbishop of Toledo. - Your turn. Look at her face, she looks just like her father. We can call her 'Beltroneja.' Maybe we'll be lucky and they'll let us go back now. Don't delude yourself, Alfonso. Come in. - Don Gonzalo! - Alfonso. Isabel. Thank you very much, Your Excellency. It's nothing. I do what I promise. Tell us, how is our mother? She wants to see you. That's why she sent me, to bring her news about you. But how is she? Very good. She enjoys walking through the fields again and the only thing she lacks is you. That's her only sorrow. How is your life at court? - Awful. - Don't exaggerate, Alfonso. Not that bad. They take care of us. We miss your classes and our mother's, but we can't complain. - But we just talked-- - Nonsense. Everyone has bad days, Alfonso. Tell our mother we are fine. That we can't complain. Sometimes I don't understand you. Why don't we go walk in the garden? It's a nice day. I would love to. Alfonso, could you leave me alone with Don Gonzalo? I have a message for Beatriz. I'll wait outside. Tell me. Give me a minute to write her a letter. I won't delay, and you can take it to Ar?valo. Of course, I'll wait outside. Ignore my brother's complaints. Thank you for the advice. Isabel, were you being sincere? Is it true that you are doing all right here? Is it true that my mother is doing well? Of course, why would I lie? And why would I? I am the daughter of kings. I never lie. I see you act as responsible as a queen. If God wants me to be a queen, do not doubt that I will be ready. And all thanks to you. I hereby want to declare that I was forced against my will to pledge allegiance to Princess Juana. The daughter of the queen... but not of the king. Are you sure of what you say? Are you sure you want to continue working as a public notary? - Yes, Your Excellency. - Then keep writing, fool. Do you want to declare this as well? No, your oath is enough. I write this letter to you, Beatriz. But I want you to read it out loud in front of Don Gonzalo and Do?a Clara. But not my mother. I don't want her to suffer. I'm sorry, Don Gonzalo... for not being clear with you in front of Alfonso. He still doesn't understand that there are some responsibilities we must assume as a royal family. Sometimes with sorrow. Tell my mother her children love her more every day. And we always have in mind the day of our farewell. To you, Don Gonzalo... thank you for your care and attention which seem more like those of a father than of a tutor. I can call you a father... because I nursed at the breasts of your wife, my dear Clara. To you, Beatriz... My best friend. My sister. I want to tell you I miss you. I can't talk to anyone here or have fun the way I did with you. I swear that if one day God lets me... I will make those putting me through this hell pay. Because I'm not going to turn the other cheek but will take an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. Because I don't understand being locked away here... far away from my family, because that's what you are to me. I love you. Isabel. Isabel. Isabel. Sorry, Alfonso, I must have been daydreaming. It's getting cold. We should go back to the palace. What for? I don't want to see anyone there. Do you know why I come here? I see the sky and imagine I'm in Ar?valo. And I remember the people I love that they don't let me see. It's been four long years. Don't go to pieces, sister. Enrique ordered a party to celebrate your eighteenth birthday. Yes, but our mother won't be there. I miss her too. A lot. But there are things I prefer not to think about. You are wrong. We have to do it. I don't forget, and I won't. Let's go to the palace. If you don't mind, I'd rather stay here a little longer. I'm surprised you trust me this much. I know that only you can intercede for us before the king, Your Majesty. I'll think about it. I beg you. It's just a visit to our mother. We've been here for years since we first came from Ar?valo. We don't know anything about her. And she was already sick when we left. Think of her, as a fellow mother. How would you feel if someone took your child away? I beg you. For my sister and me. Leave us alone. Stand up. You are the Master of the Order of Santiago. I will talk to my husband, the king. Thank you, Your Majesty. But I will ask you for a favor first. During your sister's celebration, you will find out what it is. And if you want to see your mother again, you will accept it without complaint. Is that clear? Yes, Your Majesty. Excuse me, I have important things to do. Our brother's objectives are very clear. Sometimes I think God wanted him to have his brain between his legs. Look at Alfonso. Doesn't he seem very sad? Very sad and very alone, yes. It looks like he's at a funeral instead of at his sister's celebration. Attention! Your Majesty the Queen and the princess Do?a Isabel of Castile. Brother, stick with the other woman. We had problems with the mother. Let's not have them with the daughter. You look beautiful, Isabel. Isn't that true, Alfonso? Your dress is beautiful, sister. A little bit low for me, but when the queen wants something... Everyone knows... I don't like parties, and that more than two is a crowd for me. But today is a great day. My daughter, the princess Juana, is growing healthy and happy. And my dear sister is celebrating her eighteenth birthday. Congratulations, Isabel. As a birthday gift, I will let you do something you've been waiting to do for a long time, which you've earned with your perseverance. You can visit your mother in Ar?valo. Thank you, Your Majesty. Did you hear that? But I have another reason to be happy. I announce the latest appointment of my always loyal Beltr?n de la Cueva as Master of the Order of Santiago. That's the title Father left you in his will. What did you do, Alfonso? - Did you hear that? - We aren't deaf. I can't stand it anymore. It's time to exercise my oath. - Are you coming? - Of course. I'm so happy to see you again! You've become a woman! Yes, but remember I'm still your older sister. - Beatriz! - Alfonso! - I'm so glad to see you. - And my mother? Where is our mother? I will go with you to see her. Admiral Don Fadrique, Count of Benavente, Count of Alba, Rodrigo Manrique... Count of Paredes, Diego Est??iga, Count of Miranda, Bishop Carrillo. - Are you sure, Don Diego? - I am, sir. All of them are planning something against you under Pacheco's orders. And there's more. Save me the reading, please. It's an affidavit. It's dated the same day we pledged allegiance to your daughter. Pacheco swears that he pledged against his will and... The ignominy is enormous. I can't even say it. What did the traitor say? That your daughter is the child of the queen and Beltr?n de la Cueva, not you. Damn bastard! He's been preparing for this the whole time. Alfonso and Isabel will be his next pawns if we don't stop him. Beltr?n. Beltr?n! We must bring them back to the court immediately. Mother. It's us. You. Yes. Isabel and Alfonso. You aren't my son. Where are my children? Where are my children? This is why I gave away the Order of Santiago? To see a mother who won't recognize me? - Where are my children? - Mother. Mother, calm down. Calm down. Calm down. Come on, please eat something. You won't get anywhere if you don't eat. Thank you, Clara, but we are not hungry. I'm going to get some fresh air. I beg you stay, Alfonso. Why, Chac?n? Will you tell me the truth? Will you tell me that my mother was sick the last time you visited us? What would be different if you had known the truth? Did you know? I knew it the moment I saw Don Gonzalo's face. Do you take me for a fool? Why didn't you tell me? Because sometimes responsibility is more important than truth. You always have something to say. But sometimes words aren't enough. What's going on, Don Gonzalo? Is my mother still calling out to Don ?lvaro de Luna in her dreams? Yes. It's time for you to explain everything I need to know. He was my teacher and my best friend. No one ever defended your father the way he did. He fought against the nobles who made a mess of Castile. And that was his downfall. Pacheco got the king to sign his death sentence. I don't understand. If they were such good friends... Sometimes kings are weak and accept horrible things to keep their power. But King Juan couldn't stand the pain of what he did and died a year later. You were only three years old. And my mother began having hallucinations. Why did my father want you to be my tutor? Don ?lvaro's best friend. Because he felt guilty. And because he knew I would always be loyal. Maybe because I'm not as ambitious as Don ?lvaro. I don't know. I'm restricting myself to fulfilling the honor he gave me. If you aren't ambitious, what makes you keep fighting? I want Castile to get rid of the nobles who suck its blood. And who kill whenever they want. I want a king of Castile who commands and doesn't let others command him. I dream of it every night. May I share that dream with you? Nothing would make me happier. Sir. I'm sorry, I have orders from the king to take the children back to the court. Alfonso is outside with my men. What's going on? This is not the time for explanations. Your Highness, we have to leave immediately. Not without saying goodbye to our mother. One day I will make Enrique pay for this. Calm down, Alfonso. We have to stay calm. We can't show pain or suffering because that will make us weak. The day will come when those who kept us apart from our mother will regret it. What if that day never comes? I swear to God it will. I won't do anything else in life except fight for that. Subtitles by DramaFever They're denying our daughter's right to the throne. What else is there to think about? These are our requirements. They must be accepted! A Mendoza never betrays his king. Even when he is wrong. The king will negotiate. He's summoned us to the court. It's not worth being a king's son if I have to live like this. It would have been better if we had been born peasants. Castile is divided in two. And Alfonso and Isabel are in the middle. We don't want anybody with us. He will be your brother's page. Page? You mean spy. I will accept all of your conditions. All of them, except one. I will not disinherit my daughter. Don't even think about it! I don't want to see you anywhere near my daughter or I will forbid you from walking freely through the palace ever again. We have to convince the nobles who remain undecided. Offer them posts in the future. Bribe them, if necessary. If you're going to follow us, always stay 20 steps behind us. They have to think we are negotiating in good faith. You have to give them something important. - What? - Beltr?n de la Cueva. How is it possible that you don't see this? Kill me. And the war you want to avoid will start tomorrow. Why do this to us? Don't you know what they expect from a woman of the royal family? To have more dignity than you. Everything is ready. Bishop Carrillo is waiting for you in the stables. Stop! They want the king to sign, no? If not, they will kill us. I am simply fulfilling my duty. You have a great future ahead of you, Gonzalo. You are the king, no? You were born to give orders. One day I will tell the queen how much I hate her. - To Castile. - To Castile. I have to avoid war. Are you aware of the consequences of that decision? - Long live King Alfonso! - Long live! What are we going to give him in exchange? Isabel. We have to stop that wedding. If the king of Portugal puts his troops at Enrique's service all we have done so far will be worthless. The nobles are becoming divided. They are nothing without Pacheco. I won't negotiate with the king. I'll take him out of the palace and bring him here. Are you planning to kidnap him? If something really is happening, the less noise we make, the better. What's going on here? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 