Isabel: Season 3, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Isabel 
 s3e6 - Episode #3.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Isabel (2011–2014): Season 3, Episode 6 - Episode #3.6 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I am Margaret of Habsburg, and before your court, I say jubilantly I'll be your wife. -Father! The lookouts report that several ships have docked without flag. 'What do I owe the honor? -Roma the advertisement, captain. 'It's not wise to leave the army without his men indefinitely. No, only for ten days. I've come to beg that otorguéis a prisoner royal grace. My brother. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 'Your kindness is infinite. -¡Habéis pressed the judge to declare him innocent! Maybe that will desatendiera in the past, but that guilt is already expiated. - (weeps) -The yours, not yet. -Since that Rome seems I'm his only hope, I beg your blessing. (Shouting) How to bring the word of God who only speak that savage tongue? Maybe we should teach the Castilian. 'Are you interested in finding Indians? -The same. Do you know the whereabouts of any? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 'In good time I spent my ducats in those wild. -Denunciadme, if that eases your conscience, but you will live with the burden of having scuppered the salvation of thousands of souls. (SILBA) -Os give the Golden Rose, with which Rome once a year recognizes to the best of their servers. Personaos in Flanders with a money and Make him see that not again be suspicious. I know of uses in Castile, but here the husband manages the family fortune. -Men's entourage did not die by a pest, as containing, but neglect the husband of Juana. 'Have a good trip, sister, and that you may be happily married. 'I settle for half that yours. -Margarita is pregnant. (RIE) This present only express my happiness marry you, Isabel. Help! Help! His last thought was for you. My angel, my angel ... ... Sir, God of heaven, we pray for John, who he was beloved son, pride and joy of their parents, nice, pious and clean heart. And protect your child, my grandson, to be hope of Castile, as was his father. That when the day comes, bring your kingdoms peace and prosperity we want us to them. So be it. My beloved Juana, It has long since you left Castilla and no word has come to your mother of your handwriting. Even after the death of your brother. I know the love that united them. Although maybe that prevents you send news. You know through third parties and not enough for me. I hope that in the distant court of Flanders you have found happiness, because they are fulfilling the duty I am so convinced You partierais as before. God protect you and keep you. Your mother, Isabel. What have you, my lady? I wish to see you. It makes barely half a day we parted. Too long for your captive, which estimates your life more than his same. This child will be bigger than his father and grandfather. How will you know that man? It can not be otherwise. -Come. -Your pregnancy is the only thing you must think right now. 'I perfectly fine. But nothing can put you at risk. Sadly enough the disease has been deprived the Spains of his heir, your brother John. I thought it advisable not to share bed with you until it is born. But I am perfec ... -¿Pensáis you that it is not a sacrifice for me? As well as for you. But I swear I will repay. I just want to seek the welfare of our son. It will be as you wish. God has taken away my only son. Why, Fray Hernando? Why? My lady, I understand your pain, but you can not blame the Almighty to do his will. I have always subjected to ordeals, well you know. And I accepted. But I wonder what sin I committed to deserve this punishment. You have four daughters and a kingdom to rule. It is necessary that the sobrepongáis. Abandon care, my kingdom will never be adrift. Tell me, what news do you bring in Granada? Some chosen priests have learned Arabic to bring the word of God to all Muslims. Conversions are numerous. And the Elches, Eminence? Christians who embraced the faith of Muhammad They are more difficult to convert, my lady. Are the first we should have recovered for faith. Over time, get convert all Grenadians. Be patient. We do not have that time. six years ago we reconquer the city. Lady, I live delivered to this mission. You can not change things in one day. Therefore, you are going to get help. Archbishop of Toledo, Francisco de Cisneros, visit the ready. If you think necessary ... It is. God expects us to offer a Christian Granada. And capitulations, my lady? Are you going to respect? Do not be great haste, Cisneros will do right. Perhaps so, the Almighty forgive my sins. Four sons and four I buried. How many times beget more a fruit that spoils before maturity? Agotéis ye-not with such thoughts, Your Majesty. I you have not yet recovered. -How to do it? Dolphin death has plunged me into despair. What if my cause France has no heir waiting for? Maybe you do not be the cause, my lady. Whether or not-what, I'll always be the culprit. (Steps are heard) -Which has been? My lord, are you okay? -Yes Yes. Outside! Get away! I WILL you take away the air! -Explicadnos, by God. -A blow, just one stroke; I found my head on the doorpost. -¡Avisad the surgeon! -No, it is not necessary. But majesty ... 'I have warred in many battles to be won by a door. (DEROGATORY) Let me. My opponents are waiting to be defeated. I prefer isn't that lead to your quarters? Maybe you please get some rest. -Os I repeat that I am well. (WHINING) A door ... defeated by a door. Are ye sure, my lord? Kings Isabel and Fernando will not see with good eyes that you are demanding the title of Prince of Asturias. -Vos aconsejasteis you marry me Juana the opportunity afforded me. It is providing higher the death of Prince Juan. But her sister Isabel lives. And you must not forget her husband, King Manuel, atropelléis not accept that the rights of his wife. 'But do you have today? You look like one of those Spaniards laden omens and suspicion. 'What your father opine? -Not agree, as so often. 'And your wife? My wife thinks what I want to think. Is the time to take advantage of my marriage, and your objection must not stop. Pass. 'I have sent for you, your highness. -Preparaos to leave. This letter has to reach Castilla as soon as possible. May I know what it is? As you see, it is a sealed envelope. What their Majesties I expose It corresponds only to them. 'I would leave alone the Archduchess Juana right now, given their status. Sir, fear not, the Archduchess is not alone. Those who surround seek their welfare. Allow me, at least, to dismiss me from it. My wife did not want to be disturbed. Given their maternal history, is concerned that her pregnancy to a successful conclusion. Be concerned for your trip. Your husband seems to enjoy the game. -Both you on the battlefield. Or with my reading. Do you think that my master could disown If you do not give him an heir? My Sir! Charles! Charles! So King Charles is dead. Before the Most High will be held accountable for all its excesses. All the time we arrive. What is known about the succession? No heirs. Everything points to his cousin, Luis de Orleans, will occupy the throne. At least, he is a man with greater understanding. That does not make the least formidable enemy. And Queen Anne? What will happen to her now? It is difficult to speculate. Ana is forced to marry the new king, but Luis is already married to his cousin Juana. Pope will not consent to the marriage is broken. Pope knows more about trading than religion, ma'am. And Luis will not want to miss the domains of Britain. Nor do we know what will be the counselor Carlos. He and Luis de Orleans were enemies on the battlefield. Bad counselor may be for the king who wanted to put his head on a pike. Predict what the future will bring France It is not an easy task. There are many issues to address for the new king. Hopefully not left him time to conspire against us. So God forbid. But do not leave everything in their hands. Chacon, armies at the border are alert. And be aware of any news from France. It will communicate immediately. Eminence, excuse me which has not come to receive you. Arrive a day earlier than anunciasteis me. -The live up to step helps withstand the rigors of time. -And you have your prepared chambers. If you want to rest ... No, it is not necessary. We have business to discuss. Like I said the queen, willingly, I will help in any way I can. Is it true that you have translated a catechism the language of the infidel? -So is, and many in Granada have embraced the true faith after having it in his hands. The word of God is powerful. With faith and patience we get to see a Christian Granada. And I am sure that your presence here It will be beneficial for that mission. 'Do you know the wise men of the community? Are those callers alfaquíes? -Yes, on more than one occasion I have met with them. -Preparad another meeting as soon as possible. 'Is the conversion of Elches what brought you here? -Congraciarnos with the best heads among Muslims always it will help us in our goals. When did you come to Castile, Captain Ojeda? A week ago we arrive at the port of Cadiz. The journey was longer than estimated. -Contad, what news do you bring from the Indies? As already discussed, Admiral has found mainland. Vos's you saw with your own eyes? several days of sailing, we reached -after a large bay. And in it, roaring extensive freshwater stream. -The mouth of a great river, then. Yes, and larger than the Ebro and Guadalquivir, or any of the ones in Castile. And land greener and richer than those of Valencia. 'Are you sure it's continent? I'll bet my life, Mgr. I do not know whose dimensions harbor island like river. And I can swear that we have not touched land of Cathay or Zipango. That's nothing new, my friend. Many people doubt what the admiral insists on affirming. -Mgr, these new lands could bring new wealth. And I wonder: Why he must be the only one who enjoys them? No are the only one that question is asked. But while Columbus was not stripped of his privileges. -¿Tan difficult it is to get it? Patience, Ojeda. Patience. The will exists. I just have to find a way. And why listen to the call of God? Because God is all mercy. We always find their doors open. Is the refuge, the shelter, the forgiveness of all sins. Under his mantle, nothing can fear. most infamous sinner, prostrate before him get forgiveness. By the greatness of Christ. To you, wise and fair, This is the new I bring: As God forgives in heaven, I offer you forgiveness on Earth. The kings of Castile granted clemency anyone who has pending accounts with justice and embrace the true faith. Noble lords, I trust ... so that ye tell your people. And now, permit me to present a toast. I'd like to ask you: What your Lord Jesus Christ does when he disowns him? That leads to destruction of our soul. I understand why, then, you try to convince us to abandon the Prophet Muhammad? Just I am trying to show you the error of your worship. -More your kings promised to respect it. I only show you the door, no one will force you to cross it. 'You have heard beautiful and flattering words, but not for me to sell my faith for a song. I noticed restless, my lady. You're isn't it? The future of both hangs by a thread. If I'm honest I, not regret leaving the intrigues of the court. We share the same desire, excellence. (Baton) -His Majesty, Louis, King of France! 'Soon we will leave doubts, my lady. So Luis de Orleans has finally managed to the crown of France. What do you have of him? Yourselves, who are skilled hunter, will understand me when I say Carlos was a boar, and Luis ... a fox. I must admit that you were right. The letter to be supplied Fuensalida It will not please my in-laws. I'm thought then and think now. I'm afraid you will have to travel. -In the anxious, I will appease the spirits of the Spaniards. I will explain to you, actually ... No, excellence. You will go to France. A fox will understand without difficulty issues that require cunning. Majesty, I hope you find them as well as they allow you the circumstances. -France whole mourns the loss of a king and rejoice for your enthronement. I also have lost my husband. I've found it necessary not to delay this interview. And it was among the three. Ye imagine cabals on your destiny. -Mentiría if I said otherwise. 'Well, I wish you to remain by my side. You will not leave your office. The past has to fold what it is best for France. It should not be an obstacle in my reign. -Os Thank you, Your Majesty. 'As for you, you know the contract. -How no. My husband Charles died before me, without having given a man, I shall marry who inherit the crown. But the fact is that you're already married. 'In times like this, reasons of state are above other reasons. I do not see how could you break what Our Lord has united. No I will, but the vicar of Christ on Earth: Pope Alexander. -The contract also assures I get my rights to the duchy of Brittany. That's right, my lady. So true it is the latter as the former. Then the pope speak first, and later, you and I talk about marriage. My dear friend. mainland. Are new credible? I think so, Your Majesty. What interest now that Vasco de Gama has arrived Lisbon port with a cargo of spices? Portugal has opened the route to the Indies to the east, circumnavigating Africa. So, why go on? Because neither the islands and the continent that their ships have arrived are the Indies. Majesty, we see our business differently. Take a handful of islands is not comparable to conquer the mainland. Who knows what will be in those unknown places? They could be things even imagine possible. Do not you missing right about that. Castilla is a great opportunity. Allow it to insist. It is the company of such dimensions, how profitable it would be for the Crown other boaters to explore the land. You know that there were complaints when he returned the admiral, and Queen assured their privileges. But the royal decree signed three years ago Queen He never overturned. Mgr, by beneficial that could be opening the door to other boaters, that door is closed and securely latched. Majesty, I could ... There are many issues that afflict us, Fonseca. You do not insist with one that has no remedy. I have to see the kings immediately. Has something happened? I bring a message of Archduke Philip. And I fear that results in a bitter dispute. Bellaco ... In bad time we arranged this marriage! How dare you claim the title of Prince of Asturias! Majesty, would not it be prudent to know If the Emperor Maximilian supports the aspirations of his son? You are right. That idea may not have been cooked by one mind. Prepare to leave. Advertiréis Archduke that we will not consent to such an endeavor. Chacon, redactaréis me a letter. Let us ask all these reasons Maximilian! Have you not brought our daughter's letter? No, Your Majesty. Archduchess because of their status, keep rest. God protect her and my grandson. And how are you? Are you happy with Felipe? That's right, my lady. Your letter did not come to court. Then, it is clear that your letters and your daughter They fall into other hands before reaching their recipients. Do not say anything about this to the queen, it is not ready. I do not think, Your Majesty, so I have addressed to you. I fear that Felipe wants to return to Juana against us. And to deny the Principality of her arguments. Come back to Flanders as you have become interviewed with Emperor Maximilian. Be sure that Joan is not alone. Philip and avoid isolated keep. I will, my lord. Welcome thirst eminence. Although I must say we did not expect your visit. My lord, the archduke sends me their best wishes for you and your reign. 'Have you gone through the quagmire that separates us just for this? -In fact, I bring a request that could be of interest. -Escuchémosla first. 'You must know that the archduke wants to assert their titles in Castile. If so, your steps have brought you to the wrong place. Isabel and Fernando are the kings who should hear. No, excellence, I know which door I play. And I know the answer beforehand that awaits me in Castile. then -Buscáis the backing of France the claims of your master. And what would win King Louis, my lord, Besides renewing the feud with Isabel and Fernando? -The oath of Archduke Philip, that would become your vassal, Your Majesty. Are you all right so, my lady? Yes, Catherine. You're very pale. Do not you have sleep tonight? Just hours. If rest is not enough, we must find other remedies. There is no remedy to relieve the weight of my heart. Margarita, you are to me as a daughter and I share your pain. But your son has to be as precious to you, as it is for us. I wish I could set aside the sadness of my heart, my lady. But I can not. Let us pray together, my daughter. Seek solace in God. (SHOUTS) What happen? Ah, ah, ah! Daisy flower! What happen? Run, Warn midwife! Calm calm. By thy great mercy, I beg you not to abandon us. I will not forget my promises nor alter the thing that has gone out of my lips. I beseech you, Blessed Virgin Mary, do not let other misfortune befalls us. Behold in guilt and was born a sinner my mother conceived me. But if I have offended you, pound to mine evil. And your punishment fall on me. Your Majesties, Archduchess ... Vive? Yes, but her pregnancy. Ojeda, knew of your return, but do not expect. -Os bring news of your father, Admiral. What has happened to you? This letter is to leave as soon as possible. The kings of Portugal, my daughter and her husband have to come urgently to Castile. Are you thinking about succession? So is. They are to be appointed heirs of our kingdoms without delay. You seem exhausted, my lady. Apuraos, Chacón. Castile and Aragon have to prove Philip how wrong are their claims. Neglect and will understand. Your Majesties, before retiring, I would like to express to how painful it me your loss. You are always at my side, in happiness and in misfortune. We pray to God for ye shall not accompany more woes and we can forget these bereavements. Apparently, the son of Admiral went in search of a merchant with intent to sell an object of value. But they did not reach any agreement. 'So I told Diego Colón? 'But days later, some masked men entered his home and robbed. And the young Diego Colón believes thieves were sent by the merchant. -So is. 'And what was the stolen object? That I failed to tell me. Why do you think that these facts are of interest? Because I barely got to be sincerase me, as if he kept a big secret. He not even accepted my help to recover the stolen. -I get it. Every secret of the Columbus interests us. Can you find out more about this issue? -Estad insurance, Monsignor. And the result of my inquiries you will be the first to be informed. Two thousand Muslims have told my officers in baptism this morning. You agree with me that many conversions. Nobody will deny it. You know how you call in Granada? -No. -The alfaquí bells. For all the mosques that have become churches. However, this number of baptisms may not represent an even number of conversions. Remember what happened to the Jews: unconverted heart, They persisted in their beliefs and fell into heresy. -That... It will not happen in Granada. I will convince recalcitrant, and you'll see. , By force nothing good conseguiréis. Trust me. I know what has to be done. My Sir, the King of Naples demands the return of the territories we gave our help. Damn Fadrique! Because right now? I fail to understand. Luis will be assured that you will support their demands. Otherwise, Fadrique would not dare. It is not far-fetched assumption. There is something we can do before they speak weapons. King Louis required the annulment of their marriage to preserve Britain. So it has asked the pope. This shows us where his weakness. Write down the Pope expressing how shocked we the annulment of Luis. The letter will be released shortly. As for Naples, SENT message to Fernández de Córdoba, to negotiate with the Neapolitans and not to give one iota. The tables are turned to us. It seems. But it will not succeed without we present battle. Seven years I married her cousin Luis Juana. And now argues that it is deformed to apply for marriage annulment? So what did I know. Apparently, King Louis He has found no stronger argument. But, she said, That has not prevented him from visiting his bed. "Luis has sometimes snooty of waits up to three times in one night. " Apparently, lust was more powerful than apprehension. If there was or not consummated, you must judge you, as the interest. -No es la tal Juana la única que desea preservar este matrimonio. Esta mañana ha llegado carta de los Reyes Católicos. En su opinión, la anulación iría contra las reglas de la Iglesia. -¿Han de daros lecciones de teología, por católicos que sean? -El asunto es que contentar a uno significa contrariar al otro. -¿Qué ofrecen Isabel y Fernando a cambio? ¿Teneros presente en sus oraciones? Yo traigo una propuesta firme del francés. El ducado de Valentinois y la Orden de San Miguel para mí, vuestro hijo. ¿Vais a privarme de tales honores? Os alegrará saber, eminencia, que el rey Luis ve con buenos ojos las aspiraciones del archiduque. -¿Cuenta entonces con el respaldo de Francia? -Así podéis hacérselo saber a su alteza. -La espera ha dado frutos, entonces. ¿Acaso ha inspirado su decisión que los castellanos intenten impedir la anulación de su matrimonio? -No sería discreto que os respondiera a esa cuestión. Sin embargo, sí debo aclararos que es deseo de mi señor reflejar el acuerdo en un tratado. -Entiendo, la negociación será más larga de lo previsto. -Debéis aconsejar paciencia, por tanto, al joven y ambicioso Felipe. Ha de entender que reclaman al rey muchos asuntos en estos primeros tiempos de su reinado. Señor, el rey Luis ha decidido apoyaros. Está dispuesto a aceptaros como vasallo. -¡Gracias, monseñor! -Dios quiera que sea para bien. -Con el respaldo del francés, Isabel y Fernando han de claudicar. No están con ánimo para reavivar la contienda. (SILBA) (Graznidos y tañidos) (Se abre la puerta) Mi señora, ¿cómo os encontráis? Llegaron rumores a Portugal de que os hallabais enferma. La muerte de vuestro hermano fue un puñal que se clavó hondo en mi pecho. Ambas sabemos bien cuán despiadada parece a veces la voluntad de Dios. Mas hemos de acatarla. Margarita... Pobre Margarita. Padre. Alteza. Castilla da la bienvenida a su futura reina. -Señores, ha sido voluntad de Dios mudar nuestros destinos. Ante Él y ante nuestros reinos, daremos cumplimiento a su dictado con fe y con honra. Os lo agradecemos, alteza. El camino es duro, pero quizás al final aguarden días de gloria. -¿Cuándo debemos acudir a Cortes, padre? Pronto, ya se ha cursado la convocatoria. Madre, desearía rezar por el alma de mi hermano ante su tumba. Y también por la de vuestro hijo. Rezaremos juntas. ¿Qué ocurre? El papa ha concedido la nulidad al francés. ¡Magnífico! Dad las gracias al santo padre en mi nombre y en el de la reina. -A fe mía, que no era asunto fácil de resolver. -No negaré que el ducado de Valentinois ha pesado más que los argumentos de Juana. -Honraremos entonces el compromiso adquirido por el rey Carlos. Pero decidme, ¿por qué este empeño en desposarme? Ni siquiera pude darle un heredero. -Sois mujer culta, inteligente y muy hermosa. Cualquier rey anhelaría teneros a su lado en el trono. -También lo es Juana, pero dudo que su dote pudiera compararse a la Bretaña. -Ahora que lo mencionáis, os anuncio un regalo de bodas que tengo para vos. Cuando seamos marido y mujer, podréis ostentar de nuevo el título de duquesa, si así os place. -Os lo agradezco, majestad, pero hay además otros asuntos que me gustaría tratar con vos. ¡Perlas! -Esto es lo que Diego Colón pretendía vender. El joven estaba en lo cierto: el comerciante se las robó. -¿Así os lo ha confesado? -Con él he sido mucho más persuasivo. Me ha detallado su origen mejor que el hijo del almirante. -¿Pensáis que las trajo Colón? No figuraba ningún cargamento de perlas en el último viaje. -¿Y quién sino? Hubo rumores entre la tripulación. -¿Qué clase de rumores? -Se decía que el almirante había encontrado un gran tesoro en una de sus expediciones tierra adentro. -Contrabando de perlas. A la reina no le va a gustar nada este asunto, os lo aseguro. -De momento, solo es un puñado de perlas. -Cuya procedencia Diego Colón habrá de explicar. Vais a viajar a Aragón. Hay voluntades que es preciso domeñar antes de reunir las Cortes. ¿Teméis que se nieguen a jurar a vuestra hija como princesa de Gerona? Temo que en esas tierras pesen más la tradición y los intereses particulares que el sentido común. Delego en vos el poder para persuadir y negociar lo que sea necesario. Así lo atestiguaré por escrito. (REZA EN ÁRABE) ¿Por qué me habéis encerrado? -Sois un mal ejemplo para los vuestros, Azaator. -¿Y preso lo soy bueno? ¿O tenéis otros planes? -Sois hombre sagaz, no cabe duda. -Vuestros reyes prometieron respetar nuestra religión y costumbres. -Sin embargo, tengo su permiso para cumplir la misión que me han encomendado. Y vos no impediréis que lo consiga. Convertíos. -No insistáis: no me convencen ni vuestra fe ni vuestros argumentos. -Entonces, rezaré para que Él os ilumine. -Y vuestro oficial me mostrará el camino. -León os acompañará mientras reflexionáis. Se cuentan por decenas las conversiones que ha logrado. Perseverad, acabará doblegándose. -(REZA) (Carne chamuscada) (Gritos) ¿Tenéis noticias de Fuensalida? ¿No ha advertido de su regreso? -No, mi señora. El mismo silencio que marchó con él acompañará su vuelta, si tal cosa llega a suceder. -Fue su voluntad quedarse a mi lado. -Sosegaos. Pronto vendrá con instrucciones para intrigar contra mí. -¿Cómo os atrevéis? -Corren rumores en Flandes de que vuestros amados padres no son ajenos a la terrible pérdida de mi hermana Margarita. -¿Cómo prestáis oídos a tales infundios? -Ni siquiera os responden a vuestras cartas y, aun así, ¿seguís confiando en ellos? (SUSPIRA) Sois adorablemente cándida, Juana. -¡Ah! -Quieren separarme de vos. -Pero ¿por qué desearían tal cosa? -¿No lo veis? Muerto el príncipe Juan, muerto su hijo, el camino queda libre para que Castilla, Aragón y Portugal estén bajo el mismo reino en el futuro. Vos y yo no contamos en sus planes, salvo como estorbo. Sobre todo, si estamos juntos y enamorados. Os juro que el más poderoso rey de reyes no podría arrancaros de mi lado, mi amor. -Os adoro. -Y lo hacéis con vehemencia. Los galenos están preocupados por vuestra salud. Han recomendado que paséis unos días en el campo. -¿Poseen ellos mejores remedios que vuestros besos y caricias? -Obedeced. Unos días en el campo os harán bien. -No quiero separarme de vos. -Ni yo de vos, amor mío, pero debemos pensar en nuestro pequeño heredero. No usaréis el título de príncipe de Asturias. Sus Católicas Majestades desean que este asunto os quede meridianamente claro. -¿Y qué piensan hacer para impedírmelo? -Únicamente el heredero al trono de Castilla puede ostentar ese título. Y vos no lo sois. -¿Ignoran los reyes que cuento con el apoyo del rey de Francia? -El emperador Maximiliano, vuestro padre, tuvo a bien informarme. -¿Le habéis consultado? -Mis señores querían comprobar si respaldaba vuestras pretensiones. No ven con buenos ojos vuestra amistad con el francés, os lo advierto. -¿Acaso deciden ellos quiénes son nuestros amigos? -La paz con Francia aún no se ha firmado. Y vuestro matrimonio con Juana os obliga a no traicionar a vuestra familia. -Yo decidiré a qué me obliga mi matrimonio. Decídselo a sus majestades. -Deseo ver a la infanta Juana. -No va a ser posible. -¡Señor, no podéis impedirme una y otra vez...! -La infanta Juana os presenta sus excusas por no poder recibiros, señor. -¿Se encuentra bien? -Los galenos han recomendado una vida más sosegada a causa de su preñez. La infanta está pasando una temporada en el campo. -Así, damos fe y prestamos la obediencia, reverencia y fidelidad que por las leyes y fueros de este reino les son debidas a su alteza doña Isabel de Castilla y Aragón como princesa heredera de Castilla, y a su esposo don Manuel, rey de Portugal, como consorte. (TODOS) Así lo juramos. ¡Amén! -Vuestra alteza, doña Isabel, ¿juráis de guardar y cumplir todo lo contenido en la escritura de juramento que aquí ha sido leída? -Sí, juro. -Así, Dios os ayude y los Santos Evangelios. Ya solo falta Aragón. ¿Quién os acompaña? -Don Juan Manuel de Villena, señor de Belmonte. Permanecerá en Flandes a vuestra disposición durante mi ausencia; confiad en él. -Me cuesta creer lo que me referís, Fuensalida. Mi esposo haciendo tratos con los franceses... -Señora, no me presentaría ante vos con infundios. Fue vuestro suegro, el emperador, quien nos informó del asunto. -Felipe es un caballero, temperamental a veces, pero jamás traicionaría a mis padres. -Alteza, el archiduque ha revisado vuestra correspondencia. Y la que venía de Castilla, con sello real. Solo han llegado a sus destinatarios las misivas que no interferían con sus intereses. Si todavía sostenéis la lealtad de vuestro esposo, solo hay una manera de que salgáis de dudas. Los acuerdos de paz son siempre una bendición. -Ojalá nuestra amistad sirva también para mejorar las relaciones con el emperador Maximiliano. -Así lo deseo yo también. Pero mi padre no acostumbra a festejar mis decisiones. -No cejéis en vuestro empeño, señor. Vasallos como vos son los que hacen de Francia una nación cada vez más poderosa. -Así que es cierto. Os habéis aliado con los franceses... ¡Conspiráis contra los intereses de Castilla y Aragón! ¡Contra mis padres! ¡Cómo os atrevéis! -¿Cómo os atrevéis a presentaros en la corte sin mi permiso? -¡Para esto me queríais en el campo! ¿Para apuñalar a mi familia por la espalda sin testigos? ¡Os exijo que rompáis relaciones con Francia! ¡Soy vuestra esposa y me debéis lealtad! -Os lo dije y os lo repito. En Flandes y en vos mando yo. -¡Señor, soltadla! -¡Deteneos! Yo resolveré este asunto con mi esposo. ¡Extraño modo de discutir tenéis los españoles! -¡Soltadme, miserable, traidor! -¡Escuchadme! Los intereses de vuestros padres y los míos no siempre coinciden, aceptadlo; sois mi esposa. Queráis o no, caminaremos juntos. -¿Pretendéis que me pliegue a vuestros designios? ¡Que traicione a mis padres! ¡Antes me arrancaría los ojos que aceptar tal indignidad! -Acatad mis decisiones o me perderéis para siempre. Si volvéis a interponeros, no dudaré en enviaros de vuelta a Castilla. ¡Sola! Pensadlo bien. Veo que habéis recuperado la salud. Me alegro. -Gracias. ¿Queríais verme, monseñor? -(ASIENTE) Venid, hablemos lejos de oídos indiscretos. -¡Majestad! -Sosegaos, Diego, yo he llamado a la reina. Creo que esto os pertenece. -Esas perlas no son mías. -Hay testigos que aseguran lo contrario. -Os digo que no son mías. Diego, soy vuestra reina; a mí no debéis mentirme. Perdonadme. Perdonadme, majestad. Mi padre... Hube de obedecer. Contadnos lo que sabéis. Cuando retornó de su segundo viaje, mi padre me habló de una bahía escondida repleta de perlas. Me confió la bolsa y, poco después, me ordenó que la vendiera. -Suficiente, conocemos el resto. Retiraos. Avisad al rey. Por fin habéis entrado en razón. -El profeta Mahoma me ha hablado en sueños, eminencia. Por eso he pedido veros. -Os ruego que no nos hagáis perder el tiempo, señor. Aún hemos de bregar en Granada. -Quiero convertirme a vuestra fe. Mi decisión es sincera. Ya he elegido un nombre cristiano. -¿Y cómo os llamaréis, si puede saberse? -Gonzalo Fernández de Córdoba. Bravo soldado y mejor cristiano. -Magnífico. Vuestro bautismo será público, no se me ocurre mejor modo de animar a los vuestros a seguiros por el buen camino. -Eminencia reverendísima, si queréis multiplicar el número de conversos, dejadlos en manos de vuestro oficial León. Nunca nadie hizo tanto honor a su nombre. Hemos revisado los registros de mercaderías y no hemos hallado décimo ni parte correspondiente a las perlas. ¿No le bastan las prebendas concedidas? ¡Cuánta codicia! Que Dios le perdone, porque en este, mi reino, solo le aguardan penas. Quizá deberíamos esperar la vuelta del almirante. Colón ha traicionado nuestra confianza. Bendita sea la paciencia que hemos tenido con él, pero se acabó. Que las perlas adornen el fin de sus privilegios. Buscad las cédulas. Supongo que estaréis impaciente por volver a Castilla, para dar cuenta de lo visto y oído. -No dudéis que lo haré, señor. -Así lo espero. Nuestra alianza con Francia es un hecho, os agradeceré que los reyes sean avisados. -¿Me habéis hecho llamar para alardear de vuestro vasallaje? -No. Tengo un par de demandas para mis suegros. Busleyden, proceded. -Deseamos que Margarita vuelva a Flandes. Ya no tiene sentido su permanencia en Castilla. -¿Qué más? -El archiduque desea que los reyes provean un documento que reconozca su derecho al trono si la reina de Portugal no tuviera un hijo varón. -¿Está vuestra esposa al corriente de esta petición? -No os inquietéis, yo velo por sus intereses. -También nosotros. Don Juan de Belmonte permanecerá en Flandes al servicio de doña Juana durante mi ausencia. Si no tenéis inconveniente. ¿Se niegan a reconocer a nuestra hija como heredera? ¡Cómo se atreven! Las Cortes se amparan en la tradición aragonesa, que niega a las mujeres el derecho a heredar el trono. Más nos valdría conquistar Aragón y doblegar voluntades por las armas. No es tiempo de guerra, sino de política, mi señora. ¿No están las Cortes en disposición de negociar? No me lo ha parecido, majestad. Esta es la propuesta que llevaréis a Aragón: Isabel renunciará al principado. Respetaremos la tradición. Si se nos garantiza que heredará la Corona su primer vástago varón. ¿Y si rechazan vuestra propuesta? Hacedles saber que no permitiremos que desbaraten nuestros planes. Hemos querido negociar. Que no nos obliguen a imponer nuestra voluntad, porque lo haremos. Rezad para que Manuel preñe pronto a nuestra hija. Aragón está en juego. ¿Decís que además de aspirar al trono, Felipe ha buscado la alianza con el francés? Así es, majestad. ¿Visteis a Juana? ¿Cómo está? Encinta, y en el campo, lejos de los asuntos de la corte con la excusa de su preñez. ¿Por qué no responde a nuestras cartas? Eso mismo preguntó la infanta, majestad. Supongo que Felipe desea evitar que el contacto entre Juana y su familia perjudique sus intrigas. ¿Y a qué tanta premura por que retorne Margarita? No lo han dicho, pero temo que pretendan ofrecerla a Arturo de Inglaterra para impedir la boda con la infanta Catalina. Dios mío, hemos enviado a Juana a la boca del lobo. Majestades, el propio emperador quiso preveniros contra Felipe: "No debéis fiaros de un hombre capaz de traicionar a su propio padre". Esas fueron sus palabras. Flandes se entrega a nuestro mayor enemigo. En Italia apenas nos quedan aliados leales, e Inglaterra podría ser favorable a Felipe. -De la Liga Santa apenas queda el nombre. Al menos, contamos con la lealtad de Portugal. Ni siquiera tenemos asegurado el futuro en Aragón. Quieren aislar a Castilla, y lo están consiguiendo. Solo queda una salida: negociar con Francia. Deberíais alegraros, Talavera. Desde que hicimos público el bautismo del Zegrí, las conversiones se han multiplicado. -La conversión sin catequesis solo trae falsos cristianos. -Tal vez, pero en dos generaciones serán verdaderos, os lo aseguro. Eminencia reverendísima, ¿no entendéis que esto es mucho más que una campaña de evangelización? Es voluntad de los reyes, nuestros señores, impedir que los musulmanes de Granada apoyen un ataque del turco o de los piratas de Berbería. -¿Tal cosa es posible? -Quizá, mientras Granada sea más mora que castellana. Como veis, mi misión aquí dista mucho de haber acabado. Los aragoneses no se saldrán con la suya. Dios no lo permitirá. Decidme, ¿os hace feliz vuestro esposo? Sí, madre. ¿También en el lecho? Madre... Disculpadme, como todavía no habéis concebido. ¿Lo estáis? Pero ¿por qué no me habéis dicho nada? Por respeto a vuestro duelo. ¿Lo sabe vuestro padre? ¡Gracias, Dios mío! (JUANA GRITA) (JADEOS Y GRITOS) -Rezad para que sea un varón, Busleyden. Rezad. -Todo Flandes reza por ello, mi señor. (Llanto de bebé) -Es una niña. Vuestra esposa está bien, señor. -Que el diablo se la lleve. "Amados padres: Temo que mi esposo no es el hombre que vos y yo esperábamos. Pero ¿qué hace una mujer cuando el ser amado es a la vez el puñal que le desgarra las entrañas? Amo al esposo con la misma furia que detesto al príncipe y ambos son la misma persona, ¿es tal cosa posible? Sabed, mis señores, que esta hija vuestra os lleva a vos y a vuestros reinos siempre en el corazón. Juana, infanta de Castilla y Aragón". Teníais razón, las conversiones no sirven de nada si sigue la fuente del culto. -Os lo ruego, mi señor, esos libros son muy valiosos. ¿Qué vais a hacer con ellos? -He ordenado que aparten los tratados de medicina, para mi universidad en Alcalá. El resto... -Estáis reduciendo a cenizas siglos de conocimiento. Cuánta barbarie. Que Dios os perdone. -Lo hará. No soy más que su instrumento para que se haga su voluntad. Ha corrido demasiada sangre en Italia. No nos opondremos a Fadrique, bien está así. Nada placería tanto a mi rey como firmar una paz duradera con vos, os lo aseguro. Pero entendemos que vos obtendréis cierta ganancia. -¿Aparte de la paz? Tenéis razón. Vuestro vasallo borgoñón, mi yerno, tiene más ambición que huestes y redaños. Es mi intención que nuestro acuerdo sea para él una lección de humildad. Y Francia, ¿qué obtiene? Una paz duradera y una alianza en caso de guerra. No se volverá a derramar una gota de sangre en Italia, tenéis mi palabra. ¿Por qué estáis tan seguro? Porque nos vamos a repartir el reino de Nápoles. ¡Al infierno! ¡Malditos sean todos! -Sosegaos, señor, os lo ruego. -Me han humillado, ¿no lo veis? Han llegado a un acuerdo para humillarme. -El acuerdo es para pacificar Nápoles, no afecta a la alianza con Francia. -Han firmado a mis espaldas, pretenden hacerme ver mi insignificancia. Y la perra de Portugal preñada. ¡Maldita sea! Si al menos Juana hubiera parido un varón. Ni para eso sirve esa furcia castellana. Me equivoqué al juzgar a Fernando. Es más dañino que mil serpientes venenosas. Pero juro que acabaré con él. ¿Partís? ¿Por qué? ¿Adónde? -De caza, estaré fuera una semana. -No me mintáis. ¡No me mintáis! -Ciertamente, voy de caza. Esta vez sí. -Señor, no me abandonéis, os lo ruego. Os apoyaré siempre, en todo. Renunciaré a mis padres si vos me lo pedís, pero no me dejéis, no me dejéis. -Juana, soltadme. -¿Es porque no he parido varón? Perdonadme. Perdonadme, señor. Perdonadme, os lo pido por lo que más queráis. -¡Apartad, perra castellana! -Preñadme de nuevo. Preñadme ahora. ¡Esta vez será varón, os lo juro! ¡Rezaré cada día para que así sea! Os lo juro, será varón, os lo juro. Os lo juro que sí... (LLORA) Los reyes están preocupados por los sucesos de la ciudad. -Hacen bien, Granada puede estallar en cualquier momento. Si mi hija Isabel pare varón, se educará en nuestros reinos. ¡Estad preparados! -"In nomine Patris, et Filii et Spiritus...". ¡Nunca tendréis un dominio para poner a los pies del rey Luis! ¿Dudáis de mi lealtad? ¿Tan sometida está a los deseos de su esposo? Pobre Juana, a qué situación la hemos llevado. -No volveréis a tener queja de mi esposa, y espero que en breve, la corte tampoco. -El ducado de Milán será francés. -No contento con el ducado, su santidad pide ahora la mano de una princesa para su bastardo. -No le falta razón, ahí yace el enemigo de los míos y de mi fe. -Habéis neglected your duty, and with it, the Infanta. And what does your camera? Abrid ¡! On behalf of the Queen! Come with. -This is my spot, and hence will not move anyone. "¡Sing unto the Lord!" I not consent to endanger the heir for afianzaros on your throne. As sovereign I am like you, Portugal and nothing is less than Castilla. -My Sir, there's something important you should know. -¡Volvéis Castile! Seize recent days to say farewell to your daughter, because you do not turn to see us! end... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 