She-Ra and the Princesses of Power: Season 5, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 She-Ra and the Princesses of Power 
 s5e1 - Horde Prime - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 She-Ra and the Princesses of Power (2018–…): Season 5, Episode 1 - Horde Prime - full transcript 
 Adora, Micah and the princesses search for a way to fight back and to rescue Glimmer. On Horde Prime's flagship, Catra schemes. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [panting and shouting] For Etheria! [both shouting] Two down! And a whole Galactic Horde to go. I'll get the next one, I guess. It's okay, you can come out now. [all shouting] Run! My turn. - Come on, let's go, before they... - [shouting] 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Adora! For the honor of... Uh... - Adora! - I'm okay, I'm okay. Ow. Adora, chill. You're not She-Ra anymore, remember? I'm on it! Ugh! I just said... Gotcha. Well, who are you? ♪ We're on the edge of greatness ♪ ♪ Turning darkness to light ♪ ♪ We're right beside you ready to fight ♪ ♪ We're gonna win in the end ♪ ♪ We must be strong And we must be brave ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ We must be brave ♪ ♪ We gotta find every bit of strength That we have and never let it go ♪ ♪ We must be strong ♪ [gasps] What is this? What? [sighs] [gasps] Adora. Did you get any sleep? Have you finished the updates to Mara's ship yet? How soon can we take off to rescue Glimmer? - It's a little more complicated since... - Space! Sorry, I'm just so excited. In order to achieve maximum velocity for lift-off, the repairs and upgrades to the shields, the engines, and the life support should take us approximately... Oh. A very long time. We don't have time. Glimmer's up there, somewhere, waiting for us. - We just have to figure out where. - We'll find her. I know we will. This isn't just a little update. Space has a lot more dangers and variables, crushing pressure, freezing temperatures, vaporization. All it takes is one little hull breach, and then, whoosh! That's it. Besides, there's no telling where Glimmer could be. Space is always expanding, always getting bigger and bigger. [whimpering] But don't worry, I'm sure we'll determine her precise location soon. [Frosta] Are you kidding me? [Shadow Weaver] The sorcerer's spells will only keep us hidden for so long. Then what? This is the only way. Your daughter understood well enough. You don't talk to me about my daughter. [Shadow Weaver] She would have never had us abandon Bright Moon. We couldn't hold Bright Moon with the Galactic Horde attacking us from overhead. We need cover. Which is precisely why we should use the Heart of Etheria. Come on! I can't. I just can't. Okay, so, we're not doing that, because, A, without Glimmer and, more importantly, without She-Ra, the Heart of Etheria won't work. And, B, when it did "work," it nearly destroyed everyone. So, no, thanks. Oh, and also, C, we don't like you and we don't want your help. Also, D, are you still our prisoner? Could we get a rundown of who is and who is not our prisoner anymore? Arguing is not going to help us. We need information on Horde Prime to find Glimmer. And we won't get any of that sitting around here. Adora's right. The best thing we can do now is focus on evacuations, scouting missions, and keeping everyone safe until we can learn more of Horde Prime's plans. Our scouts report that another one of his spires has been spotted near Thaymor. Wait, wait, wait, didn't we just save Thaymor? - No, you're thinking of Elberon. - Ugh. Can everywhere stop getting invaded for, like, five seconds? - I'll do it. I'll bring them back here. - Alone? Adora, you really ought to bring backup. You're not you-know-who anymore. Fine. I'll take a team. I still believe in you, Adora. You saved me and I know you're gonna save my little girl. I promise I'll find Glimmer, Your Majesty. Wherever she is, we'll get her back. [sighs] [grunting] [groans] Come on. Please work. Hey! Is anyone there? Someone answer me! Hello? No bots in sight. I don't wanna jinx it or anything, but this is a pretty great first mission together. I am so happy you said that, 'cause I feel the same way. We're kind of a great team. Between your hooves... And your pincers... And our positive attitude, nothing can get in our way. Oh, uh, just so you know, I have been known to sing from time to time. What? I love singing. Catra always said it was annoying. Man, you guys are the best. That's the last of them. No bots, no drones. We're all clear. [gasps] Wait! Here you go. [device beeping] Uh-oh. Beeps and that look are never a good combination. [Bow] We've got trouble. [whispering] Is that Hordak? Three Hordaks? That's not Hordak. [gasps] Clones. - We need to get out of here. - I've got a better idea. - Wait! Adora! - [Adora shouting] Excuse me, Lord Prime. You wanted to see me? Huh. - Catra. - [hisses] That is your name, is it not? I have been reviewing the memories of my defective brother. It seems he had very little love towards you at the end. Hmm. The question is, what do we do with you now? Remember that big, planet-sized Etheria weapon? Well, I'm the only one who can tell you how it works. You need me. You would pledge your loyalty to me, Catra? What do you say? I'm ready. Wait! No! You're awake. [laughs] Hello, Adora. [groans] What happened? Where are those clones? Did we get them? Okay, um, don't get mad, but I may have had to sting you. Just a little. What? You were refusing to retreat, and we really, really needed to run away. Space clones! You stung me? [Scorpia] I'm sorry, so sorry. But I don't regret it, and will do it again if needed. Mm. Sorry, again. Adora, you can't run into battle like that. Not anymore. You have to stop acting like you're invincible. You aren't... You don't need to say it. I know. I made that choice, I'm living with the consequences. What were you even trying to do? Maybe I could get those clones to tell us where Glimmer is being held. Then at least I'd be one step closer to saving her. That's... not a bad idea. Wait, what? Trying to fight a troop of clones by yourself is reckless. Catching and questioning one clone is also reckless, but this time we do it together. [Adora] Hey. Ready to go again? You can't hold me here forever! Great. You. [chuckles] Pretty fancy accommodations, huh? Well, for a prisoner, that is. How's it going, princess? Don't pretend like you're any better off than I am right now. You may be on the other side of this force field, but you're as alone as I am. The Horde's the Horde, even in space. As long as I'm of value to Horde Prime, I've got a place in this world. I can work my way up here, just like I did before. [Glimmer chuckles] Is that really what you want? We both saw what happened to Hordak. Do you really think you can come out on top? [both] Horde Prime requests your presence as his guests for dinner this evening. Both of you. Horde Prime took my friend Glimmer, and I want her back. Where is she? Fear not. Your friend is an honored guest of Horde Prime, emperor of the Galactic Horde, ruler of the known universe, regent of the seven skies... I said, where? She is with Prime on his flagship, safe at the heart of his empire, far from your paltry world. She is chosen, basking in the light of Prime's favor, he who brings the day and the night. - Okay, we get it. - Glory be to Horde Prime, - [all groaning] - revered one of the shining galaxies, promised one of a thousand suns... Ugh. Did Hordak talk this much? No, he mainly growled and yelled "get out" a lot. [clone laughing] Your queen is safe. Unlike your rebel friends. What do you mean? [clone] Horde Prime sees all. Horde Prime knows all. You can abandon Bright Moon, cloak your rebel camp in illusions, but we will find you. That's from Micah. They're in trouble! This is amazing! Alien tech from a distant world. [Shadow Weaver] Micah! Hmm. You're welcome. This way. Excuse me, pardon me. - Hi, hello. How are you? Watch out there. - Come on. Adora, wait. I can do this. Thanks. [Horde Prime] Are you comfortable, Your Majesty? I strive to treat my guests well. I believe we can learn a great deal from one another. Ah. Enjoyable, yes? It's a delicacy from a distant world, light years away from here. It was very much like Etheria. This dish is incredibly rare, as that world no longer exists. Seconds? No. Thank you. Speaking of Etheria, you must miss it terribly. Would you like to see your home world now? [crowd shouting] [Glimmer gasps] [Glimmer grunting] No. Why are you doing this? Every rebellion forms around a leader, a beacon of hope, that little note of discord. Ah. Here she is, your beacon of hope. Adora. She-Ra. A nuisance that must be purged in order to bring peace to Etheria. No! Stop! Don't hurt her! You wanna use the weapon, right? You need all the princesses, and that includes She-Ra. Without her, the Heart of Etheria is useless. You can't hurt her. Very well. This has been most illuminating. Thank you, Glimmer. I do look forward to more of our conversations. But for now, eat up. [grunts] [Scorpia shouting] Adora, are you okay? No. You were right, Bow. I can't fight them all. I'm not strong enough, I'm not She-Ra. I'm not a hero anymore, I'm just me. And I can't do this alone. But, Adora, you aren't alone. You've never been. We've got this. Together. Together. Scorpia! Coming at you! Bow! The drone! Got it! Frosta, ice catapult. We can't stay here. It isn't safe anymore. We're kind of running out of places to hide. [gasps] I think I know where we can go. And we better hurry. Come on. Neat trick with all the footage of her friends in danger. These princesses are so predictable with their feelings. As were you. - What? - Elevated heart rate, dilated pupils. Adora means something to you. No. She doesn't. She chose her side, I chose mine. She means nothing to me. You Etherians are all alike. Such strong connections to one another. It's what makes you weak. What are you going to do with me? Now that I know about She-Ra and the weapon, what purpose do I have for you? Your little ploy of parsing out information like a bargaining chip was never going to last long out here. I see all. I know all. But fear not, I have great plans for you. Every part of the machine is of value. Even you, little sister. Adora, where are we going? It's around here somewhere. A place where we'll be safe. Madame Razz brought me there, and I saw it again in my dreams. I just have to hope it lets us in. There. Whoa. - [gasps] - Whoa. Wow. Where are we? The deepest part of the Whispering Woods. Horde Prime won't find us here. We're safe. Now, we just need to set up camp and... - [grunting] - Adora! [shouts] [Bow] Adora! [closing theme playing] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 