She-Ra and the Princesses of Power: Season 1, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 She-Ra and the Princesses of Power 
 s1e12 - Light Hope - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 She-Ra and the Princesses of Power (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 12 - Light Hope - full transcript 
 Adora finds Light Hope for some answers about her calling's past and abilities, even as Catra gains power from Hordac to carry out a grand scheme to defeat all the Princesses. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [yelling] -[Light Hope] Hello, Adora. -[Hordak] Adora. [all laughing] [Catra] Every hero needs a sidekick. -[Adora] For the honor of Grayskull! -[Entrapta] I need more time. [yells] -Hello, Adora, you've come at last. -[shrieks] Light Hope, I can't believe I'm seeing you. I've seen you, heh, in my brain. But this is real, heh. Is it? Wait, am I dead? I fell... I'm sorry. I'm freaking out. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 -[clears throat] I'm Adora. -I know. I've been waiting for you since you were an infant. I couldn't reach you. And I couldn't protect you from the Horde. I watched you grow up from afar. Wow, that's creepy, honestly. Creepy? Yes. I've been called this before. I chose this form so as not to alarm you. But if it doesn't suit you, I'll choose another. -Is this better? -[shrieks] Oh, no. That's, um, actually way worse. Forgive me. My human protocol is many years out of date. Allow me to select a form that you will find appealing. Oh, no. Thank you. That's enough. No, that's totally okay. Please stop. [groans] ♪ We're on the edge of greatness ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ Turning darkness to light ♪ -♪ We're right beside you ♪ -♪ Ready to fight ♪ ♪ We're gonna win in the end! ♪ -♪ We must be strong ♪ -♪ And we must be brave ♪ ♪ We gotta find every bit of strength That we have and never let it go ♪ ♪ We must be strong ♪ But shouldn't she be... [grunting] back by now? She said she was going to get training to fix me. How long is that going to take? Ow! -What monster puts a chair here? -I'm worried, too. Taking it out on the furniture won't help. We can't sit here and hope that she comes back. -We have to do something. -Like what? [knocking on door] Princess, there's, uh, something here to see you. -Don't you mean someone? -No, I mean something. [whinnies] Our horse! I am my own horse. Call me Swift Wind. [both screams] Our horse can talk! I can speak my mind. Crazy. So, I'm thinking... -He's a talking horse! -As we've established. -He has wings! -I'll give you a moment to freak out, -then we need to talk. -[both gasping] [blusters] Adora needs our help. Since she transformed me, I've been able to feel where she is, like instinct. Now I feel a pull, as if I'm being summoned. As part of Adora's herd, I need your help. Will you come? -Lead the way. -Glimmer, your glitching. Is what got us into this. Adora left to save me. It's time for us to save her. You in? Always. I don't think your mom will like us leaving soon after our mission. She doesn't need to know. We'll be back before she realizes we're gone. -[shouts] Mom! What are you doing here? -[clearing throat] To see why a horse was escorted to your room. I like to think of myself as a role model for all horse kind. I mean, uh, what talking horse? What's happening? -Go if you want to track down Adora. -You won't stop us? I regretted giving up after your father died. I will not consign you to the same regrets. Commander Glimmer, I order you to find Adora and bring her back home. Right away, Your Majesty. Come on. When we're back, I'd like to talk about freeing all the horses. That's a-- -[grunting] Later. -I'm still talking to the Queen. [neighs] Please be careful. Okay, I-- What is going on here? Catra, you got my note. The one you dropped that says, "Come to my lab"? Yes. I've made great strides in analyzing the data from the First Ones data crystal you brought me. Look. -Where did this come from? -Oh, here and there, rooms. -Were there people in these rooms? -Not when I went back to take the stuff. [chuckles] You belong here with us. So, the data... [squeals] Ha! Wow. Whoa. [Entrapta] Look. It's incredible. This confirms my theories about First Ones machinery resulting in compatibility between magic and science! [laughing] I'll need you to try again. This time, talk like a normal person. Scorpia seems like she understands. Scorpia is drawing stick figures. I call it Super Pal Trio. This is me, this is Catra. I think it's clear. I'm a bit of an artist. I looked at the rock which is a crystal and used math. -Wait, do I have to explain math to you? -[groans] Yes or no, did that crystal give you enough data to upgrade our weapons? Weapons? Ha! This is so much bigger than weapons. This could change everything. Etheria's not just a planet. Whatever the First Ones did to it, it went deep. -And what does that mean? -You're asking me about my theories? I've waited years for someone to ask me. -Hang on. I made a model. -[Catra grunts] I don't wanna be rude, but, um, who are you? I am Light Hope, Etheria's facilitator. I was created by the First Ones, as you call them. Okay, quick follow-up, who are the First Ones? The First Ones journeyed from beyond the stars to settle Etheria. They built this place for you, the Crystal Castle. -[shouts] -Adora, I have waited so long for you. Now the time has come to show you your destiny. -Great. I had a quest-- -You are She-Ra, Etheria's champion, appointed by the First Ones to protect our planet. There have been many before you. The line was broken. You are the first She-Ra in a thousand years. Behold, Etheria. The First Ones didn't settle the surface of Etheria. Their technology runs throughout the core. This whole planet, it's all First Ones tech. Everything on Etheria is connected. The Princesses are granted power through their Runestones. As She-Ra, it is your duty to bring the princesses together. Only then can balance be restored to Etheria. -That sounds great, but the thing is-- -You're correct. It is great. -What are these? -Runestones. From data I've extracted, they regulate the planet. They're connected to the planet's power grid in a delicate balance. Which means? Which means, they're our best access point to hack the planet. [Light Hope] When the princess elements are in balance, Etheria functions as it should. But the Horde is destroying us in their quest for power. There is no predicting what they'll do next. -Hack the planet? -Hypothetically. It's not simple. There's only a handful of Runestones. Runestone, like the Black Garnet? 'Cause, ha, ha, we have the Black Garnet. The Black Garnet? You have a Runestone? -The Fright Zone has a Runestone? -Uh, d'uh. It was my family's. We gave it to Hordak, who then gave it to Shadow Weaver. -You tell a friend, he tells a friend. -Where? Can I see it, touch it? Calm down. What are you planning on doing to it? If we hack the grid, we could boost its power. -Use it for anything. A power source. -A weapon? Potentially. If it's like my experiments, the results'll be explosive. -Shadow Weaver won't like that. -Right. Shadow Weaver won't. So, I will absolutely get you the Black Garnet. Leave it all to me. What do you have for me, little spy? [Entrapta on recording] I've made great strides in analyzing the data from the First Ones data crystal. Look. This is good information, um, and I can't wait to hear more. One thing-- Is there something you do not understand? I can start again. [groans] -I am Light Hope, Etheria's facilitator. -Ugh. [shouts] No, no. I got it. -Have I mentioned you're chosen? -Can we talk about my powers? -I need to learn how to heal my friend. -Your friend? Yes. Shadow Weaver did something and took her powers away. I need to heal her. Her connection with her Runestone was disrupted. Can I fix it? You will be able to do many incredible things with training. So, uh, how long will this take? Like a day or--? -Years. -Years? Glimmer doesn't have years. She's hurt because I messed up. I got Glimmer and Bow captured, and Entrapta. It's my fault. I have to fix it. Yes. Your mission is to fix the planet. My mission is to help my friends. That's why I came here. You are She-Ra. Your purpose is to protect Etheria. -Not only your friends. -Why can't I do both? Adora, you don't realize the power you have. You're distracted by attachments. There was one before you who couldn't let go. Her name was Mara. Mara? Madame Razz's Mara? What happened to her? [Light Hope] Mara was the last She-Ra before you. She struggled with a power she couldn't control until it became too much for her mind. -She snapped? -She was compromised. She gave in to fear and faulty reasoning. Her desperate actions led to devastation. Mara stranded us in the empty dimension of Despandos. She broke the She-Ra line. She nearly destroyed us. Adora, I have waited here for a thousand years alone. I didn't know if I'd see another She-Ra. Stay here and train, learn to be the She-Ra that Mara couldn't be. I'll do whatever you want. I'll come back, train, learn everything. But I have to heal Glimmer first. I can save the planet and her. [gasps] [shouting] [Catra] Adora? I need more time. I need more time. [Light Hope] You feel guilt at these memories. Your friends are endangered by your presence. -It is better to let go now. -But I can't just leave my friends. Hurry. The machines won't hook up themselves. [Shadow Weaver] They won't be hooked up at all. Shadow Weaver. We just-- Uh-- Silence! Did you think you could invade my sanctum without me noticing? I never thought you were bold to rebel, but it'll be my pleasure to put you back in your place. [both groaning] Shadow Weaver, I can do whatever I want with this hunk of rock. -[chuckles] Absurd. By whose authority? -[Hordak] By mine. Lord Hordak, I don't understand. Catra and Entrapta have been working to meld this First Ones tech with our machines to weaponize it. I found out and was intrigued. I gave Force Captain Catra and her team my blessing to go ahead. So, understand, Shadow Weaver. I'm displeased with your interruption. My Lord, you'll let this princess tinker with my Runestone? Her tinkering has boosted every weapon she's touched. So, she gets to tinker with whatever she wants. Including the Black Garnet, which is mine to give or take. You can't do this. I have learned how to draw power from it, a feat no sorceress has done before. I've unlocked its potential! And you've wasted it on parlor tricks. Force Captain Catra, proceed. The Garnet is yours. -Yes, Lord Hordak. -No! -Stop her! Don't let her-- -You won't take what's mine! [grunts] [yelling] That's right, run. It's the only thing you're good at. You've always been a disappointment. You've learned nothing from me. No. I've learned everything from you. How to predict when you'll strike, how to dodge, how to resist. You thought you were punishing me all these years? Wrong. You were training me for this day! [Shadow Weaver] No! [groans] Come back. Come back to me. Come back to me. Scorpia, restrain the sorceress. We won't have to worry about her any longer. Entrapta, if you would. All right, everyone, let's get weird. [gasps] Look. I realized I'm free, but the other horses aren't. I named myself Swift Wind after the swift winds of revolution and left to kick down stable doors. -Freedom, equality and hay for all. -[rustling] Do you hear that? [grunting] [shrieks] Get behind me. What was that about? I feel something. We should run. No. We have to get Adora. Adora, then run. -Swift Wind, what is it? -A bad thing. Hurry. [whimpers] Amazing. The garnet is siphoning energy at a near exponential rate. Yet the output is still building. -What does that mean? -It means things are getting interesting. Is it just me or is it really cold? -It's snowing? -That's impossible. It never snows in the Whispering Woods. [explosion] [grunting] -What's happening? -The bad thing. We can't stay here. Swift Wind, do you sense Adora? [grunts] There! She's over there. [grunting] This would be a great time for my powers to come back. Wait, wait. I know this. Hang on. I think I can... What is that? Uh... This way. -Adora! -Adora, we're here. Wake up. I think I can reach her. Hold on. Swift Wind? Uh... Glimmer? [both scream] [gasps] [distorted] The Horde is hurting us. Balance Etheria. Light Hope? Light Hope, come back. -I don't know what to do. -[Swift Wind] Adora? Adora? Our horse? Once again, I'm no one's horse. I'm Swift Wind. -You can talk? -Yes, I can talk. You can talk? I see why you're friends with Bow and Glimmer. They need your help. -Where's the exit? -I don't know. Light Hope's gone. I don't know if I should go. -What? -If I leave here, I'll make things worse. She's right. Everyone will be better off if I stay far away from them. -It's for the greater good. -Well, that's stupid. What? No, it's not. I've had the ability to think for like a week, and even I know you can't help by hiding. Where'd all the horses I freed be -if I just sat in a pasture and moped? -[scoffs] I'm not moping. [blusters] I'm not. I hurt people, I ruined my friends' lives. Then why are Bow and Glimmer trying to rescue you? They risk their lives not because you're She-Ra but because you're friends. What good is your power if you don't use it to help people you love? I'm not Mara. I'm not the She-Ras of the past. I didn't do this to fulfill destiny. I became She-Ra to help others. My attachments, my friends are a part of who I am. So, are you staying or going? Let's go. Adora, you're back. Adora, spiders! For the honor of Grayskull! [shouting and grunting] [both laughing] [neighs] -Now, Swifty. -Hold on. [all shouting] Guys, look. -It's not just the woods, it's... -It's the entire world. Bright Moon. Swift Wind, hurry. Wow. [gasps] -What do you think it's doing? -I don't know. But I can work with this. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 