JAG: Season 3, Episode 22 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 JAG 
 s3e22 - Clipped Wings - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 JAG (1995–2005): Season 3, Episode 22 - Clipped Wings - full transcript 
 During a NATO exercise a carrier-based F-14D Tomcat has a midair collision with a civilian Italian helo; six locals die. The Italian government wishes to prosecute the pilot for manslaughter; the populace erupts in anger and indignation. Harm, Mac, and Bud investigate in Italy; Mac prosecutes, and Harm and Bud defend. Rep. Latham goes to Italy to look after the interest of the US and its presence in Italy. The Navy pilot says that a light aircraft unexpectedly appeared, he avoided, and he then struck the chopper. Harm takes Bobbi for a ride, which she greatly enjoys. Harm and Bud persist in their search; Francesca joins them; they find the explanation. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  (over radio):   Strike Center, this is   Navy Alpha-Charlie 223  over the Monte Cassino ruins.  MAN:   Congratulations, 223.  You have run the gauntlet  without radar detection.  Climb to 2,000 feet  before leaving exercise zone  and contact Milano   Air Control Center.  223 switching to channel 17.  Leaving 300 for Angels Two.  ( Italian accent ):   Charlie 223, we do not   have you on radar.  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Squawk 2,500 and report position  and altitude. Over.  He's not on radar.  (yelling)  Following in   his father's footsteps  as a Naval aviator,  Lieutenant Commander   Harmon Rabb, Jr.  suffered a crash   while landing his Tomcat  on a storm-tossed carrier   at sea.  Diagnosed with night blindness, Harm transferred to the Navy's   Judge Advocate General Corps  which investigates, defends and  prosecutes the law of the sea.  There, with fellow JAG lawyer   Major Sarah MacKenzie,  he now fights in and out   of the courtroom  with the same daring   and tenacity  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 that made him a top gun   in the air.  REPORTER:   Rescue workers are   removing the third body.  The Navy F-14D was stationed  on the carrier Coral Sea.  It was participating in a NATO National  week exercise  operating out of Milan.  ...for the criminal prosecution   of the Naval aviator...  The Italian air controllers  had cleared the flight  for a minimum altitude  of 2,000 feet A.G.L.  The pilot  had just completed  a simulated low-level attack  when it hit the helicopter.  A full investigation   has been promised.  This is Howard Anderson   in Genoa.  Sir, if the minimum  ceiling was 2,000 feet,  how does he collide with   a helicopter at 380?  Oh, that's what's  in dispute.  Convening authorities are sending the charges   to an Article 32 hearing.  Lieutenant Gordon has been   charged with manslaughter.  I'm assigning you to   defend the lieutenant. Major, you'll prosecute. Six months ago, Marine jet cuts a cable   on a ski lift  causing the death of 20 people,   and now this.  The whole world is going  to be watching what we do here.  Who's our contact  in Italy, Admiral?  Admiral Williams  has assigned  his Chief of Staff,   a, um, Captain Jack Murphy.  Murphy is one tough nut.  Sir?  When he was a CAG  on the Coral Sea, his men were always   first in the fleet.  He never met a pilot  he didn't like  or a lawyer he didn't   want to throw overboard. ( chuckling ):   Good luck.  Thank you, sir.  Talked   to my, uh... daughter this afternoon.  Oh, uh, how's she   enjoying New York, sir? Actually, she's in Milan.  She's, uh, there to cover   the spring fashion show.  RABB:  Oh.  Oh... we'll be  in Italy, sir. We should, uh, stop in and  see if she's all right.  Well, that's very gracious   of you, Commander. Thank you.  It would be our  pleasure, sir.  Is there something else?  N-no, sir. Commander.  Congresswoman Latham.  We need to talk.  Well, ma'am, I'd love to,  but right now I'm running late.  Why do you think I'm here?  Hop in.  This communiqué was delivered  to the president   three hours ago.  Prime Minister Gallo  is putting pressure on  the American government  to turn Lieutenant Gordon over  to civilian authorities.  The Italians want  to prosecute him themselves.  Our status-of-forces agreement   with the Italian government  assures the U.S. the right   to try the case, ma'am.  At our option, the agreement   also allows us  to permit primary jurisdiction   to the Italian government.  Well, that'll never happen.  Never say never,  Commander.  This comes right from   the White House, Harm.  Not everyone there  had the benefit  of serving  in the armed forces.  I spoke  to admiral Chegwidden,   and he's agreed to my request  to be fully informed   of your progress.  Well, I'll look forward   to the challenge, ma'am.  Harm, I want   the best possible outcome  for everyone involved   with the case.  I want your client  to get the best  possible defense.  I want the Italian  government  to be satisfied   that these charges  are being investigated   without bias.  I don't want   the President calling me  at 3:00  in the morning.  RABB:   Captain Murphy,   Lieutenant Commander Rabb.  This way,   Commander.  I want you   to know in advance  I'll do everything I can   to protect my man.  Yes, sir. We expected  nothing less, sir.  The Navy has never   punished an aviator  for doing his job, Major.  We've never let a man   take a fall  for defending   someone else's homeland  and I am not   about to start now.  The rotor blade   struck the leading edge.  RABB:  Well, Lieutenant Gordon  did a hell of a job  in getting  as far as Genoa, sir.  His lateral controls  are all screwed up.  MAN:   He was leaking hydraulic fluid   and jet fuel, sir.  Why didn't he   eject, captain? Lieutenant Gordon chose to stay   with the aircraft, Major.  He didn't want  to kill anyone  on the ground. Anyone else on  the ground, sir.  MAN:  Sir, the radar  altimeter is fully functional. MACKENZIE:  What's the implication  of that?  It's one in your column, Major.  Lieutenant Gordon   won't be able to claim  he was at the wrong altitude  because of a   faulty altimeter. What about the data-  recording transponder?  It's fully functional,   but he was beyond  transponder range   at the time of the incident.  What exactly is  a transponder?  The transponder sends all flight information  from the aircraft  back to strike center. So there's   no record  of the last five or   six seconds of flight  before the midair collision   with the helicopter.  That's correct, sir. Any information that  wasn't transferred  to the Monte Cassino   strike center is gone. RABB:  So we only have  Lieutenant Gordon's word for what happened.  And what about the Rio?  You'll have to ask her. I planned the close   air-support exercise  down to the last detail.  It was a good plan. Was Lieutenant Gordon  informed  that the minimum altitude  set by the Italian government  was 2,000 feet?  He was.  Why was he in violation  of that rule, sir?  I think that explanation's  better coming from him.  Sir, since I can't talk  to the accused  I need you to provide  all the evidence you have.  The air traffic   controllers at Milan approved his flight plan  Lieutenant Gordon filed. The plan indicated that   he read the NOTAMs.  Uh, excuse me, but what  the heck's a NOTAM? "Notice to airmen."  Indicates any   special conditions along the flight route. The Italian air controllers   claim that a NOTAM was posted  concerning civilian  helicopter activity  in the Dora Baltea Valley.  It enjoined pilots from   venturing below 500 feet. That airspace was restricted  to civilian helicopters.  Lieutenant Gordon claims there was no such NOTAM posted  at the time that he filed   his flight plan.  Was a notice sent?  Yes. We're just not sure if it  was posted in a timely fashion.  So there's a chance, sir,  the Italians never gave  the information   to our aviators?  You'd have   to question Colonel Achille Marcella   about that.  He's the Italian   military officer  running   a parallel investigation.  Lieutenant Gordon   was under your command  when you were the CAG   on the Coral Sea.  Did he take risks?  He didn't take   undue chances, Major.  There's risk   every time you go up.  Lieutenant Gordon's record   states that he  was reprimanded  for being overaggressive  in aerial combat.  That's technically correct.  RABB:  Well, did you  ground him  sir?  Pending the outcome  of the field board   at squadron level.  We gave him an okay and returned  him to flight status.  Even though he was in violation   of the rules, sir?  Oh, you bet, Major. This man had the guts   to stay with it.  He saved a $28 million aircraft   at the risk of his own life.  He still broke the rules, sir.  I wouldn't have   a man on any squadron  who always played it safe   and cautious,  because when the chips are down,  I can't count on him.  TECHNICIAN:   Altitude hold mode: okay.  ( keys clattering )  Heading mode: normal. All control   quadrants, check...  All systems are good, sir.  Commander Rabb.  Colonel Marcella.  Oh, it's nice  to meet you, Colonel.  A few ground rules.  I want to be apprised   of any and all information  you gather in the course  of your investigation.  Have you interviewed Lieutenant Gordon  and his Rio yet?  Well, that's scheduled  for later this morning,   Colonel.  I want to be there.  Colonel, I'm defending  Lieutenant Gordon.  Any conversation I have   with him is confidential.  Is this your idea   of cooperation?  Sir, I recognize   your interest in this case.  However, I am obliged  to zealously represent  my client  to achieve the best  outcome possible.  That does not include   enlightening  the Italian government   to my strategy  or any information   I might come upon.  Excuse me, sir.  Thanks,  petty officer.   No problem,  sir. RABB:   What was your airspeed   when you entered the valley?  540 knots, sir.  Altitude? 2,000 feet.  Lieutenant, if the helicopter   was at 380 feet  explain to me how your wing  clipped its rotor blade.  Well, as you saw   in my statement, sir  I had just completed a low-level  radar evasion exercise.  Strike center   told me to break off  to clear  to 2,000 feet A.G.L.  And, uh, proceed home.  And out of nowhere I saw a light aircraft  in my flight path  so I dumped the F-14   over into a steep dive  and began a steady pullout.  That's when I, uh, saw  the helicopter   come up out of the trees.  Tell me, Commander,  how do I, uh...  how do I get past   the fact that I've... I've killed innocent people? You learn   to live with it, mostly.  Just when you think   you have it tucked away  in some little compartment   in the back of you mind  something will  come along  to remind you of it. But you can't second-guess   yourself, Lieutenant.  You have to believe that  what you did was right.  Do you believe   that, Commander? I don't know enough yet.  You know that  there was  nothing wrong mechanically   with my aircraft.  You know that no one witnessed  a near miss   with a light aircraft.  I only have your word   for that, Lieutenant.  Maybe I did make a mistake.  Maybe someone else  would have done it differently   under the same conditions.  Well, that's something   that we will never know.  RABB:   You were Gordon's   radar intercept officer  on the day of the incident?  WOMAN:   Yes, sir.  RABB:   Just before the incident  did you see a light aircraft  flying in front of your Tomcat?  No, sir,  I did not.  Thanks, Bud. Well, what were  you doing  at that precise   moment, Lieutenant? Looking down at  the radarscope.  Did you see a light aircraft  flying on the radarscope?  No, sir, I didn't.  At least  I don't think so.  There was a lot  of noise  on the lower part  of the scope.  It's pretty common when you're flying over  mountainous terrain.  So that would mean   there's a possibility  there was a light aircraft  but it didn't show up   on the radarscope.  It's possible, sir  but I don't think so.  Well, what do you think   happened, Lieutenant?  I don't know, sir.  RABB:   In her statement,  your Rio claims  she never saw   a private aircraft nor was there one   on the radarscope. Can you describe this private  aircraft, Lieutenant?  No, sir.  I didn't  recognize it.  What color was it?  Green.  Yellow.  Pick one, Lieutenant.  I don't know, sir.  Was it a Piper? A Cessna?   What was it?  I don't know,  sir.  All I can remember  was that I was afraid   I was going to hit it.  Were you aware of helicopter   activity  in the area? No, sir.  The Italian flight officer   at Milan  signed off on your plan.  He approved it.  In it, you  indicated  you'd read notice  to the airmen.  I did not see any NOTAM   that indicated  civilian helicopter   flight activity  in that region, sir.  If you had seen it, Lieutenant,   what would you  have done   differently? ( sighs )  That's a hard call, sir.  Maybe I could have   hastened my pull up  but that would have risked  departing   from controlled flight.  It's hard to recover   from a spin at 500 feet.  Lieutenant, you have to give me   something to work with.  I'm doing the best I can, sir. RABB:   Bud, I want you to check   every airport and landing strip for a hundred-mile radius. I want a list   of every light plane that was in the area on  the day of the incident the name of the   pilot and a copy   of his flight plan. Also check to see if   there were any accident or insurance reports  filed that day.  Precisely what are we  looking for, sir?  Any sign of damage   that might have resulted from a midair incident with an F-14   and a light aircraft. Sir, this F-14 was  going over 500 knots.  The vortex alone would  knock a light aircraft  out of the air.  Not if it just   grazed it, Lieutenant  and the pilot was   skillful or lucky.  Lieutenant Gordon   told you his story?  He did, sir. Captain, did you  find any damage  when you checked  this bird out?  I didn't check,   Commander.  Why not? Because then I would   have been obliged  to share   that information  with the Italian   authorities.  You are under   no such obligation.  Well, then, sir,  I won't tell you that there are traces of   green paint on this wingtip. Thank you   for not sharing  that information   with me, Commander.  Bud, get a scraping   of this and send it in to have it analyzed. Aye, aye, sir.  MACKENZIE:   Good morning. Hey, Mac.  Captain Murphy. I'm not the enemy.  Major, it is your job   to prosecute a man  I believe innocent   of the charges against him.  I have no intention  of impeding your investigation  but right now I don't feel   the need for small talk.  Neither do I, sir,   but you should know that I'm going after your man  with everything I've got,  because there's a lot more at   stake here than your one pilot. There are six   civilians dead and if the   Italian government doesn't feel   that justice is served our presence in   Italy is a memory. Thank you, Major.  That your way of   sweet-talking a captain? Maybe you could  back me up here, Harm.  Oh, you seem to be doing  just fine on your own.  You don't need   any help from me. MAN:   This is the tactical air combat  training-system record tape  of the flight profile.  This is where the F-14  was handed over  to the strike center's control.  This is where Lieutenant Gordon  descended to 250 feet  and started   his radar-evasion exercise.  Lieutenant Gordon  flew low-level and used the mountains   to mask conventional radar. Once he completed the course  the plane climbs back   to 2,000 feet.  At that point   he departed tact coverage--  approximately six seconds  before impact   with the helicopter  but while still hidden  from air traffic control   radar at Milan.  It's impossible to know  what happened   during those six seconds.  Uh, here are the tapes   you asked for, sir.  This is a re-creation   of the last few minutes  of Lieutenant Gordon's flight  according   to the Italian authorities.  Now, they claim he was   hotdogging at 300 feet  and never came up.  This is where   he hits the helicopter.  Now, this...  is a re-creation   of the flight according  to Lieutenant Gordon's story.  He completes his run here,  climbs back to 2,000 feet.  He sees the light aircraft here. Initiates a ten   and half G pull-over  and ends up at 300 feet where  he collides with the helicopter. RABB:   That's one hell  of a maneuver.  It would seem to exceed  the structural limits   of the aircraft.  That's going to be   a hard sell, Commander  unless we can find   some way to prove it.  RABB:   Colonel, what's going on?  I've seized the radar recordings  and tappings  of Lieutenant Gordon's   conversations  with the Milan control tower.  Colonel, you can't remove   evidence from here.  You're destroying  the chain   of custody. As leader of the Italian   investigation  I have all the authority   I need, Commander.  This is my territory  and this is my idea   of cooperation.  We need those materials in order  to defend Lieutenant Gordon.  I will turn them over to the   local prosecutor, Lieutenant.  He'll decide what to do   with them.  I'm sure he'll provide you   photocopies.  Colonel, I'd like to talk   to the air traffic controller  who was on duty   the day of the accident,  have him talk me through it.  I'll arrange a time   for you to speak with him.  His lawyer will contact you.  Colonel, that is not necessary.  All I need   is a factual statement.  So you can twist the facts,   Commander?  Shift the blame?  All to defend a man who,   because of his recklessness  killed six people.  ( music playing )  ( indistinct conversations )  Uh... mi scusa.  We're looking for  Francesca... Paretti.  She probably just speaks   Italian, sir.  Why don't you  look over there  and I'll look in here?  Right, sir.  ( speaking Italian )  Turn around.  I'm looking for...  Do as you're told! Why do they keep sending  me Americans?  Walk for me. Walk.  Sir, I was told  to meet Francesca  Paretti...  Francesca Paretti,   she is a journalist. She knows nothing  about models.  Now, walk. She told me  to meet her here.  That's not   too bad, huh? ( speaking Italian ) Very good. You, um...   can put your costume  in the dressing room. You will wear... the dinner jacket. It has wide lapels to add   the drama for the evening. Sir, I'm  an American Naval...  Roberto, Roberto, ciao.  ( speaking Italian )  A naval officer   who works for my father.  ( speaking Italian ) If you get tired  playing sailor  let me know, huh? I'm looking for... older models, huh? Ciao.  Ciao.  "Older models"?  Roberto is a genius.  He has such enthusiasm   for the present.  When did I  become old, Bud?  So...  did my father order you   to come see me, Commander? Well, he asked if I..  If we would look in on you.  So...  You're engaged, Lieutenant.  Aye, sir. (indistinct conversations)  It is the talk   of Italy, Harm.  People are very angry. They blame your pilot   for being a cowboy.  Are you familiar with the  expression "rush to judgment"?  Ah, yes, yes. See, that would   mean that we Italians  we-we-we-we judge too quickly  but your pilot   is completely innocent, eh?  Well, I think he deserves   that presumption.  I go skiing every year   at Cortina.  The military planes  they come in 50 feet   over the ground sometimes  just for the thrill. Those maneuvers involve   all NATO aircraft.  Except that this  is what people  think maybe happened   this time,  except this time people died.  These men are preparing  to go to war, Francesca.  Yeah, they have to train   under difficult circumstances.  Okay, but why do they have   to fly so low  that they scare the sheep?  To avoid detection  by enemy radar.  But, you see,   we are not your enemy  and the sheep,   they have no radar.  It-it's just a game, Francesca.  I see. Okay,   so this is the reason  they fly so low-- for fun.  Well, no.  They fly  low and fast in order to learn  how to better control   their aircraft.  Francesca, how do you   go to war with aviators  who don't have   the skills to fight?  But this is the thing, Harm.  Those people who lost their   lives, they were civilians.  They did not ask   to risk their lives.  And if  something bad  were to happen   in this part of the world,  who do you think they'd call   to help out?  Ah, that's right.  You are the policemen   of the world, right?  So whatever you want,   whatever you do, it's okay.  ( sighs )  MAN:   We are not asking  the "cowboy" aviator.  I have just convened   an emergency meeting  of the Parliament   defense committee  and if necessary,   we will terminate  the presence of American bases   on Italian soil.  Grazie. Well, ma'am, this has, um...   this has gotten ugly fast.  I hear the Italian Alps   are lovely this time of year.  I would appreciate your help.  We have to do something  or this is all   going to go to hell.  LATHAM:   How's the case going?  Well, so far, I don't   have much of anything. Whatever's happening  in the courtroom  we're losing this case in  the court of public opinion.  Now I've got  to do something  to counter the charges  that the Italians  are making.  Bobbi, I have one job--  to defend my client.  And I have another job--  to keep our bases in Italy.  Now, I have to tell you  in strict confidence  that on the highest level  there's serious consideration  to turning Lieutenant Gordon  over to the Italian authorities. They'll crucify him. I don't want that.  Tell me everything...  then tell me what I can use.  Why don't you see  if you can trust me?  What'd you find, Bud?  Congresswoman.  Hello, Bud.  It's a pleasure. Sir, uh...  It's okay, Bud.  I checked the civilian airfields  within 100 miles.  There were 17   light aircraft aloft at the time of the accident  but none of them were near  the Dora Baltea Valley.  Any damage reports?  No, sir. Nothing.  And I checked the paint sample   we took off the aircraft  and it doesn't match   the signature  of any color paint   used in civilian aircraft.  Lab says that it was   probably applied by hand. The thickness of   the enamel varies and it wasn't baked on. Well, then it couldn't have been a commercial aircraft.  Probably   homebuilt. So he might not have   filed a flight plan.  Good work, Bud.  Thank you, sir.  My guess is that you don't want   me to go public with this.  I don't think   we should say anything  until we know why the pilot   of this homebuilt aircraft  hasn't come forward.  Then I want to meet   Lieutenant Gordon.  I want to see for myself   what type of man he is.  I'd like you to give this letter  to the families of the people  that I killed.  Lieutenant, as your attorney  I strongly advise you against  admitting guilt  or any wrongdoing.  GORDON:  With all due  respect, sir  I want to apologize. That may not be  in your best interest,   Lieutenant.  I believe it is, sir.  It was an accident, Lieutenant.  However that  may be, sir  it was my wing that   struck that rotor blade. It was my responsibility.  Captain, this may help   to get us off the hook  with the Italian people.  I don't give a damn  what the Italians think, ma'am.  You want to protect your man.  I can help you do  that, but I need  to buy some time and goodwill.  ( people clamoring )  Scusi. Uno momento.  Uno momento por favore.  Grazie. Grazie.  Lieutenant Gordon has asked me   to read this letter.  It's not addressed   to lawyers or prosecutors  or... politicians.  It's addressed   to the families  of the six people   who lost their lives  in that tragic   helicopter accident.  "I want to express   my condolences  "to the mothers and fathers,  the husbands and wives  "the sisters  and brothers  "of the six people  whose lives were cut short.  "I can only imagine their   feelings of grief and anger.  "I would gladly give my life  "for the accident   to have never happened.  "Since it did,   I want to express my sorrow  "and regret.  Sincerely,   Lieutenant Mark Gordon."  MACKENZIE:   Signor Antinori,   you live two miles  from the scene   of the accident? Si. Yes.  Immediately prior to   the helicopter accident what did you notice?  An American  military jet--  very loud...  very big...  flew over.  It is always  the same, eh?  They scare  all the cow.  MACKENZIE:  Signor Antinori,  can you  estimate  the altitude  of the aircraft?  Difficult to say. How high  above the ground?  Would you say twice as high   as your barn or three times?  Two barns.  It was two barns up.  Thank you, sir.  No further questions.  Your witness  Commander Rabb.  Thank you, sir. Uh, Mr. Antinori.  Please.  Sir, your  story is  that you saw an F-14  flying over your farm  at the level of two barns.  Si. Yes.  How long after you heard this   did you see the aircraft, sir?  Oh, no.  You don't catch me.  You always see   before you hear.  I saw two seconds  came over, eh?  And everybody knows   you never hear first.  Um...  Mr. Antinori, I'm  going to show you three separate head-on profiles  of aircraft. Please point  to the one  that most resembles  the aircraft  that flew over  your farm.  Permesso.  Permesso.  No.  Ecola.  You're sure? Yes. Sicuro.  There was nothing   hanging below the wings?  No, no. Nothing.  RABB:  Mr. Antinori,  you've identified  an Italian aircraft.  This is what   an F-14 looks like, sir.  It has two large engine intakes  suspended beneath  each wing.  ( speaking Italian )  I am a farmer!  RABB:  Mr. Antinori  your daughter  suffered a miscarriage last year is that   correct, sir? Si.  And you blamed   her miscarriage on noise from low-flying   American military aircraft.  The noise   make her lose the baby.  Even though  the Italian air force  flies several dozen missions  a day in this region  is it fair to say   that you're still angry  with the American military?  They are the ones   that fly so low!  No further questions,   Your Honor.  Thank you,   Mr. Antinori. JUDGE:   Court is recessed until 1400.  Francesca.  Uh, Mac.  Commander Rabb.  I didn't think   we'd see you again. I was rude at dinner.  I wanted to apologize.  I'm sure the admiral   just sent you here  to keep an eye on us.  I told my father   what I said  and he became   very angry with me.  The admiral,  angry?  That's hard  to imagine.  You, too?   I thought he liked you.  LATHAM:  Commander?  I'd, uh, like to speak to you  privately, please.  Yes, congresswoman.  Excuse me.  I just got off the phone  with the President.  The Italian Parliament has   scheduled a special session. We're going to get   kicked out of Italy if we don't turn  Lieutenant Gordon over to them in 24 hours. Please give me   reason to hope. I'm going to have  to put Lieutenant Gordon  on the stand, then.  Mac'll pick him to pieces.  Can you do anything  about that?  No. We have  no corroborating evidence.  The Italians insist  there is no way   he dropped that distance  in such a short  space of time.  So they're claiming that he was screwing  around down low  and then made up the  story of avoiding   the light aircraft  to cover his tactics. The only way  to dispel that argument  would be to recreate  Lieutenant Gordon's  flight.  Let's do it.  No, the Italians closed   the airspace  in the valley, Bobbi.  I can clear   the airspace. You can get  us an F-14. "Us"?  Forget about it,  congresswoman.  You have no idea   how dangerous and violent  a maneuver like that is.  Harm, I come from the   toughest streets in Detroit. I can handle whatever  you throw at me.  MACKENZIE:   You sure you want to do this?  LATHAM:   I don't do anything   I don't want to do.  MACKENZIE:   I hated it.  Anything frighten  you, ma'am?  Yeah. A one-on-one meeting   in the oval office.  ( all chuckling )  Congresswoman? What's this? For luck?  No, ma'am, that   is a 500-lira coin.  You'll need it if you have to   punch out of the aircraft.  Once on the ground-- assuming  you can still walk--  just find   the nearest phone booth  and give us a call. Collect.  I love a man with a good  sense of humor.  You okay?  I'll let you know when I'm not.  RABB:   Milan flight   information region,  this is Navy Alpha-Charlie 223.  We are over point alpha,  commencing descent.  Request you confirm  we are on profile Zulu.  MAN:  Charlie 223. You are clear to   commence descent. Radar indicates   no other traffic.  You are precisely   on altitude and airspeed  slightly right of course.  Roger. Understood.  223, you are exactly on course.  LATHAM:   Tell me something.  Where can I sign up  for flight training? RABB:   This is where Lieutenant Gordon started his  radar evasion.  Mask on.  540 Knots, 200 feet A.G.L.  I don't have   him on radar. I still don't have him. Navy Alpha-Charlie 223.  We crossed Monte Cassino ruins.  Nice work, Navy Alpha-Charlie.  You have run the course  without radar detection. Climb to 2,000 feet before leaving the exercise zone and contact Milano air control.  This is 223,   switching to channel 17.  Leaving 300 for 2,000 feet.  He's not on radar.  RABB:   This is where Lieutenant Gordon  saw the light plane, Bobbi.  Hang on!  Let's go home.  Roger that.  MACKENZIE:  If you put  your head  between your  legs, ma'am  the airsickness  will pass.  Oh, I feel great!  It gives you a buzz   down to your toes.  Don't you hate  being strapped  in tight?  Not always.  What'd you find?  Well, sir, Lieutenant   Gordon's story checks out. Even at 2,000 feet we were below the   radar horizon of Milan. Thank you, Commander.  Bud, plane captain's  having maintenance  pull their data recorder. Make sure   we get that.   Yes, sir.  You'll get me a copy  of the tape?  Absolutely.  You don't expect  to enter that   into evidence?  I think I can make   a case of it.  You haven't proven   a damn thing, Harm. Lieutenant Gordon is still  going to be prosecuted.  MACKENZIE:   Captain Balducci,   it's your testimony  that you personally posted   the notice to airmen  the day before the accident.  Yes.  What did the notice say?  There was helicopter activity   in the Dora Baltea Valley.  What else?  That the airspace  below 500 feet was reserved   for helicopter activity.  Do you know if Lieutenant  Gordon read the NOTAM?  I know he checked the box   on his flight plan.  Thank you.  No further questions.  Your witness, Commander.  Captain Balducci,   you were working  on the day of the accident, sir? Yes.  Your shift started   at 8:00 in the morning  and finished at 4:00   in the afternoon?  Yes.   You spent all eight hours   in the briefing room?  Yes.  So you would have known  if a notice came   from the F.V.A.A.?  That is my job.  And you would have   posted it immediately?  Always, as is my custom.  On a clipboard   in the briefing room?  Yes.  Let the record  reflect  that I am handing the witness   exhibit "A."  Captain,  will you describe  for the court   what this exhibit is? It's a credit card slip  dated April 17  for the Rizzoli cafe.  Objection. Defense   did not disclose  the fact of this   credit card slip. I've just received it, sir.  But, uh...  take all the time  you need, counselor.  Captain, were you   at the Rizzoli cafe that day?  I may have been.   I don't remember.  But you do remember  receiving a notice to airmen   and posting it  in a timely  fashion.  Perhaps I went to the cafe   for a drink after work  or perhaps my wife   had the card that day  Whose signature is that, sir? Looks like mine.  Sir, this is a restaurant bill   from the Rizzoli cafe  indicating that   Captain Balducci had a four-course meal that day, until 2:00  in the afternoon  after the consumption   of a bottle of wine.  Objection.   Facts not in evidence.  I'll call the waiter in   to testify  if you'd like.  Captain, the message   came in at 12:08.  You returned to   work after 1400-- after the accident happened.  So, when did you post   the NOTAM, sir?  Perhaps someone else posted it.  You previously testified  that you had received  the notice and that  you had posted it  as is your custom,   in a timely fashion. Captain?  Sir?  Mm-hmm.  I checked the   geo references on the datum indicator.  Yeah?  I've located the   gravel landing strip that you saw   from the air. It's about an hour's  drive from here.  Good work, Bud.  Thank you, sir. (door opens)  Um... Francesca... I know how you feel   about this case  but I could really use your help interviewing   a potential witness.  Buon giorno,  signore.  Mi chiamo Francesca Paretti. Le presento il tenente  di vascello Rabb  dell' ufficio legale della   marina militare statiunitense.  Avrebe delle domande da farle. Domande su che cosa?  L'incidente. What do you want me to say,   Commander?  Did I see the pilot fly 50 feet   off the ground like a madman?  Did you?  No. I was in Rome.  Are you a pilot, Mr. Restivo?  Yes. I have a small aircraft  I use on the weekends.  Were you in the air   the day of the accident, sir?  No. I took the train to Rome   that day on business.  Was anybody else   in the aircraft that day?  Senza mia   permission.  Not without my permission.  I don't give to no one.  Could we take a look  at the plane, sir?  What is your part in all this,   Commander?  I'm defending the man   who caused the helicopter  to crash,   Mr. Restivo. Then why would I help you?  That pilot  cannot be defended.  FRANCESCA:   Signor Restivo il tenente e' un' uomo onesto.  Si puo' fidare di lui.  Lei chi e'? L'amorosa?  The commander works   for my father.  My father is   the Judge Advocate General  of the United States Navy.  He is also   an honest man. I am nobody's girlfriend.  And if you have  nothing to hide you will take us   to see the airplane.  RESTIVO:   Il fato tutto.  I built it myself.  It takes me two winters.  You did a good   job, Mr. Restivo. When did this  happen, sir?  I was not aware  of this damage.  RABB:  Sir, I'd like your Permission  to get a paint sample.  There are scrapings   of green paint on the F-14,  I believe they'll match.  Surely you don't think  the two planes  could have collided.  I don't think  they collided  but there was some kind  of glancing contact.  Whoever was flying this   plane is one hell of a pilot. I told you I was in Rome,   Commander.  Papa.  Arianna, entra in casa.  Sir...  You're not welcome  here anymore.  I want you to leave right now.  Sir. Mr. Restivo.  Arianna...  pilotavi tu l'aereo  il giorno dell incidente?  Yes. I was  practicing my landings  and takeoffs.  In the Dora Baltea Valley   three miles from the accident. Si.  What time was it? 2:30 in the afternoon.  What altitude  were you?  I don't know exactly.  Maybe 600 meters.  About 2,000 feet. Did you see   the American F-14? Yes.  RABB:  Where?  It was coming right at me.  What did the pilot   of the F-14 do then?  He went down very fast.  Did he collide   with your airplane?  I don't know.  I turned over and over.  It all happened at once.  It was very hard for me  to regain control  of the airplane.  What happened next, Arianna? I got control of the airplane  and I flew home.  When did you learn about the   accident with the helicopter?  An hour later.  On the television.  RABB:  Arianna  who taught you to fly?  My papa.  What did he say  about your skills?  He says I'm a... a natural.  RABB:  A natural.  Did you tell your father  about the accident?  I was afraid, sir.  I had taken the plane up   without his permission  and I knew he would  be angry with me.  RABB:  Arianna, you were going  to let the American aviator   take the blame for an accident  that you also helped to cause.  ARIANNA:  Yes.  That makes me ashamed.  But you came here today   of your own free will?  Yes.  Why did you do that?  Because...  my father taught me   to always be honest.  And I want to stop   feeling ashamed.  Sir, at this point, I'd like   to enter into evidence  paint scrapings from the F-14  involved  in the accident  and from  the Restivo family  homebuilt aircraft. Very well.  Arianna,   there's something I want you to know. Accidents like this one...  they happen sometimes.  It's nobody's fault. No further questions, sir.  Major?  I have no questions  at this time, sir.  Prosecution reserves the  right to cross-examine.  This hearing is recessed   until 1600.  ( bangs gavel )  Thank you, Commander  and you, Major.  I'll be recommending  that the government  drop all charges  against your client, Harm  and return him  to flight status.  Good job.  Both of you.  I'll see you shortly.  You have to go?  Yes.  You will tell my father  I said hello?  Well, I'll   think about it. It's too bad, Commander.  That we are parting   only as friends.  Well, I was just happy  we're still speaking.  But I was hoping for more.  Ciao.  ( speaking Italian )  Thank you for  everything,   Commander.  Lieutenant.  ( speaking Italian )  LATHAM:   That picture's going   to be on the front page  of every newspaper   around the world  by tomorrow morning. What can you say   that matches that? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 