JAG: Season 7, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 JAG 
 s7e2 - New Gun in Town - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 JAG (1995–2005): Season 7, Episode 2 - New Gun in Town - full transcript 
 After Mac postpones her wedding indefinitely, after Mic returns to Australia and the Royal Australian Navy, and while Harm continues to convalesce, Mac seeks to avoid questions from friends by requesting a temporary assignment away from the JAG headquarters and out of town. She asks to investigate a disappearance of a Marine major from a ship at sea; the admiral sends both her and Gunny to the ship in the Indian Ocean. Under interesting circumstances Mac and Gunny find their man, who unwittingly nudges Mac toward some introspection. Meanwhile an airman taxies an aircraft and makes a short flight with an unhappy ending; a new character, Cdr. Turner, prosecutes, and Harm defends. Harm reaches for the stars and brings about a bright conclusion to that case; he further takes his client for an exciting ride. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  (over speakers):   ...stand by to recover   inbound helo.  Major Holmes, please stay clear  of the foul line, sir.  Right. Sorry, but there's   a pilot I need to interview as soon as he lands. I'll bring him to you, sir.  Just stay clear  of the foul line.  His name's Captain Campbell.  Major Holmes needs  to see you, sir. Major Holmes!  Major Holmes!  FDO, be advised, you have  a man overboard, starboard side. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 INTERCOM:   Bridge, Pri-Fly.  We have a man overboard,   starboard side.  Roger that.  Left full ruder.  Port engine stop.  Execute a Williamson turn.  Stand by,   the duty lifeboat party.  Stand by, the saw bird.  Stand by, signal bridge.  This is not a drill.  Man overboard.  (phone rings)  Lieutenant Colonel MacKenzie,   good morning.  (laughs):   Oh.  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I love you, too.  So, when do I book my trip back   for the wedding?  Mac?  Um, I have news about Mic.  Something happened to him?  He's not hurt, is he?  He went back to Australia.  Oh.  So, when's he coming back?  He's gone, Chloe...  forever.  His choice.  He dumped you?  Yeah.  But why would he do that?  Because I didn't love him   with all my heart.  Is Harm there with you?  No. He's at a funeral.  Renee's father died.  Chloe, I'm not going   to discuss this any further.  You don't need to.  I know what happened.  Harm happened.  I love you.  (line clicks, dial tone drones)  (sighs)  Well, good morning, sunshine.  RENEE:  He looks so peaceful.  RABB:  Yeah, he does.  Dad's wearing   his favorite suit. Oh.  Uh, it's... it's becoming.  I wish you   two had met. (sniffles):   Well, it's   too late now. Why don't we join  the others.  Okay.  (sniffles) Good-bye, Daddy. Hello, Renee.  Oh, Cyrus.  Oh...  Mother sends  her condolences. Cyrus Fortney,  Commander Harmon Rabb.  Nice to meet you.  RABB:  Yeah, you, too.  RENEE:  He looks wonderful.  Oh, well, Renee, he's your dad,  so I took special care of him.  Cyrus does all  of the work himself.  Really?  You know, so much   of the hands-on work  is farmed out these days.  Well, that's interesting.  Renee, why don't you   and, um, uh, um...  Cyrus. ...Cyrus catch up, and I'm   going to wait for you outside.  Okay.  Okay. So, nice meeting you.  Take care. Mrs. Petersen.  Why, Renee tells me  that you're leaving right after the service. Yes, ma'am. I need  to get back to Washington ASAP.  Nonsense. I'm sure that no man   wants to hear this, but...  JAG can manage without you.  (both laugh)  Mrs. Petersen, I'd really   just be in the way here.  Oh, not at all. And I know it would  mean the world to Renee to have you close. She dotes on you. That's Cyrus Fortney. Yes, yes. We met.  Well, Cyrus is  a lovely boy.  He and Renee were  sweethearts for years. But she... forgot all about him  when he went   to embalming school.  Well, imagine that.  Do you know that that casket is  solid bronze?  Weighs a ton.  Wow. It will keep  my husband safe  for at least a hundred years.  SINGER:   Good morning, ma'am.  MacKENZIE:   Good morning, Lieutenant.  Did you talk   to Mic, Colonel? No. Did he call?  No.  Well, then what?  About rescheduling  the wedding. Uh, it's off.  Off?  Yeah. Mic went back  to Australia.  That's terrible. You must feel dreadful. I mean, when? Uh, why? If you'd like to talk  about it, ma'am, I'm here for you. ROBERTS:  Good morning, ma'am. Morning.  Harriet and I left  the weekend open  in case you decide  to reschedule. So you let us know  where and when.  We'll be there  with bells on. That'll be   when hell freezes over.  Good morning, Colonel.  So, when's the big day?  Tiner, no questions. Get me in to   see the admiral. That's an order. Y-Yes, ma'am.  This is the message  traffic you asked  for, ma'am.  Admiral, Colonel MacKenzie would like a word with you, sir.  Send her in.  Aye, sir.  Sir, I've just learned  Major Miles Holmes,  the Staff Judge Advocate  for the Marine  Expeditionary Unit  aboard the Guadalcanal,  was reported missing at sea   last night.  I've seen the OPREP   and casualty reports.  The Amphibious Ready Group   is on joint maneuvers  with the Indian Navy, Admiral.  They need a lawyer to advise   on Rules of Engagement.  And to help conduct   an investigation  into the disappearance   of Major Holmes.  What has that got   to do with you?  I want the assignment, Admiral.  Colonel, that's a step  backward for you. It doesn't matter, sir.  Well, I'm shorthanded   right now.  I don't think   I can spare you.  Sir, Commander Rabb returns  from convalescent leave   tomorrow.  Only if I think he's ready.  I'm sure he will be.  And once he's back,   you'll never miss me.  You underestimate your value.  Have a seat, Mac.  You want to tell me  why you checked  the message traffic   for the first assignment  that'd take you out of town?  No, sir, respectfully.  Just received a request  to forward   Commander Brumby's records  to the Royal Australian Navy.  He's returned   to active duty. Well, he missed   the seafaring life, sir.  No, Mac. He, uh...   he missed out on you,  and that makes him   one damn fool.  Is that why   you're asking for a T.A.D.  assignment?  Sir, I just can't talk   about this one more time.  Job's yours.  That'll be all. Thank you, sir.  Colonel, uh, take the gunny with you.  I can take care of myself,   Admiral.  Oh, I know-- it's the marines   aboard the Guadalacanal  that I want to protect.  Ma'am.  Gunny, how long   will it take you to throw some things  in a sea bag? I keep one packed,  Colonel.  Then meet me   at Andrews at 1300. Going out  to the Guadalacanal, ma'am?  That's affirmative,  Gunny. Figures, ma'am.  What makes you think that,   Gunnery Sergeant?  Do you really believe that I'm running away  from my life here at JAG? Do you think that  a simple thing like... Ma'am,  the missing Staff Judge  Advocate is a marine.  It's natural you'd  request the assignment.  Exactly.  GERGEN:   As you know, from our first   interview, Commander,  a mishap investigation report  by the safety review board   is strictly confidential.  Today I want to talk to you about what happened   after you ejected.  You suffered  short-term memory loss.  Do you have  your memory back?  As far as I can tell. The incident report indicates  equipment failure post-ejection. I was hoping you could   clear up a few details.  Why did you take  your helmet off  while you were still  in your descent?  Shroud lines were   wrapped around me.  I was being strangled.  You're aware  the NATOPS manual says  to keep your helmet on?  I made a judgment call,   Commander.  I wanted those damn lines off me  before I hit the water.  You cut your way  out of your risers.  Yeah, well, the release jammed.  There's nothing wrong  with this release, Commander.  You know, Commander,  it's one thing to stand   in front of me  and pop that thing open,   but I can assure you  when I was underwater,   it didn't work.  When the Viking first flew   over your position  why didn't you use your flares?  Well, the first one failed,  and by the time   I got to the second one  the Viking disappeared...  Or did you panic, Commander?  I didn't panic.  Then why didn't you follow   standard emergency procedures?  I was fighting for my life,   Commander,  being tossed about   in eight- to ten-foot seas.  I did what I thought best.  And everything wasn't working   the way it's supposed to.  The fact is,   during this incident,  you did nothing by the book.  Hey, if I did everything wrong,   why am I still alive?  Because, Commander,  somebody up there likes you.  Huh. Well, he can't   like me too much--  I'm in here with you, aren't I?  Thank you, Commander.  That'll be all.  Commander,  after all that's happened  are you sure you want   to stay current?  Yeah.  There've been  a lot of guys  who have gone through a lot less  who don't have it in them  to eject  a second time.  Well, I'm not one of those guys. Let's hope you don't have   to find out.  (over P.A.):   Lieutenant Commander Tyler,   please report to the bridge.  Lieutenant Commander Tyler,   please report to the bridge.  Welcome aboard, ma'am.  Thank you.  The captain requests  your presence on the bridge.  MAN:  JAG on deck.  Lieutenant Colonel MacKenzie  and Gunnery Sergeant Galindez  reporting as ordered, sir.  Stand at ease. You want to talk   about Major Holmes. When you have time, sir.  I have time now. He was a friend  of yours?  An acquaintance, sir. And why was   the major on deck during flight   operations, Captain? Well, he told   the flight deck officer  that he needed to interview   an incoming helo pilot.  Had the pilot done   something wrong?  No. The exercise had  gone off without a hitch.  It's gonna be hard to know  why he was out there.  Well, did anyone see   him go over the side? No, but that's not a surprise--  there was a lot going on.  Accident?  There was  a possibility he got  careless or distracted.  Can you think of anyone  who may have had a grudge   against the major, sir?  Well, the major had  a number of open cases.  I'll make those files  available to you.  But quite honestly,   I find it highly improbable  that someone's going   to push him overboard  in front of a hundred   potential witnesses.  Do you believe Major Holmes  to be the kind of man   who would kill himself, sir?  The major kept mostly   to himself, so I'd have  a hard time answering that.  His wife's been informed? Yes. And according  to Mrs. Holmes,  the major was in good  health and spirits.  Sometimes the wife is   the last to know, sir.  Hmm. Well, that's   three theories, Colonel.  So where does  that leave us?  Welcome back, Commander. Welcome  back, sir.  Thanks.  Welcome back, sir.  Good to see you  again, sir. You're not going  to find her there, sir. At present, she's halfway  around the world. Australia?  No, sir. The Indian Ocean.  I imagine that's   a pretty big surprise. I understand she   asked to go T.A.D. I guess she wanted to get away.  Yeah, well, we all feel  that way every now and again,  don't we, Lieutenant,  like we need a little space.  Tiner.  Nice to have you  back, Commander. Thank you. I need to see  the admiral right away.  Yes, sir. Commander Rabb is... Send him in.  Sir.  Commander!  Good to have  you back.  Well, thank you, sir.  It's good to be back.  So, how'd your interview   go with the Safety Board? Oh, well enough, sir.  I'm primed and ready  to get back to work.  Good. Have a seat. Thank you.  So, um, what makes you  think you're ready to go back to full duty? Well, Admiral, I'm feeling  better every day, and frankly,  I'm going a little crazy  sitting around that apartment.  My, uh, second tour in 'Nam   was... it was rough.  By the time I got stateside,   I was pretty beat up.  First Sunday I was back   I did something  I hadn't done in a long time--   went to church.  Priest got to   the blessings, and he gave a   special thanks for my safe return.  Those few words   damn near killed me.  Till then, I had no idea   how bad I hurt.  Make of it what you will.  Meantime,   with the Colonel T.A.D.,  I could use all the help   I can get around here.  TINER (over intercom):   Admiral, your ten hundred   is here, sir.  Oh, send him in.  Sir, if...  Commander. Admiral.  Good to see you. Sturgis.  I thought you were in Pearl.  I was. I checked   in here last week. CHEGWIDDEN:  Commander Turner  has just finished his tour as Force  Judge Advocate  at ComSubPac.  He's been assigned   to the JAG Headquarters.  Why didn't you tell me?  Ah, when was   the last time we talked? I sent you a Christmas card.  Three years ago,   to the wrong address. It was the only address I had--  if you had bothered  to stay in touch...   I wanted to get in  touch with you... CHEGWIDDEN:  If you gentlemen are through catching  up with old times... Sorry, sir.  Sorry, sir.  The, uh,  commanding officer at Naval Air Station  at Whiting Field has filed charges  against a Airman Tyree. The airman was on integrity   watch on the flight line  when he took up  a T-34 Charlie trainer. Crashed on landing. How badly was he hurt, sir?  Mm, minor abrasions   on his left leg.  Sounds like he got   a little tired  of chipping paint   and cleaning windscreens.  (Chegwidden chuckles)  Commander Turner, you will  prosecute; Rabb, you'll defend.  Yes, sir.   Aye, sir.  Now, there's a  matter of logistics. Sir, I'll be more than happy  to show the commander around.  Oh, good, good. Then you can   be the one to tell Roberts  that Commander Turner has   been assigned to his office.  Well, where will  Lieutenant Roberts...  Mr. Roberts will move  back to his old office. That'll be all.  ROBERTS:  I need to know what  happened, Scout Loveland. Well, he said bad words.  Right. But I need  to know exactly  what Master Chief  Edwards said.  But on my honor,   I can't repeat them. Oh, no, I understand,   Victor, but...  it's very important  that we know the specific words. Have you ever killed anyone?  Excuse me?  Like during   the Gulf War. No. I was in R.O.T.C.  at college.  But you do carry   a gun now, right?  No. I'm a lawyer.  But have you ever fired a gun? Well, I'm weapons-  qualified, yes.  Victor, we should  probably talk about you,  your Freedom Scout retreat  and the navy master chief  who cursed at you.  Okay, but I-I can't   say the words.  Hey, what if I, like,  write the words out,  and then, that way,   I won't have to say them? (chuckles):   Hey, you ought to be a lawyer.  (knock on door)  Lieutenant Roberts, I'd like you to meet   Commander Sturgis Turner. Pleasure  to meet you, sir.  Lieutenant.  Heard a lot about you.  Welcome aboard.  Is it true that you were  roommates at the academy?  Company mates.  And as a midshipman   you wrote  the winning essay  on leadership?  RABB:   Yes, and he still has   the sword to prove it.  Oh, and you met   at the brigade boxing finals?  Yeah, where I got   sucker-punched, huh?  Uh, look, uh, Bud,  I need to talk to you  about something. I'm afraid that...   That we're running late.  Commander's just gonna   show me to my office.  The only one open  is my old office.  You know what, sir,   I should move back there.  It's a small, cramped room   with steam pipes  on the ceiling  and down one wall.  Now you make it sound   tempting, Lieutenant.  (laughs):  Sir?  Well, the commander  was a submariner.  Yeah, but still...   Uh, you look settled in here, Lieutenant.  Nice meeting you.  It's, uh, it's just to   the left there, Sturgis. Thanks, Bud. Did you gain weight?  A little bit. I'm working on it. All right, here you go. (chuckles)  Wow!  Yeah, the guy cussed great. The "guy" was a navy master   chief, Scout Loveland.  He should have known better than  to curse in front of children.  None of us gave a damn.  MAN:   We just brought in a CH-53.  MacKENZIE:   How close is Major Holmes   to the helo?  He was behind  the foul line, ma'am.  Well out of harm's way.  Was he acting strangely? Can't say. Had my  eyes on the helo.  Was anyone standing   near Major Holmes?  It was during  flight ops, ma'am.  There were people  all over the place.  Who yelled,   "Man overboard"? Don't know for sure.   That's good.  What happened after you knew  a man had gone overboard?  Well, Captain  launched a SAR helo,  and then we called muster  to count noses.  Once we searched the ship,  it was pretty obvious   he was missing.  And the vest that we recovered   was the one that was issued  to Major Holmes   when he came aboard ship.  Well, how do you  account for the fact that the vest became   separated from Major Holmes?  It's a six-story  drop out there,  and if the vest wasn't   properly secured  there's a chance   it could have got torn off.  Hard to know just  what happened, ma'am. But it's a damn shame. We had a perfect safety record   up until now.  STURGIS:   Two years confinement,   loss of pay,  busted to E-2. Time served,   formal counseling.  Why not just give him  an air medal?  Look, no one was hurt, the T-34 suffered  minimal damage,  the accused has   expressed remorse. He stole  an airplane, Harm.  A trainer. And if it was some bubblehead   who'd stolen a midget sub  you'd be arguing with me   to cut him a break.  Now, come on.  That is simply not true.  We have Airman Tyree cold   on wrongful appropriation  and negligent damage   to military property.  He's a bright kid, Sturgis.  He scored high marks   on his exams,  excellent evaluations.  Six months confinement,   loss of pay,  but Airman Tyree stays   in the service.  Nope, no deal.  Well, then we're going   to trial, my friend.  Then we go to trial.  GALINDEZ:   What are we looking for,   Colonel?  Anyone who didn't want to   see Major Holmes in court. Had you ever, ma'am?  We went up against each other   a couple of times.  I didn't really know him   outside of the courtroom.  Good lawyer?  I beat him twice.  He argued with his heart,   not his head.  Well, most of what's here   is routine, ma'am.  Seaman stole a pack   of cigarettes  from the ship's store.  Two petty officers were busted  for hiding a couple of cases   of Scotch whiskey  in a void   on second deck. And there's a Petty  Officer Darling  who made threats   to Major Holmes.  Why?  Major Holmes had  Petty Officer Darling scheduled for a special   court-martial for fighting.  Well, I'd like to talk   to the petty officer.  Not a problem, ma'am. It must be pretty tough   going through life  with everybody   calling you Darling.  I wouldn't know.  I just pulled up a list  of the last 50 Web sites  Major Holmes visited.  Three are garden seed catalogs.  And who the hell is Iris Dement? Ooh, awesome   country singer, ma'am.  That's her Web site.  Huh. Three different USO's.  Oh, that guy was  a regular Boy Scout.  We need to get a look   at his hard drive, Colonel.  Make arrangements  with the computer  specialist on board.  I have a feeling we're not  going to find anything, though.  I don't think   this guy had a life.  Hm. Everybody has   a life, Colonel,  even Petty Officer Tiner.  MAN:  Taking her up,  Commander? Thinking about it.  Well, you've come  a long way out   here not to fly.  Well, sometimes  it's better to stay on the ground. Sometimes, I guess.  When you start out  flying, you got   no experience  and a whole lot of luck. You hope to end up with a whole lot  of experience  before you run   out of that luck. (chuckles)  You, uh, feel lucky today?  Oh, it's hard to say, Pops.  Why is that? Well, I, uh...  I recently used up  a lifetime of luck in one night. Well... you let me know, okay?  Yeah, will do.  TURNER:   When did you discover   the aircraft was missing?  HARRELSON:   The following morning, sir.  It was upside down   in the grass.  And how did you   link Airman Tyree  to the theft and subsequent  destruction of the aircraft?  Objection.  Assumes facts   not in evidence.  Rephrase, Commander Turner.  How did you come to suspect  that Airman Tyree  might be linked:  to the unusual state  in which you found the aircraft? After his watch ended  Airman Tyree had reported   to sick bay  with various cuts and abrasions. Is there any doubt  in your mind  Airman Tyree was at the controls of the aircraft?  He admitted as much   when we questioned him, sir.  Did Airman Tyree  have permission  to fly the aircraft?  No, sir,   definitely not. He was not trained   as a pilot.  Thank you,  Master Chief.  No further questions.  Master Chief...  the morning  after its discovery  when you examined  the relocated aircraft  what damage did you find?  Well, it landed on grass, sir,  so all it was, was a broken   strut, sir, and a bent prop.  How soon did you have  the aircraft flying again,  Master Chief?  The next day, sir. So, damage to the T-34  Charlie was minimal,  interruption to training,  negligible.  Your Honor,   counsel is editorializing.  Commander Rabb...  Master Chief, when you   confronted Airman Tyree  with your suspicions,   did he deny it?  No, sir.  In December  of last year  Master Chief, did the accused   receive a letter of reprimand  and was he   reduced in rank from third class  petty officer  to airman? HARRELSON:  Yes, sir. RABB:  For what reason? For taxing an aircraft  too fast   on the taxiway, sir.  Was he a qualified  taxi pilot at that time?  Yes, sir. And as such, he was authorized   to taxi aircraft  to the run-up area   to test their engines.  Is that correct?  Yes, sir.  Does he still have  such authorization?  No, sir. This is the accused's  personnel file.  Master Chief,  do you see a document  giving written authorization  to taxi aircraft  as a taxi pilot?  Yes, sir.  So he had   every reason to believe  he still had permission.  TURNER:  Objection.  The Master Chief  can't testify as to what  Airman Tyree believed   or did not believe.  Sustained. Nothing further.  Redirect,  Your Honor.  JUDGE:  Mm-hmm, go ahead.  Master Chief Harrelson  if Airman Tyree had his   permission to taxi suspended,  why was that document   still in the file?  It's bad record keeping, sir,  but there's no doubt   to his status.  Busted is busted,  and he knew it.  Thank you, Master Chief.  No further questions,   Your Honor.  You may step down.  JUDGE:   We'll reconvene at 1400.  You may call   your first witness then,  Commander Rabb.  Court is in recess.  (pounds gavel)  WOMAN:   I guess you could say  I threatened Major Holmes.  You, uh, threatened   to "rip his heart out  through his nose."  That's a figure of speech,   ma'am.  What was your grievance   with the major?  He wanted to bring me  to a special court-martial  for fighting.  If I was found guilty  I was going to get   kicked out of the navy.  Did you get into a fight? Everyone fights, Gunny.  They want us to be tough.  Where is the harm in that?  MacKENZIE:  You were working on deck the night   Major Holmes went overboard.  So were a lot of sailors.  Your area of responsibility is on the starboard side   of the flight deck.  That's the side   off which Major Holmes fell. Or was pushed.  I wasn't that mad, Gunny.  You have, uh-- to put it politely--  a problem with anger management. Permission to speak   off the record?  Denied.  SINGER:   Don't you ever   lose your temper?  Every now and then.  And you've never  said a bad word. Singer, there are 40  different words here.  I don't even know  what several of them mean.  If there's anything   you don't understand I'd be glad to   help you out.  Okay, look,  three months in the brig.  Reduction to E-8.  Suspend the bust  and confinement  and we'll arrange   for voluntary   community service.  Where's the punishment  in that?  The guy hates  kids, right?  Right.  Then do I have   a deal for you.  MORROW:   Here it is, ma'am.  That's everything I retrieved  off the hard drive.  I got a look  at some of it, ma'am.  I have to say this   for the major--  he e-mailed his wife   nearly every day.  GALINDEZ:   What else? Well, Gunny,   he, uh, corresponded  with the American Rose Society.  He wanted to name a rose   after his cleaning lady.  Anything of interest,   Senior Chief?  Uh, Major Holmes visited  nearly every U.S.O.  in the Pacific.  He was real serious   about it, ma'am.  He kept e-mailing   this administrator  at U.S.O. headquarters.  What did he want to know?  He would let her know  where the Guadalcanal   was going to be on liberty  and she'd tell him  all the things that he could do  once he got to liberty port.  This woman have a name?  Susan Evans.  He e-mailed her almost as often   as his wife.  Airman Tyree,  I'd like to revisit  the night of the incident.  So would I, sir. I'd do a lot of things   differently.  Please wait   for the question, Airman.   Oh, y-yes, sir. I know we practiced it that way. Ma'am, we-we didn't  "practice" anything.  I-I reviewed  the airman's testimony.  Let's see how it goes.  (Rabb sighs) Did you move the aircraft the night  of the incident, Airman Tyree?  Yes, sir,  I did.  You see... All right,  were you moving it  to the run-up area?  In that direction, yes, sir.  Did you have permission   to taxi the aircraft?  I know how to do it, sir.  Actually, I became   pretty good at it.  In fact, one of the pilots   said I was...  Were you taxiing the aircraft   too fast that night?  Yes, sir.  As Master Chief Harrelson  testified  you had done it on at least   one other occasion.  Yes, sir. So, is it fair to say,   Airman Tyree  that while taxiing the aircraft  for a moment,   it traveled too quickly  causing the plane to lift off,   and in an attempt...?  Objection.  Three leading questions   busts his quota, Your Honor.  Sustained.  Airman Tyree, why did the   aircraft begin to lift off?  Well, you see, sir,  the motion of the wing  through the air generates lift.  As the plane taxis  down the runway  when the lift   exceeds the weight... Did you intentionally   fly the aircraft  or did it get away from you?  Well, sir, it pretty much   got away from me  and I lacked the skills   to put her down right.  Thank you.  That will be all, ma'am. Airman Tyree, until recently,  you had   an exemplary service record.  Thank you, Commander. Given your high regard  for naval aviation,  you ever thought   about taking flying lessons?  Yes, sir, but they're expensive. Oh, why not apply   for flight training?  I don't have a college degree,   sir, so, no commission.  Ah. Do you have a dream,   Airman Tyree?  Objection.   Vague.  I'll allow it.  All my life   I wanted to fly, sir.  And now you have,  Airman Tyree.  You have taken a naval aircraft   for an unauthorized flight  and crashed it.  Objection, Your Honor.  Commander Turner, do you have   a question to ask the accused?  I do, Your Honor.  Airman Tyree,   was it your intention  to profit from the borrowing   of this aircraft?  Did you plan  to sell it for scrap?  Cut it up  for spare parts?  Uh, no, sir.  I just wanted to get it up   in the air, just once  to see what   it was like. TURNER:   Would it be  fair to say that your flight   was not an accident? Only the last part was, sir.  No further questions,   Your Honor.  JUDGE:   Commander Rabb, do you have any   other questions? None come to mind, ma'am.  Court is in recess  until 1500, at which time   we'll have argument.  GALINDEZ:   Bingo, ma'am.  Tell me. Susan Evans is  an entertainment coordinator  with the U.S.O.  She came aboard  the Guadalcanal  with the U.S.O. unit  four months ago.  Had lunch and dinner  in the wardroom.  That must be   where they met. Major Holmes has been  in touch with her  seven times since that visit,  and each time  he's requested information  on the U.S.O. facility  at the next liberty port  the Guadalcanal   was scheduled to visit.  And she met him there?  I did a quick check  with her credit card company.  Miss Evans  stayed in a hotel  in each of the seven ports   the Guadalcanal visited.  Gives a whole new meaning  to the term "follow the fleet."  She's beautiful. Yes, ma'am.  Her last stay was in Jakarta.  Ship didn't stop there.  No, ma'am,  but it came real close  and that's where they inserted   the marines on maneuvers.  Okay, say Major Holmes   faked his own death  and then jumped ship.  Where would he hide,   and how would  he get off the Guadalcanal  to hook up   with Susan Evans? Let's go, Gunny.  First, Major Holmes hangs a torn piece of uniform  sleeve on a stanchion  tosses the float gear  over the side  and yells   "man overboard." Kept the cranial and goggles on  because no one   can recognize anybody  in those damn things.  While the ship   is being searched... he hides in here. Holmes knew about this void  because of the   two cases of scotch the petty officers  had hidden here.  Gunny, pull the screen. Yes, ma'am.  All right, go ahead.  Look at that sleeve, ma'am.  This is Major Holmes' shirt.  He definitely   spent the night here.  (sighs)  You're in no shape to play.  I'm fine.  Yeah, then how come   I'm up 17-10?  'Cause you're cheating.  (both laugh)  Coming at you.  You still with that girl,  the, uh...  the widow with the kid?  No. She dumped me years ago.  Oh, that's too   bad; I liked her. That was Annie, right? Don't know what it is;  they never stay. Smart.  What's that? They're too smart.  Or they... You find they  get smarter as time goes by? Or the opposite:  We get stupider.  Oh. Mm.  With my recent luck with women,  that is a definite possibility. Ready? So, you got a girl?  Nope. She's got me.  (pager beeping)  The judge is back  with the verdict. JUDGE:   In the case   of the United States  v. Airman Peter Tyree,   United States Navy  this court finds you guilty  of all charges   and specifications.  Sentencing will commence   at 1100 tomorrow.  Court is in recess.  That's okay, sir. I know I didn't give   you much to work with. Considering you never had   a case, Harm,  you did a great job.  It was my fault,  Commander Turner. Sometimes when  I get excited, my mouth gets   ahead of my brain. But you did a good   job tripping me up. I took no pleasure in it,   Airman.  I know that, sir.  I just wish I could fly   as good as you talk.  The first wave went ashore  at 0600, ma'am.  How many men per boat?  33 marines aboard  the LCACs Marines stay inside  their vehicles  due to the noise  of the engines.  Where do they muster?  Hanger deck. Marines do head counts and personnel   manifests are taken in the case of a mishap. Then they board   their vehicles.  You ever had any unauthorized   personnel go ashore?  Once or twice,  someone snuck  on board the LCAC   after the head count.  Did you know Major Holmes  by sight?  Well, you know how it is during maneuvers,  Gunnery Sergeant. All those Marines  dressed in camou  and got their faces  painted black.  So, down here, I wouldn't  know him from Adam. What happens when the marines   hit the Jakarta Beach?  The trucks head  inland, ma'am.  After that, a man could hide   just about anywhere.  Are you lost, Commander?  No, sir.  Who the hell are you?  Commander Rabb, sir. I was hoping to speak  with Admiral Landry  at a convenient  moment, sir.  Well, now   is not convenient,  but you've already   barged in.  So, whatever you have to say,   you can say it to all of us.  Aye, sir.  Come on in,  Commander  and close the hatch behind you.  Yes, sir.  Master Chief, Lieutenant Roberts  and I have settled on a deal  pending your agreement.  A suspended sentence and 200   hours of community service.  Okay, ma'am.  Where?  The Norfolk   Freedom Scout Camp.  Now, you say   one word there  other than "please"   or "thank you"  and you will spend   six months in the brig.  Is that really the best   you can do, ma'am?  Let's review the evidence   against you, Master Chief.  Shall we start   with the four-letter words  or the compound ones?  JUDGE:   Commander Turner,   Commander Rabb.  I'd like to thank you   for all the time and effort  you've put into this case.  There will be no sentence   handed down in this case.  In fact, my verdict   stands null and void.  Uh... Ma'am?  That's because there  is no more case. Admiral Landry, who is AIRLANT has assumed convening   authority in this matter and directed that all  charges be withdrawn. You are free  to return to duty. Thank you, ma'am. Court is adjourned.  (gavel pounds)  Commander Rabb... the navy has programs to put   superior enlisted personnel  through college and then OCS.  Yes, Your Honor.  Admiral Landry suggests Airman Tyree might   make a fine candidate  How the hell did you  get a three-star  to take up  Airman Tyree's cause?  I told him the truth. The airman's a smart kid  who needs a little education  and a lot of time to grow up.  The navy is always looking for  men with dedication and passion. Hey, anybody who wants to fly  that badly, well...  (chuckles)  they should  be flying for us.  (car horn honking)  Thank you.  GALINDEZ:  Miss Evans.  Who are you?  Gunnery Sergeant   Victor Galindez, ma'am. Where's Major Holmes? End of the line, Miss Evans.  How did you find us? Well, you used your credit card   one too many times, ma'am.  Come with me, please.  Thank you, sir.  Major Holmes.  Colonel MacKenzie.  Major, why fake your death?  It was the only way, ma'am.  You put your wife  through hell.  Why not just file  for divorce?  This way, she got  my insurance, and  I got a new life. Where were you  going to live?  In a shack on the beach  in Indonesia?  It worked for Gauguin. That was Tahiti  and he painted.  I don't expect you   to understand, ma'am. You didn't have to take  a wrecking ball to your life.  I didn't give up one damn  thing I wanted, Colonel.  With Susan, I'd finally  gotten to a place where anything--  a sunset,  the curve of her thigh,  the air I breathe-- anything was   enough with her. Didn't you ever love anyone  so much that you would   have given up the world for?  Did love ever   make you crazy? Once or twice.  Not again?  Well, maybe one day,  you'll get up the nerve to stop playing it safe   and work without a net.  Wow!  What is this  exactly, sir?  It's a Stearman.  Two generations   of naval aviators  trained in one of these. Yours?  My dad's.  He teach you to fly?  Well, he, uh... he taught me   to want to fly. Are you ever afraid, sir,  when you're up there?  Hell, yeah.  I'm afraid of screwing up,   afraid of losing control.  Not afraid of dying? No. You can't be.  How about you, Peter?  Where did you  get the bug?  Well, you're going to laugh,   sir.  Top Gun, Midway  12 O'Clock High.  That was the late show. See, you're laughing. Oh, I've seen them all:   30 Seconds Over Tokyo  Flying Leathernecks,   Bridges at Tokori...  Oh, that's my favorite, sir.  I always get a lump in my throat when Bill Holden  and Mickey Rooney get killed.  And the admiral,  what was his name?  Fredric March.  Yes. Then the admiral says...  "Where do we get such men?"  Go on, sit up front. Get up there. (Tyree whooping)  (laughing)  You ready?  Yes, sir.  She's yours.  (laughing) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 