JAG: Season 7, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 JAG 
 s7e3 - Measure of Men - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 JAG (1995–2005): Season 7, Episode 3 - Measure of Men - full transcript 
 A Major with a reputation of passing blame on to others is charged with dereliction when a team he leads hits a sandbar, and one of the men drowns. Harm and Mac meet for the first time since she left JAG HQ. The Admiral's god daughter leaves her grandmother's house, and stays with the Admiral for a while. The Admiral contacts her mother, who's on a deployment at sea. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  (thunder rumbling)  LIEUTENANT GLADDEN:   Secure yourself, Marines!  High surf!  Damn it.  It's all right, sir.  They'll recover.  If they don't, Major,   your six is mine.  Come on, Marines!  (overlapping shouting)  What's going on? One, two, three, four,  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 five...  I'm sorry, Lieutenant.  ♪ ♪  Ernest Venuto was   a 25-year-old second lieutenant with two personal awards. Now, I just spoke to his mother   in Grand Rapids.  And I had great difficulty   explaining to her  why her son's unit was training   under gale force conditions.  I'll get on it, sir. You can start  with Major Lasley  the officer in charge  of the detachment.  Yes, sir.  And you can end there, also.  Sir? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I questioned his decision  to proceed,   given the rough sea state.  Was it an order, sir?  It was a strongly worded   advisory.  Why do you think  he ignored your advice, Captain? Because the major's   an arrogant son of a bitch  with the inability to admit   that he's wrong.  Sir?  You go ahead, Colonel. You conduct a fair   and impartial investigation.  We'll still end up   on the same side of the issue.  Good day.  (pop music playing over radio)  (music stops)  (doorbell rings)  (TV playing indistinctly)  Lisa, what are you doing here?  Hi.  Uh, come in.  Did you drive out here?  I have my license now. It's 40 miles.  I was fine.  So, what's going on? I don't want to stay   with my Aunt Connie anymore.  Have you talked   to your mother?  I'm talking to my godfather.  Lisa. She's at sea, Admiral.  All right, let's see if we can get a phone  patch to her ship.  Wait.  Could I stay here tonight?  Lieutenant Colonel MacKenzie.  Mac, it's Harm.  Hi.  Hey.  How are you?  I'm fine.  Uh, did you not get my messages? No.  I called you twice,   I e-mailed you once.  Oh, it's been crazy here,   Harm.  Yeah, the Admiral briefed us.  How's Renee?  She's still in Minnesota.  When you talk to her   send her my condolences.  Mac, a T.A.D. assignment?  What's going on?  It's not just me;   Gunny's here, too.  Well, that's only   because you're there.  I needed to clear my head.  How long are you   going to be gone?  Until they replace me.  I thought we were going   to talk when I got back.  Well, I guess it will have   to be when I get back.  You're not trying   to avoid me, are you?  Harm, I can hardly hear you.  Let me call you   when I have a moment.  Are you going to get a moment?  I'll talk to you soon.  (dial tone droning)  (sighs)  MAN:  The Indian Marine Commander  assigned me  to the U.S. Assault Unit  as an observer, ma'am.  I was in the first boat  with Lieutenant Gladden.  Lieutenant Venuto   was in the second.  They both capsized.  The reason, in your opinion?  Unusually high surf, ma'am.  The unit was not notified   of these conditions.  There were no  conditions  until the storm arrived, ma'am.  Aerial visual recon noted  minor swells yesterday morning.  Were you concerned   about the weather?  I was expecting it  to be rough.  If you were in charge   of the exercise  would you have aborted?  I would have to say "yes"   to that, ma'am.  MAJOR LASLEY:   We were the tip of the spear,   Colonel.  There were two LCACs   in the hold  and a thousand Indian troops   ashore  all awaiting our signal.  I wasn't about   to abort the exercise, ma'am.  And in retrospect? My men were well trained  and prepared for all conditions. Did Captain Huddleston   advise you not to launch? I accommodated the Skipper  by delaying launch time   by one hour  to allow him  to reposition the ship, ma'am.  When he persisted  with his concerns,  I checked with the MEU C.O.  and B.L.T. commanders,  who were ashore interfacing  with the Indian command.  They were not in a position  to judge the circumstances,  so they left the call   up to me, ma'am.  What do you believe happened   out there?  (sighs)  Hand of God, Colonel.  God didn't give the  order to launch, Major. GALINDEZ:   Are you aware of how many times I've hit the beach, Colonel?  No, Gunny, I'm not.  13 times, ma'am. Two under combat  situations.  So how does this lay out  for you?  Well, in an   actual assault there'd be no second  guessing, ma'am.  Nine Marines made it, and that's more than  enough to carry   out their orders.  You support  the major's decision?  I support his   right to challenge  his men, ma'am.  What about his attempt  to avoid accountability?  No, I don't like  that, ma'am.  Neither do I.  Do you have   a minute, sir? Do you have good news  for me, Colonel?  I have my   recommendation, sir. You'll have to   judge for yourself. Let's have it.  Preliminary   indications are that weather  conditions   last night  were ultimately  responsible  for the drowning  of Lieutenant   Venuto, sir.  Which called into question  the major's decision to launch.  An Article 32 hearing would  not be inappropriate, sir.  And what about  a special court-martial?  I'm sorry?  Based on your findings,   I'm convening one aboard ship.  That's where   all the witnesses are.  Sir, a special court-martial  for an officer   is highly unusual.  But within my power,  correct?  Yes, sir. Have you cleared this   with MEU C.O. Skipper?  He trusts my judgment.  May I remind you, sir that this kind of proceeding   carries with it  limited punitive options.  Consider me  reminded, Colonel.  The charges are dereliction  of duty and negligent homicide.  Yes, sir.  And I want you to prosecute.  Will do, sir.  And I want you  to know, Colonel,  this has nothing  to do with me.  It has to do  with the ideals  that define a military officer.  As long as they apply  to the circumstances   at hand, sir.  I'm sure I'll get an earful   from my sister.  What's Lisa's side of it, sir?  CHEGWIDDEN:   Well, they got in an argument  about curfew.  Words were exchanged,   Lisa drove out here.  Where is she now?  Um, she's inside.  Let me talk to her, Admiral.  Merrill, I told her   I wouldn't call you.  I don't think she wants  to answer to her mother   right now.  That's completely   out of character for her.  Which is why I think   we need to listen.  Look, why don't you   call your sister  tell her that Lisa's   going to be staying here  during the holiday break.  I'll sit down with her and--  I don't know-- just try   to straighten it out.  You're going to watch a teenager  for a week, sir?  What, you don't think I can?  You've done just about   everything else for me.  Well, I didn't get you   your command, Skipper.  My being at sea   was never a problem  until Dan died, Admiral.  She must feel   I've abandoned her.  Can you take leave?  In the middle   of a deployment, sir?  I understand   the career implications.  Please keep me informed.  I will.  I have rules, Admiral.  Let me give them to you.  MacKENZIE:   These are the charges   against you, Major.  You informed me yesterday,   ma'am.  This makes it official. How did you become my enemy,   Colonel?  We don't even know  each other.  That's why you shouldn't  take it personally. I take personally any document   that accuses me of murder.  You honestly feel  these proceedings  are warranted, ma'am?  That's a question   for your attorney.  RABB:   His attorney's   answer is "no." Major Lasley   is being railroaded.  MacKENZIE:   You're representing the major?  I requested   the assignment.  Just arrived on board.  I wasn't aware   that you knew the   colonel, Commander. We're stationed together.  This isn't going to cause  some sort of problem is it, sir? You'll be well represented,   Major.  Mac, I don't like   the way this smells.  When's the last time you saw   a special court-martial  convened  for an officer?  Captain's privilege.  Which brings me to my next   question: Why is the skipper  bypassing a process  which would give my client  a more reasoned review?  I can't speak for the skipper.  Well, let me   answer for you.  I think that the   skip is reluctant  to turn over   these proceedings  to another   convening authority  because he doesn't want  to give up the control.  I think the cap wants  the major off this ship   and fast, Mac.  In fact, I think this whole  thing is being handled  without appropriate regard   to due process  and smacks of potential   command influence.  Can you prove this?  (chuckles)   Can you prove I'm wrong?  Good luck.  Morning.  Hey, I feel bad  about having you sleep  in the living room.  Oh, it's... it's fine. (groans softly)  Interesting shade.  Aqua. It's my heart color.  What's yours?  My heart color?  Yeah.  Uh... unknown.  (laughs)  My mother's is navy blue.  Hey, can I hang out here  till she gets back?  Not appropriate. Why not?  Lisa, we see each   other... twice a year. But you don't treat me  like your yeoman.  Is that how you feel   around your mother?  I can never do this  in front of her.  She wouldn't let you? She'd make me  change the color.  Well... well, you   need to talk to her. I can't; she's deaf.  Well, you got to face her   at some point.  But not right now.  That's why I came here.  I knew you wouldn't squeal   on me.  (knock at door)  Can I come in?  Sure.  Well...  You know why I requested  this assignment?  No.  'Cause I needed  to talk to you,  and I knew you weren't  going to call me back.  I don't get it, Mac.  When Brumby left,  you asked for my help.  I'm handling it.  Halfway around the world.  It seemed like   the right thing to do.  You're running, Mac.  What's going on?  N-Nothing.  Let me in.  Tell me what you're feeling.  Pressured.  Why are you doing this?  Because I told you I would.  Wait a minute.  You're talking to me now because you're guilty   about not doing it then? Well, you're angry at me?  Renee's father died.  And if he hadn't?  We would have talked.  About what?  About us.  That's why I left, Harm. There's no "us."  There's you and Renee.  What are you   willing to give up to have me?  Mic gave up the navy  and his country.  Would you sacrifice   your girlfriend?  What, are you testing me?  Well, would you?  What if I did?  Answer the question. As long as you answer mine.  I'm so sick of this dance. Yeah, I would.  I would give her up.  Mac.  Mac.  Hey, Gunny.  Sir, it's good  to see you.  Nice to see you.  The... Gunny supports  your man, Harm.  Maybe he should  assist you.  GALINDEZ:  Actually, ma'am,  after our conversation I checked with a   few Marine buddies. Your instincts  were right.  The major's reputation   precedes him.  Shall I continue,   ma'am?  He'll get it on   discovery anyway. GALINDEZ:   Two years ago, members  of the major's unit  were accused   of shooting at  base wildlife. They took full responsibility,  even though the major was  in the area at the time.  Eight months later,  the major denied  giving an order  during an exercise  that resulted  in one injured Marine  and office hours  for a Lance Corporal.  He's a Teflon man, Colonel;  nothing sticks.  Can't try a man   on prior acts, Mac.  The case will be tried   on the merits.  I don't think   we need much more than that  to end Major Lasley's   lucky streak.  Sir.  Mac.  We haven't finished talking yet. What makes you think  we ever will?  Lieutenant.  Yes, sir?  I have a personal question.  Okay, sir.  Did you resent your mother  when you were a teenager?  I did, sir.  When did you get over it?  Still working on that, sir.  Oh.  Every phone call  a challenge,  every holiday a siege.  Huh. Thank you.  Sweetie.  Hmm.  Tiner.  Sir?  What do you know   about teenage girls?  They look good in shorts, sir.  Dismissed.  Aye, sir.  Sir, are you   looking for advice on how to talk to one? Yeah.  Well, our baby-sitter   is 15 years old,  and I drive her home. And from what  I can tell,  "sweet" has nothing   to do with sugary  "chill" has nothing   to do with cold  and "whack" has   absolutely nothing   to do with mob murder.  Actually, I was looking  for psychological insights.  Well, reason is as useful   as a square tennis ball, sir. Thank you, Lieutenant.  You're welcome, sir. The planets must be   out of alignment.  Ah, good morning, Commander.  Hmm, Lieutenant.  So, how is everything? You finding   everything okay?  Any questions?  I understand there's  a file storage room.  Ah, yes, sir,   it's upstairs. The easiest way is to  go through the bullpen  catch the stairs  opposite the roster board  and make a right  at the top of the stairs  and it's the first left  after the library.  Do you like donuts,  Lieutenant?  Hmm-hmm, afraid so, sir.  I've been meaning to talk to   you about the Wohlers appeal. You were trial counsel at   his court-martial, correct? Yes, sir.   Interested in  catching me up? Well, absolutely, sir.  I'm on a deadline. The only time I have   free is Thursday night. 2200 suit you? Well, it's  a little late, sir.  I'll provide   refreshments. Hmm. Hmm.  I'm aware of the rumors, sir.  In fact, I'm sure that's why   I was passed over last year.  RABB:   Any truth to them? Talk to my men, sir.  If they felt this way,  how could I motivate them?  You know how these rumors   get started, Major?  I have the best trained   assault unit  in the Marine Corps, Commander.  You might start with those   who have the worst.  Well, it's a problem.  It could affect the trial.  Some of the members may   already have heard something.  But won't you be questioning  them before they're chosen, sir? Yes, but I   can't guarantee they're not tainted already.  I'd rather overcome the issue  by discovering exactly   what happened out there.  Something went wrong, sir.  What?  I'm not sure, sir. I was   on board ship at the time.  That's not a very   useful answer, Major.  It's the only one I have,   Commander.  Look, if we   don't come up   with something and your men were  as prepared as   you say they are, prosecution is going to assert   that they were victims  of extraordinary weather,   in which case, Major,  the blame for what happened   out there could fall on you.  (sighs)  So, what's your plan, sir?  It's so cool.  BOY:   How'd you like it?  I love it.  Cool. What'd you get?  Just a navel ring.  Oh. Any problems?  Uh... the only problem I've had   was when my aunt's cat  reached up and got his claw   caught on it.  And I stood up and he was, like,  hanging from my stomach.  (giggles)  No!  What does it look like?  Totally cool.  Oh, my gosh, I've got to see it. Did they, like, have   to freeze your eyebrow?  Ooh, gosh!  Did it hurt?  Lisa?  Is it ready?  Yeah.  I got to go.  (chuckles)   Bye.  Hey, I think you're   getting another call.  Hello?  (man speaking indistinctly)  Yeah, he's here.  It's the XO on the USS Akron.  The captain's inquiring   about her daughter.  (door slams)  (overlapping shouts)  Major?  Did I leave you  waiting, Commander?  What's going on?  LASLEY:  I had to take care  of this, sir. Sorry.  Who is he?  Larry Kaliski, sir.  Welcome aboard.  Major, this is incredible!  Do you know  Commander Rabb?  I've heard the name. It's a pleasure,  Commander.  Mr. Kaliski is  a civilian attorney, sir.  I've hired him  to be my lead counsel.  KALISKI:   The commander just found   out that I've been hired?  Yes, sir.  Bad manners, Major.  Apologize to the man.  I'm sorry, sir. I didn't know how  to put it to you. Any particular reason  you decided to knock me   out of the box  before I'd even   come to bat, Major?  Fair question.  A Marine drowned  while under my   command, sir.  You said it yourself. It's me against  my peers.  I need an advocate  who's not going   to be influenced  by his military  status, sir.  Good point.  So I did some   research, sir,  and discovered   that Mr. Kaliski had successfully  defended  a military client  in the JAG courtroom. In fact, he beat  Colonel MacKenzie. Look, Major,   if there's a confidence issue,  maybe I should remove myself   from this case altogether.  Don't make me handcuff you   to my wrist, Commander.  You're invaluable to me.  I want to be able to draw   upon your knowledge  of military law and procedure.  Who does the litigating? We share!  You want me on   this case, Major? I do, sir.  (sighs)  What's your strategy?  (laughing)  We emphasize  Major Lasley's responsibility  to the overall exercise.  We use a respectful  junior officer  to present him as  a well-prepared leader.  We present examples   of training exercises  performed   in challenging weather.  In other words,  we nail his image to the floor.  You'll lose.  Oh... that hurts.  Okay.  So where's my flaw?  We need to pinpoint culpability  for members of the major's unit. Your evidence?  Well, that's yet to be found.  Even if you dig up something   you can sell, it's too risky.  It'll make him look  like he's shifting  the responsibility  to his men.  Better to suggest  culpability.  They'll have a clear shot   at the major.  Come on, Commander, we're building the  man of steel here. Their bullets will   bounce off his chest! (grunts)  Oh, thanks.  Not a problem. Whoo!  (grunts)  I got to start eating  my spinach.  What's your max? 275 on a good day.  Yours?  315.  Ooh, impressive.  It's incentive driven.  What do you get,   a gold star?  Try Gold Label.  (laughing)  It's expensive stuff.  Yeah, it is.  Who's your C.O.?  Major Lasley. Captain Tripp. Gunnery Sergeant  Galindez, sir.  Please excuse  the informality.  Not a problem,   Gunnery Sergeant.  You the major's  X.O., sir?  I am.  How's he doing?  Ah, the major will be fine.  Ooh!  He never lands on his head.  And why's that, sir? We won't let him.  (Tripp grunts, inhales deeply)  ♪ Just tell me how   I got this far ♪  ♪ Just tell me why you're here   and who you are ♪  ♪ 'Cause every time I look,   you're never there ♪  ♪ And every time I seek,   you're always there ♪  ♪ 'Cause you're   everywhere to me ♪  ♪ And when I close my eyes,   it's you I see... ♪  (volume lowers)  Lisa?!  I can't hear it now.  ♪ I'm not alone ♪  Who's this?  Michelle Branch.  Uh... she, um,   copied your look.  (scoffs) Going out?  Uh-huh.  Where?  To meet a friend.  Is this a, uh, male friend?  We're just going to talk.  Why don't you invite  him over the house?  No way!  That's the rule. My mother's rule.  I agree with it.  (sighs)  Why is everyone  in the navy so tense?!  Why are you so defensive?  You expecting something   to happen?  I know what I'm doing.  I bet that young man's   counting on the fact  that you don't.  Good-bye.  Lisa, how fast is your car?  What, are you planning   on following me?  Everywhere you go.  (shouts)  (sighs)  (whispering):   I love teenagers.  Lieutenant Gladden, you were   the raid force commander  the night of the incident?  I was, ma'am.  Would you tell the court   what happened  as you approached   the beach?  Both the C.R.R.C.s capsized  in the high surf, ma'am.  The undertow was fierce,  so first thing  I dumped  some of my heavier equipment,  surfaced, looked around...  Heads were bobbing  all over.  The beach was  100 meters off.  As I started in,  I was bumped by the second boat  which was belly-up  a pair of legs sticking out   from underneath.  They were kicking...   pretty hard.  Was this Lieutenant Venuto? As I found out later,  yes, ma'am.  He was tangled   in the boat's equipment lines.  I tried to pull him free.  I yanked so hard  that his left boot came off.  But by that time, his legs  had stopped moving.  Did you try to cut him free?  No, ma'am,   the surf was too rough.  The boat got away from me.  Thank you, Lieutenant.  Your witness.  The defense has no questions  at this time, Your Honor.  Lieutenant  Gladden,  why do you  believe  Lieutenant Venuto  became tangled  in the boat's   equipment lines? I don't know, sir;   I was on the other boat.  Did anyone else   on the boat have  this problem?  No, sir, not that I'm aware of.  Could that be because they were seated  out of the way   of the equipment  and were not vulnerable  to the possibility   of entanglement?  Objection. The defense   is asking for an opinion.  Sustained.  Don't do that, Commander.  I'm sorry, Your Honor.  Nothing further.  Hang on, please.  Not to have crossed   would have been bad lawyering.  Members would enter   the deliberation room  with those images in mind.  At least now there's   a question of culpability.  We're not going for culpability.  Where have you been?  You're making a mistake.  We interviewed the Marines   in Lieutenant Venuto's boat.  Not one said anything   about his vulnerability.  Because they were concentrating   on ten-foot surf.  They weren't looking at him,   which means  the possibility exists.  We can't prove it.  We don't have   to prove anything.  All we have to do is   shoot holes in their theories.  What is it with you   and ballistic imagery?  This is a courtroom,   not Omaha Beach!  Now you listen to me.  I'm sitting first chair here.  You want to   participate? You pass every thought every idea, every impulse   by me first.  Is that understood?  And if I don't?  I'll file a grievance with the  Judge Advocate General's Office. Are you aggrieved,   Mr. Kaliski?  (engine starts)  KALISKI:   Captain Tripp,   would you explain  your professional  relationship with Major Lasley?  TRIPP:  I'm his Executive Officer.  Can you tell me how the major   prepares his men  for an exercise?  He stresses three areas:  preparation, teamwork   and physical conditioning.  The major does   the briefings himself.  He uses charts, audio-visual   and other aids.  In fact, hasn't the major   been the source  of good-natured ribbing   concerning these briefings?  Yes, sir.  They call him Major Workload.  (light laughter)  What are your duties,   Captain?  I'm in charge  of making sure all aspects of  the exercise  are fully coordinated. The major's big   on communication. KALINSKI:  And what about  personal conditioning?  TRIPP:  Our unit has the highest PFT  scores three years running.  Major Lasley believes casualties  should never be the result  of unfit personnel.  Had these men been trained  under difficult  weather conditions?  TRIPP:  Yes, they had, sir.  KALINSKI:  Was there a problem  during training?  No, sir.   Any reason to  believe these men could not handle the conditions   presented to them?  None at all, sir.  Did anyone in your unit   on the night of the exercise  question the wisdom of launching  under such conditions?  No, sir.  Thank you.  Your witness.  So, Captain,  given your testimony  would you say that Major   Lasley's men believe in him?  Yes, I would, ma'am.  Is he good to them? Yes, ma'am.  In what way?  Excuse me, ma'am?  Well, does he buy them gifts?  He has.  Has he ever bought you  any gifts, Captain?  TRIPP:  Yes, ma'am,  all within regulations.  Does he let his men have fun?  Within reason.  Captain, isn't there   an understanding in your unit  that certain rules   can be bent  as long as the   major receives   complete allegiance in return?   Objection.   Irrelevant!  Where are you going   with this, Colonel?  To the heart  of the Captain's testimony, sir. We're allowed  to impeach.  Overruled.  Captain, I'm talking   about the kind of loyalty  where responsibility  is diverted away  from the top.  Answer the question, Captain.  I'm not sure   I understand it, sir.  Has any member of your unit   consciously taken the heat  for the major?  That may have happened, ma'am.  Whoa, you...  Sorry.  It's okay.  No problem.  Hey, look.  I don't want to get  into it, Harm.  All right.  Yeah, where are you headed?  I thought   I'd take a quick nap.  Oh. I'm going to take a swim,   maybe do a header off the bow.  Harm... I... I feel bad   for you in there.  Must be hard to watch  from the rear seat  when you know   you could do better. Tell me about it.  The guy's handing you the case.  Or I'm taking it from him.  Yeah, well, you know.  Either way, it's a cake walk   for you, huh?  That's because   your client's guilty  and a bad Marine to boot.  Since when does challenging  your men make you a bad Marine?  It's easy to push people  knowing you don't have   to take the fall  if things go south. Mac, why would he   have risked it?  I mean, what was to be gained   from it?  If he didn't believe   his men could handle it,  why send them out there?  I don't know.  That's for you to figure out.  Well, what makes  you think I won't?  ROSSBACH:   Why are you calling   this late, Admiral?  Should I be worried?  Well...  Lisa snuck out   and hasn't come back.  Admiral, you know  what my nickname is aboard ship? Captain Mom.  Do you see  the irony in that?  The difference is that   our children are not obligated  by regulation to obey our rules. Are you saying   I'm a bad mother, sir?  No, Merrill.  I'm saying that you're   a damn good captain,  a squared-away officer,  but because of that,   your sense of command  can't help but filter down   to your daughter.  Do you have a suggestion  on how to rectify this, Admiral? Well, yeah,   but it comes with a price.  Is this based on your experience  with your own daughter?  (chuckles)  The road not taken.  You rarely talk about her, A.J.  That's 'cause I rarely see her.  Here they are, sir. Are you looking   for anything in   particular, sir? Looking for some help,  Lieutenant.  I'll assist you   any way I can, sir. Are any of these seaworthy?  My boat, sir. Well, you feel like taking her   for a ride?  GLADDEN:  We encountered lightning  at about this point, sir.  Did anything happen   as a result?  No, sir.  Carry on.  Yes, sir.  I made an angle shift  about right here, sir.  Do it.  Yes, sir.  Slow us down.  Yes, sir.  The waves seem  to be breaking a little harder on this angle.  Can you get us in closer?  Yes, sir.  (clattering)  (engine stops)  What was that, sir?  Sandbar.  CHEGWIDDEN:  Miss him?  (sighs)  What are you doing here?  Looking for my  goddaughter.  Well, she's not  coming back to you.  She doesn't belong to me. I didn't go see that boy.  You ruined it for me.  Well, my apologies  if I don't feel guilty   about that.  I could always talk to my dad.  You can still talk   to your mother.  She doesn't know   a thing about me.  She knew where to find you.  Big deal!  She sent you to take care of it. ROSSBACH:   Not this time. (sighs)  Lisa? I love you.  New evidence.  Make any sense to you?  Sure does.  What does it say?  That I'm innocent. RABB:   Corporal Bardu,  what were your duties  during the preparation   for the exercise?  I was in charge  of distributing  all briefing materials, sir.  Did you distribute  oceanographic charts, Corporal?  I did, sir.  The originals? No, sir. We were short   on originals.  I had to make copies.  RABB:  At the original size?  BARDU:  Well, they were too big  for the machine, sir,  so I had to reduce them.  By how much, Corporal?  40 percent, sir.  Lieutenant, can you see   a sandbar on this chart copy?  No, sir, the scale is  insufficient to reveal it, sir.  So you were unaware of it   the night of the exercise? Yes, sir.  Is it in the way of your   designated approach route? Just to the left, sir.  RABB:  Doesn't give you much  of an alley, does it?  GLADDEN:  No, sir.  Did you lead your team   over that sandbar, Lieutenant?  I'm afraid I did, sir.  Not knowing it was there,  I made an approach adjustment  that subjected us  to increased surf activity.  Now, how did you make   this adjustment, Lieutenant?  With my compass, sir.  It was pretty stormy out there   and hard to read,  but thinking we had room,  I figured a few degrees   one way or the other  wouldn't matter, sir.  Well, why did you have to use   your compass?  Why couldn't you follow  the infrared chemical markers   into the beach?  There was only one   chem marker visible, sir,  so I couldn't line us up.  (knocking) Getting comfortable, sir?  Heading out, Lieutenant.  I thought we were going   to have a meeting, sir.  We are. We can talk  during our run.  (laughs)  We're running?  We look like we have   the same size shoe.  A little worn,  but those should work.  Well, exactly how far   are we running, sir?  It's eight miles   to my apartment.  I can drive you  back from there.  I jog to and from work.  Is that a problem,  Lieutenant?  No, no, sir.  It's just   I'm a little confused, sir.  I thought you mentioned   something about refreshments.  Trail mix.  Trail mix?  Energy food.  Sir, does this have anything   to do with my weight?  This is about your career,   Lieutenant.  Sergeant Batacan,  you placed the I-R chem markers   on the beach?  In advance  of the assault team, sir.  Did you place them  as indicated by the attack plan? Yes, sir.  I could see them as we headed  back into the surf.  Why was only  one visible  to the raid force   commander, Sergeant? I don't know, sir.  Did the exercise   begin on schedule? It was delayed one hour, sir.  Did you take into account   the rising tide  when you placed   the lower marker, Sergeant?  No, sir, I'm afraid I did not.  Is it possible,  then, Sergeant  that that marker   was washed away?  Probable, sir.  Captain Huddleston... why did you convince  Major Lasley  to delay the   exercise, sir? I was unhappy  with our position in the water.  I felt that because  of the bad weather  that it would subject  the assault team to undue risk,  and I thought that repositioning  would be helpful.  Sir, I'd like to review   for you what I now understand  to be the circumstances   of that evening.  If the exercise   had been allowed to  happen on schedule  the lower chem-marker  would not have   been swallowed  by the advancing tide.  The raid force commander could   then have properly lined up  on the beach,   avoided the sandbar  and the resulting  high surf.  Does this suggest anything   to you, sir,  about your role in this tragedy? Yes.  That it's possible   that I contributed.  Thank you, sir.  Sir, if the launch was   aborted and rescheduled  during calmer conditions,  would there have been  ten-foot swells at the sandbar?  No.  Thank you.  (overlapping chatter)  What did she want? She's looking  for a settlement.  The commander pulled this one  out of his hat.  So what do  we do, sir? I need you to do me a favor   now, Major.  Anything, sir.  I want to put you on the stand  so that you can accept  responsibility for the incident. (laughs)  Funny, sir.  I'm serious.  Why in the world   would I do that?  Because it will show   the members  that you have the integrity   and the maturity  to accept accountability  regardless of the mistakes made   by others.  I agree with him, Major.  It's time to put yourself back  in the hands of your peers.  You need to show the members  that you're one of them.  But I'm not. They all resent me. If I give them the opportunity,   they'll put it to me.  Major, it's a matter of trust.  No, sir. It's a matter   of right and wrong.  The evidence speaks for itself.  The evidence is still open   to interpretation.  The members could still decide  that the safest choice was   to abort the mission.  This way, you show them  that you're willing  to accept that possibility.  But I'm not.  Nor should any leader  who prepares his men   properly... sir.  Forget it.  I'm not testifying.  WOMAN:   Major Warren Lasley...  United States  Marine Corps  on the charge and   specification of   negligent homicide this court-martial   finds you not guilty. On the charge   and specification of dereliction   of duty, the court  finds you guilty.  JUDGE:   This court is dismissed.  (gavel bangs)  (murmuring)  KALISKI:   I love this stuff.  Looking for someone?  Yeah, a friend. I couldn't find  her below.  A "she," huh?  Don't understand  how men and women  get it on in the military.  It's got to be daunting.  Serious?  Maybe not.  Bird's ready, sir. ♪ ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 