JAG: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 JAG 
 s1e3 - Shadow - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 JAG (1995–2005): Season 1, Episode 3 - Shadow - full transcript 
 A vendor has placed an experimental torpedo and a civilian technician aboard a nuclear fast-attack submarine of the US Navy. After the boat fires the fish during an authorized exercise, the tech sends it on a mission of his own -- to shadow a cruise ship nearby until the US government pays a ransom. The JAG of the Navy sends Harm and a second lawyer, Ltjg. Meg Austin, to investigate and negotiate aboard the submarine. Mind games ensue. Meg, an expert in weapon and computer systems, eventually gets into the tech's laptop computer and the program by which he has controlled his torpedo. Harm and Meg save the day. Meg continues as Harm's new partner. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Surface contact. Bearing 040. Speed, 20 knots. Range, 6,000 yards. Designating this contact, sierra 7. Helm, come right to 275. Right, 275. Aye. Helm coming right to 275. Bingo. Sonar signature matches test target, sir. I have visual confirmation. Start a target motion analysis, Mr Scott. Aye, skipper. Commencing target motion analysis. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Is your torpedo ready, Mr Grover? Mr Grover? What? Can we fire the Shadow? Ah, yeah. Sure, anytime. Thank you. XO? We have a firing solution, sir. Fire one. Fire one. Firing! Aye, sir! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Tube one fired directly, sir. Torpedo in the water. 40 knots and accelerating. 50. 60. 70 knots. This sucker's faster than my Geo. (Crew laughing) You've impressed my sonar LPO, Mr Grover. And you? I drive a Porsche. Remaining steady at 15 feet. 75 knots. Range to target, 2,000 yards and closing. 1,500. All right, Mr Grover. Let's see if your Shadow can live up to its name. Close to 500 yards and hold. Done. 1,000 yards to target. Torpedo's slowing, sir. Torpedo has matched target's speed and is maintaining, a 500-yard separation, sir. I'll be damned. And it'll stay behind that destroyer for the next 12 hours? Unless I order it to attack. Or shift to another target. What do you think of my Shadow now, Commander? I'll tell you in 12 hours, Mr Grover. Torpedo's diving, sir! 50 feet! 100. Speed accelerating to 50 knots. 10 degrees down angle. Ahead full. 10 degrees down angle. Ahead full. 10 degrees down. Aye. What's happening, Mr Grover? Torpedo passing through 500 feet. Thermocline's at 650. 600. Sonar range losing signal. 650. I'm losing contact, sir. We're under the thermocline. Grisham, we're under the thermocline. I know, sir! But there's nothing out there. Mr Grover? Where the hell's your torpedo gone? On a mission. JAG Good morning. Good morning, Mr President. Anybody know anything about this helicopter? It's not on the schedule. Come on, somebody. Talk to me! All right. I'm on it. Come on. Give me your hand, Lieutenant. Impressive pickup, sir. I thought you'd appreciate it, Lieutenant. I don't know if the President did. The President? What's this about, Commander? Lieutenant? Sir? Lieutenant Austin's been assigned to this investigation with you. Well, I'm sure Lieutenant Austin is an excellent lawyer, Commander. Thank you, sir. But, Lieutenant Pike and I have a working relationship, sir. We're a team. Not anymore. Admiral Brovo made her his aide. He replaced you? After the Senate grilled me on the Seahawk incident, the Admiral thought it would be in JAG's best interest, if I... got out of Dodge for a while. Meaning, Washington, of course. Kate sends her regrets. You know Kate? Well enough for her to warn me, sir. About what? That's privileged information, Lieutenant. Lieutenant Austin, is a computer weapons specialist. I thought you were a lawyer? I'm multi-talented, sir. I'm sure you are, Lieutenant. No, you're not, sir. But in time I'll prove it to you. Modesty is something I've always admired in an officer. I'm not immodest, sir. Just straightforward. Comes from being raised in Texas. Lieutenant Austin, will you please get on with your briefing? We only have until midnight. What happens at midnight? You turn into a pumpkin? No, sir. A couple of thousand people die. He sent the Shadow after a cruise ship. Says he'll sink it if we don't deliver him and $40 million in gold to these coordinates by midnight. That's inside Cuban territorial waters, skipper. He's probably got an accomplice with a boat, which is pretty damn smart. We can't follow him into Cuba. Sir, why don't we stuff his tubby little body, inside the number one tube, and threaten to launch him unless he recalls the Shadow? Somehow I don't think that will do any good. Anyway, it's out of our hands now. JAG? They're sending us lawyers? Yeah. To evaluate and negotiate. But if that torpedo sinks a cruise ship, the only thing they'll be evaluating will be why I let it happen. Weapons assessment ordered that test, skipper. They stuck us with that civilian techno-pirate. It's my boat, XO. It's happening on my watch. And that makes it my responsibility. It shouldn't be too difficult to find the cruise ship, and destroy the torpedo. There are 17 cruise ships in the Caribbean at the moment. And he says any attempt to interfere with him or the Shadow will cause it to immediately sink one of them. And you believe him? That's what you're to find out. Who the hell is this guy? His name is Dirk Grover. He designed the Shadow's software programme. That's why he was conducting the test. It's a brilliant weapons system. Using Shadow torpedoes, an attack sub could fire at a number of targets, leave the area, then sink them. Sounds like a brilliant way to hold up Fort Knox. What if I think he's telling the truth? That's the President's decision. If I get my hands on his computer, I'll crack his code and disarm the Shadow. And what if you can't? I've deciphered computer codes in as little as 30 seconds, sir. And as long as? Three days. But that was in Chinese. There she is. Hook them up. 8:00, skipper. On a calm day, this would be tough. In these seas, it'll be damn near impossible. If I don't think you can make it, I'll pull you back up. I'll make it, sir. Watch your back. She's going to get killed! Pick her up! No, I can do it! Man overboard! Portside! Get a SEAL in the water! Damn it! Lawyers? Yes, sir. Do you have a suicide complex, Lieutenant? You're the one who jumped from 50 feet, sir! What was I supposed to do, with you in the water? Permission to come aboard, sir. I ought to deny it. What kind of fool stunt were you two trying to pull out there? It was the only way we could get onboard, sir. You're a woman. Yes, sir. Lieutenant Austin is also a computer weapons expert, sir. Cob, make sure these officers get coffee and dry uniforms. Then bring them to the conn. Aye, aye, sir. Mr Grover's feeling very full of himself. He's taken over my stateroom, and at the moment's enjoying pizza and bug juice. Bug juice? Kool-aid. How is Mr Grover controlling the Shadow from your stateroom, sir? He's got a laptop. Connected to weapons control? It's not connected to anything. It's battery-powered. And you haven't taken it from him, sir? No, Lieutenant. Mr Grover claims he must periodically transmit to the Shadow, or it'll sink that ship. Sir, to control the Shadow from a laptop it would have to be hardwired to the torpedo or a sonar transducer. Then how in hell did he control the Shadow when we launched it? I don't know, sir. Perhaps he has an accomplice onboard. My crew is bright, dedicated, and, above all, loyal, Lieutenant. So rather than investigating them, I suggest you put your time into exploring, how Mr Grover's computer could be linked to the Shadow. Sorry, sir. I wasn't accusing your crew. Just... theorising. JAG theories have a way of turning into court-martials. With all due respect, sir, we have to investigate all possibilities, no matter how unlikely. Then I suggest you begin by investigating the most likely. XO, escort these officers to Mr Grover. Aye, aye, skipper. Follow me. Watch your heads. Sir. Kennedy. I thought nuclear subs were big. Those are the boomers and missile boats. We're an attack boat, small, compact. Deadly to anyone over 5'2". You've warmed up, Lieutenant. You're sweating. It's the coffee, sir. Cup? Cup? In there. New faces. Oh oh oh. A female...? And a looker, too! Was that psych-ops' idea? JAG's. I'm Lieutenant Rabb. This is Lieutenant Austin. JAG, of course! How typical of the cost-cutting Navy. Have you assess me and their civilian liability at the same time. How liable is the Navy? You're the extortionist, not the Navy. Still, a Navy torpedo fired from a Navy submarine. It'll have those P.I. Lawyers in a feeding frenzy. You're sweating, honey. Does the thought of all those lawsuits frighten you? No, sir. And the name's Lieutenant Austin. Not Honey. Well, how politically incorrect of me. The two of you have first names? Meg. Harm. Good. I'm Dirk, but you'll address me as sir or Mr Grover. Whatever you say, sir. That's right. We do whatever I say. And I say, since the lives of a couple thousand rum-drinking tourists, are at stake, that we get down to business. Now, if you're thinking of taking my laptop, I'd advise against it. I have to contact Shadow at random intervals or it will complete its attack on the cruise liner. Now, I bet you're wondering, how can my laptop, reach the Shadow through a hundred miles of seawater? That question did occur, sir. "That question did occur," "sir." That's cute, Meg. I like it. Well, the answer is, it's my little secret. Which means you're bluffing, sir. Want to risk it? Yes, sir. No, sir. He he. Chicken. Chicken, Harm. But, smart. Now, realising that words alone aren't going to convince you, I've arranged for a little, demonstration. Where did you go to law school, Meg? Princeton? Princeton doesn't have a law school. Quite right. In five seconds, a seawater pipe in the forward escape chamber, will burst. (Beep) (Beep) (Beep) Come on! Move it, people! (Fire alarm sounding off) What is it? The outer hatch? I don't know. Looks like the flood valve. Escape chamber's flooding, sir. We're dogging down the inner hatch. I chose an escape chamber because it's easily sealed and won't endanger the integrity of the ship. We may not sink, but you risk flooding the conn, and then none of us are going anywhere. The crew is too well-trained to let that happen, Harm. You've got to dog it down now! Secured. Well done. Inner hatch is dogged down, sir, but the chamber's flooded. 'The hell happened? I don't know, sir. Either the outer hatch or a flood valve failed. Somebody kill that damn horn. Aye, sir. Get yourself some dry clothes. Aye, skipper. This is the Captain. We've had failure in the forward escape chamber. Flooding's been contained, and does not, I repeat, not affect our seaworthiness. See? Just as I predicted. Don't you hate it when the bad guy's so good? No. Makes nailing his ass that much more satisfying. I trust I've made my point. My computer and I can be quite lethal. And, if necessary, I'll sink not only the cruise liner, but the Tigershark as well. And drown yourself in the process, sir? I'm prepared to die. And the innocent people on that cruise ship? They have enough money for a Caribbean cruise, they're not so innocent. Besides, it's up to the Navy to save them now. They don't even have to know they've sailed into harm's way. Ha ha ha ha ha. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, Harm. I couldn't resist. Now, I suggest that you report back that unless my demands are met, a navy torpedo is going to, BOOM. sink a cruise liner and ruin everyone's day. Hehehe. Dismissed. Meg, if you'd like to stay, I could offer you some cold pizza and a, cup of vintage bug juice. No, thank you, sir. I said, dismissed! Why do I always attract nerds? Maybe it's the uniform. I was not made for this Billy Barty habitat. What's wrong? Nothing, sir. You're claustrophobic, aren't you? Me? No. I just... The hell you're not. Why didn't you say something? It's never been this bad. You've never been on a submarine! What are you gonna do? Relieve you, get someone out here who can do the job. You can't do that, sir. My career would be over. Yeah, but right now a couple of thousand lives are a little more important than your naval career, Lieutenant, which wouldn't be over. You'd be assigned duties unaffected by your phobia. What? Just shuffling papers in some JAG office? It would have a window. That is not funny, sir! No, but it's honest, which is a little more than you've been. Look, damn you! Don't you dare... Watch it, Lieutenant, or your naval career will be over, here and now. Sorry, sir. I apologise, sir. Look at you. You're coming apart like a paper doll. Look, just give me a chance to beat this! I don't think you can. You don't like me because I replaced Kate. No, I don't like you because you didn't disqualify yourself from this mission. That, at least, I would have respected. The hatch is open, I'm going in. The flooding pipe is ruptured near the valve. It doesn't appear to be a structural failure, sir. More like a charge detonated from inside the pipe. Can you fix it? Yes, sir. But it will take about an hour. No. Negative that. Return to the ship. Aye, aye, sir. Grover did this? Yes, sir. Detonated it from his laptop to demonstrate he can do what he threatens. It still doesn't prove he's in control of the Shadow, sir. Got my attention, Lieutenant. Sir, his laptop may have a small transmitter, strong enough to radio-detonate an explosive device, within the sub, but it could not possibly transmit beyond the hull. Could he use it to activate one of our transmitters? Then it would be a sonar transducer, not a transmitter. Wouldn't everyone in Sonar know it then, sir? Maybe Lieutenant Rabb believes my sonar people, are in league with Mr Grover. Not necessarily, sir. The Tigershark's a new boat. A sonar transducer could have been hidden in her hull, during construction. Even if that's true, he could only maintain contact, for a few thousand yards. Which would explain how he controlled that Shadow when it was launched. Could be. But I'd bet my life he's not in control now, sir. It wouldn't just be your life you'd be betting, Lieutenant. XO, have Sonar take a look at those tapes. If there were any signals emanating from this boat, I want to know about it. Aye, aye, skipper. See, that would also explain how an explosive device, got hidden inside that flood pipe, sir. During construction? Yes, sir. And if we're to believe Mr Grover, there isn't just one. Admiral Brovo's ducking this one, isn't he? No, sir! The Admiral was called to the UN to consult on the feasibility of prosecuting Bosnian war crimes. He might as well consult on the mating of mules. Mules are sterile, sir. You ever been under fire, Commander? Ah.. Ah.. Ah. Me, sir? That's what I thought. No mayo. For 23 years I've been telling her, a ham sandwich isn't a ham sandwich without mayo. You eat it. Yes, sir. Based on your recommendation, the President has decided to pay the ransom out of our budget. Hmm. Sir, begging the Admiral's pardon, it wasn't just my recommendation, sir. It was also, Lieutenant Rabb's assessment of the situation that... Does everyone at JAG crawfish like you, Commander? Sir, I didn't mean to imply that it was... I was... Here are your orders, Commander. One, you will transfer the bullion from the Federal Bank in Miami to the Tigershark. Two, you will have the Tigershark deliver the bullion and Grover, to the Cuban coast by midnight. And three, and this is the most important, Commander. If you accomplish one and two, your next duty station will be the Arizona. The Arizona's at the bottom of Pearl Harbour, sir, I... Get that torpedo, back. Being underwater, The satellite can't pick up our thermal signature, like it does surface vessels. We're, here, and all boxed images, are the thermal signatures from cruise ships. And how do you tell cruise ships from tankers or freighters? The brightest blips are cruise ships. I guess all those mating couples put out a lot of heat. Actually, the cruise ships generate more heat, because of the passengers and facilities. What's this? It seems to be a cluster of ships. That's our carrier task force led by the Theodore Roosevelt. Her anti-submarine aircraft are hunting for the Shadow. They can't cover all these ships before midnight. How would you know that? I was a naval aviator before becoming a lawyer, sir. We need to narrow the search. It's a larger ship with a couple of thousand passengers onboard, approximately 100 nautical miles from here. Assuming Mr Grover wasn't lying. He told you which ship he targeted? Not exactly, sir. He made some verbal slips. Mr Grover doesn't make verbal slips, Lieutenant. When was the Shadow launched? A little over six hours ago. Can I see the ops manual on the Shadow? That's top secret. Weps. Skipper. These JAG officers would like to ask a few questions. What's the maximum speed the Shadow can maintain for 12 hours? Depending on sea conditions, 20, 25 knots. Why the hell didn't I think of that? Right. Twelve hours at 25 knots. We can eliminate any ships beyond 300 miles. Still leaves nine ships. What's the target acquisition range for the Shadow? 30,000 yards. Any cruise ships that close when it was fired? No. Of course not. Far too risky. The nearest civilian ship was at least 30 miles over the horizon. Isn't that proof that Grover's bluffing? He didn't have a target close enough to lock onto. No, he could have vectored it toward one. It would lock on once it got within acquisition range. He'd need an accurate position fix to do that. How could he get one? From me. Grover hung over my shoulder while I checked with the satellite, to see if there was any civilian activity in the test zone. I thought he was just curious. So he probably sent the Shadow in the direction of one of these ships. The question is still, which one? It wouldn't have been one of the farther ships. The longer his intercept took, the more chance for error. Target could change course, speed up, or slow down. So he picked something close. Yeah. Probably one of these three. At high speed, the Shadow could acquire the target in less than 30 minutes. XO, get a message off to the Roosevelt with coordinates, on these three ships. Tell them to check them first. Aye, aye, skipper. If you'll excuse us, sir. We'll have another go at Mr Grover. Sure. He's a pilot. Yeah, well, he's not a submariner. 300 and 400 yards... Suck it up, Lieutenant. Just get me his computer. Not until I'm certain taking it from him won't sink that ship. I disagree, sir. Duly noted. You're coming apart again. I'll handle it. Why not use it? What? Well, have a little pizza and bug juice with him. Seeing you vulnerable might help drop his guard. What? You want me to play the faint-hearted female? I don't want you to play anything, Lieutenant. Where's your partner? Radioing Washington that you're everything you say you are, sir. He's not as dumb as he looks. Yes, he is. Ohhh.... Dissension in the ranks? I don't agree with him. Well, perhaps I could give you another, demonstration. Why is someone who's obviously as brilliant as you doing this? The prom queen called the nerd brilliant. He'll tell her anything. What the hell? Why not? Three years ago, I designed a computer programme that typed in English, and printed out in Japanese. It was worth millions. But, because I was employed by the government, all I got was my salary. Can't afford Caribbean cruises with girls like you on a government salary. That doesn't seem fair. I almost believe you meant that. It's just a little course correction. I've been playing the tape over and over again, looking for coded sonar burst transmissions, but they're impossible to distinguish from the background noise. Well, it was an idea. And a good one, sir. It helped me figure out how we lost the Shadow. Now, that's the Shadow just before it entered the thermocline. And there's where I lose it. Now, I should have picked it back up, once we went through the layer, but I didn't. Except for... Did you see that? Not really. That's all right, sir. I didn't see it the first time, either. There. Did you see that? Maybe. That fish fart was the Shadow. Colourfully put. Well, it... The thermocline blocks the sonar signal from either side. So, as we went through, he sent the Shadow back up. So, that fish fart was all I picked up before the thermocline blocked the sonar signal again. So, Grover had control of the Shadow from his laptop. Ah. Yes, sir. I mean, that, that stunt took split second timing to pull off, and he's over there playing with his keyboard the whole time. How far were you from the Shadow when you lost contact? About 4,000 yards. So we can assume that Grover can control the Shadow from at least that distance. Yes, sir. But, I agree with your female lieutenant that, even if he had a transducer hidden in the hull, it couldn't transmit much beyond that. Thanks, Grisham. Just nail the bastard, sir. Will do. It's a little like being buried alive, isn't it? Trapped in a steel coffin. Covered with water, instead of dirt. S-Stop it. Would you do something? Just anything. Just... Just distract me. Like what? Do you have a computer game? Ugh... I'm not stupid. It doesn't have to be anything to do with the Shadow. Just, just a game. Everybody has a... Everybody has a game in their computer. Please. Just do something to get my mind off these damn walls. Please. Weps. Lieutenant. Who cleared Grover? Weapons assessment. How high? Top secret. Heh, He he. He he. What'd you fly, Lieutenant? Tomcats. From Tomcats to JAG? I broke one. They wouldn't give me another one. How'd you do that? Night vision problem. Tough break. I can live with it. Woo, woo woo. no, no, no. You're going to... You're going to hit... Go back. You'd better not fly choppers, Meg. What else you got? Well... (Exhaling) (Exhaling) Lieutenant Rabb? Sir. We've been ordered to rendezvous, with a helo and pick up the gold. Then deliver it and Mr Grover to Cuban waters, before midnight. Your mission here is over, Lieutenant. Owh! Yeah, yeah. You're not... Don't use the... Go past it. Run. Right. Right. Don't you ever knock? They're going to pay, Mr Grover. He he he Ohhh. Ha ha ha, Ohhh. I'll be damned. Somebody in the government finally made the right decision. I don't think so. Don't be a damn fool. I can't. I have to keep in contact with Shadow. Slap that bastard in irons. With pleasure, sir. You can't do this. They're going to pay. Are you resisting arrest, Mr Grover? Damn you. Okay, Lieutenant. You've been after me to get you his computer. You got it. I just hope to hell his code's not in Chinese. It's my boat, you don't use your initiative without consulting me first, mister. It was my decision to make. I'll accept the consequences. Damn right, you'll accept the consequences. Much as I'd like to tube that little twerp, my orders are very clear. Deliver him and the gold to Cuba. So, you return that computer and hope to God taking it didn't sink that ship. I don't believe he's in control of the Shadow, sir. You've been busting Lieutenant Austin's butt for saying that. Now you believe her? Now that I have enough data to confirm it. I concur, skipper. Then if the Roosevelt's aircraft can find the Shadow, they can take it out. No, sir. The Shadow's designed to torpedo its target, if pinged by attack sonar. All right then, we'll wait till it runs out of fuel, in two hours. It automatically attacks if it goes fuel critical, sir. Are you telling me no matter what we do that ship's going to the bottom? Unless, you can get us within 4,000 yards of the Shadow, sir. At that point, Lieutenant Austin can disengage the torpedo from the laptop. Skipper's on the conn. XO. Sir? Send this message immediately. Captain? This is our location. Here's the rendezvous point. This is our position. These are the three cruise ships. That's our rendezvous point off of Cuba. If we're to make the Shadow before midnight, we have to set a course for these ships now. For which one, Lieutenant? In the general direction of all three, sir, until the Roosevelt's aircraft find the Shadow. If her aircraft finds the Shadow, and if Washington agrees with your theory. That's my point, sir. The President has to make that decision. By the time he does that, it'll be too late to reach these ships. We have to abandon the helo rendezvous and change course now. You're asking me to disregard my orders, Lieutenant. No, sir. I'm asking you to use the initiative for which you submariners are famous. What are you smiling at? Is this really $100 million in gold, sir? Ha ha ha. Who told you that? A Marine. Haven't you learned to never believe a Marine? Yes, sir. It's only $40 million. We're heading back to Washington. We're turning back, sir. You sure? Yes, sir. We just received a message from the Tigershark, to abort the mission. They've done it. Oh he he. Oh, they've done it. They've done it. Oh he he. There's also a message for you from a Lieutenant Rabb, sir. Go ahead, go ahead. What is it? What is it? It must have been garbled, sir. He said something about crossing your fingers and toes. Flash message, sir. Skipper, one of the Roosevelt's aircraft detected an object in the water, 200 yards astern of the Carib Star. She's British, out of Bermuda, carrying 800 passengers and crew. They want to know if they should attempt to destroy it. Negative. We'll take it from here. Request a couple ships in the area to assist if needed. Aye, sir. What have you got, sir? Well, they found the Shadow, following a ship called the Carib Star. Helm, come left to course 0-9-0. Left to course 0-9-0. Aye. It's going to be close. Ahem. We won't reach the Star, for an hour and 40 minutes. That'll leave you 15 minutes, Lieutenant. Don't you have something to do, sir? I'm doing it. By bugging me? I'm lending moral support. You're in. No, it activated itself. I set off a trap. Another bomb's going to explode. Collision alarm. Who called the collision alarm? Lieutenant Rabb, sir. Grover's laptop activated another bomb. Lieutenant Austin's disarmed it. Where is it? The officer's wardroom. Isn't this the officer's wardroom? Surface contact. Bearing 0-1-0. Speed, 12 knots. Range, 14,000 yards. Designating this contact sierra eight. Come left, 0-1-0. Left, 010. Aye, sir. Sir, I'm picking up a second target. Designating sierra nine. Sierra nine is 200 yards astern of sierra eight, and travelling at the same speed. It's the Shadow, sir. Okay, Lieutenant. We got you this far. It's your show. Aye, aye, sir. It's on us. You mean me? No, I mean us. You know, this nerd could have made $40 million, designing computer games. He's good. Has a sense of humour. I usually get something obscene. Like? Never mind, sir. Now, when I get really close to cracking his code, this happens. (Beep) (Beep) Hey, hey, hey, hey. No, it's no problem. I know how to stop them. So, you're getting close? Yes, sir. But I'm not in yet. I've, I've penetrated four levels, two booby traps, and even found a fake programme that looks good, but does nothing. I know a woman like that. I didn't mean you, Lieutenant. Well, it fit, sir. I don't think I'm going to get in. Not in 20 minutes. Bring the schematic of the Tigershark back up. The one with the explosives. He placed them in the forward escape chamber, officer's wardroom, and desalination compartment. None of these are placed to sink us. He's not prepared to die. So, what's that give us? A chance. Skipper wants you up top. So, somebody came to their senses. You could say that. 6,000 yards and closing, sir. Ahead one-third. Confirming. Ahead one-third. We've found the Shadow, Mr Grover. Now, why don't I believe you? 200 yards astern of the Carib Star. We're not at the rendezvous? No, Mr Grover. You do not pass go. You do not collect $40 million. You go straight to jail. You are all lying! See for yourself. They're all going to die. If they do, you do. No, no, no, no. See, the computer's out of my hands. Whatever happens now is your responsibility, Harm. Sounds like you're setting up a legal defence. What happened to being willing to die? They're the ones who are gonna die! I did it! Impossible! Think again, jerk. I'm in. Shadow's altering course, sir. It's veering away from the Star. (Crew celebrates) Sir! Sir! Shadow's coming around to our bow, sir! It's making a new target! Lieutenant Austin? Working on it, sir. It's acquired us, sir. It won't respond. 3,000 yards and closing! Left, hard rudder! - Left, hard rudder. Aye, sir. - Turning left, hard rudder. Come on, Lieutenant. I'm trying. 2,500 yards and closing, sir. I told you. We're all going to die! Steady at 1-0-9. 1-0-9. Aye, sir. 2,000 yards and closing, sir. Fire decoys. Firing decoys, Captain. Decoys away. Right, hard rudder! Right, hard rudder. Aye, sir. 1,500 yards and closing. Sir, it's not following the decoys, sir. Emergency deep! 20 degrees down angle. Ahead flank! Rudder amidships. 20 degrees down angle. Aye. Ahead flank. Rudder amidships. Aye. 1,000 yards, sir. I can't do it. Nothing's working. 600 yards, sir. Sound collision alarm! Hit control, F9! Control, F-9! 300 yards and closing, sir. 3-3-1, Alt, Star Hit enter! Hit enter! That wasn't close. XO. Take the conn. Slow to one-third overall. Aye, aye, skipper. I have the conn. Ahead one-third. The Shadow wasn't attacking us. No, but you thought it was, sir. Mind if I stay up here till we make port, sir? As long as we don't dive. If we do, I think I'll try swimming. I owe you an apology, sir. For what? For what I thought about you when you were on my case. Thoughts are not insubordinate, Lieutenant. You kept me angry at you to take my mind off the claustrophobia. I did? Yes, sir. You did. You know, Meg, you're all right. In fact, I wouldn't mind being teamed with you again. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 