JAG: Season 3, Episode 23 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 JAG 
 s3e23 - Wedding Bell Blues - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 JAG (1995–2005): Season 3, Episode 23 - Wedding Bell Blues - full transcript 
 Bud's father and brother go to DC for the wedding. Bud's father causes much trouble, as does Harriet's mother. Harm's dress whites disappear, but he finds them. Mac bails Harm, Bud, and the admiral out of jail. The wedding goes beautifully. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  This way.  MAN:  Hey! Let's go!  I'm getti''  outta here! Yeah! What about us?  Get us outta here!  (door clanks)  Come with me.  How's the other guy look,  Lieutenant?  Major!  She doesn't look as bad   as he does.  She?   It's a long   story, ma'am.  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It better be a good one.  And what's your excuse?  Well, you wouldn't believe me   if I told you.  Bud, you're getting married  in a few hours.  I really appreciate you  coming down here, Major. I owe you one. One? You two owe me   a million.  You have any idea  what the Admiral's going to say  when he hears about this?  Oh...  I think he'll understand.  Following in   his father's footsteps  as a naval aviator,  Lieutenant Commander   Harmon Rabb Jr.  suffered a crash   while landing his Tomcat  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 on a storm-tossed carrier   at sea.  Diagnosed with night blindness, Harm transferred to the Navy's   Judge Advocate General Corps  which investigates, defends and  prosecutes the law of the sea.  There, with fellow JAG lawyer   Major Sarah MacKenzie,  he now fights in and out   of the courtroom  with the same daring   and tenacity  that made him a top gun   in the air.  MACKENZIE:   I can't believe   they detained you, Admiral.  That makes two of us.  Have you seen  Harriet, ma'am?  I really need to explain  to her what happened. I'd skip  the explanation, Bud,  and throw myself  on the mercy of the court.  What exactly   happened?  I have no idea. I think it started   a couple of days ago, when Rabb made  the headlines. Believe me, Admiral,  it wasn't me!  CHEGWIDDEN:   "A naval aviator ran amok  "at Washington's ultra hip club   Vertigo last night,  "bringing new meaning   to the old song  "'what do you do with  a drunken sailor?'  "The dashing top gun "was last seen mooning  police officers  before disappearing into  the night in full afterburner."  What are you guys   looking at me for?  You're the only   Lieutenant Commander I know  with wings and  a JAG insignia on the shoulder boards. Does kind of look  like you, Harm.  What do you think,   Carolyn?  Ooh, guilty as charged.  (both laughing)  It wasn't me, Admiral. For one thing,  I was here with  the Lieutenant until 2230  last night working on   the Holbart case. He was, sir.  And I don't even  have my dress whites   at the moment.  They're at the cleaners.  Harm Rabb.  R-A-B-B.  I don't see  your name, Ham.  Harm.  Ham!  I've been bringing   my uniforms here  for three years, Mr. Marvel.  Then you should be  in the computer.  Maybe they're  under your wife's name.  I'm not married.  Neela!  This handsome young man  who's very single  has lost his uniform.  (speaking Hindi)  No, I didn't lose my uniform.  You lost my uniform, sir.  Do you have a ticket?  No.  Why do you think  we give you a ticket?  It's "Lieutenant Commander  Harmon Rabb."  Service dress white  naval uniform.  My daughter works too hard.  I keep saying  she should go out more.  She's young.  She should have some more fun!  What do you think, Ham?  I think that you should  find my uniform, sir.  I have a wedding  on Saturday.  $9.65. Next time  bring your ticket.  This is not my uniform. Oh, yes, it is.  Naval dress  white uniform.  These are Ensign bars. This is not my uniform. Look.  What's wrong   with this picture? I do alterations.  (giggles)  (sighs)  Bud, you ready to go over  that Crothers file?  Uh, yes, ma'am. Is this part  of the Crothers file?  Uh, no, no. That's a, uh...  personal file  I'm just going  to get rid of. Are you okay, Bud?  I'm-I'm fine, ma'am. I'm just a little nervous-- you know, first  case and all.  Of course it couldn't  have anything to do  with the fact  that you're getting married  in three days, two hours  and 36 minutes?  May I?  Is this you?  Yeah. I, uh, wanted  to be a cowboy  when I grew up. What is all this? It's just my "future" file--  pictures of stuff that  I wanted to do in life.  You wanted  to be a rabbi?  I wanted to go  to the Holy Land.  And cruise   across America. (chuckling) I guess I don't need that,  now that I have Harriet.  So, uh, why are you   throwing it all away? I'm... probably not  going to get a chance  to do any of it, now  that I'm getting married.  Why not? Marriage  isn't about  losing your freedom, Bud, despite what you   may have been told by JAG's bachelor brigade. Being married is   about having someone to share your dreams with.  I know Harriet loves to travel.  And I bet she'd look pretty hot   on the back of a motorcycle.  (chuckling)  Yeah.  Thanks, Major.  You're welcome.  Oh, but... you might have  to give up the swimsuit model. Right.  WOMAN:   You've been blessed with the Beaumont  cleavage.  It's a crime  to hide it!  Mother, I want something   old-fashioned.  This is a wedding,  Harriet,  not an antique show.  Now turn around,   darling.  It's her wedding and she knows   what she wants. She has since  she was six.  And look where it's got her.  Mother...  I liked the one you tried on first, honey.  Why do you always   agree with Harriet? Just once, I would like for you   to agree with me.  I agree with you, Lydia--  when you're right.  Thank you, Dad.  I am just trying to keep her  from making any more mistakes.  And what was my first mistake,   Mother?  Never marry a man   named after a dog.  Dad!  ROBERT:   In Roth v. Higgins  it defines   the elements for desertion.  I think it really gives us  something to go on.  Have you considered going   for the lesser charge?  Unauthorized absence?   Yes!  Major, I have an ironclad case.  The penalties   are almost the same, Bud,  and it's easier to prove.  You don't think  I can do it.  Bud, Harm and I told the Admiral you were   ready to be trial counsel.  Maybe you were just being nice.  Okay, let's so for desertion.  What have you got?  I have...  all the elements to prove  intent to shirk  important service.  Seaman Crothers was   assigned to garbage duty when he absented himself  without authority.  Well, it's my intent  to argue  that all service  is important service,  no matter how trivial.  Ah. Sir, did you   find your uniform? No.  Sir, the wedding's  in three days!  I know, Bud.  And you're my best man. Bud...  Sir, it's a military ceremony.  If you're not wearing   your dress whites,  I don't even know  if you can go. Lieutenant!  Relax.  I'll have my dress whites.  Everything will run  like clockwork.  It's all going to be fine.  I'm sorry, sir.  I'm not acting  like I usually do.  Yeah, you are. Bud, it's natural   for the groom to be nervous.  But you've got nothing   to be worried about.  Harriet's got this wedding   planned better  than Desert Storm. What could go wrong? Buddy!  (laughing)  Dad! Please! Hey, son! Huh?  Hey, Buddy.   Hey, Mikey. Look at you. You've grown,   little brother. Well, you, too.  Look at you!  Hey, hey, hey, you going to   introduce your father  or do I have to do it? Lieutenant Commander Rabb,  Major MacKenzie,  this is...  Buddy's old man.  (chuckling)  Master Chief Roberts.  U.S.N.  Retired.  Well, it's nice   to meet you, sir.  I've heard a lot about you,   Commander.  And you, too, Major.  Too bad about your guy   getting shot, but...  the world's gone  all to hell.  Nice to meet you, Master Chief.  Hey, let's not stand   on formality.  My friends call me Bud.  Big Bud.  And this is  my brother, Mikey.  Sir, ma'am.  Shake hands... While you can.   Sorry, sir.  You won't be able to   once you enlist.  Ma'am.  So, uh...  Where's, uh... Henrietta?  Harriet. She's getting   her wedding dress altered.  Oh. Taken in or... Taken out?  (laughing) Hey, this isn't  a shotgun wedding, is it? No!  I just wondered  if you took after   your old man, son. (laughing) (Big Bud laughing)  I'm kidding.  It's not funny, Dad.  So, Mikey,   your brother tells us you're going  to art school.  Well, I hope to, sir. The Navy taught me all I ever needed to know  and it'll do   the same for you.  Bud, we have a witness to interview. Bud's trying his   first case tomorrow. I'm prosecuting.  You're no lawyer. Any commissioned   officer's qualified to prosecute  in a special court-martial,  Master Chief. Especially   since Bud passed his mid-year law finals   with honors.  Well, I guess it's, uh...  prosecuting's a lot easier   than defending.  I guess we better get going,   Major.  Mikey, it was great  seeing you.  Will I see you later? Absolutely.  Maybe you will,  maybe you won't. I'm taking Mikey  down to Norfolk to show him what the  real Navy is like. In fact,  I may enlist him.  No, you won't, Dad.  Yeah? Why not?  Because I'm in the wedding,   right, Bud?  Right.  Nice to meet you,  Master Chief.  (laughing)  It's what they all say, Major.  That reminds me.  Friday night I'm throwing  this little bon voyage party   for Buddy.  Couple of my ex-shipmates   will be there  and I'd like to invite you   and Admiral Chug-a-waggen.  Chegwidden.  I'd be delighted to come.  I'm sure the Admiral would, too. It's going to be one   of those old-fashioned, uh,  crossing-the-line   type ceremonies.  You know?  You have crossed  the line,   haven't you, Commander?  Only the equator, sir.  (laughing)  RABB:   This is not my uniform.  One-forty-seven.  One-forty-seven.  This is your uniform.  This is a police uniform. Mine are Navy dress whites. I'm a JAG lawyer. My brother-in-law  is the Johnnie Cochran  of Calcutta.  So don't threaten me, Ham.  I'm not threatening you,   Mr. Marvel.  I just want my uniform.  Look, this belongs  to Joe Garvey  I'm sure he probably  has my uniform.  You have an address  on this guy?  Yeah. He's  a good customer.  He's in the computer.  Give me his address.  Can't do that.  (speaking Hindi)  (laughs)  Okay, Ham, for you  I'll make an exception.  Thank you.  Don't thank me.  Thank my daughter  when you take her  out to dinner.  Are you ready,  Lieutenant Roberts?  Yes, sir, I am.  You may call  your first witness.  Yes, sir. Thank you, sir.  Government calls Edward Grainger  to the stand.  Mr. Grainger,  you own Metro Fuel?  Yes.  And you hired Robert Crothers   as a mechanic?  Yes. When Robert Crothers filled out   his employment application  did he tell you he was a seaman   in the United States Navy?  No.  Thank you, sir.  That will be all.  Robby's a good worker.  Your Honor...  The government has  no further questions.  I don't think it's fair  you don't let me tell   the whole story.  I'm going to give you  that chance, sir. Mr. Grainger, you say  that Mr. Crothers was   a good worker... Ensign.  Yes, sir. Could I speak  to you for one second, sir?  Speak away.  Uh, classified, sir.  Classified?  Operation Clove-hitch.  Clove-hitch?  Tying the knot, sir.  Oh.  That'll be all, Tiner.  Aye, sir. Ensign.  Ma'am, do you own an apartment   building at 56 Seventh Street?  Yes. And is Robert Crothers   a tenant at that address?  Yes, he is.  For how long?  Nine years.  And about how far away  from this apartment building  is Andrews Air Force Base?  Oh, about six minutes by car.  Thank you, ma'am.  No further questions.  That's all? Yes, ma'am.  Robby is my best tenant.  Ma'am, thank you.  That will be all. Your Honor, the government   has no further questions.  (intercom buzzes)  Yes?  Undersecretary Jakowski's   on line one, Admiral.  Uh, take a message. He says it's about   the Russel hearing, sir.  Tell him I'll call him back   in 15 minutes, Tiner.  I'm right in the middle   of something.  Mmm.  I'd go with the salmon,   the avocado and the pate.  What about the caviar, sir?  Too ostentatious.  Ensign, nobody really likes   fish eggs.  Oh.  Now get this away from me   before I eat  the whole thing. No.  Thank you, sir.  You don't know how much  this means to me.  Glad I could help.  If you ever get tired   of the Navy,  you could make a fortune   as a wedding planner.  Don't spread that around.  I'd hate to have to kill you.  (nervous laughter)  And that's when you pulled  Seaman Crothers over?  Yes.  And... before...  uh... before you wrote  Seaman Crothers a ticket  for driving   without a taillight, what did you do? I ran his name   through the database  to see if there were   any warrants out.  That is standard procedure.  What did you find?  That there was an outstanding  government warrant for the seaman's  arrest. ROBERTS:  Then what  did you do? I placed him under arrest   and advised him of his rights.  Now, at any time,   did Seaman Crothers inform you  that he was an unauthorized  absentee from the Navy  or that he was even a member  of the United States Navy?  No, he did not.  Thank you, sir.  That will be all.  During the ten years   that he was absent,  Seaman Crothers did not attempt   to turn himself in,  even though he lived   six minutes away  from a military facility.  He did not reveal   that he was in the service  on his employment application.  The only reason Seaman Crothers   came forward now  was that he was arrested.  Seaman Crothers is guilty   of desertion under Article 85  of the uniform code   of military justice.  MAN:  All rise.  Please be seated. Is the defense ready   for judgment?  We are, Your Honor.  In the case of United States  v. Seaman Robert Crothers, United States Navy, we find  the accused guilty  of the charge  and specification of desertion. Congratulations, counselor.  (whistling)  Mr. Roberts.  Sir.  The sentencing phase of the court-martial  will begin  tomorrow at 0900.  And please leave your cheering   section at home, Lieutenant.  This is a courtroom,   not American Gladiators.  Yes, Your Honor.  Sorry, sir.  Looked like Bud did   a good job in there. He had a good teacher  and he probably got  a few pointers from you, too.  Ha, ha.  Nothing changes.  I never met an officer  with a sense of humor.  I thought you were taking  Mikey over to Norfolk.  And miss you  playing Matlock?  You did a good job, Bud.  Mom would have been proud.  BIG BUD:  Proud of what?  Screwing up  some poor guy's life  who isn't hurting anybody? MIKE:  Don't listen  to him, Bud.  Watch it.  So, uh, when are we going  to meet this girl of yours?  We're having dinner  with her tonight.  How's my hair?  You got  your mother's hair,  but the Navy's going  to take care of all of that.  Cut it all off in Boot.  Hair looks great, Mikey.  See you later.  BIG BUD:   First time I told Bud  about the birds and the bees,   he cried.  Thank God he was going   into the Navy the next day  and I didn't have   to listen to him.  He's just kidding.  Buddy's never had much luck   with the opposite sex.  And do you think  Harriet has? Hey, I think he did a pretty good job. Thank you, Mikey. You're okay in my book. So, uh, Rollo,  I hear you have  a yacht.  Well, a small yacht.  It's not that small, Roland.  Big enough   for Mikey and me to take a little   shakedown cruise?  Ah, Dad...  Anytime.  I'm going to take you up on that, Roland.  So what are your plans  for the future, Michael? Well, my dad wants me   to go into the Navy.  Well, the Navy has always been   very good for your family.  ROLAND:  What do you want  to do, Mikey?  Oh. You want to draw  on the back of menus? I want to be a cartoonist.  BIG BUD:  Can you beat that?  Cartoons. Can you make a living  doing that?  Charles Schulz, Scott Adam   and Gary Larson do.  You need something steady  to fall back on  like, like welding.  I think Mike should do  what he wants to do.  Hmm. Follow his bliss.  WOMAN:  His bliss?  BIG BUD:  I'll give him bliss.  I'll blister his behind  if he doesn't go  into the Navy.  No, you're not, Dad.  Oh, yeah?  What are you going to do   about it-- sue me?  (laughing) He just might.  I understand you won   your first case today.  Congratulations. Thank you, sir.  I'm sorry. No. I am sorry.  My mother is completely  out of control.  At least your dad   isn't throwing you a bachelor party  at a strip club. Eww.   I know.  Will you still marry me? If you back out on me now,  I'm going to kill you.  Dad, you've had  too much to drink.  What, are you telling  me how to drive? MIKE:  I'm just saying  you've had  a lot to drink and  you should let me drive.  Yeah, well, I think  you should shut up and get in the car,  or you can walk.  RABB:   It was nice to meet  your brother   and your dad today.  The Master Chief's   a real colorful guy.  (chuckles)  He's colorful, all right.  Spend enough time with him,   you end up black and blue.  He's abusive?  Let's just put it this way--  his idea of tough love is bouncing your head  against a wall. Wow.  If you feel this way   about him, Bud,  why did you invite him   to your wedding?  He's my dad.  You know how it is. Harriet thought he should be here.  Does Harriet know he's abusive?  No. No. You can't tell  something like that   to your fiancee.  I think you might be wrong  about that one, Bud.  Abused kids   become abusive parents.  I'm afraid that   she'll think that  I'll want to hit our children.  I think Harriet knows you  a little better than that.  You try talking to him  about it?  He only talks   about three things: The Navy, baseball  and women.  I'm worried about Mikey. Well, maybe it's time   to take some action on this.  Bring it out in the open.  I spent a whole lifetime trying   to get away from all of that.  I don't know if I could go   through it again.  JUDGE:   Seaman Crothers,   you have the right  to submit evidence   on your behalf  in extenuation and mitigation.  Your Honor, I'd just like   to apologize to the Navy  and to my unit members   for what I did.  I was young, stupid,   when I went U.A., and...  I didn't know   how to fix it.  Thank you, sir.  Mr. Roberts, do you have any  argument to make on sentencing?  Your Honor, given   Seaman Crothers's conviction  of this offense,   desertion for ten years,  as well as the manner  in which   his absence was terminated,  the government submits  that his military service   was not honorable  and requests   a bad conduct discharge.  The government   further recognizes  that since Seaman Crothers   committed that offense  he's been an upstanding citizen,  an excellent employee  and a good provider   for his young family.  It is not the government's   desire nor intent  to cause his family to suffer  for Seaman Crothers's   youthful folly.  Therefore,   the government requests  that there be no forfeiture   of pay or confinement.  Your Honor, I concur   with Mr. Roberts' statement.  I find it both just   and compassionate.  Would the defendant please rise. Seaman Robert Crothers,  I hereby  sentence you   with a bad conduct discharge  and no further punishment.  This court-martial  is adjourned.  (gavel raps) Had a change  of heart?  I think you   were right, Major. I shouldn't have  gone for desertion. This is a lot more than  a law school exercise.  I'm impressed, Bud.  Come on. I'll buy you   a celebratory cappuccino.  You mind if I take  a rain check?  I just want to sit  here for a minute. Sure.  RABB:   Hi. I'm looking for Joe Garvey. Why?  Uh, there was  a mix-up at the dry cleaners.  I, uh, wound up  with his uniform  and I think  that he has mine.  He, uh, doesn't   live here anymore. Are you a pilot? Sometimes.  What airline?  The United States Navy.  I hear they're good.  You wouldn't  happen to know  where I might find  Joe, would you?  Well, if he   still has a job he'll be working  9:00 to midnight at the Rocketmen. It's an alley club  off Bedford.  Okay.  By chance, did he leave  a set of dress whites here?  I hope not.  I gave all of his stuff  to the Salvation Army.  I don't care   what my mother ordered!  I don't want a mermaid!  I want a swan!  No, no, no, you listen to me.  Listen. No!  No. I am getting married   in less than 24 hours,  so don't tell me   about pressure, okay?!  I'm about this close   to going bridal!  Now, if I don't see an ice swan   on my buffet table tomorrow,  somebody's going to find you   floating facedown  in a bouillabaisse!  Are you okay, Ensign? Just peachy, Major.  I think that you need  to try to relax  and enjoy this,  Harriet.  Look, why don't you let  me take you out tonight. We can have dinner,  maybe a few laughs. That'd be fun,  but my mom's planning  that stupid  girls'-night-out thing.  Oh, right.  Could it get  any worse than that?  You are still coming  with me, aren't you?  I mean, I know it's a lot  to ask and everything but...  I am your Maid  of Honor, Harriet. I'm also a Marine.  I think I can handle your mother. (groans nervously)  (dance music playing)  Sure you want to go  through with this, Admiral?  CHEGWIDDEN:  No. Admiral,  Commander.  Sorry. I had no idea  it was going  to be like this.  Don't worry  about it.  Sir, thank you for coming.  It really means a lot to me.  It's the least   we could do, Bud. Every condemned man   needs his last hurrah. You're joking,  right, sir?  I mean, about  the condemned part?  Course we are, Bud.  Marriage is the   greatest institution  on earth. We're envious  of you.  Well, then, sir...  Sir? Sir?  Why are you both  still single, then?  Envious, not stupid. MIKE:  No, thanks.  BIG BUD:   Take it.  I don't like  beer, Dad.  What do you mean   you don't like beer? You want a pineapple   with an umbrella in it? I've got a soda.  Hey, it's time you  became a man. Now, you either   take this beer... Hey!  He said he didn't   want the beer.  (chuckles) Lucky for   you, Buddy, this is your   bachelor party, 'cause I'm gonna  cut you some slack. Come on, Mikey. You don't have   to follow him.  It's better   that I do, Bud. Bud.  I got to disappear  for a while.  I got to talk to a guy  about my uniform.  You still don't have  your dress whites?  Sir, the wedding  is tomorrow!  You're my best man! You don't have your  dress whites, I don't even know  if you can come! Admiral, will you order  the Lieutenant to relax?  Relax, Lieutenant.  Aye, aye, sir.  (sighs)  Hey, any of you guys  Joe Garvey?  He's onstage. Hey, this area's  off-limits. The uniform belongs  to me, Buddy.  I just want the uniform.  Wrong answer. Hey, pal, look.  I don't want  any trouble, all right?  I got a wedding  in the morning.  I need the uniform.  Look, I'm warning  you right now, I'm a black belt. Don't make me hurt you. And I'm warning you right now.  I'm a lawyer.  Don't make me sue you.  Really?  Yeah.  You ever handle  any sexual harassment suits? What?!  The owner here's   got a bad habit  of pinching me every  time I walk past.  It's kind of  humiliating. Thanks.  BIG BUD:   Commander! Hey!  (laughing) Commander, I thought you'd  abandoned ship on us.  Oh, oh, oh.   Hey, girls!  Come over and meet  Commander Rabb!  Hey. Where's Bud?!  Last time   I saw him, he was moving   towards the head with one   of the gals. I didn't think he   had it in him myself. I'll go get him.  Excuse me, ladies.  (chuckling) Say, ladies... you're not going to charge me   extra for this, are you?  Oh... well, what the hell.  Commander, where  have you been?!  This party's getting  out of control!  I'll say.  You seen the Admiral, Bud?  They denied my dad's  credit card.  The Admiral's talking  to the club manager.  Wow. What's wrong with her?  I think she needs  a doctor, sir.  Well, how much   did she have to drink?  Nothing.  I think it's   morning sickness.  You're kidding, right?  No. I have a pregnancy   test in my purse.  I was going to do it   this afternoon  but I had a tort final   and I just ran out of time.  You're in   law school?! My third year   at George Mason.  No way.  I'm in my   second year. Do you know   Professor Wilton? I hate to interrupt  this campus chat,  but I'd like to find  the Admiral.  Where's the manager's office?  Around the corner   to the left.  Pardon?  Around the corner  to the left! Thanks.  So, this is   your bachelor party?  Yeah. I'm getting  married tomorrow. So, who's  the lucky lady?  Mother!  (giggling) ANNOUNCER:   Show him what you think   of him, ladies.  HARRIET:  No. No, thank you. No, thank you! Mother, we're going home   right now.  Darling, I still   have 60 bucks left. How do you think   your father would look in an outfit  like that? Mother, don't   even go there!  Come on!  Come on.  Go.  Major, you have to do  me a humungous favor  and please take my mother  back to her hotel.  I really need to   see Bud right now. Sure.  Thank you. Where's she going? To see Bud.  Well, why on earth  would she do that? Because she loves him.  Oh.  Admiral.  Just gave that man  all my cash  and my watch  as collateral.  MAN:   $300.... $320...  Well, I take it you're   ready to leave, then, sir. Very.  Hi. I'm Big Bud.  You want to hear   something funny?  Why don't we rescue  the Lieutenant  on the way out, sir? Dad, leave her alone.  (grunts)  (grunts)  Come on! No, we got to help Bud.  It's every man for himself  in a bar fight. Move!  Whoa! Whoa... whoa!  BIG BUD:   Three, two, one, go!  My name is Admiral A.J. Chegwidden. Yeah, I know. Remember me? United States Navy  v. Seaman Moska?  Did I defend you?  Prosecuted. Those handcuffs aren't  too tight, are they, sir?  Bud, what's going on?  Harriet! What are  you doing here?  Buddy, I'm pregnant!  MRS. SIMS:   Harriet, you have got   to get a grip.  You are getting married   in less than half an hour. No, Mother, I'm not.  It is not like   a Beaumont to quit.  I am not a Beaumont.  I'm an Ensign   in the United States Navy.  I am sick as a dog  and my fiance got beat up  by a pregnant stripper   last night.  (phone ringing)  Hello. Uh, just a minute.  It's your future husband. I have no idea   who that might be.  She's still getting dressed,   Bud.  I'll have her call you   when she's ready.  Okay.  Harriet's going   to call off the wedding.  She said that?  No, but...  she won't come to the phone.  Bud, she's probably   getting ready.  You know how long  it takes a woman  to get ready  just to go to the store   to buy milk?  This is her wedding day.  I'm sure she probably started   getting ready yesterday.  Yeah, you're probably right.  (knocking)  I got it.  Mikey.  Hey, Commander.  Hey, come on in.  Where's  your dad?  I don't know, sir.  I went to the motel   from the club.  Never came home.  Come here, Mike.  Hey, Buddy.  You know, I'm sorry  I ran out on you last night.  What are you   talking about? You would have never  left me alone  in the middle  of a fight.  Hey, come here.  Okay, look, we've  got 15 minutes to  get the chapel, so let's get these  Hollywood sunglasses  off of you and... It was an accident.  The hell it was. Okay, look, after Harriet  and I get married, you're going to come  live with us, all right? You'll go to  school here. No, Dad wants me to go  into the Navy.  The hell with what Dad wants. Hey, your brother's  right, Mike.  You have talent, man.  You should pursue it.  You're both  in the Navy. Doing what   we want to do.  Your father was a naval aviator,  right, Commander?  Yeah.  Isn't that why   you became one? Probably...  My dad's a sailor.  Why couldn't I have had a son?  I don't know  why she gets like this.  She was  a nice little girl.  Always so  well-behaved.  Mother, why don't  you take a walk?  Don't talk to me  like that, young lady.  It's just nerves, Mrs. Sims.  Give her a minute   to collect herself.  I don't know why you can't  be more like Major MacKenzie.  (sighs)  You're going to be  okay, Harriet. I feel like  I'm going to puke.  Oh, nonsense. You're just scared. I have every reason to be.  All my parents do  are fight and bicker.  I don't want my marriage  to end up like that.  Harriet,   everyone fights. It's part   of being human. Yeah, but I want it  to be really great.  I probably sound like a sap.  Guess I'd have  to agree  with that   assessment, Ensign. You are a sap.  You have got the greatest guy   who wants to make you his wife and you're afraid to  get up off the couch. Do you really think  we're going to be happy?  I think that you and Bud  are going to be as happy as two people   have a right to be. Now, get in your dress. That's an order. Yes, ma'am.  Thank you, Major. You know, if I  had a sister, I'd want her to be  just like you.  Thank you, Harriet.  I think that's the nicest thing  anyone's ever said to me.  Well, dear,  I'm glad to see  you've come  to your senses.  Mother, will you  do me a favor?  Anything, darling.  Don't talk to me for  the next 24 minutes. Pardon me?  Mother, this is my day. This is the husband  that I want.  This is the life  that I want.  So you can either  enjoy the day  and you can share  in my happiness  or you can sashay your southern belle butt  right back home.  And there is   no middle ground. (sighs)  Okay, so how do I look?  Like you went  ten rounds  with Mike Tyson. (knocking)  Come in.  Wow.  Spoken like a true Roberts.  All right, Mikey, let me   have a look at that shiner. Don't worry, a little  cover-up makeup  will hide a   multitude of sins. I'm going to ruin  the wedding pictures.  Not once I'm   done with you. Looking good, Major.  It's okay?  There.  Let me see.  You look very   handsome, Mikey. How's my hair?  (laughing)  Well, well, well.  I... better check   on Harriet.  You hit him last night.  You tell him that?  BUD:   He didn't  have to.  BIG BUD:  He was getting lippy. BUD:  That doesn't give you  the right to hit him.  It does in my book.  I'm trying to   make him tough.  Like you?  There's a difference between  being strong and being a bully.  It was for your own good. Nobody ever picked  on you, did they?  Just guys like you.  Well, I'm sorry if I'm no Mr. Father Knows Best.  But they don't teach  child rearing in the Navy.  You made me  hate you.  You guys...  you always had food to eat,   you had clean clothes  and you had a roof   over your head.  We could have gotten   that in an orphanage. Yeah, well, I don't need   to take this from you,  Mr. Big Shot   Lieutenant lawyer.  Dad, don't.   Yeah, what are you gonna   do about it?  Stop it.   Yeah? Make me.  Dad, don't.  You shut up  and keep out of this  or I'll close  your other eye.  Don't you ever   raise your fist against Mikey  or me again!  Come on, Mikey.  We're getting  out of here.  It's Bud's wedding, Dad.  Yeah, well, you have  an appointment with   a Navy recruiter.  It's not your life.   It's his.  Don't do it, Mikey.  Sorry, Bud.  You won't be   seeing us  any time soon.  Mikey...  You'll always be welcome   in my life...  but I never want   to see you again.  (snorts)  (sobbing softly)  Dearly beloved, we have come  together in the presence of God  to witness and bless   the joining together  of this man and this woman  in holy matrimony. Marriage is   not intended to be entered  into unadvisedly  or lightly....  but reverently,  deliberately,  and in accordance  to the purposes  (whispers):   Bud.  for which it is  instituted by God.  I, Bud J. Roberts  Junior, take you, Harriet Beaumont Sims,  to be my wife, to have and to hold from this day forward,  for better, for worse  for richer,  for poorer, through sickness  and in health  to love and to cherish   until separated by death. This is my solemn  vow to you.  I, Harriet Beaumont Sims,  take you,  Bud J. Roberts Junior,  to be my husband. To have and to hold from this day  forward,  for better or for worse,  in sickness and in health,  for richer  or for poorer,  to love  and to cherish  until we are parted  by death.  This is my solemn vow to you.  This ring is a symbol  of my vow  with all that I am,   and all that I have. I pronounce that you are   husband and wife.  (applause)  Hey! Hey!  Officers, draw...  swords.  Arch swords. Blades to the wind. Presenting, for the first time   in public,  Lieutenant J.G. and Mrs.  Bud J. Roberts Junior.  Go, Navy.  RABB:  Return... swords. Officers... dismissed.  (cheering and applause)  I've been waiting  a long time for this.  Ooh, so have I.  Wow!  Well, since everybody's  kissing the bride,  I guess I'll   kiss the groom. Red light,  Commander.  (chuckles)  So, uh... Do I get to kiss   the bride, Buddy? I think you better,  little brother.  See you later. Thanks, Mikey.  Excuse me, sir.  Hey, who's your friend?  (speaking Hindi)  Yes?  (chuckles)  Don't ask. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 