JAG: Season 3, Episode 24 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 JAG 
 s3e24 - To Russia with Love - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 JAG (1995–2005): Season 3, Episode 24 - To Russia with Love - full transcript 
 Webb shows Harm a snapshot of his father and others in Siberia in 1980; he puts Harm in touch with someone who knows the details. After visiting his mother, Harm goes to Moscow, and Mac (who reads and speaks Russian) joins him; there they meet not only Alexei, an enterprising and resourceful taxi driver, but also two Russian functionaries whom they've previously encountered in the US. Webb and the admiral advise Harm and Mac about the two Russian agents. Harm and Mac obtain both a source of funds and a lead on the whereabouts of his father within Russia. Alexei helps them to "borrow" a MiG-29 (a copy of the F-14 Tomcat), but opposition suddenly appears. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  (train whistle blowing)  (man speaking Russian)  (jet engine whooshing overhead)  (man speaking Russian)  (sighs)  (speaking Russian)  Viktor. Hello, Viktor. I see it is the same leg you  injured when you went down. No, it isn't.  Yes, it is. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Oh, still lying to me. And you're still  questioning me.  I heard about the accident and that the KGB was  sending you north.  I came to see if there   was anything I could do. Set me free.  I've tried...  as much as I dare.  It's all right, Viktor.  I always preferred to do  things for myself anyway.  Don't be a fool.  There's a thousand miles of  frozen wasteland out there. (man speaking Russian)  They want to take  a photograph.  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Why? No one can know  I'm alive and in Russia.  KGB are bureaucrats. They like   to record everything. Viktor...  You want to do  something for me?  Let Trish and my son know  that I'm alive.  Harmon, that's impossible. Do it as a friend.  Please.  (train whistle blows)  Following in   his father's footsteps  as a naval aviator  Lieutenant Commander   Harmon Rabb, Jr.,  suffered a crash   while landing his Tomcat  on a storm-tossed carrier   at sea.  Diagnosed with night blindness  Harm transferred to the Navy's   Judge Advocate General Corps  which investigates, defends and  prosecutes the law of the sea.  There, with fellow JAG lawyer   Major Sarah MacKenzie,  he now fights in and out   of the courtroom  with the same daring   and tenacity  that made him a top gun   in the air.  You found something? This is Captain Boris Novodin.  This is Lieutenant  Anatoly Krezhnin--  KGB.  Neither survived  Gorbachev's Perestroika.  And this...  this is Major Viktor Lushov.  KGB?  Soviet Air Force.  He specialized in dissecting  our aerial weapons systems  during Vietnam and the Cold War. In 1970, Major Lushov  was in Hanoi  interrogating  downed fliers.  At the time, he was particularly  interested in Navy pilots  who flew "iron hand" missions.  Those were the missions my dad   was flying when he went down.  What's he doing   in a photo taken  ten years later? Why don't you ask him?  Lushov's in San Diego,  working for Consolidated   Aircraft  as a systems engineer.  He came here in '89.   He goes by the name  of Sam Lewis.  CHEGWIDDEN:   Your mother's not ill, is she?  RABB: No, sir, her health is  excellent, Admiral.  I just haven't seen her   in a while  and I need to fly   to keep current  so I thought I'd do  a cross-country to Miramar--  take a long weekend,   kill two birds with one stone.  And keep   your flight status current.  Yes, sir, and see my mother.  I guess we could spare you   for a couple of days.  Thank you, sir.  Commander. Sir?  Please give my regards   to your mother.  I'll... I'll do that, sir.  Thank you.  RABB:  What's a son need to do  to get a drink around here? The sun is over  the yardarm.  Darling, we   didn't expect you for another   hour at least. You're getting younger  every time I see you.  That's just you  getting older.  Hello, Harm.  Frank,  you're looking fit.  I'm just trying   to keep up  with your mom.  I'll get you  the drink. Hey.  So how's the gallery? Oh, it's a pain   in the butt.  You know,  I think I'm supporting  every starving artist  from Tijuana to Ventura.  How are Annie and Josh?  Well, I'm not seeing Annie  anymore, Mom.  Oh.  How is Mac?  She's fine, I guess.  She's really quite the girl,   isn't she?  Don't start, Mom.  FRANK:   So, Harm, what brings you   to the West Coast? A case?  No.  Cheers, darling.  Whoa, whoa!  Wait, wait, wait, wait!  Good to see you.  Yeah, you, too.  No, not a case.  I found somebody  who knew Dad in Russia.  Russia?  Your father died in Vietnam.  I don't believe he did, Mom.  FRANK: Trish, there have been  rumors of American P.O.W.s  having been sent   to the Soviet Union. This photo was taken  in Siberia in 1980.  Is it him?  Could be.  I don't know.  What do you intend to do?  Go to Russia. Find him.  TRISH:  Let it go, Harm. I can't, Mom.  Mom!  Not knowing his fate... wondering always if he   might still be alive... the ghost of your father   has always been between us. Your mom needs closure  as much as you do.  Thanks, Frank.  Do you still carry   that photo of your dad? Yeah... yeah.  He was a handsome  guy, your dad.  No more than you, Frank.  I have a friend in Moscow-- Hugh Blackadder. I'll arrange for funds to be available   to you through him. Frank...  I can't take your money.  I figured out early on that I could never live up   to your father in your eyes. I wasn't a Blue Angel. Hell, I never even  wore a uniform.  Frank...  But although you never thought   about me as your father,  you're the only son I ever had.  Let me help you, Harm. (footsteps approaching)  Mom, I...   I'm sorry I upset you.  No, it's my fault.  I never should have let you  listen to the tapes  your father used  to send home.  How else would I'd have  ever got to know him?  Through my eyes.  I-I never let you listen  to this one.  It was returned  with his things  from the ship.  Your daddy made this  in case he didn't come back.  It's mostly personal  but I'd like you to hear  how he wanted me  to go on with my life  and for you to have a father,  even if it wasn't him.  Listen to it, darling.  I think you'll understand.  I already do   understand, Mom. You look so much like him.  (speaking Russian)  Viktor Lushov?  Harmon?  Lieutenant Harmon Rabb?  Are you a ghost?  I'm his son, sir.  (both chuckling)  Yes...  When did you first  question my father?  LUSHOV:  The spring of '70.  He had been badly injured  and not treated very well.  I saw that he received  medical attention,  which quite probably  saved his life.  So you could   interrogate him? Yes.  Your father was shot down  flying what your Navy called  an "iron hand" mission.  Do you know what that is?  It's a mission designed   to kill Sam missile sites. Mm-hmm. They were  normally flown in A-6s,  but your father was flying  a specially equipped F-4  which he used  quite effectively.  He dodged  half a dozen missiles  and destroyed  three missile sites  before a lucky burst  of flack caught him.  The golden BB. Yes.  Such effectiveness  we had to know more about.  So what did you do when  he told you nothing?  Oh, but he told  me everything.  That's why the KGB   flew him to Russia.  I don't believe you. It's true!  We spent two years  at an Air Force Scientific  Research Center  trying to duplicate  your systems  but it was all maskirovka.  You understand?   Disinformation.  Deception.  Telling me lies was worse  than telling me nothing.  What happened after that?  Oh, we are both fighter pilots  and that is a strong bond.  We spent many hours   talking of flying  and our families.  He spoke often of you  and, eh, Trish?  You didn't answer my question.  We became friends, and I began to   fear for his life so I told the KGB that   he had been of great help and might be of more  in the future.  So they let him live. They shipped him off   to a gulag in Siberia. When?  In the summer of '72. Then how do you explain  this photo?  It was taken in 1980.  (chuckling):   Oh, the KGB and  their records.  How did you get this? That doesn't matter.  Harmon was injured   in a mining accident. I heard that they   were going to move him so I went to see him   at the train station. After that meeting I never heard of Lieutenant  Harmon Rabb again.  Why haven't you told  anybody else about this?  Because I want to live. I tell you  because of the guilt I feel for something your   father asked me to do. I will tell no one else. This photo was taken by  the KGB for their records.  That means there   are other records.  Well, perhaps   this will help. "S-394-652."  What is this?  Something that's been burned  into my memory for 28 years. It's the prisoner number the  KGB assigned to your father. (speaking Russian)  CHEGWIDDEN:   You didn't just lie   to your commanding officer,  you lied to me. If I had told you why  I was going to San Diego, sir,  would you have let me go?  Maybe, maybe not,  but damn it  you could at least give me  the benefit of the doubt!  My apologies, Admiral.  You, above anybody else,  deserves better from me, sir.  May I show you this, sir?  S-394-652. What is this? It's my father's  KGB number, sir.  It was given to me  by a former  Soviet Air Force officer,  Major Victor Lushov.  He interrogated my father.  In Russia.  The last time he saw him  was in Siberia in 1980.  That's when the photo  was taken, sir.  That's the Major beside  my father, in the fur hat.  You know this could all   be a hoax.  To what end, sir?  Oh, come on,  Commander.  If an American P.O.W. was proven  to be held in Russia  after the Vietnam War  it would blow the roof off   of Washington and Moscow.  Now, this has to be investigated through official  channels. So it can be covered up,   Admiral?  You know better than that,   Commander.  If I knew anyone-- up to   and including the president--  was covering up   something like this  I would be the first one   in their face.  I was thinking   of the other side, sir.  Viktor... Major Lushov...  told me that my dad   was taken to Siberia  by a rogue KGB operation.  An official inquiry   could never uncover that, sir.  But you could?  Yes, sir, I believe so.  Admiral, I have  30 days leave on the books.  I'd like to take it   as soon as possible.  You realize that the odds  of your father   being alive are...  are practically nonexistent?  Back in April...  Toshimasa Maguro,   a World War II prisoner,  was returned to Japan   after 53 years in Siberia.  He was simply forgotten.  Submit your request for leave.  I'll take it under advisement.  Dismissed.  Aye, aye, sir.  Well?  He said he'd take it   under advisement.  You're going to go no matter   what the Admiral says,  aren't you?  You can reach me  at this number  day or night.  Just make sure you call from a   secured phone.  Our embassy's probably got  the only one in Moscow.  I don't think you'll find   your father, Harm,  but if you do... You'll want to be   the first to know.  I hope he's alive.  (jet engine whooshing)  FLIGHT ATTENDANT:  Welcome to Aeroflot Flight 318,   with non-stops to...  (woman speaking Russian)  I'm sorry, I don't speak...  Russian.  Well, isn't this  a coincidence?  Isn't it?  Whose idea was it? Mine and the Admiral's,   unofficially.  Uh... you're on my seat belt.  I speak the language.  I can handle myself   if things get rough  and you need someone   to watch your six.  Mac, I don't know where   this is going to lead.  All the more reason   for me to come.  Oh, look.  We're moving.  (speaking Russian)  Taxi?  It's okay. I speak English. Sure. I know  Hotel Posolskaya.  Is good place.  I am Alexei.  This way,  please.  MacKENZIE:   Uh, take Tverskaya   to the garden ring.  ALEXEI:   You have been to Moscow before? I've got a map.  You afraid   I'll cheat you? I just want   to learn my way around.  That is old map.  Street names have changed.  Everything has   changed in Russia. We're like America now.  Everything is free,  if you have money. I'm going   to take you  shopping.  Uh, no, uh, all I want now   is a hot bath and a bed.  We'll shop   later then, eh? I can get you  computers,  fur coats, diamond rings,   you name it.  Even a Soviet submarine,   if you have enough money.  How about a MiG-29?  One ride, $15,000--  American. You're serious? You can buy a ride  in a MiG-29?  Sure. I can  arrange it. We are selling   everything now. Pretty soon all we have  left is our underwear.  (spitting) What was that for?  Lubyanka Prison. Home of KGB. Harmon Rabb.  Welcome to Moscow,  Mr. Rabb.  Passport, please.  There it is. Okay, here we are.  Reservation for one.  Uh, my friend   needs a room, too. Does your friend   have a reservation?  No. Is that a problem?  Problem, yes.  We have no vacancies.  Well, I suppose we can share.  WOMAN:  You share room,  you pay double.  (speaking Russian)  (soft chuckle)  It's not in the book.  (soft, sarcastic chuckle)  Flip you for the bed.  You take it.  I'll sleep in the...  chair.  (sighing)  Uh...  I'll wait in  the bathroom while you change   into your pajamas. Uh, what pajamas?  (knock at door)  Whoa.  Oh, God. What is that? I don't know.   Maybe it's a gift from your friend   at the front desk. Oh, you're not going  to open it, are you? Open the window.  (grunting)  It's stuck.  Ugh!  MacKENZIE:  A warning?  "Rabb sleeps  with the herrings."  "For God's sake,  don't shoot anyone."  Webb.  SECNAV:   I hear two of your officers  are in Moscow.  May I ask why?  They're on vacation,  Mr. Secretary.  "Vacation."  Yes, sir.  You are aware  of the government's  position on American P.O.W.s   in Russia, aren't you, A.J.?  Uh, yes, sir.  Officially, there are no   American P.O.W.s in Russia.  Nor unofficially.  Well, there are rumors,   Mr. Secretary.  Which is why we have a team   of M.I.A. experts in Moscow.  They haven't found  a single piece of solid evidence to substantiate   any of those stories.  People with hope  don't always need   solid evidence, sir.  My wife's  brother  went down   in the South China Sea in '68.  She still dreams he's alive.  It's cruel to raise false hopes   with hearsay and rumors.  I agree with that, sir.  Good. Get Rabb to agree.  Better yet,   get him to vacation in Italy.  (footsteps in distance)  (gentle creaking)  (whispering):   Mac.  (whispering):   Got it.  (speaking Russian)  Boss,  you scared me blind!  What are you   doing here, Alexei?  Nothing, boss.   I thought you might be hungry.  I know private club--  American steak,  scotch whiskey, Russian women... But you don't need that,  do you? Why didn't you knock?  I didn't want to wake you   if you were asleep.  Please, lady, put down the gun?  (speaking Russian)  Get the door.  (grunting)  (spring breaks)  I can't sleep.  Yeah, me neither. So, I had good idea, huh?  Thank you.  Privet, Sarah. Mark!  RABB:  Falcon.  FALCON:   I knew we were destined  to meet again,  Sarah.  So did I,  but I haven't been   looking forward to it.  I have...  ever since the fire  on the Hornet.  I still don't know  how you led us out  of that blaze.  You saved my   life, Commander. And you repaid me  by stealing the book.  The book? The little green one  with the names  of American P.O.W.s  transferred to Russia   by the KGB.  That book was a fake,  like that photo   someone sent you. Who was that, by that way? Well, if it's a fake,  what do you care?  MacKENZIE:  Who do you  work for, Mark?  If that's even your real name.  It's actually Sokol, Sarah.  I work for   the Federal   Security Service. Much like your FBI.  So, why pick us up?  I feared for  your safety. Really?  Well, perhaps not  yours, Commander, but certainly Sarah's. Commander, you're being fed  false information by someone determined to drive a wedge  between our two countries. And how does that   endanger us?  There are some that  would eliminate you rather than risk you  finding your father. Like you?  Discovering   an American P.O.W. on our soil  would be disastrous,  but if by some  incredible circumstance the   information you have were true  I'd try my best   to keep it secret,  but it's not. That's exactly  why I need the photograph and the name   of whoever gave it to you.  So you can destroy it.  Yes.  And the person   who gave it to Harm.  That man is trying  to destroy Russia, send us back to the days of Stalin,   and he must be stopped.  S-394-652.  Write it down.  What is this?  It's the number   the KGB assigned my father  when he was taken as a prisoner   here to Russia.  Who keeps giving you   these lies, Commander?  Get me a file on that number   and maybe I'll tell you.  We free to go?  Well, you came here freely,   didn't you?  Sarah!  As I recall, you and I had   an open dinner date.  Why not?  We can tell   each other lies.  (door closes)  RABB:   So you work  for the Federal  Security Service.  No, boss. I work for   whoever pays. A man with no loyalties?  I work for the   highest bidder. Well, at least  you're honest.  Unless you pay me to  be dishonest, boss.  Dasvidanya.  Dasvidanya. I like him.  People with no integrity  always attract you.  Ouch!  Sorry, Mac.  That was... That was the   jet lag talking. Hey, I accepted  a dinner with Falcon  because I thought  it would help.  Vodka loosens  the tightest lips, you know.  Was that lips or hips? You're terrible.  I don't drink, remember?  RABB:  Colonel Parlovsky. Commander Rabb.  Major MacKenzie.  What a delightful  surprise.  Are you enjoying Moscow?  So far all we've   seen is the airport Lubyanka and  this hotel.  Perhaps...  I could show you  an interesting alley...  one without ears.  PARLOVSKY:   So you have just come   from Lubyanka.  RABB:  Yes.  Were you questioned  by Major Sokol?  Major?  Sokol is KGB.  MacKENZIE:   I thought the   KGB was dead.  Mutated.  Governments come and go.  KGBs live forever.  I thought you   were KGB.  Never! I'm foreign  intelligence  similar to your FBI.  Funny. That's   what Sokol said about his Federal  Security Service. Does Major Sokol know  of the photograph  I sent you, Commander?  Yes.  Did you tell him I sent it?  No.  Good.  The foolish gesture  of an old man with a missing son  in Afghanistan.  I regret sending it.  It has only put you in peril.  Well, it's brought me   closer to my father.  For that I owe you.  Your father   is certainly dead by now.  Is your son dead?  (chuckles)  I talked to a former  Soviet Air Force officer.  He interrogated  my father.  How did you find him?  That doesn't matter.  He gave me my father's  KGB prisoner number.  Did you tell this   to Major Sokol?  Yes.  He's tracing  the number.  That puts you in   even greater danger.  How? If Sokol is all   you say he is  why wouldn't he want us   to find Harm's father,  create tension between  the U.S. and Russia?  The closer you come,   the more danger you're in.  Go back to the U.S.,   both of you, tonight.  You cannot risk staying here  a minute  longer.  I can't.  We can't.  I have a   dinner date. FALCON:   The turbot with black caviar   butter sauce is a specialty.  Oh... Khachapuri is  excellent.  And what do you  normally have? Steak... medium rare.  I'll have that.  (speaking Russian)  (Russian folk music plays)  Where'd you learn English? I grew up in Houston.  My parents moved there  in the early '60s  to, uh, monitor  your space program.  So spying runs  in the family. If my father had been a  flier, I might be like  your Commander Rabb.  He's very special to you,  isn't he?  Yes...  but not in the   way you think.  He's the best partner  I've ever had and could ever  hope to have.  He respects me, trusts  me and it's mutual. I wish you could say  those words about me, Sarah.  How could I ever   trust you... Sokol? I warned you  because I care about you,  and I did it  at a great risk.  How?  There's a very dangerous man   who's out to destroy me.  He was KGB,  and I think   he's behind the disinformation  Commander Rabb has   been receiving.  Does this man have a name?  Colonel Mikhail Parlovsky.  Have you heard  of him?  No.  If you did,   would you tell me, Sarah?  If I could trust you.  Well...  how can I gain your trust?  Help Harm find the truth.  Okay, Sarah.  If he tells me  who gave him  the photograph  and swears  that if he discovers  his father was brought  to Russia,  no one will ever know  but the two of you.  You're assuming his  father's dead, aren't you? I'm assuming   he was never here at all  and if he was, he's most  certainly dead by now.  And if he's not?  Let's not talk   about the impossible.  You read Russian, Commander?  MacKENZIE:  This is a file  on prisoner number   S-394-652  opened May 10, 1970,   in Chkalovskaya.  Where's that?  It's about ten kilometers   outside Moscow.  It's the Air Force   Scientific Test Institute.  Two years later, in July, 1972,   S-394-652 was sent  to Vorkuta Gulag.  It doesn't say why.  In 1980,   he was transferred to Beloyka  in Northern Siberia, where he... He died.  He escaped.  My father escaped in 1980?  If he was your father.  There's no name, Commander,   only a number.  This could be the file  of any one of hundreds of thousands the KGB imprisoned. How many were held  in an Air Force   Scientific Test Center?  How many had their photo taken   at Vorkuta train station?  S-394-652 is my father.  Where's Beloyka?  1,300 miles from here.  Going to Beloyka would   be extremely dangerous. I'll leave first  thing in the morning.  We'll leave   first thing in the morning.  Mac, from here   on, I go alone.   No way.  FALCON:   Commander Rabb,  who gave you the photograph?  I received it in the mail   from Moscow.  No name, no return address.  On the back was written:   "1980, and this one's real."  You know more.  So do you.  (speaking Russian)  What did he say?  Just to be safe.  Why are you blushing?  PARLOVSKY:  Well?  They leave for Beloyka   in the morning.  (panting)  Harmon!  I know where your father is.  FALCON:   What's in the book, Commander?  These documents are fake!  (panting)  (laughs)  What time is it? East Coast, Zulu or Moscow?  Moscow will do.  0525.  That jet lag doesn't even throw off   your internal clock, huh?  Nope. Although daylight savings   makes me think twice.  (knocking)  Hey, boss, it's me, Alexei.  Yeah?  I have been working on tickets   all night.  I got two seats to Norilsk  but I could not get you  from there to Beloyka.  What, sold out,  no seats? No flights.   There is one flight each week,  but that has been canceled   until further notice.  Falcon or Parlovsky?  Toss a coin.   I don't trust either of them.  Me, too, boss.  You?  Your loyalty goes   to the highest bidder.  Yes, but when I accept the bid,   I honor it.  How far from Norilsk   to Beloyka?  Only 400 kilometer.  What about a private jet?  Everything  in Russia  is either Aeroflot or military.  You said you could get   us a ride in a MiG-29.  A ride, yes.  A flight to Beloyka, no.  No pilot  would risk breaking  the rules that much.  He'd be shot.  A MiG-29 could make it.  It has a range  of 1,500 miles if   both tanks are full. Dollars can buy fuel,   but not the pilot.  Well, we've got a pilot.  You are a military pilot?  I fly Tomcats, which is what   a MiG-29 is a rip-off of.  You'd have to steal it.  Is that a problem?  (speaking Russian)  It'll cost.  How much?  (mumbling)  $50,000?  MAN:   Our new embassy had bugs   built in during construction  so we moved   back into the old one.  I imagine a few heads   rolled over that, huh?  My predecessor's  included.  Now, the ambassador   won't be in till 1:00. He said to let you  use his office.  Well, that was nice of him.  Thank you.  He's a nice guy.  Oh, the red phone  is the secured line. Webb's waiting on it.  Thanks. I'm expecting  a Hugh Blackadder.  He has documents for me.  I'll see that he's shown in.  Thank you.  Webb?  We're here, Rabb.  Who's "we"?  We, as in the Admiral  who is regretting  ever letting you  go on leave.  Morning, sir.  Technically correct.  0400 here. What's up? What is it?  Piroshki, lady.  It's very good.  Mmm. It is good. Why don't you  call me Mac?  Mac is a man's name.  It's short   for "MacKenzie,"  my family name.  I heard Major Sokol  call you Sarah.  Call me Sarah   if you like.  It fits you better... Sarah.  Alexei certainly  fits you.  Oh? Why is that?  It means "helper." As long as you have money.  Maybe, but I have  a feeling you're  not as mercenary   as you like to act. Why, because  I gave you Piroshki?  Because you didn't   ask me to pay for it. (laughing)  That's a good one, lady...  Sarah.  WEBB:   You're being set up, Rabb.  Colonel Parlovsky  and Major Sokol are  the same animal.  They're both former KGB.  Parlovsky was Sokol's mentor  in the old days.  They may be in a power struggle,  they may be working together.  Either way  you're in danger.  So is the Major. Yes, sir, I know.  If you know any way   to make her stay behind  I wish you'd tell me.  I could order her home.  Yes, sir, you could.  Do it.  Rabb'll never come back  now that he's got a blood scent. Cut your losses.  You have always had   a way with words, Webb.  Mac speaks Russian. You don't. You stand a better chance   of staying alive with her.  You agree?  The odds are better   with her, sir.  Find your father, Harm.  Thank you, Admiral.  (knocking)  Commander Rabb? Hugh Blackadder. It's a pleasure  to meet you, sir.  Isn't it?   Since Frank said I should give you  anything you wanted.  Frank's a good man.  Mm-hmm.  ALEXEI:   Wow! How much  is in there?  How much you need?  Like I said, boss, $50,000.  Well, I think  we can cover that.  (speaking Russian)  He's right.  What did he say?  That we'd be sick before   we left the ground.  Well, one of us, anyway.  Okay. This fighter can carry  a pilot and one passenger,  so I have to take you   one at a time.  Who'll be first?  Her.  Him.  (laughing) (speaking Russian)  How about both of us? Tell him to come down.  (speaking Russian) (whistles)  What'd he say?  He said he left his maps in  his locker. Well, let's hope not.  Sorry.  RABB:   Alexei, drag him out of the way  and then get the hell  out of here.  Okay, boss.  RABB:  Mac, come on.  I'm going to hate  myself for this.  They're waiting for you. Who?   Our fighter planes.  He knew you'd   steal this MiG.  He was counting on it. That's why they had   the commercial flight to Beloyka   discontinued.  He wants you  shot down stealing this MiG. Who?  He is the highest bidder. He always was, so that  I will not tell you.  Give it up,   Commander. Major? RABB:  Were you KGB?  No. I was in the submarine  service, a Lieutenant.  (speaking Russian)  (engines whooshing)  How you doing, Mac? Don't ask.  I'm going to follow this river   to avoid detection,  but I'm going to have   to climb soon.  We burn too much fuel   down this low.  Keep your eyes on our six.   I'm gonna try and get  this radar working.  (groans and laughs)  Suck it up, Marine.  I got the radar working.  Hang on. (MacKenzie groans)  Can I stop looking now?  Yeah. I got them on radar.  (buzzing)  Is that what I think it is?  Yup.  What do we do?  Pray.  Missile inbound. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 