History's Mysteries: Season 11, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 History's Mysteries 
 s11e4 - The Knights of Camelot - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 History's Mysteries (1998–2011): Season 11, Episode 4 - The Knights of Camelot - full transcript 
 History's Mysteries looks the historical influences that shaped the story of King Arthur and the Knights of Camelot. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 700 years after he died, he became England's most famous ruler. King Arthur-- fact or fantasy? [theme music] NARRATOR: In the far distant past, many believe a wise king named Arthur presided over a glamorous court of brave knights and genteel ladies at a place called Camelot. Arthur's mentor, the wizard and prophet Merlin, warned him against marrying the strong-willed Guinevere. His advice was ignored, and the wedding took place. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Soon after, Arthur's new queen and his most trusted warrior, Lancelot, fell in love. Their illicit affair signaled the end of the idyllic kingdom. When and why did this romantic legend enter our literature and our lives? 1,500 years ago, Great Britain was a primitive, violent land beset by chaos of every kind. There was no common language, no central government. The Roman occupiers had abruptly left the British Isles in the year 410 to defend its empire in Italy from the marauding Goths. The native Celts were left the task of repelling the barbarians at their gate-- the Angles, Saxons, and Jutes who were invading from across the cold northern seas. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I think the Dark Ages were very dark indeed. The population was shrinking dramatically, because of the loss of the will to live, I think, loss of the will to have children, as well as disease and depopulation because of warfare. NARRATOR: Then in the late fifth century, a crucial battle was waged in western England between the Celts and hordes of invading Saxons. The Celtic victory brought about a period of relative peace to the land. Accounts of the battle credit a warrior named Arthur with the achievement. Yet there's no mention of Arthur being a king or ruling from a place called Camelot until nearly 700 years later. Before the revival of interest in Arthur, however, the Normans successfully invaded Britain from France in 1066. The French brought with them a culture that would gradually impose its Christian values on the mainly pagan British tribes. Emerging from the Dark Ages, the people also found a renewed appetite for a romantic view of life. In 1138, Geoffrey of Monmouth completed "The History of the Kings of Britain" in Latin. A fifth of the book was devoted to the noble character and exploits of King Arthur. No scholars accepted the stories as factual, yet the deeds of this great king carried great resonance for the hero-hungry public. Could the elaborate tale, which Geoffrey was the first to put in writing, have been a total fiction? I think there's always a real possibility that there was an unusual person on whom Arthur is based. The reason I think so is partly from my sense of how medieval literature was written. Almost no one wrote just making it up out of their own minds. NARRATOR: Fully 600 years after the historical Arthur may have lived, the grandson of William the Conqueror sat on the English throne. Some scholars believe that the king encouraged Geoffrey of Monmouth to take the folk tale of Arthur and set it down as history in order to improve William's royal stature. Thus in 1138, the story of Arthur seems to have gone from a tale handed down generation to generation to a story that would evolve into one of the world's most beloved legends. In 1170, Chretien de Troyes, a French poet, would add a love interest to the story. 300 years later, in 1470, Sir Thomas Malory would write the first novel based on the epic exploits of Arthur and his court. It was to find popularity around the world. Finally, in the 19th century, "The Idylls of the King" by Alfred, Lord Tennyson would present the tale of Arthur in its most romantic light. As we shall see, all of these versions had great social and political impact. Geoffrey's book set in motion a new idea that appealed to the courts of all British kings and would soon become official policy. The name given it was chivalry, to which one swore an oath. READER (VOICEOVER): "Never to do outrage nor murder, and always to flee treason. To give mercy unto him that asketh mercy." The legend of King Arthur. I think the idea of the chivalric code is one of the most potent ideas that has ever been let loose in the history of Western thought. Knights developed a notion of the perfect way to treat other knights, which gradually led to the Geneva Conventions, to notions about how you treat prisoners of war, be they infantrymen of very lowly origins or officers of very high standing. READER (VOICEOVER): "And always do ladies, damsels and gentlewomen succor, upon pain of death." The legend of King Arthur. It's in Geoffrey of Monmouth that chivalry begins, and that is when Arthur marries Guinevere and there is a tournament at their marriage feast in which we're told that the men fought more bravely because they were inspired by the love of women. Linking the impulse to love with the impulse to war is one of the very roots of the Arthurian story. It is certainly the root of Arthurian chivalry. Chretien de Troyes seems almost singlehandedly to have invented the full-blown literature of medieval romance. It is wonderful to read these stories, because they suggest the intensity of passion to be found in the court of King Arthur. It's often said that people loved before the 12th century, but until Chretien de Troyes wrote his Arthurian romances, everyone thought that love was just bad for you. Chretien suggests that love is a compelling ideal through which we find our best selves. NARRATOR: But Chretien de Troyes also introduced to the legend the courageous knight Lancelot, who would soon enter into a profane love. READER (VOICEOVER): "He seemed the goodliest man that ever among ladies ate in hall and noblest of them all." The legend of King Arthur. NARRATOR: Having rescued Guinevere from an abductor and beknighted by her for it, Lancelot and the queen become lovers. Virtually all versions of the tale acknowledge their affair to be at the heart of Camelot's fall from grace. ALAN C. LUPAK: Courtly love in its origins and in its codification is usually almost always adulterous love. It's adulterous love partly in response to a very real situation in the Middle Ages. Marriages among noble people were often arranged marriages, and you would often have a young woman married to an old man just because it's politically expedient. Guinevere is the booty over which men argue. She represents the goal for which men fight. Guinevere is the Helen of Troy of the Middle Ages. She seems to go from the heights of clear, beautiful queenship, as one who is concerned only with the good of the people and the good of her husband, to a character who is little more than a whore. NARRATOR: The fabled love triangle among Guinevere, Lancelot, and Arthur would be more fully developed by later writers applying the moral values of their times. But in the 12th century, the first priority of the royalty in power was to legitimize as much of Arthur's life as possible, since all early British kings claimed to be descended from him. But there were many questions. How did he become king? Where was he buried? Geoffrey of Monmouth had named the fortress at Tintagel on the storm-wracked Cornish coast as Arthur's birthplace. There is perhaps no more romantically forbidding spot in all of Great Britain. It is here, Geoffrey wrote, that Arthur's lustful father seduced another man's wife. Arthur's father, King Uther, was holding a banquet in London, and among his guests were the Duke of Cornwall and his beautiful wife, Igerne. Uther conceived a violent passion for Igerne and was soon obviously paying her too much attention. Her husband took her back to Cornwall and put her in his fortress out on this great rocky promontory at Tintagel. But he had reckoned without Merlin. Merlin changed Uther into an exact likeness of the lady's husband-- a clone, you might say. And, of course, this was the perfect disguise. He marched in, and he had his way with Igerne, and this was how Arthur was born. NARRATOR: But why would Geoffrey of Monmouth pick Tintagel as Arthur's birthplace, a fortress apparently built in the 12th century, when the historical Arthur had lived 600 years earlier? Recently, archaeologists uncovered two previously unknown facts-- that a monastery had preceded the castle here, and that Mediterranean pottery identified in excavations dated back to Arthur's time, the 5th century. We're now finding a sizable commercial settlement which would, of course, have been in touch with the Mediterranean and so on. So Tintagel is suddenly reappearing, thanks to archeology, as a very interesting place, a place of great importance in the time of the Arthur figure. NARRATOR: While King Arthur may have been born here at Tintagel, there's little folklore dealing with his early years. One story has the baby Arthur swept ashore by the sea and raised by Merlin. Another has him as a young man prove he's heir to the throne by being the only one able to withdraw a mighty sword from a stone. Evocative reminders of a distant past still excite the imagination of those who investigate the ancient brooding landscapes of Great Britain. But how much about the golden age of chivalry can we acknowledge as fact and how much as only fantasy? Despite the code of chivalry, medieval women have the legal status of children, and a respected advice manual of the time recommended starving them to gain their obedience. NARRATOR: For the ancient Celts who had settled in Britain long before the Christian era, every aspect of nature held a spiritual power that was both to be feared and honored. As a young man, legend says that King Arthur was brought by his guardian Merlin to a secret place. A spirit from the deep known as the Lady of the Lake offered up the magical sword Excalibur. It would vanquish all foes of Arthur throughout his long life. Of all the forms of nature, the forests especially played a large part in Celtic folklore. They were considered part of the other world where giants and dragons lurked, ever on the lookout for human prey. By the 12th century, the ominous woods had become the hunting ground for the brave knights who served the King Arthur of book and song. How better to prove one's courage and skill than to kill a monster? Proof to one's peers and perhaps to one's lady love, who, not uncommonly, may have been abducted by the beast. READER (VOICEOVER): "Because of these noble lords about his hall, of whom each knight painted himself to be the hardiest champion, Arthur made the Round Table." The legend of King Arthur. NARRATOR: According to storytellers of the time, each of whom added to Geoffrey's history, as part of Guinevere's dowry to Arthur, Merlin was ordered to have a round table built which could seat 150 of the finest knights. All these men can sit together as equals at one table in which one's rank is not higher than another's, but in which each of their special capacities is recognized. Isn't that a wonderful principle for democracy? NARRATOR: By the 16th century, a round table designed by Henry VIII had been placed in Winchester Cathedral, where it remains on display to this day. The city of Winchester itself, west of London, had long been held to be the original site of the legendary Camelot. But in recent years, a new theory has evolved. West of Winchester are the remains of an 18-acre hilltop fort. Today, some believe it to be a likely location for Arthur's fabled court. READER (VOICEOVER): "People will tell you they have heard that Arthur much traveled here to Camelot." John Leland, 1542. NARRATOR: It is now called Cadbury Castle, though no structures remain. Modest excavations carried out in the 1960s confirmed there had been an Iron Age settlement here, which by the 5th century, Arthur's period, had evolved into the most sophisticated Celtic stronghold found in Britain. Walls measuring 14-feet thick once fortified the area. Experts also concluded that this may have been a political rather than a military center, with resources of wealth and manpower unequaled in the country at that time. But was it the home of Arthur and the glamorous court over which he presided? GEOFFREY ASHE: It's said that on a certain night in the summer, the ghosts of him and his men ride over the top of the hill. And, in fact, I have kept vigil once or twice, and I didn't see any ghosts. But down in the woods there, I heard the sound of a flute being played. It was very eerie. I did not go down to investigate. It would have been quite wrong to go down to investigate. Something was happening. That's about all I could say, really. NARRATOR: Could this area called Cadbury Castle have been the site of Camelot? I'm reminded of Troy. I mean, In the 18th century, everybody knew that Troy didn't exist. There was nothing there. But Schliemann believed it, and he went and dug. And lo and behold, not one Troy, but seven. I wouldn't be surprised if it should turn out that there was a major city resisting the Saxons around the 470s AD ruled over by a great figure named Arthur. How nice if we would find, just as we have found the Troy of Priam, the Camelot of Arthur. NARRATOR: If the physical reality of Camelot was ever to be established, we've yet to understand fully the key characters who are said to have lived there and gave it life, made it prosper, and influenced each succeeding age. READER (VOICEOVER): "He was strong but just, noble yet kind, passionate though wise." The legend of King Arthur. King Arthur appeals to people because he's accessible. That is, most heroes, it seems to me, simply aren't. They aren't human. But you think of Arthur. Here is the person who is the model of the heroic and ideal king, and yet he has all the defects of the private man and unaware of what his wife is doing. And he doesn't know how to handle that. And it seems to me it's that very humanity of him, all the faults he has as well as the virtues, that makes him enormously appealing. NARRATOR: And, of course, there's the legendary Merlin-- part devil, part saint-- who guided Arthur through his formative years. When Merlin was very young, legend says that his gift of prophecy saved his life from the hands of Vortigern, an earlier king. Vortigern is told that what he ought to do is sacrifice Merlin, the young boy, and that therefore his house will have a strong foundation. Merlin says with great cleverness to him, but your problem is not that you need to sacrifice a child. If you dig down there, you'll find two dragons who need to be destroyed before you can build a solid castle. Of course, they dig down. Of course, they find the dragons. And, of course, Merlin becomes the greatest engineer and the greatest magician in the land. NARRATOR: In some tales, Merlin is credited with magically transferring the engineering wonder known as Stonehenge from its supposedly original 4,000-year-old site in Ireland to its present one on Salisbury Plain in England. From the time of Chretien's romance, centuries would pass before anyone would write down a fully fleshed-out account of the entire legend. In 1470, Sir Thomas Malory completed "Le Morte d'Arthur," "The Death of Arthur," regarded not only as the definitive telling of the romance but as a literary masterpiece. In Malory, the pivotal figure of Lancelot is regarded as the paragon of chivalric virtue. His passion for Guinevere is not consummated until the final chapters. But in whichever century Arthurian romances were written and passed on, one theme persisted-- the quest. A noble knight was always leaving on a journey to find and destroy something or someone evil, to rescue a fellow knight or a lady love, or to seek the ultimate goal. The varied landscape of Great Britain is still graced by tangible reminders of the skill and imagination of those who lived here long before the birth of Christ. Christianity itself would gain an early foothold along with Caesar's legions. After many more centuries, it would eventually dominate the pagan religions of the land. But there would be no holy wars fought here in the Dark Ages, only bloodshed over secular passions-- greed, power, tribal jealousies-- irrational forces King Arthur is credited with bringing under control by the late fifth century. At about this time, one of the first British Christian communities was founded, and it survives to this day. It is called Glastonbury. A good part of the Arthurian legend has ties to this town and its 10th century abbey. Here are the waters of the Chalice Well, believed by some to have healing powers dating back to the time of Christ. Legend has it that the Holy Grail was brought to Glastonbury from the Holy Land at that time, and eventually this legend would play a powerful part in the actual history of England. READER (VOICEOVER): "Joseph of Arimathea, an honorable councilor, went boldly on to Pilate and craved the body of Jesus. And when he knew it of the centurion, he gave the body to Joseph." The Gospel according to Mark, 15:46. NARRATOR: According to legend, Joseph of Arimathea helped wash the body of Christ after the crucifixion and preserved Christ's blood in a chalice or grail. In this version of the tale, Joseph arrived in Glastonbury 30 years later with the sacred vessel. Centuries later, every knight in Arthur's court vied to be sent on this greatest of adventures to find the Holy Grail. What the Grail actually is varies from story to story. But what the physical object is isn't that important. But what's important is the spiritual quest and the virtue of the person engaged in that quest. NARRATOR: But there was only one knight truly qualified to gain this honor, and his name was Galahad. READER (VOICEOVER): "My strength is as the strength of 10, because my heart is pure." The legend of King Arthur. NARRATOR: Sir Thomas Malory was the first to write of the mystical encounter between the virtuous young knight and the Grail. The Grail, when it comes to Arthur's Round Table, comes on the same day that Galahad arrives at the round table. Galahad, the illegitimate son of Lancelot, comes to fill the Siege Perilous, the perilous seat in which if anyone sits who doesn't belong will destroy them. Galahad sits. All is well. Suddenly, there is darkness in the room. There is thunder heard outside. And in comes, hoving-- the verb is "hoving," like a hovercraft-- over the table this magnificent grail. And none of them touch the Grail, but each person there feels that he has eaten the best foods he's ever eaten, has drunk the best drinks he's ever drunk, is completely physically sated. The beautiful thing about the Grail is not that it's fully spiritual, but rather that it's so physical in its impact. It makes people happy. NARRATOR: For Galahad, however, the ecstasy he experiences takes him to a place where his fellow knights could not follow. Once he achieves the Grail, since his only focus is on the spiritual, there's nothing left in this world for him. And so he's taken from the world. It's interesting, of course, that Galahad is the son of Lancelot, and so that Lancelot, in effect, does not achieve the Grail himself but achieves it through his son. NARRATOR: The Christ-like purity of Galahad caused a later poet to have him buried in the holiest of places, Jerusalem. The Grail epic is only one of several major episodes said to have emanated from the medieval site called Glastonbury. Atop this hill, known as Glastonbury Tor, are the remains of a castle tower in which Guinevere is said to have been held captive before Lancelot rescued her. In some folklore, the tor itself is believed to be hollow and the point of entry to the underworld. But the past and present fame of Glastonbury rests on the contention that King Arthur was buried here after his last battle, Guinevere alongside him. In 1191, monks supposedly exposed the remains of bodies, underneath which was found a cross of lead with the inscription "Here lies buried the renowned King Arthur in the isle of Avalon." Unfortunately, both the cross and remains have disappeared. Some scholars suggest the monks had an ulterior motive when they publicized their discovery. CHARLES T. WOOD: Glastonbury became the wealthiest monastery in England. When you come to the 15th century, you find that the English are regarded as the most important Christians-- that when councils of the Church are held, England gets precedence over anyone else-- because Joseph of Arimathea, out of this Glastonbury story, is taken to be the true founder of the Church of England. NARRATOR: Whether or not Arthur was buried here, the appeal of this abbey has never diminished in its millennium-long history. I've lived in Glastonbury now for 20 years, and I was, you might say, spiritually here a long time before that. It's a deeply fascinating place. It's a very powerful sort of place as a great religious center long before Christianity, then as a great Christian center. And again and again, it shows this kind of vitality. NARRATOR: But the serenity of Glastonbury today belies the violent history that brought Great Britain to the fore as a world power. King Arthur, who lived by ideals, supposedly died by the sword. Why did Camelot, his perfect kingdom, last only his lifetime? Some claim that the unpopular Norman kings of England persuaded the monks to discover Arthur's grave at Glastonbury. This was supposed to prevent enemies from declaring themselves the immortal Arthur resurrected to lead the people in revolt. NARRATOR: Was King Arthur a true historical figure? We do not know. We do know that by the 12th century, his legend had made an impact on the actual rulers of Great Britain. The code of chivalry as set forth by Arthurian storytellers was adopted by royalty as a means of imposing guidelines on actual warfare. Early monarchs hoped and believed they could recreate the ideal court of Camelot. But 300 years later, the fabled kingdom was more remote from reality than ever. A major civil war, the War of the Roses, had broken out. Many scholars believe Sir Thomas Malory wrote "Le Morte d'Arthur" in a London jail. He was held there for eight years as a political prisoner. The book reflected the mood of public anguish over the violence that still raged throughout the land. The time in which Malory wrote is a very chaotic time in which kings are constantly being deposed. You look at any family tree in this period, you find that 2/3 of the people have little daggers after their names, which means they died a less than natural death. What runs through Malory's telling of it is that type of breakdown of chivalry and good lordship which he associates with the fight between red rose and white, Lancaster and York, which was the essence of the 15th century in which he lived. NARRATOR: With the advent of the printing press during his lifetime, Malory saw his version of the Arthurian legend become one of the first bestsellers. Despite its political overtones, the love triangle remained at the heart of the drama. READER (VOICEOVER): "Steadily, the queen beheld Sir Lancelot. She wept so tenderly she almost sank to the ground for sorrow, in that he had done for her such great goodness, whereas she had shown him great unkindness." Sir Thomas Malory. "Is she really a good girl? Or is she just a hopeless, adulterous bitch?" reflect, it seems to me, a great deal of difficulty in the Middle Ages of understanding women as human beings. As you read the medieval authors, you find that they're going back and forth between those poles of great purity and delicacy of the virgin on the one hand. On the other hand, that temptress, that carnal Eve. NARRATOR: There is little ambiguity, though, in Malory's treatment of King Arthur. King Arthur maintains his nobility, in spite of the fact that he's cuckolded. He doesn't receive the kind of derision that we find in many other medieval works for cuckolded husbands. It's not the typical situation where the two lovers want to go and have fun and deceive the foolish old husband. It's a situation where there is real feeling among the characters, and this is something that enhances the tragedy of that story. NARRATOR: Malory's 15th century narrative, written in a period of great political turmoil, would remain the most widely known account of the romance for the next 400 years. Then in the mid-1800s, the poet laureate of England, Alfred, Lord Tennyson, began writing his version, called "The Idylls of the King." It was an instant success, with an audience far different from Malory's. There was peace in the land. Queen Victoria reigned supreme. The sun never set on the British Empire. But the Industrial Revolution had just begun with a vengeance, and Tennyson, along with many major artists, feared that technology was the new evil abroad in the land. CHARLES T. WOOD: "Idylls of the King" does have a sad and despairing note. The sadness of the fall of Camelot, if you will, is the fall of rural, peaceful, agricultural England to the forces of modern steel and cotton mills. Camelot becomes, it seems to me, the symbol of that lost golden age but also becomes very much an ideal for raising the next generation. That is, everything suggests that all the stories of chivalrous knighthood were supposed to teach these future leaders of society how to be true, chivalrous leaders. The Arthurian ideal becomes the ideal of the ruling classes of England, it seems to me, at least down to the First World War. NARRATOR: By Tennyson's time, along with modern technology, science was also raising troubling questions for the Victorians. In a sense, their whole world view was being called into question, the whole moral world view as people began studying things like geology and proving that the Earth was older than it would be if we took the Bible literally. NARRATOR: But at the heart of Tennyson's version of the legend, as in all its tellings, the love triangle still dictates Camelot's destiny. Tennyson's Arthur is both a mother and a father to his society. One of the things Tennyson achieves by shoving the figure of Guinevere into the realm of sinfulness is to achieve the grandeur of Arthur. Both Arthur and Lancelot are profoundly noble, flawed only because they love this woman and flawed through their love of this woman. NARRATOR: All the magic at Merlin's disposal, all the wise leadership of Arthur, all the devotion of his loyal knights cannot prevent the downfall of Camelot. Human passions within the court, not hostile invaders from without, would end its golden age. In the Middle Ages, love madness, an obsession with a particular woman, was recognized as a disease for which physicians prescribed cures, such as bleeding and sexual intercourse. NARRATOR: For those who might wish to retrace the paths where Arthur and his bold knights might once have ventured, it is said there is scarcely an acre of British countryside over which their noble steeds did not race. Most people believe there is at least some truth to the Arthurian legends. But few believe that Merlin, despite his reputation, could have possessed magic or technical skill to erect this mystical monument, as he claimed. And what of Arthur himself? How are we to remember the legendary king, whose great hopes for the Round Table would be dashed within his own time? CHARLES T. WOOD: Is Arthur ever considered a sad figure? I don't think so. In American terms, it would be that of an Abraham Lincoln fighting the Civil War. And I don't think anyone ever talks about a Lincoln as a sad person, although he's a somber one. But he's got a sense of humor. Arthur seems to be like that. NARRATOR: And Arthur would go out, as he had begun, a warrior, his mighty sword Excalibur vanquishing the foe. In this case, the enemy was Mordred, his illegitimate son. Mordred had seen the love affair weaken the throne and decided that the crown could be his. In the Battle of Camlann, Arthur was forced to kill him but was himself mortally wounded. As strange as the legend of his birth, so is that of his death. He was escorted to the magical aisle of Avalon, where his wounds were treated by his half-sister, Morgan le Fay. His final command was to have Excalibur returned to the lake from which it first came to him. READER (VOICEOVER): "Many men say there is written upon his tomb 'Here lies Arthur, the once and future king.' Yet some men say in many parts of England that King Arthur is not dead." Sir Thomas Malory. NARRATOR: Some ancient legends have it that he was returned to Camelot and buried somewhere in this hillside. To this day, the legend has it that Arthur is only asleep, awaiting the call to return to rule a perfect earthly kingdom. No romantic eternity, however, followed Guinevere and Lancelot. Their passionate affair ended when Arthur fell in battle. Both lovers were repentant. Her remaining days were spent in a nunnery, his as a hermit. And so the legend of Camelot comes to a close, leaving a remarkable legacy of knights in shining armor living out the code of chivalry in a kingdom where each man's worth was weighed by his virtue. Camelot, a wondrous, ideal world, has been in our thoughts for a thousand years now. What is the special magic of this ageless tale? Camelot has always appealed to people, because it is a place, like the Garden of Eden and like a Persian garden, that is a kind of sacred space which is forever spring and where people are forever young. But it is also a place which, ultimately, like those other gardens, fails. And it seems to me it's that sort of triumph and tragedy that captures us century to century. It's a story that has great hope. But since it's a story that emerges from the Christian tradition, it is also a story of how we are all fallen creatures. Camelot is the best that human beings can make until we find not an earthly Jerusalem, but a heavenly one. I think the idea of Camelot does appeal very much because of the dream of the golden age. And as it was put at the end of the famous musical, "for one brief shining moment," it existed. And the difference between one brief shining moment and nothing at all is a very great difference. The legend of Camelot has inspired a Broadway musical and several movies and now a theme park in northern England. Among the attractions at the Magical Kingdom of Camelot-- England's one and only jousting arena. [theme music] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 