Dragon Ball Super: Season 1, Episode 86 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dragon Ball Super 
 s1e86 - Android 17 vs Goku - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dragon Ball Super (2015–2018): Season 1, Episode 86 - Android 17 vs Goku - full transcript 
 Goku travels to an isolated wildlife preserve run by Android 17, and attempts to recruit him for the Tournament of Power. 
 
 Download 
   ♪ Opening Song... *DRAGON BALL SUPER * Original one : Season 01 Episode 86 ♪ Don't you know I'm unstoppable? ♪ ♪ Don't even try, 'cause you will fall ♪ ♪ I got a strength, deep in my soul, ♪ ♪ that gives me courage and control ♪ ♪ I'll go beyond the limit break ♪ ♪ The universe is mine to take ♪ ♪ I have no fear, I think it's clear ♪ ♪ Let's kick it up into high gear ♪ ♪ Oh this is Dragon Ball Super ♪ ♪ We've got the skills to blow Zeno away! ♪ Previously, on Dragon Ball Super, Goku rushed to build his team for the tournament! You know, Krillin, the one thing I know for sure is that you're my best friend. I'm counting on you, pal! And 18, of course! But just as Krillin and 18 joined the team, the Supreme Kai of the Eleventh Universe convened his counterparts from across the cosmos in an emergency summit. As I was saying, we should approach Grand Zeno and ask him to reconsider this contest. Is this the ludicrous scheme that you called us here to discuss? What good will begging do us? The Omni-King has already made up his mind! I doubt it'll work. And if we upset him, it's entirely possible that he'll simply do away with all of us right there on the spot. What to do? What to do? Hwah. Just what to do? Sadly, I must agree. Then they leave me little choice. I had hoped to forge a mutually beneficial agreement so that all eight universes might survive, but if they won't help, only one will be spared. And while it gives me no pleasure to say this, it's clear that my Eleventh Universe will be the lone survivor. After all, we do have the strongest warriors in the cosmos. But Goku was out to prove him wrong. Time's running out. So can you please tell me where 17 is? I've kept tabs on him for some time. He lives on a large island in the south. Do you want me to show you the way? That'd be awesome, thanks! Can Goku convince 17 to join his team? At long last, the two fighters meet, now! "First Time Exchanging Blows! Android 17 vs. Goku!!" Title: "First Time Exchanging Blows! Android 17 vs. Goku!!" Move the Lookout south! Uh? Wow, this is awesome. Yeah, I guess. And all you have to do now is sit back and relax. This will be our first time actually meeting. You don't think he still wants to destroy me, do you? Of course not! These days, he's like a totally different person! Android. But still! He's got a wife and kids and even earns a nice, steady paycheck! That is different! I guess even Androids settle down when they get older. 18 said he's a park ranger in some kind of animal preserve. Is that true? That's right, and he's responsible for protecting an entire island from poachers. Wha...? Just because he's behaving better doesn't mean he can't fight, though. He's still strong! In fact, I'd say he's stronger than ever before. If you two were enemies, things could get pretty tricky for you. Hold on, how strong are we talking here? Lately, you've spent so much time worrying about the rest of the cosmos that you've missed all the big changes happening right here on Earth! Well, there's so much stuff happening, its been hard to keep track! But I can't wait to see how strong he's gotten. And I hope he's been keeping up with his training! Speaking of, there's a young man in a nearby village you should meet. He possesses a tremendous fighting ability, though it's still unrefined. Oh, wow. So a raw talent, huh? I think he's truly gifted, but he doesn't even realize it yet. Which I suppose makes sense, considering he's more of a boy than a man. Oh, so then he's still nothing but a little rug rat, huh? Well so much for adding him to my Tournament of Power team! I know you don't have time for him now, but once he grows up a little more, I think you should show him how to use his powers. So you want me to be this kid's teacher? I'm not sure I'm cut out for that sorta thing. There's something else you need to know. He's the reincarnation... of the Majin Buu you destroyed. I hope you can come back once more. But good. I want to fight you again, one-on-one, without all the loss. I'll be right there waiting for you, only stronger. Till then, Buu. So he really came back! You don't sound surprised. Well, I did ask for it. Once there's time, I'll definitely pay him a visit! Of course, you'll never get the chance unless you find a way to stop Grand Zeno from destroying our universe. No problem, got it! I trust you, Goku. You'll get 17 onboard and win the tournament. Ah. Lookout, stop! Are we here? Yes, fly down to the island below and you should find 17. Thanks for the help. I really appreciate it, Dende! Bye! We're counting on you, Goku. Good luck! Whaa! It's huge! 17 protects all this? Oh, man, he could be anywhere, and all this jungle isn't helping. It'd be a whole lot easier if I could sense his energy. Uh! Okay, boys! Open fire! Yeah! You poachers never learn. Don't just stand there! Shoot him! Huh? I bet that's him! Nghhh! Ah! Hm. Same old, same old. Hey there! You're Android 17, right? Well aren't you informed seeing as we've never met. Your eyes are a dead giveaway... They're just like 18's! Hm. Hardly surprising, considering she is my twin sister. Hi, my name's Goku. Though from the look in your eyes I'd say you already knew that. Yes, I knew the moment I heard your voice. Let's just say I've heard it before. Hm? Who are they? No-good poachers. Yeah! I want that ranger destroyed! What're you gonna do now? The same thing that I always do. - Help if you want. - Oh, yeah? Just make sure you don't accidentally hurt the animals. - Let's go. - Right! Oh, and one more thing. Don't kill the men, just stop 'em. Uh? Eeeh! You're not fast enough to stop me from this range! Ooh! You can either show respect for all creatures of the earth, or I can bury you six feet beneath it. You'd better choose wisely. Why you! You'll pay for this! No matter how many I get rid of, they keep coming. Like waves on the beach. What makes this island such a magnet for those guys? Most come to hunt the Minotauros for his horns. They go for a fortune on the black market. What's a Minotauros? Well, why don't you see for yourself? Whoa. That's a Minotauros? Cool! Of all the things I do on this island, protecting him might be the most important. So you don't just help cute little animals, you look after after dangerous monsters, too. Must be tough. Even monsters deserve a chance at life. Can't argue with that. Wow! He's looking right at me! - Let's go! - No, don't! Wait, what? Follow me. Man, that Minotauros sure has a short temper! They used to be among the more mild-mannered animals. But poaching has altered their behavior. It's made them aggressive toward man. Is that so? The Red Data Book says they're critically endangered. He's not only the last one on the island, but most likely the last one in the world. Seriously? Yeah. Once he's gone, they're prob'ly gone forever. It's hard to believe I'm finally meeting you now after all this time. I never thought this day would come. Until a few hours ago, I hadn't really thought about it either! Hm. Life is funny. After Doctor Gero ordered us to find and destroy you, hunting you down was my sole obsession. But instead it was me who was hunted down by Cell, another of the doctor's creations. Despite all my effort, I never got to fight you. I know. So I have no idea what you're capable of. Hm. And why's that matter? I know it's strange me showing up like this out of nowhere. But I need to see just how strong you are. Hm. You still haven't told me why. I'm looking for strong allies. The strongest in the entire universe! Fight me, 17! Let's see what you've got! Uh! Oh, no! The jungle! Not bad, 17! Yeah, and you're pretty good, too! You really know how to handle yourself in a fight! Just 'cause I've been on an island doesn't mean I've been taking it easy! The problem for you is I've gotten stronger, too. If you were fighting the old me, you might have a chance! Huh? Hmm. That seems to be quite the transformation. To be honest with you, I didn't think I'd need it for this fight. So what you're saying is you've been holding back. You're toying with me. That makes us even, 'cause I don't think you've taken me seriously, either. Hmmm. Want to keep going? Let's go as hard as we can. Won't hurt the animals from up here. Ka... me... ha... me... Ha! That's enough for now. Huh? Even at this height, we could still destroy the island. Maybe you're right. I was getting carried away. Dende was right, too. I might be in trouble if we were enemies. I think it's a good bet that if we fought back then, I would've lost. That's hard to say. It still feels like you're holding back on me. That's funny. I was just about to say the same thing about you. Hm. Hm. Everything changed for me after the Dragon Balls brought me back. I was able to get this job. Not long after that, I met my wife. Then we had children and I settled into this relatively quiet life. I'd love to meet the missus and any of the little 17s. Are they around? No. With the poachers, it's too dangerous for them to come to the island. What about pictures of them? You're really interested? All right, hold on. Oh, cool, you didn't say you had three of 'em! One's ours, two are adopted. Wow, you don't say. What do you want, Goku? - Hm? - I know you didn't come to this island just to get an update on my personal life. You're right. I just didn't know the best way to explain it. That's the first time today you've been at a loss for words. It's like this. Aaah! What a scrumptious spread! Aah! That hit the spot. And with that, it's time for a nap. Wake me in an hour. And get me one more bucket of those potstickers. All these naps are a vice, my lord, and so is gluttony... Can you please choose one or the other? Hm! Our universe may be destroyed in mere days, so I'll do whatever I want. Why do I even bother? So there you have it. Hm. A tournament of power. That's quite a story, Goku. Yeah, but it's all true! So, you're asking me to leave my responsibilities down here to fight in this tournament? Yep! You in? I'm not. What? 17! Each member of the winning team gets ten million zeni! When it comes to money, I'm fine. This job pays surprisingly well. The tournament won't take you that long, and you'll still have this job, too. Look, it's not about the job. It's about the island. I can't afford to leave it. Hey, when I say the tournament won't take long, I mean, like, two hours tops! Two hours is more than enough time for those poachers to come back and ravage this place. If this island needs some protection, I can just have Trunks and Goten come over and watch the place while we're gone. Trunks, I remember. Who's Goten? My son! He can rough up any poachers, no problem. This takes more than just strength. Sorry, Goku. You need to find someone else. Huh? Hey! Don't do this to me! Everyone's fate depends on this tournament! Wait, what? What?! Oh, nevermind. All right, what are you keeping from me? There's nothing. I toldya everything. It's obvious. You'd never come all the way out here to recruit me for just a martial arts exhibition. Well, that ain't nececssarily true! I want the full story, Goku. Uh. Gohan made me promise not to tell any of the recruits, but... here's the truth. If we lose the tournament, our universe will be destroyed. I assume you don't want that. Fight with us and at least we've got a chance. The guys on the other universes' teams are all super strong! If we're doomed, so be it. Obliteration for all. Not just the helpless. That's a fate I can accept. Uh. Bye, Goku. I hope you fight bravely. Boss! We've finally reached Earth! Scans of the southern island indicate a concentration of lifeforms, including the fabled "Minotauros"! All right. Good! What are we waiting for? Let's start poaching! Yeah! Only 31 hours and 40 minutes remain until the start of the Tournament of Power! But Android 17 opting out is throwing a serious wrench in the plans. What's your next move, Goku? The countdown continues, next time on Dragon Ball Super! ♪ Closing Song... ♪ Boogie Back! ♪ ♪ My heartbeat keeps growing faster ♪ ♪ Every step, that I take brings me back to you ♪ ♪ Boogie Back! ♪ ♪ Give me happy ever after ♪ ♪ Let the dream of our love come true ♪ ♪ Boogie Back! ♪ ♪ Boogie Back! ♪ Sync corrections by srjanapala 
 
 Play Now 
 Download 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 