Dragon Ball Super: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dragon Ball Super 
 s1e9 - O matase, Birusu-Sama Tsuini Sûpâ Saiya-jin Goddo tanjô - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dragon Ball Super (2015–2018): Season 1, Episode 9 - O matase, Birusu-Sama Tsuini Sûpâ Saiya-jin Goddo tanjô - full transcript 
 The Saiyans finally manage to form the Super Saiyan God, and the battle with Bills begins. 
 
 Download 
   Translator : Phr0stY   Timer : Phr0stY   Editor : Phr0stY   ----- AnimeRG.la ----- Let's pick back up itsuka togireta The dream that never ended yume no tsuzuki hajimey? Just join up the stars hoshi o tsunagete Drawing a door up in the sky sora ni tobira kakeba ii This is a brand new stage arata na stage wa For challenging the Gods! kami ni idomu basho Fierce, intense, dynamic! ky?retsu m?retsu dynamic! Let's go! Go! Make a big panic! Let's Go! Go! dai panic! Losing will just make you stronger makeru to tsuyoku naru Being called foolhardy just means... minohodo shirazu ni wa Regrets and limits won't ever stop you! k?kai to ka genkai to ka nai mon Superb, sublime, dynamic! s?zetsu ch?zetsu dynamic! Let's go! Yes! Show me your kicks! Let's Go! Yes! renda kick Make us shake with excitement! abisete mushaburui You've got a super tale to tell! sugee koto ga matte'run da ze Play one of the best new FPS shooters, search Steam for PROJECT WARLOCK upset the God of Destruction Beerus, went berserk. Enough of a this! Bulma, after seeing her birthday party get ruined, slapped Beerus Leave here immediately What did... What did you... What did you do to my Bulma?! After being overwhelmed by anger,  will Vegeta, be able to stop Beerus? Damn you, Beerus! I'll never forgive you! Goku Steps Up! The Last Chance From Beerus-sama?! Say what? God or no god, you will know the boundaries of humiliation. I'll smash you to pieces! You're a disgrace! That light... I failed miserably, Damn it! Please tell me,  are you a Super Saiyan God? Or am I wrong? He is way too weak to be considered... A worthy opponent. Dad, why did you stop?  You were winning! It's delicious. Can I also have this to go please? You know, It's been a while since somebody has  forced me to use one-tenth of my true power? I have to admit, you provided me more entertainment  than Saiyan residing on the North Kai's planet Vegeta! Get a grip, do you hear me, Vegeta? This is the end of everything. Earth will be destroyed. Now, all that's left is the destruction of Earth. I was thinking. but I think it would be a waste to destroy it. as the food of this planet called Earth is very delicious. At least in comparison to other planets. Right? Why do you want destroy it?  it would be a great loss. We have an ever heaps of goodies. What is all that? Speak up! You heard me. What you tasted, was only a drop in the ocean compared to the other treats we have Therefore, I ask you, please reconsider destroying the Earth. I understand. In that case, I offer you another chance. What do you mean by that? heave-ho! heave-ho! heave-ho!  heave-ho! heave-ho! heave-ho! you guy's are miserable, paddle faster. We can't paddle faster we are too tired maybe you can help, glorious Pilaf... ... you can paddle, we are both tired from paddling. Do not complain to me here! You are surprised that we complain. We could have eaten more ... Hey, what are you talking about? I think that you forgot to  take our leftovers that we packed? You were so angry and in a rush  that we forgot them. Just great! Then out of the blue, you gave the order to abandon ship, we barely even had enough time to find this boat. Do not change the subject on me here! How could you forget our stuff? What did i do to deserve such incompetent subordinates?! It might just be back on the ship, glorious Pilaf-sama? You said it yourself that there are certainly Dragonballs on that ship Wait! Wait! Wait! was life not nice to you, or what? If you risk it, I'm convinced that we will fall into good treasures. Do not change the subject on me here! Shut up already! Stop being so whiners Do you want to die messing around  with those monsters over there You, Mr. Pink Pig why are you hiding? Step forward, step forward. Who me?! He said it clearly, you are the only pink pig around here. W-W-Why? Why m-m-me? H-H-Hey, F-F-Friends! you ... you're the same race of the guy  who did not want to invite me for some pudding , right? You're Wrong! This is a misunderstanding! The fact that we are both pink, is mere coincidence. I offer you another chance. Chance? Exactly. Chance. You know how to play paper, rock, scissors, do you not? A game of this paper, rock, scissors? Yes, just about this. No! If Mr. Pink Pig wins  this whole  paper, rock, scissors game, I will reconsider. If I win, you won't destroy the earth, right? However? Know that if I win, Earth will be destroyed. Do you understand? It takes an extremely compassionate person to give second chances. I'm so kind to have given you a second chance.  We should do it before i change my mind. If this is a dream, please let someone wake me up. If you don't want to, no problem. AnimeRG.la I am always ok with destruction. Come on do it, Oolong. yeah Oolong let's put everything on the line. Are you serious? Never before in the entire history of the Earth has a game had this much on the line. I can not! The fate of is too much for my shoulders! Hurry up and decide I hate waiting around! It's okay! I'm not sure if i can protect the Earth from destruction, but I'll try. So, are we going to play? Well, I'm going. Okay, come on! I think I'll have this here sea bass. Who will prevail victorious. --paper, rock, scissors! --paper, rock, scissors! Come join us @ www.animerg.la D-Draw. O-O Oh no! The God of Destruction, to draw with a pig? You cheated me, right? I have not done that! oh really... it is not uncommon for the game to end in a draw! Maybe you're right. Sorry, that I kept you waiting. Here you are. As you requested. I also packed you a rice cake. Thank you. You are the champion of satisfaction I hope you are invited again in the future. Again in the future? Who knows, who knows. The probability is, however, negligible. Shall we go again? --Rock-paper-scissors. --Rock-paper-scissors. I can't look. you are stubborn. So are you... I'm getting annoyed. Not good. whatever the outcome, earth will be turned to dust. Oolong. If you win, I'll give you, what whatever you desire. I think I'll try this? What, what do you mean? Right. I made my decision. So, in that case, So will I... Okay, I see. They both behave like seasoned players. Right. Like true veterans --On Who falls on this bang. --On Who falls on this bang. --paper, rock, scissors. --paper, rock, scissors. I lost! Fool! Fool! Fool! Why did you  throw the same sign three times in a row They say, the third time is the charm, right! This is called being a loser ! I told you not hate me for losing ! Since you so smart, why didn't you play! You could have used a different sign! Stop it already. It's Always me. you act like everything I do is wrong. Calm down. As always, you act like a nitwit Sorry Beerus-sama please excuse me for the delay. Why are you so greedy, Whis? Do you have a single ounce of decency. I want to eat it fresh , We can both do so if we return at once. Good. Piccolo, you were right. If I had to face them, even with all my might, I couldn't come close. Yeah. Resistance is futile. Residents of this world.. goodbye. Stop! Goku, is that you? Kakarotto? Goku! Goku, baby! Dad! Father! Finally you showed up. As always you appear at the last minute. Happy birthday, Bulma! Don't you think this is probably not the best time? I'm sorry , I forget to bring your gift By the way, today is your birthday so how old are you today? My age, is currently not of any importance to you! do not bother yourself You again? AnimeRG.la Tell me, have you identified this, Super Saiyan god It's still one big mystery to me, but who knows. I do ask nicely for you not to destroy the planet. Do not give advice. I won in the paper, rock, scissors. Beerus-sama, for that reason,  Earth's fate has been decided? By a game? What, you want to face me again I have had enough already. Honestly, I have no idea if it is even possible to beat you Beerus-sama Beerus-sama we could at  least try again to see what happens Try? What? We can try to come up with a way  of finding a Super Saiyan God I just need a little time. Just a little. Do you agree? Just a little... Fine but only a tiny bit? Thank you Beerus-sama What the hell are planning Kakarotto? We will use the power of Shenron. Well Beerus-sama, do you think he will be able  to find a Super Saiyan God? I woke up after sleeping for 39 years  to meet this Super Saiyan God. Yes. Indeed. Remember, however, that this is really my last attempt at trying. If it does not appear, Earth- No, the whole solar system will be destroyed. Bulma, can I borrow the Dragonballs? What? Goten, Trunks, the Dragon Balls  are here as one of the prizes, right? All seven balls are being kept here on the ship Trunks, did you by any chance...? I took Goten along with me... Sorry, Bulma. You boys are so naughty. Hey. just how long have you been watching us Don't laugh, just answer. Oh, Vegeta, can we talk about this later Well, Bulma, Can I use the Dragon Balls? If that's what it takes to teach that pompous idiot  then so be it. You shouldn't call him a pompous idiot. That guy is named Beerus. He is the God of Destruction, and the most powerful being in the universe. The most powerful being in the universe? A god who is responsible for destroying? I see little kids hurrying off Colourful backpacks on their backs If I was a kid like them... What color would I choose? Where would I be heading? Hello, hello hello...? What do you think of the man I've become? Hello, hello hello...? Can you be proud of the man you'll become? As you grow, you may slip up at times But you'll come out on top, just wait and see This is my song for the younger me Hey! It's me, Goku. Shenron I beg you please bring us the guy they are talking about, the Super Saiyan God. Say what? No way? Beerus is upset and has scared Shenron, this this is bad Not good. It is our last chance. What happens now? Next time on Dragon Ball Super Sorry About the Wait, Beerus-sama Finally, Super Saiyan God is Born! Don't miss it. 
 
 Play Now 
 Download 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 