Dragon Ball Super: Season 1, Episode 15 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dragon Ball Super 
 s1e15 - Yûsha Satan yo kiseki o okose! Uchû kara no chôsen-jô!! - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dragon Ball Super (2015–2018): Season 1, Episode 15 - Yûsha Satan yo kiseki o okose! Uchû kara no chôsen-jô!! - full transcript 
 Mr. Satan receives a recognition for saving the Earth. On stage, in front of many people and TV cameras, Mr. Satan must face unexpected visitors. 
 
 Download 
   Play one of the best new FPS shooters, search Steam for PROJECT WARLOCK N- No. 17...! Why, you...! What are you doing!? I am the one who created you--! You miserable pile of junk...! Doctor Gero was killed by Artificial Human No. 17, whom he himself had built. However... ...the computer that Doctor Gero had been using continued to operate, in order to create the mightiest of all Artificial Humans. Break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away) As a panorama spreads itself throughout my being! The earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)! And makes one of its volcanoes explode! If, within the thawed polar ice, There is a dinosaur, then I want to train him to balance atop a ball. CHA-LA-HEAD-CHA-LA No matter what may happen, I feel as though nothing can bother me, CHA-LA-HEAD-CHA-LA However hard your chest pounds, the Genki Dama will roar! CHA-LA-HEAD-CHA-LA The emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams, CHA-LA-HEAD-CHA-LA With a cheerful face and an Ultra-Z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai... Sparking! Extreme Battle!! The Three Great Super Saiyans Miss ''World's Most Beautiful Girl'' World Competition Hey, Oolong, aren't they going to start this soon? You're a fine one to talk. They said it's going to be held at 7:00 in the evening. It was a certain dirty old man that wanted to line up for it now, I believe. It's the ones who sit in the very front that get to see the Pichi-pichi gals the best, you know! After all, this is the Miss ''World's Most Beautiful Girl'' World Competition! Just imagining it makes my blood pressure rise! To be able to get young Pichi-pichi gals to play pafu-pafu- with me after going so long without...! Pichi-pichi gals, huh? You guys! Both of you, cut it out with your indecent thoughts! We're in front of Trunks here, aren't we? Um, Kuririn-san, I don't particularly... You guys are going to corrupt this young man's purity of heart! Ha! You're a fine one to say so! Kuririn! What was all that earlier? There's no use for us to line up here! Let's go peek into the changing rooms! Quickly, let's go! We might be able to peek in at a girl changing into her swimsuit! Ah, I wonder, are there going to be are any cute girls that would be my bride!? O- oh, no, that was a just a gag! That was obviously just a gag, wasn't it? I aim to be a martial artist that can also let fly with the gags, you know! Well, Oolong, let's go peek into the dressing rooms, just you and I! Sure thing! Kuririn, keep our places for us! Come on, now! I'm going to tell the police! Trunks... sorry, man! Hold our places, okay? Kuririn-san! What am I going to do with them? I wish Goku-san and the others would finish shopping already. I had that one first! Gohan, why do women love shopping as much as this? In Mother's case, it looks like she uses shopping to relieve stress. Maybe that's it... Goku-sa, take these too! Are you finished now, Chichi? Next up are clothes for you, Goku-sa! You wear the same thing all year round! You're goin' to dress up once in a while! ...I'm just a bit run-down, that's all--! Son Goku... Kuririn and the others sure goofed up! To think they were off by a whole day! I thought it was kind of strange, you know? I mean, nobody was lining up, except for us. Well, we'll just have to look forward to tomorrow. Welcome-- --What's wrong? --What's the matter? Gohan, you've got to eat more! You'll never grow up, otherwise! I just can't keep up with Father's appetite. You should stop eatin' before you get stuffed. If you eat too much, then the blood stops circulatin' to your head, you know. And that gets in the way of studyin'. 'Scuse me, can I get another helping? Son Goku... Son Goku... Father...! G- Gohan, don't you let go! Who is it that did all this? Gohan, get Chichi to safety! Kuririn, Trunks, you too! Get everyone as far away from me as you can! Ah! Those high heels were expensive! Mother! Sure enough, it looks like they're only after me. Who are you guys? Seeing as how I can't sense any Ki from you, you ain't human, huh? I get it. That means that you're Artificial Humans, created by Doctor Gero, huh? He doesn't give up easily, does he? Goku-san! Trunks! Goku-san! If we fight here, the casualties will just increase! Let's fly off to the glacial belt to the north, where no one else is around! All right! You guys, come on! Kuririn-san...! Gohan, unfortunately, it doesn't look like we have any part to play this time. Our levels are too different. But still, we might be of some use to them! I'm going! --Gohan! --No you don't! Startin' tomorrow, you've got summer cram school courses, don't you!? We've already paid the tuition! B- but...! Durin' this summer vacation, you promised me you would study, didn't you!? Mother, between studying and Father's life, which is more important!? Ah, Gohan! See here, Gohan! Gohan! Chichi-san... I know well how Gohan must feel. Kuririn! What are you dawdlin' around for!? You've got to get goin'! Hurry up and go! Ee-yow! Kuririn, be careful, okay? Damn. Looks like I'll never find a bride in this lifetime. Son Goku... Nobody should have to hold back here! Now, come on! I won't let you lay a finger on Goku-san! Trunks... Trunks! G- Goku-san...! Not even Son Goku is able to fight the way he had hoped, it seems. That Doctor Gero... Just how many Artificial Humans did he make? We are Artificial Humans, born of the computer that Doctor Gero used, for the sole purpose of killing you. His computer? To kill me? Doctor Gero's desire for vengeance upon you was transferred into the computer. We are what was created from the hatred that had increased inside the computer once it obtained the desire for vengeance. Son Goku, all of your data has been input into the computer, and we can predict any move you make. That is why No. 15 was able to read your every move. How can a computer make someone's hatred grow by itself!? Kid, our only objective is to kill Son Goku. However, if you get in the way, then that's another story! We will kill anyone that defends Son Goku! We'll see if it goes as easily as that. Let's see if you can last even a minute with No. 14 and No. 15 as your opponents. Kuririn-san... All right! K- Kuririn-san? Awesome... We'll just have to watch how things go from here for a little while. Son Goku, you will fight me now. All of our circuits were built in order to defeat you. You cannot escape from this place alive. You let innocent people get caught in the crossfire while trying to kill me? I definitely ain't letting you get away with that! Father! Wait, Gohan! At our power, there's nothing we can do! Goku-san! Trunks-san...! Just as I should have expected. To think that you could take that blast of mine head-on and still be alive...! Father! Gohan! Are you saying you plan to catch the whole of my S.S. Deadly Bomber!? It has enough power to blow away half of this planet! What!? Vegeta! Dad! Do not misunderstand, Kakarrot. I did not come to save you. Kakarrot will be disposed of at the hand of me, Vegeta-sama, prince of the Saiyans! Do you think I would allow wind-up dolls such as yourselves to rob me of finishing him off!? Son Goku has yet another traveling companion into the next world. No. 15, you take him! Let's continue, Son Goku... What's the matter, Son Goku? I'm just barely getting warmed up! Or is it that you're too afraid to come out? I've heard what you guys have been saying! You underestimate our power! Don't get too carried away, you piece of crap! Dammit! Kuririn-san! They've done it! All three Super Saiyans have come together! Father! Way to go, Goku! Father! Stop, Gohan! Ah! Gohan, don't! Gohan! It's Piccolo-san! P- Piccolo? Yo, Son! It's Piccolo-san all right! Piccolo! Piccolo, I owe you one. It's not over yet. He's right. You're Piccolo, right? If you're going to interfere in my fight with Son Goku, then I'll kill you too, while I'm at it. You expect me to let you kill me while you're at it? You're the one who's going to come rattling apart! You guys are nothing but junk mannequins after all! No. 14 and No. 15 have been done in, huh? Vegeta! Kakarrot, Piccolo, you stay out of this! I'm going to dispose of this! Dad! Vegeta! Why is it always me? Dammit! Father! I will be the one who defeats Kakarrot! Goku... san...! Father! Kuririn-san! You miserable monster! Take this! Kuririn-san! Kuririn-san! G- give me... your Genki... Share your... Genki... with me...! Father! Share with me... share with me... your Genki...! From the seas... from the mountains... Kakarrot belongs to me! Keep your hands off of him without my say-so! Share all of your Genki... with me...! Have to let Goku-san... make that Genki Dama... Come on, Artificial Human! I am he who has come from twenty years into the future, Trunks! Twenty years from now, on Earth, you do not exist! That is because today, here, you will be defeated by Goku-san! Son! Show him the power of a Super Saiyan! G- Goku, it won't work! You can't create a Genki Dama as a Super Saiyan! You can't create a Genki Dama with a malicious heart! Son Goku...! Son Goku!! Father! Yo! At the same time Goku transformed into a Super Saiyan, he unconsciously drew the energy from the dissipating Genki Dama into himself. That has to be it! I don't even know! Kuririn-san, you did well! You did too, Trunks! This is what happens when you don't keep active every once in a while! Oolong! Yow-ow-ow! Don't overdo it, Kuririn! Gohan! Hurry up and get better, so you can go to summer school! By the way, are Piccolo-san and Vegeta-san going to be all right? It's not like they're going to die, you know! What is it that waits for me? No one can tell! An endless ploy, with a thirst for blood, closes in without mercy! We rise to face everything before our eyes, as it becomes our time! My fury (it's at its limit!), and yes, my power (it's at its limit!) My threshold (it's at its limit!), and yes, my limits (are at their limits!) The End 
 
 Play Now 
 Download 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 