Moonshiners: Season 4, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Moonshiners 
 s4e9 - Shine Jacked - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Moonshiners (2011–…): Season 4, Episode 9 - Shine Jacked - full transcript 
 The law is on the prowl. Moonshiners are going to extremes to protect themselves and their shine. Josh and Bill secure an underground stash spot with some serious horsepower, and Mark, Jeff, and Lance decide to bootleg this season's haul off-road. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [ keyboard playing ] Narrator: Tonight on "moonshiners"... They broke into the place and tried to burn it up. ...Skeletons in tim's closet... It could be just in kentucky, or they could be coming here. ...An uninvited guest... ...And a dirty deal. Aw, man. No [bleep] way. Get in, man. Man: This is how we make the moonshine! Captions paid for by discovery communications Narrator: Hidden beneath the forest canopy of the appalachian mountains, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 A high-stakes game is underway. [ siren wails ] And the law has the upper hand. In the smoky mountain high country, Three shiners are looking over their shoulders. We got to know what we got to do. We got to make a living. Mark, jeff, and lance have been running Their 760-gallon still around the clock, Pumping out tens of thousands of dollars worth of liquor. Jeff: We're in flash mode now, filling jugs. Narrator: Now they're running low on supplies, And they need to quickly re-up. Jeff's right to be paranoid. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Deputy sheriff chuck stewart is building a case against them. Lance waldroup -- he's the one I'll be looking at. Narrator: Now other officers have begun to take notice. And buying 500 pounds of sugar at a busy retail store May be asking for trouble. Yeah, that sounds good to me. Believe I see a law car. [ siren wails ] He's getting us. Narrator: Tracking bulk sugar buys are a surefire way For the authorities to identify moonshiners. Good. Okay. Okay. Every time we get out and we go somewhere, we get stopped. Narrator: When the law starts sniffing around, Most shiners have no choice but to go underground. And some shiners take going underground To the extreme. [ grunting ] all right. You gonna get our pump working first thing? Yeah. After some unwanted attention From the local police department... If y'all messing with the moonshine, I'd advise you different. ...Josh and bill needed a safe place To stash their shine. Money in the ground, baby. Narrator: These underground tanks can hold 600 gallons. Right now, they're sitting empty. Josh: So, we're having a little bit of trouble Out of the motor on the pump. We got everything all wired And piped together and ready to go. And as luck would have it, the motor didn't want to work. So now we're gonna pour some good old cooking oil in it, Hit it with a hammer a few times. Hopefully, we can get it back working. All right, you ready? Narrator: The hydroxide molecules in vegetable oil Bond with the oxygen in rust, Making it an ideal, cheap lubricant For loosening the seized pump. [ motor clicking ] [ motor whirs ] hell, yeah. Bill: There she goes. There she goes. I got to take my damn shirt off. I am about to die. This is gonna be bad to the bone. Yes, it is. Josh: All we got to do now is get this thing covered up, Get it camouflaged good, go make our moonshine, Bring it back, fill our stash house up, And we'll have a stockpile of moonshine. That ain't nothing but money in the ground. [ imitates cash register dinging ] [ tool whirs ] It's like there's not even a hole there. How about that? You like it? Think we ought to put a car on top of it. Put a car on top of it. Do it -- like, what? We're trying to camouflage it, right? When I mentioned putting an old junk car On top of our stash house so we can get in and out easy, Bill was definitely on board. And then we'll leave the hood Right where we want to go up and down. Pop the hood open, Then have like a little ladder or something. Or hell, just crawl inside the car. You see what I'm saying? Bill: Might be taking a couple extra steps. In my thinking, a pile of brush would be plenty. Couple more things to figure out If we're gonna throw a car on top of that hole. Narrator: Moonshiners have long devised Clever ways to stash their shine. Haystacks, false walls, and trap doors Have provided ways for moonshiners to stay hidden. But the most sophisticated system May have been at the "21" club bar in new york city, Which was custom built to evade detection during raids. Equipped with levers that would ditch the bottles And a liquor stash room hidden behind a false brick wall, This prohibition-era speakeasy was frequently raided, But never busted. You feel me? Yeah. For today, I was just hoping to get the thing painted. Well, you can still paint it. We can do that. Bill: Throwing a junk car on top of that thing, It's gonna be that much more work. But we're gonna have pretty much our retirement plan, our 401(k), Down in there, in a hole. Just one more layer of security Just to keep people away from our liquor -- That sounds good to me. I think our first run, We're gonna have to damn sell something Just so we can get some cash back in the hole. Cost-wise, I mean, It's not a bottomless budget we're working with To get this still up and running. We got to get on the ball, brother. Narrator: Moonshiners will move mountains to make their whiskey, A tradition tim smith preserved Even after leaving the woods behind. I want to show you the platform that the guys built -- Okay, good. ...To put your massive tank on. What I want to do is let's be sure that this is gonna fit. Even after applying some backwoods ingenuity To a state-of-the-art commercial still... Come on, come on, come on, come on! Get back up there. ...It couldn't match the classic taste of tim's shine. But it ain't my moonshine, though. We got the tank right over here. Narrator: So he's going to bypass The expensive column condensers By installing an old-school copper worm. Hold on. Hold on! You're going too fast! All right. Okay. I'm ready. But there are no guarantees the oversized worm condenser Will even fit in the confines of the distillery. I got to get on the other side. Be careful. I know. Hold on. Hold on. So we decided to make like a cylinder barrel round Of cardboard to fit on it. Move it that way. My gosh, this -- look how big this is! It's got to be big enough to hold a worm. How much room is behind you there? Any? Uh, maybe 6 inches, maybe. Oh, my god. You know, my condenser's taking The place of the existing condenser. And so we have to put it in-line with the other condenser Because we want to make the shortest distance To get it connected into the existing system. This is way over on these little beams, Not even on the real beams. This is too big. You have any solutions? Move that tank. You're telling me we got to move this tank, Which weighs 2,000 pounds by itself, And it's got mash in it. It's full of mash. We can pump the mash out. Ohh. But I'm looking at it, "hey, they put the tanks in here in the beginning. So, you know -- hey, if man made it, man can move it." It's got to come up here. We building it now. The guys is building it now. It's just a mash tank. You can hook it up and hook a hose to it and suck the stuff out. Outside in the woods, we'd just cut a tree down And move it over. We'll get a pallet jack or something And just scoot it back out of the way. Do you know how much effort there is in moving this? Troy: That's a big job, moving this tank, 'cause it's so heavy. And all my guys, I have to pull them off the bottling line So that they can deal with moving these tanks around. It's real different than being in the woods. You got to figure out what you want to do with this tank 'cause we're gonna move it. [ groans ] carl? Would you be all right With this sitting off the pad down at the end? Well, that may be our only solution. Narrator: In virginia, Tickle has 80 gallons of kentucky white lightning Brewed according to tim's recipe. Making yet another trip, make another delivery. Narrator: Chico and tyler are in charge of making the liquor, And it was tickle's job to sell it. But he's fallen behind on sales, And his partners are taking notice. This is a bigger delivery than what I've been making. It's about 7 gallons. But I need to get to actually making bigger deliveries. [ dogs barking ] Do this one more time. How's it going? What you is wanting right there -- 7 gallons. All right. [ barking continues ] Yes, sir. Well, look. I'm looking to get a few buyers that's wanting, You know, some quantity. It don't hurt my feelings to actually be running around With 40, 50 gallons of this stuff at at time. You know, I get in trouble for 7 gallons, I get in just as much trouble for 50 gallons. You know, trouble's trouble. Right. So, if you know anybody, you just let me know. I got plenty of this stuff. All right. All right, well, look, I appreciate it. And you just let me know about anybody wants more shine. Tickle: With the abc agency out looking, I need to downsize to just a few customers, But ones that are buying it in very large quantity. Narrator: Coming up, tennessee crackdown... Armando: You never know when someone may be pushed to the edge That they'll use lethal force. [ police radio chatter ] Narrator: ...Blazing new trails... Jeff: If we keep hauling it like we're hauling it, Someone's gonna wind up in jail... ...And a partnership on the brink. Chico: We got to get some return on our investment, That's for damn sure. Narrator: In tennessee... All right. ...Two master shiners are on a mission To perfect a time-honored moonshine recipe. Digger: I'll tell you, I'm just amazed at it. This thing blows my mind. Mark and digger are former still hands Of moonshine icon popcorn sutton. And they're trying to bring their mentor's legacy Back to the woods. This, it's a work of art. After a successful first run, They're looking to increase their output a little further... If that ain't 190-proof liquor, I ain't standing here. ...With a piece of moonshine history -- A shotgun condenser Built by none other than popcorn sutton himself. Popcorn told me that it was a ridiculous amount of money, And I certainly see why. It has all of these tubes. Then it catches the condensation, Which is your liquor. Our cold-water inlet is here at the bottom, So it circulates constantly as the steam's coming in. Our moonshine will come out right out the spout. We can crank the heat up and still make good liquor. Right. Rather than a single copper coil, A shotgun-style condenser has several straight tubes, Which provide more surface area For the alcohol vapors to condense, Increasing the proof without sacrificing flavor. A typical shotgun condenser has five copper tubes, But popcorn sutton's masterpiece contains 184. To make this model compatible with their rig, They'll add a custom-fit copper collar. Precious metal in my hand. [ chuckles ] Digger: Popcorn mastered skills that a moonshiner needed. His knack for fixing something with nothing Was second to none. I mean, you would look at it, scratch your head, And wonder why it was working, but it worked. I'm gonna try to do this Without modifying this particular piece Because ms. Sutton, That's one of the few relics of popcorn she's got left. 'course, he had another one, But the damn revenuers took it when they busted him. They ain't got no sense of humor. A little gap right there. I did become very good friends with popcorn. And learning the process under popcorn, He demanded high quality. We want to make the best moonshine that we possibly can. You know, moonshine in this area Was a way of life for a lot of people. Narrator: Mark and digger have set up shop in cocke county, tennessee, One of appalachia's most venerated shine regions. Cocke county's history with illegal shine Stretches back to the late 1800s When poor farmers had to make corn whiskey on the side To make ends meet. So during prohibition, cocke county And its generations-old network of shiners Were primed to meet the growing demand of illegal booze. Testament to the county's capacity to produce liquor, A 1921 moonshine raid busted up a network of stillhouses Holding 20,000 gallons of shine. That history has produced a legion of rivals -- The lawmen, trying to put moonshiners behind bars. Armando: You do have people That still are involved in producing distilled liquor. It's something we're not gonna ignore. Narrator: For cocke county sheriff armando fontes, Taking shiners down on his home turf is personal. I moved to this area when I was 14 years old, Grew up here as a teenager. This region is made up of what they call hillbillies, People that lived in the mountains And survived off the land and live a hard, rugged life. The type of areas that we're going into, We're always very conscientious about the suspect being armed. You never know when someone may be pushed to the edge That they'll use lethal force Against one of us or one of our officers. Just a couple of years ago, We actually had a couple of individuals that were prosecuted As a result of an extensive moonshine operation Involving 18 stills. It is problematic Because of the dangers involved in a clandestine operation. [ police radio chatter ] All right, man. We've got to make sure That we look out for the people. We're called to enforce the law. If you violate the law, then we're gonna prosecute it. Narrator: A heavy police presence On the roads of graham county, north carolina, Has three shiners at a dead end. Yep. Jeff and lance's buyer in tennessee wants quantity, But hauling shine across state lines Is a risk they can't afford to take. If we can get away from using the bigger roads, You know, I'm 100% for it. Yep. Where we gonna get a pontoon to start with, though? Well, if you think we can get it done, we'll get it. But while jeff maps out a way to bootleg on the water, Up north, tickle is sticking to the roads. This guy right here, He could be the next big buyer that I'm looking for. He might love this shine so much, Turns all his friends on, He might be looking to make him some money. That's what I need. Narrator: He's moving shine as fast as he can In order to send chico and tyler the rest of their cut. But with local abc agents on the hunt, He needs to be on guard. Tickle: All right. I mean, out in the middle of nowhere. [ door opens ] How's it going? You must be the man I'm looking for. All right. Ain't too many people out this damn direction. All right, 5 gallons, huh? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. That'll work. Yeah, we'll get you loaded up, man. Be glad to get rid of them. I mean, as long as you got the money for it, You can have it. What you think about? Do you want them? All right. All right. All right, all right. No problem, no problem, man. [ engine revs ] aw, man. [bleep] no. Get in, man. He stole the damn shine. Narrator: Coming up... Yeah, let's do it. ...Josh and bill's 2-ton decoy. That's us right there, bill. And old drills die hard. [ gunshots ] [ chuckles ] nothing wrong with me. Yeah. Shh! Narrator: On a dusty virginia back road... You must be the man I'm looking for. ...Tickle's taking a chance on a new client To get his bankroll in the black. What you think about? Do you want them? All right. All right. But his big gamble backfires. [bleep] no. Get in, man. Tickle: [bleep] Oh [bleep] [ engine revs ] [bleep] This is the last thing I needed right now. I don't know what to tell tyler and chico. I might not tell them anything. Narrator: Over the past few weeks, The law in graham county has come close To what could be the bust of the decade -- Taking down mark and jeff. Morning, mark. Hello, jeff. They've got hundreds of gallons of liquor to bootleg, And the roads are no longer safe. But where they're going, they don't need roads. Well, where's your plywood, And we'll get started on this thing. Watch them fingers. Mark: I just found an old pontoon boat right in town. Went and bought it, just stripped it down. Just build it back the way I want it. This whole thing could go back a little bit If it would help make it run straighter. We think it's gonna be a little safer on us To transport our moonshine on this vessel. They ain't out there patrolling the lakes Like they are on the road. Pretty good. [ tool whirring ] [ grunts ] [bleep] That drill's about had it. That's one way to do it. Been a good drill, though. I've had that thing a long time. Gave $11 for it. That's the end of him. How you gonna lay this thing out up here? Jeff: Yep. Narrator: Moonshiners all over appalachia are feeling the heat. Josh and bill's recent run-in with the law Has them scrambling to hide their stash. Bill: Damn. He got acres down here, ain't he? Oh, man. He's got the junk, I'm telling you now. Already got one picked out? Yeah, we got a black chevrolet truck That don't have a motor That I think's gonna be perfect for us, dude. Bill: As far as getting our tanks covered up, I just thought we were gonna throw some brush on it. But josh has got this great idea that's gonna complicate things. Once he starts getting crazy ideas in his head, It's hard to slow him down. Should be around here somewhere. But the cops got our number. I mean, that lawman hassling us 'cause we had some copper scraps and some mason jar lids -- I mean, we just got to be careful, More careful, from here on out. What's up? Good to see you, man. You ever met bill? Yeah, I met him a time or two. Right on. [ engine turns over ] Josh: I came up with this idea to cover our hole with a junk car. We got this old, beat-up, piece-of-crap, Two-wheel-drive truck laying around with no motor in it. That's us right there, bill. All we got to do is pop the hood, Crawl down into our stash house. It's perfect. Now pick it up and come over some. Bill: Josh is really good at coming up with ideas. But it's usually up to me To figure out how we gonna make a plan. Let's go to the house. How we gonna get this thing spanned across our hole? We're not gonna have a cave-in on our tanks. Once we get the transmission out And we get some steel runners in there And we get the thing in place, I think it'll work great, don't you? I mean, I'm not saying it's not a great idea, But as far as how we're gonna get the thing in there And on top of our hole without it falling through our hole Is just -- I'm telling you, the best way to do it Will be two steel beams About 2 or 3 foot longer than the hole That are strong enough to hold this truck up And just drive it out on it. I'm all the time coming up with this idea and that idea. And bill's more along the lines of just simple. He's a simple man. It doesn't take much to make bill happy. Hell, rome wasn't built in a day, man. Trust me. It's a good idea. [ scoffs ] yeah. Trust me. It's gonna be a good idea. That wasn't the first time I've heard you say that. [ chuckling ] it might mean something different to me. We'll give it a shot. If it don't work, we'll figure out plan "b." Narrator: Coming up... Did you bring a tape measure with you? ...A little dixie engineering... Hold on to it. [ grunts ] ...And a crossroads in north carolina. What makes you so paranoid? They broke into the place and tried to burn it up. Is this for real? How come you never told me this? Narrator: Two south carolina moonshiners Need to safeguard 60-grand-worth of shine. Bill: How long we need to cut them? Did you bring your tape measure with you? Got her. So josh and bill are going big With a subterranean moonshine vault. Trying to get this vehicle on top of a trap door. It seems like the more we get into stuff, More complicated it gets. We're dragging out steel I-beams That are probably somewhere around, I don't know, 50, 60 pounds a linear foot. I don't know. Maybe we can get this thing to work out. Go ahead and cut it. Let's go and chop her off. Narrator: Normally, steel beams cost big bucks. But josh and bill called in a favor From a friend who owns a salvage yard. Josh: Your average joe probably couldn't Come up with something like this and actually make it happen. And if they could come up with it, They damn sure ain't got the initiative And the motivation to damn do it. That's what sets me and bill aside from everybody else. When I come up with an idea, I'm not gonna let "no" stop me. I'm not gonna let other people's opinions -- Think about this or that, or "it's gonna cost you a fortune," Or "you've lost your mind," "are you crazy?" I don't let those things stop me. Hold on to it. [ grunts ] All right. Bill: As far as finding a vehicle to cover up our tanks out there, This truck that we found... There she goes, there she goes, there she goes. ...It's got a lock in the door, so we got a key to it So we can get in and pop the hood, And it doesn't have an engine in it, So it looks like it's gonna work out perfect. We got to go this way a little bit. Yeah, you got to go that way a bit. We gonna have to go back a couple more feet. Bang, bang. Right there. That's it, right there. Now we just got to camouflage it all. Sounds good to me. Man, right on the hole. Do you see what I mean? This is perfect. It is a little bit more complicated Than I originally envisioned. We're out here with them steel beams. But it'll work, man. It's gonna work. That's just money in the bank, right there. It's on like donkey kong. See, I told you it was a good idea. [ laughing ] yeah. Hey. Bill: For now, it's safe. But since lawman been looking at us, We've gonna have to figure out some way Just to stay under the radar. Narrator: A campaign of harassment Has put two mountain moonshiners in uncharted territory. Couple more of those, then we're happy. To steer clear of lawmen waiting in ambush, Jeff and mark are staying off he roads. You want to work on this trap door a little bit? Yep. Mark: This is gonna be the most important thing about this boat. If the law comes up on us, We can drop our load, be in good shape. We can open that trap door and get rid of it, And nobody will never know. We can do some fishing, too, you know. Narrator: Mark and jeff's bootlegging boat Is two 30-foot pontoons That support an 8-foot-wide by 8-foot-tall cabin. Built light and strong, The structure has windows on all sides, Allowing them a 360-degree view While staying safely hidden inside. If the law approaches, They have a built-in means of avoiding arrest -- A secret trap door Through which they can quickly ditch their shine. Jeff: I'll hold that as long as you don't drill my thumb to it. [ grunts ] Oh, god. I'll go get you a band-aid. Okeydoke. Jeff: Eh, I ran chainsaws for 25 years. I'm used to getting injured on the job. Here, I brought some extra. God. Pretty bad cut. Nah, it ain't too bad. As long as it's still on there, it'll heal back. Lot more to building one of these things than you think. Let's call it a day, And we'll come back and work on her some more tomorrow. Narrator: Just 100 miles away, Tim smith's worm box is nearly ready to install. We got to have some kind of security in here. Narrator: To ensure his shine makes it to the store shelves, He's pulling out all the stops. I got to rig up some cameras or something. I got to get some eyes -- eyes in the sky here, you know? Back in kentucky, man, They try to burn your daggone distillery down. [ police radio chatter ] We don't know who started the fire in lebanon. And the guy could be really trying to track me down. He is still on the loose. So I got to do something here to protect this. Troy: What in the world are you doing? Thinking about putting a camera right here. I'm gonna put it right here. Then I was thinking about maybe putting a camera right here To look down that way at that door. Why are you wanting to do this? What? Put a camera up? Yeah. Everybody has cameras. What makes you so paranoid? If you a moonshiner, you got to to paranoid. Well, we're not moonshiners. We're in a legal distillery. Well, that's what I thought when I was in kentucky. What happened there? Somebody came in and tried to burn the place down. They broke into the place and tried to burn it up, And I don't know who it is. Is this for real? Yeah. Are you telling the truth? How come you never told me this? [ stammers ] come on. No, I'm coming down. We're talking about this. You're trying to tell me That y'all had a fire at the distillery in kentucky? Well, they didn't really burn the place down. They just tried to. But it wasn't just a natural fire, Like, from the still. No, no. Somebody broke into the place And put, like, some gas on a lot of pallets of stuff, And then tried to burn it up. So it's a for-real arson deal. Yeah, that's why The arson investigator is involved and the atf. So, here, have you made A bunch of enemies along the way or something, tim? I mean, come on. They never did catch the guy. See, that's what I'm talking about. It could be just in kentucky, or they could be coming here. If they was coming here, we got to be ready. I'm not -- I'm not up for that. I'm not up for that. You see all those barrels? Troy: I mean, I have a whole barrel room back there. That's why we got to get some cameras. We got to put some cameras up. We might need more than cameras. My distillery, this is "troy & sons." This is about me and my children. I don't need to have the threat of a fire hanging over my head. And I don't know if tim is worth it. Narrator: Coming up... Oh [bleep] ...Two shiners are caught off guard. What do you got a worm for? What's a worm? That thing right over there. Dad and mark might just be more accident-prone than me. Ready. No, wait, wait, wait, wait. Fingers. [ laughter ] [ grunts ] I got a piece of metal in my eye. Lance: They got hurt. I didn't. But I'll be sure to knock on the next piece of wood I go by. Climb up here just a second lance. Oh, god! [ inhales sharply ] [ laughs ] what did you do? [ coughs ] A ball? [ laughs ] [ birds chirping ] Narrator: In the kentucky wilderness... [ engine turns over ] ...Chico and tyler are off the beaten path And on the move. Must be "driving miss daisy." Yeah. Right? Where you want to go, miss daisy? You sure got a lot to drink. These kentucky shiners have already sent Two 60-gallon shipments of shine To virginia for tickle to sell. All right, man. Y'all have a good one. Have a safe trip. She's pouring out of there now. After a series of successful runs near tyler's farm, They've stockpiled over 50 more gallons of liquor. Get this [bleep] off of here. Now they're hiding their stash In a blind they built deep in the back woods. [ grunts ] That's weight right there, son. I can't never get used to that. We go right through here, And I think we can get right back there to it. Chico: When it comes to making liquor, You don't want to keep nothing on you, You don't want to keep nothing at your house, And you sure as hell don't want no liquor at your still site. Whoa. Let me go over here and open the door. If somebody comes in here and finds all this, It could be anybody's. It ain't like we write our name on the barrels. [ grunts ] oh. Narrator: But while these kentucky shiners Have been busy stocking up for the next shipment, There's been no word from their partner across state lines. Now let's go ahead and give tickle a call And see what the hell's going on. We sent 60 gallons of liquor to virginia with tickle. [ ringing ] Tyler: He ain't called and said that it's got there, Hadn't told us he's got it sold or nothing. I ain't heard nothing from him. That kind of makes me worry a little bit About what his intentions are. What's going on, brother? You been moving shine? How much have you got gone? Well, we was starting to think you'd got caught. We ain't heard nothing from you in a while. Well, so, how long you reckon it might be Before you get rid of all that? Well, you just -- you just keep in touch with us, buddy. Just keep us in the loop, let us know what is going on. Well, we gonna wait till this is gone here Till we send any more. We got to get some return on our investment, That's for damn sure. Give us a call, brother. Keep us in the loop. All right, brother. Take it easy, man. Something about that don't sit right with me. 60 gallon. He can't move 60 gallon? [ sighs ] I don't know, man. We dropped 60 gallons off last year [snaps fingers] and got paid. There's a big demand For good moonshine right here in kentucky, And we're gonna try To supply some of that while we're waiting. Get this thing covered up. How's it look? Looks good. Let's get the hell out of here. Narrator: Deep in the blue ridge mountains of tennessee... When we gonna make a trip to the scrap yard? We got way too much scrap laying around. ...Mark and digger are putting the final touches On retrofitting the shotgun condenser They inherited from their mentor, popcorn sutton. We can use that to make an extension on thump arm. Yeah. It'll be good. We'll just go ahead and make it to length to start with. This will be plenty good. I believe it will. This little bit of rain's come up. If it don't quit, we'll move inside. Oh [bleep] Mark, look over yonder. Mark! Look over yonder. That's the sheriff. Get. Boys, get that camera gear -- Get the hell out of here. You can't be here. Hey. Armando: Good, good, good. Okay. Armando: Okay. Digger: All right. That's okay. Narrator: Next time on "moonshiners"... [ cutie pie barking ] Josh: Cutie pie, come here. ...Beware of dogs... [ dog barks ] ...Full steam ahead... Tim: Got to find out what sensor's doing what here. Narrator: ...And bootleggers go belly-up. Help! Little more! Little more! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 