Moonshiners: Season 4, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Moonshiners 
 s4e10 - Moonshine River - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Moonshiners (2011–…): Season 4, Episode 10 - Moonshine River - full transcript 
 Josh and Bill go for broke on a triple batch run. Tickle sacrifices his own livelihood to save his partnership. Tim is ready to see once and for all if the Asheville distillery can produce his Climax Moonshine. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Narrator: Tonight on "moonshiners"... [ cutie pie barks ] ...A still site gone to the dogs... Josh: Cutie pie. Hunting dogs. ...A shiner in over his head... [bleep] going on here? Narrator: ...And landlocked in north carolina. Mark: Whoa. Help! Man: This is how we make the moonshine! Captions paid for by discovery communications 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Narrator: As the days get shorter, Moonshine season kicks into high gear. There's just a few weeks left before the leaves start to fall And moonshiners everywhere lose The natural camouflage of the forest canopy. But two smoky mountain shiners are already exposed. Mark. Over yonder. That's a sheriff. This season, mark and digger, Former stillhands of the late, great popcorn sutton, Have come out of retirement to make authentic tennessee shine. What do you think about maybe us making a little bit of liquor? I ain't above it, long as you don't tell my wife. But their season may be over before they know it. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Hey. I didn't... We've got to be super, super careful now, Because this ain't the last time we'll see these guys. It's not a matter of why we don't stop. We simply can't. Quitting's not an option. Narrator: While one partnership is being tested, Another's being torn apart. When tickle come down here, he was all gung-ho, Talking about how he was good to go, taking this shine back to virginia. But I ain't heard a damn thing out of him. I'm sitting down here, struggling to feed my kids. If he thinks he's gonna walk off to virginia With that damn liquor and not bring no money back, He's got another thing coming. Oh, that's right. Chico and tyler have entrusted Thousands of dollars in kentucky shine to tickle, But they haven't been paid in weeks. So, how long you reckon it might be Before you get rid of all that? Something 'bout that don't sit right with me. He can't move 60 gallons? Chico: I can tell when somebody's peeing on my boot And telling me it's raining, you know, And that's the feeling I get. Narrator: It's been radio silence Since that call five days ago. With their patience run dry, the kentucky boys have decided To take their finances into their own hands. I think this is it. Tyler: There's a big demand for good moonshine Right here in kentucky, And we're gonna try to supply some of that While we're waiting to see how the virginia thing goes. Go ahead and drag it out the way, there. Tell you what. We need to step things up a notch. We moving in the right direction, But, damn, we ain't moving there fast enough. [ sniffs ] dang. Still smells good, don't it? Yeah. Seems good, all right. Good and strong. At this point right now, we're gonna push forward. I'm not gonna dwell on tickle. We're gonna get what we got to get done. We're gonna make our year successful. I'd kind of like to know what is going on up there. I mean, we supposed to get our percentage. We got too much going out, not enough coming in. I don't trust nobody. You know that. [ sighs ] well, I believe that's all of it there. Let's get this [bleep] on the road, get it out of here, and go get this money. Chico: When that liquor left kentucky, All I heard was, "no problem, man. It's sold." I ain't got no money. I'm sitting here, starving to death. So we gonna do something different. We got to. Narrator: In a business filled With back-door deals and double crossings, Partnerships built on illegal booze can be shaky at best, Even more so during prohibition, When a betrayal of trust often cost a bootlegger his life. In 1931 detroit, the infamous purple gang Held control over all the hooch in the city. The gang was led by the ruthless bernstein brothers. When ray bernstein caught wind of dissension in the ranks, He called the upstarts to a peace talk At 1740 collingwood avenue, And had them all executed on the spot. The incident would become known As the collingwood manor massacre, A warning to any future would-be dissenters to stay in line. [ cellphone rings ] What's going on, bubba? How long you know this fella? Mnh-mnh. Couple months? Yeah. That him right there? Mm-hmm. Get this [bleep] out of here and get the [bleep] out of here. We got something to drink in here. Got five gallons here. Yep. 110-proof. Man: Geez. All I need is my money, brother, and we'll get out of your hair. Here you go. Fair enough? Well, I believe you a little short. Counting on a discount. What do you mean a little short? Well, there's $400 here. You got five gallons. You know, it'd probably be easier To pay for what it's worth than to have problems, you know. [ tires screech ] It is what it is. We got $500. Oh, yeah. Come on with it. Narrator: While chico and tyler are taking their moonshine to the streets, Two shiners in north carolina have run out of road. It's coming together quick, ain't it, mark? In robbinsville, the cops have been laying the heat On mark and jeff. [ siren wails ] We done had a closer encounter with the law this year Than we really want. [ pounds ] ha ha! So, you know, it's got us all kind of on edge. Narrator: With a big buyer waiting in tennessee, Mark and jeff are borrowing a page from bootleggers past, Taking their shine downriver. Mark, you know what? That's what we've been waiting for. It's all closed in. Yeah, boy. But with the law coming at them from all directions... Come up with a new plan. Oh, okay. ...They can't take any chances. So mark and jeff are adding one more component To work with their secret trapdoor -- A stash spot hidden beneath the boat. That'll work. With the help of too many pontoons, This 3'x5' box will serve as a floating secret compartment. Mark and jeff plan on tethering this buoyant booze box Directly under the trapdoor, between the two larger pontoons. If the law were to come on board, The shine would be safely hidden from view. Jeff: We're selling about 90% of our alcohol in one place this year. We lose this big order in tennessee, we're broke. Let's see what this thing looks like with a jug sitting up in it. Oh. Oh, yeah. Perfect. Well, the box turned out good. It'll hold 50 gallons a run. Narrator: 50 gallons of shine can bring in 5 grand tax-free. That's it. I believe that got him. That's pretty good deal right there, jeff. Yeah. I believe that'll work good. Yeah. I believe we should've got us another boat, here, jeff. Yep. [ chuckles ] Narrator: 150 miles to the east, Two shiners haven't produced a drop of shine in weeks. Josh: I'll be glad to get some liquor made, man. Man, once this thing starts working, It's gonna be paying off in dollars coming out that worm. Not just damn nickels and dimes -- dollars. Josh and bill's season should be rolling by now. But after being put on notice by the law... If y'all messing with the moonshine, I'd advise you different. ...They've been forced to take their shine underground, Turning a beat-up truck into a doorway that leads To a subterranean stash house. That's it right there. Now we just got to camouflage it all. The tanks can hold 600 gallons and are ready for liquor. Josh and bill have already mashed in. There's almost 750 gallons in their submarine pot. It's been fermenting for a week, And it's time to put the fire to it. But after their still explosion earlier this season... ...They're taking extra measures to reinforce their entire pot. What I'm thinking is just take the damn nail punch And nail punch it all the way across, Then drive a row of nails in it just like we did all the way around. Ouch. That board makes it almost impossible. That board is flexible a bit until we get her in, ain't it? Yeah. I heard something rumbling there. Thought it was a plane. Was it just us? Able to get down pretty tight if you bend any. [ cutie pie barks ] Cutie pie, come here. Hold up, girl. [ barks ] shh! Cutie pie. [ dog barks ] Cutie pie! Cutie pie! Get your ass over here before they eat you up. Good girl. They's hunting dogs. I'm glad it's just the dogs and not the hunters. Right. I guarantee you the hunters ain't far, though. It makes me nervous about beating on this thing. [ growls ] Get your ass out of here! I don't know if they been hunting here more than once And they been running with their dogs or what, But makes me kind of nervous. Coming up... I got to pull it out of my own account. Narrator: ...Desperate measures. Tickle: Bad feeling to be broke. I can't blame this on anybody but me. Narrator: One shiner fires it up... Tim: Something wrong with this thing. Got to find out what sensor's doing what here. Narrator: ...And two old pros get more than they bargained for. Ramsey: That's all I need now. Digger: We're losing it. Whoa! Narrator: Deep in the hollows of south carolina, Josh and bill are almost ready To fire up their newly-built, 750-gallon submarine pot still. [ cutie pie barks ] bill: Cutie pie, come here. Hold up, girl. But two four-legged fiends May have just jeopardized their secret still site. [ dog barking ] [ growls ] Them was coon dogs. They had trackers on them. That ain't good. I don't know if they been hunting here more than once And they been running with their dogs or what, But makes me kind of nervous. And we're out here damn beating and banging on our pot. I mean -- ain't no way, really, to be quiet about it. I guarantee you one thing, The hunters know exactly where they are. Dogs have gps trackers on them. Their masters know where they're at. If their masters know where they're at, The masters are knowing where our still site is. What you want to do? Knock off for a little while? Bill: The risk level, Now that we got hunting dogs poking around down here, Has gone up just exponentially. You know what we ain't checked? What? Game cam. I'd forgotten we had a game cam up Until, actually, we saw the dogs. But I'm glad we did put it up, 'cause now we can see If anybody's been messing around our site. If those had been atf agents and they'd snuck up on us Like those damn hunting dogs did... Pssh, eh, I don't even want to think about it, man. All on the sd card. Let's just check this thing out before we go. It's got a motion sensor on it, And it'll snap a picture or snap a video. If somebody's been around our still site, We're gonna be able to see them. That's us. Yeah, we was arguing about where we was gonna strap that thing Is probably what we were doing. Now, we're down here, to the next one, there. Look at that. It's a german shepherd. That wasn't either one of the dogs we saw today. Another dog. That's a damn huge-ass hound dog, Damn... Peeing on our damn pools. Josh: There's like three, four, five dogs, different dogs, Coming through our still site. Let's go to the house. Kind of makes a man think. Might want to get this thing up and running, Make as much moonshine as fast as you can, Get this [bleep] the hell out of here so we don't get busted. Narrator: Josh and bill aren't the only pair on pins and needles. In eastern tennessee, a recent visit from the town sheriff Has two old-school shiners shaken up. Well, he didn't find nothing, But he found enough he's got reasonable suspicion. Somewhere or another, somebody has seen or heard something, Or we wouldn't be sitting right now With our hearts a-thumping. We can't quit. Well, we got to hammer down. I mean, we got to do it and do it fast. Their diehard commitment to the craft of old-time moonshine Has mark and digger back in the woods. Trouble is something that we want to avoid at all costs. But you have to have a profile to some degree. Popcorn always said That you can't sell it if nobody knows you've got it. Narrator: This time, they brought some backup -- Popcorn sutton's own shotgun condenser. You ever fooled with a shotgun? I mean, I know how they work, but I ain't never run one. The legendary popcorn sutton attributed His world-famous shine to his super shotgun condenser. Built by popcorn himself, It has a whopping 184 copper tubes inside, Providing an unprecedented amount of surface On which shine can condense. This condenser right here Would probably run a 12 or 14-, 16-barrel still. I mean, you can't... Crank wide open. You can lay to it with them. Yeah, right there. Let's see if we can get that burner going. This gas coming out of this tank is unregulated. It comes out at full throttle. I'm glad it's your turn to blow up. You're hot coming out the back. [bleep] Damn it. That's all I need now. We're losing it. Whoa! That would've been fun. I got to tinker with it a little bit, digger. Thinking we can block up that back hole and get it a little something different. Ramsey: I mean, it's a homemade burner. I've not had a lot of experience with them, And they're a tricky little thing To get your air adjustment just right. You want blue flame. You don't want yellow flame. The blue flame produces much more heat, burns more efficient. I don't... Oh, it's looking better. Well, it's getting hot, ain't it? Yeah, it's getting hot. If it wasn't for this little bit of episode with the sheriff, I wouldn't care to keep on making it. But we can't. We got too far to... Well, that's another thing that's scaring me, too. I ain't liking how good I'm liking making it again. I'm telling you. I'd kind of got the notion Out of my system a little bit. Now I'm kind of... I'm kind of hot on it again. It might come out of that thing all right. It should. [ gasps ] oh, hell, dude. It's starting to drip. We've got liquor here, buddy. Yep. Narrator: A typical 200-gallon still will produce about 20 gallons. But if the shotgun condenser is successful, It should pull 25% more whiskey in one run. I say it's 160, 170 proof. It gets all blended together, it'll be much better. Damn. That's an instant drunk. [ coughs lightly ] I really feel good about the shotgun. We've made 26 gallons here. Got to make hay while the sun's a-shining. I believe that all signs are right on us right now. Just on the other side of the appalachians, It's the day of reckoning for tim smith. Hey, tim. How you doing? Tim: Good. You? Took care of your worm for you, so you're all set to go. I see you got all that up there. And troy... Went out to lunch. So, he'll be back in just a little bit. Okay. I got this thing, then. I want to make the first batch, anyway. You know, with the new worm and everything. I want to make it right. With his backwoods modifications finally in place, Tim's ready to see once and for all If asheville can re-create his father's recipe. Gonna make the first batch. This is gonna be the best climax Ever been made in north carolina, With the big, souped-up worm in there. Narrator: But getting to this point hasn't been easy. No, but it ain't my moonshine, though. Tim's fought every step of the way with his new partner, troy. I want to change all this. You want to build this, it's on your dime. But when troy learned what happened to the last distillery... Somebody came in and tried to burn the place down. ...She lost trust in him. Is this for real? It bothered me that he didn't just right off the top tell me about this, And I don't know if tim is worth it. Narrator: Now the only way they can move forward Is to get the shine flowing. I guess I've got to build this trust bond and that, Like I did with steve beam, that, you know, it'll be okay. I know what I'm doing. I've did this before. And I really hope that she has faith and trust in me. We're gonna start this still up, and we get it going. How do we get this thing heated up? I got the steam turned up right now. We got the worm in there. It's full of water. Everything's working like it should. Them guys has gone to lunch. Soon as they get back, I'm gonna have a good taste of climax moonshine. Narrator: At 1,300 gallons, troy's is the largest still Tim's ever attempted to run on his own. And with a high-tech computerized system, It's also the furthest thing From a traditional backwoods setup. Tim: There's something wrong with the temperature on this thing. I don't know if it's not reading right Or what's going on with it. Say, something ain't right somewhere. I don't know if it's the sensor. I mean, it doesn't feel that hot. I mean, I can put my hand on it. Narrator: 174 degrees is the point at which alcohol turns to vapor. It's kind of hot. Narrator: If the still runs too hot, It could scorch the mash and lower the proof of the shine. I don't know what's going on with this thing. Thing right here is, like, changing different colors and stuff. I don't know what's going on with that. And it has a pressure-relief valve That keeps acting up on it. So I'm not for sure if all of the mechanics on it's Working properly or not, Or am I working properly with the mechanics. What is it? Hey, wait a minute! [bleep] what's going on here? I want it filling. Oh. Can you get that? Oh, it's done turned red again. Oh, the condenser's getting too hot. [ groans ] [ steam hissing ] Ohh... Got to find out what sensors doing what here. Narrator: Coming up, josh and bill are out of their league... Bill: This still is 10 times the size Of what we were running in the copper pot damn 'fore it blew up on us. I mean, so far, nothing's gone wrong, But, I mean, hell, the night is young. Narrator: ...And a plan is turned upside down. Mark: Whoa! Help! Narrator: In north carolina, moonshiner tim smith Is in the middle of his first real run of climax in asheville. Tim: I don't know what's going on with this thing. Narrator: But troy's million-dollar distillery May not be cooperating with his backwoods modifications. Whole lot of pressure in the thing. Whew. Damn. Ball: What are you doing? I'm just regulating the heat. It got too hot, and everything started coming out down here. We have everything set exactly -- This isn't such a simple little still, you know? I got to get it right. [ laughs ] I got to get it right. I'm running the still, I'm looking at different things, And it's changing from blue to red, so something's wrong. And I went back and forth, I found out what valve actually did what. It's a moonshine still. A little vapor does come out here and there, so that's okay. It don't feel like it's that hot. I just know about the feeling of the still, And looking at it and see what's happening. All I got to do is look at this. There's no more guessing game. It's a lot of different mechanics to it. It's computerized. I'm kind of getting used to these numbers now, 'cause the numbers is telling me exactly what the temperature is As it's coming over and coming out. For me, it's just a learning phase. I'm gonna get there. I'm gonna get there. Oh, and it's going good right now. Temperatures's being controlled good. Looks like this vapor's coming over. Doubler's working great. It's got a good, even flow. No leaks. It's not like the backwoods, you know, when you got to go around Putting paste on things because it's leaking everywhere. Look at that. Yeah, it still is coming out, but it's getting closer. You can tell by smelling of it. All right, troy. You need to come over here and see this. Bring a jar. I want to see what it looks like 'cause, you know... Mmm! See? It has a great nose. That's the difference. The first day that we actually met, she was like, "no way I'm gonna get involved with you in making legal moonshine." But at the end of the day, you got one Of the finest moonshine that's ever been made. Hey, look at that. First bottle, climax moonshine. My dad's backwoods recipe made in a million-dollar distillery. After a whole lot of modifications And a lot of sweating on my part, it looks like it worked. I think, you know, it's gonna be a good business decision For me to have taken the leap here. Now what we got to do is win an award with this whiskey. I think we can. Let's try. Narrator: Far from the gleaming distilleries of asheville, Two shiners are settling in for a long night in the woods. I think the rain's gone. I hope so. We cannot afford to get rained out at this point. Josh and bill thought they'd found the perfect still site... [ dog barks ] ...But game cams proved they weren't the only ones using it. Huge-ass hound dog damn peeing on our damn tools. And with the law snooping around... All this metal and stuff you got here looks like Some of the makings would go for a moonshine still. ...It's just a matter of time before they get caught. For most shiners, this would be a sign to pack it in. But josh and bill have decided that tonight, It's all or nothing. We come way too far on this still site To shut it down just 'cause we got hunting dogs here. There's no time to shut down and start worrying about it. We just got to try to make as much liquor as we possibly can Before this thing does get discovered, And we got to shut down and get the hell out of here. Narrator: So the boys are buckling down for a marathon night Of three straight runs back to back. First, josh and bill will cook The mash already in their submarine still. A hose connected to the worm box will route the finished shine Downhill into a collection tank 50 yards away on josh's truck. They have enough mash on site for two more runs. So once the first batch is complete, Their plan is to pump in new mash and make shine Until their 300-gallon tank is filled to the brim. Bill: It's time to roll now. We gonna keep on going. We got no other choice but to damn say, "it's time to make some damn liquor." Yep, yep. Let's light her up. Let me turn the gas on. She be rolling in no time. All right, buddy. You got gas. Crank her up. There she comes. Man, this thing gonna be Damn bubbling and steaming in no time. Sweet. Right on, right on. 'bout ready to cap this thing? Set her in. Bang, bang. Right on. All right. Nothing to do now but damn wait for her to damn heat up. Man, it's been an incredible amount of work Getting this set up. Well, damn hopefully We gonna have a damn incredible amount of liquor Damn coming off this thing by the time we get done. Honestly, I don't know exactly how this thing's gonna behave Once we get it up to temperature. I mean, it -- I don't know. This still is 10 times the size Of what we were running in the copper pot damn 'fore it blew up on us. And it's kind of behaving like I thought it was going to. I mean, so far, nothing's gone wrong, But I mean, hell, the night is young. Here, have a sip of this. Dang. [ coughs ] Easy. You're slopping on me. That was liquor. It wasn't slobber. That was liquor. Safe. Josh: Oh, man, we're losing a lot of liquor right here. Look. It's time to put the batter on it. Man, she is singing out of there like a damn steamboat. Yeah, it is. It won't be long, we gonna have liquor, brother. Well, I mean, we're hotter than blue blazes. What's our damn money piece look like? Oh, hell. She's spitting out. She coming out? Yeah. Oh, yeah. We rolling? Oh, yeah. Hot dog. Look at that. Josh: Things couldn't be going any better. We already got moonshine coming out of the worm. Man, she's rolling. It's about time To start catching the heads and the hearts. It's on. Bill: Nothing but a waiting game now. I don't want to jinx us, man, but damn. I don't think we've ever made a run of liquor That damn started out this smooth. Man, why you got to even say something like that? It's gonna blow up or something. Nah, it ain't. No, it ain't. Damn, I... I think she's gonna run without a hitch tonight. Narrator: Coming up, sink or swim for mark and jeff. Let's go see if she'll float. We lose this big order in tennessee, we're broke. Narrator: And don't drink and shine. Reckon it's any good? [ laughs ] It's the dead of night in the south carolina sticks. Damn, it's a lot of work to get 100 gallons of moonshine. The first of three runs is finally finished, And the boys are exhausted. But there's no rest for the weary. They still have to fill their submarine pot With the second round of mash and do it all over again. I'm gonna go turn our mash on. Damn. This a steep-ass hill. All right, man. Turn her on. Josh: We do not need to have this set up in the woods right now. We need to make as many runs as fast as we possibly can... She's about full. ...Get this thing out of here in the next week or two, 'cause if we don't, we're gonna end up in jail. It's a big risk being down here. Right on. Let's fire her up. Bill: We got a long night ahead of us, damn. Lot more mash, damn flow down the hill, Damn lot more of that liquor, damn... [ sighs ] lot more liquor to run. Josh: Wow. How in the [bleep] did that happen? And we're cooking, y'all. Coming out the worm? Yeah. Josh: Once we fill this up, We're gonna have 300 gallons in this tote of killer moonshine. You want to talk about sweet victory. Josh: We got two more runs to do, brother. I'd say we're gonna probably be here hours before we're done. I'll sit here and drink beer and the damn liquor we're making. [ sniffs ] Reckon it's any good? [ laughs ] And we finally damn get liquor going, And I've been drinking a little bit and josh been drinking a little bit. Maybe a little bit too much quality control. [ coughing ] It's a little hot. Me and bill both drinking a little bit, But that's just making it more fun. We're making moonshine. We're making money. I'm having a blast. I'm all about it. Ow! [bleep] damn. [ groans ] That moonshine's kicking my damn ass. Holy [bleep] Bill: What'd you do? How partial are you to that guitar case? [ laughs ] It's got a guitar in it. Yeah, the guitar's okay, but the case ain't. What's up with it? What'd you do? I melted it. Melted it? With what? The lantern. Listen, we got good moonshine. That's all that matters. No, that's all that matters. Listen -- Get out my [bleep] damn way, man. Listen, we got good moonshine. Oh, you ain't upset about that guitar case, are you? Well, you [bleep] it up. Is it smoking? [ guitar strumming ] [ off-key ] ¶ middle of the night, josh burned my guitar case ¶ ¶ I don't know why, but I want to hit him in the face ¶ ¶ we just got this run done ¶ ¶ and you want to [bleep] my [bleep] up ¶ ¶ I didn't think you were trying to start a fight ¶ ¶ well, I ain't in the [bleep] damn mood for it ¶ I think you need another drink and your song will sound even better. ¶ josh and bill are having The best luck they've ever had upon a still ¶ Narrator: Halfway through their second run, Josh and bill have banked 150 gallons of shine. But their celebration may be premature. With one more batch to go, their night is far from over. And as the sun rises, just over the state line, Two shiners are getting their day started. Back up. Mark and jeff have built a bootlegging pontoon boat To deliver a large order of shine to a buyer in tennessee. Mark: Well, the best thing can happen to us, it'll float. And worst thing could happen to us, it'll sink. We'll just have to put it in and see. We really don't know. Mark, I believe we got her tied down. Let's go see if she'll float. Put her in. Okeydoke. Narrator: But just getting this behemoth to the water Will be no small feat. It gets to rocking too much, it'll turn over. Yeah. Ain't near as bad on the pavement, the rocking. No. It feels pretty heavy. Now, you can't tell in this truck. This thing got so much horsepower That you can't tell if nothing's heavy or not. Yeah. And it's deep. You can swing real wide right here. Real slow. That rocky. [ laughs ] made her, though. Yeah, I figured it'd rock a little there. We just have to ease down through here. Mm-hmm. Steep curve here, ain't it? These curves, you don't mind much of it -- Lord, that rocked her big. Lord have mercy. Whole thing makes me nervous. Yeah. Oh, god. Boy, it rocked. I don't like that rocker, betty. Yeah. Mark: Whoa! [ metal creaking ] Come here and help! I need another man or two on this -- Pull on this thing. Come here and help! Narrator: Coming up... I got to pull it out of my own account. Narrator: ...Tickle's tapped out. Tickle: Bad feeling to be broke. I can't blame this on anybody but me. [ keyboard playing ] it's a cha-cha. [ holds a note ] No. Narrator: On a winding back road in appalachia, A bootlegging boat may be sunk before its maiden voyage. Mark: Whoa! [ metal creaking ] Come here and help! I need another man or two on this -- Pull on this thing. Come here and help! Little more. Little more. There it goes. [ grunting ] Ah. It's heavy. Put a little dent in the back of it, there. I hit this, it eased over. Pbht! We'll just have to put it in the lake and see what it does. With damages sustained to one of the pontoons, There's no guarantee this rig will stay afloat. All right. We're fixing to back this thing into the water, And, really, I don't know how it's gonna set. But we gonna find out one way or the other. You can back me on in there, and I guess I can just let it down. Okeydokey. Here we go. I'm gonna back him out. Okay. Back him up there and fire him up. Are you a-floating? We're floating. Sitting good? Motor runs real good. It sits good in the water, too. It worked better than I thought it would. When I bring it back, we're gonna be hauling some moonshine. Narrator: The pontoon test-launch is a success. But over in virginia, One shiner is struggling to keep his business afloat. Tickle: It's a bad feeling to be broke. Narrator: This was supposed to be a record year for tickle, But a combination of shipping costs, junkyard payoffs, And a series of bad deals have put the squeeze on his earnings. Tickle: It's right here, man. It's not an easy thing to do. Narrator: Tickle's still trying to sell His remaining 60 gallons of shine... I got to send tyler and chico some money. Narrator: ...But his partners need money now. They've run out of patience. Tyler: And I'm not gonna dwell on tickle. We're gonna get what we got to get done. We're gonna make our year successful. Narrator: To keep the partnership from imploding, Tickle needs to send tyler and chico a show of good faith. It's just done come right down to it. I got to pull it out of my own account. They need money right now. I don't have it to send them. [ atm beeping ] Pretty much broke now. But what am I gonna do? I got to send this money, you know? They've done their part. They've sent it to me. And I'm having a terrible time, you know, Selling this stuff and getting my contacts right. Can't blame this on anybody but me. Onto the post office. This hurts, right here. This is my line of work. This is what I do. I'm gonna make this work one way or the other. Narrator: Next time on "moonshiners"... Tickle: This is a make-or-break situation right here. Narrator: ...Roadside jitters... ...The morning after... Josh: We've been drinking since yesterday, And I wished he'd hit the dirt, 'cause he's done getting on my damn nerves. Bill: Josh? [bleep] damn it. Narrator: And trouble on the water. Hey, huck. Yeah? I got a lot of bad news. What's wrong? OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 