Moonshiners: Season 4, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Moonshiners 
 s4e1 - Shine On - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Moonshiners (2011–…): Season 4, Episode 1 - Shine On - full transcript 
 Tim is on the run after his operation was set on fire. Jim Tom prepares for his second coming as a moonshiner. Tickle and Tyler take their partnership to a new level. Josh and Bill sell ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [ synthesizer plays ] [ imitates helicopter whirring ] [ slow-tempo music plays ] ¶ and today I... ¶ [ synthesizer plays ] Narrator: Tonight on the season premiere of "moonshiners"... [ groans ] A moonshine icon is forced into hiding. Tim: Someone tried to start a fire. I don't know whether he was trying to kill me Or interrupt my life. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Narrator: A kentucky cavern becomes a fortress of shine. Chico: Holy [bleep] A legend returns to his roots. Uh-huh. A young blood steps up. It's the biggest payday in moonshine history... And everyone wants a piece of the action. Josh: Got 800 bucks, man? If you're a moonshiner, you got to be paranoid. Bill: I can't wait to get back in the woods. [ laughs ] I won't hit it low this time. That's what I'm talking about. Whoo-hoo! Yep, it's ready. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We got to be a little more careful. Every mountain you see -- I've been on it. There's the way to do it. Jim tom: It's a dying art, anyway. Tickle: Fire it up. Put some heat on it. Ah, yeah. If you really love your country, You're gonna have to love moonshine. Time to make the shine. [ laughs ] Tyler: Moonshining's not a crime. It's a tradition. [ siren wailing ] Let's get out of here. Go, go! Aah! Golly, that's good. I can smell it. We'll get you tore up from the floor, up. Man: This is how we make the moonshine! Captions paid for by discovery communications Narrator: The icy late-winter rains Have loosened their grip on appalachia. Creeks are high, and grain silos are at capacity. But as the warm weather returns, So do outlaws. [ dog barks ] The wait is over. It's time to make the shine. [ radio chatter ] But one legendary shiner won't be returning to the woods. For moonshiner tim smith, success has come with a price. Right now we just got a call That someone tried to burn down the distillery. Fire chief just got here. He's looking at everything. It was an intentional act of arson. We got some broken glass in the back. We got arson investigators coming in. They say somebody tried to break in the place. Now they're trying to look at the whole thing To see if any other damage was done to the building. I don't know. They won't let me go back there Because, you know, it's a crime scene. [ radio beeping ] Narrator: Last year, tim shocked the world When he turned his back on 35 years of illegal shining And went legit... Welcome to the distillery. ...Partnering with the limestone branch distillery in kentucky. Your reputation has preceded you. Tim: Hopefully, we can get it In every state in the United States. Narrator: Tim thought he'd left The dangers of the outlaw life behind, But moonshiners don't take kindly To their brethren breaking rank. The whole point of going from illegal to legal Was I don't have to look back And I don't have to worry about anything. Maybe they didn't want me to make my moonshine At limestone branch. Maybe they don't want me to make it in kentucky. And then I got somebody -- I don't know whether he was trying to kill me Or interrupt my life. Now I'm really concerned about my family, my son and wife. I really don't know what I'd do If something happened to my family, you know. Especially if it looked like That I brought it onto my family. If it's personal, They may show up in climax, virginia, And try to burn my house down. You know, you got to be afraid all the time. Narrator: Over the last two decades, The public thirst for moonshine has been on a steady rise. Illegal-still busts have risen 600% in the last five years, And the state of virginia alone loses an estimated $12 million In tax revenue to illegal moonshine every year. [ engine turns over ] With that much money on the line, The law is always close behind. Well, a moonshine operation is closed for business. Now their suspect is behind bars. Alcoholic beverage control agents Have seized what's described as a sizeable illegal operation. If we catch you, we've got no choice but to charge you. Narrator: But in the rugged mountains of north carolina, One lawman hasn't had a major bust in two years -- Sheriff's deputy chuck stewart. Local shiners have repeatedly dodged Chuck's efforts to bring them to justice. Now things are personal. But chuck may have caught a break. Last season, he discovered several drop boxes That moonshiners were using to distribute their shine. He spent the winter setting up trail cameras. Should get a good shot of them coming out of the vehicle. Narrator: Chuck's collecting his cameras. He'll soon see if he's caught any shiners red-handed. Sugar and corn are the building blocks of mash. Yeast is then added to convert the sugar into alcohol. Across appalachia, Stills are prepped and ready to fire up. But one team of moonshiners are already ahead of the game. Josh, bill, And the muscle of their operation -- cutie pie. I don't want to jinx it, man, but we're about to hit a stride. Yeah, knock on wood. Towards the end of last season, We got slinging around 75-gallon buckets. We ended up losing track of two That a buyer was supposed to come pick up That we just got leftover. So we're gonna be starting the season out a lot better Than we started any season before. Narrator: Last season, josh and bill's shine production Was rocked by personal disputes... So, you gonna throw me under the bus? I'd rather not have my name attached to something That's got fruit on it. Whatever, man. ...And a disastrous shine run. Bill: Ain't no way in hell we gonna be able to sell Blue liquor that's supposed to be clear. By the end of the season, they finally got it right. It's about time we got some clear running. It's clear as the sky. Now, armed with experience And $800 worth of tax-free liquor Leftover from last year, They're on their way to becoming moonshine kingpins. We've seen some trials and tribulations, brother. Maybe the good lord will keep us straight this year. They've already got a customer lined up, But it's someone they've never sold to before. I'm a little nervous about it. Traditionally, shiners never sold directly to consumers. They stayed in the woods and brewed. When they had enough shine to ship, They contacted a middleman And told him where the hidden drop point was. The middle men would then disclose the location To a trusted bootlegger Who would pick up the shine and leave payment At the drop point. This series of anonymous transfers Kept everyone safe. If one man in the chain was apprehended, He had no way of ratting out the other parties to the police. So, where'd you meet this dude? I know the contact he come from, but I don't know him directly. That's breaking the moonshiners' code right there. I know we agreed we weren't gonna do that anymore, but... I'm nervous as hell about meeting somebody I don't know. We're also trying to get rid of this liquor As quick as we can and get our money made back. Well, as long as he ain't the law and his money's green, I'm good to go. You gonna make the exchange? Yeah. Right on. I'll stay in the car and have the gas pedal ready In case we got to peel out. There he is right there. [ sighs ] [bleep] Here we go. Hey, buddy. Man: What's up? How you doing, man? Yeah, man. You got 800 bucks, man? You under arrest! [bleep] Coming up... Tickle and the kentucky boys Head into the heart of darkness... We need to get down here in this spot that I got lined up. I don't know. It's kind of making me wonder now. Narrator: ...A rookie is pushing his limits... ...Jim tom's back in business... ...And tim's got chico in his cross hairs. I don't know what the law enforcement is doing. I kind of heard they talked to you. Narrator: On a secluded back road... Bill: I'll stay in the car and have the gas pedal ready In case we got to peel out. ...Josh and bill are making Their first moonshine sale of the season. But they've thrown the dice on an unvetted buyer. How you doing, man? In south carolina, even a first offense Transporting and selling shine can lead to serious jail time. Josh: Got 800 bucks, man? You under arrest! [bleep] Bill: [ laughing ] Josh: Ahh! What's up, brother? How's it going? Going great. Come on, josh. Bill: I'm usually not much on practical jokes, But I kind of couldn't resist. [ laughs ] You think that's [bleep] funny? We went down to make this liquor sale To a pretty good friend of mine, And I had to pretend he was a lawman Trying to grab ahold of josh. Man, I about broke my damn leg. He bruised up his shin pretty bad. Look at that [bleep] now he's mad at me. I'm sorry to do that to you. That's [bleep] up. Man, you took off like a damn rabbit. I can't believe you all did me like that. Thank you, sir. Hey, good to see you, man. Look at that bruise on my leg right there already. Good to see you, brother. [bleep] Well, let me tell you, bill really got me good. I guess it is kind of funny. You're a [bleep] Narrator: This $800 sale is the earliest in the season That josh and bill have ever turned a profit. Further north, one moonshiner hasn't had the same luck. Watch, watch, watch. Longtime still hand tickle. Tickle: If you really love your country, You're gonna have to love moonshine. Tim: Watch out! Narrator: After spending years As the right-hand man to legendary moonshiner Tim smith... I can smell your hair. Yeah, burned the hair on my arm. ...Tickle was given the keys to the kingdom When his boss went legal. Just don't get in trouble, all right? [ siren wailing ] Got anything illegal in the vehicle? ...But on his own, tickle seemed to be better At drinking the shine than making it. Son of a bitch! So he headed down to kentucky To form an alliance with two local good ol' boys -- Chico and tyler. Chico: There we go. Tickle: Oh, yeah. Yes, sir. This season, they hope to satisfy Tim's former client base And expand it, developing an interstate moonshine dynasty. Tickle: Tyler and chico, you know, I'm gonna keep my eye on both of them. We'll all be dealing With a whole lot bigger money this year. You really see a different side of people When the money starts going up. I'm on my way to kentucky right now. I called tyler up. I told him to go ahead and get this mash going. I want to be ready to roll when I get up here. I ain't got no time to waste. Kentucky, man, it's a long haul. We got to figure a few things out about this season. I want to run a whole lot more liquor than what we did. Hey, what do you know good about it, tyler? What's going on, man? That's all right. That's all right. We're gonna get a head start on things With this smaller setup. We got that bigger still, but I got a spot in mind. But we can't hardly get that big setup in there, That big 100-gallon pot. Where are you looking at setting up at? This place -- it's a really special place. You just put a little faith in what I'm telling you. When you see it -- I'm just wondering, If we can't get a bigger still In this spot where we're going now, Why even bother starting it? This small still just isn't gonna cut it. We're not gonna be able to produce enough out of this, man. You could easily get 10 gallons a day. You might have to sit with it and put some time into it. I don't even know if you gonna get that out of it. Well, you know, we got to crawl before we can walk. I mean, we're happy to look at it, But, I mean, I don't know. It's kind of making me wonder now. What are y'all doing up here, playing grab-ass? It's about time you showed up, man. How's it going, man? How's it going? We was waiting for you to get up here to do that. I'm just working on this thumper here. We're gonna run this 50-gallon pot here. We need to get down in this spot that I got lined up. Now, what is this spot? That's what I've been wanting to know. It's something that's been in my family for generations. So, are we safe? Oh, yeah. Yeah, exactly. We got to be safe. It is one hell of a spot. Narrator: On the back roads of north carolina, A legend is on the move. [ humming ] [ horn honks ] Narrator: Over the past few years, Jim tom has kept himself busy Building stills for others and mentoring newcomers. Would you help me with my first run a little bit? Absolutely, I will. But you can't keep a true shiner out of the woods forever. That ought to be good. He wants to return to selling shine, So he's called a meeting with an outlaw Who's seen and done it all... [ sighs ] ...Roy. Hello in there. Well, come in, roy. How are you this morning on this rainy day? Wonderful. How are you? Only thing that bothers about me on a day like this -- I got a little bit of arthritis. And I can tell when it's gonna rain. Outside of that, I'm in good shape, For an old man, that is. Yeah. I've known roy for, I'd say, 30 to 40 years at the least, maybe more. Just a little. We gonna set it up, or just building one? Every bit of it. Uh-huh. Start at scratch and build the still, Then set it up. All right. Does that suit you? Oh, yeah. That settles that. Narrator: Jim tom's shine could sell for up to $110 per gallon. But unlike the old days, he's going to have competition. Just a few miles away, Two shiners are preparing a stainless-steel behemoth -- The biggest still these woods have ever seen. Mountain men mark and jeff were once jim tom's disciples. It's better now, jim tom, than it was. For the last few seasons, they've been on their own, And they've become kings of the mountain. Jeff: Uhp. There she goes. It's running. To them, moonshine is more than just booze. [ speaks indistinctly ] It's a tradition passed down for at least five generations. [ echoing ] hello? What side you say it was again? If I didn't misfigure. It holds 760 gallons. That's a lot. Mark: Last season, had a little stuff happen That I sort of regret a little. We shot a fellow's still. Sort of felt a little bad about it. You want to take this shot, mark? Then we messed around, shot his car... And sort of overdone it on that, I guess. Whoa! Sort of feel a little bad about it. Narrator: Back at the house... The third member of the team Is getting ready for guard duty -- Jeff's son, lance. Lance: Security, it's real important. When we're transporting and meeting runners, you know, You never know, one of them could try to rob us Or, you know, could try to kill us. Narrator: But lance is still earning his wings. Lance: Dad, he's a seventh-generation moonshiner. He's been doing it all his life, And I've got a lot to learn from him. But I definitely hope that this year I'll get to handle A lot more responsibilities. At this point, I kind of feel like I've earned my keep. Yeah. Narrator: Coming up... High times in kentucky. Chico: Holy [bleep] Tyler: We're gonna make some money back here. And tim gets closer to the truth. You have any ideas who might have started the fire? No. What about that guy you hired? You think chico? Yeah. Narrator: Tickle and his crew are on the hunt For a new still site Deep in the backwoods of kentucky. Man, you ain't kidding. I'm telling you, we gonna make some money. You don't like getting caught, do you? Chico: I don't like getting caught, but damn. Tyler: Here in kentucky, it's kind of like the wild west. So, you know, there's a lot of underground [bleep] going on. We've been damn walking forever, man, it seems like. When you're dealing with other people That's doing illegal stuff, Especially in a state like kentucky, You never know what you're getting into. You're liable to wind up in a river or a sinkhole somewhere. Narrator: Moonshining has a long history of violence Written in blood. And nowhere did the bodies pile up as high As in the state of kentucky. Known for their large-caliber rifles and tenacity, Kentucky shiners brazenly targeted Law enforcement during the moonshine wars of the 1930s, When at least 35 federal agents were murdered. During one sheriff's four-year term, 16 of his deputies were shot to death by moonshiners. Holy [bleep] man. Look at this crap. Why don't we just set up here? It's probably gonna be about the damn same anyway. Oh, here comes another hill. Y'all ought to be happy about this. Yeah, I knew it. Chico: Thus far, I've not been happy the whole tour. I wouldn't walk back here my damn self Unless it was something real good back here. Tyler: They're a little skeptical, but I think once they see it, There's not gonna be any doubt. They're gonna be just happy as [bleep] We almost there. I've been hearing that For a long time, you know that? Y'all just don't want to do a little walking is what it is. No, I don't mind doing a little walking. But a little walking was about three miles back. Narrator: Over 400 miles away... Hang a left right here. ...A group of north carolina shiners Are on the hunt for a still site of their own. In the off-season... Jeff and lance acquired a massive still Capable of pumping out Thousands of dollars' worth of liquor in a single run. But it would take an army to get a still that size Into the backwoods. So mark and jeff are going to take The biggest risk of their moonshining career. They're going to come down from the mountains and move indoors. Jeff: Yeah. Narrator: Shiners look for several qualities When moving indoors. The site should be abandoned, With high ceilings, multiple exits, And privacy from snooping neighbors. I can do that. Just a few miles away, Two shiners are buying copper to build a new still. Well, got a busy day, roy. Yep. [ imitates squirrel chattering ] [ both laugh ] Lay low, buck. [ laughs ] [ chattering continues ] [ laughs ] Jim tom and roy are known shiners. A big copper purchase is bound to raise suspicions, But a good moonshiner always has an alibi. With materials in hand, Jim tom and roy need to pack it up and go Before some nosy do-gooder puts two and two together. Back in kentucky, after time away with his family, Tim is returning to the scene of the crime. Tim: This whole thing about this fire is, Is it somebody that just don't like me? Somebody that didn't like that I went legal? Am I taking away their business? Or is it just some nut out there? You know, nuts -- they do crazy stuff. Man, you don't know what they're gonna do. Steve: Hey, tim. You know, we're back up to speed after the fire. Yeah, the fire interrupted everything. I see you got it running there. Yeah. You have any ideas who might have started the fire? No, I ain't never had nobody try to burn a distillery down. You didn't make nobody mad, did you? No, I'm not making anybody mad. Well, I ain't made nobody mad. What about that guy you hired and fired? Chico? You making moonshine? Maybe a little. You're jeopardizing the whole operation here. Get your stuff and get out. Chico was messing up. Chico was making moonshine on the side. Yeah. Well, I mean, I didn't make him mad That he'd burn a distillery down. You think chico? Never had any issues before he came here, so... Well, I didn't either till I came here. Coming up... It's time to shine. Josh: We got a lot of liquor we got to sell this year. A lot of orders we got to fill. It's gonna be a hard row to hoe. Narrator: In the mountains of kentucky, It's been a long March, But the boys are finally nearing the promised land. We as close now as we've been. I hope so. You've been saying we was close for a while. Well, I can guarantee one thing we ain't close to, And that's the road or the vehicle. Being a ways away is good for making shine. I just hope it's what you say it is. Holy [bleep] Damn, tyler. I ain't ever in my life seen anything quite like that. Yeah. This right here... That's wild. It's the perfect spot for making shine. We far enough away. Ain't nobody else coming around here. [ chuckles ] Well, there's not many places like this in kentucky, you know. And there is -- there's a few places. Yeah, but they national forests and [bleep] We ain't making no liquor there. This is some private [bleep] here. Ain't nobody knows where this is. You sure about that? The people in my family. Narrator: A 150-foot-high by 300-foot-wide slab of limestone Creates a 150-foot-deep overhang at its base, Providing perfect seclusion for outlaw activity. That waterfall stay like that all the time? Yeah, all year long. Make some good mash with that water. Tickle: Yeah, I reckon you can. We gonna make some money back here. Get that still fired up today. Narrator: With the cash they made From their first sale of the season, Josh and bill bought corn, yeast, and sugar for mash. All right. Now they're going for a personal record -- Their earliest run ever. Bill: I've been kind of itching to get back in the woods all winter. Something about just making liquor -- I mean, once you start making liquor, it's hard to quit. All right. That's nice. Josh: We worked so hard last year, and we had so many failures. It's time to make some of this hard-earned money back. Narrator: To save time, they're using their still site From last season. And just like last year, they're taking every precaution. You go and run the hose down the hill. I'll get her pumped in. The law provides additional charges For moonshiners caught with mash Within 50 yards of their still site. Tell him to put some pressure to it. And we'll be ready to make a run. So josh and bill have come up with an ingenious plan To get around it. I got a few pounds of pressure on her. When they're just about ready to brew... You about ready up there? Yeah, that'll do. ...They'll use a pressurized system To pump the mash down to the still From barrels located 100 yards away. All right, there it is. You got it coming out? Yeah. Josh: We got a lot of liquor we got to sell this year, A lot of orders we got to fill. We got to get a move on. It's gonna be a hard row to hoe. Narrator: Moonshine has been made The same way for thousands of years. Fermented mash is heated in a large pot Until it reaches 173 degrees fahrenheit -- The point at which alcohol vaporizes. The alcohol vapors rise from the mash Into another chamber called the cap, Where any remaining water drops back into the pot. The partially distilled alcohol vapor Then travels through a pipe called the arm To the thump keg, or doubler, Where the vapor distills a second time. That refined alcohol vapor then travels to a coil of copper Set in a barrel of water called the worm box, Where the distilled alcohol vapor is condensed Into liquid moonshine. Squeeze every last Drop of liquor out of this batch of mash. All right, I'm gonna fire it up. Right on. Here, I got it. Put some heat on this thing. Ah, yeah. Bill: Once you fire that still up, I mean, there's a good bit of waiting. You got to wait for your mash to get ready, Then once you put it in the pot and heat it up, I mean, you got to wait for the liquor to come out. She's hotter than hell. Oh, yeah, she's starting to steam. That steam is going into the creek. She'll be ready in a minute. We got some coming out. We're pretty much hitting the ground running this season. Not a bad start to the year. It's been going real smooth today, Getting this run of liquor started. Time for the taste test. Whoo-hoo! [ laughs ] Let me try a little bit more again. I do too much taste-testing, I ain't gonna be worth a damn For the rest of the day. That's pretty good. That's more than pretty good. That's damn good. It's about 130, 140. We'll tore up from the floor up By the time we get all this liquor run down. Right here's the master shiner right here. [ laughs ] Cutie pie's the brains of the outfit. She's kind of like our mascot. [ coughs ] Josh: So far, this has been our best shine season yet. We've already made some sales. We've made some brand-new, fresh moonshine. Put a lid on that. If this keeps up all season long, we're gonna be rich. I always find myself buzzed about middle of the run And then wanting to pass out before the end of the run. I'm gonna try to stay away from too much taste-testing. [ yawns ] Narrator: Across the state line, A deputy sheriff is looking for the smoking gun That will finally put the region's Most notorious moonshiners behind bars. Sheriff's deputy chuck has spent the off-season Placing trail cameras at areas Rumored to be moonshine drop points. We got a 30-30 shell casing here. Should be another one somewhere. There it is. I ain't rode a horse in 20 years. I chose the little horse 'cause I'm a little fella. This horse, actually, my kids and women ride. You know, she's pretty easy to get along with. But even this little one -- it outweighs me by four times. His knowledge of horses is questionable. We'll see how it goes. All right, brother, you ready? Yes, sir. I reckon I am. Now, I'll hold her. Oh [bleep] [ laughs ] Dang! Here, we got you. Easy. There we go. All right. Here we go. Now you a [bleep] cowboy. He's going down. Hey, look, this horse is about to be -- There you go. [ laughs ] Ah [bleep] Ah, damn. [ laughs ] And she even got scared. Narrator: In a lonely corner of north carolina, Lance is on a mission. He's sitting surveillance on a boarded-up warehouse. If it proves empty, It can be the perfect indoor site For their massive new still. Lance: We're gonna make sure it's abandoned Before we set anything up or do anything down there. Probably gonna sit on it for about a week. Around here, There's so many just old, abandoned houses and stuff. You can pretty much be parked around here for a couple days And nobody really pays that close of attention. Narrator: There's no risk of property forfeiture If they get arrested, so abandoned warehouses Make excellent indoor still locations. Lance: I've got me a gun here. It was easy just to grab this 'cause it's got the scope on it. It's unloaded and safe. Dad and mark -- they told me That they're gonna trust me more. Now I'll get the chance to prove myself to them. And hopefully I don't let them down. Oh, right there's somebody. I guess he's just another passerby. Just, you know, kind of looked a little odd to me, so... Hate to get caught because we didn't check up on something. [ thunder rumbles ] Narrator: In a state known for its history Of moonshine violence... Somewhere we got to find out who started this fire. Narrator: ...Tim's on his way to question a man he thinks Could be involved in the arson at the distillery -- His former still hand. Chico lives in the backwoods, as you can tell. You got to go through this creek to get to his house. [ dog barks ] I'll see if he's around here. [ truck door closes ] Chico. What's going on? Everything's going all right? Lights still on? What have you been doing, anyway? I don't know how to say it, but I just want to get to the point. You know, they had the little fire at the distillery? You know, we don't know who it is. Have you heard anything about -- I mean, somebody talking about it, maybe? I don't think  I made nobody mad. Well, yeah, I could have, I guess, But right now I don't know. I don't know what the law enforcement is doing. You know, they said they got to investigate and all that, But, I mean... I kind of heard they talked to you. Yeah. All right. All right. Yep. You know, we know somebody tried to burn the distillery. We know that part. But, you know, chico is saying That he didn't have nothing to do with it. He has an alibi. He was somewhere in lexington. But he was a little... I just want to get to the bottom of this story. Narrator: Tim's back is to the wall. He can't be sure who started the fire, Who to trust, or which way to turn. For a craft loved by so many, Moonshining always brings more than its fair share of trouble. This season on "moonshiners"... Boy, the [bleep] y'all getting me into. All right, bub. You ain't in an easy spot right there to be working on anything. You getting worried about one little leak. Well, then you'd have been hollering to me about it. I've heard all I'm gonna hear. [ clang ] Woman: This thing has slipped. Come on, come on, come on. [ gunshot ] [ laughs ] yeah! [ speaks indistinctly ] [ glass shatters ] there went my window. What happened? Aah! [ grunts ] There she goes. All right. Dude, what's wrong with making -- Just make it right here. What the [bleep] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 