Moonshiners: Season 4, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Moonshiners 
 s4e6 - Moonshine Takedown - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Moonshiners (2011–…): Season 4, Episode 6 - Moonshine Takedown - full transcript 
 Tickle nails down a stash spot. Josh and Bill butt heads in the backwoods. Jim Tom and Roy are back in action. Mark and Digger's still goes from old school to state-of-the-art. And Mark and... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Mark: Well, I'm a mountain man. I love the woods. I'm a moonshiner. I'll show you how to make moonshine. I'll show you how to drink moonshine. There ain't nobody ever moonshined More than I moonshined. I'm a moonshiner. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn Narrator: Tonight, on "moonshiners"... Ready? Yep. Fire in the hole. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Bill: There's a whole bunch that can go wrong. We've already had a still blow up on us. Narrator: ...The passion of an old timer. Roy, you know I love to do this. I'd rather do this than eat shrimp. And in north carolina, it's the day of reckoning. Jeff: Law car coming up behind us. Mark: Pull over. Blue-lighting us, too. Man: This is how we make the moonshine! Captions paid for by discovery communications Narrator: When the forest canopy is lush and green, Moonshine season is well underway. Shiners are working around the clock Pumping out thousands of gallons of liquor. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 But a family moonshine operation in north carolina is limping To the starting line. Lance: This place has got to work. If we get one more flop, then we're done. And all we got to do is get moved in And we're ready to go. After their last site was compromised, Lance came through in the clutch with a backup location -- A barn nestled in the woods with a good vantage, Multiple getaway routes, and ample water. But this late in the season, They're taking every precaution necessary To shore up the hidden location. Jeff: We need to go ahead and get them cameras mounted And watching the place, So we make sure there ain't nobody snooping around Before we set the still up here. [ chimes ring ] We're a little bit behind, but we're trying, you know, To do everything we can do to keep from getting caught. Mark: I've set up stuff everywhere in these mountains. Jeff: You get in too a big hurry, you will get arrested. I mean, it's that simple. If we get caught, we're going to jail. I'm gonna run my string across this path. And then we got to go down the side And get it in the ground. I'm gonna tie this end off solid. If anybody crosses this path, it'll warn us. [ chimes ringing ] I can hear them from here. [ ringing continues ] we'll be able to hear it. Narrator: Moonshiners have always relied on lookouts, alarms, And concealment to keep them safe from the law, But nothing has been as effective At keeping shiners out of prison as the payment of granny fees, Which are nothing more than bribes to government officials. The term derived from a fee a couple would pay to a midwife For the delivery of a baby. Except during prohibition, the couples were shiners, Midwives were cops, And the babies were buckets of moonshine. But in present-day graham county, The law isn't taking any granny fees. Put one somewhere, like, over here. So, lance is making some modern upgrades to security. One over here in this window. You know, dad and mark, They just grew up in a different generation. You know, they didn't really have technology back then. We've just got the two cameras right now. Add a little bit of peace of mind to us. Jeff: You ready for me to plug these cameras up out here? Yeah, go for it. Okay, I'm hooking them up. It's done. Let's see what we look like. We can see the road and all, can't we? Oh, yeah. But that one's got our main entrance. I mean, see both roads, See if somebody comes off the bank. Jeff: We use old methods, and we use new methods. It don't matter If it's something they used 200 years ago Or if it's something that, you know, With the technology they got today. If it works, you know, we're gonna use it. Narrator: While mark, jeff, and lance set down roots in their new site, Another shiner is homeward bound. Tickle: Tyler and chico, we all made us a lot of good shine, And that's on the way back to virginia now. Narrator: After a strong start brewing tim smith's recipe At their still site in kentucky... Tickle: Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. ...Tickle, chico, and tyler found a patsy To bootleg 60 gallons of liquor across state lines. Man: See you in virginia. All right. I will see you in virginia, my man. Before it arrives, tickle needs to lock down A secure stash site, but it won't be easy. Last season, tickle hastily hid his shine in a tobacco barn That was still in use... Tickle: [bleep] Narrator: ...And the stash got looted. Tickle: All I know is I can't ever use that house again. I got an old buddy named levi. He's got a nice junkyard. I'm gonna just talk to him, and see what I can't do. Hey, levi, you around? Hey, levi? Oh! My old buddy, tickle. What you doing, boy? You know me. Good to see you, bud. Good to see you, too. I'm needing to kind of store a few things, you know? Wondering if you might could help me out. Yeah. Tickle: You know, levi, he's a pretty hard negotiator. 20%, you know, that's a lot more than what I wanted to give him, But I like levi's place here Because nobody ever is gonna connect levi with shine. People know levi don't even drink. You killing me, levi. You know? [ laughs ] Narrator: Meanwhile, in graham county, north carolina, Jim tom and roy are putting the finishing touches On their rig before moving it into the woods. Jim tom: I'm gonna clean the outside. I like a clean still. If the law cuts it down, I want them to say to theirself, "that's a beautiful little old machine." Yeah. Did you ever use any ketchup? Yeah. On something besides french fries? Yeah. Quite a bit of stuff. That's soft enough. Let's see how this works. Get over here where you can see. Oh, you're doing a fine job. I don't want to get around there and slow you down. An old moonshiner trick -- Use ketchup instead of expensive specialty cleaners To make a copper still look like a brand-new penny. I don't like to let the cat out of the bag. The vinegar and ketchup act like a mild acid, Which dissolves the harmful copper-oxide tarnish That forms on the still over time. Well, it's turning green, isn't it? Yeah. Lookit there. That's right. It's like a penny come out of the u.S. Mint -- philadelphia. Yeah. That's fine. Yeah. I got to bore a hole for my worm. Jim tom: Come here and look at that And see if that looks pretty straight to you. Oh, yeah. All right. I'll make you sing the honky-tonk. Give me your money. Or you'll fry me, huh? See, it's still. Okay. The still's done. Jim tom: Now getting it in the brush to run the liquor with. In the foothills to the east, Requests for josh and bill's shine are piling up. About 2, 2 1/2 weeks. Maybe 3 weeks. And they've got little to show for it. We got a ton of people, after last season, wanting To buy our moonshine. We got to get a move on. Narrator: But since their still explosion, Their season has been in flux And their partnership on the rocks. Bill: He's a different kind of crazy than I am, And that's kind of where the problems lie in, That we're not the same kind of crazy. You want to lay this out flat on the ground first? Yeah. Get it marked and... If they don't get their new still built And running soon, their season will be a wash. Josh: In carpentry, you measure twice, And you cut once. This is a sheet of copper. It's expensive. You know, once we cut it, that's it -- it's over with. It might help if I watch where the fire's going. Beautiful. Bill: I know it ain't perfect, But I think it's gonna be a dang good start. I might tap it back out a little bit. Josh: Perfect, man. I think that'll work. Hell yeah. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. I'm not liking how it's bending that up. We have sort of a problem right there. That's a problem. Think we can beat that back out? [ sighs ] we could try. Do you see how it kind of rolled back right there And it looks like A couple monkeys hammered this thing together? Josh: We got ahead of ourselves. We should've took some pliers and worked it all the way around And got it good and snug so it couldn't push anywhere And then hammer it down when we realized It was gonna line up all the way around. [ hammer banging ] Josh: It's ruined. It's not ruined. It's not ruined. Don't say that. It ain't never ruined. Bend her back a little bit. Get her straightened out. [bleep] we ruined this thing. No, we didn't ruin it. [ groans ] This side's gonna leak like a son of a bitch. At the end of the day, it's just got to function. It don't got to be beautiful, but this is ridiculous. It ain't gonna work. [bleep] damn it! I still don't think this is non-recoverable, bud. That's gonna be hard to fix. Bill: Five more minutes of finesse. Josh: Done with it. We're gonna do it right. Three seconds of violence, Then we're back to square one on this damn lid. When I get fed up, I'm fed up, And that's just all it is to it. I was done with it. Narrator: Coming up, jim tom and roy ain't whistling dixie... [ whistles ] [ blows ] ...Patsy paranoia... If he figures out what he's hauling, It may get to the law. ...And jeff's number is up. Blue-lighting us. Narrator: For moonshiners, still building requires patience and precision. But today, one shiner is lacking in both. Bill: Three seconds of violence, Then we're back to square one on this damn lid. When I get fed up, I'm fed up, And that's just all there is to it. I was done with it. Narrator: Josh and bill are down to their last piece of copper. They've got one final shot before the whole day is wasted. That's it, ain't it? Bang, bang. Bill: We destroyed the lid. We had to start all over. Ruined that piece of copper -- that expensive piece of copper. I didn't want to do that. We just messed up, and I think we just damn too hot. Too hot, yeah. Bill: We got too excited, And this thing's coming together. This thing's coming together. Bill: We ain't completely out of the woods yet, But we got our cap mostly made. We got the lid on it at least. Done. Narrator: With the cap complete, Josh and bill can get started on the arm -- A pipe that connects the pot to the thumper. Are you cool with making it like sort of a cone shape And then, like, smashing the cone together So it's just like this on the end, And making it about this big, About this long? Why, though? You saying you want to, like, build the arm coming off of it, Then, like, squish it together like an egg? Yeah, sort of like an egg Because I don't want it to be perfectly round. I think that'll look stupid. I don't care how it looks. I mean, is it squishing together like an egg Gonna make it make liquor any better? It's just gonna make it look better. Don't make it look better. You're killing me. You're killing me. It doesn't have to look better. Do we have to sit here and argue about it? No, I mean, I'll build it egg-shaped if you want. I just don't understand. I just don't understand. You're making a big deal out of it. Why not round? I just told you. Because it's gonna look stupid. Whatever. Let's just get through this thing. Okay. All right? Okay. Look at that. Hot dog. You liking it? Yeah, and as far as height-wise, it's right. The fitting's on the right side and everything. You ever noticed every still we've built, We built it this way? We never built one this way. What, going from left to right Instead of right to left? Yeah. I want to build a japanese one going from top to bottom. [ both chuckle ] I'll find me a new partner. [ laughs ] Narrator: Josh and bill are the newest generation of shiners, But they could be the last. Nowadays, with legal moonshine on liquor store shelves, The old ways are dying out. But two shiners in tennessee intend to change that. Ramsey: Moonshine that's made legally in the factories is kind of like Eating a bologna sandwich at home in the kitchen Instead of eating a bologna sandwich by the river At a picnic. Nobody knows why, but it tastes better by the river. Narrator: Mark and digger learned to make moonshine from the best. Ramsey: Popcorn sutton was one of the last folk heroes. Narrator: Now they'll carry the knowledge forward. What you doing, buddy? I know what you ain't doing. You ain't cleaning this place up. Move that [bleep] around there wherever you can. I got me a seat. There's a chair here. You got something to sit on? Yeah, a bucket. I'm trying to figure out how to build What is called a dephlegmator. I read about these things in a 1937 publication. They supposedly can eliminate the thump keg And act as a doubler. So, my theory is if you use one of these And use a thump keg, also, why isn't it a double double? Why isn't it a quad run, maybe, so to speak? [ chuckles ] Originally invented in 1925 by samuel dickey, A dephlegmator is a sealed copper coil That enters and exits Through holes in the top of the cap. Cold water is circulated through the dephlegmator coil. This provides better initial distillation. The purified alcohol vapor then travels to the thumper For even further distillation before reaching the condenser. Shine coming from a normal copper-pot still Will be around 130-proof While shine coming from a dephlegmator still Will be around 170. You told allison yet that you're gonna make liquor? [ chuckles ] I ain't got to act lumpy All over my head right now, am I? What about you? You told "big sal" what you're up to? Not really, but I've not told her I wasn't going to, either. You know, wives are like your mama. They can look at you and tell if your lying or not. All right, digger, man. Fetch me that cap over there That's got that thump arm already on it. You got room for it? You move enough of that [bleep] there out of your way. That looks pretty good. Pretty good. All right, let me get down here at eye level. I'll push it to you. All right, we're good. Ready to rock and roll. When this still is complete, Traditional tennessee moonshine will be back on the market. But that won't be the only heritage shine Made this season. Jim tom and roy's still is built, And they're wasting no time loading it into their new site. Roy: It's a good spot. 78 feet in the woods, But there's 30 acres of open cow pasture, So we can see everything that moves. Before they can ever get to us, we can be somewhere else. Is that it? I think so. Get your flashlight. I'll be back soon as I get this truck out of sight. Narrator: This location has all the markings Of a perfect still site -- far from people with good cover And a clean, cold water source. Hunh-unh. Just a few miles away, Moonshine season is well underway, And mark, jeff, and lance have yet to produce A single drop of liquor. Lance came through with the new site, But they're not out of the weeds yet... Jeff: What I'm gonna do is just drag it off and stand it up. Because their still is a monster, Standing 10 feet tall and weighing more than half a ton. [ engine turns over ] Are we ready? Mark: Yeah. Lance: Whoa! Hey. About lost my finger when that shifted. We got to get them feet on the ground where the hole -- There we go. Whoa! Mark: We just have to be careful right here. If it slips off -- Lance: Once he gets that in there, I can't hold this part. That's okay. Hold it. We got it. Whoa! [ sighs ] Jeff: Get ahold of it there, lance. Mark: There you go. Mark: It's wanting to shift. Come this way. You don't need it no higher than that. Watch them light fixtures. Mark: I can't see them. Let it down. Jeff: It's been a long time coming, but it's in here, isn't it? Bit of a workout holding that thing up. I didn't strain a bit. Me and mark did. [ laughs ] Jeff: That's good, mark. Narrator: This 760-gallon setup has jeff $20,000 in the hole, But it'll pay back dividends once the shine starts flowing. Just a single run could yield up to $8,000 tax-free. Jeff: Man, I'll tell you -- It's like climbing a three-story building To get to the top of this thing. Lance: All of our money is right here. The money that we will be making, We have to have this to make it. Jeff: Somebody may have to get another ladder and help me here. End of our season definitely if we lost this site. Jeff: You can get that side started down in there. Mark: I can't reach around it. Narrator: Coming up, josh and bill play with fire... Bill: There's a whole bunch that can go wrong. We've already had a still blow up. Narrator: ...And a kink in jim tom's plan. Oh! Jeff: If you can get that side started down in there. Narrator: Mark, jeff, and lance thought they found The perfect site for their massive new still. [bleep] But they should've measured twice. Mark: Yeah, we was gonna take the blocks out And try to lower it and put it on wood. But if the wood won't hold, it's just more problems. And dangerous, too. If something would've broke Or something and landed on top of you, Something like that could kill you. Jeff: If you can get on this side of us, mark, Me and lance will pick it up here, And you can slide that block out. You ready, lance? Let's go. [ grunts ] Ready? Mark: Yeah. Ease it down. Lance: Well, if it's gonna break, This is gonna be the time it's gonna break. Jeff: Ready? [ grunts ] I'll have to set it down on the ground this time. [ grunts ] Here we go. [ grunting ] Lance, you keep it from turning and falling over. Ready, lance? Yep. Ready? Mark: Yeah. Ease it down. Pretty level. See if that cap will fit it this time. That set it down 3 1/2 inches. That ought to give me plenty of room. Mark: Let it go right there. Okay. Ease it back. We got the cap in. Lance: This is our biggest still we've ever run. I mean,these legal distilleries ain't got a still this big. Just because of the size and the sheer weight of it, You know, if it shifts any direction, It could fall and hurt somebody. It's way heavier than anything I've ever moved before. Jeff: This thing's massive. About 100 -- over 100 gallons to the run. We can run 10 runs on this. We won't have to worry about money next year. Narrator: 150 miles to the east, Storm clouds are rolling in, shutting most shiners down. [ thunder rumbles ] Bill: There's that thunder again. The clouds are preparing for battle. Narrator: But josh and bill have no time to lose, So they'll work on a vital component To their submarine pot -- the burner. Bill: All right. I'm pretty sure I got mostly the right lengths. Josh: We're just trying to put off getting wet. It's pouring down rain outside, And I'm not really looking forward to getting out in it. Bill: Never built a burner like this before, And we never had a submarine pot before, So we're gonna give it a shot. Looks like she's gonna turn out pretty good for us. You ready to screw this thing in or no? The burner on the large copper still Only needs to heat roughly five square feet of surface On the bottom of the pot While the burner for josh and bill's new submarine still Will need to evenly heat about 25 square feet. Once we get set up, It's gonna be a hell of a lot more payout. To cover that area, they'll build a trident-style burner Used exclusively on submarine pot stills. Bill: With the submarine pot -- I mean, it's a lot flatter than it is tall, So it'll get us good, even heat, And it's gonna keep us from scorching anything. Bill: You want to light this thing up? See what our flame's gonna look like. Bill: If we don't seal these fittings up right, You know, we could have a gas leak up under everything. There's a whole bunch that could go wrong. We've already had a still blow up on us this season. Ready? Yep. [ gas hissing ] I don't know, bill. Man, I think that looks really good. And first try, too. When was the last time we got something right on the first try? We get better and better. Shouldn't have said that. Narrator: Back up in the mountains, Jim tom and roy are halfway through Setting up their still site. But roy is feeling his age. [ whistles ] [ blows ] [ snorts ] Yeah. No. Good, clean water is crucial to making moonshine. It's necessary for making mash and cooling down the condenser, But to get enough water out of the small stream, Jim tom will have to create a dam. Jim tom plans to use a system of pipes and hoses To siphon water from the dam over a small hill And down to the still. Leave that in there, and that ought to hold it. I'm looking to see where it's at. Busted. Jim tom: Oh! Narrator: Coming up, josh and bill are all washed up. Bill: Just the top board. Josh: No. Just the top board. Unh-unh. And lance prepares for the final showdown. I got to do whatever it takes. I've got to protect this site. Narrator: In the smoky mountains... ...Jim tom and roy are engineering the water source For their still site. But the water won't flow. Jim tom: Oh! Narrator: Shiners rely on gravity to run water to their stills, But sometimes the terrain throws a kink in the works. Whoo! Well, that's -- hey, that's like work, roy. [ chuckles ] Plenty of water. Narrator: Back in virginia, tickle's on the clock. Shine's supposed to be showing up today. It should be here anytime now. Narrator: Customers in place and junkyard stash site ready, Tickle has made all the necessary preparations. Now the hard part -- Waiting for the 60 gallons of shine to arrive. This is something totally different Getting, well, pretty much a patsy To carry this shine and haul it for us That don't know what they're doing. Kind of afraid if he figures out what he's hauling, He'll make it to the law. Been sitting here picking my nose waiting on this guy. Come on. Yeah, that's my delivery. All right. [ sighs ] It's about time. How's it going? Good. Made it in one piece, which is always good. That's always good. See my stuff got here. All right. Let's get these things unloaded here. We can just set them right off to the side here. That's good. Oh, well, you know. That thing's my daughter's rock collection. She loves rocks. Tickle: I was really relieved when this van pulled up. I was beginning to worry. He was running late. I didn't know if he done got in touch with the law And figured out what was going on. All right. Have a good day. All right, you too, sir. Thank you. So, now I got this stuff loaded up in my truck, And I'm gonna try to head over to levi's junkyard. I'm gonna see if I can't find a place to stash it. Look at this. Open these things on up here. There's so many different places to hide the shine out here. It's just unbelievable. Even find somebody still got a darn vcr. Five-gallon bucket. [ grunts ] Yeah. I wonder if it'll fit on that shelf. It just does. All right. I don't want to put too much in one spot. I reckon I better find another spot. Nothing too obvious. I'm making a few calls to some of my old contacts, Trying to get some big sales lined up. Tim smith's moonshine is back in town. Got a dented lid. [ sighs ] Ahh. I deserve that, anyways. Narrator: The storms have cleared in south carolina... Bill: We got a bunch more to do. I mean, we got a bunch done, But we got a [bleep] ton more to do. ...Allowing josh and bill to finally finish their still site. Looking good. Start loading in. They've already wrestled the 750-gallon pot into position. Watch your step. [ straining ] oh, god. Can't go no further. Narrator: But there's plenty left to carry in And set up before any shine starts to flow. Josh: Only 4,000 more pounds to tote through the woods. That baby's heavy. Yeah, she is. Josh: Starting to see all this rig come together. This thing is a beast. We're gonna be getting 150, 160 gallons of liquor in one run. We got to move a couple inches at a time. [ grunts ] Oh! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! You all right? Yep. Yep. Almost wasn't. Narrator: With all the pieces finally in place, The last major task is to nail sheets of stainless steel Onto the pot's wooden frame. Damn. I'm worried about all that moisture in it, man. Bill: It been raining pretty hard Since the last time we been down here. The wood's a little bit -- it's saturated. It's swoll up. It's soaking wet. You can feel it. You can see it, even. It's dry here. But our top pieces. It's still got a bunch of moisture in it, though. Our top pieces aren't gonna swell up Like we had hoped they were going to To get that seal In between our stainless and the top rail. I definitely don't want a leaky pot, But we definitely can't afford to take this thing back apart And haul it out to a kiln. Can't we just pop the ones That have been getting the rainwater? Can't we just drag them up to your buddy's house And get him to thrown them in the kiln, at least overnight? Take this apart from this? Just the top board. No. Just the top board. Unh-unh. Just the top board. Unh-unh. No. Look, man. What's our other option? I say let's wrap it with the stainless then, And if it leaks, it leaks. Narrator: Coming up, a shiner goes down. There's a law car coming up behind us. What the hell is that in the creek? What? Them critters? What critters? Damn snails. There's a damn ton of them down here, man. In a survival situation, they got protein. Ain't no way I'd eat that. They got protein in them. [ crunches ] You are sick, man! God! A little crunchy. You are nasty! No, but in a survival situation, If there ain't nothing else to eat, live off these. You're eating it now, And we ain't in a survival situation. [bleep] dang. Ain't never had escargot? I don't want to. Good [bleep] tastes like a steak this big around. That's gross. Get it on some garlic butter. You're a sicko. But it's good to know, I mean, Just in case the bottom falls out, Damn grocery stores ain't open anymore. I've seen you eat worse. Narrator: In south carolina, Seasonal rains have wreaked havoc on josh and bill's plans. Definitely can't afford to take this thing back apart And haul it out to a kiln. The wood frame of their submarine pot Is swollen with moisture, Threatening the air-tight seal needed for the pot to hold mash. What's our other option? I say we wrap it with the stainless, then, And if it leaks, it leaks. We're wasting all this time, And I'm ready to smell that whiskey burning, man. It looks pretty good to me, brother. Let's nail this thing. This ain't exactly the quietest operation In the woods these days, is it? Hell no. [ grunts ] This thing's huge, dude. You were totally right about building it and bringing it in. There'd have been no way we'd have gotten this thing in here. Josh: We definitely did not have time to take it all apart, Get it kilned, get it dried, get it brought back, Put it all back together. We just decided to roll with it. Oh, my gosh, this is awesome. Anybody thinks this is an easy way to make money, They better think again. They're better off going to work at mcdonald's. Ow! God! [ lips smack ] Bill: As many nails as we got in this thing, I don't think any way possible this thing is gonna leak. Man, this thing's got another 20 pounds of nails On top of everything else in it. I mean, time's burning up. Time's wasting, man. We got to get this thing together, And I hope it's gonna swell up enough To close up all the leaks. No. We got to get this thing rolling, though. We're running out of time. Narrator: Josh and bill Aren't the only shiners behind the eight ball. Across the state line, mark, jeff, and lance Have yet to make a dime this season. With their new still site nearly complete, They can't afford another misstep. With all the pressure that's on me and dad and mark, You know, I picked this site. So if this site gets burnt, you know, it's all on me. Even if we just have to move the still to another location, Our season's done. So I'm gonna make sure that this thing's safe tonight. It's just, you know, kind of sit here, watch the cameras. With the money we got sunk into that pot, We was to lose it now, We'd be a lot of money in the hole. We've already lost one site that would've worked perfect. I've got to do whatever it takes. I've got to protect this site. Narrator: While lance holds down the home front, Mark and jeff are back on the road Getting the final supplies for their still. Mark, we'll go get these other few fittings For this flake stand, And we'll have that much of it done, anyway. Yeah, we need to get to running quick as we can, don't we? More work we do, the further behind we get. Yeah. We good. Stay on it. Mark, there's a law car coming up behind us. Still coming? Yeah, he's still coming. I hope he goes on around us. Oh, lord. Blue-lighting us, too. He just want around us, or reckon he's pulling us over? Might as well see what he's wanting. Yeah. I'll sure do it. Okeydoke. No. No. Okay. No, I don't care a bit. Don't care a bit? Okay. Anything you want to look for in there. No. Narrator: Next time on "moonshiners"... I'm right here where I'm supposed to be meeting the guy, And there's a cop. Narrator: ...Tickle's first sale of the season... We got to roll right here, man. This place is hot. ...Tim's legacy in jeopardy... No, but it ain't my moonshine. ...And the heat is on in south carolina. Stopped behind our truck. How's it going, officer? All this metal and stuff you got in here Looks like some of the makings Of what goes for a moonshine still. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 