Moonshiners: Season 4, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Moonshiners 
 s4e5 - Tennessee Rising - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Moonshiners (2011–…): Season 4, Episode 5 - Tennessee Rising - full transcript 
 Two former still hands of moonshine legend Popcorn Sutton emerge from the shadows. Tim learns that getting out of the illegal liquor business doesn't get you out of the woods. And a ton of ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Narrator: Tonight on "moonshiners"... Tim: It's not mixing. ...The accusations fly. Something's wrong with your machine. Troy: Nothing's wrong with my machine. Something's wrong with the operator. Three shiners are against the ropes. For the first time ever, Two purists agree to share their secrets. What do you think about maybe us making a little bit of liquor? [ grunts ] 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And the plug gets pulled in south carolina. It's over! I'm going home! I'm done. Man: This is how we make the moonshine! Captions paid for by discovery communications Narrator: Across the southern United States, An invisible war has been raging for generations. Jeff: Ah! [bleep] damn! [ gunshots ] And in north carolina, one sheriff's deputy Just tipped the balance in favor of the law And gave three moonshiners the scare of their careers. Mark: Wow. [bleep] That's the end of that place. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Mark, jeff, and lance are making mash sticks To try and calm their nerves. They can't stop down for long. They've got nowhere to set up their still. Until a new still site is secured, They could be losing up to 10 grand a day. Can he be trusted? Oh, yeah. I mean, he won't know nothing about it. Even if he did find out, I mean, it's not like he's gonna report us. We might have to give him a little hush-up money, but... Across town, two rival shiners are proving That slow and steady may win the race. [ synthesizer plays ] Jim tom and roy have spent the last week Building a copper-pot still from scratch. And it's finally ready for prime time. "grey eyes"? Mm-hmm. Come on, betsy. [ horn honks ] Roy is driving jim tom's model "a" ford, A favorite of moonshiners since its debut in 1927. Its v-8 engine was the first of its kind And powered an unprecedented period of criminal enterprise. It was much more nimble Than its four- and six-cylinder predecessors. And with moonshiners in the driver's seat, The model "a" left sheriff's deputies trailing in the dust. During jim tom's 50 years in moonshining, He's learned that plenty of cover, Cold, running water, and a clear vantage point Are necessary for a still site. Right in here. You like the looks of this place? Oh, yeah. I'm camouflaging. It will be right in behind all this stuff. Jim tom: Well, I took roy up to the spot, And he says it's a very fine place -- Plenty of good, cold water, camouflage. We can go pretty close to it. Nobody's never gonna see it. Do you see me? [ laughs ] About camouflaged pretty good, ain't it? We know where we're gonna put it. Tomorrow, we'll bring it in here. Mm-hmm. That's what we want. Be right in their face and they not know it. You couldn't see a big hog stand back in there now. Narrator: But while one partnership is moving forward, Another is stumbling. You can waste your breath later. Let's flip it over, get the metal on it, and keep on going. I got [bleep] I got to do tonight. After a massive failure... What the [bleep] ...Josh and bill began construction On a 750-gallon blackpot submarine still. Right on. But the process has them at each other's throats. I'm not gonna tote the damn thing Through the woods in one piece. You're being a pansy. This thing weighs 300 pounds. I didn't sleep yet, man. I ain't got no rest. I'm wore out. Pulled in this morning, trying to get all this stuff loaded up, Get it out to the site. Now josh is dragging ass a little bit. One thing about you being wore out That I feel a lot better about, You ain't gonna ask me to drag this still in In one piece, are you? [bleep] I don't want to drag any of it. It's gonna be a long day, brother. I mean, it's so close, we can almost taste it, man. Got it, brother? Yeah. One heavy son of a gun, I know that. Josh: I just ain't into it today. I just want to go to the lake and lay down in a lounge chair And enjoy the sunshine for a day or two. I need a break, but we're running out of time. You about ready to go get this thing set up? She ain't gonna build herself. Bill: This takes about every dime we got From what we've already made to rebuild this submarine pot, And we still ain't made a drop of liquor yet. I mean, this thing's got to turn around at some point And start making us some money instead of just costing us. Cutie pie, come on. [ clicks tongue ] come on. Narrator: To stay far from the law, Shiners choose the most remote still sites possible. We got this now. Now we just got to get it out of here. But to make it there, they need the right set of wheels. Tickle: The quicker we get it out of here, The quicker I can get back to virginia with it. So tickle, chico, and tyler have rigged a tractor To haul out their remaining $7,000 worth of shine. Tickle: That shine -- that's fixing to go down the road to virginia, And it's fixing to start paying us back For all of these problems that we've had. I got this pump strapped on here. I hope we didn't lose none of it. Tyler: We can get an electric pump And pump this stuff out of these buckets And get it in these barrels so we can get it out of there. All right. We don't want to be up here with buckets Pouring in this little, bitty hole Or trying to put a funnel up there and taking all day. I got her. Ready? [ drill whirring ] There we go. There we go. That's kind of like pouring money in there. Hey, fellas, I ain't gonna lie to you, this is loud. How full is that damn barrel? This one here's about full. Chico: It's a whole lot of stress and a whole lot of worry About that noise, but look at this. After we get done right here, We can give this place a break, man. We can get out of here. I'm gonna go in after some more. All right, brother. Hey. Yeah. We just need to hurry up. This is loud. Yeah, I know it. Tyler: I hate making all this racket in here, But we really ain't got no choice. It's the last two. Good deal. I'm glad we're about done with this. We're getting on up there now. We about got two full barrels. Man can go and buy him a pretty nice tractor with that, Couldn't he? He can buy all kinds of stuff, But if we don't hurry up and get out of here, We get caught up in here, We ain't buying nothing but damn bail money. [ whirring stops ] All right. I believe that's it, boy. Tickle: Let's just go on ahead and get this thing out of here. We done been loud, and we're fixing to crank a tractor up. That ain't good. What? What ain't good? [ sighs ] Mnh. We done run the battery down with that pump. With that pump. Tickle: We've got a lot of shine right there. Ready? Yep. Unh-unh. If we get caught with it, it could go right down the drain. [ grunts ] no. This got to get out of there. This got to get out of there quick. Chico: I have my doubts about a lot of things, But I'm starting to think this place is cursed. [ grunts ] Narrator: Coming up... Damn. He's been gone for a minute, ain't he? ...The team's future is riding on tickle's shoulders. Well... A new partnership is tested. Uh-oh, uh-oh! It is challenging working with a new person. Spilling, spilling! Spilling. Aah! And two shiners are surrounded. What the hell was that? Narrator: Three kentucky shiners are flirting with disaster. [ key rattling ] That ain't good. What ain't good? We done run the battery down with that pump. With that pump. Narrator: Stuck on the side of the road While carrying seven grand worth of shine Is a good way to wind up on the wrong side of a prison wall. Ain't no sense sitting down here looking like a jackass When we can go get a battery. You all right? Tickle: I'll go get the battery. You guys -- y'all stay here with the shine. Chico: We got to get it out of here. It's gonna get dark. All right. This is at the hurry up, wait [bleep] Tyler: Mm-hmm. Sitting around, waiting on tickle. You got that right. [ spits ] Tickle: They think a little bit less of me, I guess, Because I'm a lot smaller than them. But, you know, I'm one of the toughest son of bitches out there. Right now I'm concerned whether or not He's gonna be able to pack that damn battery in here. All right. [ grunts ] Let's get this thing on down there. [ grunts ] Big battery. [ ringing ] Woman: You have reached  the voicemail box of... Damn, that's the sound you want to hear When getting distressed, ain't it? Well... I hope we made the right move of sending him out here. Well, I sure hope so. He talked like he would be able to pack it out of here. Well, the battery's bound to be bigger than he is. Well, it probably weighs 60 pounds at least. Well, that's three pounds more than he does. Yeah. [ grunting ] [ sighs ] Damn, he's been gone for a minute, ain't he? I hear some bushes rustling. Narrator: While ticket's stuck humping gear, His former partner, tim, isn't in much better shape. After an arson attempt ran him out of kentucky, Tim smith teamed up with a turnkey distillery. Troy: We've won some gold medals. What do you need? I need to make more product. And he's not seeing eye-to-eye with his new partner. One boss, one boss. I showed up today to mix up my first batch of climax moonshine. And as for distilling, Maybe some of my backwoods technology here Can kind of rub off onto her a little bit. But, then again, she's got some high-tech equipment here, So I'm gonna have to learn some of what she's doing, too. Narrator: Tim's setting up enough mash To make a thousand gallons of white whiskey. Tim, what are you doing? I'm making some mash. You don't need to carry every one Of those 800 pounds of corn up here. We bought these pro boxes, and we put all that corn, And we lift it up, and we set that box right on top of here. And it's easy. We're not in the backwoods anymore, honey. [ laughs ] okay. Yeah, seriously, let's try it. We're just gonna empty these in there. I'm doing what I'm thinking is the right thing to do, And then troy all of a sudden comes with this idea That we need to put the corn over in this big, plastic -- She calls it a pro box. I just call it a plastic tote on a pallet. That's it right there. Stop. Okay, and we're gonna open this door. Ready? Troy: Okay. It's not mixing. You got the mix on? Something's wrong with your machine. Nothing's wrong with my machine. Something's wrong with the operator. What you talking about? It just turned to a block of dough in that tank. First time you're here, something screws up. You said pour it in there. I was putting it in a bag at a time, no problem at all. It was mixing up. You said dump it all in there. Narrator: Troy's method may have been better for tim's back, But it did nothing to help his moonshine. Things went pretty good until troy showed up. Uh-oh, uh-oh! It is challenging working with a new person. I feel like I'm in the woods. Such a mess. Uh-oh. It's spilling. Uh-oh. Spilling. Spilling, spilling. Ahh! Oh! What happened? Troy: It was a disaster. We'll see how the mash turns out. Whoo! See? Good. Narrator: Many old-timers say That in order to be real moonshine, Liquor needs to be both untaxed And made outside of a commercial distillery. We got liquid coming out. [ coughs ] [bleep] Damn, I got an instant drunk. [ laughs ] Narrator: Celebrated moonshiner popcorn sutton Made traditional moonshine in the backwoods of tennessee. Lord, that's pretty. He only taught his methods to a handful of shiners. Now one of those men Is ready to share that knowledge with the world. Mark ramsey believes traditional shine Is the only one worth making. Another bucket or so, we'll be good. Moonshine that's made legally in the factories, The people in the mass-produces, They don't love the product they're making. It's a job. But there's a higher standard to be held today For illegal moonshiners if they're gonna survive. Narrator: The shiners who learned directly from popcorn are dwindling. Mark: Let's light this mudpuppy. Narrator: But mark knows of another Who shares his reverence for the old ways -- His lifelong friend digger maines. Making liquor gets into your blood. Anybody that's ever made it would say it's in their blood, And they're not lying. It's the smell that you've got in your nose when it's cooking. It's the noise that stills make. It's really indescribable how it makes you feel. Mark: Don't cut yourself on that. That don't take much right there. That cap fits good. Mark and I had been friends for probably over 35 years. He's somebody that I trust, and he trusts me. We have each other's back. Pretty good, pretty good. Boy, you can smell that malt, can't you? You can taste it. Yeah, you can taste it. Mmm. Narrator: Mark and digger have a half-century Of moonshine experience between them, But they haven't brewed together in the past 10 years. The growth of inferior moonshine brands Showing up on store shelves is a call to action for mark, So he's galled a secret meeting. Well, that's a little hollow. It's knocked around. It's got road rash bad. It's got dents and marks. It's gonna take a day or two, though. It ain't gonna be a quick one. It's a 200-gallon copper-pot still -- A tennessee classic, probably close to 50 years old. And it looks like it could use a little love. Right here is the biggest problem we've got. If we can get this fixed, get it hammered back into shape. And it's got a nice puncture wound. Yeah, yeah. Let me ask you something else. What do you think about maybe us making a little bit of liquor? Well... I ain't above it, as long as you don't tell my wife. Digger: I've known mark many years, And I've never turned him down no matter what the cost. Narrator: When mark and digger start shining, The legacy of authentic tennessee moonshine Will carry on. But a copper pot this damaged will take days to repair. All I need is to knock more holes in it. We're getting a little oblong here. Hmm. Well, I knowed this was gonna be a hussy. [ vehicle approaches ] What the hell was that? [ engine revving ] Coming up... That's bull crap. ...Josh goes awol. It's over! I'm going home! I'm not filming this, y'all. Narrator: Two tennessee natives Have decided to keep tradition alive By restoring a classic still. Mark: I believe it's coming. But with the return to traditional distilling, So returns the danger. [ vehicle approaches ] What the hell was that? [ engine revving ] A damn motorcycle run in the mountains. We can't have this. We got to get the hell out of here. We're gonna have to move this thing, digger. [bleep] we'll have to cover it up and hide it. I got an idea where we can take it. Mark: That ain't no way to start out. I'm big on omens, and that's not a good one. Get us the hell out of here. So much for that. Making moonshine ain't never been convenient. Mark: We kind of got scared up a little bit Back at the chicken house. It kind of caught us off guard. [ sighs ] well, we'll try it again, digger. A good friend of mine -- he has this secluded, old barn, And it's very safe. A backup plan's always good. All right. Where you want to start? Probably on this drain. It can't be no good if it don't hold slop. Narrator: Mark is installing a drain valve at the bottom of the pot. It makes removing spent mash as easy as flipping a switch. If we can make this work, digger, Our problem will be solved. Here in a day or two, I'll make a couple of phone calls, And I'll get a couple of people To pick me up a couple of bags of sugar. We'll be in business. Law enforcement monitors bulk sugar sales, So moonshiners have to use back channels To acquire this key ingredient. I'll get them to meet me somewhere kind of private. We can have a private moment. Well, it ain't nobody's business what we're doing. Well, no. I might be making one great, big, old sugar cookie. There's one good thing about my daddy-in-law. Marrying a moonshiner's daughter, She'll make you liquor every night. [ laughs ] Just a scooch closer. All right, digger man. I believe you got it. I believe we can make that work. If you like it, I love it. All right. Over in south carolina... [ exhales sharply ] it's gonna be a long day, man. ...Josh and bill are only beginning The grueling task of hand-carrying The submarine-pot still into the woods One piece at a time. We should have backed in here. Yeah. They've had a rough few days, and it's not getting any better. [ rumbling ] Uh-oh. Come on, cutie pie. Bill: Oh, man. Got a bunch of gear to tote in. Go plot us a path. [ saw buzzing ] Damn, bill. You're spinning out, kicking up all kind of [bleep] I'm sucking it down my damn throat. Tell you what gets me. You was trying to talk me into damn dragging This whole thing in here at one piece. Oh, we could have. Shoo! Could have nothing. We quit before we even got up that first waterfall. [ sighs ] I'm gonna give out, man. I can't even hardly walk straight. One side in, one side to go. She slipped right out of my damn hands. Thank you, lord. [ sighs ] A couple more trips. I need something to eat. My sugar's fell out on me, man. A couple more trips, then we can get that grill set up. Why can't we not just eat first? Why has it got to be so dang aggravating? You can't think of a good argument, can you? Bill: We're behind the ball again. I mean, there's a bunch of work we still got to do. We got customers waiting on liquor And don't even have our new still put together yet. Two more trips each, man. We'll have these blocks in. I don't see why I got to push myself To the point of passing out. That's bull crap. I guess we can get the grill out and get the block later. I was, then, wanting to build a still site, And he was needing to build a grill site, We could get us something to eat. Man, you done getting leaves in the creek, man. I don't mean to sound like a smartass, But are we building a beaver dam down here? Why is it everything I do is [bleep] wrong? No, that's a good looking grill site. I wasn't stirring nothing up. I done asked you once To quit picking me on me [bleep] today. I wasn't picking on you, brother. I ain't [bleep] doing this [bleep] I ain't filming [bleep] like this. Hold up, man. Hold up, man. Brother -- I'm going to the [bleep] house. Josh: It's over! I'm going home! I'm not filming this, y'all. I've had a hell of a [bleep] damn day, and I'm done! Narrator: Coming up, the proof is in the mash. Oh, let's see what it tastes like. Narrator: And tickle runs interference. See what I can't do to distract this feller. Tickle: If he figures out what he's hauling, We'll all wind up in jail that way. Narrator: After their strongest start ever, A series of mishaps has pushed josh and bill to the brink. I done asked you once to quit picking on me [bleep] today. And josh is starting to break. I wasn't picking on you, brother. I ain't [bleep] doing this [bleep] Hold up, man. Hold up, man. I'm going to the [bleep] house. It's over! I'm going home! Bill: I don't know. I've been picking on him. He's been picking on me. But today, he didn't want to get picked on. He was too tired to get picked on. I'm not filming this, y'all. I'm not filming this. I've had a hell of a [bleep] damn day, and I'm done. Both of us are just worn out -- I mean, worn slap out -- And tempers are easy to flare. But we got to keep going. I'm sorry, bill. Hey, I'm sorry, brother. I wasn't meaning to pick on you, man. I wasn't trying to hassle you. It was just it was a little bit of a trigger for me. Josh: Bill's nitpicking really made me angry. But me storming off and acting like a little kid -- That made me even more angry. I was mad at myself. If I could, I'd kick my own ass. I'm sorry I turned into betty white, man. I'm just frustrated. I just need some food. It's time to eat some burgers, man. We got way too much to do. [ blows ] Uh-oh. I guess that one's cutie pie's. Damn it! That's either cutie pie's or mine. You think I won't eat it? [bleep] it's just dirt. A little dirt don't hurt. [ laughs ] right on. Bill: We got us a snack in us, ate a cheeseburger, And we kept on going. Narrator: Before they can run, Josh and bill need to build a foundation, finish the still, And secure the water source. 'cause I think this is all of them, ain't it? One state to the north, Tim smith is heading back to the asheville distillery. Troy, she called me. She said, "the mash is ready." We got to taste it, See what the mash actually looks like. Narrator: After a week of fermenting, He's hoping his mash is ready to run. You know, you got lots of issues, And lots of things can happen, And they can really make a difference. [ whistles ] Troy: You're back finally, huh? Yeah, I'm back. So, you got the mash. It looks good, and... It looks so different than my mash. Well, I bet it does. Little dark stuff floating in it. I've got rye and barley in mine. I think you've just got corn. I could just take one peek in there, and I'd say, "well, that's tim's mash." Yeah. Troy -- she's a little bit concerned about the color of it. But I'm worried about the taste, 'cause the taste profile is number one. It's about my unique flavor, and, you know, That's what it's all about is making my climax moonshine. Troy: So, we're gonna pull a sample. Here's what we've got. Here we go. See some of the grain still floating in it. Mm-hmm. Yeah, smells like my mash. Narrator: Once all the sugar in the mash has been converted to alcohol, There will be no taste of sweetness left. At that point, it's ready to distill. But that's a start. We got a good smell. I know our equipment makes great whiskey. It's just will it make his style of whiskey. Aw, let's see what it tastes like. You can drink that, now. This is good mash. This is ready to go in a still and cook it. I think it's good, you know, just by taste and smell. Let me taste this. [ laughs ] it's a pretty sour mash. That's the good stuff. You got to have a bitter taste, sour taste. So, when are we gonna put it in the pot? When do you want to do it? Tomorrow? Well, when it's ready, it's ready. For me it looks good, but, then, the story's gonna be told When we put it in a still and we cook it. If this distills as good as it tastes and smells, We're gonna make some good moonshine. All right. Well, we're gonna try it. Narrator: Tim is finally ready to run some shine, While down in kentucky... Yes, sir. Let's do it. ...Tickle, chico, and tyler are ready to ship. Tyler: All right, let's get these things in here. First up, 60 gallons to virginia. Well, look, fellers. I got a truck lined up. Get this stuff back in virginia. Well, the sooner we do that, The sooner we have money in the pocket. But, you know, this guy don't know He's hauling this stuff, man. We can't just, you know, go to throw in quarts of shine And gallons of shine in the back of this guy's truck. It's much less risk on us if we get a patsy, Somebody else to transport this stuff, That not even has any clue what they're doing. Need to put it in somewhere he can't tell it is And cover it up real good where even if they look, They wouldn't want to dig through it. If nothing else, we can build us some boxes up, Anything like that, something plain as can be, Something they ain't gonna take a second look at. You know, we don't want to be bootlegging this stuff. It's too early in the year For us to be taking chances like that, And ain't none of us got no bond money. That right there will be tops and bottoms for the box. We got to build a crooked box for a crooked activity. We bought the reject wood. It was cheaper. Tickle: So, we built us some boxes, Something that really doesn't look like nothing in particular Very interesting, And hopefully all this is gonna work out great And we're gonna make a lot of money on it. Narrator: Moonshiners have been smuggling shine Since the early days. Freight trucks, inconspicuous containers, And even hearses have long been part Of the bootleggers' toolkit. But in 2000, authorities discovered One black-market outfit that went bigger than ever before. They disguised illegal liquor with dye And shipped it in massive containers Marked as windshield-wiper fluid, Mouthwash, and cleaning solvent. Look at that. [ laughs ] Let's get to it. Let's see what kind of boxes he got going here. All right. There's a whole lot of dollars in one box, that's for sure. Well, look, I want to take and throw something Overtop of this stuff. That way, if anybody is to open it up, They'll just see some junk. I got some old stuff. Do you? Chico: The worst it looks, the better off we are. All kind of old stuff, man, over here. Am I hearing vhs tapes? That was a vhs tape, and I'll let you hold on to that. You might need to watch that. [ laughs ] Tyler: We put him on top there to looky out for us. Tickle: Yeah, there you go. Tickle: If I was to open that box up, I'd say it's just a bunch of damn crap. Let me put this on, man. I believe that will do it. Well, that will work, that will work. Hey, somebody's coming up the driveway now. Yeah, that's got to be him. Tyler: You know, there's always gonna be risk involved, You know, letting somebody we don't know Drive this stuff to virginia, So we're not gonna put all our eggs in one basket. We're just gonna send half of it, And hopefully we won't lose what we send up there. Well, you do all the talking. I'm gonna talk to him. Look, I'm gonna try to draw him away. Y'all try to get this stuff in there Without him putting his hand on it. I'd rather he not be looking at me and eyeballing me too much. Tickle: I'm a little worried, 'cause who knows? If he figures out what he's hauling, We'll all wind up in jail that way. Tyler: You just go on out there and deal with it. Yeah. Let's keep it simple. Yeah, y'all get that sled on in there, See what I can't do to distract this feller. Narrator: Coming up... Son of a bitch. ...The uphill battle continues. I can't do it. And setting a still on shaky ground. Lance: If this place is a flop, we're done for this season. I'm gonna put you to dance. How do you like this one? [ synthesizer plays ] [ coughs ] I don't know. How long have you been dancing? [ coughs ] about two minutes. Narrator: In the heart of kentucky's cave country, Three shiners are about to pull a fast one. This guy don't know he's hauling this stuff, man. We can't just go throwing gallons of shine In the back of this guy's truck. Tickle, chico, and tyler Will have to keep the mule they hired in the dark. Chico: Well, you do all the talking. I'm gonna talk to him. Look, I'm gonna try to draw him away. Y'all try to get this stuff in there Without him putting his hand on it. I'd rather him not be looking at me and eyeballing me too much. Yeah. You just go on out there and deal with him. Yeah. Just keep it simple. Yeah, y'all get that sled on in there. How's it going? Man: Pretty good. How about yourself? Doing all right, doing all right. Look, here's cash money for the delivery, right? I got an address in here. It's in virginia. And I will be the one picking it up in virginia myself, as well. All right, but it's a little hard to get to, It's on some back roads, But I got directions in here, too. They shouldn't be no problem for you to find Where I'm gonna be getting to you at. All right. Sounds good. Sounds good. Well, look, they pretty much got you loaded up. Okay. All right? See you in virginia. All right. I will see you in virginia, my man. Thank you very much, sir. Narrator: By keeping the courier uninformed, Tickle protects both the driver and himself. Tyler: Well, I guess that's it. I need to head on back to virginia myself, 'cause I got to get back before he does. Be careful. Holler at us when you get there. I'll do that. Watch out for the law and all that good stuff. I'm gonna always do that. Narrator: The shine is out of tickle's hands Until he gets back to virginia. But deep in the woodlands of south carolina... You can hand it to me if you want. I'll grab her. ...Josh and bill have their hands full Trying to build out their submarine pot. Bill: Well, if you're gonna be a moonshiner, You better be good friends with a shovel, 'cause you're not gonna be able to get away with the thing. There's no way you could even think about making liquor Out in the woods without a pick and a shovel and an ax And a bunch of backbreaking work. I bet we do more damn digging Than any damn moonshiners in history. Josh: Every day that we're not making liquor Is another day that we're not gonna be able to make liquor. The season is passing us by. That's looking pretty damn good. And we got her leveled out, And we're about ready to start building her. Narrator: After josh and bill assemble Their black-pot submarine on leveled-out cinder blocks, They'll attach a thump keg, worm box, And leave enough space to collect and proof their shine. In order to get cold water to make mash And cool the condenser coil, Josh and bill are going to pipe it down a hill From a dam they built on a cold, spring-fed mountain creek Over 100 feet away. Right on. It was a long damn day, and I am beat down. Good to go. Phew! I'm glad it's over, man. No doubt, man. I'm telling you, I'm about beat. Come on, cutie pie. Bill: Man, we've worked ourselves stupid on this thing, And we're getting there. I mean, we're getting there. But we still got a ways to go. [ beeping ] We got a dead battery, brother. [bleep] We're gonna have to push this bastard over that hump. Push? I can't do it. Go stop it. Put the brake on. [ clicks ] [bleep] After today... Damn her! ...This is ridiculous, man. I don't feel like walking home. I can call my old lady, Get her to bring a jump box down here. Hell of a day, man. Narrator: Jeff, mark, and lance have all the parts they need To finish their still, But it's on ice until they can find a home for it. We got to get this thing set up. Lance may have a solution. Jeff: But, you know, we got to make a decision quick, You know, to put the still here or find another spot. But, you know, we don't want to make no hasty decisions And get ourselves caught. I mean, you know... Where's the water at, lance? The water's right here. You just turn the spigot on, and you got water. If it goes good, this will be our biggest season yet. If it goes bad... We're done. Narrator: Next time on "moonshiners"... That's a problem. It's ruined. ...Hard times in south carolina. [bleep] damn it! Tickle's exposed. Tickle: If he figures out what he's hauling, He'll make it to the law. This one has a little bit more weight, don't it? Oh, well, you know. Narrator: And the law makes its move. Come back here in front of my car. Okeydoke. No container in the vehicle? No liquor? [ police radio chatter ] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 