Moonshiners: Season 4, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Moonshiners 
 s4e8 - Liquid Assets - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Moonshiners (2011–…): Season 4, Episode 8 - Liquid Assets - full transcript 
 Tickle has his hands full keeping track of his liquor and Chico and Tyler are becoming suspicious. Bill and Josh build an underground bunker to hide their shine. Tennessee shiners, Mark and Digger, test an invention that could revolutionize moonshining. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I never did tell you about that game warden catching me, did I? I had a bucketful of fish up the creek here a little piece. I probably had 20 or 30 trout in there. He rolled up, and he said, "you're a little over the limit there, buddy." I said, "no, you don't get it." I said, "these are my pet fish." He said, "pet fish?" I said, "yeah. I keep them at the house in an aquarium." I said, "I bring them to the creek every once in a while, Take them for a swim." 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 He said, "well, prove it." I said, "all right," And I took that bucket, dumped it in the creek. He stood there a second. He said, "okay." He said, "call them back." I said, "call what back?" Narrator: Tonight on "moonshiners"... Crossing the thin blue line... If y'all messing with the moonshine, I'd advise you different. Out of sight, out of pocket.... There could probably be a thousand blue volkswagens Down here, as far as I know. I know I got shine in one. Narrator: ...Old ways die hard.... Damn, popcorn. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What have you got us into? ...And a north carolina takedown. [ siren wailing ] How we doing there, guys? Man: This is how we make the moonshine! Captions paid for by discovery communications Narrator: The heat is on in shine country, As the late summer's cooling temperatures Have moonshiners scrambling to run their stills Before the season burns away. And in a secluded barn in north carolina... Man: It takes a long time running that much liquor, boy. Narrator: ...The largest moonshine still In the smoky mountains is over 22 hours into an epic run, And the burner is still firing. [ man laughs ] Jeff, mark, and lance's 750-gallon behemoth Has produced almost $10,000 worth of premium white lightning In a single run. But it's cost them a sleepless night. Man: I ain't never sit up this long on a still. I'm gonna sit up here and watch for leaks. Is that one about full? Yep. I'm gonna fill her up a little bit more. You can go ahead and get another one ready, if you want to. Hey, jeff... Yeah? There's a fire. Narrator: If this fire had raged out of control, It would have only been the latest In a long history of disasters Dating back to the early days of moonshining. In 1922, eight stills in a brooklyn home detonated, Causing multiple injuries and killing one fireman. And in 1928, A 250-gallon moonshine still exploded in the basement Of a pool hall in ronald, washington. The ensuing fire burned the entire town to its foundation, Leaving 136 people homeless. [ sighs ] Yep. Close call right there. What would have happened if, you know, If we'd have been dozing when this fire happened, you know? It'd have been three less moonshiners here. Narrator: 100 gallons of whiskey is a major haul, But with over 20 grand sunk into their operation, It's gonna take at least one more all-nighter Before they break even. And as the sun rises in kentucky, Two shiners are trying to sneak a still into the woods Before the county wakes up. I'm trying to take it easy on chico. He's back there holding on to everything. Aah! You trying to kill me or something?! Narrator: Chico and tyler Are part of a growing multi-state bootlegging empire. They're struggling to meet their quota. Tyler: We got a lot of irons in the fire, With what we sent to tickle, And we got a little bit of that left. We just got to keep the ball rolling And keep pushing forward. Narrator: With their partner tickle, They produced nearly 100 gallons of shine in a hidden cavern. Man: God thing. We're about to get me out of here without breaking my neck. Narrator: But moving their whiskey out of the remote site Cost them serious time and money. That ain't good. [ grunts ] So they've abandoned the cave and gone back to their roots, Heading to a backwoods location A couple miles from tyler's farm. [ grunts ] Man: Ow! Chico: This is one of the worst parts about making liquor, Is you got to move all this stuff. You got to work harder to make more money, That's for damn sure. Oh, yeah. How clean is it? Oh, it's coming out of that spring up there. It's good and clean. That joker's tall on them blocks. It ain't easy to do. If we get 10 gallon out of this run, I'm confident we'll at least get 10 gallons. We run this off, That's another thousand dollars right there -- boom. That's pretty good money, cash. No taxes. Well, we growing. I know that. We growing, but I still ain't put no money in my pocket. You know, I've called a couple times, And I ain't got no response, And that kind of makes me worry a little bit About what his intentions are. All right. Teamwork. We got fire now. [ groans ] I got to go, man. He's in bad shape. You better get farther away than that. Chico: My daddy always told me -- he said, "when mother nature calls, You got to answer the phone, 'cause you ain't gonna like What she leaves on the answering machine." You talk about relief. Rinse your hands off real good. Get you a good hand wash. How long it's still running out here? It's a-bubbling. It's fixing to come out here. Narrator: Combined with their cave shine, They should soon have $6,000 Worth of tax-free spirits ready to ship. I can smell it. Yeah, I've been smelling it for a minute now. It's on its way out. Oh, yeah. There it comes. It's about time, brother. She's pouring out of there now. You know, this is an art form. Let me see you light her. I'm dying to see something burn. If I'm a painter, if I'm a singer, I do whatever I do to learn my craft and make it better. Ooh! [ laughs ] That's still burning right there. You can't even see it. One of these days, we gonna catch on fire. Narrator: But with 500 miles between their still And tickle's customers, Their big payday is starting to look Further and further down the road. In a sleepy town in south carolina... [ man laughs ] Narrator: ...It's the day of reckoning For two longtime shiners. You sure you don't want a hot dog? Eat maybe two of them burgers. That'd be plenty for me. [ siren chirps ] It's stopping behind your truck. Josh: Yes, sir? How's it going, officer? Hey, how are you doing? Officer clark. Campobello police department. I was noticing this tag As I was driving through the parking lot here. We had a bolo out for a vehicle matching this description For trespassing on some property. We ain't been doing no trespassing. And a busted taillight. Everything matches the same description. You don't know anything about it? No, sir. What you doing with this metal back here? I had -- I had a roofing job. I had to do a roofing job earlier this week. With copper? Yeah, yeah. It was a copper roof. That metal sure doesn't look... A little bit like something you'd do for a roof. It looks like some of the makings Of what would go for a moonshine still. You got us crossed up with somebody else. You all got any I.D.S on you? Yes, sir. You mind if stay on this for a second? What you do for a living? I'm a carpenter. A carpenter? Yes, sir. I do tree work, grading, landscaping. Hang tight. Stand over there for me. This is what I done. I just wrote you a public contact. What's a public contact? It's about your taillight there And your tag being crooked. All right. Y'all have a good afternoon. If y'all messing with the moonshine, I'd advise you different. All right? I'll see you all later. Have a good afternoon, sir. [bleep] While the hell y'all over there eating, We're over here getting harassed by the law. Bill: If they knew where our spot was, we'd be busted already. But then the other side of my brain says, "maybe they already know where our spot is "and they're just waiting for us to have some liquor Coming out of the worm before they rush in." And if we get popped with a hot still With liquor coming out of the worm, I mean, that's game over. Josh: We really got to watch out what we're doing. Narrator: Coming up... Tickle: Just a maze of cars. Narrator: ...Tickle can't hold on to his liquor... There can probably be a thousand blue volkswagens down here, As far as I know. I know I got shine in one. Narrator: ...Back in the saddle in tennessee... I hope that little goody in there works. ...And a sugar run ends on a sour note. [ siren wails ] How we doing there, guys? Narrator: In modern appalachia, As industrial distilleries conquer the market, 300 years of traditional moonshining Is faced with extinction. But in east tennessee, Two shiners are showing the world That traditional backwoods-brewed moonshine Is still king. After rescuing and restoring a 50-year-old copper still, Mark and digger are ready to put it through its paces. My old pappy used to say that 'round here, It's just you and the lord, And half the time, he ain't there in these big curves. [ chuckles ] Mark: Me and digger today, We're gonna try to get a run and run off on our little piss pot. Narrator: It's been 10 years Since these former partners of popcorn sutton Made whiskey in the backwoods. Lighting the burner today marks the return Of heritage whiskey to the tennessee foothills. I don't know why you always give me the heavy stuff. It gives you new respect for them old-timers. Boy, don't it, though? Hell, they didn't get to ride in a truck. They had to ride a mule. In an effort to increase their output, Mark has put a new twist on their old-fashioned still -- The deflamator. I hope that little goody in there works. It looks pretty in there. I don't know if it'll work or not. Yeah, it looks good on paper. I'm feeling pretty nostalgic about this situation. It brings back good memories of popcorn And all the boys that hung around. We always had a good time. We'd build a fire. We'd sit around and have a cold adult beverage And carry on the tales, listen to a little bluegrass, And just have a good time doing it all. Let's get over here and get this pump water, mark. Mark: Digger -- he came through on our site location. I'll run back down to crank up our power plant. I'd never been to this site, And I think he's made an outstanding choice. Ah, there's water. We'll hook this into the deflamator. Narrator: If it works, Mark's deflamator could dramatically increase The proof and quantity of their liquor. All right. There we go. Look at that. Yeah, how about that [bleep] buckwheat? After popcorn's death, His two former comrades swore to put their days of booze making And bootlegging behind them. But once the fire is lit, they're outlaws again, And there's no turning back. Digger: There's always a certain element of nervousness That comes into this. You're always leery, you know, when you hear something Crunching through the woods or if you hear a car pulling up. Narrator: Shiners use burned cooking charcoal Wrapped in cloth as a homespun filter To remove fusel oils -- A hazardous by-product of alcohol distillation. Digger... Yonder it comes. Come on, baby. That's just perfect. It's running good, digger. It's cooking where we want it. The old-timers always said, "if it comes out fast, your liquor's fiery as hell." Let's see what we got there. Look at them frog eyes. Oh, that's high, high proof. Now... Whew! Narrator: After a decade on the straight and narrow, These two pros are back to their old tricks. Here's to you, old man. Damn, popcorn, what have you got us into? Soon, heritage whiskey will be flowing again Throughout east tennessee. But in southern virginia, it's already come to market. Everybody's done heard tim's recipe is back in town, And everybody is wanting it. Narrator: After selling half of his first shipment of shine, Tickle has returned to collect the remaining 30 gallons He's hidden in his buddy levi's junkyard. You'd think levi would pave this place. Put this stuff in a whole lot of different places. This place is just a -- it's a maze. You get down in here, and everything looks alike. I put it in so many different places, too. It's hard to tell where it's all at. Let's see. Hmm. [ door hinges creak ] Well, I hope it won't in there. I'm pretty damn sure I put shine in a blue volkswagen. Blue bug. There could probably be a thousand blue volkswagens Down here, as far as I know. I know I got shine in one. It's just a maze of cars. I don't know how the hell levi finds his way around here. All right. Well, here's some of it. All right. It's only nine gallons right here. Narrator: If tickle can't locate His missing 21 gallons of shine, He could find himself in hot water With his kentucky partners chico and tyler. I found enough shine to fill this order that I got right now. Chico and tyler -- I don't think neither one of them Would be happy that shine may be lost. So I'm gonna do my best to find it And just keep this to myself. Narrator: Back in south carolina, Two shiners have regrouped After their biggest scare of the season. So, you got the game cameras? Yeah. Put them up, see if anybody's snooping around. Narrator: With someone tipping off the local law, Their still site might be exposed, So josh and bill are playing defense, Rigging the woods with game cameras Before they start brewing. Josh: Today, the cops got us on record. They accused us of making moonshine. They accused us of trespassing. I'd say they pretty much got our number. It's not mickey mouse [bleep] anymore. This is -- this is the real deal. You get caught, you go to jail. We cannot afford to have anybody anywhere near us. Narrator: Once fired up, The submarine still can produce Over 100 gallons of shine per run. But getting caught with that much liquor Comes with harsher penalties. Getting caught with a couple gallons of shine -- That's one thing. But getting caught with a couple hundred gallons of shine -- We're gonna get locked up. Josh: Since we got all that now, Let's talk about, how are we gonna hide this much liquor? What are we gonna do with all that shine, right? So, I've been toying with this idea -- We're gonna put that tank in the ground. You want to tote it somewhere, bury it? Yeah, like a stash house. Narrator: To keep their shine concealed, Josh plans to bury two 300-gallon plastic containers In an 8-foot-by-4-foot pit. The pit will be covered with plywood, dirt, and grass And accessed via a hidden compartment Where they can unload their shine. When the containers are filled, The guys can turn on a battery-powered pump And push the liquor through a pipe Connected to a nearby spigot. Retrieving hundreds of gallons of stored shine Should be as easy as turning on a hose. The only time you got to uncover the tank is -- When we're refilling. When we run out. 300 gallons at a time. So that'd be two runs right there we could stockpile. Right on. Yep, we'll get us a list. We'll get us a plan. Come back, we'll get this thing. Get it where we need to be. Bill: Once this submarine pot starts cranking out, I mean, we're gonna be sitting on 130, 140 gallons a pop. We can get it put in the ground And just access it as we need it. Just we'd have a place to store it. It could be like a 401(k) plan. Narrator: Coming up... ...Jim tom and roy stir up trouble. ...And communications break down. What, are you having some problems on your end down there? It really didn't sit right with me. Something just ain't right. Narrator: Even as a younger generation of moonshiners Takes over the illegal trade, Some still fear the old ways are dying out. In the forests outside robbinsville, north carolina, Two shiners are keeping the original craft alive... ...And hoping to make a killing in the process. Yeah. Jim tom and roy have returned to their still site And to an overflowing tank of clean mountain water. I'm gonna say she'll be 180 proof. Now the still is ready. The water is flowing. It's time to mash in. Boiling water sterilizes the mixture And creates the stable medium needed to ferment the mash. Yeah. It's going to town. I'm gonna put my crack corn in there. I'll mix it up. Man: It's just as easy or easier To make good whiskey as it is bad whiskey. Narrator: Traditionalists often use malt corn In place of packaged yeast, Claiming it yields a better flavor with no hangovers. Nyah! Well... Now... Narrator: Across appalachia, Shiners are starting to cash in. But in kentucky, one shiner has yet to get paid. Well, I'm headed up here to the post office. I got an unlisted p.O. Box up here. I got a certified letter Saying that I've got something in this one. Hopefully it's the money from tickle. You know, it could be anything, But I'm gonna drive down here and check it out. We'll see what's going on. Right on. That's all I needed to make my day go so much better. I got bills to get paid. My kid's starting school, need clothes. [bleep] Me and tyler split that up. Next step, send more up there. [ tool whirs ] How you doing, bubba? I'm gonna need the last bit of these tickle boxes lined up. Well, here. Tickle that. What do you got there? A little change? If you want to call it a little. Ain't nothing wrong with that. That'll pay a bill, won't it? I'm all about making more of that. Narrator: Chico and tyler have made almost four grand so far. I bet you'd like to have some of that, too. That'll buy a lot of dog treats, wouldn't it? If they can keep up their 60-gallon-per-week shipments, They could net over 40 grand for the season, tax free. So, we got somebody lined up, come get these? Yeah. Got another truck coming. It's about 60 gallon. They're gonna send another round, But let's just keep whooping it out. Moving forward, we're just gonna have to fire these stills up And make as much as we can and double up, you know? We're gonna keep sending that stuff to virginia, And that's the goal here. We want to have money coming in left and right. We got mash ready, don't we? We can go ahead and run that stuff off. We can run it tonight. We'll make as much as we can. We just need to run and run. The more, the better. Ain't no such thing as halfway crooks. [ laughs ] [ ringing ] What's up, bubba? We got a little present in the mailbox today. Yeah, we got it. We got a little -- Got a little bit to spend. Yeah. But now we got 60 gallons, I reckon, coming your way. You ready for it, ain't you? 60. What, are you having some problems on your end down there? Yeah. Well, you just keep doing what you're doing. We're gonna keep sending it to you. When it ends, it ends. We'll holler back at you in a little while. All right. See you. Bye. Tyler: I don't know. He sounded kind of hesitant, And he really didn't sit right with me. He didn't sound very confident That he had moved much of this moonshine, And I don't know what to think about it. Something just ain't right. Narrator: Coming up... I believe we can get it, man. ...Handing off white mule to a shine mule. He wants to know what was in them boxes. Narrator: And in north carolina, It's time to call in the reserves. Narrator: There's an arms race on in southern appalachia, As moonshiners piece together Bigger, badder stills to bury the competition. And in a barn outside robbinsvile, north carolina, Shiners jeff and lance are setting up Their 750-gallon mega still for a second run. Fill that barrel up and we'll go to cooking. The word is out that their shine is flowing, And they've already gotten their first major order of the season. If they can deliver 100 gallons within the next week, They'll be looking at a $10,000 pay day. Jeff: I've got a connection in tennessee this year To buy about 90% of our alcohol. Basically, he'll take what we can make. Looking good, starting to get hot. It won't be long Till we'll have some juice a-flowin'. Lance. Look at that alcohol. You watch this and swap your buckets. What that'n gets full, I'm checking for leaks. Okay. Narrator: To keep their massive beast of a still cooking, The guys have to constantly make more mash. And their supplies are already dwindling. That's the last one. As evening falls, Nearly 60 gallons of shine have come out of the still. We're looking pretty good so far, lance. But they're only about halfway through the run. We've been here a while. I want to see what this stuff's actually a-doin'. To help relieve the exhausted team, Jeff has called in a few trusted still workers For the graveyard shift. Jeff: You know, they're trustworthy. I've knowed them for years and years. They're good ol' boys. How big is that arm up there? That's eight inches. Keep an eye on my baby, there. That's my season. We'll do it. Narrator: Jeff and lance head out, Hoping they'll find an intact still And 100 gallons of whiskey in the morning. But over in virginia, Tickle would be happy If he could just find his missing 21 gallons. Trying to head down to levi's today Because I got shine down there in the junkyard, And I don't know where the hell it's at. Narrator: Tickle has to sell the remaining shine And mail the proceeds back to kentucky Before chico and tyler get wise to his screw-up. But the first step is finding it. I don't think they'll even notice If I do lose a little bit, But I got to be able to know where all this shine's at. There's the gate. Bus. There's a great big ol' "x" right there. All right. Narrator: Tickle has no choice But to survey the entire junkyard, Checking each car until he finds all the shine. [ sighs ] [bleep] Reckon I need to go up that way. [ sighs ] [bleep] I know I had something down here. There's more shine in this area. Oh, yeah. 10 gallons up in that son of a bitch. So then I go from the caprice. I'm not a great drawer, But at least I understand my own chicken scratch enough To know where I'm supposed to be able to go. There's one down here in the valiant. I can remember that. That's no problem. That's an iconic car. And that's the one good thing About my map drawing abilities. Nobody else would ever be able to look at my map And find my shine. Hell, yeah. Curves on around this direction. It's like I encoded it with my own lack of ability. Narrator: Tickle's recovered his shine just in time, Because his partners are busy sending more his way. Chico: We're handing a whole lot of money -- A whole lot of money -- to somebody we don't know. Chico and tyler are about to smuggle another 60 gallons Across state lines Using a new driver who they hope won't ask too many questions. You here to pick up some boxes, ain't you? Uh, yeah. What's going on, bubba? We just figured we'd save you some trouble Of coming all the way out to the house. [ grunts ] I believe we can get it, man. [ grunts ] Chico: He was nosy enough. I'll give him that. He wanted to know what was in them boxes. He don't need to know what's going on. [ grunts ] I got it, bubba. Oh, yeah. Come on. All right, man. Have a safe trip. All right. Thank you. Narrator: The shine should move quickly once it's in virginia, But tickle's slow payments back to kentucky Could spell the end of this partnership. Chico: It worked once. We'll run it again, see what happens, you know? At the end of the day, anything can friggin' happen, man. I don't even like handing it to tickle and waiting on my money. Narrator: Coming up... A little bit of that loose stuff on that side and we're golden. ...Josh and bill dig deep. Money in the ground, baby. And a shopping run ends with the blue-light special. [ siren wails ] When you're in moonshine, If you're doing it only for the money, You're in it for the wrong reasons. Normally, I would never deliver a gallon of liquor to somebody, But this older gentleman, He was a good customer of tim's daddy's, And now he's gonna be a customer of mine. How's it going [bleep] I believe I got what you was looking for here. Uh, I hope so. See if that reminds you of anybody's liquor. Take you a drink. See what you think. That's it. That's it, ain't it? Yep, that's tim's recipe. You used to buy it from his daddy, didn't you? Yeah, I sure did. Thank you. You need any more, you know who to call. Okay. Don't drink all of that at one time, now. Oh, I won't. It does me good to bring a little bit of joy To an old timer like that. Maybe put a little pep back into his step, 'cause he can feel just a little bit more like a young man again. Narrator: In south carolina, Josh and bill are getting themselves Out of the hole by digging one. Five, six. They're building a subterranean stash house In the middle of a deserted scrub land. By us digging a hole and putting this thing In the ground and covering it up, That means nobody can see it from the air, Nobody can see it from the ground. It's the perfect hiding place. Narrator: And they've enlisted a trusted friend To dig out the 8-foot-deep pit they'll need. You see bill over there? Bill: Josh knows a man that can come out here And help us out and dig this hole. It's gonna be a little bit of risk Bringing somebody else in to help us out on this, But we got no other options. Ain't no way we're gonna be able to dig that hole by hand. A little bit of that loose stuff on this side, And we're golden. Josh: So, we're gonna have 600 gallons of moonshine in the ground. It's pretty damn genius. I'll get the rest with the shovel. And it's right there, convenient to get to, But completely hid. They can come and raid me, tear me apart. Unless they catch me, They have no idea where my moonshine's at. That's a lot of damn dirt. Yep. Josh: We got our hole dug. We're taking two 300-gallon tanks. We've inserted them into the ground. We're gonna pop them together. I'm gonna put a 15-per-gallon minute pump On the top of one of the tanks. It'll suck the moonshine out of both tanks. Hell, yeah. We're gonna run a pipe behind some bushes and some trees And stuff where we could flip a switch on the pipe. It's got a spigot on it. Turn that spigot on, flip the switch, Have a five-gallon bucket under it, Fill up five-gallon buckets all day long Till 600 gallons run out. Money in the ground, baby. This is gonna be awesome right here. Hit it, bill. It ain't doing nothing. Bill: I got all my wiring together. I felt, like, pretty good. Went to flip the switch and, like, nothing. Nothing. The pump's stuck. Well, our pump's been setting Since our tank got shot last year, And it hadn't been used. So it locked up on us. Box hanging up? Yeah, I can feel it clicking and popping. Got to take the thing off, take it back to the shop, Take it apart, Get it back to working Before we get back to moving forward again. We'll drag the pump back to the house, See if we can get the thing unstuck. We'll hit her first thing in the morning, When it's a couple degrees cooler, 'cause I'm about beat, man. Narrator: With the law on alert, Josh and bill won't feel safe making a drop of shine Until their underground storage is finished. Let's go to the house, then. Yep, yep. [ sighs ] And with the broken pump putting the project in limbo, Their big comeback is falling apart at the seams. [ sighs ] If it ain't one thing, it's 10 more. But while josh and bill are stuck in neutral... In the north carolina smokies, Mark, jeff, and lance Are keeping their still running strong. This makes me nervous, To have to go to a big store like this to get our supplies. They've got extra hands to run the still, But the monster size pod Has eaten through their stock of sugar, A vital ingredient in mash. I like to do it at the little mom-and-pops Or just a wired house where there's not a lot of people, You know, that ask questions. If the law sees us, They'll probably know what we're doing. So, we got to get it to the truck And get it loaded as fast as we can. Let's go get us a load of sugar. By buying large quantities of sugar in moonshine territory, Jeff risks drawing attention from the local authorities. Jeff: Yep. [ engine turns over ] Jeff: I believe we made it. That's a lot of sugar, ain't it? Yeah, that sounds good to me. [bleep] ¶ oh, me, oh, my, oh ¶ Jeff: Them sons of bitches is everywhere! [ siren wails ] Uh-oh. [bleep] How you doing, big guy? Narrator: Next time on "moonshiners"... They broke into the place and tried to burn it up! ...Tim's dark past comes to light. Is this for real? Yeah! How come you never told me this? [bleep] Narrator: It's high noon in tennessee. That's the sheriff. Y'all get out of here! Get out of here like your ass is on fire. Man: [ distorted voice ] sure looks good. Oh, yeah. That'll work. Narrator: And a crossroads double-cross. Man: Oh, man. No [bleep] way, man. Get in, man! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 