Moonshiners: Season 4, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Moonshiners 
 s4e11 - Shine Overboard - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Moonshiners (2011–…): Season 4, Episode 11 - Shine Overboard - full transcript 
 The final weeks of shine season are here. Josh & Bill's liquor gets stuck six feet under. Chico & Tyler brew a sweet & sticky moonshine game-changer. Tickle gets trumped by his old buddy. ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I think bill's been sippin' since 11:00 yesterday morning, And, uh, he's started to get a little crazy on me here The last couple hours here. He's about to make me go insane. When he drinks this much, He tends to go a little crazy, and -- Right on, man. [ chuckles ] Narrator: Tonight on "moonshiners"... Tim reclaims his territory... I can sell it anywhere in the state of virginia. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You don't have to do that no more. ...While tickle gets cut out... What am I supposed to do, Just send all this shine back to kentucky? To hell with this corn liquor [bleep] ...Two shiners sweeten the pot... Make twice as much money and do half the work. ...Josh shuts it down... Oh, crap! I-if I just get, like, a branch or a rock -- You gonna damn mess our [bleep] up? Damn you, bill. ...And mark's season is sunk. I got a lot of bad news. What's wrong? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We're in trouble. I can't -- I can't see nothing. Got one. Man: This is how we make the moonshine! Captions paid for by discovery communications Narrator: The final weeks of moonshine season are closing in. With the leaves turning and the liquor flowing, It's now a race against time. Outlaws are digging deep, Aiming to move their high-proof product to market And steer clear of the law. [ siren wails ] Darkness hangs over the backwoods of south carolina As josh and bill near the bitter end of their moonshine marathon. Dude, you been [bleep] sleeping, man. Oh [bleep] and I've been working. You're getting on my damn nerves. Well, I don't care! They thought they had the perfect still site... [ dogs barking ] ...Until some unwanted visitors left them exposed. [ growls ] So josh and bill have risked everything On an all-night run... There she comes. ...Hoping to rack up 300 gallons before abandoning their spot. We need to get this thing out of here, 'cause if we don't, we're gonna end up in jail. Long [bleep] night. [ sighs ] Bill's been drinking since yesterday morning at 11:00. And the sun just came up, and he's still drinking. There went my beer. I wished he had hit the dirt, 'cause he's done getting on my damn nerves. We got that tote down there. It's gonna hold 300 gallons, And I'm not gonna leave here until it's full. [ snoring ] He wouldn't let me get no rest for nothing. And even when he laid down, Hell, he still wouldn't let me get no rest. [ snoring continues ] Tossing and turning and frickin' snoring. [ snoring continues ] [ snoring stops ] Didn't -- [ coughs ] [bleep] man. [ chuckles ] Oh, god damn! I do not believe you just hit me in the head with a beer can. Can't believe you just poked me in the ribs with a damn stick! You look crazy. He's on the warpath right now. I mean, he is going plumb [bleep] nuts. Miss pie! Miss pie! [ belches ] That's a lot of damn moonshine right there. Hey, bud. We should quit running? The tank's full. Kill the heat. Josh: We're finally done with the run, And my main concern right now Is getting that liquor in the stash house And getting into bed. Josh! [ leaves rustling ] Damn it. Hey, bill. What's wrong? He's all to pieces. He's going crazy on me. [ engine turns over ] Narrator: Josh and bill aren't out of the woods yet. They need to get from still site to stash spot, And the law is on the lookout. Josh: The last thing I want to do is get caught out here. Narrator: 200 miles to the north, Another shiner's up at daybreak, Desperate to shake his streak of bad luck. Tickle: Doing the best I can with what I got. You know, it's done getting to where, actually, Some of this is having to come out of my own pocket, And that's not good. After a slow start selling chico and tyler's liquor In virginia... So, how long you reckon it might be Before you get rid of all that? ...Things quickly went from bad to worse for tickle... Tickle: He stole the damn shine, man. ...Forcing him to cough up two grand of his own green To pay his associates their share. Pretty much broke now. But with $6,000 of kentucky shine to unload Before he gets right with his partners, He's having to gamble on bigger and riskier sales. I come out here today. Got a guy that I -- he likes to get a pretty good amount. I-I got 16 gallons he's gonna come pick up from me today. All right. That's $1,600 right there in my pocket, But, you know, it's not just for me. I got tyler and chico. They're sending up shine. I need just a couple of more sales like this, And I think I can put myself right where I want to be. But while tickle is striving to save his partnership... Get this fired up here. ...Chico and tyler have already moved on to plan "b." What up, brother? You find any honey? Yeah, boy. 50 pounds. 50 pounds. What you wanted, right? Yeah. With less than a month left in moonshine season... ...The two have started selling in kentucky And cutting their partner out of the process. Tyler: We've moved this stuff to virginia. That was a problem. But at the end of the day, we got to go bigger or go home. Oh, yes. This is fine stuff right there. Narrator: Now they're banking on a new formula That could finally put them on the map and in the money. Liable to get some bees out here today. [ chuckles ] I don't need no bees. Well, 50 pound of honey ain't cheap. I know that. Tyler: You know, everybody knows about How moonshine's made out of corn or grains and everything, But how many times have you ever heard about Somebody making honey moonshine? Yeah. Narrator: Tyler's bet that he can make premium liquor For a pretty penny is rooted in a long tradition Of using honey in spirits. For centuries, This savory sweetener has been the key ingredient In producing mead, An age-old beverage made from fermented honey and water. Dating back almost 9,000 years, The drink was enjoyed by both The ancient greeks during the golden age And the danish warriors in "beowulf." That's gonna be some good money. The ingredients may prove pricier, But so's the payout -- twice that of typical shine. Tyler: There's people that go out, dig in the dirt. They dig for gold. We can guarantee gold. The steam sure smells good. Chico: Mm-hmm. It smells wonderful. We can't be selling this To fat dudes coming out of rundown houses. To hell with this corn liquor [bleep] If these people want to pay me $200 a gallon, We might as well make twice as much money And do half the work. With this, I think we went all-in. Well, here's to making some damn money. Right on. Let's do it. Narrator: While chico and tyler try to break new ground, In graham county, north carolina, Two veterans are bringing it all back home. Mark and jeff have lined up a blockbuster deal With a big tennessee buyer. Mark: Yeah. But the local roads are crawling with cops. How you doing, big guy? So they've decided to hit the water... We're floating! Jeff: Surprised me. ...Bootlegging their 50 gallons by boat. With the law on the lookout, The delivery must be done at night, So the two shiners are scoping out a stash house That's a stone's throw from the lake -- mark's ancestral home. Yeah. That's an old house. It's over 100 year old when I moved here. Yeah, I'd say it ain't no stranger to liquor, either. No. This right here -- this is a real special place to me. My grandpa's old house. Grandpa, oh, he, uh, made a lot of liquor here, And I know I did. Drunk a lot here, too. This was the living room. Froze to death in here. You just about had to stand in that fireplace to feel any heat. Jeff: Yep. Mark: Got to thinking this would be a good place Close to the lake, this old house. Ain't nobody be around it much. [ clatters ] Can't think any place would be any better to stash our liquor. Can put a lot of liquor in there and close the door, Couldn't you? Mm-hmm. Either that or see if we can put it under the floor. Ain't gonna be no law over in here. No way. I believe this will work. Mark and his family made a lot of liquor out here Close to where we're standing. Kindly keep the family tradition going. You know, as long as we don't get caught. Narrator: Coming up, tickle feels the pinch... I can sell it anywhere in the state of virginia. But, you know, you don't have to do that no more. I don't make no money? No, I can't do that. ...Josh and bill go down under.... Every bit of work out of this entire year Is sitting up under that truck right now. ...And mark's shine sleeps with the fishes. Hey, huck? Yeah? I got a lot of bad news. What's wrong? Narrator: Deep in the backwoods of south carolina, Josh and bill are staying off the beaten path. Josh: The last thing I want to do is get caught out here. Narrator: After an all-night run, The two are transporting 300 gallons of white whiskey. It looks like water, but we're still running around With a few hundred gallons of liquor in the back of a truck In broad daylight. I mean, it's -- we're not gonna be able to let our guard down. Come on. Driving down the road in this little-bitty red pickup truck With almost two tons of moonshine in the back? That's crazy. But we got the moonshine here, And, uh, we got 300 gallons of liquor To put in our stash house. To hold their massive haul, Josh and bill are pumping the 30 grand of liquor Into their subterranean stash spot. Money in the ground, baby. Two 300-gallon tanks Safely hidden under layers of plywood and steel And topped off with a hollowed-out pickup. You put the pump on, all right? [ chuckles ] I knew that something wasn't right there. What are you doing, cutie pie? [ pump whirring ] We're good to go, man. I'm gonna get down in there. You can pass her to me. Hold on a second. Let me get down here on the cap. All right, buddy. I'm gonna turn it on. Right on. [ pump whirring ] You getting it? Yep, yep. Sweet. Josh: My grandma always told me, "don't ever count all your chickens before they hatch, And don't ever put all your eggs in one basket." Somebody finds our stash, well, there goes christmas. There's no better way to say it. We got our entire lives sitting up under this truck. We need to camouflage this thing before we do anything else. I'm thinking, like, take the bobcat And scoop up a few pine trees by the root ball And place them in here all around it and stuff. We'll make it where it's hard to get to, and... Yeah, we got to get this thing covered up. I mean, it -- it looks like a lot more than just a truck Sitting out in the middle of the woods. Every bit of work that we put in out of this entire year Is sitting up under that truck right now. It's sitting on steel "I" beams. We got plywood up under it. I mean, it looks like somebody's up to something. Narrator: With hunters active near their site And the local law wise to their operation... Josh: That's it, bill. That's all of her? Yeah. ...Keeping their stash safe could be the difference between 30 grand in the bank and 3 years in the slammer. Get that thing camouflaged, make our final runs, Tear our site down, and be done for the damn year. Josh and bill aren't the only ones Trying to keep a tight lid on their liquor. Across the state line, Mark and jeff have pumped out 200 gallons of the good stuff In record time. Now they've secretly moved a quarter of their batch To mark's lakeside stash house... ...To prep for their first bootleg by boat. [ sighs ] Jeff: I've got a connection in tennessee this year To buy about 90% of our alcohol. And, uh, we're gonna deliver it just across the tennessee line. You know, it's kindly hard to hold them five-gallon buckets On a boat, so, you know, It's easier for us to put it in the gallon jugs anyways. Get me another bucket over here. That one's just about empty. The law, they're getting closer and closer to us, you know, And don't want to get caught, But if we get by with it all season, It'll be the best season we've ever had of moonshining. That's a lot of liquor. Yeah, boy. I bet you they ain't a handful of people That ever seen this much liquor. Well, that's what we was waiting for, ain't it, mark? That's it. You just have to take them. Where do you want to set them at, though? Set them there in the corner. And then come back for them. And now, the next step of this is deliver it to tennessee. Hopefully, no bad luck with this. Narrator: While mark and jeff are eager to take to the water, In virginia, tickle's struggling to stay afloat. I got this high-demand shine. Everybody's wanting tim's recipe. It-it's about time to see some money start being made Out of this. After a big 16-gallon sale, He's hustling to unload the rest of his kentucky shine. But first, he has to answer an urgent call from an old friend. Got a call from tim a little while ago. He wants me to come see him. You know, he's back around town, and you know, It'd be good to get up with tim. He sounded pretty doggone excited. I mean, things must be going good for him. Ain't been up here in a de rn while. All right. See what he's got. [ bell jingles ] Tickle! Tickle: Tim! Look at this right here, buddy. What do you got? What is that? Look at that. Look at that. Virginia abc? Abc. Abc. Yeah, yeah. No, you may be surprised. Huh? Look at that. Oh, there you go. This right here... Yeah. ...Says I can sell it anywhere in the state of virginia. Mm-hmm. Yeah, you know what I mean? You know, I'm glad it's in the store, you know? I know you definitely wanted it here. It's a lot of years trying to get this right here. Narrator: It's a monumental moment for tim smith. Just last season, virginia rejected the home-grown shiner. But this year's different. I get this phone call from the state of virginia. They're saying, "hey, we reviewed everything, And now you can sell in the state of virginia." I was so excited when they called me. I was like, "man! Wow!" We get to take one bottle to these abc people, at least? Tell them, "hey, suck it. It's legal. [ laughs ] Huh? All them years we was in the woods... Yeah. ...It built up to this. Think about how many of the abc agents Are probably gonna go buy it now? Oh, you can guarantee it. They're gonna go buy it, 'cause they want some. They finally get to taste what they was trying to find. [ chuckling ] yeah. They been looking for it for years. How about that? Yeah. Course, I mean, you know, we've been selling Climax moonshine here a long time. [ laughing ] yeah, I know, but not legally. That means everybody can go to a local store, Just like anybody else, And buy my moonshine. Well, you know, we've been having the territory. You know, we've been having that covered, you know? I know, I know. We've been keeping the climax around here. I know you been taking care of business, But, you know, you don't have to do that no more. No more taking care of the clients. I got it now. You don't have to do that no more. It's so many years I've been trying To get the state of virginia to accept my moonshine. I don't think they're playing at jokes, and I trust tickle. But whatever's in kentucky stays in kentucky. Hey, if tickle stays in kentucky, It'll probably be a good thing. So, you all-in? You -- you good? Why not, man? What am I supposed to do, Just send all this shine back to kentucky, I'll cut myself out, I don't make no money? I mean, I got two options here. I can either not sell it Or I can sell it here and just not let tim know. I was kind of excited. Oh, yeah. Understandably so. It's gonna be a new adventure. Yeah. It really puts me between a rock and a hard place. Narrator: Coming up, josh's plan doesn't pass the smell test... People ain't gonna buy liquor out of a damn [bleep] truck. ...And bootlegging in the black. Narrator: In a remote patch of woods near spartan burg, Josh and bill are busy covering their tracks. Josh: Thinking we ought to just put dirt all around it The best we can and then maybe go scoop up A few of these pine trees out here somewhere And place a couple around it. With thousands of dollars sitting just six feet under In their trick shine cellar... Sounds like a plan. ...Getting caught with their massive stockpile Could spell serious jail time. We got all this moonshine to get rid of. I don't really want to make any sales, Because the law is hot and heavy right now. Well, first things are first. We got to get this stash house covered up. We got to get it camouflaged so nobody can find it, And, well, I don't want to go to jail. Bill: We got it underground, and for now, it's safe, You know, but we're still gonna have to move it. Now, I mean, since the law's been on us, Uh, we just got to be more careful from here on out. Oh, damn. My knee's sore. We only brought one shovel? Nah, you can grab that other one. Look at that snake. I know you're the reptile whisper er and all that... [ laughs ] ...But we got some work to do. [ both laugh ] I got a pile started back here. I'm trying to get as much of our platform Covered up as possible. You know something, bill? What's that? We're gonna have all our eggs in one basket here. That's a lot of damn cash. Yeah. 600 gallons. That's more liquor than we've ever tried to sell at one time. How are we gonna haul large amounts of liquor anywhere Without the cops catching it? 'cause all you got to do is get pulled over one time -- A routine traffic stop. Right. And then you're busted. So, we need a front. [ sighs ] We could act like we're running a damn portal john service And be delivering moonshine. And it could have a tank inside of the tank That's where the moonshine goes, and it's never around dodo-doo. People ain't gonna buy liquor out of a damn [bleep] truck. Why wouldn't they? That'd be some good [bleep] [ sighs ] I've got another idea. What if we take my race car truck And we slap a wrap on the side of it, you know, That says "such and such water company," And we put all our moonshine in those, uh -- In those water jugs like when you go into A doctor's office. Put all the moonshine in that, Then we can haul it all over the damn countryside. We get caught in transporting or selling, I mean, that -- that's game over. They're not gonna pop the top on a jug of water. It's gonna be clear. That'll work. I'm on board. I knew exactly how I was gonna sell him on this. "hey, bill. Let's put a fuel cell in a [bleep] truck And be selling moonshine the whole time." He's all about the water business now. [ sighs ] I love it. I love it. Beautiful. Uh-huh. Got it. I told you we could do it. I told you this was a good idea. That'll work. I love it when a good plan comes together. Narrator: As the sun sets over the smoky mountains, Mark's ready to get on the water For his first sale of the season. He's bootlegging 50 gallons by boat to a big tennessee buyer. But it's a two-man job, And jeff and lance are busy running their 750-gallon still. Looks like we made it, huck. So mark's brought in some backup -- his cousin huck. Mark: Me and huck have been friends all of our lives, And ain't nobody else I'd trust any more than him. If you can hand it to me and just set it down in here, I'll run it to the truck. Yeah. Huck: Seven. Ah! Ga! Let's cover it up and get out of here. Yeah, this is the riskiest part of the whole deal right here Is moving the stuff, But if I'm gonna get caught, I'll get caught the first time. Narrator: To keep out of the law's cross hairs, Mark and his partner wait for nightfall Before setting out on their boat's maiden voyage. Let's line it up, huck. Then we'll start loading. All I know. Just be careful, huck. It's slick. But there's still a chance The cops could be watching the water, So mark's hidden a floating storage container Beneath the floorboards to keep the shine out of sight. Mm-hmm. All right. Mark: All right, huck. All I can say is hand them to me. Let's go. Huck: That'll work. I hope there's a lot of money waiting on me. I need to take a right out here. We'll hit the main channel. Turn up the river. We're going towards tennessee. Yeah, it's harder to do at night, But it's a whole lot safer. There's a lot of money under this boat right now. To reach their cross-state buyer, Mark has to navigate 16 miles of pitch-black waters. Huck: Need to go to the right, mark. Right? Yeah. Well, hold your light straight And I can tell where I'm going. That's what I'm doing. You're going straight into That hill over there if you don't go to the right. Can't see nothing. Uh, go -- go to the left, mark. Or do you want to go towards the bridge? Uh, I don't know which way the bridge is. I believe it's right up through there. Hang a right, then. Right? Yeah. Should see lights. There it is. Yeah. I believe the bridge is right around the bend. Just right in there. Just hold the light straight. Next cove, we'll be there. Uh, there we go. Let's untie -- let's untie the back, huck, And we'll just then float our boat back. And we'll unload right here. Huck: All right. It's loose. All right. Hey, huck? Yeah. I got a lot of bad news. What's wrong? Every jug we got's gone. Narrator: Coming up, liquor lost at sea... I see some jugs floating here, mark. I can't -- I can't see nothing. ...And classing up the clientele. We looking at people that's got fat bank rolls And no common sense. Suit-and-tie tty bar-type. Narrator: On a secluded lake in tennessee, Under the cover of darkness... Need to go to the right, mark. ...Mark and his cousin huck... ...Are bootlegging 50 gallons of shine by boat To a cross-state client. You see all right? Yeah, I can see good. With this sale, the north carolina moonshiners Could score five grand in a single night. Let's untie the back, then float our boat back. We'll unload right here. But there's just one problem. Hey, huck? I got a lot of bad news. Every jug we got's gone. [bleep] I don't understand. What are we gonna do? Don't know. [bleep] That's $5,000 or more right there. Yeah, I know it. Well, we ain't got nothing here for the ella to pick it up. We're in trouble. All on me, buddy. Should've strapped it down. That's a hard lesson. We lost a lot of money right there. I just figured, you know, it'd just float right along, But water pressure pushed it out is what happened. There's more pressure coming back through there Than you'd think. It's just -- I don't know. It's just pressed its way out the back, one jug at a time. Could have put a rope through it or something. Yeah, we have to tie it down. Took us all summer to set this deal up, And then something like this happens -- pretty bad. We need to get this liquor found. Let's load our boat and get out of here. To salvage any chance for the sale, Mark and huck need to recover the shine Before it's lost for good. I can't see nothing. I don't know where we're going, where the bank's at. I don't know where nothing's at. You're doing good. Oh, go -- Can't see nothing. Go to the left, mark. Left? Yeah. See anything? No, not yet. Hey, mark? Yeah? Turn around and go back down. I think I seen something. I can't hear you. I seen some jugs floating here, mark. Slow down a little bit. Right here's three if we can get them. I can't -- I can't see nothing. Can you see them over there if I hold the light over there? I see them. I'll take us up, left side of them. You just pick them up on the right side. Just guide me in. Tell me which way to cut. Turn to the right. Maybe a little bit to your left. Okay. Got one. Go to your left. If you can get up close to them, we can get them. Hard left. That's the hardest I can go right there. I got another one. Turn around and go back down. Narrator: Mark and huck recover six jugs, But 44 are still missing... Go to your left just a little bit. ...Putting them over $4,000 in the hole. How many have we found? Six? Six. I don't see no more. What we gonna do now about the other guy? Have to have a different pick-up date. This right here is my mistake. I'll just have to fix it. Narrator: Darkness is keeping mark from finding the rest of his run. But over in kentucky, The moonlit night is proving perfect for pumping out shine. Chico: We're finally moving forward. Tyler: We got plenty of time to deal with tickle in the winter. Narrator: After leaving tickle in the dust, Chico and tyler are ready to run their first batch Of their honey home brew... Tyler: About right in here, ain't it? ...Hoping to make their own mark this shine season. Chico: All I know is we make a whole lot of noise Coming in here. We're in a pretty good little spot here, though. Anybody back here is fooling around. They're gonna have to be into something wrong anyway. Barney found this son of a bitch in the daylight. Tyler: With this honey moonshine, We decided we'd get out here in the dark And get a little more cover on us And run this high-dollar liquor out here at night. I believe we've made a little liquor in here before. That's why they call it moonshine. You run the stuff at night by the light of the moon. You got that hose? Yeah, I got the hose. This old metal pipe coming out of the ground Is hooked to an underground spring. We get that cold spring water coming out of the ground. Chico: We was excited to make this honey liquor to start with. Come on around. Let me see. The mash just smelt real strong, you know? Boy, honey mash sure smells good. It don't smell like I thought it would. It burn your nostrils when you took a big snort of it. Smell like a bee farted out a lightning bolt. We ought to get at least 12 gallon out of this run. I never did pay attention in math much, But that sounds like a pretty good payday for chico and tyler. That's $2,400 off this one run. We're gonna run one more of these, so that's $4,400. We stepping up to a clientele that's on another level. Suit-and-tie tty bar-type. Pretty much. [ amplified ] ph! Chico: We've cut out of selling liquor in virginia. You know, the money ain't coming like it's supposed to, And this higher-end alcohol's gonna appeal to, hopefully, Higher-paid clients, you know? How's that work? Doctor-, lawyer-type stuff. We're looking at people that's got fat bank rolls And no common sense. You go ahead and light this thing up. I'm gonna cut this gas on. I'm looking forward to seeing what the product's Gonna be like coming out of here. We ain't never run no honey out of this still. Hurry up and wait. Now we play the waiting game. I tell you what. We can go ahead and make that paste up And get it on there before it even gets hot, And it'll go baking on there Just as soon as it gets warmed up. You reckon we can get $200 a gallon out of this? Well, I don't reckon. I know. I know we can get $200 a gallon out of this. These guys is wanting this top-shelf liquor That nobody else is making. We the last of a dying breed. Dying breed. It's on its way. That's getting hot there. I can hear the thump every once in a while. [ chuckling ] oh, buddy! That's hot. Look there. It's running now. Damn, boy. That's running there. I can smell it. Oh, man. Whew! I tell you what, It don't get much better than that right there. When I put that right here and tasted it -- oh, man. Oh, yeah. There ain't nobody on the face of this planet That's ever run liquor tastes like that. If they have, I want to meet them and shake their hand. [ coughs ] [ laughs ] There's enough there to get two people drunk, And you just drank all of it. [ laughs ] Let's get this thing shut off and get it out of here. I can't move right now. Man, I'm proud of that. Narrator: Coming up, a shiner comes clean. I lost the whole load. Jeff: Oh, lord. That's what I said. "oh, lord." [ spits ] Narrator: In south carolina, With the final days of shine season fast approaching, Josh and bill roll up on their underground stash site, Anxious to start moving their 300 gallon haul to market. Let's hurry up and do this. If we can get the hose right to the truck, Right to the buckets, Then we ain't even gonna have to unload none of that. We got a sale. The guy's waiting on us. I'm ready to just get in and get out. We're out here. We got all this moonshine here. We don't want anybody seeing us coming or going. We got to get this moonshine pumped, get it delivered, And collect some of that hard-earned cash. I'm about to throw the switch and throw the valve. You ready? Yeah. It ain't running? I got the switch on. I got the valve turned. It ain't doing nothing, man. Oh, drang. There a battery hooked up? Bill goes and flips the switch. Nothing. Let me see what's wrong with this thing. It should be pumping. There it is. She's doing something. Oh, crap! What is it? Uh, damn! Son of a bitch. Bill. Yeah? We've lost about a gallon of liquor. Hold on. I'm coming. Yeah, we got problems. The frickin' plywood settled down on the pipe And crimped off our plumbing. We can't pump no shine, and now we're about to lose our sale. Narrator: The two 300-gallon tanks That hold josh and bill's stash Are hidden under a protective blanket of plywood And a set of two steel "I" beams. But the two-ton truck that sits atop their booze bunker Is far too heavy, Putting pressure on the steel and plywood And crushing the pipe that pours out the shine. Without the proper plumbing to pump their liquor, Their stash and season are all stopped up. Bill: If I can just take, like, a rock or a stick, A branch or something, The framing's sitting on the plywood, And the truck's sitting on it. Listen... If I can -- ...You are not gonna be able to beat that out of there. It has enough pressure on it to cut a piece of pvc pipe in two. You're not just gonna beat it out, and if you do, You're gonna cause that dirt to fall in there. All we got to do is -- I'll run back to the house, Get the damn seawall, I'll cut a notch in it, And it'll be done. If I just get, like, a branch or a rock or something -- You are not beating that out of there, man. Knock the plywood -- I'm just telling you you're gonna damn mess Our [bleep] up when all you got to do Is let me run back to the house And get the seawall and cut a notch in it, And vila, it's done. Well, if I just get a rock or a stick or something, I can knock -- damn you, bill! I mean, just -- Hey [bleep] how about opening that hood back up? Funny, funny guy. Narrator: In north carolina, After bungling a $5,000 sale to a big buyer in tennessee And searching through the night to recover his lost load, It's time for mark to face the music. Do what? Somebody rip you off, or...? What happened? From what I can figure out... Did you find any of it, or...? Uh, yeah, I went back and looked and looked best I could. It was dark, but we -- we found six or seven jugs. Oh, lord. That's what I said, "oh, lord." Thought and thought about it, But I don't know what to even say about it, but... We'll do something so it can't get out of that box. Seems to me like we're just having a lot of bad luck. Narrator: Next time on "moonshiners"... Got a sale lined up. It's not a guy I really know. ...A backdoor deal goes bust... Tickle: It was only supposed to be one guy. This is the first time I'm meeting this guy. ...Josh and bill are back in business... Josh was able to score us a truck. We got a big sticker gonna go on the side. We can't use that. Supposed to say, "can of spring water." How do you spell that? ...And the law cracks down on jeff and lance. Slow, slow, slow. All right, boys. You got to get out right now. You got anything in the vehicle? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 