Moonshiners: Season 4, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Moonshiners 
 s4e4 - Risky Whiskey - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Moonshiners (2011–…): Season 4, Episode 4 - Risky Whiskey - full transcript 
 Josh and Bill rebuild bigger and better. Lance takes a risk on a new kind of whiskey, while Jeff and Mark prep their indoor still site. Tickle and crew battle the elements in Kentucky. Tim gives the North Carolina distillery a backwoods makeover. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn Narrator: Tonight on "moonshiners"... Chico: Damn. ...A shiner blows a gasket... I'm done, boys. ...Watchers in the woods. Right now will be the time for them to get me If they're gonna get me. Narrator: The bigger they come, the harder they fall... Troy: Jesse! Come on, come on, come on! Get back up there. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ...And the law is ready to strike. Jeff: Uh-oh. Uh-oh. Look. Man: This is how we make the moonshine! Captions paid for by discovery communications Narrator: It's just four weeks into the season, And from the tennessee highlands to the louisiana bayous, The thirst for moonshine is reaching record levels. In kentucky's cave region, Three shiners are closing in on a huge payday. Tyler: But you know what? There's a lot of money worth of shine in here. Over the past few weeks, tickle, chico, and tyler Have made close to $10,000 worth of tax-free whiskey. Tyler: We got over a hundred gallons back here, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And we got over in that other spot. Chico: Remind me why we do this. Tickle: 'cause we love it. I love running liquor. I don't love the back-breaking labor Getting it in and out of here. Tickle: There are thousands of dollars worth of shine Sitting back there in that cave, But it doesn't make us any money Till we can get this stuff out here, Get it back to virginia, and I can get it sold. I'll tell you what, fellas, y'all be careful on this hill. Narrator: They plan on bringing all the shine to market Over the next few days, But the old road leading to the cave site Was built by shiners generations ago, And it's been murder on chico's truck. [bleep] damn it. That hurt. And nightlong rains have turned their path into a mud bog. [bleep] dang. Hey, watch it. Worried about getting me out of here Without breaking my neck. Chico: You know, we got the liquor stuff run. We're to the point where we think we're in the clear, And it's fixing to rain around here, man. You know, I'm fighting this mud, man. I've done enough coon hunting to know how to do this crap. Tyler: Well, I'll be glad When we get through here to this damn truck. Chico: Aah! Let's go ahead and load this up. Tickle: All right. Let's go. Yes, sir. Tickle: I don't care whether we get out fast or slow, As long as we get out. [ engine revs ] Oh, that didn't sound good. Chico: [bleep] damn. Mother [bleep] Tyler: Chico's getting mad, And you got to keep moving forward. Even though you got problems, You always got to go forward. Chico: It's overheating. I'm done. That temper's the worst thing you can do. I know. Tickle: Keep going. If you don't, you're gonna wind up in trouble. Chico: These [bleep] trees. Tyler: We just got to get it out of here. There you go. You about got it. Get out of here, man. Come on. A little more. Screw my [bleep] transmission. All right. That's good. It's begging for [bleep] help, man. Yeah, it's good. If I can get it off this [bleep] damn tree. You want to film me pushing [bleep] off my mirror. You got it now. How long your peckers, boys? Just be easy on it. [bleep] damn. [ glass shatters ] I'm done, boys. [ sighs ] Narrator: For shiners seeking the biggest scores, Size matters, And in south carolina... As far as weight concerns... Oh, it's gonna be a heavy son of a gun. There ain't no doubt about it. ...Two country boys are going for the brass ring With a huge, new still. ...The weight you put on. You gonna set it down on the table or what? Yeah. Early in the season, Josh and bill were ahead of the game... Whoo-hoo. ...Until their still exploded... [ bang ] The [bleep] ...Setting them back to square one And costing them thousands of dollars. What the [bleep] man? But these two diehards aren't quitting. They're going big With one of the largest still types ever used -- The blackpot submarine still. Set these right beside those other ones. Yeah. Bill: This is the first time we built a submarine pot, So we don't know what we're gonna run into, But hopefully, everything's gonna go smooth. It's gonna be a heck of a lot lighter Than most stills that brew 700 gallons. That's for sure. Narrator: The blackpot submarine still was the innovation That industrialized illegal moonshine. By 1925, americans were consuming More gallons of alcohol per year than ever. To meet the rising demand, shiners needed a still That could hold hundreds of gallons of mash And be built for only a fraction of the cost of a copper pot. Enter the blackpot submarine still. To this day, it remains the most popular design in use. Bill: I suggested to josh, I'll just go by the lumberyard And pick up some clear white pine. He said he wanted to get some poplar. Said he had a man that's gonna rough-saw us some down. They're gonna have to go butt to butt with no gaps. If that's the case, we're in trouble. I mean, if there's gaps, there's no way to close. No. Usually, a pile of lumber -- they cut it straight. Not in this case. Narrator: To guarantee a watertight seal, The boards need to be as straight as possible. If we try to put it together like this, man, We're gonna be leaking like a sieve through there. I could have had those pine boards out here last week, You know, but josh really wanted to go with the poplar. You know, he does some things, I mean, that just grate on my nerves. When I was getting it, I just didn't realize. When I said we need straight lumber, You didn't believe me. Somehow it slipped my mind. I mean, it just... Just one of those details. I thought it was straight enough, man. This is ridiculous. Once we put the clamps on it, I mean, it was so bowed up, Got crowns, got cups. It's just all boogered up. We're not gonna be able to get it straight. I can see through it. I can see through it. I can stick this pencil in it. Look. Bill: Our budget's gonna start getting slim real quick. Well, you got a point. I got a friend of mine. He used to do a bunch of millwork for us When I was doing some larger remodeling jobs. Hopefully, he's gonna be able to help get it planed down. Come on, cutie pie. Allen: Bill. Good to see you, man. Good to see you. What y'all working on today? I got some poplar boards I called you about. Calling to see if we can get them planed down And doing, like, a groove-in-groove And then putting a spline in them. A spline joint, sure. What you gonna make out of it? I got -- got this family That I've been doing -- doing some remodeling for. They were wanting -- they'd like a -- Instead of a cedar closet, They were wanting a poplar closet, So I was gonna get these boards cut down and stacked up And make them a wooden closet they wanted. Yeah, I hate to lie to him, but, you know, The less people know what we're doing, the better. I mean, I don't want to have to put him in a position Where he knows too much about what we're doing. Did the wood come off their land Or there's something they're interested in? Yeah, they want to build something Made out of wood from the trees on the land. All right. Sentimental value. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Well, let's get it unloaded. Right on. Bill: My buddy fixed us up. He got us the cleanest, straightest lumber We could ever imagine to have to build a still with. That's smooth as a baby's butt right there. This is a lifesaver because the boards we had -- They were [bleep] Now they're perfection. You are the man. God, this woman is gonna love her closet. Bill: We get beat down. You know, we knock the dust off and get back up, But it's just always one thing after another with us. Narrator: Nearby, in the foothills of graham county, north carolina... I'm really worried that the sake is gonna be a failure. Narrator: ...A rookie shiner is almost ready to admit defeat. Lance: Maybe that's why nobody else has ever done it. Narrator: Lance was trying to prove That he could play a larger role In jeff and mark's moonshine operation, But his first attempt at sake 'shine Yielded only a low-proof liquor. That's really weak. To salvage his plan, He has no other choice but to swallow his pride. How was your run? It didn't turn out too good. There was just no alcohol there. I think the rice just soaked it up. You've done wasted time here with this. I don't want you to spend all your time and money On something that's a losing proposition. What I'm trying to say is, is it gonna be worth it? It may give us a whole new client base That we have never sold anything to before. I'd say on this next one, If I doesn't work, I'd just forget it. Let's get at it. Jeff: When I first started, You know, I made a lot of mistakes. I had a lot of bad runs. If he's willing to try again, I'm willing to help him. Jeff: What do you think about changing the recipe Just a little bit? Add a little cornmeal to it and see what happens. We can give it a shot, see how it does. Narrator: When yeast is added to mash, It converts sugars into alcohol. More sugar means more alcohol. I'll stir, I guess. But rice alone does not have enough sugar To make high-octane liquor, So jeff is using a trick taught to him by his father -- Adding cornmeal. Lance: If this doesn't work And I have to scrub this sake, you know, It's gonna be me being the workhorse again. You want to burn these bags? I'll lock the building up. Narrator: While lance has his sights set on the future, Just a few miles away, a lawman has other plans. Narrator: After finding his surveillance camera destroyed... Chuck: We got a .30-30. Narrator: ...Sheriff's deputy chuck stewart Has reduced his list of suspects to just one. Coming up... Tickle and the kentucky crew get nowhere fast. I'm just like this truck. I'm sick of spinning my wheels, man. Narrator: The original shiner is back in business. And it's tim versus the law... Of gravity. Troy: Jesse! Come on, come on, come on! Get back up there. Narrator: Deep in the kentucky wilds... Tyler: Let's go ahead and load this up. Tickle: All right. Chico: Let's go. ...Chico, tickle, and tyler Are trying to haul 30 gallons of moonshine From the backwoods to the black market... [bleep] damn. Mother [bleep] ...But the muddy road from their still site left them stranded. Tyler: Just be easy on it. Chico: [bleep] damn. And patience has worn thin. [ glass shatters ] I'm done, boys. [ sighs ] I tell you what, man. We can't get nowhere like this. Tickle: Unh-unh. We can't sit here and go through this [bleep] You know what I mean? No. Tickle: If you can't keep your cool at about something small, How are you gonna keep your cool when the law's chasing you And you got a load of shine on your truck? I'm done. Hey, come on back over here to the truck. Let's get this thing out of here. Let me find my hat. Well, I saw it right there where you threw it. Look straight here by the truck, The front wheel. I'm done, boys. [ sighs ] It's making noises vehicles ought not make. She is pretty warm. [bleep] damn, man. I've boiled transmission fluid out of the top of my overcheck. My engine's overheating, overflowed with water back here. It's just problem, problem, problem. [ spits ] It's just gonna cost money, boys. Well, we got over $10,000 worth of moonshine run-off back there. Yeah, but that's $10,000 worth of moonshine When shorty here gets it sold in virginia. I got 7 bucks. $7. Tickle: Well. Chico: That won't buy a spark plug. It gets down to what you doing and what you got to do. I'm just like this truck. I'm sick of spinning my wheels, man. Well, we got to get past that. We can't sit and think about what's been done. We got to go forward. Narrator: With the truck out of commission, They'll have to carry all 30 gallons of shine Several miles to tyler's family farm. Chico: Let's go. Tickle: Let's get it on out of here. Narrator: Each bucket weighs more than 40 pounds, And there's 14 more back at the cave. I ain't gonna lie to you. It's gonna take so long, I'm afraid all this liquor's gonna evaporate Before we get it back out of here. Tyler: Let this damn thing cool off. We'll get it out of here, and, you know, We'll get to the house. Tickle: We'll get it taken care of. Narrator: While the kentucky crew is stuck in the mud, Over in graham county, north carolina... ...Legendary shiners jim tom and roy Are blazing a comeback trail. Let me give that a little eyeball. Jim tom has already finished the main still pot and the cape. Now it's time for the cap and arm. No, I'm just joking. [ laughs ] Let me see how close I did get it. Well, there went the top on. Now... Arm. ...Got to build my arm to come from the cap. Narrator: After 50 years of experience, The master has developed some trade secrets To ensure a leak-proof seal. [ laughs ] Don't it? [ both laugh ] You ready for a hot dog? Yeah, I'm ready for something. Okay, then. We'll head for the timeout where the women work. Let's go before I fall down. I'm getting weak. Narrator: 100 miles away... Moonshine heavyweight tim smith Is attempting to bring old techniques to a modern facility. Tim: I got a doubler here, And you got to have a doubler to make climax moonshine. Narrator: Tim faced a major setback When arson forced him out of kentucky. He set up shop with a new partner At a distillery in north carolina. What do you need? I need to make more product. But for all its high-tech equipment, It's not set up to make tim's moonshine. That's good. Yeah. Huh? Is this your invention that's supposed to be low-tech? Yeah. Well, I'm a high-tech redneck. [ laughs ] I'd like to see how you're gonna hook this up in there Where it looks pretty and it fits. No one will notice it. All right. Troy: I'm still a little doubting That this thing's gonna be stable enough And not disrupt the rest of the still. I'm worried about shaking the still to death When this gets way up in the air. I know. It's a thumper. So we're gonna have to stabilize it. I know. Don't you worry about nothing. Narrator: The doubler, or thump keg, Is a barrel fitted between the pot and the condenser. Alcohol vapors from the heated mash Rise into cap where water vapor condenses And drops back into the pot. The partially distilled alcohol vapor Then travels to the thumper Where any additional water it contains Has a second chance to condense And fall to the bottom of the keg. The purified alcohol vapor then moves on to the worm Where it condenses into liquid moonshine, The proof effectively doubled. All right, just about go. Troy: Right. Okay. This cost more than the biggest still I've ever had. You're kidding. Yeah, 'cause I always get some stuff and put it together. 'cause you didn't care how it looked? I don't care no matter what it looked. It's what counts is on the inside, not the outside. [ laughs ] chrome don't get you home. Chrome don't... [ laughs ] chrome don't get you home. It just looks pretty when you're broke down On the side of the road. Oh, my god. We good? Yeah. Okay. You ready? Here we go. All right, how about that now? The thump keg weighs over 2,000 pounds And will be hanging Directly over troy's $50,000 custom still. Any damage to the still during installation Could shut the distillery down for weeks, Costing hundreds of thousands of dollars. Troy: Oh, you better go -- whoa. Whoa. He's pretty dang close to that copper. Tim: Just tilt it in. You got 1 inch. That's good. Oh, I'm not sure about this. No dropping tools on the copper still. I don't think you could hurt that still. Troy: Yeah, you can. That's just copper. It's all... No, you can't hurt it. You can't hurt it. You could hurt it. I know I have to work with troy and build up that trust. We went through this with steve beam at limestone. You know, it's just the beginning. All right, which way you going? Whoa, whoa. Man: There we go. All right. Careful. He's awfully close to those pipes. That's okay. Do I go up a little bit? Go up. Geez. Shh. One boss. I would feel better if y'all would hook a chain Up to that thing. [ laughs ] Okay, I'll find it. Troy: Jesse, are you all right? I'm trying to keep the base from clinging. Okay, okay, okay, okay. That thing is getting ready to fall. Jesse! Come on, come on, come on! Get back up there. Narrator: Coming up, a partnership pushed too far... My building looks like a god-dang bomb went off. I didn't touch nothing in your building. ...And a rookie defends his turf. Right now would be the time for them to get me If they're gonna get me. Tim: All right. Which way you going? Narrator: In a north carolina distillery... Troy: Careful. ...Tim's plans are about to come crashing down. That thing is getting ready to fall. Jesse! Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on! Get back up there. This thing has slipped. It shifted. Tim: All right. Let's go up. Okay, you got it? Brace it there. Okay. Come forward a little bit. Whoa. Whoa. Just stabilize this. Troy: Be careful. Whoops. Oh. Okay. I'm a little, like, not too sure about having this, You know, hillbilly thumper Now attached to our cool-looking still. But I'm grateful we got through this part of the day. [ chuckles ] Narrator: Tim's new setup will triple his production. Well, it sure looks different, I'll tell you that. I know it's different, but -- I mean -- and you don't think that's gonna be shaking? Well, when people come and they hear it, They're gonna say, "that's real moonshine being made." It's thumping and it's rattling and they know, "oh, this is the real deal." [ chuckles ] Well, I'm telling you, I'm just praying. It'll be okay. Just over the state lines... Two shiners are modernizing by taking a page from the past. Josh: [bleep] that's gonna be a big old still. Before tackling the 750-gallon pot, They're going to build the worm barrel and the thumper. Bill: We had a little bit of a hiccup yesterday, But now me and josh getting along mostly better today. That's mostly because I'm keeping my mouth shut. Josh: This thing's gonna be bad, dude. Narrator: While many shiners use a cheap polyethylene barrel To hold the condenser worm, Bill is going to push his carpentry skills To build a custom wood barrel from rough-sawed planks. Easy, bill. I built it sturdy. Bill: Well, our worm barrel -- I've got a bunch of 2x6s I'm gonna stand on end. I got bevels cut on them. Put them together and hopefully she's gonna fit tight. Ho yeah! Like a glove. Narrator: With the worm barrel finished, Josh and bill move on to the thump keg, Which they're building out of an old whiskey barrel. All right, I need a file. Somewhere in this pigsty is a file. Can't find what I'm looking for 'cause I can't see. Damn. Now that one done quit working. [bleep] it. You got a file? All right, I didn't say nothing. I'm 'bout to get aggravated, man. Ungh! Please take that camera off of me, man. Every time we build a still, This is what my place looks like when you go home. And here I got to clean all this mess [bleep] up. My building looks like [bleep] bomb went off. I didn't do that to your building. I ain't touched nothing in your building. I am not bitching at you, I'm just saying I'm aggravated 'cause I can't get in, out of my building. All my drop lights have burned out. I ain't got no [bleep]ing light bulbs. Just a little frustrated. Can't find my file. Pisses me off when [bleep] ain't where it's supposed to be. And I can't even walk into my building Without tripping, man. It's just... Enough to make me crazy. Can't work like this. Bill: I mean, if josh would have caught me on a bad day When he come out hollering, screaming, Trying to blame it on me that his shop was a mess, I mean, I'd likely be wanting to fight him. But not today. Josh: I got two or three big files, man. I don't know where they are. I got metal files and wood files. Here's -- here's a big metal one. Where'd you see that at? Right there. Think I'm going blind. I wasn't gonna let him get to me. If we end up, you know, going toe-to-toe Then fighting in the dirt every time we get screaming, We'll never get this project done. If we don't get this thing built, we're sunk. Narrator: In the mountains of north carolina... See if this works with the tweaks we made to it. Narrator: ...Lance is taking one more shot at sake shine With a hybrid cornmeal-rice mash Designed to produce higher proof liquor. Well, it's full. Get it capped, get a fire under it. [ gas whooshes ] Getting my oatmeal mixed up. Narrator: To seal any dangerous vapor leaks in a still, Shiners use a simple paste made from flour, oat bran, and water. Lance: I really don't want to fail, It being my first chance to let people see That maybe I can make a little bit Of decent-tasting alcohol, too. It's getting close. We should be running any minute now. Narrator: Lance is trying to prove That he can make it as a shiner. But lighting a still without someone watching the perimeter Is a foolhardy act that's put many a shiner in prison. ...Gonna get me. [ branch snaps ] [ heart beating ] Huh. Heard what sounded like some footsteps. [ gun cocks ] [ branch snaps ] Narrator: Coming up... Tyler: I think this one's a little more suitable For what we're gonna do. Narrator: On the road again in kentucky... We're just to the point where we got to do What we got to do to get out. Tickle: Let's get it done. Narrator: ...And home upgrades, moonshiner style. They can actually get a warrant from a smell, To open the building and come in. There it is. Narrator: In a wooded clearing, A young shiner is trying to make a name for himself. It's getting close. Narrator: Lance is perfecting his recipe for sake shine. But he may have company. [ branch snaps ] Huh. Heard what sounded like some footsteps. [ gun cocks ] Guess it's all clear. I don't hear it now. But it should be running any minute. Any minute now. Oh, it's a running. That's good and clear. Narrator: Lance needs the sake shine To reach at least 100 proof... Or the product will never sell. We're all -- it's right at 100, so that's perfect drinking. Now I can at least go to them and tell them that it produced. I quit drinking, And now mom and dad, they're my taste tester. I was pretty worried that it was gonna turn out Like the first run, not give me no alcohol, But putting the cornmeal in definitely worked. We'll just have to wait and see what dad thinks, Make sure it has a good sake flavor. What you up to? Well, I got it run. Seems to be high enough proof. Looks good. It come out nice and clear. Smells real good. Yeah. I believe it done pretty good. Proud of you. Well, thank you. It made me feel great, like winning a marathon for me. Narrator: But there's no time for lance to savor success. Jeff: We've been a working on everything else And working on the still, And our seasons are clicking away. With their operation growing too large to hide in the woods, The guys are in a race against time To transform an empty warehouse into a still site. I want to see what that thing will produce, don't you? Mark: Yeah. It's about time. Narrator: The warehouse will make it easier To run their industrial-size still. But with convenience comes the danger Of abandoning the natural cover of the woods. Augh! [ grunts ] Lance: Yeah, we've got to be extremely careful Just coming in and out Because one person -- that one right person -- Sees us come in here, everything is gone. [ lock clicks ] Get in here. There we go. We got to figure out where we're gonna put our line in first. Then where to black out the windows. Put them high enough we won't be hitting our heads. Yeah. Yeah, I don't want to run into them. Yeah. Jeff: We got to have light before we can see what we're doing. And you can't run a liquor still in the dark. Narrator: To run the still late into the night Without fear of discovery, They'll black out the windows And string lanterns across the rafters. Mark: We might as well light that lantern, captain. Both: Yep. That'll light the still area pretty good, won't it? Pretty bright. Narrator: Even with the windows blacked out, The telltale smell of corn mash cooking Could tip off the neighbors and get them busted. They can actually get a warrant from a smell To open the building and come in. Let me get you one of these lanterns down, mark. [ sighs ] Narrator: To cover their scent, mark's installing A carbon-filtered ventilation system. Odors and fumes from the still are sucked up through a vent And travel through a duct to a fan, Which pushes the fumes Through three layers of activated charcoal. By the time the exhaust hits the open air, There'll be no trace of the illegal activities Going on inside. Mark: Where you want it at? Jeff: That'll work right there. Right here? Yeah. There it is. You did well, mark. That'll work. Let's get out of here. Okey doke. It'd be bad, after all the work we've already done, To get caught now. Narrator: While the north carolina shiners are moving forward... Over in kentucky, tickle, chico, and tyler Are trying to get back in gear. Y'all come on, I'll show you this tractor up here. Chico: We all wanting to get paid And it just feels like we're running in place. We're spending money and ain't none coming back. Tickle: All right, let's see what you got up here, bro. Narrator: They still have 70 gallons of whiskey Back in their cave. Tyler: You know what? There's a lot of money of worth of shine here. And after chico's truck broke down During their last run, Tyler came up with a backup plan. I think this one's a little more suitable For what we're gonna do. Yeah! Yeah, that can get back there. I can see that. Tickle: Now, tractor ain't gonna just haul it just on its own. We're gonna have to build some sort of rig or something To put on this tractor to haul all this liquor in. What was in these? They've had a little alcohol in them before. [ chuckles ] These barrels have seen alcohol before. Ooh! I'd be damned if they ain't. Tickle: Won't lie to you, Sure is handy having two, great big old fellers around. [ laughter ] See, that'll sit. Get your nut on it. We'll tighten it on in there. Something we can help strap them barrels to Or something keep them from falling out? Tyler: Oh, yeah. Look at that. There you go. Set you a barrel up there. To the front. And then you can lock it down tight. Yeah, raise it up on that. You know she's holding good. Chico: Get down on it. That's good enough. Them ain't going nowhere. No, they ain't going nowhere. We'd be hauling some precious cargo, But the good thing -- You're looking about $11,000 worth of shine right there. Oh, yeah. Or more. Chico: You know, that's a big charge And that's a big loss if we do get caught. There's risk in everything you take, And we're just to the point where we've got to do What we got to do to get out. Well, we got a whole lot of work to do, boys, And we're standing here. Tickle: Let's get it done. Narrator: Coming up... Josh: There's no way in hell I'm doing that! Josh and bill go head-to-head. It's the only damn spot we could find! Don't give me that horse[bleep] And the law hits close to home. Jeff: Uh-oh. Uh-oh. Look. Yeah. Narrator: In south carolina... Bill: Man, you gonna sit on your ass this whole time I'm gonna build this thing? ...Josh and bill are building Their new black pot submarine still. Look man, there can't but one of us running that damn router. And from the looks of it right here, It don't look like either one of us can. But the project's ambitious scale Has worked the two shiners to the bone. Fuses are short. Bill: [ blows ] this thing's gonna be perfect, No matter how bad you try to mess it up. You're a pain in the butt sometimes, man. Each of the seven-foot by three-foot sides Will be screwed together from individual boards. Then cut into the distinctive submarine shape. You're like a surgeon with that thing. Man! That's beautiful. A stainless-steel sheet Is then tacked on to the edges of the wood To form the sides and complete the pot. Bill: We got our little side braces put in. Kind of halfway, mostly squared it up And we can kind of get the basic shape of this thing. It'll be easier to put back together Once we get in the woods, But it's... Coming together nicely. All right. Let's pick it up. Just pick it up. [ grunting ] oh, god. [ grunts ] Naw, there's no way we're toting this entire thing. It is so tedious to put a still together. I wanted to get as many steps together here at the house As I possibly could. Let's get it in there like this, for real. Naw. Hell no. Yes. No. Yes. He really thinks that we're gonna drag That whole still through the woods. It ain't gonna happen. We can carry it in like that. Naw, naw, naw. Listen, we could turn it up like this And carry it right up the creek like this. We do not have to take it -- Or we can take it back apart. No. [ scoffs ] dude, there is no way in hell. You're gonna find you another helper Before I drag this thing in in one piece. We could finish building this thing Right here in the yard and get it all ready to go, But bill ain't having no part of that. Hey, whatever. Let's go ahead and put the metal on it and everything. Hell no. I swear I think we ought to tote it in there in once piece. There's no way in hell I'm doing that! Why? Because it's way too much weight To be trying to get through there. You're being a pansy, for real. I am not, man. This thing weighs 300 pounds. It don't weigh 300 pounds. I'm not. I'm flat out -- I'm not. I'm not gonna tote the damn thing Through the woods in one piece. It's 250. Bill: Our still site, We got to go up hills and over slippery rocks. It's just way too big and way too heavy To be dragging through the woods in one piece. I ain't gonna do it. And...The reason I agreed for that spot down there Was that we weren't gonna bring it in one piece. No, the reason you agreed on that spot Was because it's the only damn spot we could find! Don't give me that horse[bleep] 30 yards back downstream where I wanted to put it, yeah. There is absolutely no need in damn busting our backs To damn drag this whole thing in there. I feel like -- all right. I ain't gonna argue with you no more. Fine. Well, good. Let's do it your way. Right on, man. Another great day. Narrator: In the mountains 160 miles to the west... Jeff: We are getting very close. Just got to finish up a few little odds and ends On the building. Narrator: ...Mark, jeff, and lance are headed to the warehouse They've converted into a still site. They need to finish the ventilation system And install security cams. I ain't never fooled with nothing likes this. That'll give us a set of eyes on the outside While we're on the inside. Yeah, and it has to be real easy for the cops to surround us. Least we'll have a little heads up they're a coming. We've been working our butts off trying to get everything ready. All we got to do is get moved in... Get some nights worked off. We're ready to go. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. Look. [bleep] Narrator: Next time on "moonshiners"... That ain't good. What ain't good? ...Tough breaks in kentucky. Tickle: We've got a lot of shine right there. If we get caught with it, It could go right down the drain. [ grunts ] Narrator: North carolina barn storming. Jeff: We got to get to start getting our money. Or we're gonna be broke this winter. Lance: If it goes good, this'll be our biggest season yet. If it goes bad, we're done. I ain't [bleep] doing this [bleep] Hold up, man. I'm going -- [bleep] Narrator: And josh reaches his breaking point. I'm going home! I've had a hell of [bleep] damn day, and I'm done. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 