Moonshiners: Season 4, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Moonshiners 
 s4e7 - White Lightning Wars - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Moonshiners (2011–…): Season 4, Episode 7 - White Lightning Wars - full transcript 
 Mark and Jeff feel the heat as the law closes in. Tim's plan to give a backwoods makeover to Troy's distillery will cost him big. The law cracks down on Josh and Bill. Tickle flirts with ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Nyo-o-o-w! Narrator: Tonight on "moonshiners"... Bootleggers on high alert... I'm right here where I'm supposed to be meeting a guy, And there's a cop. Narrator: ...Moonshine sticker shock... Tim: Easy. Man, when you moved it, it looked like it broke. Tim: We added more time and more money. Narrator: ...And the law cracks down in south carolina. Bill: He's stopping behind your truck. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 All the metal and stuff you got here Looks like some of the makings for a moonshine still. Man: This is how we make the moonshine! Captions paid for by discovery communications Narrator: The dog days of shine season have arrived. From the caverns of kentucky to the carolina piedmont, Temperatures are rising, and so is the danger As shiners aim to keep their cool And spin high risk into higher reward. On a remote country road in north carolina, Mark and jeff are feeling the heat. Yep. Mark: Yeah. Jeff: Uh-oh. Uh-oh. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Narrator: After sheriff's deputy chuck stewart burned Their first indoor site... Jeff: We got to get this thing set up, Or we're gonna be broke this winter. These shiners have been busy playing catch-up. But with a secret backwoods spot finally secured, And their massive 760-gallon still in place, The boys are anxious to blow the lid off shine season. We need to get to running quick as we can, don't we? Jeff: The more work we do, the further behind we get. [ siren wails ] I got the license. I don't have time for registration. I ain't sure where it's at. Mark: No. Water. [ police radio chatter ] Jeff: Okeydoke. We appreciate it. Jeff: I've actually been in handcuffs 27 times -- Well, 28 times now. I've not been arrested since I was 19 years old, though. We got to really double down and be careful from here on out 'cause they know who we are and know what we do. Mark: What if we would have had a load on this thing? Jeff: We'd have been going to jail. Narrator: With the law safely behind them, Mark and jeff are anxious to make their first run And finally break out of their slump. But 300 miles away in virginia, Tickle's trying to keep his winning streak going strong With a brand-new batch of tim smith's recipe in tow. Tickle: I have a lot of work and a lot of money into this. It's time for it to start making me some money Instead of costing me money. Narrator: After a stellar run brewing 100 gallons In chico and tyler's kentucky cave site... I got an address in here. It's in virginia. ...The virginia shiners secretly shipped... [ grunts ] Narrator: ...Then stashed the first half of the $10,000 haul In a local junkyard. Five gallons down. All right. [ sighs ] Narrator: Now he's itching To chalk up his first sale of the season. Tickle: Any time you're transferring shine From one person to another, There's always an element of danger. This isn't a small deal. Quite a bit of money's gonna change hands. I've got nine gallons of shine. That's enough to send me to jail for a long time. Narrator: Tickle stands to make $1,000 on today's deal. The price of moonshine is largely based On the cost of sugar, propane, and gasoline. A rise in just one, and the price of shine can spike. During prohibition, The cost of a gallon of the home brew was just $3, But the fuel crisis of the 1970s sent oil prices skyrocketing, Causing moonshine to top $10 for the first time. And today, a jug can easily set you back 100 bucks, A hefty payday that, for most shiners, Outweighs the risks of getting caught. Tickle: If you're not at least a little bit scared When you're doing something like this, You don't need to be doing it. I think this might be it. Tickle: How's it going [bleep] You who I'm supposed to be talking to? Let me show you what I got here. You might not want to smoke around this stuff. Pretty good stuff. See what you think. All right. All right. I got nine gallons. If you want to start lugging them in, I'll start bringing them out to you. You got the cash? All right. So I reckon that'll do it. All right. All right. I got plenty of this stuff. All right, well, you just give me a call when you need some more. We'll see you. Tickle: You always got to be suspicious and be careful. Last thing in the world I want to do is mess all this up. Narrator: While tickle can finally celebrate His first sale this season... Bill: Oh, man, we got a bunch of gear to tote in. Josh: Come on, cutie pie. ...The clock is ticking for two south carolina shiners. Josh and bill have sunk thousands of dollars Into a huge submarine still... Josh: [ chuckles ] this thing's huge, dude. ...Capable of producing nearly 100 gallons of liquor per run. Bill: [ grunts ] oh, oh, oh, oh. But the stress of the build has stirred up old problems. I've had a hell of a [bleep] day, And I'm done. Now, with customers threatening to buy elsewhere, The two are working overtime, Desperate to turn their season around. Damn. [ sighs ] Their first task -- setting up a water source. Bill: Let's build a damn dam. Josh: [ grunts ] Josh: We're gonna take all these rocks, Dig all this dirt out, Make a pretty deep pool right here. The dam will collect a pool of water That will be used to cool the still's condenser... Josh: There's a bullfrog. ...A crucial step in making moonshine. Thanks! Ha-ha! [bleep] sorry, dude. That ought to be good, bill. I love it. I love it. I'm gonna coat the top of it with a couple bags of cement Just so it's got -- No, we ain't putting no concrete in here. Just one -- or like four bags across through there. No, no. We got a clean mountain creek here. I ain't wanting to put any concrete in the thing. It'll be clean, And we'll take the whole top layer off and turn it up -- Bill: Josh is starting fights with me About wanting to put concrete in our dam. Same thing happened last year. I ain't gonna do that, flat-out. We're gonna try to leave nature undisturbed. Whatever. Go get a pond liner, a tarp. I'm sick of it! Narrator: Instead of concrete, The two shiners seal their dam with a plastic tarp, Creating a reservoir to collect the water. I got a couple rocks. When the level gets high enough, it will flow into a pipe Which will carry it 50 yards down to the still site. Bill: That looks like that'll feed water downhill From the dam all the way down. Josh: That's all I wanted right there. Perfect. Our water supply's done. Boom! It's been a lot of damn work. I don't think there's anything we do That's not a lot of damn work. Narrator: While josh and bill aim to keep their backwoods setup simple, For one veteran shiner, The stills keep getting more and more complex. Tim: I don't know about this thing. This is a different setup. This thing's got too many pipes on it. Let's see what it taste like. Narrator: Tim smith has teamed up with the north carolina distillery And just re-created his patented mash recipe. You can drink that, now. [ chuckles ] Now tim is ready to fire up his first batch, But he's anxious about the cutting-edge equipment. Troy: Hey! What are you doing? Tim: I'm just looking at it. A little bit different from what I've ever seen, But we'll see what happens when we run it. To make his climax moonshine, Tim has relied for years on the basic backwoods trio Of submarine pot, doubler, and copper worm. But troy's top-of-the-line distillery Uses an enormous column still standing 18 feet tall And filled with multiple chambers That can distill liquor at a much higher rate. But there's no guarantee that troy's expensive columns Will produce tim's signature flavor. I don't want to run it through the columns. [ groaning ] ohh! You're, like, impossible. Tim: Troy has always used the columns in distilling their moonshine, And it cleans it up real good, But we're already producing in kentucky. We already have set a standard. Everybody knows what it tastes like, And everybody wants the same taste. Trying to make my product... You're trying to make a simpler product On a sophisticated still. "sophisticated"? I call it complicated. Try one time with the columns. If you don't like it, Then let's talk about something else. All right. Yeah. We'll just run it like that. Tim: This is a lot of stuff here. I don't need all this equipment. A lot of bubbling going on in there. But I do need to make more moonshine. So I got to give it a try. You know, we capture product over here, right, In these tanks? But if you flip this valve, it'll make it come out here. Da-da! Voilà. It's not too bad. All right? That's a step in the right direction. No, but it ain't my moonshine, though. Mm. [ groans ] you sure you put The right mash in it? Yes, it has the right mash in it! Tim: I can see right now The column still is not gonna make my moonshine. It just does not taste the same. It ain't mine. It ain't mine. I want to change all this. What do you want to do? Tim: The key is trying to make my flavor Just like the backwoods, So the backwoods -- You got to have a pot, a doubler, and a worm. Tim: See? One, two, three. Simple. Troy: We put this doubler in just for him. Now he wants to put in an old-fashioned, You know, worm or snake, But this is costing me. Been making it like that a long time before me. It's in the process. You know what? If you want to build this, it's on your dime. When do you want to do this? As soon as possible. Narrator: Coming up... Tempers spill over... [ imitates chattering ] "no, we'll make this work." [ imitates chattering ] ...Tim and troy go toe-to-toe... I don't want a place where bacteria grows, dirty water. It's a condensing worm. Ain't no bacteria growing. Yeah, it is. Narrator: ...And a barn burner in north carolina. Mark: There's a fire. Jeff: Where? Under the still. Get it. Put it out. Narrator: For over a century, Backwoods brewers across appalachia perfected The slow, but steady art of producing premium moonshine With each step of the painstaking process Being passed down through the generations To a chosen few. And in cocke county, tennessee, One of those shiners is working To keep the traditions alive and well. We got us a good place to get in and spread it out. What do you think about maybe us making a little bit of liquor? I ain't above it as long as you don't tell my wife. After 10 years, digger and his partner in crime, mark, Are back in the game, Poised to brew the best-tasting moonshine in these parts And pay tribute to the legends who came before, Like their mentor, popcorn sutton. Digger: Mark wanted to make this run of liquor the old-fashioned way, So I've had this corn in the creek for a couple days, Getting it soaked to get it ready to sprout and malt it. And we've hid them up down the creek So they're not all in one spot. When you're at the house, you got chlorinated water. Here, you got the old mountain water Like the old-timers used. This is the fun part -- getting wet and nasty. This is our last bag, So we're gonna put this out on a tarp, Put a little wet blanket over it, Let it start sprouting, And let mother nature do her wonders in the dark. We started with 50 pounds of corn that was dry. Now we've got 100 pound of wet. And we do this really scientifically. And while this is sprouting, Let's keep it good and damp so the kernels don't dry out. The wet blanket is used to help generate its own heat, And then, the water evaporates, comes to the top of the tarp, Comes back down -- Just a raining process just like mama nature. And then, we hope, when we come back, That we don't have a big bunch of snakes. But the upside is there ain't nothing like a good copperhead To make a burglar alarm. It should sprout within two to three days. I'll be ready to kill it, grind it, and make it into mash. Narrator: Digger's time-honored methods Can produce a strong, smooth taste That few store-bought moonshines can ever match. Tim smith's liquor was the exception. Now he's set up in a new distillery That stripped his liquor of its famous flavor. Yeah, where is this guy? Uh... J.C.? So tim's contracting a local welder To build a worm that he believes is the key To putting the backwoods back in his whiskey. Hey. This is tim smith. He wants to build a simple condensing unit. I'm sure you've built a few of those in your day. Yeah. [ laughs ] Don't tell nobody. "don't tell nobody." good. And he really wants it to be copper -- A copper snake like the old days. I need to satisfy you both. So right over here is the pretty stuff, troy. That's the part I want to see. Narrator: In the backwoods, a worm box is usually made Of cheap plastic or wood, But troy isn't letting any old barrel into her distillery. She's making tim pay up for the new piece. Troy wants this thing made out of stainless steel So it can match the other parts of the distillery, But I'm not sure, at the end of the day, How much it's gonna cost. Probably gonna take about a sheet and a half, two sheets. That means I got to pay for two sheets? Two sheets. Probably looking at maybe $3,000, $3,500 -- Something like that. That's a deal. Don't you think? Yeah, that's a deal. That's a deal. Yeah, that's a deal. Let's go ahead and put it on the shear and get it going. Man, he's pretty good with that forklift. Oh, yeah. Tim: Three sheets? Yeah. For what? Troy: For the top. It don't need no top. Yeah. We don't need no -- we're having a top on it. Narrator: In the woods, the worm box is typically left open To allow a hose to circulate water in and out of the barrel, But for her distillery, Troy wants the new box capped and clean. I don't want a place where bacteria grows, Dirty water. It's a worm. It's a condensing worm. Ain't no bacteria growing. Yeah, it is. Tim: She wants me to spend all this money Making it look pretty and shiny. I don't care anything about that. Just make it work. Tim: You sure these guys know what they're doing? Troy: I mean, if it were up to him, We'd have a wood box up there with a snake in it, You know, a worm in it. It would look like hell. Are you in? Tim: Troy looked at me like I'm cheap. Troy: Pick it up! Pick it up! But to make a business, you got to show a profit, And if I'm going in the hole before I get started, I'll never get out of the hole. I paid for it. I'm gonna take it home with me. Narrator: Just across the state line, Two shiners get cracking On another grueling day of grunt work. Josh: Get out, cutie pie. Josh and bill are eager to finish off their enormous still And finally start pumping out shine. Josh: I hope we make a lot of money down here Because I sure as hell Don't want to tote this [bleep] out of here If we don't make some cash this time. After setting up a dam the day before, They're checking if the water level has risen high enough To feed down to their still. Start at the dam, work our way down? Yes. But it seems with every step forward, There are two steps back. Josh: Well, we got a problem. Bill: What's that? We ain't got no water. Bill: The reservoir's empty. It's six inches below our pipe. [bleep] The water's been creeping up under our plastic. It's flowing in right around the side over here. The plastic's really not wide enough. We pull it back? We can fix it. It's just gonna take a little work. Josh: You know, I told bill to use cement instead of tarp. Well, as usual, bill's wanting to do things his way. I told you that before we ever put it in here. Is that what you told me? Yeah. Okay. We can maybe dig down, Get the thing tucked in up under it, And get some rocks back on top of it. I think we need a bigger piece of plastic. Y'all think we can peel the rocks up? We need a bigger piece of plastic. Just saying. I think I can make it work. If you work on that all day long until the cows come home, It ain't gonna matter 'cause it's gonna come around the sides. I'm not gonna sit here and work on it all day long When I know that we're just pissing in the wind. I mean, I'm just not gonna do it. You want to work on the soldering, And I'll, uh... If you could fix this by doing that right there, You have at it. I'm gonna figure out something else to do. All right. Josh: When I found that dam in that shape, I just couldn't deal with it. I don't know. I don't even want to talk about it, man. Honestly, I don't. I'm frustrated. Instead of just saying, "I need another $30 for plastic 'cause this really ain't gonna work," He's like... [ imitates chattering ] "no, we'll make this work." [ imitates chattering ] "yeah, we'll make this work." [ imitates chattering ] Narrator: Coming up... Tickle flirts with disaster... And two shiners are up against the ropes. Bill: This definitely looks like it's gonna be a trouble spot for us. I don't know if we're ever gonna get this damn thing done Before shine season's over. Narrator: Deep in the woods of south carolina, A dam has gone bust, And two shiners are barely on speaking terms. Josh: "I want to do it like this. Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah [bleep] Narrator: While bill tries to salvage the setup, A frustrated josh focuses on the still. Josh: I don't see it fixing the dam Without having a bigger piece of plastic 'cause that's the whole problem to begin with. If we had got a bigger piece of plastic, We could have come up a little bit higher on the sides of it, But we still had the same problem With our front edge of it. Instead of just saying, "I need another $30 for plastic 'cause this really ain't gonna work," He's like... [ imitates chattering ] "no, we'll make this work." [ imitates chattering ] Bill: Get this bad boy built back up to the level we need it, And I think we're gonna be cooking with gas. That [bleep] drives me crazy. Bill: This might be where our trouble spot is. We got this solid rock right here. It's irregular-surface rock. That might have been where some of our water was creeping in. I might need to chip out a little bit more of it, Maybe see if I can get our plastic tucked down in the sand. All right. Josh: I'm too frustrated to deal with that. This is something I like. That's something I just don't even want To sit there and argue about, So it'd be a lot easier just to come down here And hammer this out. I don't know if we're ever gonna get this damn thing done Before shine season's over. Bill: The more I look at this thing, it's -- This definitely looks like it's gonna be a trouble spot for us. I think josh might be right. We really just need a bigger piece of plastic on this thing. Crawdad. Tell you what -- live crawdads usually equal pretty good water. These things are pretty hardy. It doesn't -- ow! Ow! Narrator: 150 miles to the west, in graham county... Jeff: Okay, hold it right there. Hold it. Lance: I got it. Lance: I didn't have it. Jeff: [ sighs ] Narrator: After all the crushing setbacks this season... Oh, yeah. ...And two close calls with the cops... Mark, jeff, and lance have all their supplies And are finally ready to get mashed in. Jeff: We got to get our season started. We're behind. I've got every dime I got invested in this thing, And we got a lot at stake here, you know, not just our freedom. Now, this is the biggest one we've mixed, So, you know, we're just gonna mix it Like we would a small batch, but just more of it. We're behind, but we can get caught up real quick. Once jeff adds water To his mixture of grains, malted corn, and sugar, They'll wait for the mash to ferment. Then, it's time to shine. A lot of people, they don't take their time, Buy the cheapest ingredient they can get. If you use all cheap ingredients, You'll have a cheap-tasting liquor. Narrator: Moonshiners have to spend money to make money. By the time he runs his first batch, Jeff will be $20,000 in the hole. Jeff: I'm gonna stick all these bags in. I'm gonna go out and set them on fire. You want to burn all your evidence. They can actually prosecute you. They can charge you for over 10 pounds of sugar. They can charge you for a gallon of liquor Even though you don't have no liquor made. While mark, jeff, and lance are just warming up For their first run, One shiner's season is already catching fire. Tickle: I've finally got some sales going on. It's been a long time coming. A whole lot of work gone into this. Narrator: After ponying up to ship and stash his kentucky shine, Tickle's been cashing in, Peddling 60 gallons Of tim smith's tried-and-true recipe Across the region, Earning $2,000 so far. But he has to stay on guard. The amount of shine he's carrying Could land him in federal prison for up to five years. This guy, he's wanting to meet close to where he works at, This old train yard. It's not like hiding in the woods with it. At the same time, word's traveling fast about this stuff, And the cops are hearing about it like right here. Right here, see, this is another reason I don't like the city. This right here. I'm right here where I'm supposed to be meeting a guy, And there's a cop. The last thing I need is to get caught. I get caught, and there goes everybody's profit. All right. Hey. What's going on, man? $400? Tickle: He knows he wanted five gallons, And he doesn't bring enough money. I don't feel like I got time to sit here And, you know, haggle over price, Which I'm not haggling over price. This costs what it costs. He's gonna sell some of that. He's gonna give me the rest of the money. You know, this isn't a yard sale. Narrator: Coming up... Two old pros usher in a new era... But you love still beer better than anybody I ever seen in my life. Oh, yeah. ...And one shiner's season breaks down. Tim: Hey. Easy. Man. How long is it gonna take? Give us another week. A week? Narrator: Along a secluded creek bed On the edge of eastern tennessee, A centuries-old tradition is taking shape. Digger: You can smell the fermentation's already started. Narrator: With their corn sprouted and ground into meal, Seasoned shiners digger and his partner, mark, Are finally ready to prep their high-proof harvest. Ramsey: We're getting closer, ain't we, digger? Digger: We're almost on it. It's been a decade Since these two turned their back on the outlaw life, But it's taken no time For popcorn sutton's former associates To pick up where they left off. That's pure water. Yep. Digger: We're, right now, on a creek at the edge of our still site. We're gonna call this our mash-in spot. Ah. We don't like to put our mash and our still too close together 'cause if you lose one, you still got the other. We're fixing to make a fresh run of mash today And get it fermenting. It should start percolating by the morning. If I can find my rag. I don't like my mash being real dirty. He stripped all of his clothes off. Boy, I bet that's pretty. I said, "did you still run that liquor?" He said, "oh, yeah." I said, "what did you call it?" [ laughs ] Narrator: Dozens of nicknames have been used For moonshine over the years. The word itself was first brought to america By british settlers some 300 years ago To describe illicit goods smuggled Under the cover of darkness. Since the passage of prohibition, Illegal booze has been known by a variety of code names -- Rotgut, skull cracker, panther's breath, mountain dew, And the most famous, white lightning, Used to signify the clear, colorless appearance Of this american classic. I like the little traps you come up with. That'll let that co2 bubble out of there. Digger: The by-product of fermentation is carbon-dioxide gas. It'll blow the fittings off. It'll blow the lids off our barrels. We lose our mash, we lost our money. Narrator: Most shiners just cover their mash With a piece of wood. But digger's rig goes a step further, Allowing gas to safely get out of the barrel While ensuring nothing else gets in. Keeps our mash sterile by keeping the bugs out it. You'd have an issue with before Where every gnat in the neighborhood comes To a barrel of mash. I don't like gnats getting anything I want the end result of. Do you? Now, this one over here, It should be dead and ready to run. Think it's ready? Yeah, cap dropped on it yesterday. How'd you get that leaf in there? I'm just lucky. Oh, yeah. This is just cadillac'ing right along. Oh, yeah. [ slurps ] It's bitter? [ chuckling ] ooh. Well, it's bitter on the front end, Sweet on the back. Narrator: When all the sugar has been consumed by the yeast, It'll leave a strong, bitter taste, A surefire sign the mash is ready to distill. That's good stuff, though, ain't it? Boy, I love it. But you love still beer better than anybody I ever seen in my life. Oh, yeah. You got to be very careful with it. You drink too much of it, It'll give you the [bleep] something fierce. I'm telling you. Ohh, you'll [bleep] through a keyhole. It looks good, baby. Man, smells good. [ slurps ] [ smacks lips ] Be a shame to turn that into liquor. While mark and digger get ready To run their first batch deep in the wilderness, 70 miles to the east, in asheville, Tim is bringing a taste of the backwoods to the big city. J.C.: Got the tank right over here. We got it welded up. Got the bottom in it. We're back at the fabricating shop, And we're checking on the worm barrel Just to make sure that the guys has got everything together. That coil goes in here... Troy: Yeah. J.C.: ...And you'll have about two inches All the way around the outside of it. Tim: I don't want to be running behind. We got orders coming in. I really got to get this thing back to the distillery And get it going. Looks good. It looks pretty. Excellent job. I see he's got the coil. Troy: I don't know if you're gonna get The sulfates that you want off of just this. Narrator: Moonshiners and legal distillers alike know That copper is essential to good-tasting liquor. The more contact with copper, The more foul-tasting sulfates are removed from the product. Tim: We need to get another coil. How hard would it be to put another coil in there? Just to be -- roll another one. Roll another one? A smaller one, yeah. How long -- is it hard to roll? It's not easy. Yeah, and another 120 feet -- that'd be 240 feet. Can we do it today? Can we do it today? Yeah. Okay. Let's get the copper. Let's get the copper. Come on, come on, come on. Down. It's just very crucial That we hurry up and get this done. I got so many orders. If I don't get all this done, I'm gonna lose those sales. Tim: Hey. Easy. Man. We done broke it loose right there. When you moved it, it looked like it broke. Is it breaking? Yeah, it's bad. J.C. Flattened some of the sides down, And when we did that, We messed up some of the couplings. Lost that -- more money, more time. It's putting pressure on me. All right, what else, j.C.? We got to go. Go get the other one and put in here. Put that one together. We're gonna take this one out. Yeah, I've got to get some more couplings. I'm out of couplings. We wasted this one right here. You gonna go get the coupling now? When are you gonna get the coupling? No, I'm not gonna be able to get it right this moment. I got other jobs I got to get back on. How long does it take to get the coupling? Well, I'll probably have the -- 30 minutes? I'll probably have -- no. You know, we took this and put the one coil in here. You come in and want another coil put in it, And now you're wanting it done immediately. I got other customers, also. So, how long is it gonna take? I don't know. But give us another week. A week? You know? A week? We'll try to get it sooner than that, But right now, let's shoot for a week So we don't disappoint you When it's not ready in three days. Okay. It boiled down to we all had to separate, And he's got to get some more parts. He doesn't have all the couplings to put it together, And all at the same time, We added more time and more money. I can't afford all this stuff. Narrator: Coming up... A first run up in flames... Mark: There's a fire. Jeff: Where? Under the still get it. Bill: We got a little hornets' nest in the bush here. Josh gonna try to get it with a shotgun. I ain't gonna try. I am gonna get it. [ shotgun clicks ] That's what I'm talking about. They going crazy? Bill: Get 'em. Josh: Ha-ha! Yeah! You didn't get it high enough! You didn't get it high enough! [ hornets buzzing ] are you serious? I'm serious. Hit 'em again! They are pissed. [ buzzing continues ] Ugh! [bleep] yellow jackets. I got stung by a yellow jacket in the eyeball. How bad is it, dude? Bill: You got any benadryl in the house? I can't even open my [bleep] eye, dude. You want me run up to the gas station And get some benadryl? If you ask me that again, I'm liable to scream. [ chuckles ] Narrator: In south carolina, Another day and another setback for josh and bill. Josh: Slick in here today. Bill: Yeah, it is. With their dam broken, their still sits dry, And precious days are slipping by. Well, even after I fixed our dam, We still had a problem That the plastic around the sides wasn't quite high enough. Narrator: So now the boys are on to plan "b." Josh: You know, I told bill to get a bigger piece of plastic. Bill: It's damn nasty out. I think he finally come around to my way of thinking. All right, you ready to do this? We got us another bigger tarp out here. Josh: Sometimes, bill is like having three or four left hands, And they're all helpful, But sometimes they kind of work against you. What do you think, bill? Yeah. Yeah. Josh: I can't make you understand my frustration, But at the end of the day, we're still brothers No matter how aggravated we get with each other. Sometimes, I think we could strangle each other, you know? I think we might need to do the same thing with this one Done with the other one is get this front edge tucked up under. I'll bring a shovel and a sledgehammer. I got a sledge down here somewhere. A country boy just does what he can with what he can. Bill: Josh has been working really hard at keeping his temper down, But sometimes I just poke and push on him just enough, But he's usually pretty good about resetting And knowing that I don't mean any harm by him. I just -- yeah, he picks on me, too. We got us a pond, brother. Yeah. I mean, that pot's filling up. What would really be nice is if we had some way Of putting some screening in the front of it To keep anything from flowing in it. Josh: The dam's done. The water supply's in. A lot of the stuff's toted down here. I feel damn good about it. That's a good sign. I'll say that's plenty of pressure. Plenty of flow, plenty of volume. This is a work of art. Been busting a hump with all them rocks and [bleep] Let's take, like, a 10-minute break. We still got some work ahead of us. We ain't out of the woods yet. Josh: [ chuckling ] I saw that, dude. [ laughs ] You sure you don't want a hot dog? Bill: Eat maybe two of them burgers -- that'll be plenty for me. [ siren chirps ] He's stopping behind your truck. Yes, sir? Josh: How's it going, officer? Hey. How you doing? Officer carswell. Campobello police department. Well, I noticed this tag When I was driving through the parking lot. We had a bolo out for a vehicle matching this description For trespassing on some property. We ain't been doing no trespassing. Had a busted taillight. Everything matches the same description. You don't know anything about it? No, sir. What you doing with the metal back here? Bill: I had a roofing job. I had to do a roofing job earlier this week. With copper? Yeah, yeah. It was a copper roof. That metal sure does look A little bit like something you'd do for a roof. It looks like some of the makings Of what would go for a moonshine still. Y'all got any I.D.'s on you? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Mind if I see them just for a second? Narrator: In robbinsville, Mark, jeff, and lance are finally ready To fire up their 760-gallon still. But with zero sales so far And $20,000 of debt piling up fast, Their season hinges on this single run. Once the still's lit and the shine begins to pour, They could be committing at least a half dozen felonies, So mark's making one final perimeter check. Mark: Hunt her up. With over 700 gallons of boiling mash Surrounded by wood on all sides, The boys' setup is a tinderbox waiting to ignite at any moment. Waiting for the moonshine to go to running. Yeah, we're in flash mode now filling jugs. Narrator: This still is built to run around the clock, A first for mark, jeff, and lance, And the reality of 24-hour shining is Just starting to sink in. Mark: Hey, jeff. Jeff: Yeah? There's a fire. Gosh, almighty. Next time on "moonshiners"... Josh: We're gonna have 600 gallons of moonshine in the ground. Narrator: ...Josh and bill go underground... Josh: The cops got us on record. You get caught, you go to jail. Narrator: ...Tickle's mother lode goes missing... Tickle: This place is just a -- it's a maze. Shine may be lost. ...And the law tightens its grip in north carolina. [ siren wails ] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 