Moonshiners: Season 4, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Moonshiners 
 s4e3 - Bullet Proof - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Moonshiners (2011–…): Season 4, Episode 3 - Bullet Proof - full transcript 
 Josh & Bill pick up the pieces of their broken still. Lance tries to brew a moonshine game changer as Deputy Sheriff Chuck closes in. Tim sets out from Kentucky in search of greener pastures. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 She's getting warm. A lot of people -- they work in an office, you know. They working 9:00 to 5:00 job, you know. They're doing paperwork and filling out charts, you know. And us -- we get to do something we love. I guarantee those people go home every day, And they might like their job, but they don't love their job. What we do -- we're able to have some fun. [ laughter ] You don't get to do that in an office building. You would done set the place up and you'd be gotten fired. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 There you go. That's how you do that. Mm-hmm. Yeah, buddy. That'll cure what ails you right there. I don't think I could work in an office building. I just don't think I could handle it. But this out here... ...This is my office. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn Narrator: Tonight on "moonshiners"... We tear something up underneath this thing, boy, we [bleep] Narrator: ...Shiners stranded in the backwoods... Whoa. Chico: Mother[bleep] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Narrator: ...New alliances are forged... Trust me on this. ...While old partnerships break down. We had to do a lot less labor. Put your damn mannies on -- And one cop's case blows wide open. Man: This is how we make the moonshine! Captions paid for by discovery communications Narrator: It's gut check time in shine country. All along the byways of appalachia, Moonshiners are on the move, Careful to stay one step ahead of the law. In a south carolina forest, Two shiners are racking up some early wins. Josh and bill have already brewed 30 gallons of shine Worth nearly $3,000. Whoo-hoo! That's pretty good. Hit the ground running. Well, there you are done getting roots And damn bark and [bleep] in the damn finished product. You gonna worry about one little leaf? But with their latest batch, they made a rookie mistake And took their eyes off their still in the middle of a run. Clear liquor's so far where our market's been at. Dude, what's wrong with making-- [ explosion ] The [bleep] Man, [bleep]damn, [bleep]damn, [bleep]damn. What the [bleep] man? [ coughing ] What happened? Damn if I know. You tell me what happened. Bill: Josh boogered up our still, and honestly, I don't think he got our solder joints right. We clearly had a leak, and finally, Those ethanol vapors hit that flame and it blew up. I can't believe this [bleep] Josh: I'm pretty well speechless. I don't know if we have the wind in our sails To keep on doing this business. This...This is a slap in the face right here. What happened? What happened? Narrator: For three shiners in kentucky, A remote still site has some major drawbacks. Tickle, chico, and tyler are brewing liquor Miles from civilization in a hidden cave. Tickle: I ain't ever in my life seen anything quite like that. Narrator: Their goal is to make $10,000 worth of shine Before their first shipment. Y'all just don't want to do a little walking is what it is. A little walking was about three miles back. But carrying 100 gallons down the trail is nearly impossible. They'll need a plan "b." Yeah. You talking about  all the way back there? You're not gonna be able to make it All the way back there in this truck. Hell, no. What's gonna stop it? I can barely get back there on a damn four-wheeler. I got a chain saw in the truck. Yeah, but you got to think, man, You open up something big enough for this to get through, The damn law can get through there. I tell you what. That's my truck. It's in my name. If the law comes back there, y'all can... I look at it this way. There's a whole lot of stuff need to happen And need to happen quick, And this ain't getting none of that done. Yeah, we spinning our wheels right now, But I'm telling you -- That's what I'm talking about. Wheel. Wheels. I don't think it's gonna make it, But let's see what it'll do. Tickle: I ain't gonna lie to you. I'd love it if the thing would go back there. It'd speed things up a whole lot, but, you know, I don't actually foresee him getting the thing in here. I think he's liable to get stuck. All right. Let me see that. [ chain saw buzzing ] Break it down, boy. Break it down. Coming in. [ engine revs ] Oh, yeah. As rough as this path was getting in here to begin with, Now we're way off of the darn road. We're way back in the woods. It's rough. Tyler: Oh, you better watch out. Oh. Oh. Yeah, yeah. Mother[bleep] Narrator: In graham county, north carolina, Jeff and mark are heading over To their new indoor still site -- An abandoned warehouse on the edge of town. They broke into the building in the dead of night. Now mark and jeff are taking a risk By entering in broad daylight. The new indoor still site offers several advantages Over the backwoods -- Blacked-out windows for privacy, A brand-new ventilation system to hide the smell of mash, Remote cams for extra security, And multiple exits in case neighbors come knocking. Finally, the 15-foot ceiling ensures ample head room To safely house their massive 750-gallon still. Jeff: Look like somebody Started actually taking the building down from the inside And just left it probably for the county to clean up. Yeah, I'm gonna... Narrator: Mark and jeff have a lot to do Before the building is secure to shine in, So they've asked lance to hang back. But lance has a plan of his own, and it could be a game changer. Dad and mark don't need me right now, So I'm kind of hoping to make my own path. There will be sake moonshine. I don't think anybody else has ever tried anything like that. That kind of give me my own shadow to cast, And I can kind of step out from under dad's. Narrator: Sake is a low-proof wine Produced in japan for more than 2,000 years, Originally used for ancient religious ceremonies And even consumed by samurai before battle. Traditionally, sake is made From rice, water, yeast, and a special fungus. To make his sake moonshine, lance is skipping the fungus And running the rice mash through a copper still To produce 100-proof sake shine -- An american twist on a japanese classic. Lance: I'm gonna get my test batches started. We're gonna see if it works. Narrator: Lance has enough mash for a single run, So he's got just one shot to prove himself. Lance: Yeah, you know, moonshining -- It's in my blood, you know? I'm an eighth-generation moonshiner. Dad's side of me. It's important to us To keep the tradition of moonshine like it is. But at the same time, from a business standpoint, We've got to try new things to get new customers. Let's get to cooking. Moonshining, for a long time, it was the same ol', same ol'. So I figure, get a few new ideas going. That way, get a whole new generation Interested in moonshining. So, I believe that's done. Narrator: Lance needs to keep a low profile. Just a few miles away, a lawman is on the hunt. Sheriff's deputy chuck stewart believes One of the local shiners pumped his trail cam full of lead, And he won't rest until he's made a bust. And now he has a list of suspects. Coming up, road rally gone wrong... Chico: Ah! Damn it. Narrator: ...Tim strikes a deal... You're gonna agree to allow me to do it. Well, I pay for this? Just trust me on this. ...And chuck gets his man. Narrator: In the foothills of appalachia, A shiner is heading east. Tim spent the last year brewing moonshine in kentucky, But he learned that even working in a legal distillery Can be dangerous. Tim: I'm driving down the road. I'm thinking about the fire at the distillery. You know, it turned into A criminal-type investigation right off the bat. Narrator: An arson attempt has set him back months. Now tim is on the move, eager to find another partner That can help expand his moonshine empire. Tim: I'm not going back. I'm going forward. Now, in the woods, You go and build another still site somewhere else Because if something happens to this still site, Then you still got the other still site safe. So, I decide to go out and, you know, Get another distillery to help out. Narrator: This distillery represents the next phase For tim's climax moonshine. I come here about three years ago And talk to troy about distilling my product, But she didn't go for it then. Maybe she'll go for it now when I show her what I got. Troy. Oh. Give me a hug. Hey. Good to see you again. How about that? Unbelievable. I'm glad you're finally legal, 'cause last time you were here, you weren't. This is a little different than what I saw before. It's totally different. You had a smaller still. She has about $1 million worth of equipment. It's not the basic, simple moonshine still That I'm used to, And I'm gonna have to some kind of way convince her To allow me to make some changes. We've won some gold medals. I heard about some of them gold medals. [ laughs ] That's kind of the reason I'm here. 'cause I think if we was on the same side -- What do you need? I need to make more product. We've got 1,300 gallons. See, that's double already. I mean, it has to -- The numbers have to work out for me because I am in business. I've got to make troy, you know, bend over backwards for me To just allow me to come in and play a little bit, And I hope it works. I hope so. I looked at your still here, and you have a pot here, And then it runs into these two columns. Right. And this is a very high-end apparatus, I guess. But I really don't think It would make my product taste the same. And to me, you can just take this and just throw it away. Get rid of it. So, we need to come over, Put a doubler in the middle here, And then go over to the condenser. So, I just need three steps. You got -- I don't know, what -- $500,000 on this side that I don't really need for me. Well, that's what I'm real worried about. There's a lot of capital tied up in this distillery. Oh, yeah. If you don't make a profit, Then it's no use having me interrupt your business. I don't want to interrupt your business. I want to add to your business. Well, I pay for this, or would you be paying for this? I tell you what I'll do. We're gonna shake hands on this, And you're gonna agree to allow me to do it, And I'll pay for this. Trust me on this. You help me and I'll help you. Narrator: 70 miles to the south... [ sighs ] I ain't even believing this. ...Josh and bill are picking through the wreckage Of their still explosion, Hoping to salvage enough to get back in the game. If it wasn't for bad luck, we wouldn't have any luck. The explosion is going to cost them weeks of work And possibly thousands of dollars. That's done. That is done. What do you think caused that thing to blow out like that? Bill: I told you your solder job looked like [bleep] Oh, it wasn't my solder job. That definitely wasn't a pressure fire. That was ethanol exploded. It ignited. It ignited. Yeah. Josh: We're not gonna give up. I don't know exactly what we're gonna do yet. I've been trying to constantly look to the positive side. That's what my mama did. All those years fighting that cancer, She always thought positive. I've been trying to be more like that. It's sort of a blessing in disguise 'cause we needed a bigger pot anyway. I mean, I wasn't expecting anything To force us to have to go bigger. Josh: If we go bigger, I think we need to get us a building somewhere And go indoors and build a big, damn still. Something like a permanent install? Any major moonshine bust that you've ever heard of Has been indoors. That tells you that you can get away with it. You know what I mean? Well, not if more people are getting busted indoors. That's not what I mean. What I'm saying is... Okay, never mind. I think there's definitely something to be said For the tradition of having a still in the woods. I mean, that's the way it's been done for hundreds of years. We've got to find another site. Can't believe you're gonna blame that on my soldering. Well, I'm sure if I would've soldered it, It would've got blamed on me. Somehow, still think it's your fault. That's the story you tell yourself. That's what you got to do to get yourself through the day. I just don't know which direction we ought to go. Whatever we build, We're gonna have to step up our operation, I mean, just to keep up. I'm just thinking out loud. How do you feel about a submarine? I've never operated one. I've never messed with one, either. You know, but I do know we can get a lot more liquor out of one Than the little pot stills we've been playing with. Narrator: The black pot submarine still Was developed by virginia moonshiners As a response to the rising cost of copper. Its large size allows shiners to mash in And brew in the same pot. Its inexpensive construction Means it can be quickly abandoned Without a huge financial hit if the law closes in. We're gonna need something definitely bigger Than a little lean-to in the woods for this operation. No matter where we're at, we're gonna be paranoid, right? I think we just need to pick a location and run with it. Josh and bill are inching forward, While 400 miles to the west, Tickle, chico, and tyler are spinning their wheels. The three shiners are struggling to clear a trail To their cave still site. Tickle: We gained a little bit. We got you actually off of the tree. Let me see if I can't back up there to it. You know, chico -- he's pretty doggone stubborn. He just knew good and well he could get his truck back here. What's happened now? We're stuck in the mud. We're beating up against trees with his truck. We're just wasting time, we're wasting money. All right. She's off. She's off. Look, chico. You gonna hit the cab on that rock. I ain't going that way. I'm going this way. Okay. [bleep] that hurt. Chico: Pulling out, I busted my lens, You know, but that's casualties of war. That don't bother me. It is what it is, man. Let's go. As far as me getting back through without killing myself, I'm good to go. At the end of the day... There we go. It's still rough. Tickle: There is a great, big advantage To getting this truck back here. This right here's gonna make it a whole lot faster Getting our grain, our sugar, everything back here, And it's gonna make it that much faster Getting our shine out of here. I can't lie to you. He proved me wrong. We got it in here. I feel like it's been a long day already. Good thing about it -- we're back here. We're ready to make us some damn liquor now. Don't say that just yet, brother. Let's go up there and get this mash and pour it in here. [ grunts ] Well, we'll dump her on there. Fellas. We got a problem. What do you mean we got a problem? Ain't no water coming out of this hose. This thing should be filling up now. It should be, but it's not. Let me run out there and see if I can find something. Tickle: Ain't no water in the worm barrel. That is a big problem. You can't make liquor if you can't cool it down. Oh, yeah. I think I see the problem here. Chico: What is it, bud? What is it? That water's coming over the top of it. That thing's got to be clogged up. Yep, if it's full of water, ought to be coming out up here. I bet some leaves and some trash has got off in there, Or a mouse, or ain't no telling what. Well, now what we gonna do about that? Who's gonna climb up there? I'm not climbing up there. Tickle: There's a lot of potential money Sitting back there. I don't know what we're gonna do, But ain't nobody making no shine, And that ain't making me no money. You got her lit? Ain't no sense in lighting it. We ain't gonna have time to sit and watch it If we got to figure out what the hell else is going on. Well... Coming up, lance is on high alert. Lance: If you don't pay attention to them, That might be the thing gets you busted. Narrator: And it's go big or go home for josh and bill. Can you not see the negative points of it, though? I can see me being really pissed off. Narrator: Shine season is in full swing, And all across appalachia, one by one, Shiners are firing up their stills. But jim tom and his buddy roy have a few days of work left On their own still before they fire up. [ laughs ] The section of the still Where the pot tapers to the cap is called the cape, And it helps channel the vaporized alcohol into the cap. But it's also the trickiest part of the still to build correctly. A flaw in the cape could allow alcoholic vapor to escape, Causing the lit still to burst into flames. [ laughs ] Oh, yeah. [ groans ] With more than 50 years of experience building stills, Jim tom has a few tricks to make sure the cape is a perfect fit. Jim tom: All right. [ chuckles ] Just a few miles away, a young shiner wants to prove That he's ready for the big time. Just make sure I got room for everything. Narrator: Lance hopes his sake shine Will be his ticket to the majors. His mash is almost ready to go. Now all he needs is a secure spot to brew. It makes me a little nervous to be doing this on my own. Having my own still site Is gonna help dad and mark see me as more responsible. We're gonna head up here to an old, abandoned site. This is where we're gonna set up my little still For these test batches. Narrator: Because of their access to clean running water, Old hunters' camps usually make ideal shine locations As long as they're really abandoned. We just got to get in and get out without being seen. Make sure that it's secure. I feel good about this place, But at the same time, it's kind of got me on edge. But that's a good thing to be because if you're on edge, You're gonna pay attention to things That you might not pay attention to normally. And if you don't pay attention to them, That might be the thing to get you busted. I'm gonna go ahead and cover it up Just to make sure nobody be able to see anything. Believe this place is gonna work perfect for me. Narrator: Across the state line in south carolina, Josh and bill have got a second wind. When this thing pays off, it's gonna be a big payoff. We're gonna be filling five-gallon buckets Like we're switching jars, right? Their first still went up in flames, But they aren't backing down. They're going bigger. Well, I got this spot in mind. We can drive right to it, But it's on the side of a mountain. We're gonna go right by a big waterfall, The whole nine yards. And it's gonna be secluded enough for our mash to be working? But you can't really get to it other than this one little road, And I think you'll like it. Come on, girl. Whoo-hoo. [ sighs ] Right here. Oh, man. Dang. The spot's right there. Look. Look. Look. Mosquitoes and poison ivy And a big-ass hill's all I see so far. See, the submarine sit perfect right here. I'm wore out just getting my ass up this hill, you know, And that's not even toting them 200, 300, 400 pounds at a time worth of equipment. I'm tired of working hard, man. We're trying to work smart at this level. Can't we set up further  down the hill or something? This is the only flat spot. If we try to put a 1,000-gallon pot in these woods, Here's what I see. We're gonna be dragging grain up and down the hill. We're gonna be taking 125 gallons per shot Out of the woods. Good cover. Good water. But access, man. I just can't believe I find a site, And then you want to shoot it down. What? Can you not see the negative points of it, though? I can see me being really pissed off. I'm not trying to shoot your ideas down. I'm just trying to point out -- Got everything we want -- cover, water...Hard as hell to get to. Yeah, it's hard to get to. Well, then you ain't gonna have no other [bleep] Coming up on you in here. You know, I'm trying to be positive about it, But it's just got "nightmare" written all over it, man. Oh, my god. And we just got to find another option. He wanted to argue about this and that, But we got all these orders that we need to fill. People are wanting liquor, and hell, we don't have it. This moonshining [bleep] ain't all it's cracked up to be, man. Narrator: Coming up, lance puts his sake shine to the test. And the wells run dry in kentucky. We got them tools in the truck. Knowing my luck, I throwed it out. We probably screwed, son. Narrator: A moonshiner's setup is only as good As his worst piece of gear. And in kentucky, tickle, chico, and tyler Have just found the weakest link... Fellas. We got a problem. Ain't no water coming out of this hose. ...A kink in their waterworks That's just put their entire operation on hold. That water's coming over the top of it. That thing's got to be clogged up. Let me go over there and look in the truck. We got them tools in there Where we was pulling that wire out there at that barn. Knowing my luck, I throwed it out with a coat or something. We probably screwed, son. This right here is a fish tape. What it does -- it's made to pull wire with. You push that through your pipe, and it'll run. It's 200 feet long. What we gonna do is run it up in that hose And try to punch through them leaves Or whatever it is that's hung in there And get a water flow so we can get this liquor fired up. Imagine when you hit it, you'll feel it. Oh, yeah. Chico: You done catch it on something? I think it's that barb in the hose. Oh, yeah, where the joint is. Yeah. Pull that thing apart, tickle, while you down there. There you go. Right there's your clog, jack. Yeah. Hot damn. Let me do it again. Do it again. Tickle: Do it again. That's her. That [bleep] packed in there. Oh, yeah! Plug it off. We don't want to waste it. That's got some pressure right there. That's what I'm talking about. We back in the grind. Chico: I'm ready to roll. I'm gonna turn the gas on here. Go for it, boss. You got gas. She's live. There we go. I love hearing that. Won't be long. This thing will be heated up. Oh, you know what? That thing's a-thumpin'. Is it? Yeah. Oh, I can hear it. And I believe it won't be long. I tell you, it ain't far off. We got some shine coming out here. Oh, yeah. We got a little bit coming out of there. Got a little shine coming out of there. Let's catch some of this in here. Tickle: Let's see what kind of proof we got on this thing. Well, I figure it ain't no higher than 200. I'm gonna put it there. [ chuckles ] Narrator: Just a couple shakes of a jar, And an experienced shiner Can quickly tell the strength of a batch. Oh [bleep] yeah. The faster the big bubbles disappear, The more potent the proof. Proof's coming off between 140, 160. Tim smith's recipe's done us right. I tell you what. I'm figuring after this run right here, We're gonna have enough to go on ahead and haul up to virginia. I can go ahead and start getting rid of it. Send us some money back. I just got one question. [ laughs ] Narrator: Over in graham county... ...Lance's sake is ready to brew. Lance wants to increase the proof Of traditional sake threefold. If he succeeds, he'll prove himself worthy Of equal partnership in mark and jeff's operation. But he only has enough ingredients for one run. I'm whittling a stick to go in the end of my worm. You kind of want to do this Just to keep any liquid from running back up the worm. If that happens, it's gone, you know? It's wasted. I've got about three leaks that kicked up Just in the time that I was whittling that out, But that goes to show you perfectly If you ain't paying attention, things will go awry. I love making liquor. There's nothing more relaxing Than sitting there by a still and watching some shine run. It's something that you'd have to do to understand. Thing shouldn't leak on me now. I really hope that sake is worth drinking. That was perfect timing right there. We got liquor. Well, let's see what proof you are. Narrator: If the sake shine doesn't hit at least 100 proof, He won't be able to sell it. 35. That's really weak. Maybe the rice didn't ferment right or something. Gonna be a trial-and-error thing. Narrator: The proof may be good enough for wine, But not for shine. Lance: That sake moonshine is roughly a wine cooler right now. I didn't get the liquor. 35. I just don't get that. Narrator: Coming up, chuck zeroes in... ...And time is almost up for josh and bill. Put your damn mannies on and -- [ squealing ] Can you help me understand why we bought two pigs? Josh: Well... [ pig squealing ] ...Look at them. They're cute. My daughter loves them. By this fall, hell, they'll be ready to throw on the grill. There's no way you're gonna eat these pigs. [ pig squealing ] Your daughter ain't gonna let us put them on the roaster? Phew. Let's go make some liquor. That sounds like a plan. Come on, bacon. [ squeals ] Narrator: During the busy shine season, time waits for no one. In south carolina, josh and bill are getting desperate. Josh: I got a buddy out in the city's been begging me for it, In large quantities, too. And then the big man, He's wanting all he can get his hands on. We got established clientele just waiting for us, And we ain't even got a still up and running. Narrator: With plans for a huge submarine pot But no place to put it, Thousands of dollars are slipping away. You know, we've been talking about going bigger, you know. We're building a bigger still. But I'm close to the point Just going to get a couple sheets of copper And just building a little 30-gallon pot. Oh, give me a damn break. Just so I can get back up and running, man. Just bear with me, 'cause I've still got a spot in mind. I'm down for about anything. We're running out of options. And we're running out of time. Bill: We got to find a still site, like, yesterday. I'm losing hope. As far as I know, This is supposed to be a spring head. Like, it's supposed to be a spring Right out of the earth up here. Man! We just build a little dam upstream, trap the water. It looks perfect to me. I mean -- and I ain't just saying that 'cause we're out of options. We got plenty of room. We got basic cover. Think there's enough water here? Enough clean water? You know, it's coming right out of the earth Right up there a couple hundred yards. I love this spot. I think we might've found the right creek. I'm gonna walk up through here and take a look. I know josh want to get in the woods And make liquor just as much as I am. Right up here is a nice, big flat spot, bill. But he kind of spins his wheels Trying to get things just right sometimes. Look. The still fit perfectly right in here. He changes his mind more than a damn woman. Bill, this is a way better spot. How is this a better spot? This much farther up from the road. You're acting like you got to hike a football field Up and down the damn mountain. How you think we gonna get the propane cylinders? You been bitching -- No, no, no, no, no. You been hard-headed this whole time About all the bull[bleep] details. You about damn talked me out of this spot. You act like it's 100 damn miles over here. We'd have to do a lot less labor if we built it down there. Why's everything always an argument with -- 'cause every time you open your mouth, That's another damn four months of damn hard labor off my life. Bill wants to argue, and I'm gonna argue, too, Because I know I'm right. Put your mannies on. Put your damn mannies on and let's do it. Have to do a lot less labor If we damn built the [bleep] down there. Instead of arguing about it, put your mannies on -- Listen, bill. For this open area to do anything I want to And not have to worry about being seen... I'll trade having to hump a little bit of stuff 20 yards further Any old day of the week, brother. We've got to make a decision. Let's get rolling. This is the damn spot right here, brother. I don't necessarily know if this is the best spot, But we'll go with it. We're wasting so much time trying to find other spots. Hell with it. Let's -- okay. Let's go with this. It is a good spot. Narrator: Over in graham county, north carolina, A lawman is closing in. Sheriff's deputy chuck stewart is determined to track down The shiner he believes shot up his trail camera. We got a 30-30 shell casing here. Narrator: After reviewing the list of suspects, Chuck uncovered a key piece of evidence. Now he's heading back to the local gun shop To get some more answers. Never know what's gonna happen, so better to be prepared. Narrator: Next time on "moonshiners"... Troy: That thing is getting ready to fall. ...Tim's new setup comes crashing down... Come on! Come on! Come on! ...Josh and bill lock horns... The reason I agreed for that spot Was that we were gonna bring it in it. The reason you agreed on that spot Was because it's the only damn spot we could find. Don't give me that horse [bleep] Right on, man. ...And the kentucky boys hit rock bottom. Damn. It's bottomed out. Man, I folded my exhaust plug up. I'm done, boys. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 