Moonshiners: Season 4, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Moonshiners 
 s4e2 - Moonshine Cascade - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Moonshiners (2011–…): Season 4, Episode 2 - Moonshine Cascade - full transcript 
 Tickle and Tyler need to fix a bad feed line and get back to work at the moonshine cave. Jim Tom and Roy build the still that will carry them to greatness. Josh and Bill are sidelined with ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I mean, think about it. You're taking some corn, some water, A little packet of some powdered yeast, some sugar, The [bleep] starts bubbling in a day or so, Starts doing its thing, it starts getting a funky smell. You take that and you put it In a damn pot and you put some fire under it, And the steam that comes off of it Will get you tore up from the floor up. It don't get much better than that. It's just fascinating. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I love it when that whiskey starts burning. I love making moonshine, And there's nothing that's gonna stop me. You're gonna have to lock me up and throw away the key, And then I'm still probably gonna be making moonshine In my toilet seat. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn Narrator: Tonight on "moonshiners"... Hang on. ...Shiners on edge... Boy, the [bleep] y'all get me into. ...A legend is exposed... ...Unwelcome visitors... [ clatter ] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Mark: What was that? ...And a season up in flames. Bill: He's talking about changing our business plan Just so he can go on a date with this girl. Clear liquor's, so far, where our market's been at. Dude, what's wrong with making -- What the [bleep] Man: This is how we make the moonshine! Captions paid for by discovery communications Narrator: As appalachia sheds its last traces of winter, The outlaws return, stocking up, Mashing in, and getting their stills ready to shine. But on a backcountry road in south carolina, Two shiners are savoring an early win. I think we about got our process perfected, man. We know every way not to do it. In the past, when most moonshiners Were shutting down for the year, Josh, bill, and cutie pie were only getting up to speed. But this season, They've already made $800 on nine gallons of shine... We got some coming out. Right on. ...And have another 10-gallon run ready for the market. Time for the taste test. I do too much taste-testing, I ain't gonna be worth a damn for the rest of the day. I always find myself buzzed And then wanting to pass out before the end of the run. I about would like to see a couple more leaves On these trees. No kidding, right? We pulled off pretty much a flawless run -- our first run of the season. Looks like we're looking good so far. I don't want to jinx us, but it's gonna be a good season. Come on, cutie pie. Let's go get some liquor. I think we got most of the kinks worked out here lately, man. We've got nothing to do but get this thing rolling. Dude. What the [bleep] [bleep] man. What'd you do? I didn't do that. You was the last one down here working the thing. Did you pass out? I ain't done nothing to it. What you talkin' 'bout, "what did I do to it?" I shut it off, and I went home. You didn't unhook nothing? He ended up not cracking the cap. The thing chilled out. It damn sucked in. It crunched up like a damn, old piece of [bleep] beer can. Narrator: During distillation, to keep the still from exploding, Shiners seal every air leak. But when the run is complete and the still begins to cool, The condensing vapor creates a vacuum. If the shiner doesn't remember to take the cap off And allow air back in, the still will crumple. Five minutes ago, we were on top of the world, And we had a plan on how we're gonna get it right this season. Man [bleep] happens. I ain't perfect. How we gonna get liquor out of a pot looking like that? [ sighs ] I thought we was gonna make some moonshine. What's your suggestion? What are we gonna do with it? When I used to race motorcycles, We'd put caps on the end of our pipes, And we'd put air to it And hit it with a rosebud on the end of a torch And eat up the creases and blow them back out. But the problem is, when we blow that back out, It's gonna poke a hole in it. So I guarantee you we'll have to put a patch on it. We can fix it, but it won't never be the same. Josh: I thought we were gonna hit the ground running this year, But it looks like we're gonna already start off with some obstacles in our way. I'm disgusted. Narrator: 120 miles to the west, A legend is buying copper for a new 35-gallon still... ...And might have attracted some unwanted attention. Miniatures are small-scale stills Used for personal distillation, And jim tom's are the best in the region. Well, we made it. With the copper in hand, roy and master still builder jim tom Can build the pot in about a day. The secret to jim tom's work is the flatlock seam, A leakproof seal that will prevent vapor from escaping. [bleep] you just get down there, And we'll slide it up under that seam. After interlocking the two ends, He'll hammer the seam flat and lay the solder to it. Building a still is like making liquor. You don't get no big hurry, 'cause when you get in a big hurry, That's when you mess up stuff. Well, that there flat-heated. That's in good shape. Looks pretty good. Narrator: 250 miles to the northwest, Three shiners have just found the promised land. Tickle: Holy [bleep] I ain't never in my life seen anything quite like that. Tickle and the kentucky boys needed a secure site to shine, So tyler found them one -- a giant prehistoric cave. This place right here -- it's a wonderful place to make shine. Narrator: The caverns that dot the appalachian mountains Have long been used by outlaws of all stripes For stashing stolen loot, counterfeiting, Or hiding from the law. For shiners, they were perfect hideouts for making liquor Away from the prying eyes of revenue agents. Moonshine operations Like those in the forbidden caverns of tennessee Pumped out so much liquor during the prohibition era That moonshining became The number-one commercial use for caves in state history. Come on over here, and let me show you something, here. Chico: Well, I didn't even see that sitting there. Got a 450-gallon of mash laying here And it done worked off and it's ready to go. See a whiff of that. Uh-huh. I can smell it from here. I can smell it from here, boy. She's ready to roll. That's gonna be some high-octane stuff, coming off there, too. Yeah, that's gonna be some of that good, old tim smith liquor. I can smell it, tim's recipe. Yeah. Only thing we got to do now -- Figure out how to get that water over here. I got an idea, and it might not be safe getting it up here, But I think that it's gonna work. Tyler: If I can get up there to the top of that cave And take some kind of a tub or a bucket of some kind And hang it over the edge Where it'll catch that water as it falls off -- You're talking about up there? Yeah, all the way to the top, right there at the center. Tickle: Look how far up it is. There would be the easy way of bringing it in with a pump, But we don't want to put out some big, loud pump sound Echoing off this cave. This ain't gonna be no safe or easy task, by no means, But we'll have a hell of a setup, And it won't make no racket at all. I say, why don't we figure out how to get up there and see what we got to do? Narrator: Outlaw moonshiners have always sought cover in nature. But 200 miles away, for the first time ever, One group of shiners Are planning to leave the woods behind. If this didn't get done, we'd have to be on edge all the time. Narrator: Lance has put in long hours sitting surveillance On a warehouse jeff and mark say has been empty for years. Lance: Now, this is a tedious job, But you can't trust this kind of job to anybody else. Narrator: And with a mammoth still That could potentially earn 7,500 tax-free dollars per run, There's a lot riding on this spot. Lance: I know my notes. I know what time people come by this way. I know it got done right. Nobody's coming around to check on this place. It's completely abandoned. Just a real basic padlock. Bolt cutters will let us right in there. Headed down to tell dad and mark That I think this place is gonna work. Mark: There's lance. Well, it's been watched. Did you see anybody? We're good to go. A few people drove by, But they ain't even got out or anything. Good. When it gets a little darker, Let's go bust the lock off that thing, go see what it is. Sounds good to me. Lance, why don't you run up to the house And get that set of bolt cutters And meet us here when it gets dark? All right. Narrator: Mark has reason to be cautious, Because there's a lawman gunning for him. After discovering a moonshine drop box... ...Deputy sheriff chuck stewart Set up surveillance around the perimeter. He returned to find his trail camera shot and destroyed. We got a 30-30 shell casing here. Narrator: Chuck may have lost a camera, but he hit the jackpot. Coming up, it's do or die for josh and bill... I'm afraid it's gonna tear right there. There's no options. We have to get this fixed. ...Tim burns a bridge... I'm trying to get more production done, But he's expanding his office. You're not doing what you're 'posed to do. Narrator: ...And taking moonshine to new heights. Tyler: That's a long ways up. Chico: And I can't catch you. You're gonna hit the ground. Boy, the [bleep] y'all get me into. Narrator: A moonshiner can spend countless hours and considerable cash Building a still, But it can all fall apart in a matter of seconds. After last night's run, Josh forgot to loosen the cap, which caused an implosion. We're gonna need, what, fittings for this? Piece of pipe, solder, the torch. They've got $2,000 in sales lined up, But without a still, they're dead in the water. Bill: If we don't get this fixed... There's no options. We have to get this fixed. We got mashes ready to go, And I'm not starting another season three steps behind. We've got to get this right. What do you want to do? You gonna lay it down up here? Narrator: Josh's plan is to warm the dents with a blowtorch, Then use an air compressor To inflate the still back to its original shape. I'm not sure how good it's gonna turn back out. It's got to work. It's in pretty bad shape. We'll see what happens. [bleep] Sure it's not your first time? Why don't you point that a different direction Than where our flammable gas tanks are? How about you shut up for a change? All right, hit it. Hold on, hold on, whoa. Hold on, hold on, hold on. All right, go ahead. Put a little pressure on it. I'm nervous how that's gonna come out, man. I'm keeping it steady, there, man. I'm afraid it's gonna tear right there. I knew it was gonna tear right there. I told you. Cut that off a second. I'll see if it's leaking anywhere else. We'll just get a little spot of solder on it. Let's just continue what we're doing for a minute. I'm really hoping the torch and the air compressor's the way to go, 'cause if it's not, it's right back to square one. You done got that copper there 700 degrees, there. Bill didn't think we was gonna be able to blow all those dents out of there, But I've fixed enough dirt-bike pops That I was pretty confident we was gonna get it blowed out. It's looking pretty good. Keep going, bill. Get your ass out of my face. Huh? Get your ass out of my face. God, you're a pain in the ass. Bill: This morning, when we came in and saw the still crunched in like that, I was about ready to go back to the house. Heat that copper up, make it penetrate. We got it pressurized back out, Got our pinhole soldered back up. Oh, it's in there. Okay. Move that hand. Then we beat a couple dents out. We got it licked, man. It's just like a racecar. Hell, it don't go fast till you put the first dent in it. [ laughs ] Let's go make some shine. Narrator: Just outside lebanon, kentucky, After a mysterious arson attempt, Tim is struggling to keep the distillery producing shine. It's hard enough going from illegal side to legal side, And once I get started, you know, there was an arson fire. It's not, like, an accident. They stopped me from producing moonshine for a little while, And we're gonna wrap up production Once this construction gets done. Steve beam called me. He says, "hey, I got construction guys there working." We're gonna get back and see what's going on. Tim: Steve. Hey, tim. What are you doing over here? We're putting in new offices. Yeah, but what about the construction On the outside of the building? What's going on? We're gonna get to that. I don't see nothing happening. It just takes more time to do all that. I'm trying to get expansion done, And I'm trying to get more production done, But he's expanding his office. We moved the paperwork from down here up there, And that'll give us some more room in here. That's where we're starting. You got to start somewhere. Office don't make moonshine. He's all about this paperwork. To me, the still running, another still, More mash, more tanks, more production. Paperwork comes after the production, Not paperwork  before the production. I can't believe it. Steve: We meet his numbers every month. I'm doing what he asked me to do. That's all I can do. I got to make more -- that's all there is to it. I just got to make more product. I don't know what the... Well... You're still making it. All right, I'm gonna concentrate on making more moonshine. So I guess you concentrate on making...Yourself an office. Well... You're not doing what you're 'posed to do. That's not it. All right. [ groans ] Narrator: 125 miles to the northeast, the boys are eager To get shining in their new cave still site... Tyler: I feel a lot better about having to walk all that way. Narrator: ...A location known only to tyler's blood relatives... Until now. Tyler: Oh, mercy. Narrator: But a cave this secure has one major problem -- The water supply is 150 feet up. Tickle: If we had a damn motorized pump down here, It's gonna be making a lot of noise, and we can't have that. Narrator: Tyler has an ingenious plan, but it comes with risks. Now, what I was thinking -- I got a little contraption made, And what we're gonna do Is hang this joker right here up off of that waterfall. They'll hang the collection tub 150 feet above the ground, Directly in line with the cascading falls. Once collected in the tub, gravity will feed The ice-cold spring water down a hose to the condenser barrel. Chico: You figured out how you're gonna get up there? Well, I figure we can walk down this holler here And see if we can find a way up. It ain't gonna be no fun job packing that damn thing up. I mean, that's a long ways up, But I don't imagine that's more than 150 foot up there. We got this. We got some rope here. You reckon you can tote that up there on the end of a rope? Oh, yeah. I could probably -- Well, I'll volunteer to sit here and tie it off. Throw me rope, I'll tie it off, and you can hoist it up. That way, you walk up there by yourself. You don't need to extra weight trying to get up there. That rock where that water's coming off -- All that lime and slick [bleep] up there, You're liable to step on it and slip off, And once you go too far, there ain't no turning back. And I can't catch you. You're gonna hit the ground. It's gonna be a splat. Tickle: You ain't kidding. Narrator: Tickle and tyler will make the treacherous climb... Let's get up this damn hill. ...While chico provides ground support down below. Somebody had to stay down here on the ground. I was glad to volunteer to do so. You can see the top of that rock up there. Yeah, I'm gonna take your word, 'cause I ain't been on it. I do want to tell you -- there's rattlesnakes down in this area. There's copperheads. Bad, bad dudes. Mm-hmm, watch that. Better be careful. We up awful high to be falling now. Watch this tree here. It ain't rooted very good. Aah [bleep] [ muffled vocalizing ] I wonder if they heard that. My old man taught me a long time ago to work smarter, not harder. So I'll sit here, wait on them. It don't hurt my feelings none. It's breath time. We got to be getting close to that crick. I hear the water. Now, be careful. I see the edge right here. Chico! We got this cable. We run it down to chico. It'll be hooked onto the tub. It's gonna catch the water. I'm gonna try to get down here on this next ledge To run the cable down, which is probably not the best idea. Oh, we got her now. Tyler, now, you watch your ass. Hang on. You don't want to make no mistakes When you're doing [bleep] like this. Mnh-mnh. [ breathes deeply ] Boy, the [bleep] y'all get me into. Narrator: Coming up, a lesson in breaking and entering. Now, you try to take this. I see a car coming. Stay back. And josh and bill put their repaired still to the test. Josh: Putting a fire to it, sometimes, the thin metal will just blow out on you. Let's face it -- with our luck, anything's possible. Narrator: Deep in the kentucky wilderness... Hang on. Oh, we got her now. ...At the mouth of a massive cave, Tickle and the kentucky boys are about to make moonshine history. Tickle: Tyler, I see exactly what you're talking about. They're going to hang a tub 20 feet below the edge of a waterfall. That's where she's coming off at, right there. But it's another 130 feet to the limestone below. Boy, the [bleep] y'all get me into. I hope they enjoyed their hike. Just hang on. That's a long way down. I don't ever want to find out what that's like. You got that cable ready to come down? Right on. That done took somebody's ear off. Let me get situated, here. I don't want to slip off the edge of this damn thing. All right, bubs! She's all yours! Oh, yeah. [ grunting ] Yeah, boy. I hear it. Yeah, I can see it coming up now, tyler. There you go. We get the hose up here, Hooked to that thing, we'll be ready to roll. You ain't in an easy spot right there To be working on anything. Well, it'd be a short ride to the bottom, And there'd be a big splat when we get there. Very possible it will not be open-casket. These rocks down here are slick. That water's cold. Now we'll just pull this hose up here to the edge of this rock. All right, bubs. Bring her to you. Bet that hose is heavy, hooked to that thing. [ grunting ] All right, we're gonna get a little sketchy right here in this creek. I'm just gonna run a standard hose clamp on here, Put it on that hose and slip it on this nozzle. All right. Easy does it. This thing's gonna get heavy quick Once it starts filling up with water. Oh, yeah. Just a little bit more, bub. Want it to come down a little bit more. All right. About how much farther do I need to go? A little more. See if you could leave it Hung there on that ledge! Hold on just a second! Whoa, right there. All right, whoa. I believe that's got her. Yeah, here we go. Yeah. There's water coming out of it big-time. They didn't walk up there for nothing. That worked great. That will absolutely be perfect. Tyler: Ain't one thing about it. I'd say nobody else has ever set up a water system To cool the worm on a moonshine still like we're doing right here. Tickle: Well, there ain't too many people using a waterfall To cool their darn worm, anyway. No. I can't say that I've ever cooled my worm in a waterfall. I can't say that I have, either. [ laughter ] Narrator: On the other side of the appalachians, Josh and bill Have restored their crushed still to working order... Man, I'm glad we got that still fixed, man. ...Rescuing their moonshine season from an early grave. I didn't think we was gonna be able to pull it off in less than a day. The dents are gone. The still is patched. It's time to shine. I can't believe how much better it looks. Oh, it's got character. We're ready. All we got to do is get the mash down here. Got enough there? Keeping mash next to your still guarantees more charges... That's where it needs to be. ...So josh and bill pump it in from hundreds of yards away. I'll have it up and running in less than two minutes. All right. That sounds good. Seasoned shiners know that moonshining is always risky. I believe that's it! But running liquor in a damaged still Is a game of russian roulette. Josh: Putting a fire to it, sometimes, the thin metal will just blow out on you. Let's face it -- with our luck, anything's possible. Cutie pie, get out of there. God, dog. Bill: She's cranking. She's cranking. I'll just kick back and pick a couple tunes or something While this thing's heating up. Bill: Right on. How many people you got wanting liquor? I got some really big things in the works. Some of it's across state lines. I just say let some of them come meet on this side of the state line. It's good money, though. The less traveling we could do, then, the better. But I got some good ways to hide it. [ metal clicks ] she just thumped. You hear that? [ laughs ] That's good and hot. That's good and hot. Come on, miss cutie pie. Want to go get some liquor? Come on, girl. Let's go get some liquor! It's about time. Coming off the worm today. There she comes. There she comes. That's what I'm talkin' 'bout. [ laughs ] hit the ground running. We had a hiccup. We fixed it. It's just a miracle that we're able to get through a run without something happening. It smells good. [ exhales sharply ] it's hot, but it's good. Josh: Today was actually kind of a bump-free day. We actually got to make about 11 gallons of moonshine, And I got to tell you, it was well-deserved. Narrator: Josh and bill have reason to celebrate. 11 gallons can bring in $1,100 on the open market, tax-free. After fixing the still, man, We ain't had no roadblocks since. Over in the smoky mountains, under the cover of night, Three moonshiners prepare for a new dawn. Mark, we'll circle this block, here, a time or two, And make sure There ain't nobody walking the streets or nothing. Mark, jeff, and lance are on their way to break into The abandoned building they've been scoping out. It's the first step in shifting Their multigenerational backwoods tradition indoors. We're going to go in, see what this thing looks like on the inside. Mark: I see a car coming. Stay back. Stay back. The last thing they need now is a breaking-and-entering charge Tacked on to a moonshining felony. Hey, jeff, turn that lantern off. Turn it off. [ speaking indistinctly ] Everything looks good. Now, you try to take this. Shut that door back. [ clatter ] What was that? Coming up, cave shining... Get me some gas. There we go. ...And josh is on the prowl. She's a pretty sweet, little, old gal. Bill: He's talking about changing our business plan Just so he can go on a date with this girl. Narrator: It's the dead of night in north carolina. You try to take this. Mark, jeff, and lance Are breaking into an abandoned warehouse, On the prowl for the perfect indoor still site. [ clatter ] But they may not be alone. What was that? Lance: You hear that? Something fell. Yeah. Nobody in here. [ chuckles ] I hope not. I don't know how they'd have got in here. Some possums, coons. Jeff: This is a little off of the traditional moonshining, But, you know, you got a roof over you, If it's pouring rain, you can keep right on running. I think we've got a perfect still site. Nerves get with you like that. Let's get out of here. Narrator: The sun's come up over south carolina, Where josh and bill's first two runs Have yielded 20 gallons of premium 100-proof moonshine. We're gonna start to be in the black before too long, instead of in the hole. Finally getting ahead of the game -- finally. If we can stay out of trouble. With $2,000 in sales lined up today, These two are finally on their way To becoming profitable moonshiners. I ain't known him for too long. I don't guess he's a lawman, but he seems a pretty good dude. How about it? How about it, man. Good to see you, man. Good to see you. I told you we could get you some good liquors. We're gonna try to keep her coming. All there? All there. I trust you. All right, buddy. Good to see you, man. Damn good seeing you. $1,000. Sweet and smooth and easy, just like that, man. It's about time we're bringing in some serious cheddar. Who are we selling this liquor to? This just little, old chick. I actually met her at church. You met her at church. [ laughing ] yeah. Ain't nothing wrong with that. My mama calls that "thirsting after righteousness." She's a pretty sweet, little, old gal. She's a good-looking little thing, too. Right on, right on. She knows where to meet us, don't she? Yeah. There she is, right there. How you doing? She ain't bad-looking, is she? No. I wish we did. I've been thinking about that, though. She asked him about if we had any apple pie. So far, our reputation has been clear liquor -- Good, clear moonshine. But I'll make you some. Okay. Bill: Now it's kind of sounding Like he's talking about changing our business plan Just so he can go on a date with this girl. You're a lot better looking Than the last person I sold moonshine to. I don't think cutting it down with fruit is the direction I want to go. You got a boyfriend? [ giggles ] Really?! [ laughs ] She just laughed at me. Can you believe that? Shot down! [ laughs ] Narrator: As the moon rises, The kentucky shiners are just starting their shift. Tyler: We look like witches conjuring up some [bleep] Chico: We're gonna brew something, for sure. Tickle, chico, and tyler Are starting their first run at the cave still site. I'll tell you what. I feel like I've had my ass whipped today. Tickle: You ain't kidding. But you know what? Our water source is working great for us. She's full of water. The water cools the copper worm, Condensing alcohol vapor into liquid shine. What tyler and tickle done up there on that hill, You know, I never thought of harnessing that that way. That works real good. Now, after we got it set up, We ought to be pretty productive at this place. Hang on just a second. We're gonna have to use that torch. I can't get up in there good with this thing. Here. Chico: It's hard. Get me some gas. That right there. There you go. All right. There we go. Oh, it's a good burn. She's hot here, and I'll tell you what -- We're getting hot enough that right over here, you can't hardly touch her. I can smell it. Yeah, yeah. It ain't gonna be but another couple of minutes, We're gonna have some liquor coming out of that thing. It's gonna feel good to see something coming out of that spout. Yes, sir, yes, sir, yes, sir, uh-huh. Boys, I've been waiting for this the better part of a week. Mmm-mmm-mmm. Quit hogging it. We're starting to get some shine flowing here, Which means we're gonna start getting some money flowing. I'm extremely pleased with how everything has turned out. A lot of hard work to it, but you know what? We got it going. We're gonna make enough money, we're gonna make enough liquor, It's gonna blow y'all's minds. I don't care nothing about my mind getting blowed Long as my pocket gets fat. It's gonna do that, too. I just want you to go back to virginia, And you lay down in your bed, And you don't worry about the kentucky boys. We we can handle this [bleep] Well, these kentucky boys, they do things just a little bit Different than what we do in virginia, But that ain't always a bad thing. There we go. Narrator: Coming up, tensions ignite. What's wrong with making apple pie?! Clear liquor's, so far, where our market's been at. Dude, what's wrong with making -- What the [bleep] Look, I know what this is, right here. It's a throne, man. It's where the caveman -- you know, The big, old caveman -- you know, the one in charge. He sits right here. He got his main cavewoman sitting right up here. You can even see a little butt print right there where -- She's a big, old girl, I reckon. A little spot right here for whatever magical stuff He was smoking or drinking or whatever. He had his damn coconut full of shine sitting here, 'cause, you know, they was making that stuff, too. Then he just looks over all of his other peon cavemen That was below him, you know? This is ancient stuff, man. Not too many people get to -- I bet my ass is the first one to sit here Since the caveman's ass. I'm willing to bet. Narrator: On a lonely north carolina road... ...A shiner made a fatal error, And a lawman was there to pick up the pieces. Chuck: We got a 30-30 shell casing here. Narrator: Deputy sheriff chuck stewart is closing in On the shiner who shot up his trail cam. Across the state line, in the south carolina piedmont... Get this mash pumped down the hill, Make this run, collect some more dollars. ...Josh and bill are experiencing something For the first time -- success. Right on, right on. By staying cautious and remaining focused, They're steadily building a reserve of both liquor and cash. Easy, now. We got a lot of work to do. [ exhales deeply ] Bill: It's early in the day, and josh drinking already. I can already see which direction this day's gonna take. When he starts drinking this early, It ain't gonna be long that we're gonna be fighting. Why do you always got to be giving me a hard time? We've got a bunch of work to do, man. You're over there -- I'm just enjoying a little bit of our fine product. You look like you're enjoying it a little bit too much already. We got a bunch of work to do. Josh: Bill wants to argue and bicker about everything. We ain't even got the damn still cranked up yet. I just got a -- barely got a good buzz going. Barely a good buzz, all right. I got to tell you, I'm getting really sick and tired of hearing it. I just want to make some moonshine and have a good time. Getting hot, ain't she? No, the pipe's hot. Oh, shoot. Let's pace her up, man. A little bit more water. She'll be about ready to go. Man, that jar's getting shorter and shorter, man. [ exhales deeply ] we got a long way to go. I'm all right. You leave me alone. [ sighing ] all right. [ barking ] What is it, cutie pie? What's she hollering at? I don't know. That makes me nervous. We got a hot still, and cutie pie starts barking. Josh: What? [ barking ] Well, if there's somebody down here, it's too late now. Well, it ain't too late to run. It's about ready to run, bill. I think so. Hell, it is running. She's coming. She's coming. She's running now. Oh, yeah! That's a perfect-size stream, too. I mean, it's running exactly like it's supposed to. Hey, you're getting leaves in our liquor, man. Leaves all in our liquor. Damn. We're gonna have to filter this again before we sell it. We are gonna have to sell this to somebody. I don't know what to do with you sometimes, man. [ breathes deeply ] All right. Well, there you are, Getting roots and damn bark and [bleep] In our damn finished product. Seriously, no -- no. If I'd have done that, you'd have been all over me, man. There's damn leaves all in our damn bucket. Dude, you're getting worried about one little leaf. Well, damn, you'd have been hollering at me about it. Listen, I'm about sick of you picking at me. I've heard all I'm gonna hear. Let's just fill up that last jar, man. Why can't we just make some shine without having a problem? I wish we could. And while I'm at it, that damn woman we sold that liquor to the other day -- What about her? She says "apple pie," and all of a sudden, You're like, "we need to make apple pie." What's wrong with making apple? If she wants to buy it and it's gonna make us more money, Clear liquor's, so far, where our market's been at. Dude, what's wrong with making -- This liquor right here -- what the [bleep] Narrator: Next time on "moonshiners"... If we tear something up underneath this thing, Boy, we [bleep] Narrator: ...The kentucky boys are stuck in the mud... Whoa, you'd better -- mother[bleep] Narrator: ...Josh and bill step into the ring... We'd have to do a lot less labor. Put your damn manties on and -- ...Sheriff's deputy chuck finds his man... Man: That's the only people that's bought any of this stuff. Chuck: The list has been narrowed to two. Lance waldroup is one I'll be looking at. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 