Breakout Kings: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Breakout Kings 
 s1e3 - The Bag Man - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Breakout Kings (2011–2012): Season 1, Episode 3 - The Bag Man - full transcript 
 T-bag, a sociopath with a prosthetic hand and a mean streak to go with it, makes a bloody escape from prison and sets out on a path of vengeance. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Rinse. It spilled. I'm sorry. Draw the curtain. Now get the hurt stick. Sorry to ruin the romance, fellas, but your med transpo was approved, Bagwell. Well, it's about damn time. Let's take a walk, boy. Bagwell, Theodore, cleared for transport. Keep a candle burning for me, pretty. It makes me sick. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What, your breath or your face? My Uncle fought for this country. The VA still ain't got him a decent prosthetic. And some piece of crap con's getting an upgrade. Well, boo-hoo for your Uncle stumpy. But I need a new paw, boss. Check mine out. It's cracking like the Liberty Bell. Where is that gun? Hey! Everyone all right? Oh, man... This one's on me, boy. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Let's just say... If your girl sends you a crotch shot on your cell phone, don't try to return the favor while driving, know what I'm saying? Boss is going to have my ass. Easy there, cool breeze. I got two dead bodies in that truck, and I can easily go for the trifecta. Hey, I don't want a problem. Problem's all you got right now. Now if you want to cut your losses, you dribble out of them there duds and nude up tout suite. Don't be stupid, stupid. I got a gun. And you got a son. It's up to you how this all goes down. Sync and corrections by GeirDM for www.addic7ed.com Raymond, I have to take issue with the driving accommodations. Lead-foot Larry was doing 90 on the FDR. I would rather not die... A virgin? In a fiery crash. Today we're driving fast, we're moving fast. No grab ass, no messing around. Get up, no sitting. We have a bona fide professional runner on our hands. He's already broken out of two prisons. One in the U.S. And one in Panama. Fresh out of the gate... less than two hours on his feet. Where the hell's Jules? Jules? Right here. This one's really heavy. Okay, okay, okay, I have it, I'll do it. There you go. Bagwell? Theodore Bagwell. Part of the Fox River Eight that escaped a few years back. Theodore Bagwell? T-Bag? His prison tag is T-Bag? No, no, no, no. Don't laugh. This guy is an incredible melange of sociopathic and psychopathic personality traits. On a psycho tip, his crimes can be really well planned out. Like the breakouts, for example. But then he'll turn sociopath and just kill somebody at the drop of a hat, leaving tons of evidence behind. He's incredibly smart and charming and he can appear completely normal, but, of course, he was originally incarcerated for raping and killing a bunch of teenagers. Not necessarily in that order. How lovely. I've read everything I can on this guy. I've always wondered what it would be like to sit down with him face-to-face and analyze him. Well, when we catch him, you can get his autograph. They found what in the guard's neck? A piece of T-Bag's prosthetic hand. He sharpened it into a shank and then sank it into the first guard's neck. Wow. We're chasing a cripple? Okay, he was cuffed to another inmate during the Fox River Eight escape. Then one of his fellow cons took an ax to T-Bag's hand so that they could ditch him... and they leave him there to bleed out. But he survives. We cannot underestimate this guy. DOC Sent the phone logs from Fox River. Bagwell wasn't popular. Only two calls recently. But they still have the recordings. One was to a former inmate named Cabe Green who now lives in Fort Wayne, Indiana. It's me. Hey. Just wondering if you got me my birthday present. Almost. Well, let me know when it's wrapped and ready, 'cause I'm excited, son. Gotta run. Ciao, ciao. Second call was a week later to the prison pay phone bank. Bagwell said hello, other side hung up. Birthday present's a screen. His birthday was five months before the call was made. When cons are planning something, they talk in code. Birthday present probably means help breaking out. The hang-up phone call was a signal. Like, if I make a phone call on this pay phone on this date, the plan's on. It's bullshit they can record our calls on the inside like that. You want more prisoner rights, vote democrat. Oh, wait, you can't vote, right? So shut up. Yo, this ain't Rocky, Zancanelli. Italians don't beat up black men in the real world, so... I'll put you to sleep, little man. Yo, I'm right here. Hey, hey, this isn't the time to prove how hard you are, okay? Right now there are people working, taking their kids to school, who have no idea their paths are going to cross with Bagwell. No idea they might actually end up dying 'cause we didn't get there fast enough. And you should know better. Matter of fact, you know what? You and your best friend go to Fort Wayne and go see Cabe. Erica and Lloyd, we're gong to Illinois. Clear. I told you, I don't know where he is or where he's going. We listened to the call. We know all about the little birthday present you had planned for him. His birthday was months ago. I missed Theodore's birthday so I owed him a gift, that's it. We're friends. The kind of friend that pushes your head down in the pillow? I can't help you. And I've done nothing wrong, so go. You have no right to be here. He called Bagwell "Theodore." Boy's still following lockup rules. Punk can't call his daddy by his prison tag. He's still under Bagwell's control. Whatever he knows, he ain't never gonna give it up. Driver took two bullets. One more went through the windshield. Prison guards traditionally carry Glock 17s with a 12-round clip. Bagwell's got nine more shots. Mr. Pace, deputy Charlie Duchamp. Thank you for coming back out here. The bastard threatened me and my son. I want him caught. It's a miracle we're not dead. It's not a miracle, really. It's an example of Bagwell's advance cognitive dissonance. He does these evil things all the time, but he convinces himself that he's not evil with these random acts of kindness, you know? On his last breakout, he violently kidnaps his ex-girlfriend and her children, and then he just sets them free in an act of mercy, you know. He knows he's bad, but he thinks he can be good. Understand he took your clothes? Some whack job with a fake hand and a bloody gash on his head comes at you with a gun, I give him what he wants. So he's hurt? Yeah, yeah, uh, just above his left eyebrow. Lloyd, have Julianne update the alarm to include Bagwell's injury. Ray, what do you got? Not much. Cabe's clearly involved with Bagwell, but we can't figure out how he helped him escape. Maybe he didn't help him escape. Maybe he helped him after the escape. When my dad and I used to chase skips, they'd have their boys drop care packages for them. Bags with cash, food, anything. Jules, are you conferenced in? I'm here. Run the toll activity for cabe green's Indiana ez pass... 0804njs. Cabe drove into Illinois a week ago. The same day that hang-up call was made to Bagwell. See? Told you. Second call was the signal the package was in place. What, you want a gold star now? Where'd that second call come from? Uh, pay phone was in Madison, Illinois, about 20 Miles east of fox river. That's minutes away. Let's go. You say "let's go" all the time. I wanted to say it once. It felt... it felt good to say. Just get in the car, Lloyd. Nobody matching T-Bag's description ever checked in over there. Well, then if he called from here, odds are the present's here. He'd want his stash easy to access. Yeah, but not visible enough for him to be seen getting into it. Exactly, but secluded enough that somebody wouldn't just stumble across it. Uh... mailbox? Too much foot traffic. Under the motel sign? It's too close to the road. Let's fan out. Charlie, come look at this. That's probably just trash. A freshly-dug hole with a box that was clearly just inside of it? I thought you were some sort of child prodigy. Okay, so there's cologne, nail clippers. How much you wanna bet if we run this, we'll get DNA that matches Bagwell's? Cardboard and some pins? It's probably a new shirt. Container's cracked. Water and mealworms ruined this money, but guess what... these are Canadian dollars. Julianne, get an alarm to all Canadian border crossings. Tell 'em, Bagwell's cleaned himself up; He's dressed nice, but he's low on funds and he's still injured. All right, so Bagwell's two pressing wants right now are transportation and first aid. And without those, he can't get very far. Two birds... Meet one stone. Not a single hit on him in Illinois. You think he could've gotten past the roadblocks? At this point, let's assume he did. Now we know he's heading east because he hid his stash east of the prison. Could be going to Toledo, right near Lake Eerie. A short boat ride from a smuggler, and he's in Canada. Then that's where the girl must be, 'cause captain hook didn't just change clothes, he gussied up. Trimmed his nails, splashed on some stinkwater. Top two reasons a man breaks outta prison: Women and women. T-Bag's lookin' to live up to his nickname, if you know what I'm saying. Gross. I don't get it. Seriously? T-Bag is an abbreviation for "Theodore Bagwell." Damn, man, come here. Lloyd said that last time he escaped, he went after an ex-girlfriend. A Mrs. Hollander. She's already under protective custody. What are you talking about? The whole thing? Sorry. It's off-putting to envision that happening. It doesn't mean he couldn't have a new sweetheart. He's a slick son of a bitch. Too hot. Too cold. Okay, innovation, that's what this nation is about. Just right. That not only enhances the quality of our lives, but also simplifies it. The lightbulb, the refrigerator, and now the roll away bed. I'll take 12! I'm sorry. Oh, you scared me. I just, I... I couldn't help but overhear your speech, and I think it's fantastic. Really? I-I'm so nervous. I have to talk at a seminar tomorrow, and I'm not good at it. You're right about that. You're great at it. Tell me more about the roll away bed. Now, come on. Don't be shy now. Well, with just four decorative blocks to lift your existing bed and one mattress on wheels, you can double your room occupancy just like that. Now that's a woman who believes in her product. Brett Benson. Proud owner of two Zippy burger franchises. Candace Plum. As in "sweet as a"? Let's drink to entrepreneurial spirit. Oh, let me help you. No, no, no, no, no, I got this, Ms. Plum. As you can tell from my melon, I may be accident-prone, but I'm not helpless. Let me just right the ship here. If I, uh, if I let my old war wound stand in my way, well, I'd only have one Zippy burger, now wouldn't I? Well, you are something else. You have no idea. An Illinois ambulance was found ditched on the side of the road in Brushy Prairie, Indiana. Both EMTs were dead, one had his hand cut off. Gotta be our guy. He knew an ambulance with the cherries spinnin' would fly right through a roadblock. He cut off somebody else's hand? Are you kidding me?! The man is engaged in grand attribute projection, you guys. Do you know how rare that is? He is subconsciously trying to put the things he hates most about himself onto other people. No, he's looking to leave the country. Jules, call special operations. Get another plane on it. Oh, and another great thing about the roll away bed... it's hypo-allergenic. Thank you so much for taking me back to my hotel, Brett. My pleasure, candy cane. I may've had too much to drink, but it'll be dawn soon, and... If you want, you can come back to my room. You can try out a roll away bed. Oh, Candace, I do appreciate the offer, but there's only one woman I'm interested in seeing right now. What are you doing?! Roll away, dear Candace. Roll away. Narcotics are missing. Why did he even dump the van? It's not like you can even see the bodies stacked up in the back from outside. No gas. Meat wagons have their own fueling facility. An out-of-state ambulance at a gas station would draw too much attention. He's a smart little bastard. Those the personal effects? Yeah. Cash is gone. I mean, what could he have gotten these guys for, a hundred bucks? Can't get far on that. Hey, yo, one of these bags gonna have a cell phone. No one spends all day in a car without a phone. Even crackheads got cell phones. I'd check into that. Jules, run the phone records of any cell registered to an Arthur Bradshaw. He's one of our dead EMTs. Local police say each EMT was shot once in the head. Body count four, seven rounds left. He might do lot more damage. He definitely could do a lot more damage. A call was placed with the deceased EMT's phone after their bodies were found. I texted Charlie the number Bagwell called. Got it. Hi. You've reached Lorraine. Leave a message and I'll call you when I can. Later. Guarantee you that's the woman he got all dressed up for. We just gotta follow the tail trail, and that'll take us right to T-Bag. Might be the woman on the machine, or there could be another woman Bagwell was meeting. Who? The one he pushed out of a moving car. Hit just came in. She was found on the side of a state route. Amazingly, the survivor was able to ID him. She's at a hospital not far away. Okay. Ray, you and Lloyd go to the hospital. The rest of us, we'll go check out Lorraine from the answering machine. Did you notify the next of kin? Well, do it, 'cause there's family waiting for somebody that's not coming home tonight. Yeah? Hi, I'm Henry Pope. I'd like to talk to you about the exciting world of franchising. What's your name, friend? Wayne Garrett. Listen, we just got home and we're tired, so... Who's at the door, baby? It's nobody, Lorraine. I'll be there right there. Actually, Wayne, payback's at the door. Wayne? Wayne? Wayne! He said there was a woman he wanted to see, then he pushed me out. Did he say anything else? No. He took something. A ring. He needs money to get outta the country. Convention center was just a few miles away from where he ran outta gas. In a suit, he could blend in; He saw an opportunity. It's just bad luck, Ms. Plum. He might try to pawn the ring. I don't care. It's costume. Worth nothing. Doctors say he drugged me. You're lucky he did; It made you limber and able to withstand the impact. That and the fact that he pushed you down a snowy embankment. He was so nice to me. I really thought he liked me. This guy has killed four people since he's escaped... that we know about. I know it sounds sick, but you're probably still alive today 'cause he did like you. Open up. U.S. Marshals! Damn! Homeboy looks like a Swiss army knife. Duchamp. It's me. Bagwell confirmed to Candace Plum that he's going after a woman. I know. Think he already found her. All right, we're on our way. Look at the pain he was put through; The torture, the degradation. Bagwell had his fun before he shot this guy. Yeah, he also pee'd on him. Nasty. He was mad that this guy stole his sweet Lorraine. He wanted him to suffer. This was a very, very personal killing. Two more rounds. He still has five left. And look what he can do with knives. She still has her jewelry on. He took a ring from a woman he turned into a tumbleweed. Why steal jewelry from one person but not the other? "Wayne Garrett." He wrote something down. You been watching too many Law & Order eps, Raymond. Hold on a second. He left this pen on top of this notebook. Maybe he leaned on it when he wrote. There's indentations. Can you give me that cleaner? "Tenpence Bryan." See, that's some Charlie chan shit right there, ray ray. Jules, get on ncic and run the nickname Tenpence Bryan, see if you come up with anything. If it's important enough for him to write it down, then maybe that's where Bagwell's headed next. Raging bull? See? It's these boxing movies that make white folk think boxing is still their sport. Jake Lamotta, Rocky Marciano, Willie Pastrano... Anybody since polio was cured? Got a hit. On the nickname? No, on Bagwell. Guy fitting his description was seen racing through Bryan, Ohio, only two towns over from where you are now, in a green skylark. I checked DMV records; Lorraine Rome, your female doa, owns a green skylark. Hold on a second. Did you just say Bryan, Ohio? Okay, check all the streets named "Pence" and "Bryan" "Pence Road, Pence Boulevard Pence Avenue? And I know what your next question is. There is a Ten Pence Avenue rented by a Rodney Johnson. Okay, call the local PD and wait for them here. Ray, we gotta follow up on this. Damn! Nice to meet you, Rodney Johnson. Huh. Time to feel as much pain as you've caused. Missed him. Damn it! Blood on the wall. Done the math. We got one guy with one hand who's killed six people in less than one day. We've never dealt with somebody like this before. Who tears the corner off a calendar before the month's over? There's the part with the address on it. This is where he's heading. Ah! My foot's stuck! I can't move! Get a move on, boy! Pick up those feet! Please, man, I don't even know what I did to you! Please! It's not what you did to me, Rodney. Help me, please! Can't hold on! Bagwell, freeze! Help me, please! Get him outta there! I'm going after Bagwell! It's busted! I can't hold on! I can't hold on! Hold on! Charlie! Charlie! We've been keeping track of your ammo, Bagwell! You got one shot left in the clip! Help me, please. Grab my hand. I can't hold on. Charlie, get down here or this guy's gonna die. Charlie get over here now! I can't hold on! Please! Please! Charlie! Please! No! No! Yeah, I hired Rodney about a month ago. Doesn't talk much, decent worker. That's why I don't hire family men. Survivor claims would put my premiums through the roof. Mm. How sensitive. Did Johnson ever mention the name Theodore Bagwell? Ah, doesn't ring a bell, but, uh, like I said, Rodney was only here for a month. Check with his last employer. He was there a couple of years. Who was that? Uh... Willis County nursing home. The one thing I do remember him talking about was how much he hated that place. Look, uh, I gotta go help the accident investigator now. Hey, Jules. Rodney Johnson worked at Willis County nursing home. So did Wayne Garrett. I saw an ID Badge at his apartment. Into it. Now, Bagwell wasn't after any girl. He was after these two guys for some reason. Run Willis County nursing home. Okay, uh... Nothing unusual about the nursing home. No citations, nothing remarkable about the employee or patient lists. What do you think about that? I think Charlie and I have to go check out this nursing home. Thanks. Why couldn't I wait back in the lobby with Shea and Erica? Because you're a doctor, and you speak hospital talk. This is not a hospital, okay? This is a pickup bar for the grim reaper, and everybody's putting out, all right? You guys, I'm totally putting my mom into one of these places. You must be the Marshals. I got your message. I'm Susan Dannon, the home's director. Deputy Duchamp, this is Deputy Zancanelli. I still can't believe the news about Wayne and Rod. Any information on them... even if you think is minor... could be important. Didn't really know them that well. They were fine workers, but they quit. Job just wasn't the right fit. Mm, that's a lie. Excuse me? The workup we did on both these guys shows a failure to graduate high school, with very limited work experience, so scrubbing bedpans and changing sheets is about the best they could hope for. There's no way they quit because it didn't fit. I won't stand here and be called a liar. Okay, liar, but you just backed up a bit when you said that. That's a physical avoidance marker. It's a sign of someone who's not telling the truth. Look, lady, I just saw a guy get turned into chowder today. So get straight with us, or I'll have to cuff you and drag you out of this raisin ranch. Oh, this is a small town, and people need this hospital, and we can't afford any fines. You're trying my patience. Nothing was ever proven. They were accusations. It's irresponsible for me to talk about it if... Ray. Bracelets. Hands behind your back. Hey! Okay. Please. Please. Wayne and Rod were suspected of... Inappropriate... Physicalontact with a mentally-challenged, geriatric patient. Maybe even stole some of her jewelry. It was a horrible set of circumstances. She-she had dementia and cancer. Was in and out of consciousness. She-she couldn't even defend herself. How did you find out about this? Luckily, she was lucid enough to tell a supervisor. Wayne and Rod were fired immediately, and charges would have been filed if the patient hadn't slipped into a comatose state. Without her testimony, the case was closed. And what happened to the lady? She had been shipped up here from Alabama when her last known viable relatives died. I went out of my own pocket, transferred Mrs. Bagwell to St. Victoria's, a small state hospital in New Jersey. I did not want that woman to spend the last of her remaining days inside the facility that failed to protect her. Did you just say Mrs. Bagwell? Yes. Why? Thank you very much. Those guys were granny grabbers? If I knew, I would never have tried to get him out of the rock crusher. Hey, somebody messes with your family, you do what you got to do to make it right. Does that include all the innocent people that T-Bag hurt to get to Garrett and Johnson? Okay, here's the thing. The woman we just talked to said that Mrs. Bagwell might have had some jewelry stolen from her, in addition to the other indignations that she suffered. Now, uh, the reason Bagwell didn't take any jewelry from Lorraine, after he killed her, was that he already had the replacement ring... it was the costume jewelry that he took from Candace before he pushed her out of the car. You see, this is why Bagwell is so fascinating. He pushes a woman out of a moving car, but not before he gets a ring for his mother, which he clearly intends to give to her in person, before she dies, which is going to be very soon. Him going to see her is a big risk. But he is going, okay? Why else would he get all cleaned up? He wants to look respectable the last time he sees the woman who brought him into this world. I tell you, T-Bag is going to see his mama. You guys go around back, and ray and I will head down this way. Remember, be careful. He still has one round left. Excuse me, darlin'. I'm here to see Audrey Bagwell. I'm sorry, sir. Visiting hours are over. All the patients are asleep. I'll be quiet as a church mouse. I'm sorry, sir. You're going to have to come back tomorrow. Sweetheart, there ain't no tomorrow. Not for me. Or you. Now, you listen to me, nightingale. You find my mama's room number or you're gonna wind up in a bed right next to her, understand? Point and click. Point and click. Hurry the hell up. Right here. 209. Hey! Stop right there! Ray, he's going out the South stairwell. U.S. Marshals. Listen. Put the hospital on lockdown. Cut off all exits and elevators. Do it. One round left. Hey! He's on the other side of the hospital! East wing. He's running down the east wing. Mama! Mama! Mama! Mama! Let me look at her. Let me look at her! Let me look at her! You have no idea what they did to her. Let me look at her! Let me see her! Get his arm. Get his arm. I got his other arm. You want to calm down? Huh? You want to calm down? We got you. Cuff him. We're good. - You got him? - Yeah. She hears my voice. Mama... Come on. Let's go. She didn't do anything wrong. She's the victim. Hey! You're nothin' but a disease. And if it was up to me, I'd stick that stump up your ass. But your mother didn't do nothing wrong. Come on. In my pocket. Please. Make it quick. I got 'em, mama. I got 'em. Now... I won't be seeing you in heaven... But you enjoy it for the both of us, okay? All right. You like Floyd Patterson? Man could box. How 'bout Tyson? Man could hit. Both trained by Gus d'amato. Suck it. Those who can't do, teach. You might want to get your zoot suit on. Van to Maybelle'll be here soon. Yeah, before I catch that ride, I, uh, I almost took a 22-caliber tattoo right here today. Okay? I'm doing this to get to my daughter faster, not the cemetery. So if the cases keep being like this, this "one month off" thing needs to get jacked up. This whole "one month off" thing is all you're ever gonna get. There's no renegotiations. This week it was a killer. Next week, it'll be a rapist. The week after that, who knows. At least the coffee's free. Transpo will be here for him in 30 minutes. Lowery better do something or he's gonna miss his chance. Uh-huh. Are you a doctor? 'Cause you've got the arrogance of a white coat. I'm an MD. Uh... And a PHD. Ooh. You got more letters than the alphabet. Good for you. You here to analyze me, doc? Fix me up before I go back to the animal factory? Ask me some probing questions? Find out how I go tick-tock? You want to know if I kill with ease because my daddy raped his retarded sister and I got spit out, slightly more useful than the afterbirth? Or maybe it's 'cause I didn't make captain of the gridiron gang. Never had a cherry valance of my own. Or maybe 'cause of the bookworm queens, who later grow up to be PHMD's, stared down their noses at me so much I thought the sun was a big, old snotball. Or maybe it's 'cause when I watch a man die at my hand, I finally feel Theodore Bagwell matters more than all those gnat's asses in the world. Because I know, dear, kind doctor, that in that moment, nothing matters more in that soon-to-be-dead man's eyes than I! Because I... I am his gatekeeper to life or death. Well? Is it that menagerie of misery that makes me so special a case study, doc? Is it? You know it's not, Theodore. When we started this case... I thought I was going to get some great insight into why you are the way you are... a look into a complex psyche, a glimpse into the neurological map of a madman that could show some light on some bigger truths, that could maybe help other sick people one day. As I got up-close and personal with you, and your handiwork, I found a truth. It was a small one, though. As unexciting as it may sound, some machines just come out of the factory broken. You're a broken machine. No shit. Sync and corrections by GeirDM for www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 