Breakout Kings: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Breakout Kings 
 s1e10 - Paid in Full - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Breakout Kings (2011–2012): Season 1, Episode 10 - Paid in Full - full transcript 
 A notorious contract killer escapes from prison to carry out some unfinished business. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm telling you, you're doing it wrong. You ain't gonna inflict any damage with no flattened-out magazine. Roll it up nice and tight, huh? You want to bring the hurt. You ought to listen to old bunny. Whatever it is you got going, you want to need a guy like me. See, this is why no one likes you, man. You too good to talk to any one of us up here? You ain't so big. You better watch your back, son. Virgil! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Making a call this week? Turn it around. Step away from the door. We're cool. Man down in 14! He's heading for C-block, level two tiers! He's heading to D-block! Repeat-- delta block. Heading west! Whoa! How the hell did he get past you guys? Sergeant, confirm-- you said D-block yard? Delta block? Confirmed. How did you miss him? Ray, you're gonna want to hear this. What's up? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Get your asses in your civvies and your nose in the case files. Man, we ain't even here three seconds. Get that. So I just heard from director Knox. Should I have a seat for this one? He's been keeping an eye on us, he likes the way things are progressing, and he's been asking a lot of pointed questions about you. Did you know the human body requires complex sugars and soluble fats for optimum performance? Donuts have both. So you're saying donuts are good for us? Yeah. ...Knox said that if you keep delivering, this could get you back in with the marshals. Need something, Shea? Boston creme. So, what does this mean exactly? Get back in? They gonna reinstate me, give me my badge and all? Listen, Knox didn't give me a timetable or anything. He just said if you keep working hard... So, it's like an attaboy from the top brass. That and two bucks will get me on the subway. Come on, let's get back to work. Hey, hey! Stop being a stubborn son of a bitch, all right? This is a good thing. All right? All right. Virgil Downing's a notorious hit man. Now his only conviction is for murdering a police commissioner in Waterbury, Connecticut, six years ago. But he's suspected in three dozen other contract killings. And he doesn't discriminate. Judges, cartel leaders, housewives-- One story has him pulling a hit on a mob boss' dog. Aw, that ain't right. Police commissioner didn't bother you, but a pekinese... I'm partial to the underdog, Ray, not being a law enforcement officer, such as yourself. All right, this guy is teflon. I mean, he's highly skilled, he's well prepared, he's very cautious. The only reason why they caught him in Waterbury was because his appendix busted while he was fleeing the scene. They found him laid out with the murder weapon still on him. Now, Virgil has many aliases, no known connection. Prison bosses haven't even figured out how he slipped past their response teams. We do know that he kept his money in offshore accounts, which the FBI seized after his arrest. So, if he wants to cross a border, he's gonna have to pick up some more work. All right, we need to catch this guy before he starts killing again. If he's back in business, then there's got to be some way we can find him. Okay, here's what we do, guys. We check out the Yellow Pages. We look under H for hit man. Next, we look into Facebook. Next, we send you on the bus back to Rahway. Let me say this again. This guy's got over three dozen killings on his belt. Says here he was the trigger in that La Guardia double in '03. I have a CI who knows something about how that one went down. Want to give him a call? Her. Shea, let's take a drive. Your snitch is blowing us off, Ray. She'll be here, and if she's a snitch, what does that make you? Yo, Ray, I ain't no snitch. I am a confidential informant. A snitch is someone who sells knowledge to the popo, but a CI is someone who trades based on a mutual trust and respect with a specific law enforcement officer. Like me. I got in good with the marshals. Ooh, sorry I am late. Oh. Whoa! You ready to trade on our mutual trust and respect? You bet your boots to a barn dance, Big Ray. I don't believe we've had the pleasure. Chastity. What's up, brah? That Dombrowski brother still have a thing for you? My regular Tuesday-Thursday for going on, hmm, years now. Oh, he is into some weird-- You Italians are freaky. He's Polish. Hmm? He's Polish. Ends in a vowel. Trust me, he's a dumb Pollock. Question is, is he dumb enough to talk? You get enough coke in him, he won't do anything else. He ever mention the name Virgil Downing? Trigger man? Oh. Mm-hmm. You know that sick son of a bitch shot a poodle? Oh, you mean, pekinese? Pekinese, Japanese, dirty knees, look at these. Who cares? He shot a dog. That is a mess. If someone wanted to hire Virgil? Oh, nobody's gonna hire him, Big Ray. He's in prison. He busted out yesterday. Good for him, but he ruined his rep when he got caught. He is persona non grata. That's old Italian for unhireable. But if your chatty friend hired Virgil, he must have met the broker. He got a name? Well, aren't you something. For somebody like Virgil, you need a referral just to get a referral. I'm sorry, Big Ray. This one's above my pay grade. But if you need anything else, you know how to find me. And I will see you around. You stay warm, good-looking. Oh, you know I keep it sizzling. What did that just get us, Big Ray? Well, at least we know Virgil won't be going back to that line of work anytime soon. That's what that got us. You should start taking some notes. Hey, I did. Why she call you Big Ray? 'Cause I got a big heart. What can I tell you? Oh, that's what you call it now? Whoa, whoa, whoa! Help! Help! I need some help! Help! Whoa! Dude... You scared the crap out of me. Aren't you a little young to have a private office? What is this? This... Holy sh... It's for Genevieve. The 3-d facial imaging software made Virgil Downing out. I mean, he should have known that a building that has a federal regulatory office in it would use these kind of cameras. He probably didn't know the cameras existed, Charlie. He's prison-ignorant. Cons can't keep up with the latest in gadgetry or anything else. I just found out Bea Arthur died. Hey, Ray. Why do transplant recipients always prefer republican's hearts? Because they've never been used? Yeah. That joke finally make it to prison? Sue me. I'm out of touch, all right? Erica just told me about Bea Arthur. It was devastating. I'm telling you, I know what I heard. Charlie said, "get you back in with the marshals." I mean, what else could that mean? It could mean anything, okay? Maybe Ray's in the doghouse, maybe Ray's on probation. But he didn't lose his badge. He's in charge of a team of U.S. marshals. No, no, wait-- Charlie runs the show, which makes no sense. I mean, Ray's the one with the field experience. Why is he answering to a desk jockey? Everything Charlie knows, he goggled. Googled. Googled. You've never used a computer, have you? I mean, you don't get it. I get it. Cops say Parker had a clean record, no obvious enemies. Shell casings. Duster can't pull a single print. He left the casings behind? That's pretty bold. No, pretty smart, actually. You wear gloves to load your rounds, you don't have to worry about finding the casings after the hit-- just walk away. We should look in any shootings since the escape, where 22 long rifle casings were found. Parker's coworkers are pretty upset. Said he's a good guy for a kid who came from Wall Street money and got his job through family connections. Maybe somebody resented him for it? I don't know about that-- word out there is, Virgil is unemployable. Maybe this was some personal vendetta. Yo, Erica, you know Ray's not a marshal, right? Of course he is; he caught you two. Exactly. He was a marshal. When I was at Julianne's desk today, I overheard him and Charlie talking about... Okay, w-what does it even matter, if he's a marshal? Oh, you kidding me? It means they're lying to us, so what else are they lying to us about? Are we really getting months off our bids? How do we know this for sure? I see, I see, here we go. The man's keeping us down, right, hmm? He invented the AIDS, crack in the fried chicken. Shut up, Lloyd. Now he's taking our months. Yeah, I know you really want this situation to be legit, Lloyd, but we just can't assume, even if all your people understand about oppression is how to perpetuate it. Okay. Crack in the fried... New Haven Police just caught a home invasion-- print-free .22 casing left behind. Same brand used at the Parker murder. "Emuby," uh... What kind of name is that, Lloyd? Emuebie Okafor, and clearly he's Scottish. He's Nigerian. All right, well, the Nigerian was a grad student who was studying bioengineering. Now, that's a far cry from a Wall Street golden boy. Keep reading, Ray. Nothing was disturbed or taken. Okafor was killed with a single shot to the chest. That smells like a hit to me. I guess we'll have to wait till you get the forensics on the shell casing. See? Once Charlie gets them. Jules, get on the line with forensics and lean on 'em a little bit. You got a problem today? Yeah, I guess I do. I'm starting to wonder if things around here are what they seem, like this deal we got going. Is it for real? It's backed by the marshals. Why wouldn't it be for real? And you would know 'cause you're a marshal, right, like full-time? Who do you think you're talking to? You know, I brought you into this thing. I can knock you right back out. You like your little cush setup at Maybelle? You keep running your mouth and I'll send your ass back to Sing Sing and let everybody know who you been working for. How does that sound? All right, Ray... I was just joking. Didn't mean to strike a nerve. Unbelievable. Emuebie Okafor is a member of the Nigerian royal family. Are you sure? Did you see his apartment? Distantly related, but still could be something. Oh, please-- Africa? Every goat herder in Abuja lays claim to that crown. Maybe because there's a lot of history there. It is the cradle of civilization. That's a really great license plate slogan, but how are things going down there now? Everybody got a full tum-tum in Africa? Hey, zip it, all right? So if Virgil Downing is struggling for work and his reputation is down the toilet, maybe he's soliciting work from overseas. Parker's family is from old money, and that's royalty of some sort. Maybe, maybe that's the connection. Want to take a little break? No, man, a little bit of pain never hurt me. Bro, that sounds like my ride. How's it going, Laird? Who the hell are you? This is for Genevieve. Oh, no, please! - I barely saw him, but yeah, that might be the guy. - And the kid here? Laird Lipinski. I guess he wasn't royalty. Three to the chest, just like the Wall Street kid. But the Nigerian student was only shot once, right? What difference does it make? Forensics matched the casings. We know it was Virgil that killed Matooey. Emuebie. What am I, a U.N. interpreter? This much shitty ink, he was trying to cover something up, like when a brother quits a gang and can't afford to laser off the tats. Did you do some cover-up work? Yeah, that's all my shitty ink there. What was he trying to hide? Sigma zeta chi. That's the baddest gang on campus. He doesn't seem like the frat-boy type. What happened? I think he just hated the whole Newington College deal. Hold up. Our banker boy went to Newington. Parker Bancroft was in sigma zeta chi with Laird Lipinski, but only for a couple of months before Laird left school in '07. Right after Laird was tried and acquitted as an accessory to rape. Accessory? Who was charged with the actual rape? Was it Parker? No way to be sure. The name of that defendant was withheld because he was under 18 at the time. If it was Parker, then we need to be looking at his accuser. These guys got off, right? Maybe, maybe there's a really angry girl out there that's looking for justice, the kind Virgil Downing can deliver. The rape shield statute has her name redacted as well. I'll call my judge, have him unseal the court records, but it might take a couple of hours. What's going on? Young minds realizing their full potential. Rape was five years ago, Ray. Most of these cats weren't even here. Institutional memory, Shea. Upperclassmen pass on lore to the lowerclassmen. Somebody here knows something about that rape. Lap it up with your tongue, you little bitch. Yeah, get right in there. Aren't you too old to be hanging out with these, uh, knuckleheads? If this is about the blow-up dolls on the front lawn, address all complaints to campus security. Now, if you mind, get in there. Show him your badge, Ray. Hey, how long you been a student here? Well, technically I graduated a couple years ago. So you knew Laird Lipinski? What are you, a cop? Yeah, U.S. marshal, actually, and you're starting to piss me off. I did a whole semester of pre-law. I know my rights. Did you know Lipinski was murdered today? Huh?! What? No way. Laird's dead? So you know who he is. You know about the rape that happened here, too? What rape? Okay, all right, all right. Hey, easy, schoolboy. Let me tell you why you should open up to my colleague here. Now, you have three half-naked young men on their knees, lapping up fluids. Now, as a board-certified psychiatrist, I can tell you, that is a perfectly normal exploration of relational power dynamics. It's also super-duper gay, which is totally cool with me, but unless you want us to get a warrant for your hard drive and show your buddies here all of that fun stuff we both know you like to download... Okay. Okay. It was an alleged rape. And all Laird did was keep the lounge clear while Parker closed the deal. Parker Bancroft? What about the Nigerian prince Webhead Oakforest? Emuebie Okafor. Who's that, some other dude that Krauss chick falsely accused? We call that pulling a Krauss-- when you blame a guy for something he didn't do. Krauss-- that was her name? Yeah, Guinevere, Genevieve, something like that. Who cares? She dropped out. Jules, I got a name. The surveillance software not placed fugitive killer Virgil Downing at the scene of Parker Bancroft's murder, authorities say they may not have been able to tie him to Okafor's tragic slaying. Police are still trying to determine if there's any connection between Okafor and the other two victims. Anyone with information about Downing's whereabouts is urged to come forward. Stay warm, animals. So, when you asked him if he's a U.S. marshal, did he say yes? Not exactly, but I'm telling you, Lloyd, you need to start worrying about this deal, 'cause something ain't right. I think you're hearing what you want to hear, Shea. What I want to hear is some kind of confirmation that this deal we got is legit. Hi, Julianne. Genevieve Krauss? Ray Zancanelli, U.S. marshals services. What's this about? The defendants in your rape trial Parker Bancroft, Laird Lipinski. What about them? They were murdered today. We believe someone hired a hit man to kill them. You can imagine how this all looks. Yeah, but I didn't have anything to do with it. Hey, Ray. Excuse me one second. Your dad work as a guard at McCollum-Walker penitentiary? Yeah. Well, the guy who killed Bancroft and Lipinski-- he escaped from your dad's prison. I'm gonna need you to grab your coat and take a ride with us. Speaking of urges, the latest diet craze out of Sweden lets you eat whatever you want while still shedding pounds. The catch-- you have to eat a serving of boiled cabbage with every meal. Yes, you heard that right-- boiled cabbage. Oh, my God. Not another word. Check it out. The escape makes our boy Virgil look like some kind of magician, but the fact is, he just ran a hustle. When I was a kid, me and my boys decided to throw a block party. You know how we closed off the streets? We made a few traffic lights go red the entire night. City spent days trying to figure out what went wrong with their fancy switching systems, but all we did was swap out the green bulbs for red ones. The answer was right in front of them. They just didn't know where to look. Somebody rerouted the camera signals to make it look like Virgil was in D-block when he was really going over a wall in A-block. So by "somebody," you mean someone who had access to the security system. Sweetheart, you okay? Dad, what's this about? Whole lot of nothin'. You sit tight while these guys waste my time for a little while. Okay. I wish I knew how he got out. I mean, he did a number on a couple of our guys. No, he did a number on the inmate that he killed. He went easy on your guys. A little pepper spray, a choke hold-- all full recoveries. You helped Virgil Downing escape so he could settle the score for you. I know what this looks like, but I didn't have nothing to do with it. I had no beef against that African guy. Krauss, we know how you got Virgil out. Switching the video signals? What do we look like, idiots? Guys, I can barely hook up a DVD player. So as soon as Virgil Downing escapes from your prison, he goes after the guys that are accused of raping your daughter. Why would Virgil do that? Just out of the goodness of his own heart? Maybe he thought I was a stand-up guy and he wanted to do me a favor. Or he thought I was a jackass and he wanted to find me. I don't know. Says here that you drained your savings account of $40,000 the week before Virgil Downing escaped. Was that the deal? 40 grand plus you help him escape? I took that money to Atlantic City. And let me guess. You lost all of it. Casinos don't give you receipts. Bullshit. Krauss, look, I could sympathize with you-- I got a daughter around the same age-- but this, this is wrong. You got a daughter? Yeah, I do. Do you love her? Do you squirrel away money for her college education? 'Cause that's what that 40 grand was. That was Genevieve's college fund. I scrimped and saved for 17 years to send my kid to school. 17 years. But she didn't get to use it, now, did she? No, my daughter's education ended the night that those bastards attacked her. So am I bothered by the fact that they're dead? Hell, no, I'm not. But I did not hire Virgil Downing to kill 'em. Tell us where Virgil Downing is going next... And we'll cut a deal with you. Deals are for guilty people. Uh, that is my lawyer, and if you got any more questions, ask him. 'Cause I'm leaving. Genevieve, let's go. Hey, keep your phone on, all right? That's it? We just gonna let him go? You know he's guilty, and he's rubbing our noses in it. Why don't we just arrest him? So he could get bailed out, and Stone, Lakefield & Birch could tell us to go pound sand? Jules, need you to call HQ and have them put a tail on Cliff. It's not gonna do anything. If Krauss has half a brain, he's not gonna go within 100 miles of Virgil. He might slip. Reach out to local PD. Have them go door to door. Someone might've seen something, heard something. I'll call Cliff's supervisor at the penitentiary, see if he can tell us anything. Any connection yet to the Nigerian? Virgil's a free agent; maybe he's working another contract. Great. So Virgil could be anywhere, about to take out anybody. Look, just keep your nose to the grindstone. We're gonna get this guy. I want to, believe me. And when I do, I get my one month off, right? Yeah. When have you not? See, that was a dumb mistake. Now the cops are after my ass, and I have no idea what they know... So I gotta hurry up. And I hate to rush. You know what that's like, right? - Yeah. Yeah? - Saturday night at the bar, you got 'em three deep. Now, imagine... If you didn't take the time to prep. You'd-you'd be in the weeds. That's it. I'm in the weeds. Hey. I'm... I'm at the bar. Listen, I think there's a bit of a gas leak. So maybe... Maybe you could... you should come check it out. Okay. There. Now, will you let me go? Not quite yet. Hey, really quick, is Ray still a marshal? What is that supposed to mean? It's a pretty straightforward question. Why do you guys always do this? Do what? Look for ways to ruin what, to me, seems like a pretty good setup. You want time off your sentence, just do your job. You're right. Sorry. Mm-hmm. U.S. task force. He's totally not a U.S. marshal. Hey, Charlie? Uh, Krauss's supervisor just called. He's downstairs. Virgil Downing escaped on my watch, and I'm gonna get to the bottom of this. All right. What do you got? Devonne Dawkins, inmate at McCollum-Walker. This junkie won't be able to help you in court, but you'll want to hear what he has to say anyway. Yeah. Krauss and that Virgil dude took a little stroll one day, - had a little conversation, whispering, conspiring. - Really? And they said this in front of you? Nah, they thought they were alone. Had no idea I was under the stairs. - What'd you hear? - Hold up. What y'all gonna hook me up with inside? Say, is that fresh coffee I smell up there? I'm gonna grab a cup. I trust that my prisoner will be treated properly in my absence. Absolutely. Hey, listen, Eminem... Man, take a look at me. You think you could do worse than what I get in that place? I ain't here out of charity; I got something you need. Can I talk to him for a second? Thanks. Our, uh, associate, Bazooka Joe, would like to have a word with you. Brother named Spark still calling the shots up at Walker? This here, my brother... Is a 12-year-old single-malt... Yeah, it's mine. Not anymore, partner. The hack that brought you here, he's gonna let you bring this bottle back on the inside. Give it to Spark, and you'll be untouchable. Man, you're a con, aren't you. It's still mine till you tell us what you heard. Okay. Virgil must've had something on the outside he was selling to the guard, 'cause they were going back and forth. And that guard drove a hard bargain. Refused to pay a dime till all four were delivered. All four? Yeah, the two rapists, the Nigerian kid... And one's still left out there. Then Virgil's still on the job. Parker and Laird were the only two charged in the rape, and there's no testimony even mentioning that anyone else was involved. Okay, let's try to widen the focus a little bit. Let's crack this baby open. Now, the question is not who is legally responsible, it's who Genevieve's dad blames for attacking his daughter. So let's try to look at it through the prism of his anger. Now, the trial transcript said Cliff was escorted out of the courtroom for an outburst. What happened right before it? Um... testimony from a Ryan Montgomery. The bartender who said that Genevieve was wasted when she went with Parker to the frat house. There it is. There what is? Well, look at Cliff. He is a proud, blue-collar, workaday guy, and then along comes this other working-class gentleman who goes and testifies on behalf of a rich-kid rapist. He's got to feel profoundly betrayed. What do even know about Ryan Montgomery? Already on it. I have one Ryan Montgomery who applied for a liquor license in Queens. Which means he left Hartford... Oh. Wait a second. Ryan Montgomery was the previous tenant in the very same apartment where Emuebie Okafor was murdered. He was a mistake-- Virgil went there to find the bartender, and he found the wrong guy-- That's why the M.O.'s different; only one shot. Okay, give me the address to Montgomery's bar in Queens. I have one simple rule: Hit only the people on your list... ...Don't touch anyone else. It's simple economics. Rose! Hey, Rose! Rose, you gonna answer the phone? What the hell's going on here? This is for Genevieve. No, please, I'm not on the list. Yeah, but I'm in the weeds. She was collateral damage, just like the Nigerian kid. This isn't over yet. Cliff ordered one more, so who is it? This guy was just a trial witness; he might've even told the truth if Cliff blames him, why not the prosecutor, the jury foreman, the judge? Doesn't even have to be limited to the trial. There's no real way of knowing who's next. So we should just give up? Let Virgil finish his job and he's in the wind? Really, Lloyd? So we go back to arresting Cliff, trying to get him to talk. Did you just get here? There's no way Cliff helps us derail this train. Okay? He did this for his daughter. You of all people should know that. Yo, Ray, everybody's working the case, man. How you gonna ride us like that? You order us around like a screw; whole time you been lying to us-- Why aren't you a cop anymore, Ray? Huh? I mean, what'd you do, plant some evidence, put somebody in a hospital? I want to know who the hell I'm working for. That's enough. No, no, I got it, Charlie. You guys want to know what I did? I'll put it out there. I took eight grand from a bust to buy my kid a used car, so she wouldn't think I was a deadbeat dad. Okay, let me get this straight. You look down your nose at us, you call us animals, and this whole time you're a con? Worse-- a dirty cop. Oh, you want to judge me? Huh? Ray. A gangbanger who profited from his own people? - Ray. - A psycho vigilante who chose vengeance over motherhood? And you! You wrote prescriptions to college kids to cover your own debt. Please don't. An 18-year-old girl O.D.'d. All right... That's enough from everyone. Go outside, get Lloyd, put him in the car. I'll be right out. Now! My bad. Julianne, I need you to get a friendly judge on the line. I need an arrest warrant. Mr. Krauss, we have an arrest warrant. I hope you spelled my name right. It's not for you. Step aside, please. Dad, what's going on? You got no right to do this. Sure we do. There were two names on her college fund account-- yours and hers-- and since you insist that you did not hire Virgil Downing, well... Wait. I don't understand. Genevieve Krauss, you are under arrest for conspiracy to murder, obstruction of justice, lying to a federal officer. You know damn well that she had nothing to do with this! Dad! Get your hands off her! Hey. You don't want her dragged away? Photographed, fingerprinted, strip-searched... Then give us Virgil Downing! Let's go. I'll take care of this, honey. Come on. Let's go. You're a hell of a father. What happens now? Well, Parker Bancroft was killed in New York, so NYPD gets first crack at you. They book you. You get a lawyer, get arraigned... Or you could help us. Tell your dad to give us Virgil Downing. He talks, you walk right out of here. What's up? Let me talk to her. All right. We have more in common than you realize. Okay, I know you were raised by a single dad, the type of guy that has no business raising a little girl, let alone by himself. But he tried like hell. And for that, you love him more than you love yourself. And he would do anything for you. And maybe he did. When I was raped... I know it sounds crazy... It was just as hard on him. He couldn't move on. He talked about it all the time, about what he'd do to those boys if he could just get his hands on them. And what about the bartender? He was just a witness. And I don't know what he has to do in this. But I don't think my dad put those three bullets in his heart. All I ever wanted was to just put this thing behind me. How'd you know about the three bullets? Hmm? How did you know the victim was killed with three bullets to the heart? I read it. In the papers. Virgil's M.O. was never released to the press. You knew. Hey, listen, you have until I get to the door to tell me exactly what you knew and when you knew it, otherwise, this arrest becomes so much more than a ploy to pressure your dad. I didn't think he would actually do anything. But a few days ago, when I heard about Parker getting killed, I went to my dad. He told me about Virgil, about how things were already in motion, how you couldn't stop it. There's one more target out there. Who is it? I don't know. You don't know who's next? Well, you better figure it out pretty damn quick. I was on a date that night. He left me for his old girlfriend at the bar. I went with Parker to the fraternity 'cause I lost my ride back to the dorms. My dad hated Justin for that. Where is Justin now? She's not going to give up, Justin. It's not my girlfriend, all right? I swear, it's not her number. Let me get rid of them. Okay, whoever this is, your timing really sucks. Justin, this is Charlie Duchamp with the U.S. marshals. We believe that you might be in great danger. I need you to know your location. Zach? This is really not a good time, man. Justin, I'm telling you the truth. We're tracking your cell phone. You're at the pavilion, right? So are we. Where exactly are you? Uh... Okay. Who is this, really? Justin, we believe that Genevieve Krauss' father is blaming you for what happened to his daughter, and he might have sent somebody to kill you. To what? I-I can see you. You're walking right towards me. I'm waving at you. No. Justin, that's not me. Justin, run, now! Justin! This is for Genevieve. Stop! Ray, he's on the boardwalk, coming towards you. I got a visual-- He's heading back towards your way. Hands outside the jeep, Virgil. With your left hand, open the door. Walk to the back. Get down on your knees, hands behind your head. Your father is downtown in booking. Here's the address. You must be Genevieve. Come on. Take care of yourself, okay? You, too. All right, get your prison gear back on. I'm taking you guys back to Maybelle. What? Are your legs broken? I wrote that prescription, but it was an accident. All right. Give it a rest, Lloyd. No. The girl's boyfriend broke up with her, so she went to her apartment and swallowed a handful of philocets and a bottle of vodka. How was I su... Lloyd. Lloyd, you don't have to explain yourself to anyone. What happened was my fault. And I regret it. And I just want you guys to know that. Be right back. All right. Listen up. This task force was put together by special deputy Ray Zancanelli. And the only reason I agreed to head it up was because I believed that it would be motivated by people who just wanted to get their lives back. But that's going to require that each and every one of us looks past each other's baggage. So if you feel like you can't do that, raise your hand. You can take a ride back to maximum security when they come pick up Virgil. Good. Now let's just move on. Oh, and by the way, I have a congenital heart defect. I could drop at any moment. Okay? Now we've all seen each other's dirty underwear. Re-Sync from honeybunny's by Jeebai www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 