Breakout Kings: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Breakout Kings 
 s1e8 - Steaks - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Breakout Kings (2011–2012): Season 1, Episode 8 - Steaks - full transcript 
 An oversized inmate is poisoned and his coffin is used as a "Trojan Horse" for two inmates to escape the Cayuga Correctional Facility. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [TRUMP'S "JUST LIKE THAT" PLAYING] What you need? I get it to 'em - Just like that - With ease I'm just a young player Trying to do me - I get it to 'em - Just like that Man, you already know From the raps to the trap Making deals on the low MAN 1: Keep it moving. My 'hood to your 'hood More hustle, more flow James, quit messing around. LUMBER: Keep them coming, McCann. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 MAN 2: Just take it easy. McCANN: Bon appétit, slim. MAN 3: Easy does it, Gomez. If he's not back in two, kick his butt. [GROANS] [SHOUTING] MAN 4: What the hell? Time of death, 10:17. Day, do me a favor, call Potter's Field. Tell them we need special accommodation for a large corpse. Hop to it, ladies. Nurse, get this man a cold compress. FERRIS: Oh, you get to earn your 2 cents an hour today, boys. He's gotta be 500 pounds, easy. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Watch the shackles, fellas. Lift with the legs. It won't open. PRISONER 1: One, two, three. One, two, three. - Oh, God. - Aah! Holy, shit. Easy, sonny. Hey. PRISONER 2: Unshackle us, man. - Keys, padre. Get him in the car. PRISONER 3: Yo, McCann, take us with you. - Move it. Get in there, Ferris. PRISONER 2: Take us with you, man. PRISONER 3: Come on, man. Don't leave. So long, fellas. PRISONER 4: Oh, come on. Lucky break for them that Chubb Rock kicked the bucket. It's not luck. After the escape, they took another look at fat man, ran a tox screen. McCann worked on the chow line. He put something in this guy's food. - Perchlorethylene. LLOYD: That's a poison. Found in household cleaners. Day worked in the infirmary where the DOA was boxed up. Who knows how long they've been planning this. - What were they in for? - McCann for felony robbery. He would pose as a traveling salesman, gain permission into the home... - ...rob his victims at gunpoint. - Relatively speaking, Day was a lightweight. He stole a car on a dare, allegedly. The owner of the car, an elderly man... ...who Day yanked out of the driver's seat, had a heart attack and croaked. Felony murder. Twenty-five years. - Lifelines? RAY: Jules? Uh, McCann grew up in Tallahassee. Orphaned at 13 when his parents died in a car accident. Kicked around foster care after that. No family left. Day's parents retired to Scottsdale. Marshals from the office in Phoenix... ...are paying a visit to see if they know anything. Day has a sister, Janice, who works at a design firm here in the city. Okay, Ray, you and Shea go talk to the sister. Shea, am I boring you? A new restaurant opened up down the block. Red Awning Steak House. There's a coupon for a free dinner. "For our neighbors to come see why we're a cut," cut underlined, "above the rest." That dinner includes a steak? Like, real steaks? - All the fixings? - Yeah. I will fight for this. - Fine by me. LLOYD: May I see that, please? I ain't joking. I haven't had a steak dinner in five years. I will hit you for a filet mignon. You will get nothing and like it. There's a State Corrections officer... ...by the name of Dirk Ferris who's being held by two fugitives... ...who happened to have killed someone. No time for grab ass. - You never read Zig Ziglar? - Zig Ziglar, Ray? Motivation's like bathing. You gotta do it every day. All right. Whichever one of you three animals does the best on this caper... ...gets the steak dinner. LLOYD: That's all I need to hear. ERICA: I'm on it. Bet. Then let's go, then. Janice Day? We're with the U.S. Marshals. - We called on the way here. - If you can make an appointment. Thanks. You aware that your brother broke out of Cayuga Penitentiary earlier today? I am. You can set up a time with my assistant, Jeffrey. Pretty sure I'm free early next week. Thanks. - What's your problem? - Glad you asked. When I spoke to the prosecutors about how my brother stealing a car... ...when he was 18 didn't warrant 25 years, no one listened. And when I told the warden he was having a hard time in prison... ...he didn't do a damn thing. So everyone in law enforcement... ...which would include you two idiots, can line up and kiss my ass. Now, make an appointment, or I'm calling security. You want me to put you in cuffs for obstructing justice and march you out? - You would. - Damn right! Your brother and the other guy he busted out of prison with took a guard hostage. You're gonna have to work through whatever feelings you have... ...and provide us with some information. I don't know where he is. He hasn't contacted me. You know, I hope you never catch him. You said he was having a hard time in prison? - That's right. - Meaning? He said bigger prisoners were taking his stuff. Stuff? Like, as in... ...the personal area on your body that you don't want anyone messing around with? Look, I saw the intake photo of your brother when he was 18. In the joint, there's an appetite for guys who look like him. Now, I'm not clowning on him, and I'm not trying to be disrespectful... ...but I've seen it happen in prison, and it ain't cool. If he does something to that guard before we find him... ...he's gonna have a tougher time when he goes back. Every guard will know he messed with one of their own. So actually, you should want to help us find your brother. Oliver would never hurt another person, despite what's been done to him. Did he ever tell you he was sexually assaulted? I could see the shame in his eyes. Something had been taken from him. He just wasn't the same person anymore. These are McCann and Day's possessions. Have at it. I got it. Give me one. Hey, Erica, when they need somebody to, like, run really fast, I'll totally defer to you. But when talking about discerning psychological traits... ...through personal possessions, I got it. No. These things are hard to come by, and I like mine rare. So that was Ray. Day's sister said Day was getting punked in prison. - Were you aware of this? - Yeah, he came in young and tender. I didn't like his odds. But a pretty boy like that, what can we do about it? Okay, so if he was assaulted in prison, and let's assume repeatedly... ...he'd probably be suffering from some complex post-traumatic stress disorder. So this guy is a wild card. McCann? Did he have a rep of being a predator or another punk? Don't know. He was only with us for eight months. Kept to himself. - Were they cellies? PFEIFFER: No. They were on the same tier for McCann's first two months. McCann was transferred to a different cell. After that, they would have had zero chance of crossing paths. ATM hit on Dirk Ferris's bank card. Five minutes ago, at a convenience store in Binghamton. CHARLIE: Have the store pull the security video and notify local P.D. Also have Ray and Shea meet us there. Let's go. Hey, bring Dirk home, okay? He's a friend of mine. What the hell did you do? - He deserved it. - I'm not gonna let you blow this for us. Bad enough I only got 80 bucks out of this guy's account. Security guard around the corner gave me the stink eye. For all I know, he took down the plate number. We gotta be smart. I mean, unless you wanna go back to prison, huh? Is that what you want? - Is that what you want? - Of course not. Good. Good. Hey, you had the plan for, uh-- For getting us out... ...and for that, I owe you. There's a hundred thousand out there waiting for us, right? - Yeah. - You'll never get it without me. Flying under the radar and not getting caught, that's what I bring to the table. I'll get us this stash, just like I said. But you gotta get it together. - You gotta listen to me. - All right. All right, let's go. So much for them being not violent. Either we find them or we find more bodies. - We gotta figure this thing out. - Security guard from across the street... ...thought he heard a gunshot, he walked over... ...saw the preacher's car pull up and peel out of there. - Other than that, nothing. - They tortured this guard. There's three shell casings. One of them would've done the job. Two sets of footprints. Looks like McCann and Day are still together. Might indicate some kind of relationship, huh? A Siegfried and Roy type? What do you mean? Were those dudes gay? Probably something more imbalanced, like maybe McCann's the daddy... ...and Day follows his orders, you know? As for the guard, I would put my money on Day. After what he's been through in prison, he's capable of anything. If Day's being turned out by McCann, then why is he still running with him? Victims with prolonged abuse sometimes become dependent on their captors. They're reduced to an infantile state. RAY: Or the guy in the infirmary and the guy in the kitchen... ...thought they could help each other escape. Enough with the theories. - Let's find these guys. - Hey, check this out. - D for Day? - It's gotta be. - Lloyd called it. - Doesn't earn him a steak, right? Knox is already up my ass wondering why there are two escaped felons... ...killing a correctional officer instead of being taken to prison by us. - I don't wanna hear about steak. - Why leave his initial? Who does he think he is, Zorro? Well, that's how you mark your bitch in prison. With a tattoo, or a brand. McCANN: Three things you gotta know... ...if you're gonna make money selling door-to-door. Number one is you gotta look good. The customer's staring at you through a keyhole, so you gotta make an impression. - Put your jacket on. - Why don't we rob a liquor store? Because home invasion is a one-stop shop. We get food, money, wheels... ...clothes don't come out of a church donation box. Damn tie is stained. We can get you on a computer so you can track down this Terry Miller. - All right. - Now, the second thing is... ...you gotta be confident in your product, okay? You're selling something the customer can't live without. - What are we selling? - Doesn't matter. Today it's vacuums. - Nobody wants to buy that. - They just need to open the door. What are you gonna do with your half of the hundred grand? Head up to Alaska. Get a fishing boat. When I was a kid, I played baseball on a traveling team. I was 12 years old playing with 15 year olds. And, uh, my dad used to drive me all over taking me to tournaments. The first thing I'm gonna do... ...catch a ballgame in Florida. You said there were three things a salesman has to know. Appearance. Confidence. That's two things. What's the third thing? This is the third thing. Girlie mags? Yeah, McCann had a lot of them stashed away in his cell. - So much for your gay theory, Shea. - Don't mean nothing. I've seen guys go in with a wife and kids come out gayer than a clambake. Uh, one odd thing though. Columbus by Derek Haas. A novel about an international assassin. They both checked it out of the prison library. Multiple times. Passing messages through the library cart. Find me something. No mention of a jailbreak in the book. But after what happened today in prison... ...maybe he was looking for pointers on how to defend himself. There are way easier ways to cover your ass in prison. - Like? LLOYD: You know those tuna packets... ...they sell in the commissary? At nighttime, you take that stuff... ...you smear it over your body. Then don't shower for months. The smell would make an attacker throw up instantly. And you also have to sit alone at chow, and talk to yourself like you're a crazy person. Hey. Hey. Hey. What? I'll kill you. Shut up. [GROANS] - So you were that dude? LLOYD: Hell, yeah, I was. Those two elements combined, I had a shield around me... ...like I was in the Gungan frigging Grand Army. - Star Wars. - My homegirl. [COMPUTER BEEPING] Hold on. Charlie. Ahem. They didn't use this book to slip messages. They used code within the book. Look. Some of these letters have dots underneath them. CHARLIE: How long to crack it? - Depends on how sophisticated the cipher. Maybe an hour. - Maybe a year. - Well, shoot for the first one. Preacher's car was found in Poughkeepsie. Ray and Erica are close by. Have them respond. Shea and I will meet them there. You got the genius IQ, crack that damn thing. Might tell us what these clowns are planning. It is gonna be unbelievably difficult, but I will do it for you, Charlie. I will do it... ...for you. SHEA: What a dick. - Mmm. CHARLIE: Daniels, let's go. Preacher's car is still out back. They left on foot. You're, uh.... You're good, Ray. I've been meaning to tell you that. Kissing my ass ain't getting you that steak dinner, Erica. You know that, right? Ha, ha. I figured it was worth a shot. [SIGHS] They were trying on ties. Trying to smell nice. They wanted to look presentable for someone. McCann was busted multiple times for posing as a salesman... - ...and robbing people in their homes. - Yeah. RAY: Let me see your notes again. COP: You got it. Okay. The manager said that the maid's closet was broken into and a vacuum was stolen. - They're selling vacuums. - They're on foot... ...carrying a vacuum cleaner. Where's your closest subdivision? [DOORBELL RINGS] MAN: Who is it? - Uh, sir, my name is John White... ...and I'm going door-to-door today selling arguably the finest... - ...upright vacuum on the market today. MAN: Not interested. If you allow me a moment of your time to demonstrate, I think you'll find... ...that this is one item you simply cannot live without. MAN: I said I'm not interested. Well, now, hear me out. This, uh, baby has 500 suction units. MAN: Get the hell off my property before I call the cops. Too late. MORT: Hey! [MORT YELLS] Let's see. I thought this was gonna be Smithy Code easy. It's turning out to be Dorabella difficult. Either McCann or Day is really intelligent. It's Day. He was in all AP classes, 4.2 weighted GPA. Had academic scholarships to half a dozen colleges. - He shouldn't have stolen that car. - McCann's just as sad. A perfectly adjusted 13 year old. Drunk driver takes out his parents and then his whole life trajectory changes. Then you see photos of these guys after a few years in prison. That is because prison is awful. That's why I want that steak dinner. That's also why, even though Ray and Charlie crap all over me... ...this isn't that bad of a situation for me, because every time I taste real coffee... ...or I smell some perfume, or I look out that window... ...and I see the water, it's just like this... ...little tiny taste of freedom. I should try that sometime. Deprive myself of things so I appreciate them more. Just as an experiment. I got 25 years. It's not an experiment. It's my life. I'm sorry. I guess sometimes I forget where you go when you're not here. - Struck out. Anything? - No one's seen nothing. Got it. Lady across the street said a guy came to her door in a suit holding a vacuum. She pretended not to be home. He went up the cul-de-sac. So if he hit that house and the guys I talked to said they haven't seen anything... ...then he must have hit one of these houses in between. Pots are broken. Looks like somebody was in a hurry to get inside. Shoe prints. Stand back. MAN 1 [ON RADIO]: You look beat. MAN 2 [ON RADIO]: I am beat. MAN 1: Sounds like you could use a nice couch. MAN 2: I sure could, but I can't afford one. MAN 1: Then come on down to Eddie's Sofa Sanctuary... ...and see how your behind feels on our selection of sofas, loveseats and recliners. We also have a wide selection of affordably priced futons. And this weekend, all merchandise is 30 percent off. MAN 2: Thirty percent off? - You must be off your rocker. MAN 1: Maybe so. Okay, thanks, Jules. We put an alarm out on the old man's car. He put up a hell of a fight for an 85-year-old. - Yeah. SHEA: Check it out. I found this near the old dude's bed. They got off with two handguns and six clips. What? You happy now? I didn't take the damn things. McCann and Day didn't make off with any cash, though. They were digging for quarters here. - It's like amateur hour with these two. - Amateurs that have killed two people. One did a search on the computer. History was cleared. Call Julianne and have her contact Electronic Surveillance. They can ping that computer remotely and clone everything inside of it. Son of a bitch. - What? - This man was a marine. He served in Okinawa. I wanna catch these bastards now. McCANN: Unbelievable. Damn geezer let this thing get down below a quarter tank. - We got a few bucks. We can fill it up. - The idea is to keep moving. Not make pit stops and be seen. And not to beat to death old men because they talk back. DAY: I don't want to. For shit's sake. [TIRES SQUEALING] You need a tissue, baby doll, huh? - Some milk? - I'm fine. Cookies? You, you're a hot mess. I sure as hell ain't gonna let that mess spill onto me. I got plans. I didn't always have a number on my shirt, okay? I played ball. I went to church. I had food on my plate. I'm going back to that place where I don't have to walk around... ...with my fists clenched and sleep with one eye open. But I ain't getting anywhere without that money. So you better get it together and deliver what you promised. Then I go south and I get my life back. I'll get us the money. [ENGINE SPUTTERING] Aw, what the hell? What the hell? What--? We're out of gas. We're out of gas! Son of a bitch! All right, get out. Next town's about a mile or so. We're walking. I am so close. I just can't.... It's like trying to find the G-spot. I gave you all of the ISP info I was able to pull. No. Because I'm a data tracker, not a computer hacker. Well, then try control, alt, delete. Look, you're the expert, not me. Goal! - That's for a touchdown. - Touchdown! I cracked this bitch! Okay, here. In my cryptanalysis, I made the assumption... ...that this plaintext was encrypted into ciphertext via a constant... - ...when that's not-- - Lloyd. Lloyd. Lloyd. I have been on the phone with cybergeeks all afternoon-- Sorry, Gary. I don't think that I can hear anymore cybergeek talk thing. So why don't you just tell me what you found? Well, one, I'm very, very, very proud of your, uh, assertiveness there. That is-- That is really impressive. It's not a small step in your psychological progression. Well done. Two, it says "the house." - They are making reference to a house. - A house. - What house? Where? - I have no freaking idea. Now that I've cracked their little secret decoder ring, I'm going to find out. Oh! I just got a hit on the old man's car. - When it rains, it pours, baby. - One second, Gary. Yeah, Charlie, we got a location. Just outside a small town in upstate New York called-- - What are we stopping here for? - Either our boys got lucky... ...and someone passed them out on that road and they jacked them. - Or they hoofed it into civilization. - All right, split up. Everyone take a store. Yo, for the record, what she said was obvious. No way that should count towards the thing I can't mention. The delicious, perfectly seasoned, 14-ounce thing I can't mention. [EASY-LISTENING MUSIC PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS] CHARLIE: Afternoon. Charlie DuChamp, U.S. Marshals. I'm looking for these men. Have you seen them? No. Well, they're looking to steal a ride. Can you check to see if your car is outside? I walk to work. I'm sorry, but we're closing, sir. So if you could please just exit the store the way you came in. How about I leave you my number... ...and if you happen to see anything then just give me a call. Take care. They're in the pharmacy. You two cover the back. - With what, my good looks? - I'll do it. Thanks for the help, Shea. Okay, he left. All right, open the register. Come on. Move. Let's go. Let's go. [CASH REGISTER DINGS] SINGERS [ON RECORDING]: Deck the halls with boughs of holly DAY: Cops! [GUNSHOTS] [GROANING] CHARLIE: My heart. Charlie! CHARLIE: Aah! Aah! - Charlie! RAY: Charlie, you okay? Let's go. Move the car or I drop his brains on the floor. Move it! All right. Get him in the car. Keys. Give me your keys! ERICA: They took the keys. - Couldn't get a plate. RAY: I'll call it in. Okay, okay. So it's all about going for the money for them. Because it says, "It's all about getting the money from the house." We just need to know where the damn house is, you know? Okay, that was the marshals' Geek Squad. They found a search on the old man's computer for a Terry Miller. - Great. So that's where they're going. - Yeah. Except there are 4500 Terry Millers in the United States. Pharmacist's car was a newer model, 2005 or better. Can you narrow it down at all? Next time I'll try to get a better look when I'm getting shot. It was a white mid-sized SUV, okay? - Give us a minute. - Sure. Believe this guy? - You need to relax. - Relax? We lost the runners and gained a hostage. Why should I relax? Because your pump is gonna explode. Three inches higher, that bullet hits an artery in your thigh... ...I'm making a call to your wife. It just grazed me. These heart episodes are rare. I'm fine. Just mind your business. We were in a firefight and my partner was useless. This is my business. Keep your mouth shut. You want everybody to hear? Just do your job, or find yourself another one. EMTs said to use this and go home. But I assume you're only gonna follow half of that advice. I just got a call. Pharmacist and his car were found dumped behind a big-box store. Pharmacist was tied up, but he's fine. Big-box means big parking lot. They switched up their rides. There's hundreds of cars in a parking lot that size. It'll take us hours to find that make and model. More needle-in-a-haystack bullshit. [CELL PHONE RINGING] Hey, Jules. McCann and Day were using the computer to search the name Terry Miller. Uh, I found a recent home sale to a Mr. Terry Paul Miller... ...just 15 miles from where you are now. He's done time for drug possession. Maybe he and our runners crossed paths in the system. Lloyd cracked the code, and there is constant reference to a house. That could be the house. All right. Thanks, Jules. - What do you got? - The needle. You ready? Yeah. [DOG BARKING] Terry Miller. Damn it. I hate dogs. - You scared of dogs, Ray? - I didn't say I was scared. I said I hate them. Big ones bite. [KNOCKING] Terry Miller, U.S. Marshals. MAN: What do you want? - I want you to open the damn door. Put the dog away. MAN: Why? What's going on? I don't like this. He's stalling. He could be looking for a weapon. [DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES] Somebody split out the back. - Ready? - Yep. U.S. Marshals. [BARKING] - Get your hand out of that jar. - Easy! - Get your hand out of the jar. - Get that dog back. Marly, chill the hell out, man. I will shoot you, Marly. Get your hand out of the jar. I think I just earned a steak dinner. I'm gonna count to three. If you don't release whatever weapon you got... ...I will kill this dog. One, two.... [CELL PHONE RINGING] - Yeah? JULIANNE: Uh, Ray? I kind of made a mistake. What kind of mistake, Julianne? I gave you the wrong Terry Miller. CHARLIE: Seriously? Listen, Lloyd finished the code, and "the house" stands for Kellen Stackhouse. Days' former celly in prison. Had a rep as a sexual predator. CHARLIE: Get to the point, Julianne. The Terry Miller you want was Stackhouse's prison pen pal. Now they're engaged. They live together 20 miles south of there. Uh, sorry for the confusion. Hope I haven't caused any problems. This here was a big mistake. Why wouldn't you take your hand out of the jar? You could have been killed. - Weed? - I was scared. Look, on behalf of the United States Marshals... ...we apologize for any inconvenience that we may have caused, all right? Go ahead and enjoy your marijuana as if we were never here. You're not gonna have any problems. [DOOR OPENS] Dude had wheels. Is it just me, or are white people getting faster? What? [GRUNTS] Yeah. It's me. DAY: You can imagine how hurt I was when I hear in the yard that you're getting married. My invitation must've gotten lost in the mail. Hm. Our boys inside couldn't believe it. The House found some sweet, forgiving Christian woman to take him in. Now he's gonna be living the good life. On your wedding night, are you gonna hold your bride down by the back of her neck? Did you tell the ushers to bring cigarettes and cash... ...so that they could take turns on her too? What? This? This is just a warm-up. You should've seen what I did to that guard you grafted... ...so you could trade me out in the storage room. Listen, Day, you don't wanna do this. - This isn't you. - This isn't me? You made me. And this is all I am now. - Get that thing away from me. - This is for your protection. This is to make people know that you belong to me. McCANN: Day! - I can't find it anywhere. - Just keep looking. There's no place else to look. I emptied every drawer, closet. I tore up all the floor boards There's nothing. What is it you want, huh? I can help you find it. - Then you can go-- - Shut up! We want the money. Where the hell's the money your rich little girlfriend's got? We keep around a grand. It's under the TV in the bedroom. - Just--Just take it. - No. A grand? No. We want the money. All right? We know. We know that your little, uh, prison pen pal's got a stash, man. Wha--? The money you were telling Day about. The hundred grand! What? She's a lab technician. She inherited this house. We got no money here, all right? I swear! You lied to me? There was never any Alaska for you, was there? No fishing boat. This was about getting revenge on Stackhouse. You lied so I'd help you escape. - I had a place to go back to. - If you're gonna shoot me, shoot me. I had a plan too, and I am going to stick with it. [STACKHOUSE SCREAMING] Ray, you take the back. You two cover the sides in case someone tries to bolt. Hey, don't you pass out on me. We're just getting started. How am I supposed to get by on a grand, huh, Day? I mean, do you have--? Do you have any idea how bad you screwed me? I'm taking the car and getting out of here. [DOOR OPENS] [DOOR CLOSES] You move, you die. [GRUNTS] CHARLIE: Where the hell is Day? Is he in the house? Any hostages in there, huh? - Gun! - I'm gonna kill him. - And I'll kill you. - You better help me, man! - Shut up. - Take it easy, all right? Take it easy. Shea, put McCann in the car. Erica, go with him. - Ray, you got a bead? - Got him. - You shoot, I will shoot. CHARLIE: Take it easy. - Nobody's shooting anyone. DAY: I'm gonna kill him right here. - Charlie, I got a shot. CHARLIE: Not yet, Ray. We know what you went through... ...but you're the guy with the gun. Put it down. - He deserves to die. - That's not your call. Yes, it is. My first night in prison... ...he told me that if I fought back, he would make it worse. He traded me for smokes, for food. For five and a half years, every single day. If it's not my call, then whose is it, huh? What? Now he gets to live happily ever after? After he turns me into an animal? CHARLIE: Oliver, wait. No one can make you something that you're not. But if you pull that trigger... ...then it's on you. ERICA: Car! - Terry! - No! - Get her out of here. - Kellen! CHARLIE: Shea, grab her. Hold her back. DAY: Listen to me. I got something to say. This man is not who you think he is. - I can take him, Charlie. CHARLIE: Wait a second. When I got to prison, he preyed on me. Tortured me emotionally... ...sexually. I was 18 years old. I just wanted to take a car for a joyride. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. This belongs to you? No. That never belonged to me. [CAR ENGINE STARTS] It's not true, honey. Nice. Back in time for din-din. Raymond, shall we? - What makes you think you're getting it? - I cracked the code. Now we'll be cracking lobster tails as I enjoy my surf and turf. Back it up, professor. Anyone can sit in a warm office all day and read books. I jumped off a Dumpster like Jimmy "Superfly" Snuka... - ...and tackled a dude today. - He was a pothead. SHEA: We thought he was legit when I went after him. The guy was baked. Lloyd could've taken him. - That was uncalled for. - What pothead? The pothead house you sent us to. Maybe you was ripping off a few bong hits yourself. Charlie should get this. He went Lawrence Taylor on a guy, even with a bum leg. But I did promise it to a con. When I asked for backup at the pharmacy... ...it was Erica who got behind the wheel in two seconds. Thanks, Ray. Shocker. Gave it to the person with the most boobs. ERICA: No. "Better is the dinner of herbs, where the love is... ...than that of a stalled ox and hatred therewith." I read that on the end of a tea bag about 10 years ago, and it stuck. - You're a vegetarian? - Yeah. - Just-- - Oh, damn. Yeah. I'm a vegetarian who likes to win. Suck it. All right, get dressed. I'm taking you back to the joint. - That ain't right. - She ripped it twice, man. Hey, um, I can run the animals back to Maybelle if you wanna go home and rest. You know, Day just wanted to be 18 again. Like before. Before any of this ever happened to him. The cons just would like to have a meal at a restaurant, like they used to. And you don't admit it, but you wish you had your family back. I wish my heart worked like it did back when I was a kid. McCann just wanted to go back to when his parents were alive and life was good. But you know what the truth is, Ray... ...ain't no going back, man. Ain't no going back. [English - US -SDH] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 