Breakout Kings: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Breakout Kings 
 s2e6 - I Smell Emmy - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Breakout Kings (2011–2012): Season 2, Episode 6 - I Smell Emmy - full transcript 
 A female prison volunteer is attacked by a rough female inmate. On the way to the court hearing that is a result of that attack, the inmate takes ill at a very precise time. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The whole purpose of a journal is to get you to put your thoughts into words. I don't expect Emily Dickinson. Emily Dick-in-who? I don't care how well you write, just that you write something. It's the only way you're going to get a positive evaluation out of me. Bet it's not the only way, Claire. Emmy, please. What's up, no cleavage? Those hacks make you put that stuff on lockdown 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 before you came through the gate? Come on, just pop a few buttons, girl. Give us a peek at them handfuls. You do have a flair for colorful language, Emmy. Maybe if you applied yourself, you might have sold a novel for a million dollars instead of BJs for 20 bucks. I'll extend the deadline until next week, but bonus points if you turn your journals in today. Put it right there. Guard, help me! Guard! Guard, help! Help, help! Code gray, classroom three. 20 years wasn't enough for you, huh, Emmy? You had to tack on an assault charge? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Hey, you think that teacher will be there today? Try to rip her blouse off at the arraignment, see how far you get. Come on, Cait, give a guy a heads-up. Yo, don't try to pin that on me. You okay back there? I need a bathroom real bad. And there's one at the courthouse, hon. Come on. What about that gas station up the street? This isn't a family road trip. Pucker. I don't think I'm gonna make it. Sorry. Oh, man! That bitch just filled her drawers! Oh, you pig! Let's go! Come on! Let's go! Out, out, out of my van! Clear. All right, you're on your own. But we'll be right outside... hosing out the van, you disgusting pig. Who's gonna wipe me, boss? What? Oh, man! You're wiping your own damn self. Oh! Lord, have mercy! Whoo! Damn! Wash up good. Oh! Mm-mm! What are you hiding? Let's have it. Who you calling pig, bitch? *** Meet Emmy Sharp, a true product of the system. Went straight from foster care to turning tricks at the age of 16. But Emmy apparently got tired of being taken advantage of by her pimp, so she organized the other girls and tried to cut him out. I can't imagine that ended well. Well, he beat her up pretty good, but she's a stubborn one. She waited for him to fall asleep, she doused him with gas and lit a match. That bought her 20 years. I guess she didn't want to wait that long, or we wouldn't be here. Wait till you hear how she escaped. Go ahead. Tell 'em, Jules. Why me? Because it grosses me out. Okay. Um... Emmy attacked a volunteer teacher in prison, and then used her arraignment as an opportunity... to escape. And according to her cellie, she hoarded 30 packs of pistachios. That's at least a pound. I could eat a pound of pistachios. All at once? 'Cause that's what she did 30 minutes before she went in the van. The thing is, according to her medical jacket, she's mildly allergic to pistachios. Oh, my goodness. You know what that means? Yeah. Then you can tell everybody else what happened. Pistachios are a natural laxative, especially if you're allergic to them, so, if she ate that many, within 30 minutes, she would need to take a potty break. And I'm talking an emergency potty break, okay? I'm talking evacuate the villagers 'cause we have have a Chilean mudslide. All right, we get it. The point is, transpo van had to pull over, uncuff her so she could get clean. That teacher she attacked, could Emmy be going after her? Police units have checked in with the teacher, but it doesn't look like the attack was personal. Emmy just needed somebody to press charges so she could get out for an arraignment. This girl's clever and violent, and she doesn't care who she has to hurt to get her way. Where did she get the screwdriver? She smuggled it out of the prison shop. She used it to unscrew the security screen so she could get out the back window unseen. This isn't, this isn't a flathead or a Phillips. This a Torx driver. They're actually pretty uncommon. How did she know she'd need this to remove that screen? Same way she knew where to find the one toilet on the 20-mile ride to the courthouse. Someone cased it beforehand, knew kind of tool she needed, and hid it there for her. She's got outside help. Okay. Let's comb through her visitor logs, phone records, everything. Let's find out who's working with this fecal freak. Thought I told you to change. I-I... I'm gonna do that. Can I talk to y'all for a second? Are you one of the millions of people who suffer from dry, ashy elbows? Well, you are not alone. My name is Sean Daniels and I am pleased to announce that I have discovered the solution for the ashy elbow problem. Ladies and gentlemen, I give you... This ought to be good. I give you... Elbow Savers. Soft, fitted cups that cradles your elbow with moisturizer and eliminates the ash while you sleep. Are you having a stroke? It straps on like this so it doesn't rub off on your sheets. From ashy to classy, baby. Elbow Savers. The patent's pending, of course. So what y'all, what y'all think about that? You feeling that? I mean, I'm thinking about moisturizing it with, like, shea butter. It's a play on my name, "Shea" Butter. But I really think, it's gonna, you know, take me to Fat Pocket City once I'm out of prison. Lloyd, get out here. Hmm? You just got a postcard from Damien. I got a postcard from the psychopath that killed Charlie? Where is it? I want to see it. You guys just focus on the case that we were assigned. You come with me. "Dr. Lowery, I did not have sexual relations with that woman." This is a prank, right? This came from one of his fans. Or it came from Damien himself. I have three others just like it that all tested positive for his fingerprints and DNA. There's no postmarks. It's 'cause he using an anonymous mailing service. I can't believe Damien Fontleroy sent me three postcards and you didn't tell me. The first three weren't addressed to you. He's just trying to rile us up. Besides, I gotta keep you guys focused on other runners. You should've told me. Lowery, if this team isn't effective, you go back to maximum security. Is that what you want? Now, I'm telling you about this one because this one doesn't seem like an idle threat. It's different from the others. Why is he quoting Bill Clinton? How should I know? Because you understand him better than anyone else, including the guys on the task force that are hunting him. Well, Ray, it's been a while. And he's had time to lay low and regroup, so... I mean, if he's not killing already, he will be soon. Okay, so, Emmy only had one repeat visitor, and it was a fellow escort that testified at her trial. Jules is getting the address now. Can I see the postcard? You try to figure out what he's telling us. Erica, you come with me. What, are you trying out for Roller Derby? Get changed already. If Emmy's hiding out here, she's not exactly keeping a low profile. See if it's open. All right, open it up. U.S. Marshal! Yo! Live here? U.S. Marshals. You know a Kimberley Manning? No. Kimberly Manning, aka Ashlee? Oh. Ashlee. Sure. This is not what it looks like. No money changed hands here. I'm really not the kind of guy... I mean, I don't need to... All right, then go. Yeah. Learned Hand. Well, that's the worst band name ever. Come on. Now! Let's go. Get out of here. Beat it. Yeah. Boy, you don't tire easy, do you? Learned Hand just took a walk. You Ashlee? Get a robe on. You telling me you saw Emmy three times in the last eight weeks, and you know nothing about a plan of escaping? Honest, she never said a thing about it. Okay, then what did you guys talk about? Everything. We were best friends. You know, it's not right what happened to her. Rooster beat the piss out of Emmy. What she did to him was just self-defense. Rooster was her pimp. Really? Not her mortgage broker? Okay, killing a man in his sleep isn't exactly self-defense, and what she did to that guard was flat-out murder. If you had anything to do with her escape, that makes you an accessory. If you weren't involved, prove it. Tell us where she is. I don't know. Okay, look, you're her best friend. She didn't tell you ever she wanted to go somewhere special? Florida, Europe, Legoland? Girls like us-- we don't make too many long-term plans, you know? How about short-term ones? What's the first place she wanted to go when she got out?  I don't know! Sit down! I don't know, probably slash the tires of the guy who ratted on her. And who is that? A john. A regular she trusted a little too much. She told him about killing Rooster. Two hours later the cops arrested her. Okay, look, we need to find this guy. Emmy isn't the type that just slashes tires, you know. Who is he? You got a name? All right, Jules, track down the homicide cops who arrested Emmy. We need to find their source. This guy is in trouble. All right, have a good day today. Lloyd, maybe Damien quoted Clinton 'cause he's hiding out in Little Rock, Arkansas. Or maybe you should go figure out why your Elbow Savers launch tanked so badly and let me think, please, Shea. Jules, I need you to double-check the address for Emmy's regular. There is no 307 Meadows Road. Ray, I-I didn't say 307 Meadows Road. Uh, Christopher Chaplin lives at 307 Meadows Terrace. Jules, I got Meadows Circle, not Terrace. This has got to be it. Jules, you been able to get this guy on the phone yet? Nope, still going to voice mail. Christopher Chaplin? Yeah. Ray Zancanelli. What can I do for you? You know a prostitute named Emmy Sharp? Uh, honey, one second, I'll take care of this, okay? Geez. How about a little discretion, huh? So you haven't had any trouble tonight? I will now. Is it done? Baby, it's only getting started. Victim's name is Sean Lyons. 42, local businessman. Shot once in the head with a .38-caliber sometime last night. Killed him in the kitchen, dragged his body into the garage. Probably wouldn't have been missed for a while, except his buddy stopped by at dawn to borrow a golf club. Ended up having his whole game ruined instead. Where's Mrs. Lyons? Still trying to figure that out. I've shown you mine... We're chasing a runner who assaulted Claire Lyons. I'm guessing she's involved in your murder. Name's Emmy Sharp, just booked out of Bedford Hills. The chick that messed her drawers? Yep. Well, that makes more sense than my current suspect. Works in the guardhouse. He was on duty late last night, so we woke him up to find out if he saw anything, and he starts acting all squirrely. One of my guys matched his shoe to a print we found in the flower bed, and he clams right up. Won't say another word until he gets a lawyer. All right, I'll call you back. Was Jules able to track Claire's phone? No, she says the phone is still in the house. We're giving it a call now. Trash is vibrating. She threw it away. Along with... her IDs, credit cards... Anything else in there? Yeah. Her wedding ring. So Old Hickory Bourbon's a defunct brand. It used to be distilled in Philadelphia. So is Damien in Philly? I mean, that just seems too simple. Is that the rent-a-cop's footprint? What was he doing there? The window's not jimmied. Stay on that postcard, Doc. I got this. I see what happened here. Uh, gentlemen, if you'll take a closer look back there, you'll see that this gentleman left you a DNA sample in the shrubbery, because he stood at that window last night, pleasuring himself with his right hand. Right? This is the masturbation expert. Let's hear it. A motion alarm went off in the booth. Usually that means there's a raccoon in the perimeter. I went back there to check it out. While I'm back there, I glance through the window... and there's these two hot women making out! I'm gonna get fired for peeping. Well, beats fighting a murder charge, Spanky. Let's take a ride. Yes, sir. So Emmy and Claire were K-I-S-S-I-N-G. Okay. Claire supplied the screwdriver Emmy used to escape. They're working together. Ya think? The absentminded professor over here put it together already. Wait, aren't you supposed to be figuring out why Damien is referencing the Clinton scandal? I'm trying, but I don't really remember much from that long national nightmare. Man, how could you forget about that? That was on the news 24/7. I'm sorry, Shea, uh... maybe I was a little busy back in, what, 1998? I was fresh out of school, baby, I was just starting to make my mark... interviewing criminals like Damien Fontleroy. Son of a biscuit. ...work your magic on it. Hey, Jules, could you contact Dr. Adam Sills and get any video archives he might have from the interviews I did for the government study in the winter of 1998, please? I'm on it. Thanks, Jules. Did Sean keep the keys in the office or the booth? Uh, the booth, I think. Well, this is long-term parking, right? We're gonna need a car that no one's gonna miss for a while. Yeah. This is long-term. I got one last question: Does Sean bang an employee from most of his parking garages, or just this skank? Ooh, I've always wanted to drive a Mercedes. Go! I'm gonna need that back. Where's Ray? Look, Erica, I ain't saying you got dry, ashy elbows, but you gotta know somebody else who has some. We all do. Elbow Savers could be a thoughtful, inexpensive gift. So how much would you pay for something like that? Where's Ray? Hey. Sean's cell. Filled with some pretty racy texts and photos sent back and forth to a few different women. Whoo! Hound dog. Neighbors say Claire and Sean had a horrible marriage. Never took her on the honeymoon that he promised six years ago. Always put work first. Yeah, "Work." Well, no wonder Claire turned to a woman for companionship. She's a dutiful wife-- ostensibly heterosexual-- trapped in a frigid and deceitful relationship for years, until she's convinced to try switch-hitting by a professional whose own flexible sexuality is in itself probably just a grab bag of predilections. Or she could be a LURD. Lesbian Until Release Date? It's, uh, where a convict resorts to being homosexual on the inside, and then switches as soon as she gets out. Are you saying Emmy's gonna turn straight? Or Claire. She wasn't incarcerated, but her marriage seemed like a prison. I mean, it turned her gay, and now that she's been released from this bad relationship... I've been looking through Sean's bank statements. Few grand in a couple of accounts, but my guess is, he's hiding the real money somewhere else. All right, Jules, there are a couple of banks still open. Has Claire tried to access any joint accounts? Doesn't look like it. See, parking garages are cash-heavy businesses. And this guy's shadier than an oak tree. He's been audited twice by the IRS, but they didn't find dick. Homeboy's stacking chips somewhere. You know, the proverbial coffee can in the backyard? I bet you Claire figured out where he buried it. Okay. B45, 46. B47. Here it is. All right. All right. Where's the other key? What other key? For the other lock. Oh, no. Oh, no, no, no, no, no! I-I went in Sean's workbench, I grabbed the key that said "Storage unit." Damn it, girl! It never even occurred to me that there was gonna be a second key. Oh... They're going to catch us now, aren't they? Claire! We came up with a good plan, all right? And I believe in it. I chalked up another body on my scorecard because I believe in it. I believe in us. Me and you, through and through. No lock is gonna stand in the way between you, and me and Montana. You really think Sean's gonna keep a pile of cash in a cheap storage unit instead of a safe-deposit box? I don't know. All I know is, the man's been audited twice. He ain't keeping all that guap in a bank, I don't care how discreet they say they are. Sorry. You guys looking to rent a unit? Ray Zancanelli, U.S. Marshals. A man named Sean Lyons has monthly charges to this facility on his credit card. I need to know if he's keeping a storage unit here. Ooh. Um... I don't know if I'm allowed to share that kind of confidential information... Well, you're gonna... What the hell? Open that gate. Come on. Come on. Open the gate. Stay in your office. Do I leave the car here, or what? Sh... Okay, okay. Right is go, left is no. And... poop, ow. Okay... This is touchy. Uh... okay. Oh, my God. Okay. Take it! Go back! Hold on. Ten and two! Ten and two, baby! Hand over hand. Ten and two. This is why you don't have a driver's license. My first time with two lesbians didn't go exactly how I planned. Look, I already told you, it's a black Mercedes C-class. '09 maybe. The front end is all smashed in. Just, you got to tighten your noose. They can't have gotten far. How did you not see the spikes? 'Cause I don't have X-ray vision, Ray, okay? I can't see through cars. How far out is your air support? Curb tore right through their oil pan. My boss is gonna kill me! Who's gonna pay for all this? You're kidding me. They found the car abandoned five miles away. With a seized engine, no doubt. Buddy, look, I hope you're... Sir, are you kidding me?! Go back inside! Well, Thelma and Louise either hitched a ride or they stole another car. I mean, these broads are nuts. Th-They're shooting out padlocks, they're busting through fences. Well, that's Oxytocin in action. It's the cuddle hormone, okay? It's a neuropeptide released by the hypothalamus during sexual stimulation. Women have five times more of it than men do, so basically we're dealing with a pair of huge over-stimulized brains. Well, the bag they took looked heavy. They got away with about 30 pounds of something. Let's hope it's not pistachios. Ray? What do you got, Jules? Tell Lloyd his tapes are here. The Damien interviews. Keep your head in line! Great, tighten up! Great job! Great, tighten up! Make sure you spot! Back in line. Make sure you spot, Bo. Try again. Good job, tighten up! Point! Point the toes! Squeeze! Keep your head in line! In seventh grade, we had our first school dance. I made out with Barbara Blakeman. She let me cut off a piece of her hair, and it excited me. What did you do with her hair, Damien? I took it home and masturbated with it. It gave me a sense of control. What are we looking for? This is the interview tape from January 26, 1998. Now, that's the day Clinton publicly denied any shenanigans with Blue Dress McOnherknees. I can't watch this dude. We're just getting to the heart of the fragmentation though, Shea. He's about to reveal his splinter psyche. That's the point where his infantile ego regressed and his false self emerged. I would look at it over and over again. Think about... keeping her with me for as long as possible. Even if it was just keeping a part of her. Eventually, just a part of her wasn't enough. Did your parents ever notice any of this abnormal behavior? What makes you think my parents would have any idea about what's normal? God, I was good. I mean, my father had an excuse: he's a visionary. But my mother... My mother... She's the mad scientist who made me. Okay. January 26, 1998. This is the day Damien first starts talking about his mother, the person he's convinced is the source of all of his... shall we say complicated feelings towards women. He blames all of his troubles on her. So... "I did not have sexual relations with that woman." That could be an oedipal reference or... ...or, if Damien Fontleroy is changing his M.O., he could be going after his mother. All right, Jules, tell HQ we need to put Damien's mother in protective custody and we need to keep it quiet. On it. Good job. Dude could be talking about your mom, Lloyd. Come on, pick up. Pick up the phone. Pick up the phone, pick up the phone... Oh, you're there? Sorry. Hey, Mother, are you okay? I'm sure you would be better if I'd call more often, but I'm calling you right now... Yes, I am flossing, I promise you. But listen to me, I have something very important... The task force has been staking out Damien's mother for weeks. Okay, it's-it's very important. Have you seen anything unusual in the past few days? Weird people hanging around the neighborhood, anything strange at all? What do you mean you got a postcard? : It was addressed to you, which I thought was strange since you don't have any friends. What did the postcard say, Mom? It's against the law to read other people's mail, Lloyd. Not that you care what the law says. Okay, Mother, I need you to just lock the doors and stay inside, and we'll send someone to come keep an eye on you. Why? What's going on? Doesn't matter. I just, I need to see that postcard, Mom. Do you remember how to use the fax machine? One, two! Good job, guys! Stunt practice is tomorrow. Ice your bodies and get some rest. We are... Rock stars! That last eight count was off. Yeah, tell me about it. We, like, never stick that ending. Well, you're really close. Hey, buddy? This is a closed practice. Deputy DuChamp, U.S. Marshals. I'm here on official business. Oh, sorry. I didn't know. Well, now you do. So what's the official business? It's about your dad, actually. I need to talk to you. Liberty Bell. He's definitely hinting at Philadelphia. "Dr. Lowery, change is the law of life "and those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future." I hate this dickhead. He's telling us he's changed. Yeah, into more of a psycho. In a way, perhaps. Remember, he's used to murdering as part of a team, so now he's doing the work of two psychopaths. And he's gonna have to change his M.O., because without Brent around, he has no audience anymore. All right, Jules, get the task force on the phone. Philly is the last thing this son of a bitch is gonna see. And what's going on with our case? Where the hell is Emmy and Claire? Uh, I'm still working on Claire's computer. The drive was completely wiped, so data recovery is taking forever. That bag of theirs is too heavy for cash, so we got every bank and exchange in a 500-mile radius keeping an eye out for a large precious metal transaction. Made by two homicidal lipstick lesbians. Still no hits? No hits. Sweetheart, that's got to be a half a million right there. Where'd you two get all this? They're my grandmother's. They're her grandmother's. If you're bringing this to me, it ain't your granny's. What you're doing is asking me to fence stolen goods. And the going rate for a fence is 60%. That'll work. Well, come on in. I hope you don't need small bills. No, big is fine. I like big. How about a big gun, you bitchface? You and your girlfriend are all over the news. All right, just stay cool, all right? We can work something out. No kidding. Now, here's my offer. My cut is 100%, and your cut is I don't call the cops. You're worse than my pimp. Baby. You look really pretty today. I used to date lots of... pretty girls. But they always bored me. I hope you're not going to bore me, Megan. That's a good girl. Let's get you ready. I can't believe this whole thing started with notes passed back and forth in a prison journal. That prison journal was crap, Claire. This... this is real. Emmy, that journal... ...that wasn't crap. All right, the things that you wrote about your pimp, those resonated with me. And I was finally able to understand my marriage, and I was able to talk to you in a way that I had never talked to anybody before. Claire, I... No, listen. I was scared before. I was scared that maybe this all meant more to me than it means to you. No, don't-don't say that. No, Emmy, I'm not scared anymore. I believe in the plan, and I believe in us. I can't believe I killed a man. Hey. Do you remember the first time that we kissed? The utility closet? With the guards right outside the door. Just inches away. Do you know that was the first time that I ever slept through the whole night? Like a baby. And it was as if those horrible prison bunks were like the palm of your hand, and you were just cradling me. I love you, Claire. I love you, too, Emmy. Hey, So, fingerprints put Claire Lyons and Emmy Sharp at the scene of that gold exchange robbery/homicide. So, they're moving south, racking up more bodies. You get anything off Claire's computer? I've recovered a handful of directories so far, no e-mails yet. Uh... Oh! Okay. I've got her search history going back about three weeks. Ski resort in Jackson Hole, fly-fishing in Bitterroot Mountains "Where the swans go to mate." A hotel, Maison de la Salle. That sounds fancy. They're definitely going to Montana, maybe for the honeymoon that Claire's husband never gave her. I think it's more permanent than that. She also searched real estate listings for ranches in Bozeman. Nesting. It's another side effect of Oxytocin. If they're dreaming about Big Sky country, how come they keep steadily moving south? Because the hormones would be affecting their reasoning. I mean, think about it. These two were in love for weeks, maybe even months before they got to see each other. That's a lot of tension to work out. Or one of them's dragging their heels. I mean, I'm just saying. That's a good point. Even with all that Oxytocin, some women can't commit. Hey, Ray, that hotel, Maison de la Salle, it's, it's not in Montana. It's right here in New York. Okay, so they're going on their honeymoon before they start their new life in Montana. Really? So they're gonna check into a fancy hotel while they're being pursued? Doesn't make any sense. Romance doesn't have to make sense. All right, Lloyd, stay on Damien's postcard. Erica, Shea, let's go. So, tell me the choices again. Chloe Knight or Ivy Leder. So Miss New Jersey or a lunch lady. Yeah, they're not the best fake names in the world, but they're gonna allow us to own 60-acres in Montana! I'm so excited. Okay, well, Ivy is gonna go smoke a bowl. Will Chloe draws us a bath? Bath time. Here's Johnny. Shh. Emmy, are you coming in? It's perfect. Hi! I want you to know I wasn't lying... when I told you about the first time that we kissed? Baby, you had to know I wasn't gonna strut around Montana in a cowboy hat. What do you mean? When I first came on to you... it's not that you're not sexy as hell, Claire, but you were always just a part of our plan. Our plan? Emmy? Do it. Emmy. Emmy. Do it. Do it! Do it already! Emmy, what is this? Emmy, what are you doing?! Please! Emmy! Emmy! Emmy, no! Emmy! The water's still warm. Emmy didn't leave behind anything. Least of all the loot. This was a con from the get-go. Emmy is one cold-blooded bitch. The front desk says that Claire paid for the room with cash. Didn't see Emmy coming or going. So what's the story? If Emmy wasn't caught up in the romance, why was she waiting around for the honeymoon? She wasn't. She was waiting around for a rendezvous. Unless Emmy pees standing up, there was a guy here. What did I tell you? "Lesbian until release date." Wait a minute. Freeze it. I know this douche bag. This was the john that was in Ashlee's apartment, except he's no john. What was the name of his band? Uh, "Hand" Something. Uh, Learned Hand. Jules, what can you find out about a band named Learned Hand? Ray, "Learn-ed" Hand. Hold on, Jules. What are you talking about? Two syllables: "Learn-ed." Learned Hand. Isn't it spelled the same way? So what's the difference? I can tell you they have a terrible name. If a guy in a band named Learned Hand is getting laid, there is no justice in the world. Okay, I've got a Web site for Learned Hand. Um, looks like the frontman is a John, Johnny Griffin. Looks like they're a local band. This is weird. They've recently canceled all their upcoming dates. That's because Johnny's leaving town. We gotta find out where to. Okay. I'll see what I can find out. Ray, Ray, I figured it out, the postcards! "Change is the law of life." That's not Damien speaking, that's JFK! And the other quote was Clinton. And "Old Hickory" Was Andrew Jackson's nickname. So these are presidential references. So we have three presidents and Philly. Um, Julianne, see if there's any streets named Clinton, Jackson, Kennedy in Philadelphia. Uh, all of the above. They're pretty popular street names. Damn it! Although, Jackson and Kennedy intersect. And it's the location of a Clinton Fabricators, Ltd. All right, Jules, patch me to the Marshals office in Philly. Got it. And get a hold of Johnny's bandmates. See where he might be off to. Why would you tell them I was your singer? You know I can't sing. Baby, we're a lounge act on a third-rate cruise ship. Nobody's expecting to hear... Rihanna. Hey, Let 'em fire us. We're bailing out at Saint John anyway, right? Don't get clever, Emmy! Put the bag down! On your knees! How'd you find me? Hey, easy on the guitar. Johnny's bandmates were pissed he split. They're calling you Yoko. See, I had this little theory that the only reason why you went gay for Claire was because you're surrounded by nothing but women. Turns out, you're just a selfish, scheming whore. Get on your knees. Let's go! Move, move, move! Let's go. The door. Go. Hey, move, move! Go, go! Hold up. Hostage in sight. Hostage in sight. We're good. Thank you. She's alive. No sign of Damien. Whoo! Hello, Lloyd. Damien. Great job today, Dr. Lowery. I'll admit I was pretty unimpressed by our last encounter. But now I see I'm going to have to raise my game. That's interesting, Damien, 'cause I feel pretty confident that it's you that's not handling business the way you used to. If you want, I could put my gun down, so to speak, we could talk. I know that tactic. We've read the same philosophers. "Always recognize that human individuals are ends." You know the rest, right? "Do not use them as means to your end." Immanuel Kant. I have to thank you, Lloyd, for freeing me. I don't need Brent anymore. You've opened me up to a whole new world. You know, whether he realizes it or not, Damien still very much needs an audience. That's why he sent me all those clues 'cause he couldn't stand the idea that nobody's seen his work. I think I'm Damien's new audience. They have a team on it. I mean, I've been sending them everything I've been collecting on Damien. There's nothing they could do. A lot of good they've been doing, Ray. A lot. The van is waiting. They've called twice already. All right, hold on. Those guys could use our help. Order in some Chinese. I'll take you back when I take you back. Dig in. Table Savers. Hmm? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 