Breakout Kings: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Breakout Kings 
 s1e7 - Fun with Chemistry - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Breakout Kings (2011–2012): Season 1, Episode 7 - Fun with Chemistry - full transcript 
 A modern-day Bonnie and Clyde escape from prison and go on a crime and killing spree. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 MAN 1 [ON PA]: All visitors must sign in. All visitors must sign in. Hi, Barry. It's so great to finally meet you. - Wow. Pictures don't do you justice. - Heh-heh. MAN 1 [ON PA]: Close gate B-1. Mom! Mom. You came. You look good. What do you need, Mars? Must be big, you couldn't ask on the phone. I just.... You said I wasn't your son anymore. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You said wouldn't know me if you passed me. Not unless you gave me an apology is what I said. That's all. Is... ...that why I'm here? [GASPS] GUARD 1: Get down! MARS: Open the gate! - Open it! - Prisoner, drop your weapon. MARS: Open the gate, screw! Open the gate! - Take it easy. Let's talk this through. - Open the gate, or I open her throat! - Mars, you're hurting me! GUARD 2: Hold your fire! I can put you in ad seg or the ground. - What's it gonna be? WANDA: Mars! - Oh, no! GUARD 3: Get down! Down, down, down! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - I can't get a clear shot. Hold your fire. - I'm sorry, Mom. [ALL SCREAM] [GASPS] MAN 2: O'Connell! - There's number one! Wanna try for number two? GUARD 4: Get the doc! - Open the gate. - Sergeant. There's kids in there! Open it! [DOOR BUZZES] Let them through! - Where's your keys? - Right there. Get them! GUARD 5: Stand back! Move, move. MAN 3: Eyes on them! - Which car is yours? - Red one over here! GUARD 6: She's bleeding out. GUARD 7: We need an ambulance! GUARD 8: Get a doctor! MARS: Go, go, go! Starla! Marlon O'Connell, a.k.a. Mars. He was doing a one-year bid for trespassing and petty larceny. Needed things, wasn't discouraged that the hardware store was closed. This guy's a lowlife and a chronic loser... ...never displayed violent tendencies until this morning... ...when he killed his mother in Wallkill... ...then escaped with a hostage. He killed his mother? Police found the hostage's car a half a mile away... ...no signs of O'Connell. Must have had a ride waiting for him, which means he had outside help. [SHEA & LLOYD WHISPERING INDISTINCTLY] CHARLIE: Shea! This better be about the case. Why are you making me wear Seinfeld sneakers? You think I go shopping for your clothes? Julianne gets the clothes that you wear. You'll wear tissue boxes if she gives them to you. Where's my boots? I'll look like a Herb. CHARLIE: Enough about the shoes. We have a dead civilian and a hostage to worry about, okay? - Now-- SHEA: This is some bullshit. CHARLIE: The hostage's name is Starla Roland. She was visiting another inmate that she met online. Could've left her with the car. Must have a use for her. Drain her bank account? What's the story with Starla? She lives in Montrose with her parents it looks like. Perry and Sandra Roland. Get them on the phone, find where her bank account is. Not gonna work, there's too many pieces of paper in there. [LINE RINGS] WOMAN [OVER SPEAKER]: Hello. [CLATTER THEN LINE DISCONNECTS] RAY: What the hell's that? CHARLIE: That's weird. Well, how far is Montrose? RAY: Lloyd, you stay in the car. [DOORBELL RINGS] WOMAN: Help! In here! Help! Oh. Thank goodness. I fell. Ray! All clear. You okay? - Yes. - Let me help you up. - Where is he? Is he here? - Who? They're not here, Ray. She just fell going to get the phone. Well, she's not his hostage. She's his girlfriend. - What will it do? - I don't know. I heard it'll take a man's head clean off. Baby! Starla isn't only implicated in O'Connell's escape... ...but she's also an accessory to murder. I can't believe that she knew... ...that he was going to kill his mother, she couldn't have. You do accept that your daughter was a willing participant in his escape. My stepdaughter, actually. Her mother died years ago. But I raised her as a daughter, until I got sick. And now Starla takes care of me. She's a good girl. But that Mars, he changed her. [DOOR OPENS] - Perry! - Are you okay? Thank you for leaving early and talking to us. PERRY: Heard more details on the radio. We're not talking to you. Not without a lawyer. Uh-uh. My daughter is a good girl. Your wife tells a different story. - What did you say to them? - Nothing. She is a good girl. But she gets involved with the wrong type-- PERRY: She has a thing for bad boys. So what? Perry, you have to admit Mars was not like the other boys. How long did they date before he was arrested? Four weeks? - Weeks? - We thought his legal troubles... ...would put an end to it, but she became more obsessed. Not another word. Not without a lawyer. Anyone asks, we never saw this. Friend at county pulled Mars O'Connell's juvenile records. Supposed to be sealed. Jules, uh, just out of curiosity, what's the story with you and Ray? Story? Yeah, I thought you two had a.... No, not at all. I'm around four men. Charlie's married, Shea is as good as married, and... ...Lloyd is Lloyd. But you're, uh.... - You're telling me Ray's available? - Uh, yeah. - Interesting. SHEA: Check this out. At 11, Mars was cited for shooting a neighbor's cat with a BB gun. At 13, he was cited for making threatening phone calls to a teacher. - At 15.... - He was arrested for burning down... - ...a homecoming float. - Little Rascal crimes. Really? It's not about the crimes, Spanky. It's what it tells us about Mars. Arm-length aggression, he's a loner, dad's not in the picture. Pair him up with Starla. Hey, do we know how Starla's mom died? That's gotta factor into this. JULIANNE: I'm trying to find out everything I can about Starla, but it's not easy. She doesn't have a criminal record. Personalities are like molecules, and some molecules react with one another... ...quickly and dramatically. You know, take Charlie and Shea, for instance. - Don't have a problem with Shea. - Two dark-skinned men. One of them, born in poverty and driven to a life of crime... ...by a cultural mistrust of authority, the other, college-educated... ...working for the government that enslaved his people. Do you have a point? If you bring those together, they are predictably explosive. Boom! - Finish. - Okay. Mars O'Connell and Starla Roland... ...fell hard for each other and that is a synthesis reaction. It's two simple compounds combining to create something altogether new. It's a passive female, finally defies her parents, she goes rebel. And then a latently aggressive male finally crosses over to overt violence... ...because she encourages his fantasies. Now, the only question is, how far do those fantasies extend? So you think there'll be more bodies? JULIANNE: Guys? Two weeks ago, Starla went to Pennsylvania and bought a gun. Yeah, I'm guessing more bodies. [STARLA GIGGLES] MARS: Good afternoon. [WOMAN SCREAMING AND GUNSHOTS] [SIREN WAILING] CHARLIE: Everybody ran as fast and as far as they could, including the cashier. Nobody saw which way they went, or what car they were driving. She posed no threat. They had access to the register. They killed her for the hell of it. These are spree killers. Starkweather and Fugate, Bonnie and Clyde, Klebold and Harris. Two unremarkable people who cross paths and the result is bloodshed. - Bad chemistry. LLOYD: Like I said... ...aluminum and iron oxide. Individually stable, mix them, you get thermite. Starts a fire that you can't put out. Heh. How'd that conversation go? "Hey good-looking! Why don't you finish that chocotini, and we'll go kill a hobo." LLOYD: Yeah, more or less. Dominant one seeks someone who shares his sick view. How do you make that girl into a murderer? The one who nurses her mother? That makes it easier to flip her. Starla's grown, but for 10 years... ...she's given stepmom sponge baths, wiping her ass. Looking for one in the mold of her father... ...someone to take her away from all this. In walks Mars. Did the guy in the kitchen overhear anything useful? What guy in the kitchen? ERICA: This guy. [WHIMPERING] His name's Patrick Malloy. He's got two kids. And that's his wife. She's in that body bag right there. No wonder he won't talk. He's probably got a wicked case of survivor guilt. He was in there for the whole thing, Lloyd. LLOYD: I can only imagine what you're going through right now... ...but we really need to know what you saw and heard in there. There's a bird called the Nepalese egret. And the Nepalese egret builds her nest in the riverbank to keep her eggs warm. But that leaves them vulnerable to crocodiles. But when a croc does attack, the egret does something kind of strange... ...she flies away. She flies away because she knows that if she stays to fight... ...the crocodile will kill her. And there'll be no one to look after the eggs that do survive. Those two people had a gun. If you stayed to fight, who would have looked after your kids? You did the right thing. I know that you are in incredible pain right now... ...but we need your help, sir. ERICA: What's Mars looking at? By the display rack. Pamphlets. Tourist trap stuff. RAY: What, they going sightseeing? He said they took his wife's keys and drove away in her car, a blue RAV4. - Here's her license plate. - I'll get Jules on it. Got blood on your shoes. ERICA: Did that guy overhear Mars and Starla saying anything? No. Yes. Uh, she said something about a roll in the hay after they were done. - A roll in the hay? - Yeah. Good place to lay low in the off-season. CHARLIE: There's the blue RAV4. Erica, you and me, let's go flush them out. What, and I just gotta sit in the car? Since when do you wanna get involved? Fine. They could be anywhere up in there. You could use my help. But you're the man. You say sit, I sit. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on a second. We need somebody out here to cover the entrance and wait for backup. Got it? Got it. Here's everything I have so far on Mars O'Connell and Starla Roland. I'll look for more. Get to work. We need to find a pattern before they kill again. There's not gonna be a pattern. They'll kill when the opportunity presents itself. We're gonna need dumb luck to catch them... ...or just wait for Starla to turn on Mars. - I don't see that happening. LLOYD: Yeah, it will. Submissive partner is less immune to guilt. She'll feel bad about the killings and look for a way to undermine Mars' plans. Not going to wait for her conscience to kick in. - Sit down. Get to work. - Yeah, okay. [LLOYD CLEARS THROAT] [SIGHS] JULIANNE: Lloyd? - Mm-hm? Um, could I ask your advice about something? LLOYD: Mm-hm. If there was someone I felt strongly about... ...and, um, there was only a brief window of opportunity to make my feelings known.... Uh, you mean, like, you, you only have occasional access to this person....? - Sort of. - Okay. You know, given the issues that I've been working through... - ....and the fact that I'm-- - You should go for it. - Really? - Mm. - Because.... - A healthy relationship moves you... ...into the adult ego state, which grounds you for.... [CLEARS THROAT] The short answer is that, yes, you should go for it. - You sure? - Completely. Any one of you tries to escape... ...you'll get sent to where we found you, sentences doubled. [KEYS CLICK IN IGNITION] You see anything? Don't tell the others. Here. [MAN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY ON RADIO] Must be the winter superintendent. Wallet's missing. No key ring. They must have gotten his vehicle. [PUNK MUSIC PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS] STARLA: Oh, I think we're in trouble. [STARLA & MARS LAUGHING] You can't park here. Come on out. [GUNSHOT] We got the officer's dashboard cam footage. It uploads remotely. - Shut it off. LLOYD: Shh, I can't hear. You know how it ends! You wanna know what these two are capable of, you gotta watch this, Ray. [GUNSHOT] These two are going down. Mars O'Connell and Starla Roland have so far racked up four bodies. Now, the media's only reporting three... ...because they don't know about the park superintendent. We hope if O'Connell and Roland don't know we found the body... ...they might try to use his cards. Uh, there's still no hits on those. The execution of New Jersey State Trooper Glen Randall... ...has made this an extremely high profile case. Right, because it ain't a big deal until a cop gets capped. Let me explain to you what should motivate you. There are over a dozen agencies working on this case... ...so if the "Breakout Kings" don't crack it, you don't get your month. Why are you always riding my ass? - I can explain that to you. CHARLIE: Shut up, Lloyd. RAY: They found the police cruiser in Wanaque, New Jersey... ...sunk in the reservoir. No wonder transponder wasn't working. Must've stolen another ride, nothing's been reported. So they're still roughly moving south. How can we know what they'll do if we can't predict their next move? Um, I've been compiling a list of Mars' known associates... ...and while he was awaiting trial... ...he spent three weeks in a cell with Harry Lee Reddin. SHEA: The bank robber? They put him in Sing Sing with me. Consecutive life sentences for killing them tellers. No joke. Dude's a badass. Ray's the one who brought him in. Uh, it caught my eye because of the fairgrounds thing. Reddin hid out for a few days in a ski resort in July. He was also a stickler for changing up cars at least once a day... ...just like these two. Mars must have taken lessons from him. See if Reddin can shed some light on Mars' intentions. - He won't be happy to see me. - If you need a hand, I can tag along. A little eye candy never hurt a negotiation. Ray, wait up. I'll, um, print you a map to the prison. Sing Sing? I've been there 100 times. Don't worry about it. Okay. Well, uh, then good luck. What was that? That, that wasn't.... Um--I wasn't, uh.... - I didn't.... CHARLIE: Zancanelli, let's go! RAY: Gotta run. Hey, you okay? Mm-hm. Sorry for pimping you out like this. - If things get creepy, you let me know. - I appreciate it, Ray. And if he wigs me out, I'll give you my safe word. But don't worry. I've never needed it before. MAN: Open the interrogation room! [DOOR BUZZES] Oh, Zancanelli, you can kiss my ass. What's up with you, Angelina? Mango. How you been, Harry? Assume you heard of Mars O'Connell? Man, I ain't telling you dick. RAY: This is what I could do for you if you cooperate. I could get you into the prison GED program. Great, so I can train to be a dental assistant. You'll get one hour a week of Internet access. We could arrange it so the guards turn off the content filters. You can go to any site you want till your forearm seizes up. - You gonna put that in writing? RAY: You know I'm good for it. Tell me about Mars. This guy's pulling moves right out of your playbook. Writing a playbook of his own, sounds like. RAY: Well, did Mars share any fantasies about killing people? - You know, going hog wild like this? - He didn't share a lot. Didn't have much personality at all. I sure never figured him for a psycho. Give me something. You spent three weeks with him. REDDIN: I did all the talking. He asked me like a million questions, how'd I keep on the run so long, but... ...I never thought anything of it. All the cons wanna hear that stuff. So what'd you tell him? REDDIN: How to get some easy cash. How I hit those resorts in the off-season. Told him when the heat's hot, you gotta hole up a while. That's how I kept you at bay, dumb guinea. You call me that again, and you'll lose your teeth along with your Internet. You hear me? REDDIN: Easy, Ray. RAY: What else about Mars? I told him to establish a routine. Get everyone thinking that they know your next move... ...then break the routine. When they figure it out, you're a puff of smoke. Like how you robbed five banks in one week... ...then busted into that beach house? Yeah, like that. And I told him if you're gonna sit awhile, you might as well pick someplace nice. [ROCK MUSIC PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS] [STARLA LAUGHING] [STARLA WHOOPS THEN LAUGHS] [POLICE RADIO CHATTERING] Shotgun's missing from the rack. Great. No reports of a vehicle stolen from the vicinity? For all we know, they hitched their way out. That hasn't been their M.O. so far. I mean, they just take what they want. - They're breaking their routine. - What are you mumbling about? How Reddin got the cops away. He established a routine, and broke it without warning. These guys stole, what, four different cars to get here? - We're busy looking for the next one. CHARLIE: But there isn't one. What're you saying? Still in the area? ERICA: Hey, come check this out. Another thing Reddin said is when it's time to lay low, find someplace nice. High-end subdivision? How far you think they'd walk? Criminals are lazy, any of these houses would do. Say they walk 15 minutes, average speed is three miles per hour... ....which gives us a radius of what? Um.... What's the formula to find the area of a circle? - Do I look like Lloyd? - Two miles. Housing densities around here? Gives us 2000 doors to knock on. - Gotta be more efficient. - They're just not gonna pick any old house. - They're gonna pick houses that don't-- - Don't tell us. Tell them. Excuse me. Can I get your attention, please, everyone? - This is Shea Dan-- - Hofnagle. Shea Hofnagle. Shea is a convicted felon who has chosen... ...to generously lend his expertise to the U.S. Marshals. He's gonna tell you what to look out for. Mr. Hofnagle? All right. You wanna blow right past any crib that has an alarm company sign out front. - Hey. Buddy. Eyes here. OFFICER: Sorry. Looking for something private so neighbors can't see you jimmy a window. Feel me? So we're looking for fences, bad exterior lighting... ...oh, and look for houses with no dead patches on the lawn. No dead patches means no dogs. [CHUCKLES] You know, all my life I got people like you looking down on me. Bunch of rich bitches. Now you're looking up at me, aren't you? You know, my mom worked three jobs just to feed me? How many jobs you got, huh? Let me guess. Zero? Except maybe spreading your legs for this one every other Thursday. Birthdays and special occasions included? - How about you, Sparky? - I think Haley has something to say. Let's hear her out. We have lots and lots of nice stuff. Please just take what you want and go. MARS: Go! Heh. Go? Oh, no, we're not going yet. We got very special plans for you people. Isn't that right, Starla? First, I have some errands to run. Sweetheart, where'd you put the keys to the Mercedes? Wow. Lloyd, look at this. Starla's mother died in a car accident when Starla was eight years old. Yikes. Right in the sweet spot of moral and emotional development. Starla was with her when they got hit by a truck. The car was wedged underneath the cab of the semi. Paramedics had to use the Jaws of Life to get Starla out. After her mother died, they sawed through her body... ...in order to extricate eight-year-old Starla and rescue her. Jesus, no wonder she has a death fixation. [COMPUTER BEEPS] Someone just used the fair superintendent's ATM card. Right inside our search area. [ALARM CHIRPS] [SIRENS WAILING] Yeah. Establish a perimeter. Watch every exit. No one gets in or out. All right. That's her. That's Starla! [HORN HONKS] [STARLA GRUNTING] Where is he? - Where's who? - You know who. Where is he? Where's Waldo? Some rope, bleach, staple gun. What are you sickos up to? Not about inter-agency bullshit. We're trying to catch who killed the trooper. I appreciate that. You'll get a crack at Starla... ...as soon as our specialist is done. Hey, could you please explain to this cretin that I'm one of you guys? You're not one of us, but it's okay, cut him loose. - There you go. RAY: What's your plan? LLOYD: I'm gonna play on her guilt. Once the submissive partner's caught, she invariably tries to blame the other one. - Uh, say she was forced into it, whatever. - Well, she hasn't yet. - Just give it some time, Ray. - No, Lloyd, we don't have time. That psychopath is still out there. She's still under his spell. And it's your job to break it. Let's go. HALEY: You know, we have another car, if you wanna go look for her. - Maybe she took off. - Shut your face! I felt his presence before I ever even laid eyes on him. Starla, uh, the less cooperative you are, the more trouble you're gonna be in. Then he smiled at me, and he said: "My name is Mars, and I've had my eye on you." The second I heard that name, I knew he was the one. Mars and Starla? I mean, tell me that doesn't imply some sort of cosmic connection. - Anything in that mailbox? - No answer. I was just checking to see if they'd brought in the mail. Yo! Are you serious? Turn around. Man, those are some ugly shoes. Hit every house in a 10-block radius of the plaza. Maybe she drove there? Dumped the car once your boys showed so registration wouldn't lead to the house. We'll go wider. Starla, did you know that, uh, Mars was gonna kill his own mother? How'd you feel when you saw him kill her? Does it bother you to think about that? It didn't bother Mars. She was his mother. LLOYD: The woman in the convenience store? The state trooper? Why did they deserve to die? STARLA: They didn't deserve to live. They didn't have what it takes to survive in this world. Only those with the strength to take a life deserve to have a life at all. Is that what Mars told you? STARLA: Do you know that Mars is the ancient god of war? This is Ellie Kearns. Look at me when I'm talking. She stood by and did nothing while her husband raped and murdered... ...a string of college students 30 years ago. This is her today. Serving a life sentence because she could've stopped him, and didn't. Every year she blubbers to the parole board, every year they send her packing. That's gonna be you, if you don't give up Mars. Would you like some water? STARLA: It's right here. Ray. Could I, uh, talk to you for a quick second, please? Ahem. [LLOYD CLEARS THROAT] I don't think she's gonna turn on Mars. You said the submissive one eventually.... I know what I said, but.... Listen to her, okay? Look at her behavior. She turns her body. She makes you go around to face her on her terms. Get in her grill, she challenges you by staring you in the eye. She doesn't even think to push her glass closer so I can fill it. Nine times out of 10 the male partner is the one... ...who drives these murderous dyads, but not in this situation. She's the dominant one, all right? She is calling all the shots. Lloyd, she's like a buck-oh-six. Her parents said she went through... ...a whole series of delinquent boyfriends before she settled on Mars, right? She was auditioning potential killers. She was looking for a dominant male like her father. No, she takes after her father. She's the strong one. Which means Mars, the monster that she created... ...is out there running around without anybody to rein him in. And he's scared and he's desperate and if he has hostages, Ray-- You know what, screw this. I'm gonna pull the car back around. - You keep an eye on her. - What are you gonna do? Okay, fruit loop, you don't wanna give us Mars? I'm gonna drag you up and down... ...every cul-de-sac in that subdivision screaming his name. And when he sees you with my gun in your mouth... ...he's gonna show himself. HALEY: She's gone, okay? Maybe that's good. It means you don't have to listen, and that you can-- - She doesn't tell me what to do! - I didn't mean that. I meant-- Look, all of you get up. Go down to the basement. What? Why? Why do you think? Get up! Maybe she's lost. These neighborhoods all look the same. It's.... She's just lost, that's all. And if you do this without asking her.... You should give her a little more time. Like, maybe like this height.... I need a badge. That's the third time they pegged me for a Jehovah's Witness. [CELL PHONE RINGS] - Julianne, what's up? JULIANNE: Charlie, Ray's got a plan. All right. [CELL PHONE RINGING] RAY: Hey, Charlie. Yeah, we're about to leave. - Unless you got a better idea. LLOYD: You know, Starla, I, uh.... I know how your mother died. Seminal moment of your childhood was watching life escape from a body. So now, every time that you kill... ...you're reliving the last few moments you had with your mother. It's.... RAY: Yeah, okay. Yeah, I'll be careful. - It must be awful. Ray. - Easy, now. - Easy yourself. You wanna know where Mars is? All right, I'll take you right to him. Oh, feces. - Hey, Ray, Ray, great plan, man. STARLA: Move. - Really great plan. You soft in the head? - I'll snap you in half. When will you snap me in half? If you haven't noticed, we're about to die. She gets us in this house, we die. STARLA: Shut up! - Keep your cool. You are a meatball. This sucks! This sucks, Ray! Do something! You know what? He's right. I think I'll just disarm you out here. - Keep moving. I'll do it. - I'm not so sure. MARS: If she doesn't, I will. Inside. [GIGGLES] Look, baby, U.S. Marshals. I'm a criminal. I'm one of you. Move! Let them go. We'll take their place. - Why don't you speak for yourself? - Get on your knees. Keep your hands up! RAY: At least let the kids go. They don't need to see this. LLOYD: My death's on your hands, Ray. I'm holding you responsible for this. STARLA: Get them, Mars. Do them both. - Don't listen to her, Mars. - It was her idea, we know that. - Pull the damn trigger! Why don't you do it yourself? Why won't she do it herself? STARLA: You don't think I can? Think again. [GUN COCKS] [GUN CLICKS] [CLICKING] It's a trap! Shoot them, Mars! Shoot them! [GRUNTING] RAY: It's about time. MARS: It was her idea. I didn't wanna do any of it for real. It was all just talk, but she.... What the hell happened? I dropped the keys on purpose so she'll lead us here. What happened? You stop for a smoothie? We almost ate lead. Julianne had to track your phone. Let's go. You let her escape? I didn't tell you because I needed it to feel authentic. The gun wasn't loaded, Lloyd. That's a great plan, Ray. What about his gun? Huh? That's a fair criticism. [ALL WHIMPERING] CHARLIE: Yeah. Look, man, if I hadn't spotted Starla... ...there's no way we would have gotten there in time. I think I earned the right not to wear these anymore. Fair enough. Shea. I don't distinguish between shades of color in here. Color? Man, I look at you and the only color I see is blue. And that's cool. As long as I get my months off. You're getting your months off. Hey, about what happened at the coffee machine? Oh, that. Heh. I was just trying to give you a kiss on the cheek. - And then you moved your head, and.... - I'm just... I know, right. Um.... I'm sorry. Come here. I should have known. ERICA: I knew it. I hate being a bridesmaid. RAY: What's going on? - What's going on? - You used me, Raymond. - Yeah, I did. Effectively. You should have told me. Instead of panicking, I could have helped. Your panicking is what sold it. No, you used me, selfishly. Same with Julianne. What're you talking about? Anybody with an eyeball can see that she has a thing for you. And you exploit that for what, to get her on the team, to keep her focused? You out of your mind? We're close because I was there when she got DQ'd from the academy. And I've been trying to get that kid back on her feet ever since. Get your facts straight. Don't dangle a relationship carrot in front of her... ...just to get her to do good work, okay? That is self-serving and it's damaging, Ray. You're spinning out, Lowery. Try and get it together. What's your problem? JULIANNE: Guys? The van to Maybelle is waiting. [DOOR CLOSES] Come here. Just buy her some flowers, Lowery. And keep me out of it. [SNIFFS] [English - US -SDH] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 