Breakout Kings: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Breakout Kings 
 s2e4 - Cruz Control - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Breakout Kings (2011–2012): Season 2, Episode 4 - Cruz Control - full transcript 
 Following a very clever breakout from the motor pool, the escapee takes off on a killing spree with reckless abandon until Lloyd realizes that, driven by his own fatal diagnosis, he is checking off a killing bucket list. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hey! When you gonna be done? Shit, boss, transmission's shot. Four days. Maybe more. Make it three or go to the hole. Seriously, Warden's up my ass on this. Fine, but I'm gonna need some help. Fischer's got the skills. Hey, mouth breather. Get over here. Fischer, you're reassigned. This car's top priority for both of you. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Get it done. Three days. Yes, sir. Thanks for looking out. You got it. Good to go down here. I'm just about finished, too. Gotta tighten down the compression valve. Make sure it's perfect. The warden's wife and his mother are driving it out. 351, inbound. Five minutes ETA. Hold up! Thank you. Oh, no, not me. I don't sit in the front. Not the way she drives. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 When is the last time you cleaned this thing? Looks like a tornado rolled right through it. Cruz, Fischer, where the hell are you guys?! Hey, you better get the hell out here and clean this mess up. Oh, my God, the seat's moving! The what's moving? You, know what, Mom? You're officially senile. Congratulations. Will you stop?! Open the door! Will you just...? Oh, my God! I need your purse and your phone. Sorry, granny. Sync by YYeTS, correction by GeirDM Resync by into-the-light www.addic7ed.com Lowery, Floyd, clear for visitation. Hey. What are you doing here? I'm ready to talk about... what was on my computer. The articles... concerning Gary Margolis... and how that pertains to me. Okay. Um... let's start with, first of all, this is huge that you're here. I'm letting go and trusting you, Lloyd. Okay. Who's Gary Margolis? When I was eight, Margolis kidnapped my cousin. We were walking back from the park to her house. He pulled up in a van and... tried to grab me. I broke free and ran. I thought that she was right behind me. That was the last time I saw her. That's awful. I'm so sorry. You're familiar with the term "Survivor's Guilt"? All right, well, I'm just gonna say a statement, Julianne, and you tell me if you agree or disagree: You deserve to be happy because what happened is not your fault. I disagree with the first part... and I've never thought about the second part you said. Try to think about it now. Um... It's Ray. We have a runner. Great. But, wait, listen. Now, you have turned a corner here, Julianne. We both know this. Promise me that even if you get scared, you'll keep pushing forward. I promise. Hey... mister. Did I see Jules at Maybelle earlier? I... don't know. See? That's why you suck at gambling. You have the worst poker face ever. The Doc finally scammed a conjugal? She was probably just registering our time off with the warden, you guys. Uh-huh. Bow chica bow-wow. The only visitor I had this morning was my mother, and I don't discuss conjugals, so... Wait. That came out wrong. Wait. All right, let's get moving. Meet our runner Benny Cruz. An OG in the Eastside Royal gang, serving life for the murder of two rival gang bangers. Cruz killed a fellow inmate in the prison motor pool, and then escaped in a car with the warden's wife and mother inside. Both were left unharmed. He did steal their purses. No hits yet on the credit cards or cell phones. They're lucky he didn't kill them, too. He might as well have. He messed with the Warden's family... Trust me, Cruz is a dead man when he gets caught. He's already a dead man. He has got lung cancer. Stage-four small cell. Prison hospital records indicate he's got two, maybe three months to live. Then we better get cracking and find him before he croaks and we don't get our month off for capturing his ass. The most dangerous runners are the ones that got nothing to lose. Okay, so we got a bar of soap. Don't drop that, hmm? Uh, pomade. Classy. Two-month-old newspaper. Timely. A Bible with underlined passages. Hmm. And... Oh, it looks like we have a budding Michelangelo. St. Michael the Archangel. Yeah, he's a real Renaissance man. To be a fugitive's hard enough when you're healthy. The state this guy's in, he doesn't have a shot. That's not entirely true, Dr. Do Very Little, because with some cancers you're as healthy as an ox till the day you die. If I only had a couple of months to live, I'd break out, too. Do everything I always wanted to but never got a chance. Your bucket list? My what? Your bu... uh, bucket list. From the movie. It's an outstanding film. Never heard of it. Look, he's still a gang banger who probably hasn't set foot outside where he grew up near Morningside Park. It's not like he's gonna move to Paris to live out his last days. He has one surviving relative, an uncle. Yeah, who's also a high-ranking gang member of the Royals. No way he's telling us anything. We shouldn't go see that guy. Also because you had beef with the Royals? And there's that, too. From your gangster days, is that what we're talking about, Shea? Eee... We're going to see the uncle. Get dressed. Hey, so, I think that our next step should be something... Lowery! Let's go. Let me have a pack of gum. Strawberry if you got it. Can I get a receipt? You gonna write off a pack of gum? Every little bit counts. Car's done! She looks good. What the hell are you doing? I need your car. Ray, we're in prime Royal gang territory. I'm not down with this. You'll be all right. The Royals are like Southern rednecks. They hate three things: black people, the police and black people. If one of them recognizes me, I'll be dead before Cruz. That's why you're staying in the car. Anything happens, you got Lloyd here for backup. Are you serious? Ooh, I can handle street gangs, buddy. I was in a production of West Side Story and I will be a Jet from my first cigarette to my last dying day. I'm a dead man. Hey, what's up? I'm looking for a Roberto Menchaca. Yo, Roberto! A cop's here. They're called, uh, police officers, young man. U.S. Marshal, actually. Where's your customer service? You like some water, soda... cerveza? No. I want to talk about your nephew, Benny... in private. If I had a few months to live, I've narrowed my wishes down to three. Yeah, my wish is that I wasn't sitting here like black target practice right now. First, is to play in the World Series of Poker, proudly... proudly wearing... a flame shirt. Knock yourself out, Lloyd. Shea, what would be your dying wish? I'll take my girl to the penthouse of the Plaza, pull down the blinds and ride it out till the end. Which might be coming soon, if you don't pay attention. These dudes don't play. "Ride it out"... is that a double entendre? Yeah. Whoa. Look at this. Never seen you before. Where you from? I'm Chewey's cousin... from Flushing. Flushing, wow... what are you doing all the way over here? My man's getting out of Riker's tomorrow. Wanted to set him up with some new rims. What's the matter? You don't, you don't take cash? Fine. Whoa. Hold up, ma. Hold up. Hold it, hold it. Check this out. We got this five-o in the back, I'm a little off my game. Don't take it out on me. No, that's my bad, baby. Let me show you some rims. Yo, take the car. Yeah, so, check it out. We got these 24s, right here, it's got a nice lip. It's a really dope, sick rims; They're nearly sold out but I could hook you up. You got the new Asantis? Ooh. Those things are, like, a couple of stacks. They're like five grand a set. I know what my man wants. Bet you do. Give me a sec, let me see what I come up with. All right. Cut the good guy act. I know all about you You're a two-striker with ten felonies on your record. I reformed myself. I always say, it's never too late to change. Your cousin had everybody thinking he was reformed, too. Till he broke out. Tell me where he is, or I'll have every agency you could think of tearing this place apart. I don't know where Benny is, but even if I did... a Royal never betrays their own. Where's the reformed Roberto that you were just telling me about? He's telling you to kiss his brown culo. Now if we're done here, I got this fine little piece of ass coming over in about an hour. Works for the NYPD. Tells me everything I want to know as I'm bending her over my desk. Well, maybe if you had another inch, she would've told you I was coming by. If I find out you're hiding him, I'll be the one bending you over that desk, slapping the cuffs on you. Okay? See? I told you he wasn't gonna talk. We came down here and risked my life for nothing. You get the memory card? Oh... : patience, young Jedi. Patience, young Jedi. It's Yoda. Yeah... I got that. Star Wars marathon last night. Finally got cable in my apartment. Only one black guy in that whole movie and they make him a traitor. Calrissian, please. Cancel the rest of my afternoon. I'm heading to the Colony Club. All right, sir. Hey, you're Thomas Kelly, right? If you're looking for representation, you have to make an appointment. I just got one question. Okay, make it quick. When you know your client raped a girl, and you still get him off, does that make you feel good? Okay, pal, we're done here. Does the money they pay you make you forget that you're evil? You have gang-related tattoos. Why don't you take a look at your own life before you start judging other people. I already have. Call the cops! Security guard gave a description that matched Cruz's prison photo. She saw him leave the building with Kelly. Security guard saw him? Yep, walked right by him, signed in under his own name. It's like I said, the most dangerous runners are the ones that got nothing to loose. I can think of a bunch of people that would want to kill their lawyer, if given a chance. Yeah, but he's not Cruz's attorney. I mean, Kelly represents high-end clients, not street level thugs like Cruz. Well, this wasn't a robbery gone wrong. You don't sit in a lobby with a bunch of witnesses just to grab somebody's wallet. He stabbed the guy half a dozen times with a pair of scissors, he's upset about something. : Greg... Go ahead, Jules. Scanned the security memory card and the uncle's s phone records for the last 48 hours. No sign of Cruz. All right. I'm on the run, dying, take a detour to kill a lawyer I've never met? What kind of plan is that? Cruz would've seen a prison hospice worker. Maybe they'll be able to shine some light on what he was thinking before he broke out. I'll have the prison send over Cruz's hospice worker, ASAP. That's good. : So what I was thinking... Lloyd, I-I can't understand you. What I was thinking... Mm-hmm. Was since Margolis's parole is coming up, maybe you should write something for it. Now, not only will this reduce his chance of getting out, I also think it'd actually be really therapeutic for you. Done. Really? Yeah. Good. Good. Ying Hey, Martin. What's up? Leave me alone, Officer. I'm minding my business. Hey man, you think I'm a cop, just ask me. I gotta tell you. Are you a cop? Nope. Let me ask you a question. I got some candy in my car, you want it? Hey, man, what is your problem? You like dogs? Cause I just got a brand-new puppy, why don't you come check him out? But you can never tell your parents about this because I will hurt them. I know you don't want that. Beat it. By the divine power of God, cast into Hell, Satan and all evil spirits of this world. So, what did, uh, you and Cruz discuss during your sessions? Sorry, but I can't break patient confidentiality. It's against my medical code. Okay. Uh, it's Remy Coulston, Elmira Prison Hospice Counselor. She treated Cruz. So, uh, first of all, you're not a doctor. I, on the other hand, am. So instead of me wasting time listing my many impressive qualifications... Trust me. And he can go on for days about that. I will. So let's try this again. What did you and Cruz talk about? His childhood. Mostly about his mother getting killed or about his involvement with the Royals. Traumatic events in early childhood can create a dual psychopathology. After the trauma, a tough, closed-off person emerges, giving one a false sense of control. The purer self is tossed aside and forgotten. Cruz is very aware of all the pain he had caused and he expressed nothing but regret for that part of his life. More like regret for getting caught. Convicts are people with hearts and souls, whether you choose to acknowledge that or not. Were there any negative cognitive schemas that Cruz just couldn't let go of? In the beginning, he felt doomed, flip-flopping between intense sadness and uncontrollable anger and fury. But then there came a point, about two months ago, where a calmness came over him. What seemed like a real sense of peace. As if he'd come to terms with... Mr. Heart and Soul may have just dropped another body. Excuse me. Is this the guy you saw? Yeah. I was dropping off towels when he walked out of the room. Right past me. Real intense look on his face. Cruz really took it to this guy. I got blood everywhere. You know how much it's gonna cost to clean this up? You don't seem too upset about your tenant. I won't loose any sleep over a dead pedophile. Only reason I tolerate it is 'cause the state pays me to house all these perverts. This place houses registered sex offenders? Grouping together a bunch of sexually deviant criminals, I can't imagine what could go wrong, sir. This place is filled with sex offenders. Why did he go after this one particular pervert and not anyone else? Well, guy next door said the victim was a chain smoker. Could've been the only person standing outside of his room. You usually keep Bibles in these drawers? Yeah. Replaced the one he left in his cell. So he bashes the guy's head in, and then reads some scripture? That's kind of mixed signals. Cruz is stuck in the bargaining stage of death right now, unable to accept his past sins... Then he'll know murder is a cardinal sin, not a path to redemption. Very good, Raymond. I wouldn't have pegged you as a churchgoer. Every Sunday, dickhead. All the sketches in, uh, Cruz's cell were of the Archangel Michael, the captain of God's army, and he was sent here to rid the world of darkness... holy shit. What? Okay, this is a new one for me, you guys. I've never read about a case like this much less encountered one myself. Cruz is trying to kill his way into Heaven. Great. Explain to me why we're trying to stop Cruz. I mean, he's killing dirt bags. I say let him do his thing. Oh, I wonder how he feels about ex-drug traffickers. Should we slide him your resume, Shea? Regardless of who he's taking out, you can't appoint yourselves judge, jury, and executioner. Good point. What's your tattoo stand for again? Hey, is that the Chinese symbol for hypocrite? I still got room for one more, Shea. Allegedly, though, right? Hey. Hey. Crazy runner today, huh? Yeah, aren't they all? Okay. It was nice talking to you. Um, did you ever write about what happened to your father? Uh, to help you deal with it? I kind of dealt with it in a more... physical way. Right. Yeah. That's right. If you could do it over and write something, would you? I don't know, Jules. What's-what's going on? I just thought that I would talk somebody who's been there. Um, Lloyd suggested that I... put my thoughts down. Lloyd is a socially-inept, know-it-all, self-centered pain in the ass who likes to push people's buttons. Except for when it comes to you. I mean, he... clearly cares about you, and he's... I will deny ever saying this. He's probably the smartest person we're ever going to meet, so, if Rain Man wants you to do something, I'd probably listen. Erica, I don't mean to be rude, but you didn't answer my question. There's, uh... There's no do-overs for this sort of stuff. You deal with it, or it deals with you. Basically admitted that C just killed those dudes. Ray, we already went through this stuff. Then we'll go through it again. And again until we find something. All right. Whoa. The Cubs swept the Mets? That was two months ago. Doesn't matter. They still suck. How did Cruz get a newspaper anyway? I mean, most Max Shacks only let you get the news from the TV, 'cause if you roll one of these bad boys up, like so, you can hide some serious hurt up in here... metal bars, shivs, shanks. Handle your business. Yeah, but why did he keep it so long? I was thinking the same thing. The Metro section's missing. I'll pull it up. Where's all the hooker ads at? It's all on the Internet now. What? Yeah. A sad day has fallen upon the pimp game when dude's in minks and gators got to know DOS to pimp ho's. DOS? Are you still rocking out Commodore 64, Shea? When was the last time you used a computer? It's been a minute. I got a hit. Which victim? Both of them. Their names were in that missing Metro section. Uh, an article on an acquitted client of Thomas Kelly's, and a piece on Martin Mitchell about, um, motels housing sex offenders. Okay, so he kept this Metro section in his cell for weeks, studying it, obsessing over it. Reading stories about bad people he believed deserve to die. And his hospice worker said he found some peace, like, two months ago. That's when he found this newspaper and came up with his delusional plan to get into Heaven. Cruz killed during the breakout? Um, a third-strike offender raped and killed an 80-year-old woman during a burglary. See? He started his plan even before he broke out, and he's gonna continue the plan until he feels like he's done enough good to counteract his evils. What else you got in that Metro section? Five more articles involving a violent crime. Uh, one's an AP article so it's not local, and two are where the perps were killed in the act, which leaves these two. They fit Cruz's MO and the general proximity of his previous victims. An assemblyman charged with three counts of spousal domestic violence. Okay, and this one is a drunk driver who hit and killed an eight-year-old girl and got away with it on a faulty Breathalyzer. Yeah, someone else can take that one. Kenneth Billingsley the Third. That has got to be the whitest name I've heard in my life. Cruz should be easy to spot in this neighborhood. He spends his last few weeks on earth doing this? What would you do? Or should I say, who? Never really thought about it before. I'd just make sure my daughter was taken care of. Let's make a deal, okay? Something happens to you, I take care of your girlfriend. And I'll keep an eye out for your daughter. Shake on it. I'm serious. Me, too. Yes. Can I help you? Are you Kenneth Billingsley? I hope so. It's the name on my birth certificate. What can I do for you? We're Special Agents Erica B and Rakim. We believe you might be the target of an escaped fugitive, Benny Cruz. I've never heard of him. Why would he be after me? Because you use your wife as a punching bag. Excuse me, young lady? You heard what I said. Someone should teach you some civility. Um... Ooh. Much as I would love to instruct you myself, today's schedule's already spoken for. Now, get off my property. And you have yourself a good day. And I say we wait for Cruz to show up, let him kill this douche bag, then we arrest him. Keep moving, bitch. Some bitches hit back. You yourself a nice day. Ying Yeah? You must be Michael Spillane. What's it to you? Was it worth it? Running over that little girl and killing her just so you can get shit-faced and drive on the road? So, after the World Championship of Poker, I'd move on to dying wish number two. Now, Mom and I already have it worked out, okay? Fly first class to Dublin, get a room at the Country Cliffs Bed and Breakfast. One room? It's more economical. See some sites, kiss a little Blarney Stone maybe. You know the Irish piss on that? I live in prison, Ray, okay? If it's just a little urine, I consider that a victory. What about you? What would you do? Um, drive cross country, just me and my daughter, stop at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Oh, yeah? Who's your favorite band? Culture Club, hands down. Are you nuts? It's Metallica. That makes more sense. Hey, listen, while I have you here, uh, I might need a little favor. For Julianne, to kind of help move her along. Whatever she needs. Went out the window! Benny! Freeze! He drove off in a black Cadillac, heading south on Washington. Alert local and state police. We've got a serious problem. Hold on, Jules. You think? I nearly got run over. This fell off him. Now, this is a fentanyl patch. It's pain medication that's 100 times stronger than morphine. That means Cruz is gonna get real cranky, real quick. Radio dispatch reported a hit on Cruz moving down Rockwell in Jamaica Queens. Okay, that's near Erica and Shea. Dial them in, let them know we're en route. Come on! Cruz is turning left on 13th. Whoa. What are you doing? She said 13th! I got this. Hold on. Shea! Let's go! Hey, what the hell you doing? No. Good move! Yo, yo, yo. Yes. Witness saw the victim put a baby into the vehicle. I want an Amber Alert put out on every silver four-door Volvo in New York. The end is near. Not now, Lowery. Cruz is trying to kill his way into Heaven by ridding the earth of bad people. I ran him. No record. Just an average Joe going about his day. And that is why this is the beginning of the end for Cruz, okay? In his mind, all the good he did has been undone by killing that one innocent man. The pain from his cancer is getting greater and greater while his ability to be functionally rational, less and less. We located the car, but no sign of the kid or your fugitive. Cruz touches that kid, he better pray I don't get my hands on him. Can I help you? I need forgiveness, Father. Son, you don't look well. Sit down and relax, and we'll talk it over, hm? Give me Last Rites or I send all three of us to the afterlife. We're splitting up into a quadrant search. We're working our way back to the last place Cruz was seen. Jules, give me something good. We found the baby. One second he's asking for forgiveness, the next, he's pulling a gun. I thought, for sure, I was dead. What do you think stopped him? Well, I told him in order to be truly forgiven, you have to be right with your Creator. It seemed to resonate with him. He kept saying, "I was only 12. I was only 12." He handed me the child and walked out of the church. Thank you, Father. Thank you. He asked for Last Rites. Cruz is looking for a dark alley to blow his brains out. When did Cruz's mother die? When he was 12. Okay, so the priest said he needed to get right with his Creator. But, to Cruz, that doesn't mean God. That means the man who made him into the monster he is today. The man he's lived with since he was 12. Cruz is going to kill his uncle. Let's go. Yeah. Don't do this. Let me help you out. You've helped enough. Don't move. I'm sorry... but this is the end. Jules, I need the blueprints of the auto shop, front and back. I remember the layout, but I can't take any chances. Ray, Cruz is unstable. You trap him in there, he'll react with more violence. And a bunch of cops descending on the place is just gonna make matters worse. It's already worse. I couldn't get a visual, but heard someone yell for everyone to shut up and not move, and it sounded like Cruz. He said everyone? So it's just not his uncle. He has innocent customers in there. This just became a hostage situation. Took a look through the front door, I didn't see anyone. Ll, he might have them in the back. You find out any other access points? There's a ventilation duct on the east side of the building. Limited visibility, but it-it is something. You storm in there, you're gonna force him into a corner and put whoever's inside in more danger. Cruz is unhinged. You said so yourself. Who's to say he won't kill everybody in there? Okay, you keep local PD a block away. I don't want anybody making a move while we're blind. And you're gonna keep an eye on the northwest exit. Lowery you're with me. All right. They're in the service bay. Cruz has a gun. Is it pointed at somebody or is it at his side? It's at his side, but I'm not just gonna wait here and wait for him to make a move. Ray, he doesn't know what his next move is. The last stage of death is acceptance. If he kills his uncle, he'll be forced to look at himself, maybe for the first time in his life. There'll be nobody else to blame. Let me talk to him. Just 'cause you're dying don't mean you still can't be a bad-ass. A bad-ass? I'm not a bad-ass. I'm a kid whose life you destroyed! Spare the drama, bro. Where'd they keep you at, woman's prison? Where'd your balls go, homie? That's probably the cops. You remember them? When they kicked in your door and they took yo pops away? Who looked out after you after that? I did. You repay me how? Answer it! They ain't gonna stop calling until you do. What? Hey, Benny? I got nothing to say. Listen to me, man. I'm a doctor. I spoke to your hospice worker. I saw your sketches. I know why you killed those people. I get it. And more importantly, God gets it. That guy outside... that was an accident. I wanted his car, but he fought me. I know, I know, but listen, it's not too late. Okay? You can set things right. Just let those people go, and all will be forgiven. Blessed are those whose lawless deeds are forgiven, and whose sins are covered. You can't hide from who you really are. You're a Royal through and through. You need to walk out of here and empty that clip into every cop you see. Go out a Royal. Go out a legend! Every kid in this neighborhood will remember your name for the next 100 years, you hear me? Do not listen to your Uncle Benny. He's never looked out for you once in his life. He's right. It's too late. I'm going to Hell. : He's falling apart, Ray. I got to switch gears a little. See if you can get him to go to the mirror. Benny, do me a favor. I know it... I know it sounds silly, but just trust me, man. Walk over to the mirror and take a look at yourself, please? Now the person that you see in that mirror is the Benny Cruz that your mother raised you to be. He is still in there, and he knows he should let those people go. I will deal with you as you deserve, because you have despised my oath by breaking my covenant. Good job. Transpo's in back. Hey, you saw that? Ray didn't have to kill that guy, right? Yeah, I got my month off. See you. I don't know what to tell you, Lloyd. Hey. Here's what you wanted me to write. Doesn't feel like you left anything out. It's good. And I have a copy, if you need it. You want me to read it? Not if you don't have to. Then I won't. What's up, Lowery? I need to, uh, call in that favor we talked about. The one for Jules? Yeah. Would you see this gets to the Attica Parole Board by tomorrow, please? Yeah, no problem. Good. I was brought onto this team because of my medical expertise. What's the point if you don't use it? What are you talking about? We used your expertise to stop a convicted murderer from dropping who knows how many more bodies. When we came onto this task force, we were told that our job is to chase and capture, not question and judge. And that's what I did. Unless you're implying that I wanted to kill Cruz. Is that what you're saying? Huh? I'm saying I could have gotten him out of there alive. We'll never know, Lloyd. Get changed. Sync by YYeTS, correction by GeirDM Resync by into-the-light www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 