Breakout Kings: Season 2, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Breakout Kings 
 s2e7 - Ain't Love - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Breakout Kings (2011–2012): Season 2, Episode 7 - Ain't Love - full transcript 
 A convict on cleanup duty is harassed day after day by one of the guards--until the day he can't take it anymore. The convict kills the guard and escapes to go find the love of his life. He loves her so much in fact, that he killed her abusive stepfather. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hey, hey, not so fast. You know the drill. You know what, Pipsqueak? While you're stuck here in this rat hole, I'm going to the lake. Wife's gonna pack a lunch, fill up a cooler. Bet you'd enjoy that, wouldn't you? Later, Pipsqueak. Lights out. Hey, you want me to jam that thing where the sun don't shine? Turn it off. You know, I'm getting real sick 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and tired of having to tell you the same thing twice, Half Pint. Maybe I ought to pay a little visit to that sweet thing you left on the outside. How old was she when you robbed that cradle? Huh? Sixteen. Yeah. Attaboy. Get lost. Lights out! Where is it? Where did you put my light? Be glad you're not wearing it, Half Pint. So, how's it feel to be in love? Those Big Gulps go right through me. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You ready, Pipsqueak? Oh, what is your deal? Yeah, that's what I thought. Plug that thing in. Come on, move it, Pipsqueak. Hey! Who are you? I'm coming for you, baby. Come on! What's his problem? Dude's in heat over Julianne. Wrong, bitches. Men don't go into heat. Being the superior progenitors, they are always ready, willing, and able. I can't believe I'about to ask advice from a gangbanger and a huntress. Never mind. Wow. He actually chose not to speak. This could be a good one. Come on, let's hear it, Lloyd. No way. You're just gonna stick me with the shame shank. All right. I have studied mating rituals, courtship customs, pondered the great poets. Maybe even deliberated gonadal growth in mammals. But when it comes to women and doing my own thang, you know, I'm lost. Hey, first of all, never say that again, never. Yeah, I second that. Do you need romance tips, Lloyd? What women want is... All right, don't... don't listen to her. See, women do not know what they want, and even if they did, they would never admit that what they want is what they want. That made absolutely zero sense. No, I understood completely. Continue, Shea. I want to give you the Shea Daniels, patented, foolproof formula on how to make little bluebirds twirl around Julianne's head. All right. Okay, look, Lloyd, no. You're benched. I'm listening to Shea. Here we go. Fire and Ice. Now you've already done the fire part. You've given her non-stop attention for, like, a year. So now it's time for the...? Oh, the ice. The ice, that's right. So when we get into the bullpen, and you see Julianne? Promptly ignore her ass. Wow. Don't listen to her. And ice. That's right. Okay. Yeah. Thank you, Shea. You've got company. Brad Kelley. He kind of invited himself in. All right. Thanks, Jules. Nice boots. I'm not sure if I like 'em. I'm not sure I like 'em on my desk. Hey. How you been? Good, good. Good to see you. Yeah, you, too. How's Janet? Suing me for spousal support. Thanks for reminding me. I'm sorry to hear that. Aah, screw her. How you been? Been busy. Got your badge back. Your own task force. You know, I remember you pitched me the idea for this thing five years ago. Bring in cons to catch cons. Look at you now. So, what brings you, Brad? I'm a bounty hunter now; I got my bounty hunter's license. Yeah, I know, I know. We used to mock the shit out of them. I love it. The money's really good, and I don't have all the suits mooning me at the time. So, is that why you're here? Yeah. Yeah, I understand you got assigned some punk that, uh, broke out of Five Points. That's right. Yeah? The prison's put up a ten grand reward. Figured, you know, maybe we could, uh, scratch each other's backs. Share a little information, develop some leads. I've still got a lot of contacts in law enforcement. I can bring a lot to the table, Ray. Bulldog Brad, howling and growling. Nothing's changed, burner. What do you say? I got a team to consider. You know, they get a month off for every runner they catch. All right. Okay, so, we work it a little. You know, you say I was instrumental to where I get the reward, and I say you guys were as equally involved, and your cons get their month. No one's the wiser. Brad, everything I do has to be above the board. All right. Well, there's my answer I guess, huh? You want me to crawl out the window so I don't...? Oh, come on. It ain't like that. You know that. Come on, what do you say, huh? For old time's sake. All right, let me see what I can do. Good morning, Lloyd. Okay. We'll see you. Thanks, Ray. Appreciate it. Yup. You're not gonna introduce us to your friend? No. Go ahead, Jules. Six years ago, Rodney Cain was dating Lorraine Hamilton. She was 16, he was 18. Apparently, Lorraine's stepfather was determined to end their relationship, even threatening to have Rodney arrested for what was technically statutory rape. The stepfather wound up bludgeoned to death. All right, Rodney served five years on a life sentence. This morning, he electrocuted and beat a guard and left the other guard in a coma. Dude's five-six, 120. That's one feisty white boy. I have alerts on the guards' credit cards, as well as an APB on the stolen Camaro. Most important, according to coworkers, the guard kept a .45 Smith & Wesson in the Camaro. Rodney is armed and dangerous. As opposed to Armed and Garrulous. Huh? Nobody? George Carlin routine over. He was the best. Oh, my God, look... Mm. All right, campus officials at Brenell College are trying to locate the ex-girlfriend, so our first stop is her mother's house. So, change up. Oh, my God. Rodney seemed nice enough, but I always had to run interference whenever he came over. He and my late husband hated each other. I never thought it would end with one of them being murdered, but... Why haven't you heard anything yet? Well, campus police haven't been able to locate her. But one of my team's is trying to get answers now. I have a daughter I don't get to see often. I can imagine hoyou must be feeling. She's my whole world. If anything happened to her... Did, uh... did Rodney ever try to contact you from prison? No. I haven't seen or talked to him since he was led out of the courtroom in handcuffs, and I'd like to keep it that way. All right, ma'am, we'd like to put a patrol car outside in case Rodney decides to come back. And we need to tap your phone in case he calls. Okay. Just please, find my daughter. Ray. Check it out. Campus police said a witness saw Lorraine get into a gray Camaro. Get in or getting pulled in? They didn't see what went down. Witness was a block away. This woman is a massive narcissist and/or a liar. Now, Candice claims that her daughter is her world, but of the 15 framed photos I saw in there, none of them are of Lorraine; plenty of Candice, though-- all in her 20s. Now, the signs of aging infuriates narcissists. They envy the young, and they want to avoid them or denigrate them whenever possible. That's cougars in general, right? As far as I know. All right, well, that's not enough to lean on her yet. Let's see what we can get off the Camaro. Aren't you glad to see me? Yes. You don't act like it. It's been five years; you're not even supposed to be out. All right? This is wrong. But... the letters. You said you still love me. What letters? Rodney... Shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh. Do not say word. Okay, come on, kiddo, right over there. These letters, Lorraine. Why'd you even bother? Rodney, I didn't. Look at them. Look at them. Rodney, listen to me. I didn't write these letters. Rodney! Rodney. Rodney... Get away from me. Stay here, please. Excuse me. Rodney... Is everything okay over here? Hey, mind your own business, pal. Are you okay? Maybe you should come over here with us until he calms down a little bit. What are you doing? What...? What...? What are you doing? Kids, get over here. Get down on your knees. Rodney, stop! Just stop! Tell me what you want, and I'll do it! Just tell me what you want; I'll do anything that you want. In my face. We were arguing, and... he stuck a gun in my face. I don't know. Thank you. Yeah. Well, Lorraine begged Rodney to spare the guy's life. Rodney listened to her. The guy couldn't tell if Lorraine was with Rodney willingly-- she got in the car with him to leave, but he did have a gun. From Lorraine, addressed to Rodney at Five Points. They're all love letters-- important enough for Rodney to bring when he breaks out of prison but then he just chucks them in the trash. What do you got, Jules? Checked the visitor log at Five Points. Candice Hamilton visited Rodney Cain six times in the last five years. Didn't she say... Haven't heard from Rodney since he was led out of the courthouse in cuffs. All right, Jules, bring Candice in. Let her know I want to talk to her about some new leads. Got it. Hey, Ray. Your buddy's here. All right, wait here. There's something up with this dude. Look at these uninhibited outpourings of love. Why can't I write to Julianne like that? A chick wrote that. That's a good point. Get your head back in the game, man. Mm-hmm. Get back. Ice! Anything from the witness? I thought we had a deal. Yeah, but I'm not looking for a handout, okay? I earn my keep. Brad, just stay home-- call me with any tips you got. In exchange, I'll give you that C.I. Money. Come on, what is that, a grand? That barely fills my gas tank. On this caper, and then on the next one, more, and then the one after that. As long as you stay home and you call me with tips. Brad, we shook on this. All right, all right. Go home. Hey, Ray. Ray. Blue eyes there. You tap that yet? Go home, Brad. He a bounty hunter? Yeah. Why? I know all about the little sweetheart deals bounty hunters make with law enforcement, Ray. What's yours with him? We work our asses off to catch this guy, and at the last minute you slip him the collar and split the reward money? Get in the truck. We're not moving until we get a straight answer about your friend that you're helping steal our runner. So you're not moving, huh? No, and neither is Shea or Lloyd. Okay, he was my mentor when I first joined the marshals. And the only deal I made with him is confidential informant money in exchange for tips. Your months off are still protected as long as you catch this runner. Why couldn't he just call you? Why'd he have to drive down here and see you in person? I'm saying this in a non-confrontational way. Well, he wasn't supposed to. And he won't anymore. So, let's get this straight, Ray. Your buddy, who doesn't listen to you and who is no longer with the marshals because of what, he got booted, is now a bounty hunter and a bottom feeder at that, judging from his 20-year-old rig, and we're supposed to trust him? I'm gonna get in the truck. Whoever stays out here will be considered a fugitive. You guys want to...? Should we...? Candice here? In the interview room. She signed her waiver, giving us permission to tap her home and cell phone. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Have you seen this, Ray? Look at this. Same writing. That crazy bitch in there wrote these letters. Oh, my goodness! Lorraine must've pointed that out to Rodney, and that's why he freaked out and tossed them. Why would she do that? Because she's... Ray, can I have a crack at this harridan in there, please? What the hell's a harridan? It's a vicious woman, okay? It's an older woman. It's her. It's Candice. Can I talk to her? All right, go. Slap a transmitter on Candice's car so we can track her when she leaves. So, we have some talking to do, Candice. We have... A lot of talking to do. Any update on Lorraine? None since they were seen at the park. That bastard lays a finger on her... Look, Candice, uh, the visitation records indicate that you actually did visit Rodney in prison. Yes. You're right. And I-I know that I told you at my house that I hadn't seen him, but I was so worked up, I completely forgot-- and I was going to tell you the next time I saw you. You forgot six visits? That's... very forgetful. Why did you visit him? To gauge his level of anger. Towards you? And Lorraine. And it took you six visits to gauge that anger? Who knew if he'd get out? Or if he'd have one of his prison buddies come pay us a visit? Clearly, I had reason to be concerned. Okay. Let's set that aside. Did you write those? Yes. Mm-hmm. Do you know what the next question's gonna be? Why? I'm sorry, this is so embarrassing. No, we understand that. But it's important for you to answer that question. On my first visit to Rodney, he asked me why Lorraine hadn't written him. And then I talked to Lorraine about it, and she said she was never gonna write him, that she needed to move on. I got nervous that that would set him off, so... I wrote a letter, acting as Lorraine. Can you appreciate how someone might find this to... be... Incomprehensible? Yes. Very. But until that person who is going to judge me walks in and sees their spouse's brains splattered all over the floor... I was afraid and I was traumatized, and I made a decision based on that fear a trauma. And I'm sorry, but regardless of what you think of me, it's not helping to find my daughter right now. No, it is helping us ascertain why Rodney broke out of prison and-and-and for whom. Speaking of... Did you have romantic feelings for Rodney? No. A little bit? Go ahead, answer it. Make sure you put it on speaker. Hello? Lorraine's fine. Now, listen to what I say. Get $50,000 and meet me in two hours at the Storytown Mall. Parking section 57. Do not bring the police. Did you ever think about me? Of course. Why didn't you write me? 'Cause you told me that you didn't want to hear from me. That it'd make being in jail that much harder. I would never say that. I-I loved you. What the hell did I do to your mom? You killed her husband, Rodney. And I-I beat two guards half to death to get out and be with you, based on the letters that she wrote me! So that's on her! I'm so sorry. I'm... There ain't shit I can do about it. I just need that money... so I can disappear. Candice, test one, two, one, two. Yes, hello, I hear you. Okay, that's good. Just use your normal voice. Try not to fidget with the earpiece or the transmitter that's in your pocket, okay? We do not want Rodney suspecting you're being monitored. It's all dummy cash. So he should buy it at first glance. There's a track-and-trace receiver sewn into the lining. There's a helicopter on its way, a half a dozen cop cars ready to move in on my call. I'll be in constant communication with everyone, including you. - Okay? - Okay. You're gonna do fine-- just... breathe. "I miss your touch as well." See, Candice wrote that. The woman is certifiably cuckoo bananas. She doesn't have a body on her belt, Lowery. As long as she helps us find the guy that does, I don't care if she walks around covered in peanut butter. All right, Candice, position one. Cande, can you hear me? Yes, I hear you. Okay, just sit tight until I give you your signal. All right, all units on tack two, stay out of the perimeter until I give the word. Why did Kelley get bounced from the marshals? Look, if he's gonna be working with this team, we deserve to know his story. I mean, all of our pasts are out on full display, and I'm sure he knows them, too. He took money. Was he there when you got popped? He was. Then why'd you get your badge back ande didn't? It wasn't his first time. The marshals had been building a case against him for a while. Had him on ten different charges. Then why are win business with this fool? You heard the expression, "Keep your friends close. Keep your enemies closer"? I'd rather have him home collecting informant money than out here competing with us. He talked you into taking that money back, then, didn't he? Bring you the fold so he didn't have to worry about you flipping on him? Wait, how did he avoid jail time when they had multiple charges on him? I don't know, Shea I'm not a lawyer. Because he rolled on you. Wow, jackpot. You called it. I think, rather nobly, sweet Raymond here has chosen to focus on his own culpability rather than... All right, everybody just shut up. There he is; let's just take his ass. He's go a hostage, Shea. All right, Candice, you're on. Just take it easy. We'll be right here. I'm getting out of the car. Okay, that's good, but you don't have to tell me over the radio; I can see you. I'm walking towards him. All right, take it easy, and just do what we discussed. Can you hear me? I told you guys she was cuckoo bananas. Can you hear me? Is this thing working? - No, no, no. Don't take it out of your pocket. - Hello? All right, all units, go, go. Shea! Who the hell's this? Whoa! Back your car out of the way! What are you doing, Brad? Chasing a runner. Get out of the way! - You are a civilian. - Back it up! You are interfering with a law enforcement investigation. I got just as much a right to track this guy down as you do. I've got a license, you know. - You clown! - Shut your mouth. The guard in the coma at Five Points just went out of the picture. Reward went up 40 grand. I need this money, Ray. Keep your enemies close, huh? Is this close enough for you? Any progress from the locals on that Camaro? None yet. It looked like to us like you intentionally botched that ransom. I might not have done what you asked, but that's because I couldn't hear. Nobody said to wave the walkie-talkie like a pom-pom, lady. I have a theory, and it's that those letters actually contained your true emotions, and you don't want your daughter to live, because you're jealous of her youth and her beauty, and you want Rodney for yourself. You are out of your mind. I'm out of my mind? I have been studying massively messed up people since I had zits, and you are easily top five. Am I under arrest? We just want a straight answer. Yes or no? No. Then I'm leaving. I'll contact the FBI to find my daughter, and if you continue to harass me, I'll contact my attorney. Great. What else could go wrong? Why'd you kill him? Because... I found out what happened. It's okay. He deserved to die. What did he do? The abuse. What abuse? Um, him... him raping you. He never raped me. Your mother told me your stepfather molested you almost every night. She said she wanted to help, but he threatened to kill you both. And she said you threatened to kill yourself if anyone found out. That's why I never said anything in court. That's why I never said any... I never said anything to you. Hey, Jules any movement on Candice's car? She's pulled into a mini mall in West Milford, New Jersey, and looks like she's disconnected her cell phone, so no trace on that. Maybe Candice has an Electra Complex for Rodney. I don't want to hear about Candice, all right? I want to hear about Lorraine, and don't tell me she couldn't have bailed on Rodney if she wanted to. We have to start looking at her as a willing participant in all this. Candice is still in play in this thing. And my argument, which you interrupted, would lend further support to the notion that Candice has feelings for Rodney. Based on what? The Electric Company, or whatever the hell you just said? Would it be more clear if I put it in terms of the father figure that just betrayed you, Brad Kelley? Watch yourself. Relationships are complex, Ray. That's all I'm saying. Or it's just all about money. When the stepfather died, Candice cashed in a million-dollar insurance policy. She was only married for three years. If they'd gotten a divorce, she would have got a fraction of that. She hired Rodney to kill her husband. That would explain the letters. She was trying to keep Rodney happy in prison. 'Cause when you do a crime and the person you did it for on the outside stops writing, that's when you start talking. What's in it for Rodney-- 25 years? Maybe it went bad. He wasn't supposed to get caught. Maybe he was set up. Why not bring that up in court? Maybe he didn't know he got set up. Hey, everybody? Uh, ammunition and firearm sales in this state are registered. Candice just bought 50 rounds of Plus-P bullets at a gun shop in that mini-mall. Okay, Rodney knows something about Candice, and Candice wants him dead before he can tell anybody. All right, Erica, Shea, you're with me. Jules, keep me posted on the signal in Candice's car. Lowery, keep digging into the relationship with Rodney and Lorraine. See if you could figure out where they're headed. Hey, candice. Where's Lorraine? I want to see her. She's fine. Just drop the money. I don't trust you. You don't trust me? Give him the money, Mom. You owe him that much. Come here, baby. We figured out what you did. You set Rodney up. You lied and tricked him into killing your husband. You ruined his life. You ruined mine. Give me the cash, bitch. Mom, don't! No. Lorraine. Lorraine! Clear! Couldn't have happened to a nicer lady. Clockwork-- here's your boy. Take care of it. Oh, come on, don't look so surprised to see me. I told you I had contacts up the ass with law enforcement. Put a little moneyout there, you'd be amazed how many leads come your way. Well, looks like it. Talk to you a second? Ain't too late to cut a 50-50 deal, Ray. No deal. Stay out of my way, Brad. Contacts my ass. You dropped 80 bucks on a police scanner just like every other dumb bounty hunter. Yeah, better a bounty hunter that's dumb and alive than dead and smart like your daddy, huh? You want contacts, you piece of shit? Erica! Hey, hey! Erica. Hey! Hey! Settle down! I could kill you. - I could kill you. - Get over there. I'm gonna kill him, Ray! Get control of your cons, Zancanelli. Don't come next to my team or my investigation again. You will be arrested. I can't wait till one of them stabs you in the back. What? Faster than you did? You cut a deal that sealed your file, that kept you out of prison. You get that by rolling on me? Whoever told you that was a liar. You give me up, Brad?! Because if you did, I'm not letting you take my job again. You get one of those. All right? You put your hands on me, or anybody on my team again, and they'll be peeling you off the ground. You got that? I'm out of here. Listen to me. I'm gonna tell them that I pulled the trigger. - No. - Yes. The only thing that matters to me now is that you can have a happy life.... for both of us. Will you please do that for me? Tomorrow morning I'll find a new car and then... I'll leave. I want to come with you. You can't, Lorraine. We'll have tonight. I'll go get some food. No, I will. They're looking for you. Is there something wrong, Lloyd? Just working. Man's got to do what a man's got to do... in regard to work, so... I haven't done anything to upset you? Uh-uh. Just working. Okay. What do you got, Jules? Local police just found the Camaro in a town about ten miles up from where you are. Kelley must have gotten a heads up, because the tracking device on his truck shows him heading straight there. All right, thanks. Let's go. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Where's your boyfriend? Huh?! He's in the motel... up the street. Easy. Get your hands off her. Hey. We can work this out, kid. All right? We're going for a ride. Think this through, kid. About what the hell your doing. Shut up. Get out of here, Lorraine. Put the gun down, Rodney. He's a dead man unless you clear out! Ain't happening. Put the gun down. - Rodney, don't do this! - Get out of here! - Listen to your girl. - Don't be stupid. I'm driving out of here. Or he dies. - Go! - No. This isn't you. Shoot him, Ray. Shoot him. Shut up! Just put the gun down and give yourself up for me. Two seconds, Rodney. Put the gun down, Rodney. I can't lose you. Put the gun down. Okay. Okay. Put it down. Two steps back, get up against that wall. Brad, step back! Hook him and put him in the car. Watch it, hey. U.S. Marshals coming in. Please. It's okay. Go ahead. I'll write you. Wrap it up. Comen, get in there. Ray. Ray. Marshal Detention Officers will be here in a half hour to pick up Rodney. How's it going, Iceman? I should sue you for malpractice. It's harsh at first-- I should have warned you about that-- but you got to stick with it. Dividends are around the corner, my friend. She's cracking. I can tell. Hey. Um... seeing that Kelley isn't opposed to working with authorities, if he files charges against me for assault, I just... He took the first swing. I'll back you up on that. Okay. Thanks. You're a stand-up guy, Ray. I was the recipient of some just awful advice. It was well-intentioned but, uh... completely ill-fitting for me. Julianne. I feel like... ...every relationship or... or pairing is unique, you know. I mean, look at Rodney and Lorraine and what they went through to be together, and I realize that the only advice that I should have heeded is Alfred Lord Tennyson's because I think it is better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all. And I just want to tell you... ...that I love you. You don't have to say anything... but if you did, if you did feel the same way or if, um, if you felt like someday in the future you might feel the same way... ...just walk by my desk where I'm sitting and, um... ...put this number two pencil down in front of me. Then I'll know. Or don't-- I mean, what-whatever makes you feel more comfortable. But I need to say what I just said... and... I'm glad that I did. Hello? Transpo will be here in five minutes. Change up. Stick with it, Iceman. You heard him, let's go. This is a pen; I said a pencil. Jules, what does a pen mean? She... she left me a pen. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 