Another Miss Oh: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Another Miss Oh 
 s1e10 - The Way to Go to You - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Another Miss Oh (2016): Season 1, Episode 10 - The Way to Go to You - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Timing and Subtitles brought to you by The Double Trouble Team @ Viki ♡  Let go! Let go! Let go! Seriously! ♫ Was I the only one who felt this bliss? ♫ ♫ Your gaze towards me is heavy ♫ ♫ My footsteps that circle round and round ♫ ♫ As always, I miss you ♫ ♫ I need your mind ♫ ♫ I remember that cold day ♫ ♫ I was afraid that my trembling heart would cry alone ♫ ♫ Like a dream that fades when I open my eyes ♫ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♫ Let me go, if that's not true, then stay with me ♫ - Episode 10 - The Path to You Dad, you're surrounded by me. Let's get you down. There we go. Wow, you're doing well! Dad, I can do this now! Dad, can you do this, too? Yup. - This? - Whoa! I can't breathe. What kinds of sounds did you record at Jeju Island? The sounds of the ocean, the wind and people. - Do you like sounds? - Yeah. Why? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Because they disappear. - Do you like things that disappear? If you accept the fact that things disappear, then you don't get hung up on things that aren't worth it. From here to over there, who's going to get there first? Ready. - Go! - That's cheating, that's cheating! Nooo! The other way. You! Let me go! - Let me go! - Stay still! How can you do that and not call me?! Jerk. That damn jerk. I'm never going to call first. Even if I dry up and die, I'm not going to call first this time. Mom! Is this all the laundry? Just give her anything. Can't you give it to me nicely? If you don't call by the end of today, it's over. It's really over! Yeah. It's a nice day. Let's go get something good to eat. Every day is precious. I realized that while I was in jail. Come out. Why? Are you busy? - No, I have things to do. - What? And I have to do the laundry. Never mind. I got it. I'll see you later. Okay. Which guy is it? Which guy is making you do laundry? Tae Jin or the guy next door? Tae Jin or the guy next door?!? I have to go out. Can you wring out and hang the laundry for me? Those two men are no good! If you meet either of those two I won't stand for it! Park Do Kyung isn't answering his phone. Can you give me his address? Here. I thought something happened to you. Why didn't you come today? Starting today, I'm not your doctor. I'm just your neighborhood hyung. I live in this neighborhood. I can speak informally to you now, right? Yes, please speak comfortably. I thought all night about how I should explain this to you. Listen carefully. You're lying down after being in a car accident. Why? Is it confusing because I'm saying "right now"? Of course, it's confusing. You think time passes in order of past, present and future, right? No. If you take a 30 year old person hypnotize him, and tell him to go 100 years in to the past, you hear a different voice. They've become another person. But this can work in the future as well. Bring them 100 years into the future, and you'll hear another different person. What does this mean? The mind is not affected by time. Only our bodies are affected. The mind already knows the entire story of our lives. Life to the mind is an already written screenplay. Do I seem crazy? If you think I'm crazy, tell me. I'll stop. It's fun. Please continue. I've really wanted to say this, but I thought I would seem like a pseudo-scientist so I didn't. Listen carefully. Spiritually powerful people are usually found to be sensitive to the information in our minds. Rather than being spiritually powerful, you're a special case. You're not seeing the entire future, you're only seeing certain parts of it. One woman. Right now you're in a car accident, and before you die you're missing her. You're getting confused because I'm saying "right now," right? Okay, let's say it's in the future. Time has no effect on the mind but since we live in bodies, let's just say it's in the future. Soon, you're going to be in a car accident and before you die you're going to look into the night sky and miss that woman. You're missing her so strongly that even before you actually met her, you saw her. Why? Because the mind already knows all the information in life. So things may pop up without difficulty. Do you understand? So you're saying I'm going to die soon, and when I die, I'll be missing her? Hyung, you're in a cult, aren't you? ♫ Why is it so difficult for you ♫ ♫ To let me go, when I am trying so hard? ♫ ♫ That because of you, I can hurt this much is shocking ♫ I'm sorry, I don't think we can meet today. Something urgent came up at the restaurant. No, I think I'll be really late. Yeah, sorry. ♫ If these crazy days became your days? ♫ ♫ If you, like me, became broken ♫ ♫ Then maybe you would understand? ♫ ♫ The pain that is full of you, enough to burst my heart ♫ Goodbye. ♫ And how much I still want you ♫ Do Kyung! Let's try to figure it out together! There could be a different conclusion! Do Kyung! Damn. ♫ I know you've already answered me ♫ In conclusion, I'll die soon and in my dying moment, I'll miss her. ♫ But I wander, pretending I don't know what it means ♫ ♫ Do you know how I've been these days? ♫ Love does not envy. It does not boast. It is not rude. It is not rude. It is kind. It is not irritable. It does not-- Aren't you coming? I'm not going. You're not going home?! How long are you going to keep drinking like that? My life's too embarrassing to go on living sober. ♫ Congratulation and celebration! ♫ Ninano, our noona I celebrate you! ♫ Congratulations! Am I getting married? Oh, how did you know? A hyung I know says he wants to marry you! You're bent on getting killed, aren't you? No, listen. That hyung said his ideal type is a strong woman, no matter what! Like hitting him, beating him, scratching him, he says he goes crazy over women like that! And most importantly, he says he pees sitting down. Isn't that great?! Hey's got a 50 pyung apartment, (1 pyung = 3.3058 square meters) a yearly income of $202,000, both his parents have passed away, and to top that he doesn't have any younger or older sisters. His face is, in his words, "Hella nice". Noona, you just have to go like the flow of water. That hyung said you should walk in with just a spoon! I was so happy that I found a partner for you that I had a drink! - Hey, you crazy bastard! - Huh? Do I look like a guy? - You would pee while you're talking to me? - Huh? No matter how much I don't look like a woman to you, you punk! What? What did I do? That's not right. I'm... a woman too! Je suis une femme.(I'm a woman.) Well, sure, you are a woman. Ah! She's embarrassed that I said go like the flow of water! ♫ Congratulation and celebration! ♫ Our noona is finally getting married! Timing and Subtitles brought to you by The Double Trouble Team @ Viki ♡  Awesome. That guy kissed you on the street? He's finally exploded. He must really like you! But he hasn't called since then! subtitles ripped and synced by riri13 Wait for it! The phone call will come. After suffering miserably by an Oh Hae Young, he's meeting another Oh Hae Young. Of course, with his uptight personality he can't accept that so easily. And it's not like you two (Oh Hae Youngs) don't know each other. Why is that such a big deal? You also said that you didn't want to date a man who dated Oh Hae Young, at first. It's 100% clear that he likes you. But in order for people to openly date, one needs time to clear up their past love. And he's not the type to just play around with you without officially declaring that he's dating you. How can he hold back? I can't even hold back for one day. Missing him... How do you hold that in? Wait it out. Don't rush in and mess things up in the middle. You have to give him time to get it together and decide. Listen to what your unni is telling you. He's smitten. He'll come to you soon. ♫ When the lazy sunshine comes in ♫ ♫ I stare out the window in a daze ♫ ♫ I think about you, who's been buried in my thoughts ♫ ♫ Wondering where you are and what you're doing ♫ ♫ Smiling to myself about the happy memories ♫ ♫ Scared to be hurt by the sad memories ♫ ♫ I try to not care, but I can't help but be found out ♫ Why are you holding back? You can hold back? If you like me, you like me. Why hold back? ♫ Every day, it makes me shed tears and snot, and makes my heart hurt ♫ ♫ What is love? What is it? My heart is racing, racing ♫ Aish. ♫ I want to lay my heart onto your sweet lips ♫ ♫ Dream a dream of you ♫ ♫ A dream I'm kissing you ♫ You are lying down after a car accident, and you're missing her before you die. Are you okay? Don't touch him! Where are you? You came! - Wait a minute. - Are you okay? Are you okay? I missed you. Me too. Should we... just start shacking up from today? You scaredy-cat. Thank you. Goodbye. Bottle Opener of Love and Lust I love that you're my boyfriend! I love it to death! If you meet another woman, I'll kill you! - Are you that happy? - Yes! The ending is so cool! After he has killed everyone he finds the bottle opener all covered in blood. He opens a beer with that bottle opener, and gulps it down. I can just show it to the PD right away, you think? Right now! Show them right now! This is totally awesome. There's this really famous PD who makes directors famous. And Oppa recently did the sound effects for one of this PD's films. If she says okay, then I'll become a famous director right away. She's a woman? Half of the world is female. And out of all them you are the only one for me. I thought you said that your mom was a PD. Why not ask your mom? Mom? Ah... Mom... No, that's a bit... What? Ahh... It's just... eh... - What is... so eh. - It's just...eeehh. - Hello. - Oh, welcome! Recently my neck disk pain is severe, so on a nice day like today I can't even play golf and I'm doing this... Good shot. - Let's go. - Okay. That bodyguard over there is a kiss-ass. I was going to fire him next month. But I should fire him this month. How about a round? I would love to. If both AlphaGo and I play a game of omok who do you think is going to win?(AlphaGo: computer program) Of course it would be AlphaGo. - And in a game of flicking? - AlphaGo. What should I play him in order to beat him? Why win? Just buy one for yourself and keep it. That's right. This is why I like you. I like you... but you apparently almost married Do Kyung? Is it true? Why didn't you marry him? If you don't want to say, you don't have to. It's not that it is important, but if I marry Do Kyung's mother, you, who would be my daughter, would be marrying Do Kyung who would become my son. Even though there is no blood relation, people will twist it around and spread rumors. You know how people are. Do Kyung's mother claimed that the relationship is already over. Is it over for sure? I'm okay now. Even if I see you on the street, I can smile and exchange greetings. It would be weird if we continued. It's right to end it here. It didn't end, right? It ended. But I still like him. ♫ Your gaze towards me is heavy ♫ ♫ My footsteps that circle round and round ♫ ♫ As always, I miss you ♫ ♫ I need your mind ♫ ♫ I remember that cold day ♫ ♫ I was afraid that my trembling heart would cry alone ♫ I thought the scars only had to heal. I thought that if the scars healed then I could break up without a problem. I feel like I'm going to throw up. For one month I have to listen to the high-pitched voice of that actress, over and over again. If you get stuck with a project with an actor whohas an annoying voice, it's torture till the project ends. I know, right? Let me rest my ears... with your voice. There was a guy named Park Do Kyung. Do Kyung, out of the all the sounds in the world, loved Oh Hae Young's voice the most. By only listening to Hae Young's voice, he gradually fell asleep. He loved her so much. Passionately. ♫ Let me go ♫ ♫ If that's not true, then stay with me now ♫ Bottle Opener of Love and Lust I'll read it thoroughly, but I think you'll have to change the title. It looks like a B-class film. Yes. But if you read the rest of it, you'll see that this title is the right one. It's about a man who fights over his pride, and everything is caused by a bottle opener. You'll find it's a stingy man noir film. A stingy man noir film. Sounds fun. Yes. It will be very fun. Excuse me. Please keep this a secret from my brother. By the way, how is the CEO doing these days? Of course, he's always the same. Half pissed-off, half throwing a fit. On Saturday, you'll be going to Chairman Jang's party right? Why would I go there? What do you mean why? You use him when you need help, but you won't go to his party? He even listened to your request. He helped you ruin someone. He's not even someone who doesn't have anything to do with your mother. Does it make sense that you won't go? Don't even think about putting only 1 or 2 thousand dollars in the envelope. Buy something expensive. Precious. Not some common brand-name item. To not embarrass your mom. Passing through. How did the recording go? It's almost done. It's really almost done. At this party, I think he's going to introduce me to people as his fiancee. Can't you stop now? Is two times not enough? Why are you like this all of a sudden? Am I doing this just for my sake? Is it easy to get a dad who's so wealthy? Am I a kid? Why do I need a dad at this age? He's someone who people throw fits over because they can't have him. Even being grateful wouldn't be enough. You can just come home and live comfortably with your family now, right? You're at an age where that's okay. That old man isn't going to stop looking at women. What if when I'm old and I don't have any money? Can you support me? How much can you give me? Bad jerk. The talk about women—it's all rumors. After me, there was no one else. I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I didn't know it was you, CEO. Is it okay to hit someone if it's not me? Is it okay? That's not it. I'm sorry! Welcome. Iced Americano. Double shot. Yes. I'm going crazy. Here you go. What are you doing? Oh my! Hello! It's been a while. I hear about you from Hae Young once in a while. But recently you seem to be busy. Are you reading something interesting? He told me to keep this a secret from you. Can you please pretend you don't know? Is it that bad? I mean, all beginner directors are like that of course. It's just like Hoon. Seeing you read it earlier, you had an expression of contempt. It wasn't contempt. But you should already know his level of writing a screenplay. But I'm beginning to feel offended. I'm just reading it because he asked me to read it for him. But now I feel like I did something very wrong. "I'm... only here to take what belongs to me." 2º Scene - Night Time Aigoo, I'm dying of hunger. An Na and I were supposed to eat pork feet when she got off her part-time job, but maybe I should just fill up with simple ramen... Want some? Are you going to eat it or not? You better not ask for a bite later. Where did you give this out to? What? Title: Bottle Opener of Love and Lust Written by: Park Hoon Why do you have this? Where did you...? So where did you submit this to!? I only gave it to PD Kim Hee Ran. Hyung, I really want to try this once. It's not like I'm saying I'll quit my job right now. But by preparing things step by step— - Don't. - Hyung... - How long did you spend rotting as a supporting director? You barely made $5, $6K a year, did everything to suit the directors' whims, stayed up all night doing hard manual labor, clung to people here and there and got food from them. Every time you submitted a scenario, you had to go through contempt, as if you were a beggar pleading for something! You spent eight years doing that! And now you want to go back to that?! - Still, Hyung— - If you learn the skills while you're with me, you can make a living. Then you won't have to endure such disrespect. But I still want to give it a try! This is embarrassing, bastard! You can't do it with crap like this. It's embarrassing! - So, I'm telling you, to get a grip, you bastard— - Damn. Can you really talk to your little brother like that? They make movies just fine with screenplays more embarrassing than mine, and the audiences still watch them. What? Embarrassing? Existence itself is always embarrassing, did you know that? The fact that we live and breathe is embarrassing! Going on living and eating is embarrassing, and being told you're an embarrassment is embarrassing! And what the hell's wrong with being embarrassing? Is that something to die about? You can't live through embarrassment, you can't take it, can you? But I won't die because I'm embarrassed, and that's why I'm the winner, got it? I'll live being stepped on by people, listening to them shit on the work I've written, and I'll live being embarrassed to death, so leave me alone! I'm saying I can't stand seeing you get shit treatment, you bastard! So hurry and learn sound from me, you frustrating bastard. Hyung, do you think people respect you? They all cuss you out. "What's he going to do with so much rage?" With the one life I've got, I'll live it the way I want so leave me alone! What's wrong? What happened that you're like this? You really won't tell me? My brother... said my scenario is embarrassing. Let's kill him. Park Do Kyung. That son of a bitch, he's just full of himself! I'll kill him for you. Hey! Hey, hey, hey! Don't stop me! I'll kill him. Let go! Aish, that Park Do Kyung is so annoying! Park Do Kyung is so annoying! Hyung, do you think people respect you? They all cuss you out. "What's he going to do with so much rage?" Daddy, do you like things that disappear? When you accept that things disappear, you won't be hung up on things that aren't worth it. ♫ I can hurt this much is shocking ♫ ♫ That difficult day, it hurts even to dream about it ♫ ♫ If it was you, how would you feel? ♫ ♫ If these crazy days became your days? ♫ ♫ If you, like me, became broken, then maybe you would know? ♫ Dad! Dad! Dad. What kinds of sounds did you record at the DMZ (Korean Demilitarized Zone)? The sound of military men shaking an iron railing for inspection, the sound of broadcasts from the north, the sound of birds! What's your most favorite sound in the whole world? In the whole world, I like my Do Kyung's voice the most! Tomorrow is Children's Day. Will we go somewhere? Where should we go? Even if you can't stand your wife, it seems like you want to see your child, seeing as how you crawl into this house every now and then. If it wasn't for a job recording sounds, I wonder what you would've used as an excuse to not be home. You chose the right job, right? Do Kyung! Hurry up! Dad! - Dad! - Do Kyung, it's dangerous. - Play over there. - Yes. Dad! Are there sounds when butterflies flap their wings? Try listening. I don't hear anything. Listen careful— Dad! Dad! Dad! Dad! Dad! Dad! Dad! Dad! Hurry, wake up! Wake up! Dad, I can't push anymore. Just get up now. ♫ Why is it so difficult for you ♫ ♫ to let me go, when I am trying so hard? ♫ When you accept that things disappear, you won't be hung up on things that aren't worth it. Why did you disappear on your own!? Why?! ♫ it hurts even to dream about it ♫ I'm never going to disappear! ♫ If it was you, how would you feel? ♫ ♫ If these crazy days became your days? ♫ ♫ If you, like me, became broken, then maybe you would know? ♫ ♫ The pain that is full of you, enough to burst my heart ♫ ♫ and how much I still want you ♫ ♫ If I was you, I would just love me back ♫ Guy Next Door I was going to pick up on the 5th ring, but I ended up picking up on the 3rd. I'm too easy, right? If you called, you should at least say something! Why aren't you saying anything! Come to me. Am I an easy woman who comes when you tell her to come and goes when you tell her to go? I want to see you. I miss you. ♫ You pretend to be okay, smiling ♫ ♫ But in those eyes, there is sadness, always ♫ ♫ Because I know your scars better than anyone else ♫ ♫ Because I can’t say anything, it starts to ache ♫ ♫ What should I do with these feelings of mine? ♫ ♫ You, like the breeze, you scatter my heart ♫ ♫ It may be that I, for a very long time, ♫ ♫ have been waiting for you ♫ I'm an easy woman who comes when you tell her to come and goes when you tell her to go. There. Now, what should I do for you? ♫ But the more I avoid you, the more I long for you ♫ ♫ I can’t hide this heart of mine any longer ♫ Just for a little bit... Could you hold me? ♫ Though like the breeze, you scatter my heart ♫ ♫ It may be that I, for a very long time, ♫ ♫ Have been waiting for you ♫ Seosan Taean Why aren't you asking where we're going? I don't care. Wherever is fine, because I'm an easy woman. Thank you for being an easy woman. Do you know how hard it is for a woman to make up her mind to be an easy woman? If you become wishy-washy now, I'll kill you. Why aren't you answering me? It looks like you're going to keep being wishy-washy? I'm not going to be wishy-washy. Yaaay! You've fallen for me, Park Do Kyung! ♫ My heart, why is my heart doing this? ♫ ♫ What about love, why is my heart doing this? ♫ ♫ Every day, it makes me shed tears and snot and makes my heart hurt ♫ ♫ What about love? My heart is racing, racing ♫ ♫ I want to lay my heart onto your sweet lips ♫ ♫ Dream a dream of you, ♫ ♫ A dream I'm kissing you ♫ Since when did you start liking me? Should I guess? The first time you saw me! - No. - Then when? From the moment you told me you voted for yourself for class president. Why then? That was totally embarrassing! The fact that you have the courage to say you're embarrassed about something embarrassing, it looked good. Of all things. I have so many things to be embarrassed about. Should I tell you more? When I took the dictation test for the first time in elementary school, I got 20 points. And another one... Oh! When I went to an orientation during my first year at college, I had to go pee so I stopped an entire tour bus! Augh, that was so embarrassing back then! Oh, I've even fallen off a bus before! That... You know how the row farthest in the back is a bit higher? I was sitting in the back row and falling asleep against the window when I fell out, but the shocking thing is I didn't get hurt at all. Like, I was so embarrassed that I just ran away! Oooh. You're going to drink? Ah! Hot! Give it here. I'll do it. No, it's fine. It'll be hot for a bit and then it won't. If I say, "Oww, it hurts, can you hoo hoo (blow) on it for me?" then what will you do? I'll kill you. I thought you'd say that. If I ask you to feed me "aaaah", then— I won't. I won't ask. I won't, so drink up and don't worry about that! Don't cut it and eat it in one bite. Oh, that juice is spilling out, try it. Just eat it without dipping it in anything, that's how you taste shellfish. It's tasty, right? That time, when we ate pork belly with your parents, it was nice. What? After you'd so mercilessly rejected me. Was it fun when my parents put on a show? Your mom... Thank you for the last time with the window, we should've bought you a meal earlier. Sorry for being so late with greetings. Have some! When she put meat on my rice. Why are you so moved by something like that? It makes you seem so pitiful... Just say the word! I'll put meat, kimchi, and anything else on whatever you eat, for every meal! Eat. I'm going to put all of it on your plate all night. Oh, that's a big one. ♫ Softly, I'm melting now. Softly, I melt you too ♫ ♫ My heart is a small and cute Little Miss Sunshine ♫ ♫ As I conjure your face ♫ ♫ Suddenly, it is dawn ♫ Oh, Miss! You're coming home early tonight? Wow, are you going to work at night? This is today's dress code. Rooftop party. Rooftop party. Whoo! Rooftop party. Rooftop party. Ah! Rooftop party. Whoo! Rooftop party. Rooftop party, rooftop party. Oh! Rooftop party! Rooftop party. Rooftop party, whoo! Rooftop party. Rooftop party. You know what a rooftop party is, right? In our language, it's a rooftop party. That's where all the popular kids gather these days. See you later. Rooftop party. Oh, rooftop party. Rooftop party, rooftop party! Rooftop party, rooftop party. - Au revoir. (Goodbye.) - Au revoir! (Goodbye!) Merde. (Sh*t.) It's farther in there. Let's leave quickly, we might be late. Let's go. It's time for our shift change. We are serious. Ah. Oh, she's the lady without a face.. Let's go! L-Let's go. Slowly. Escort me, please. Huh? You see, I... Am proud of you. Ahjummas of the neighborhood. Juice! Please sit. But we're really okay. You brought me home safely. How could I just send you away? We're really okay. Please sit! Drink slowly. May I ask you one thing? How many men have you... slept with? W-Well, at our age, you know. My age is... Forty-four. The number of men I've slept with is... Two and a half. You must have more than me. If I... sleep with a man, I like them. I don't sleep with them because I like them. If I sleep with them, I come to like that person. But, of all things, why did it had to be that loser! Everyone is saying that I'm cool and chic, but.. Cool? Chic? I don't know much about those things. If you sleep together, shouldn't you go all the way to the end? In this universe, among all these many bodies, the probability of one body coming together with another body... That is a fate where you need to go all the way. Isn't that destiny? But, it had to be someone that gets together every night with anyone, and doesn't even know who they slept with. A loser dog who sleeps with different women every single night?! This is impossible! Why did it have to be that bastard? Why?! Get out. Get out! Get out! Get out! Get out, get out! Not there! There! Get out! Get out! Get out, get out, get out! Get out! I knew from the first time I saw that guy at the age of six. That freaking jerk. I chased him around all week calling him, "Hyung, Hyung." Do you know what that bastard said to me after a week? "You... Go back to your house." But I've lived in that house until now. You both have the same last name, Park. You aren't blood-related? Oh come on. Is everyone with the same last name Park siblings? So that it wouldn't be noticeable that her kids had different fathers, Mom must have chosen someone whose last name was Park when she re-married. Let's live together. I was wondering what I should say, since Hyung would make a fuss if I said we were going to live together. But that kind of bastard doesn't even matter, and he's not my hyung anymore, either. Now that I have the guts, I won't be living in that house anymore. I wanted to kill Ahjusshi earlier, but now I want to hug him. Who do you want to hug? Ahjussi. That bastard? Why? I wanted to kill him when I thought you guys were blood related, but because you are not blood related brothers, It seems like Ahjusshi really loves you, Oppa. I want to hug Ahjusshi and tell him I'm grateful. Sheesh! Didn't you hear what I was saying? He's a freaking jerk! Aigoo. It's a good thing that you're my boyfriend. It's a good thing that you're in my arms. What would I do if you had gone to another woman's arms? I would have felt so sorry. I don't know! Go over there, it's annoying! I'm pissed off! Ah, go away. I don't want it! Ah! You seem really drunk. Should we go in somewhere? I called a designated driver. What? Wait a minute. Oh, I'm sobering up quickly. Why are you talking about a designated driver now? Does it make sense to call a designated driver here? Why not? No, think about it. Think about it. From here... To Seoul, it will probably cost at least 200,000 won. ($200) 300,000 won. ($300) 300,000 won? Not 30,000 won? No, this is— With that money... Oh. This is so absurd, I can't even talk. I'll ask him to give us a discount. I mean, right now. That's not what I mean right now. Right now, in this kind of atmosphere, we came all the way to the sea, had a drink, kissed and hugged, and everything! Does it make sense to call a designated driver here? Are you asking me to drive? Is this Hongdae? Is this Gangnam? Where are you going to find a designated driver in this hick town? I'm here. I'm the designated driver. You are going to Seoul, right? Okay. Wait a minute. Isn't 300,000 a little too much? With that money... Somewhere. I will take you for 200,000 won. I was on my way to Seoul anyway. 180,000 won? Fine. 150,000 won. Let's agree on 150,000 won. I need to make some money also. Last Motel Women shouldn't sleep in places like motels. If that's so true, then do men go by themselves to these kinds of places? Let's stop. You're holding back when a women is determined to be easy for you? Later. Let's sleep somewhere nice, the two of us. When? Seoul ♫ Softly, I'm melting now. Softly, I melt you too. ♫ ♫ My heart is a small and cute Little Miss Sunshine ♫ ♫ As I conjure your face ♫ ♫ Suddenly, it is dawn ♫ ♫ Why is it so difficult for you ♫ ♫ to let me go, when I am trying so hard? ♫ ♫ That because of you, I can hurt this much is shocking ♫ Let's try going. Let's try going till the end. ♫ It hurts even to dream about it ♫ ♫ If it was you, how would you feel? ♫ ♫ If these crazy days became your days? ♫ ♫ If you, like me ♫ ♫ Became broken, then maybe you would know? ♫ ♫ The pain that is full of you, enough to burst my heart ♫ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 