The Deuce: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Deuce 
 s1e2 - Show and Prove - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Deuce (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Show and Prove - full transcript 
 Vincent's failing marriage forces him to move into a seedy Times Square hotel, but his success drawing customers to a struggling Korean bar brings a tempting offer from Mafia capo Rudy Pipilo. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 {\an8}《堕落街传奇》前情提要 弗兰奇 你觉得你很逗 是吧 Frankie, think you're pretty funny, don't cha? 我是文森特 My name's Vincent. 你有个哥哥 You got a brother? 因为他欠纽约的每一个人 VINCENT MARTINO: He owes everybody in New York City. 以你这种姿色 整条街都是我们的 Thoroughbred like you, we would own this damn street. 每一分都是我的 我不需要你 I'm gonna keep what I earn. I don't need you. 我不需要别人来打点我的钱 I don't need anybody else to hold my money for me. 我是名学生 纽约大学的 I'm a student, NYU. 我明早有考试 I have a test in the morning, 我只是需要点东西提神好继续学习 I just needed something to stay awake so I could study. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 -第一次来纽约吗 -这么明显吗 - First time in New York? - Does it show? 不是每个人都能成功的 不过你会成功 Not everybody gets to be successful, but you're gonna be. 达琳 今晚努力点 懂吗 Darlene, ain't no laying back tonight. You hear me? 当然 爹地 All for you, daddy. 在下雨 CC 我今晚不想工作 It's raining, C.C. I don't want to work tonight. 我叫你出去卖 你就去卖 When I say to get out there, it'll be 'til you do it. 你给老子赚钱 You gimme my goddamn money. 山迪·柯法斯 奇才 Sandy Koufax, freak of nature. 汉克·格林伯格 奇才 Hank Greenberg, freak of nature. 麦克·超级犹太人·艾普斯坦 1969华盛顿参议员队 Mike "Super Jew" Epstein, 1969 Washington Senators, 403次打数 30次本垒打 85打点 403 at-bats, 30 homers, 85 RBIs. 知道他们为什么叫他超级犹太人吗 You know why they call him Super Jew? 因为他是唯一的一个 'Cause he's the only one. 你听谁谈论过米奇·超级异教徒·曼托吗 Did you ever hear anyone talk about Mickey "Super Gentile" Mantle? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 或者威利·超级浣熊·梅斯 Or Willie "Super Coon" Mays? No offense. -我们该走了 -狗娘养的反犹太人 - We should head out. - Cock-sucking anti-Semitic-- 罗伯托·超级板鸭·克莱门特 Roberto "Super Spic" Clemente. 格罗斯曼 你来凑什么热闹 Grossman, what are you getting your ass all up in the air for? 你们擅长用脑 Your people are about the mind. 我们擅长用脑 是吧 为什么我在干这个 We're about the mind, huh? Why am I on the job? 好了 谁要去 All right, who's good? 妓女巡逻 我不去 The Ho Patrol? Include me out. 行 你们两个本分点 Fine, you two just play nice. 我们回头来接你们 We'll pick you up on the rebound. 他在说什么 我们一向本分的啊 What's he talking about? We're always nice. 带他们去密苏里 马特 Take them to Missouri, Matt. 犹太人擅长下棋 对吗 俄国人 Jews are great at chess, right? The Russians? 该死 罗伊 是谁建造的金字塔 God damn it, Roy, who built the pyramids? 妓女巡逻 Ho patrol! 巡逻车来了 Wagon! -你好吗 宝贝 -姑娘们 - How you doing, honey? - Ladies, ladies, ladies! -所有人在货车旁边排队 -操 - Everyone against the van. - Shit! -立刻在货车旁边排队 -快点 邦尼 - Against the van now. - Keep moving, Bunny. 听着 我要看中央登记处的财产凭证 Listen up, I want to see property vouchers from central booking. 过去48小时内没有登记过的 你们懂规矩 Anyone not collared in the last 48 hours, you know the drill. -快拿出来 姑娘们 -你们什么都不用给他们看 - Show and prove, ladies. - You ain't got to show them shit. 需要的 天才 Actually they do, genius. 你没读过《宪法》吗 Ain't you read the Constitution? 轻点抓我 Careful with those meat hooks. 我很脆弱的 I'm delicate like a teacup. 我看看 你可以走了 All right, let me see. You're good. -操 -可以走了 - Fucked up. - You're good. 抱歉 进去吧 Sorry, in you go. -搞错没有 -进去 - For crying out loud. - In you go. -我知道 -你在把她们像牲畜一样对待 - I'm going! - Larry: You're treating them like cattle. 你好意思说 我看看 进去 And you should talk. Let me see. In you go. -今晚演出门票售罄了 姑娘们 -进去 象腿 - A sold-out show tonight, ladies. - In you go, Thunder. 该死 弗拉纳根 这不就是 God damn, Flanagan, I got it right here. 上面印的是28号 今天是31号 It was stamped the 28th. Today's the 31st. 是30号 四月没有31号 It's the 30th. There ain't no April 31st. 九月 四月 六月 十二月都只有30天 30 days in September, April, June, December. 四月 马歇尔·迪龙 April, Marshal Dillon. 以后再来找你 All right, we'll catch you later. 晚安 警官 Have a good night, Officer. -进去 -听到没 - In you go. - Thunderthighs: Hear that? 你的婚戒呢 弗拉纳根 Where's your wedding ring, Flanagan? -我不喜欢它在手上的样子 -坐 - I don't like the way it looks on my hand. - Take a seat. 能在瑞克苏尔那停下车吗 我得买漱口水 Can we stop at the Rexall? I need mouthwash. 跟洛瑞塔说我马上过去 Tell Loretta I'm gonna be down there. 老实点 姑娘们 Play nice, ladies. {\an8}堕落街传奇 第一季第二集 很好 Yeah. That's amazing. 躺在床上 Lie down on the bed. 不不 像母狮一样躺开 No, no, no, spread out, like a-- like a lioness. 对 很好 Oh, yeah, that's-- that's good. 很好 Yeah, that's good. 你奶子很漂亮 You got fabulous tits. 好的 Oh, yeah, there you go. 左手放下来 宝贝 Uh, put your left arm down, honey. 很好 很好 Yeah, that's great. Yeah, good. 好了 All right. 拍完了 Yeah, I think we got it. 好 All right. 现在干什么 What now? 你在这些后面签上你的名字和电话 You sign your name and number on the back of these, 我再把它们拿给那些人 and I hand them out to some of the fellas. 他们如果喜欢 就会给你电话 They like what they see, they give you a call. 这是试镜 对吗 This is for an audition, right, you said? 是的 表演 电影 Yeah, it's acting. It's movies. 很多明星都是这样开始的 A lot of stars got their start this way. 你都想象不到有谁 You'd be surprised who. 而且你有朋友也在干这个 Plus, you know, some of your friends are doing it. 有问题就去问 You got concerns, ask around. 问谁 Ask who? 洛瑞塔 夏伊 Loretta, for one. Shay, two. 那个黑女 You know, that colored girl. -露比 -不 不是象腿姐 - Ruby? - No, not Thunderthighs. 是那个瘦的 头发很多 No, the little one with all the hair. 达琳都没跟我提起过 Darlene never said nothing to me. 我亲眼看过她的片子 Hey, I've seen her in action myself 就在堕落街上 on one of those machines they got 那个胖子书店里的机器上 down at the fat man's bookstore on the Deuce. 她是狗趴式 She's getting it doggie style. 一共40 That'll be 40. 你是当真的吗 What, for real? 拍摄很贵的 还有我的时间 Film is expensive. My time? 你以后能赚到的钱 你主子会谢谢我的 The money you're gonna earning, your man'll thank me. 你有真的特质 亲爱的 You got real attributes, sweetheart. 你会很火的 You're gonna be very popular. -姑娘们 -文 - Ladies. - Vin. 这里真热闹 This place is busy. 这个点 基本都是刚从办公室下班的 This hour, it's still the office trade. -过会儿人群就会变 -14区的警察来巡逻了 - Crowd changes later on. - The 1-4 got the wagon out. -差点毁了我的晚上 -同情你 - Damn near made a mess of my night. - Sorry to hear it. 第一杯我请客 不过你们得注意点分寸 First one's on me, but you gotta be discreet. 我不干涉你们做生意 I don't mind your business, 但金不喜欢你们在这里面揽活 but Kim don't like you bringing it in here. 至少别这么早 Not this early in the night, at least. 不揽活 我保证 Off duty, Scout's honor. 赛尔脱兹矿泉水加酸橙 Seltzer water with lime. 汤姆柯林斯鸡尾酒 Tom Collins for me, baby. 好的 You got it. 糖糖 Candy, baby? "注意分寸"是什么意思 What do "Discreet" mean? 意思是 别露奶子和屁股 Um, means don't be flashing tits and ass, 不能在这里拉活 making trade in here. 我也以为是这个意思 That's what I thought it mean. -给你 -文斯 兄弟 - Here you go. - Vince, my man. 你挺适合当皮条客 You got some pimp in you. 那是在夸你 It's a compliment. 谢了 Thanks. 你们这群想挖金矿的懒货 Look at you sloppy, gold-shield grubbing motherfuckers. 让开点 各位 Make some room, ladies. 现在在抓醉鬼 We're now the drunk wagon. -哈迪克斯 -让开 小芭 - Hey, Haddix. - Shove over, Barb. -三十块加十块 -三十块加五吧 - 30 and 10. - 30 and 5, all in. 不讲价 I'm not bargaining. 你去哪儿了 妞 Where you been, girl? 跟伯尼·沃夫拍照了 Photo shoot with Bernie Wolf. -你主子知道吗 -CC叫我去的 - Your man know about that? - C.C. told me to. 他说我应该往工具箱里补点货 He said I should add more tools to my toolbox. 好吧 伯尼能帮你拿到活儿 Well, Bernie'll get you work. 感觉如何 夏伊 So, what's it like, Shay? 我才刚开始 你问洛瑞塔吧 Well, I'm just starting. Loretta can tell you. 她已经"日光"一年了 She's been sunlighting all year. -是吗 -什么叫日光 - Really? - What's sunlighting? 就是白天拍电影 Making movies during the day. -给色情片机器用 -对 - For the machines. - Yeah. -但是钱只给一次 -跟做鸡一样 - But you only get paid once. - Same as a trick. 不 每次有人投币看片 No, every time some guy puts a coin in one of those machines, 就有人能因为你拍的片赚钱 someone's making money off what you did 但你却一分钱拿不着 and you're not making another dime. 可你也拍 对吧达琳 But you do it, Darlene, right? -偶尔吧 -是吗 - Not regular. - No? 拉里让我跟个男的拍过一部电影 Larry asked me to make a movie with a man. -不过只是给那个男人的 -我去 - But it was just for that man. - Uh-huh, shit. 供他以后看 So he could look at it later. 他还多给我钱了 He paid me extra. 等等 Hold on. 他是后入式操你的吗 Did this man fuck you from behind? 你怎么知道 How you know that? 伯尼说他在胖穆尼店里看过 Bernie said he saw it at Fat Mooney's. -不 不可能 -怎么 伯尼说的 - No, no, that can't be. - What? Bernie said. 我现在就去看 Well, I'm gonna see about that right now. 我跟你一起去 我也有事要找穆尼 Hey, I'm gonna go with you. I gotta talk to Mooney, too. 她怒了 She's pissed. -我尿急到要喷出来了 -扶着门 - I gotta piss like a racehorse. - Hold the door. 你看什么看 What are you looking at? 你可以尽情冲我摇头 里兹 Yeah, you shake your head at me all you want, Rizzi. 但我每天赚的钱都比你多 Meanwhile, I make more money than you day in, day out. 我老婆赚的钱都比我多 My wife makes more money than me. 是吗 她也提供口和操吗 Oh, yeah? She do half-and-half, too? -他们是这么说的 -别贫嘴了 - That's what they tell me. - All right with the mouth. 我要九号配着龙虾酱 I'm a number nine with lobster sauce. 九号本来就有龙虾酱 Number nine already comes with lobster sauce. -你是要多加吗 -对 谢谢 - Are you saying you want extra? - Yes, please. -三块七毛五 -我要炸春卷 - $3.75. - Eggrolls for me, baby. 炸春卷 你呢 Eggrolls. And you? 小芭 看看菜单 Barb, look at the menu. 回头再来 I'll come back. 老穆 Hey, Moon. 达琳 有什么事 Darlene. What you need? 我的电影 A movie of myself. 听说你会在那边的机器里播放 I heard you're running it in the machine over there. 可能吧 我也不知道 Could be. I don't know. 我猜你还有能卖给别人的碟片 And I'm guessing you got copies people can buy, too. 我得看看库存 I'll have to check the inventory. 快点 Do that. 我只剩两盒了 I only have two left. 你人气挺高的 You're very popular. "后庭诱惑" 这些你卖多少钱 "Back Door Betty"? How much you sell these for? 新客五十 老客三十五 怎么了 50 to chumps, 35 to regulars. Why? 哪里来的货 是谁放出来的 Where do they come from? Who puts them out? -谁 -你听不懂人话吗 谁拍的电影 - Who? - What are you, an owl? Whose movie is it? 达琳 你是想问我要地址吗 Darlene, what do you want, an address? -我他妈怎么知道 -你不知道 - I don't fucking know. - You don't know? 也许你有耳闻 卖淫是违法的 You may have heard, but it's illegal to have sex for money, 卖黄片也是违法的 and it's illegal to sell pictures of people having sex for money. 芝士蛋糕没问题 I mean, cheesecake, yeah, okay, 但这种限制级东西都得用纸袋 but the hard-core stuff stays in paper bags. 我都不敢摆在店里 I can't even put it out in the store. 你问我是谁 恕我无可奉告 So "Who"? Not a sensible question for me. 你是从哪儿拿到的 Where do you get them from? 我就是能拿到 I get them. 你要想的话拿走吧 Look, take them, you want. 无所谓 拿走 I don't care. Go. 走吧 Go. 你从我这买一盒 十块 Buy one back from me. 10 bucks. 我去 达琳 Jesus, Darlene. 这要求不过分 It's the least you can do. 给你 穆尼 我在找活儿干 Here you go, Mooney. I'm looking for work. 把这个给那些你不认识的 Give it to one of those guys in the movie business 拍电影的 you don't know. 我跟你说 艾什莉不需要伯尼·沃夫 Girl, Ashley didn't need Bernie Wolf. 雷吉可以免费拍 Reggie shot those for free. 艾比·阿泰尔 本尼·伦纳德 巴特林·莱温斯基 Abe Attell, Benny Leonard, Battling Levinsky, 巴尼·罗斯 还有马西·罗森布鲁姆 Barney Ross, Slapsy Maxie Rosenbloom. 等等 我都不知道 Hold on, hold on, I don't even know 你他妈这是在说什么运动 what the fuck sport you're even talking about right now. 拳击 蠢货 Boxing, asshole. 拳击 耶稣啊 圣母玛利亚 Boxing? Jesus, Mary, Joseph. -我叫你叔叔成吗 -随便你 - Uncle, already. - All right, be that way. -是拉里弄的吗 -我说真的 你赢了 - Larry do that to you? - I'm serious, you win. 你他妈闭嘴 不然我走了 Now shut the fuck up or I'm walking away. 你是想救我不再自甘堕落吗 You want to save me from myself? 你能救我的 'Cause you can. 不如你直接回家吧 How about you just go home? 回布朗克斯吗 To the Bronx? 操 Shit. 你只有这一条出路吗 Still, this your only move? 我操 你知道吗 Oh, shit. You know what? 我完全忘记去读书了 I completely forgot to get an education. 你能信吗 You believe that? 格罗斯曼 哈迪克斯 Grossman, Haddix, 赶紧进去吧 y'all better get inside. 鲁五分钟后就回来了 Lieu's about five minutes out. 好 都进去吧 All right, let's move. 所有东西丢进垃圾桶 Everything goes in a can. 我要尿尿 I gotta pee. 戴斯屈又搭车吗 Destry rides again? 你们今晚干得不错 You guys did a good job tonight. 过几天得去查抄书店了 We got a couple raids coming up-- bookstores. 你去吗 You in? 你去吧 You're in. 好好好好 不要 Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, no! 妈 这游戏少了一块 Ma, this piece is missing from this game. 我跟你说了 零件不全玩不了的 I told you, it doesn't work without all the parts. 你跟我说了 You told me. 怎么 你要我现在出去给你买吗 What, you want me to run right out to Macy's or something? 不 我不是那个意思 No, I didn't say that. 家里还有你的旧游戏 We still have that old game of yours. "神秘约会" 记得吗 "Mystery Date." Remember that one? -什么游戏 -邂逅你梦中情人的机会 - What game? - Your chance to meet the man of your dreams. 那个游戏肯定是完整的 I'm sure we got all the pieces to that one. 想要我去找出来吗 You want me to dig it out? 那不是给男孩玩的 That's not a game for boys. 我们去打牌 好吗 Hey, let's play cards, okay? 你房里有牌吗 You got a deck in your room? 你死啦 Now you're dead. 我不懂啊 文斯 I don't get it, Vince. 你干嘛从多米尼克那辞职 Why would you quit Dominic's place around the corner 跑河对岸跟个中国佬一起干呢 and go with a Chink on the other side of the river? 因为在多米尼克我不过是个帮忙的 Because to Dom, I'm always just the fucking help. 金完全搞不清状况 所以我能主导一切 Kim, he don't know what the fuck's going on, so I'm in charge. -就像是我自己开的 -然而并不是 - It's like my own place. - Yeah, except it ain't. 随口一说 Just saying. 而且河对岸有意思的多了去了 Plus a lot of shit going on across the river, 时代广场 拍戏的旅游的 Times Square, the action, tourists, 时不时有名人出现 celebrities now and then. 杰瑞·范戴克那晚来了吧里 Jerry Van Dyke came into the bar the other night, 点了一杯麦太鸡尾酒 ordered a mai tai. 杰瑞吗 Jerry? 嗯 杰瑞·范戴克 《我的汽车妈妈》 Yeah, Jerry Van Dyke. "My Mother the Car"? 杰瑞·范戴克 Jerry Van Dyke. 我当时在蒂法拉 Shit, I was in Di Fara's. 迪克·范戴克就在我面前点披萨 Dick Van Dyke's in front of me ordering a slice. -迪克·范戴克 -洋葱香肠披萨 - Dick Van Dyke? - Yeah, sausage and onion. 你在河对岸 The fuck you doing jerking off Jerry Van Dyke 意淫杰瑞·范戴克干毛线 on the wrong fucking side of the river? 鬼才信迪克·范戴克会在J大道上吃披萨 Bullshit on Dick Van Dyke eating pizza on Avenue J. 真的 洋葱香肠披萨 Bullshit? Fucking true. Sausage and onion. 他看上去随时 Looked he was about ready 准备唱《烟囱之歌》 to sing "Chim Chimney" any fucking second. 我打算在韩国人那 I'm doing something at the Korean place 赚笔大的 to make me some real money. 我上周赚了700块 I pulled 700 on my take last weekend. 700块 操 我该当酒保的 700? Shit, I should be a barman. 你那够可以了 Yeah, you're doing fine where you are. -刚升为工头 -永远都不够 - You just made foreman. - There's never enough. 家里有好多小孩 I got a lot of chicks in the nest. 那就让我们妹妹休息会 Well, try leaving our sister alone for a minute. 或者来点调味剂 Yeah, or maybe putting a condiment on it. 你对中国佬的酒吧做了什么 What'd you do with the Chink bar? 打扮好女服务员 Dresses up the waitresses. 她们穿着内衣 They're wearing underwear, 俯身给你倒酒 bending over, spilling on you. 不是内衣是紧身衣 Not underwear. Leotards. -紧身衣 -没错 - Leotards, huh? - Yeah. 姑娘们身材够辣吗 Girls look hot? 鲍比 为了干她们一次你情愿干我两次 Hey, Bobby, you would fuck me twice to fuck them once. 这周我过来瞧瞧 I think I might stop in this week. 我们现在工地所处的第二街离你那不远 We're still working that site over on 2nd not too far away. 你都结婚有孩子了 Hey, you're married with children 还借款买了家具 混蛋 and loan furniture, fucko. -你要还房贷 -看看无妨 - You got a mortgage. - It's okay to look. 可原谅之罪 Just a venial sin. 我去 你刚刚用了"可原谅"这个词吗 Fuck me, you just used "Venial" in a sentence? 我不是他妈 他需要你 I'm not his mother. He needs you. 我已经尽最大努力了 I'm doing the best I can. 我跟他说你住在华盛顿 I tell him you live in Washington, 为政府工作 that you work for the government 你的工作是秘密 and it's a secret what you do. 让他觉得你身居要职对他有好处 It's good for him to think you're doing something important. 你下次去百货商场 You know, next time you go to the department store, 给他买个游戏什么的 buy him a game or something. 有个叫"手术"的游戏 They got one called "Operation." 你可以扮成医生 You get to pretend you're a doctor. 很有意思 孩子们很喜欢 It buzzes. Kids really like it. 也许可以启发他 Maybe that'll inspire him. 长大后当个医生 He might grow up to be a doctor. 或者律师 Or a lawyer. 或别的什么 Or whatever. 谢谢你做的一切 I appreciate everything. 艾琳... Eileen... 照顾好你自己 you take care of yourself. 文斯 Vince. 那人点了杯七七鸡尾酒 就给了我二十块小费 That guy just tipped me 20 on a single 7 and 7. 早知道他这么喜欢我 If I knew he'd like me that much, 给他倒酒会更加周到的 I'd have given him a better pour. 他不喜欢你 艾尔 他喜欢你呈现的方式 He doesn't like you, El. He likes how you present. 随口一说 Just saying. 第一轮我包了 小文 First round's on me, Vinnie. 今天外面太阳真他妈热 Fucking hot out there in the sun today. -这里挺凉快的 -是啊 - Well, it's cool in here. - Yeah, I know. 美女环绕 You and all this snatch walking around 加上空调 and air conditioning in the bargain. 你没开玩笑 You weren't kidding. 凭这些确实可以给我涨房租 This is something you could raise my rent for. 别太激动 Don't get all worked up. 机场附近有个袒胸酒吧 There's a topless bar out by the airport. 他们的姑娘是妓女 Them girls is whores. 这些不过是给我倒酒的女服务员 These are waitresses bringing me drinks. 这...很不同 It's... I don't know, different. -正是 -没错 - Exactly. - That's right. 这是上等的 It's like, uh, classy. 汤米·朗格 Tommy Longo. -你认识他吗 -朗格吗 - You know him? - Longo? 小车生意 In the carting business. -什么是小车 -垃圾车 - What the hell's carting? - Garbage trucks. 他在城里有施工合同 He's got construction contracts in the city. 我们的工地就算一个 Our site, for one. 他也是个放高利贷的 Well, he's also a shylock. 小文 你借了汤米·朗格的贷吗 Vinnie, you into Tommy Longo? -再猜 -弗兰奇是吧 - Guess again. - Frankie, huh? 没错 Yeah. 失陪一下 Well, pardon me while I go kiss 我要去拍某个意大利熟人的马屁 some familiar Italian ass. 回来的时候帮我兑成现金 可以吗 On your way back cash this for me, will you? 他们为什么不早上发工资 Why don't they just give it to you 你们就能去银行了 in the morning so you can go to the bank? 老板觉得早上付工资 Eh, the bosses figure if they pay us in the morning, 我们就会离开工地去买醉 we'll wander off the job site and go get wrecked. 可能真有道理 They're probably right. 拿到支票要周一才能兑现 By the time we get checks, there's no cash till Monday. 你们工资总额多少 How much payroll do you got on the site? 现在有八万二 I got 82 grand in payroll right now. 有些时候多点 Sometimes more. 你能帮我们也兑现吗 文斯 Can you get us, too, Vince? 好好好 没问题 Yeah, yeah, yeah, you're good. 我也要 Me, too. -等会 -谢谢 文 - Give me a second. - Thanks, Vin. 真够猛的 You did some drastic shit there, I gotta say. 是吗 Yeah? 在明尼苏达没见识过吗 Minnesota ain't seen none of that? 你这本事 That thing you do, I don't think 匹兹堡以西目前还没有 it's made it west of Pittsburgh yet. 你喜欢这个打扮吗 Do you like this look? 我可以做这个蓬松的发型 I could wear my hair in a shag like that. 我肯定也能像她一样演戏 You know, I bet I could do what she does, too. 我每晚都在演 不是吗 我很拿手 I mean, I act every night, don't I? I'm good at it. 宝贝 把那玩意拿开 Baby, put that shit away. 简·方达和你一点也不像 Jane Fonda ain't got nothing on you. 我听说那部电影里没人给她拉皮条 I heard in that movie she ain't got no pimp. 你知道那是扯淡的 对吗 You know that's bullshit, right? 在电影里可以 It's fine for pretend, 但在现实生活里没皮条客可不行 but that won't work on the streets. 我能跟你说个秘密吗 Can I confide something in you? 当然可以 You know you can. 我从没有说过这样的话 I ain't never verbalized this shit before 对人对畜生都没有 所以 to man nor beast, so... 地球上没有人有皮条客这么孤独 There ain't no individual on earth as alone as a pimp. 你想和你手下的女人成家 对吧 You try to make a family with your bitches, right? 但过一阵子 她们大多数人都盼着你失败 But after while, most of them, they just want you to fail. 就好像是她们天性中的一部分 It's like a part of their nature. 你只能玩各种心理游戏 So you wind up having to play all kinds of mind games 让她们听话 但谁也骗不了谁 to keep them all in line, but nobody's fooling nobody. 她们希望你失败 They want your ass to fail. 其他的皮条客 The other pimps, 总是把"兄弟长 兄弟短"挂在嘴边 it's "Brother this, brother that," 但到了最后 but at the end of the day, 他们只想着抢你的生意 all they want to do is shanghai your stable. 还有条子 他们只想要你的钱和战利品 The pigs, they want your money and your scalp, 说真心话 洛瑞 我... and, God's truth, Lori, I'm-- 我真的厌倦这所有的一切 知道吗 I'm just sick and tired of the whole damn thing, you know? 人人为己的心态 这... The whole dog-eat-dog mentality, it... 我年复一年都在 You know, I've shown, improved myself out there 表现自己 努力进步 而现在 year in and year out, and right now, 我只想找个好女人 找到了我就收手 all I need is one good woman, and I'm gone. 是啊 Yeah. 我要金盆洗手 I'm taking off. 成个像样的家 生几个孩子 Making a proper home, have some babies, 享受生活 出去见见世面 之类的 kick back, see the world, that kind of shit. 你懂我的意思吗 You know what I'm saying? -我喜欢这样 -是吗 - I like that. - You like that? 瞧 问题是... See, the thing is... 但这所有的前提是我要赚够钱 I can't do none of that until I make me a proper pile. 在那之前 我要为了赚钱 Until then, I'm gonna be out there 像勇士般拼搏 like a warrior for my scratch. 我的真命天女会像亚马逊女战士一样 My chosen one will be an Amazon 为了我的钱而奋斗 out there for my scratch. 懂我的意思没 See what I'm saying? 上周还了四千 Four last week. 希望这星期数额一样或更多 Hoping for the same or more this week. 尽我所能 Doing what I can for you. 我知道这周会比较困难 It's gonna be hard for you this week, I know. 你哥哥在皇后区的连赢势头突然终结了 Your brother's lucky streak in Queens ended abruptly... 听说的 I'm told. 操 Fuck me. 钱柜看起来很饱满 Mmm, till looks fat, though. 我不偷金的钱 我说过了 I don't steal from Kim. I told you. 你说过了 You told me. 我来想办法 I'm working on it. {\an8}CCAB建筑公司 今晚 房费 酒店服务员的小费 Now tonight, the room, the hotel clerk, 都付过了 it's all paid for. 你只用专心做好手头的事 You just concentrate on the thing at hand. 收完钱第一件事 看看他的老二 First thing after the money, you check his Johnson. 如果染了病 就让他滚 That thing looks poxy, out he goes. 我还会不懂什么鸡巴有病 Do you really think you need to tell me about dick drip? 我16岁就开始干这行了 I've been doing this since I was 16. 我只是说你被感染了对我没好处 仅此而已 I'm saying you're no good to me diseased, that's all. 还有件事 Oh, one thing. 别让他自己插进去 Uh, don't let him put himself inside you. 他们会一直用手扇你 They'll just keep slamming you with the side of their hands. 你握着老二进去 知道吗 You do the putting in, all right? 减少点擦伤 Save some wear and tear on that thing. 我妈以前总是说 You know, it's like my mother used to say-- 身体是革命的本钱 without your health, nothing else matters. 达伦也是这么跟我说的 That's what Darren used to say to me. 让我来告诉你关于你的达伦 You know, let me tell you something about your boy Darren 还是克莱姆还是意弗斯还是谁 or Clem or Eefus or who the fuck. 他只是个儿童拉皮条名人堂的 He's a pimp like a crippled little-leaguer 一个残疾成员 is a Hall of fucking Famer, all right? 我是皮条客 I'm a pimp. 你第一个也是最后一个真男人皮条客 好吗 Your first and last real man pimp, okay? -好的 -我才是正宗的皮条客 - Okay. - I'm a fucking pimp! 知道了 老爹 I hear you, Daddy. 是吗 Yeah? 洛瑞 看看这个 过来 Lori, check this out. Come here. 今晚很重要 Now, you got a big day tonight, 你先去洗洗干净 so why don't you get yourself cleaned up 睡个美容觉 好吗 and get some beauty sleep, all right? 好吧 All right. 你... You, uh-- 你去过法国吗 you ever been to France? 没有吗 No? 我也没有 Yeah, me neither. 好吧 我懂你意思了 Okay, I see what you're saying. -你好啊 弗兰奇 -苏西 - Hey, Frankie. - Susie. 给我杯皇冠威士忌 Crown Royal, if you please. 他们每周五都排长队 They'll be lining up every Friday. -有什么好酒 -只要我们手上有现金 - What's good? - So as long as we have the cash on hand, 我们就没事 we're gonna do good. 瞧那是谁 Whoa, what the fuck? -汤米·朗格 -我的双胞胎哥哥弗兰奇 - Tommy fuckin' Longo... - My twin brother Frankie. 就是那个混蛋挑起的事 That's the mook who starts all this. 这是什么玩意 《蓓蒂杜克秀》吗 老天 What is this, "The Patty Duke Show"? Christ. 他哥哥很有意思 Brother's an interesting character, 不用说 我们都知道 一个败类 not to mention, as we're all aware, a fucking degenerate. 弗兰奇还好 Frankie's all right. 他只是有点好赌 He's just got a little problem with the wagers is all. 言归正传 这是我的提议 皮普洛先生 Anyway, that's the offer, Mr. Pipilo. 说实话 我们现在手上没有那么多钱 Truth be told, we don't have the cash 还我哥哥的债 to cover my brother's debt right now, 但我们会筹齐把钱加利息还上的 but we're gonna get it and deliver beyond what we owe. 再跟我说说我们是在谈什么来着 Tell me again what we're talking about here. 有多少人要发工资 How many on the payroll? 140 大概这么多 140, give or take. 他们肯定都不开心 And I bet there isn't a one of them who's happy. 现在没人能在这周之内拿到钱 Right now no one can take home money at the end of the week. -只能等到周一 -明白了 - They wait till Monday. - I get it. 你在办公室工作吗 You work in the office? 我能接触到工资表 I have access to the payroll lists, 如果你要问的是这个 if that's what you're asking. 我知道你姐夫能给我什么 I know what your brother-in-law gets me. 你能拿出什么来 Where do you figure in this? 鲍比是内线 Well, Bobby's the inside guy. 我是经理 I'm the manager. 这就是我的工作 这个地方  It's what I do-- this place, 所有我工作过的地方 every place I ever worked. 我会确保每一分钱 I will make sure that every penny 都能对上号 皮普洛先生 is accounted for, Mr. Pipilo. 这是我引以为傲的地方 It's a point of pride with me. 这话我可记住了 I'm gonna hold you to that. 我是这么想的 Here's what I propose. 鲁迪·皮普洛就是银行 Rudy Pipilo's gonna be the bank. 银行要从每张支票里抽取5%的费用 The bank will take a 5% fee out of every check. 员工周五打开信封 里面会装有钱 A guy opens his envelope on Friday, he'll find cash. 还有 我需要四份名义上的工作 Also, I want four no-show jobs as well. 作为我付出的奖励 Bonus for my time. 能行吗 You make that happen? 我会每周给你们一千 I'm gonna give you guys $1,000 a week, flat. 作为你和鲍比的报偿 That's for you and Bobby here, for your time. 至于和你长得像的疯子哥哥 As for your fuck-nuts look-alike brother, -他不能参与进来 懂吗 -懂 - he don't participate, understood? - Understood. 其他的任何工资 开销 Any payoffs you gotta make, any other expense, 都从你的钱里扣 that comes out of your cut. 不能迟交 不能少交 No late payments, no shorts. 懂吗 Understood? 懂 Understood. 再来一杯鸡尾酒 你就可以送我上车了 One more cocktail, then you can walk me to my car. 好的 皮普洛先生 Okay, Mr. Pipilo. 叫我鲁迪 Rudy. 鲁迪 Rudy. 你住哪 文斯 So, where you living, Vince? 在莱昂内尔酒店里定了间房 很方便 Got a room at the Lionel. Convenient-like. 有自己的卫生间 我要求不多 I got my own bathroom. I don't need much. 可是在这片区 Yeah, but this neighborhood? -象腿 -文斯 - Hey, Thunder. - Vince. 妓女们经常到吧里 Punch boards come into the bar all time, 有时甚至带着她们的皮条客 sometimes with their pimps. 他们会花钱 But, hey, their money spends 到头来还是要喝酒的 and, end of the day, they gotta drink, too, 跟大家一样 just like anyone. 我猜他们刚看完日常演出 Odds on they're coming from a matinee. 为什么一个男人带老婆出来玩 Now, why should a man have to walk through all this human garbage 一定得穿过这片破地 just to take his wife out on the town? 这些房子就空在这 All these properties just sitting here, vacant. 这样的环境 You think this area's ever gonna grow 你觉得这里会有发展吗 when you got this kind of environment here? 我不知道 鲁迪 I don't know, Rudy. 我只是每天工作赚钱 I just go to work every day, make my nut. 得有人来整治这片区域 Yeah. Someone's gotta clean this fucking place up. 不然什么都不会变 Until that happens, ain't nothing gonna change. 嗯 就像水坑里的水一样 Yeah, it's like water that kind of just sits there 永远肮脏 in a puddle, stays grimy. 对 静止的水 Standing water, right. 不流动 It's stagnant around here. 我们得让水流动起来 We gotta get the water moving again. 你是对这里有兴趣吗 What, you got some interest down here or something? 是的 我在着手了 Some. I'm working on some. 这是我的车 文斯 Here's my car. Vince... 好好干 make this right. 再见 文斯 See you, Vince. -糖糖小姐的烤饼 -谢谢 宝贝 - Flapjacks for Miss Candy. - Thank you, baby. 不用谢 亲爱的 You're welcome, darling. 你知道我在说什么 You know what I'm talking about. 我从没看过这么激烈的比赛 I had never seen such a tight series. 能给我根火柴吗 妹子 Can I get a match, girl? 我不是你的妹子 贱人 I'm not your girl, bitch. 意思是不给了吗 Is that a no? 是的 Yeah. 同行这么多我根本揽不到生意 I can't get no business all crowded up with everyone else. 我们不能搬到七个街区外 'Shell, we can't just move seven blocks. 那里是第18分局 警察不认识你 That's the 18th Precinct. Cops don't know you up there. 你一上街他们就会抓你 They'll pick you up as soon as you set foot on the corner. 再上警车几次 我们就分道扬镳 A couple of trips in the wagon and we straight. -懂我意思吗 -是吗 - Know what I'm saying? - Yeah? 那已经在那边干活的怎么办 What about the trade that's already up that way? 你觉得那些老兄会随便让我们过去吗 You think those other macks are just gonna let us move in? 那样我们两个都玩完 That gets us both cut. 里奇 你什么时候能有种点 Richie, how about you ball up sometime? 里奇 问你个问题 Hey, my man Richie, one question-- 你要收拾你的婊子还是让我来 you gonna throttle your bitch or you want me to do it for you? 一切都好 拉里 没事 Sunshine on my shoulders, Larry. It's all right. -不过谢谢你 -好吧 - But thank you. - All right. 妈咪 你好吗 Hey, Mommy, how you doing? -我很好 拉里 -确定吗 - I'm good, Larry. - Yeah, you good? 我可以跟你说 I can look at you, tell you good. 一个女孩子单独在外是很危险的 You know, it's dangerous out here for a girl by yourself. 就像在雷区遛狗 It's like walking a dog through a minefield. 你似乎需要一个陪同 You look like you need an escort. -是吗 -嗯 - I do? - Yeah. 罗德尼都跟我说了一个月了 Rodney's been giving me this talk for a month now. 罗德尼 罗德尼 罗德尼很好 Rodney, Rodney. Look, Rodney cool. 他挺好的 He cool. 但他不懂敏感 No, but he ain't got no sensitivity to him, 不懂隐私 no intimacy. 他不关心人的情况 He ain't curious about the human condition. 而我随时都在关心 I'm curious about that shit all the day. -搞什么 该死的贱人 -什么 - Excuse me, Miss Motherfucking Bitch. - Darlene: What? 你看不到我在聊天吗 回答我 Can't you see I'm talking here? Answer me. 抱歉 Sorry. 操 Damn. 接着我刚才说的 罗德尼不懂敏感 Like I was saying, Rodney ain't got no sensitivity to him. 我不会强行推销 Look, I don't do the hard sell, all right? 等时间到了 一定会到的 When the time comes, and it will come... 你知道上哪找我 ...you know where to find me. 我确实知道 That I do. 在我店里的时候 Show some respect for the young ladies 给姑娘们一点尊重 懂吗 when you in my place of business, hear? 懂了 高个 I hear you, stretch. 我们没事的 We good. 穿围裙的王八蛋 Apron-wearing motherfucker. 我需要你帮个忙 Listen, I need a solid. 那个 It's just that, um... 我明天在布朗克斯有个电影活 I'm supposed to shoot a blue tomorrow up in the Bronx, 但我必须去法庭 but I have to be in court. It's $75. 75? 我在街角就能赚到 I can make that on the corner. 干嘛跑到布朗克斯去 The hell you need to go all the way to the Bronx for? 为了我 For me. 我不想站街 I'm trying to get my ass off the street. 如果我不去和这人见面 And if I totally hang this guy up, 我就会是不受欢迎的人 I'm "Person non gratis." 拜托了 Come on. 你小的时候 难道不想拍电影吗 When you were little, didn't you always want to be in the movies? 75... 该死 你就答应了吧 For fuck's sake, say yes. 好 我去拍电影 Yes. I'll make a fucking movie. 谢谢你 亲爱的 Thank you, baby. -拉里 宝贝 -说 - Larry, baby. - Yeah. 你让我和约翰拍的那个电影 That movie you had me make with that John? 我去了穆尼的店 I went to Mooney's. 胖子穆尼 Fat Mooney? 他在卖 He's selling it? 貌似除了约翰 Just saying, I don't think nobody paid us -就没人给我们钱了 -好的 - except for that John. - All right. 我去会调查 I'm gonna look into it, 确保每人占我们便宜 make sure we ain't get took advantage of. -交给我 -上菜 玛利亚 上菜 - I'm on it. - Plate's up, Maria. Plate's up. 好 Okay. 因为我不觉得 'Cause I don't think-- 我说了交给我 I said I'm on it. 老实说 Honestly... 我不知道你是如何所有科都挂掉的 I don't see how you could fail every class. 文学也挂 I mean, literature? 艾比 你喜欢看书的 Abby, you love to read. 明年秋天可以重新申请 You can reapply next fall. -如果我们给 -我要留下 - If we write to-- - I'm staying. 什么 You're what? 我不回家 I'm not going back home. 你爸爸现在很生你的气 Your father's so upset with you right now. 他不会帮你的 He won't help you out. 我没要他帮忙 I'm not asking for his help. 那你要怎么过 How are you going to live? 不知道 大家都是怎么过的 I don't know. How does anyone live? 我会去找个工作 I'll get a job. 抱歉 妈 I'm sorry, Mom. 我之前就有预感 I had a feeling. 你需要钱或者遇到麻烦了的话 You need money or you get in trouble, 就来找我 知道吗 you come to me, understand? 好 All right. 你已经数了两次了 That's the second time you've counted it. -搞什么 -也许我会数第三次 - What the fuck? - Yeah? Maybe I make it three. 托尼 算上工资差额和加班费 一共是360 Tony, your gross was 360 with all the differentials and overtime, 减去5%的兑现费 还有342 less the 5% for cashing it and you're looking at 342. 再除掉税 Then the taxes come out. 老样子 128 还剩214 128, same as ever, and you're looking at 214, 也就是信封里装的钱 which is what's in the envelope. 别激动 鲍比 Don't get your panties in a twist, Bobby. 这是我的薪水支票 This is my paycheck here. 另外一边也是这样 Same as the other tower. 排队行进缓慢 因为都要数很多次来确认 Line goes slow 'cause they all count it four times to make sure. 下周就会快点了 下下周 Next week will be faster. Week after that, 他们会拿着信封就走人 they'll just take the envelopes and walk. 等着看吧 You'll see. 带了给鲁迪的名义工钱吗 Get the make-work money for Rudy? 再见 See ya. 卢比诺 下一个 Rubino, you're up next. 马西 有人吗 Marcy? Hello? 一分不少 To the penny. 像你说的那样 Like you said. 我们去转一圈 文斯 Let's go for a ride, Vince. 我有东西要给你看 I wanna show you something. 退后 Stay back! 带我到这来看酒店 Brought me out here to look at a hotel? 不 酒吧 No, the bar. 我听说过这地方 Yeah, I heard of this place. 这是基佬娱乐场所 对吗 It's a fag joint, right? 是的 但规模不大 便士巷 Not much of one but, yeah. Penny Lane. 跟披头士那首歌同名 Like The Beatles song. 来吧 文斯 他们不咬人 Come on, Vince, they don't bite. 那歌不错 It's a good song. 我想你来看看这地方 根据你对行业的经验 I wanted you to see this place, get your opinion, 听听你的意见 like, on account of you know the business. -你是老板吗 -不是 - You own this place? - No. 不过这里的老板有麻烦了 But the people that do are in trouble. 他们会失去赎回权 They're gonna get foreclosed on. 老板已经拖了五六个月的房租了 Owner's, like, five, six months behind on the rent. 我想把我的机器放进来 Me? I'm trying to put my machines in here-- 自动点唱机 自动售烟机之类的 the jukebox, cigarette machines like that. 但如果没有人来消费何必这么干呢 But why bother if there's no payout, right? 有个朋友叫托尼 是厨师 Got a friend named Tony. He cooks in the kitchen. 我得跟他谈谈 I gotta talk to him. -想要点什么 -可口可乐 - What can I get you? - Co-Cola. -我能问你个事吗 -当然 - Mind if I ask you something? - Sure. 这地方怎么回事 What's with this place? 比巴比·肯尼迪还死得透 Deader than Bobby Kennedy in here. 这个 Well... 这些地方都是火一段时间就消沉了 these places are popular, and then they're not, you know? 格林威治村的同志酒吧 Well, queer bars in the Village 这些年生意一直很好 无意冒犯 have been going strong for years, no offense. 但它们很安全 Yeah, those places are safe, though. 什么意思 What do you mean? 我们被盯上了 We got targeted. 有人开始给顾客打电话 Somebody started making calls to customers, 挑那些戴着婚戒的人 picking on anybody with a wedding ring on-- 商人 穿西装的 you know, businessmen, the suit-and-tie crowd. -敲诈 -嗯 - Blackmail. - Yeah. 一旦出现这种情况 消息传开 Once that happens, word gets around. 然后就完了 Then it's over. 那你还在这干什么 So, what are you still doing here? 我还有钱拿 I'm still being paid. 那是什么 What's that? 记数 Just taking count. 多进了酒水就有麻烦 You over-order liquor, you're in trouble, 你就得周转库存 so you gotta turn the inventory. 不然就是死钱 Otherwise it's dead money. 你叫什么 What's your name? 保罗 Paul. 文森特 Vincent. 你好 文森特 Hi, Vincent. -你们找到托尼了吗 -嗯 在后面 - You guys find Tony? - Yeah, he's back there. 喝醉了 Drunk. 文斯 你来吗 Vince, you coming? 再见 保罗 See you, Paul. 你觉得怎么样 So, what do you think? 你不能起死回生 You can't raise the dead. 但也许你能把它复活成别的什么 Yeah, but maybe you can bring it back as something else. 我 不行 我已经在管理一家餐厅了 Me? No. I already manage a joint. 你把那个中国佬的破地方给盘活了 And you really turned that Chink dog palace around, 所以我才想让你来接手这里 which is why I'm offering you this. 这是你的 你应得的 It would be yours. You own it. 为什么对我这么好 Why would you do that for me? 我也会分一杯羹 Well, I'd have a small piece of it. 一周一千 Say 1,000 a week flat, 然后机器赚的钱我拿一半 and I get half the take from the machines I put in there, 但是店是你的 but the business would be yours. 但还欠着债 没人会原谅的 Yeah, there's still a debt. I mean, nobody's gonna forgive that. 欠了几个犹太人 A couple of Jews hold the notes 还有布里尔大厦的一个人 and another guy over at the Brill Building, too, 不过我会搞定的 but I'll work that out. 你对我的为人有意见吗 文森特 You got a problem with who I am, Vincent? 听着 不管你持有什么生意 Look, you own a business, any business, 你都得交房租 you gotta pay the rent, right? 把我想成普通房东 就这么简单 Think of me as just a regular landlord, that's all. 看上去像是真的在做 They look like they're really fucking. 当然了 宝贝 Of course they are, baby. 但你注意到他们会在他抽出来前剪掉片子吗 But you notice how they cut out before he split it? 因为你不能在 That's 'cause you can't 电影院里播放做爱 be showing no penetration in a movie theater, 因为警察 because the cops would 很快就会来突击搜捕 raid the shit out of this motherfucker quick. 你要想看那个 You want to see that 或者他射精的话 or his jizz when he busts his nut, 就得去那种音像店 gotta go to one of them brown paper bag stores. 你也可以的 Yeah, you could do that. 我靠 Shit. 我可以拍有故事情节的电影 I could act in a real movie with a story and everything. 我知道 宝贝 你是明星 Yeah, I know, baby. You a star. 看 洛瑞 Check it out, Lori. 好比油田一样 那些可怜的婊子 It's like an oil patch and those sorry bitches 就像是油井架做着5块 10块的工作 are the derricks doing $5 and $10 slobber jobs around the clock 就为了吸那些初来乍到 just to try to get some fresh-off-the-dog, 穿着短靴的皮条客的蛋 brogan-wearing popcorn pimp's nut. 我想要你把这存为记忆 Now, I want you to commit this shit to memory. 知道为什么吗 You know why? 因为你永远也不会再看到这样的画面 'Cause you ain't never gonna see it or them again, 只要我们在一起合作就不会 not as long as we're good together. 我对为我卖命的姑娘都很尊重 I have too much respect for how hard my girls work for me 不会把她们送去干这个 to send them this a-ways. 然而 However... 另一方面 如果出了岔子 on the other hand, should things go wrong, 比如因为某个油嘴滑舌的混蛋操控了你 like you jumping ship 'cause some Slick Willie motherfucker 让你跳槽 got inside your head? 这就像是未来的圣诞幽灵 Shit, this could be like the Ghost of Christmas Future. 这里的贱人或多或少都 Every bitch up here one way or the other 犯过这样的错 has made that kind of mistake. 我懂的 CC I get it, C.C. 小文 小文 小文 Vinnie, Vinnie, Vinnie, Vinnie. 我以为你讨厌那些养尊处优的人 Man, I thought you hated all those fucking made guys. 是 但鲁迪不一样 Yeah, Rudy's different. 他是商人 和我直截了当 He's a businessman. Came at me straight. 所以如果我要交房租 So if I'm gonna pay rent, -还不如交给他 -我还是不懂 - might as well be to him. - I still don't get it. 你喝酒免费 也赚不少钱 I mean, you drink for free, you make good money. 你的问题你都能处理 You got all the gash you can handle 完全不同担心管理 without any of the headache of owning the place. -为什么要这么做 -为什么不这么做 - So why fucking do it? - Why the fuck not? 听着 弗兰奇 Look, Frankie... 尽管你 as fucked up as you are 操蛋得无以复加 in every possible fucked-up way a man can be, 你一直很逍遥 职棒大联盟希望之星 you always been the one-- Major League prospect, -泡最靓的女人 开最炫的车 -我能说什么 - prettiest women, flashiest cars. - What can I say? 就连老妈都觉得太阳是从你屁股里升起的 Even Ma thought the sun rose out of your ass. -什么 -我们小时候吃晚餐的时候 - What? - When we was kids at dinner? 在爸爸之后 她总是先给你盛菜 After Pop, she always served you first. 本来就该如此 我是大哥 Yeah, as it should be. I'm older. -就大了23分钟 -还是比你大 - Yeah, by 23 minutes. - I'm still older. 我只是说 I'm just saying. 我很擅长干这个 I'm good at this. 我想看我能不能成为最棒的 I wanna see if I can be the best. 从零开始创业 You know, start something from the ground up. 或许是该我发光发亮了 Maybe it's my time to shine. 是吗 来照下这个 老弟 Yeah? Why don't you shine this, baby brother? 过来 All right, bring it over. 埃里克在吗 Is Eric here? 埃里克 Eric. 他在地下室 He's down in the basement. 好的 谢谢 Okay. Thank you. 他们到了 Here they are. 洛瑞塔呢 Where's Loretta? 家庭急事 Uh, family emergency. 喂 Excuse me. 你们有台本吗 我不知道台词 You guys have a script? I don't know my lines. 这不是《日瓦戈医生》 亲爱的 This isn't "Dr. Zhivago," honey. 他们连声音都不录 They ain't even recording sound. 这就是全部吗 穆尼 This all of it, Mooney? 不 储藏室里还有 No, I got more in the stockroom. 我去拿给你们 You know, let me get them for you. 你们不能翻箱倒柜 Well, you don't-- you don't gotta toss the place. -拜托 -《舔棒》 - Please? - "Licking Stick"? -是口交 对吗 -我不看的 - Blow jobs, right? - I don't watch. -《烤牡蛎》 -我这是服务大众 - "Oyster Roast." - I'm providing a service. 克里斯 过来 Chris, get over here. 这男的10英寸硬屌 This guy's stuffing 10 inches of hard cock 插某人的女儿 还是特写镜头 into somebody's daughter in close-up. 肯定是有人把错误版本 Somebody must've put the wrong version 放进放映机了 of that one in the projector. 那这个里面的估计也是放错的了 I guess somebody put the wrong one in this one, too. 你没有调整循环 老穆 You didn't trim the loops, Moon. 我很失望 Very disappointed in you. 你们干嘛来烦我 Why you guys busting my balls? 该死 《美国性爱》现在就在 I mean, for Christ's sakes, "Sex USA" is playing 里亚托影院放映 at the Rialto right now out in the open. 去把他们关了啊 You know, go shut them down. 那是纪录片 That's a documentary. -而你这的 -什么 - This here... - What? 有问题 It ain't right. 把剩下的都没收了 Confiscate the rest of this stock, come on. 你听到他说的了 赶紧的 胖子 You heard him. Let's go, fat man. 这是水上运动吗 他妈的是什么 Is this water sports? What the fuck is it? 有点太亮了 That's a little bright. 翻一面 另一面 Turn it around. The other side. 好了 Yeah, yeah. Okay. 《清晨的大丹犬》 "Great Dane in the Morning." 开拍 And, action. 开拍 Action. 开始了 Go, go, yeah. 很不错 Nice. 维京人上场 And Vikings. 维京人到了 The Vikings are here! 特雷西 你现在很害怕 欲火中烧 Tracey, you're scared and turned on. 小心 Be careful. 你 表演入门课程 别看镜头 懂吗 Hey, you, Acting 101, don't look at the camera, okay? -我知道 -暂停幻想 - I know. - Suspends the illusion. -抱歉 -继续 - Sorry. - Okay, keep going. 我们在拍电影 We're burning film. 好的 Okay. 停下 小心我头发 Stop! Watch my hair. 抱歉 Oh, I'm sorry. 不 手肘 No. Elbow. 有什么需要帮助的吗 Can I help you with something? 我能看本书吗 Can I check out a book? 你有卡吗 Do you have a card? 你得填表 You need to fill out a form. 你有具体想找的书吗 Are you looking for anything specific? 嗯 Yeah. 别眯眼看 你要表现出喜欢维京人精液 Don't squint. You're supposed to love Viking cum. 维京人精液是不错 但冷的土豆汁很恶心 Viking cum's okay. Cold potato soup sucks. 要不是闪电一号和二号提前射了 If Speedy One and Two here hadn't blown their loads, 你脸上喷的就是真精液了 you'd be splooged with the real thing. 别说话 特雷西 And don't talk, Tracey. 抱歉 忘了 Sorry, forgot. 你的钱 Here's your money. 谢谢 Yeah. Thanks. 没事 Sure. 这个为什么一面是银色一面是白色 Why is one side silver and one side white? 银色能让你更亮 白色能减弱光线 Aluminum gives you more light, white gives you a softer glow. 这个是什么 And what's this one? 基本灯光 这是你主要的光线来源 The key light? That's your main light source. 那个是什么 Yeah, and what's that? 补充光 遮住你的影子 The fill light. Hides your shadows. 娜奥米 Hey, Naomi! 这个影片会有多长 So, how long is this movie gonna be? -九小时 -八分钟 - Nine hours? - Try eight minutes. -什么 我们拍了一整天 -才刚开始而已 - What? We've been here all day. - We're just getting started. 还有很多新人加入 We got a bunch of fresh meat coming in. -随时可能到 -娜奥米 - Be here any minute. - Eric: Naomi! 打扰下 警官 Excuse me, Officer. 打扰下 警官 Excuse me, Officer. Officer. -退后 -好的 - Step off. - No, right. 但那是我妻子 Right, but that's my wife you got there, 肯定有什么误会 so there must be some kind of mistake. 你妻子是妓女 Your wife's a fucking whore. 这对整个家庭是个打击 Yeah, that's a heartbreak to the whole family, 但我现在就交保释金 but I'll post her bail right here, right now. 要不我把你也抓了怎么样 How about I take you in, too? 无意冒犯 No offense. 误会而已 Just a misunderstanding. 我能问问是那个辖区的吗 我好走正规渠道保释 Can I ask what precinct so I can post in a rightful manner? -15 -15 好的 - 1-5. - The 1-5, right. 还有个事 Yeah, and there's just one more thing. 黑鬼 Nigger-- 你为什么要这么做 Why would you do that? 因为条子不会不准备后备车 'Cause the pigs do not set a sting like that 就展开诱捕行动 without a backup cage car waiting to cart your ass off, 但我一辆都没看到 and I ain't seen any. 而且根本没有15分局 And 'cause there ain't no 1-5 Precinct. -拜托 -因为我这辈子都没见过 - Please. - 'Cause I ain't never seen a cop 穿顶级Stacy Adams衣服的警察 wearing top-dollar Stacy Adams like his in my life. -他们没那么有钱 他的徽章呢 -拜托 - They're too fucking cheap. Where's his badge? - Please. 求你了 CC 把他弄下去 拜托 Please, C.C., get him off of me, please. 看到没 这就是个廉价的破徽章 See? This some box top Deputy Dawg bullshit. -拜托 -这个 - Please... - Yeah, this? 这才是他本人 This the real McCoy. 我该教你这个的 怪我 Yeah, yeah. I should've schooled you on that, and that's on me. 看看这里有什么 Let's see what we got here, huh? 看 Right there. 记住我说了什么吗 Remember what I said? 我们没在杜鲁斯了 多萝西 We ain't in Duluth no more, Dorothy. CC 拜托 把他弄下去 C.C., please, get this man off of me. 今晚你经历了破事 毋庸置疑 Now, you been through some shit here this evening, no doubt. 但对你来说 应该怎么做最好 But the best thing for you right now? 就跟从自行车上摔下来一样 你得重新爬上去 Just like falling off a bike, you gotta get right back on. 你还记得他把手铐钥匙放哪了吗 You happen to remember where he put the cuff keys? 谢谢 宝贝 给你 Thanks a lot, sweetheart. For you. 谢谢 Thank you, baby. 这有人坐吗 This seat taken? 你随便坐 Go ahead. 我再请你喝一杯吧 Let me buy you another drink. 不用了 谢谢 Oh, no, thanks. I'm good. 你是进来坐的吗 You come in here to take a load off your feet? 我懂的 我上班时间也很长 Hey, I can dig it. I work long hours, too. 听着 Look... 我该走了 I better get going. 怎么了 What's going on here? 我们在聊天 We're talking. 我倾听他人的故事然后用笔写下来 I listen to people's stories and put them down on paper. 算是人类学家吧 Sort of like an anthropologist. 你听说过口述史 You've heard of oral histories. 拉里 我们只是在聊天 Larry, we was just having a conversation. -我正要走 -好 好 - I was just about to leave. - Larry: Okay, okay. 聊天可赚不了钱 Well, conversations don't pay my bills. 快走 Come on. 从事人类学 Practicing anthropology... 放开 Let go. 我怎么跟你说的 别和那些赊账的人做 What'd I tell you about fucking with them jaspers? 他们不花钱 They don't spend. 出去给我好好揽活 I want you to go out there and you work it. -懂吗 -好的 拉里 - Okay? - Yes, Larry. 我晚点来看你 I'm gonna be by later to see you. 我不知道你想干什么 I don't know what your game is, 但离我姑娘们远点 but you stay away from my girls. 明白吗 You heard me? 今晚干什么呢 要约会吗 So, what are you doing tonight? Are you dating? -想要3P吗 -露比 - Hey, you want a threesome? - Hey, Ruby. 宝贝 Hi, baby. 新案子 On to fresher hell. 昨晚的刺伤杀人案 On last night's stabbing homicide-- 在莱昂纳尔酒店旁的车里被发现 手被铐住 found handcuffed in his car by the Lionel Hotel, 受害者 鲁尔夫·海曼 the vic, Rolfe Hermann, 也许在我们辖区内是个 might have been a master of moral degeneracy 道德沦丧之人 但在长岛大颈 in our humble precinct, but out in Great Neck, 他是位受人爱戴的生物老师 he was a beloved biology teacher. 如果你听到什么消息 So, you hear anything out there... 屁股里被塞了阳具 It was Colonel Mustard in the pantry with a dildo. 下一个 昨晚在浮雕宝石  Moving right along, strangulation homicide 发生勒死案 罪犯在逃 last night in The Cameo. Perp still at large. 三起袭击事件 一个在百灵鸟 Three agg assaults. One in The Lark. -罪犯在逃 -有任何描述吗 - Perp still at large. - Any descriptions? 还有个在格兰特酒吧 Another one inside Grant's Bar. 罪犯在逃 Perp still at large. 两起强奸案 Two rapes. 其中一个受害者是妓女 谁知道真相是什么 One complainant known pros, so who's to say? 商业抢劫 我操 Commercial robberies. Holy shit. 各位 多注意点杂货店 好吗 Fellas, watch the bodegas, all right? 持枪抢劫 东30街 门牌号100-199之间 Gunpoint commercials on the 100 block of East 3-0, 西35街 300-399之间 the 300 block of the West 3-5, 西43街 200-299之间 and the 200 block of the West 4-3. 真他妈混蛋 谁他妈在乎 That was a cheap prick, so who gives a flying fuck, right? 盗窃案估计要说好一会儿 所以 Burgs are gonna take a while, so... 去喝杯咖啡 休息下 grab a cup of coffee and put your feet up, okay? 最近的巡演变态 Our late tour creeper... 做一天和尚 撞一天钟 Another day, another dollar. 200-299之间 ...the 200 block... 好了 姑娘们 拿出来 All right, ladies, show and prove. 拜托 弗拉纳根 我没在工作 Come on, Flanagan. I ain't working. 我只是去买饮料 I'm just going for an Orange Julius. 拿出来 Show and prove. 上车 小艾 Get in the van, Ash. 妓女上车 妓女下车 The hoes go in, the hoes go out. 这混蛋 Now this motherfucker. 就像在刮风天里扫树叶 Like sweeping leaves on a windy day. 对吗 警察同志 Ain't that right, Officers? 扯淡 Solid bullshit. 今晚所有人都进去 Everybody goes tonight. -搞错没有 -什么 - Come on. - What? 走 Let's go. 混蛋 Asshole. 真卑鄙 奥斯顿 That's some bullshit, Alston. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 