The Chosen One: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Chosen One 
 s1e4 - Ame Teus Inimigos - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Chosen One (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Ame Teus Inimigos - full transcript 
 Curiosity lands Damião and Enzo in Aguazul's bizarre blue water as Lúcia enters the Chosen One's inner circle and attempts to control the message. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [animals growling, screeching, hissing] Lorenzo? [sighs] Take it easy. You're still weak. Right. I'm still recovering my strength. But at least, within me, I've never felt better. Weird, right? That man... What did he do? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I can't explain it. [Damião] So, what? We just accept it and call it a miracle? Do you believe in God? Actually, I'm agnostic. What does that really mean? That I neither deny nor believe in the existence of God. Right. But some agnostics believe that the question of whether God exists or not can be answered, it's just not known yet. Others simply think the answer is unimportant. What kind of agnostic are you? The kind that thinks it will always be impossible to be sure if God exists. Well, then no. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It wasn't a miracle. What's going on here? - What are you doing to her? - Nothing she hasn't approved. And you should be more grateful. How so? Thanks to people like her, who renew the blood of The Chosen One, he's able to cure people like you. Is his blood contaminated after the ritual? - Yes. - And you never studied this? For what? [Damião] Really? Lorenzo, you're an embarrassment to the Hippocratic oath. He pierced you here. Now there's not even a scratch. Lorenzo... Do you know why he trusts me? Because I don't treat him like a case study. I treat him like a phenomenon. That's why I passed his tests. Tests? - What tests? - Confidence tests. That's how he determines if you're worthy or not to know him. No. Don't move. What if I said that I was going to cut your throat now? And you must trust that The Chosen One will save you again? Would you let me? Even better, if I ask you to slit your own throat, believing that you'll be saved, just like Mateus did, would you do it? No. You should be more grateful. I thought that by going through the process, by being saved, that you would have a more open mind. That I was going to be able to show you some things. But if you're not entirely convinced that all of this is real, get out of here! [animal growling] [Enzo] No! [crowd chanting] To the water! To the water! To the water! [Enzo] No! No! No! [crowd] To the water! To the water! To the water! [Enzo] No! No. No! [shouting] Get me out of here. Get me out of here. Accept me, scientist. Please, don't do this to me. Why? - I didn't do anything wrong. - That's not the answer. Why shouldn't I do this to you, doctor? Because I don't want to die. I don't want to die! [Chosen One] They don't attack me, doctor. To really live, you have to die and be reborn first. Get him out of there. Slowly. Are you deaf, man? Slowly. Can the doctor use guns now? [gun cocks] You have no idea where I'm from. You can come. It doesn't matter where you came from. What matters is where you're going. Lúcia, I don't mean to be rude, but I have to leave for a moment. Okay? Don't worry, Mateus. Mrs. Cleuza? Why did you take us to the campsite? Because you had nothing left to lose. They almost killed us there. And you knew that would happen. Are you dead? Is your friend cured? Then you got what you were looking for. What kind of doctor are you? - Why? - Just curious. If you think your friend is really cured, I'd never let you lay a hand on me. [panting] I owe you one, bro. Do you want to kill me? Do you really want to? Chosen One, they don't respect you. Let me... Let's get out of here. You should be dead. You, who lives on the mercy of my grace, want to kill me? What kind of rescue is this? They'll kill us. You are not you any longer. And never will be again. Leave it, Enzo. Trust me. Accept it. Do you wish to analyze the blue relic? Very well, gentlemen. The Lord always rewards those who pass his tests. Was this a test? Yes. It was. If the doctors want the sacred relic, give them the sacred relic. This way. But first, let's leave the teenagers at the camp. [Mateus] I can't believe it. Cleuza got to you again? Look, don't listen to her. She likes to make an impression on people. She doesn't believe your Chosen One. No. Not really. Due to her age, she's not right in the head, you know? No one can get near the campsite, yet that lady knows how to get there. - Yes, but... - And everyone treats her as if she were crazy, but they also respect her. What am I missing here? Cleuza has suffered a lot. She's had a tough life. The Chosen One respects her pain and her journey. That's why I asked the village to leave her alone, - even when she doesn't deserve it. - Listen, Mateus. If you keep lying to me, I'm not going to any ceremony. So, just tell me, why do you let her do whatever she wants without any kind of punishment? She helped give birth to The Chosen One. Without her, he wouldn't be here. Look, The Chosen One! The Chosen One! [Mateus] You'll enter beside him. He had this made just for you. [bell rings] You look breathtaking. Doctor, I hope you enjoy this beautiful evening. Tonight is our Night of Death. Angelina? What are you doing? That's our guest's place. No, no. Please, no. Stay where you are. Don't worry. Mateus, can you move over one spot? I'll sit between you two. Zulmira, you can sit with your mother tonight. Here. I can't believe you didn't shoot him. And then what? What would we do with the others? [sighs] You knew that was a test, right? But how? Lorenzo. Ah. A drunkard. You're listening to him now? I'm working out how things operate here, Enzo. That's what I'm doing. And for that, you have a mentor now. Cool. Can't wait to read your paper on it. Get up. [Enzo] What do you want? Don't you want to know the origin of the relic? Get moving before I lose my patience and feed you to the alligators. [bell rings] [drums playing] [crowd applauding] Over there. And where does it come from? There. Is there a well inside the river? [Enzo] Maybe it's a natural spring? Maybe some kind of underwater current? Maybe it springs from a crack in the middle of this well. Weird. Enzo, no. Best ask permission first. I passed The Chosen One's test, didn't I? So, it means I can touch the water. - Right? - At your own risk. [inaudible dialogue] [bell ringing] Look. My mother-in-law. Your flesh is tired, but your spirit is ready. I can feel it in my heart, my brothers and sisters. You came here to surrender to me, and I embrace your resignation with joy. [bell ringing] Now, Aguazul believers, start your happy journey to death. Happy journey to death? [chuckles] I've experienced everything I could have in my life. But, as you know, my wife died. And now I don't have anyone to keep me warm at night. [crowd chuckling] My children... grew up and now they can't stand me. I can't stand them either. - [crowd laughing] - I want to join the eternal father. The sooner, the better. So be it. [breathing heavily] You had to spoil it, didn't you? What are you talking about? These people are crazy. I only wanted... Ah, yes, of course. It's always what Enzo wants. We've survived alligators and a virus, but you couldn't keep quiet. You had to rob them and poke the bear. Listen, Damião, these people discovered a way to cure the current Zika mutation. Or other mutations. Something we suspected was your case. Don't you see how big that is? I do, Enzo. I do. But unlike you, I don't want to act on impulse. I don't want to steal the cure from them, I want them to share it with us. - Do you understand? - Quiet. I know I'm impulsive, Damião. But this is really important to me. If we study this water, it can change everything. It's not the water. How can you say that? I don't know. I don't know how. I just know it. I'm beginning to understand that here, we just have to accept certain things. If this guy has something different, it's not the water. It's him. [Evaristo] Chosen One, I renounce your blessing with much sorrow. But also with relief. Thank you for the great life I've had. Thank you, Evaristo. It will be hard for us to beat your sangria. [all laughing] So, in this ceremony, people are really asking to die? [Mateus] Exactly. In Aguazul, you can't die of natural causes without my brother's mercy. And what happens next? Then they get sick and die. - Like everybody else. - So strange. And you're just going to watch your mother-in-law ask to die? - She has the right to choose, no? - I don't know. That's called euthanasia where I come from. That's when you're dealing with sick people. Maybe it's the wine, but I see several of those. Holy Chosen One, I've thought a lot about this moment. I'm scared. My mind becomes confused when I think of the darkness, and I get anxious. May God forgive me for this. This decision takes a lot of courage, Laura. Don't be ashamed of that. Death is a gift, given to us by the Lord. To think, one day, I shall die, too. [crowd] No. No way. One day, I shall also leave, brothers and sisters. Like all of my father's creatures. But not today. My mission is not yet complete. Can you feel it, Lúcia? Getting stronger? Growing in confidence? Feel what? My message. No, Juca. The Chosen One wasn't born from the alligator. It's a representation of his mother. That's why the alligator, with its teeth, destroys anyone who tries to harm our healer. And what other animal protects The Chosen One? [all] The jaguar! [man] That's right. This was The Chosen One's first time healing. He saw an injured jaguar and couldn't stand the pain. When he kissed the wounds, he realized the wounds would heal. And to this day, the jaguar blesses and protects The Chosen One against the serpent, and against any other sin that comes to our village. - Do you know what I find really strange? - What? I'm from these parts, but I've never heard anything about it. [chuckles] But that was our goal. [both chuckling] Uh... How long have you been married? [sighs] Seems like forever. Is that weird? She just seems different than you. - Older, you mean? - No. That's not it. No? In terms of her personality, she seems very independent. And that doesn't suit me? No, 'cause you're the type of guy who likes to give orders. And Zulmira looks like the type of woman who doesn't like to obey them. [laughing] And all during this time, you didn't have any children? The Lord blessed me with a choice but not with a legacy. A choice? Yes. The Chosen One... chose Zulmira for me. I couldn't say no. How come? Here's the thing... What name have you chosen for your daughter? - Paloma. - Paloma. And what do you ask of God for your child? - The baptism. - The baptism. Therefore, I welcome this new life to our community, with enormous joy. This cross I now make on Paloma, it's not a sign of death nor suffering... but of salvation... that protects us all against the evil represented by original sin. I baptize thee, in the name of the father, the son and the Holy Spirit. [crowd applauding] Can I have your attention, please? I'd like to take this opportunity of family happiness to announce that I've had another dream. A dream that will increase this family here today. Zulmira, my dear, come here. [Zulmira] Chosen One, did you really have a dream about me? Yes, Zulmira. And according to the messages I've received from my father, it seems that you will no longer be the spinster of this family. [crowd laughing] Zulmira has always been an example of strength and decency. And I was not surprised by the revelation of your future husband. Zulmira was blessed because she will be a part of my family. Zulmira, my brother's promised to you. Mateus. And I have no doubts that with your experience, she will be the right person to help Mateus lead Aguazul. And to keep his soul pure in God's eyes. [crowd applauding] And that was that? Mm-hm. That just sounds... Well, I'm sorry. - It's none of my business. - You can tell me what you think. It sounds... medieval. Someone choosing a wife for you, especially based on a dream. That's why you can't explain faith. An argument that would make a medieval priest proud. [both laughing] Zulmira may not be the prettiest woman in Aguazul, and she's almost 20 years older than me, but The Chosen One knew she'd be the right woman to help me keep this village pure. So, you don't love her? - It's just that agreement... - It doesn't matter what I feel. That's my mission here. - Your mission? - Yes, for example, my brother Santiago's mission is much harder. He can't get married or live outside of the campsite. Sounds more like punishment. No, it's not. It's just responsibility. In his case, he has to protect the camp and our brother the whole time. At least here I have the community. I don't think there are a lot of women here willing to marry Santiago anyway. Gossip is also medieval, did you know that? - It's not gossip. - It's not? It's a fact. A scientific fact. [both laughing] [Enzo] Ouch. There's something under my pants. Ouch. [grunting] [yells] Relax, that won't kill you. Are you kidding me? - How come these things don't bug you? - How the fuck should I know? I don't know. Aren't you the theory guy? Huh? So, tell me, what's your theory on why they threw us in here? I'm not sure yet. But it may be another one of their tests or traditions to purify us, or something like that. At first, I thought you were only being generous, playing their games. But I'm starting to get worried. Are you switching sides? - There are no sides here. - Of course, there are. This is our side. And on the other side, there are fanatics who love alligators. [grunting] And your passive reaction... leaves me more concerned with Lúcia. Why? If they already screwed with your head, imagine what they're doing to hers. What do you mean? I'm still the same person. Are you sure? The Chosen One dreams of our destinies. Except for Vicente. My brother never dreams of him. So, Vicente tries to help as much as possible. Isn't he faithful enough? - [Mateus] No. - [laughs] No, on the contrary, he's one of the most dedicated. We just don't know the reason. [man] And this is the serpent. [kids shouting] Sinhozinho was mute and was also supposed to have The Chosen One's healing gift. But envy made him turn against our savior when he cured the first person outside of our village. [kids shouting] So, the Sinhozinho lost the battle. He was buried in a big hole in the middle of the jungle, where a cross sealed its grave. But can he escape? He could. But who stops him from coming back? [all] The Chosen One! But, Mateus, what would happen if your secret ever got out? Well, Aguazul would be invaded by sick people from all over the world. The balance would be lost, and my brother would never recover from the strain. You're saying he'd be condemned to death? Yes. Just like it happened when he helped your friend, Damião. I'm sorry, but I still can't buy into all of this. What exactly makes people like you different from people like me? Heh. Pay attention. You are the children of Adam and Eve. You were tricked by the serpent. We weren't. We are the direct descendants of God, and he sent us living proof of that. And that's why you, daughter of Eve, are the most important person here tonight. After defeating the serpent, The Chosen One understood that he was destined to heal only his people. But not before wearing himself out. Today, he sacrifices himself every time he heals us. And in return, Aguazul dedicates itself to his word. [Lúcia laughing] Mateus, I think I've had too much of the sangria made by that man who wants to die. - And listen. - What's all this? - This is for... - Take it easy. It's for scaring me. You have no idea what it was like watching you slit your own throat. - Really? - You have no idea. I could barely sleep because I was thinking of you. I know. No, you don't. Yes. I do. I shouldn't do this. You shouldn't or you don't want to? You know what I mean. How could I not want to? If we both want to, why shouldn't you? But, Vicente, will the village be protected forever? [Vincente] For as long as faith is stronger than heresy, while the sacred word is followed. In other words, for as long as we are free from original sin, our village will be protected. So, children, don't ever break the rules of this village. Because if you do, The Chosen One will cry tears of blood, and Aguazul will be damned, like paradise once was. - What? - [Chosen One] Don't cover yourself. My father wants us pure today. What do you want? You tell me. What do you mean? Are you thinking that I...? As I was saying, you tell me. Can you feel it, Lúcia? Where, Lúcia? Where should my tears go? I don't know. - I don't know what you mean. - That you are my messenger. So, I ask you again. Lúcia, where should my tears go? I really don't understand. Maybe Mateus should... Mateus betrayed my trust... and acted behind God's back. I'll deal with him later. But forget Mateus for now... and tell me what you feel. I... I need to show you something. - I need to go back to the village... - [shouting] No, no, no! You're thinking. You're not letting your spirit speak for you. I really don't know what you want me to say. The only thing I know is that I need to get out of here. Yes. I think it's you who needs to see something. [dramatic music playing] I can't take this anymore. I know. Hang in there a little longer. - It should end soon. - Damião? [Damião] Lúcia? Are you...? What are you doing to them? Giving them an opportunity to understand their roles. Just like you. [shouts] [water splashes] Don't think about the water itself. Think about its meaning. You should be miles from here, saving us. You have no idea what I went through last night. Oh, really? Look at us and the night we had. Both of you sure have a lot to learn about rescuing people. What's going on? That guy is crazy. He's completely obsessed with me. - He even took my clothes off. - What? - Did he touch you? - No. No, no. He just asked me creepy questions... and stared at me. He said God sent me to be his messenger. - Messenger? - [Lúcia] Yes, he wants me to... He wants me to guide him in something, - but I have no idea what it is. - [Enzo] Calm down. Listen, you need to be strong now, okay? Say anything to calm this wacko down. - But I don't know... - Listen to me. You're a woman who took on an entire camp of lunatics to save Damião, who didn't even deserve it. What I'm trying to say is, there is no man alive who can intimidate you. No hospital director, no drunken doctor and not some fucking Chosen One. [Damião] Lúcia, listen. You need to read between the lines. I know it sounds crazy right now, but his every thought follows a certain logic. You just need to understand that logic. And run with it. [Enzo] So, get back up there... and wrap that guy around your little finger. Chosen One! I have a message for you. The alligator is huge, but has a very small brain because it's a creature made of spirit. Eating its meat connects you to God inside of you. There's something in you that's pure spirit. Come on. Just try it. Don't think. Where should my tears go, Lúcia? I saw your power through your cures. Yes. If you think I was chosen to be your messenger, then maybe I'm the one who has to tell you this. Yes. Let's find out. Where should my tears go? To the world. That was the message I've received. Your mercy should be for all, not only for the few. My father told you this? Who else could have? Imagine... Imagine the glory. Imagine the worship. Imagine all the love you would give and receive. Don't you want to be immortal? So, this is how you defeat death. Never being forgotten. No. It's not possible. God specified that only my village would be forgiven from original sin. A sin that was returned when Mateus broke your trust. Yes. You were seduced by Eden's apple once again. Which makes me wonder if I should really listen to you. Have you stopped to think that maybe... what happened between Mateus and I... happened because of you? If we hadn't broken the original sin here, wouldn't you have left Aguazul eventually? Isn't it funny? The same serpent that represents sin also represents medicine. Yes. Maybe just more proof that Mateus and I were only the divine instruments to show you, to make you understand where your tears should go. Hmm. And if that were true... let's say... that's my mission. Now... where should I go, messenger? That's something we can find out together. Let me present you to the world. If that's my path, you're coming, too. But not just yet. But why not? What could be more important than winning over the world now? My life, Lúcia. [grunting] Brother. Brother! [coughing] Shit. What's happening to you? Fever, chills, muscle pain. Fuck. Hey, buddy. Buddy. Look, here. This guy's sick. I have to examine him properly. Get us out of here. Enzo, Enzo, Enzo! Fucking hell. Enzo, wake up! Hey, douchebag! Help us, damn it! Enzo. Enzo. Enzo, wake up. Are you stupid? You're not serving The Chosen One like that! And when he comes back, you're screwed. Do you think he saved me because he wanted us dead? Get us out of here! Enzo. Enzo. Get me out of here, brother. You know I can't do that. Santiago, it's happening again. The Chosen One's obsessed with the doctor. He's obsessed? We all know about your sin. I was drunk. Please, brother. You need to understand. I don't. I don't have to understand anything. I only follow one word. The word. You disappointed The Chosen One. Not just before your wife but before all of Aguazul. My wife... What? Are you unhappy by her side? Are you unsatisfied with the life The Chosen One gave you? With the family you built? In the village that loves and respects you? The Chosen One gave me a life much harder than yours. But even so, I don't doubt his word. [Mateus] He healed the natives, Santiago. He healed the outsider doctor. That couldn't have happened. It couldn't have. He healed the natives to save you. Don't forget that. And from now on, whatever happens, if evil prevails, it will be your fault. Back off. Let me check him out. Have you lost your mind? Were you pretending the entire time? Someone had to do something to get us out of there. Don't you get it? They were going to let us out of there! That was just another way for them to show power, you idiot! Now what? Look at this shit. What are we going to do? It was self-defense. He tried to fuck with me before. - He was gonna kill us! - Was he? Because as of now, to that entire campsite, we attacked him! What are you doing, woman? The Chosen One needs me. He said he needs his life. He's not talking about you. Shh. Subtitle translation by Gabriela Haas-Cronk 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 