Room 104: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Room 104 
 s1e10 - Red Tent - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Room 104 (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - Red Tent - full transcript 
 Two young men plotting to disrupt a political convention are interrupted by nerves, and an AC repairman. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 It's dusty. Just hot air. What? You okay? Yeah. What time is it? 9:40. Are you thirsty? We shouldn't have stopped. It's my fault. I'm sorry. Like I said, I just always thought I'd go there someday, so it seemed like maybe a... It's okay. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We have time. You have the phone ready? My dad and I used to go to games at Lambeau when I was little. You know, the Packers are the only community-owned team in the NFL. Well, the owner of the Padres tried to donate the team to the city of San Diego in 1984, but the league wouldn't allow it. The system prevented it. You have the phone ready? Yeah, I gave it 60 seconds before it goes, you know, after the call arms it. Hey, um, mind if I come in? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Come in? - Yeah. Yeah, no, I'm working. Maybe take a break just for a minute. We don't have a minute. - You said we have time. - Not if we take a break. - I'm coming in. - No! - Oh, Jesus, be careful! - Look, it'll relax me, okay? Just... Get out. Do you know how delicate this is? Of course. You wanna get us both killed? Look, I'll be careful. It's even hotter in here. Sorry I couldn't get the AC going. So what do we do with the tent? I mean, when we're done. - Burn it? - Why would we burn it? DNA. Evidence. That's why we're in here, right? - A tent can be washed. - Right. What if they check the bag, you know, before we get to the sot? - Stick to the story. - Right. - Short and simple. - Right. - Two sentences, remember? - Yes. You'll be fine. What's your name? Sorry. I just... I mean, at this point, what does it matter? Tell me about the Packers. First game you went to. Oh, you don't have to Jedi mind trick me. I'm fine. I was eight. And I didn't realize it then, but historically, it was a really significant game. Have you ever heard of the Lambeau Leap? R-Reggie White recovered a fumble from the Raiders and he lateraled it to LeRoy Butler who took it in 25 yards for the touchdown. And to celebrate, he jumped into the first row of stands and a bunch of the fans, I mean, old men, grown men, they just hugged him and patted him on the back. The Lambeau Leap. Probably the first time any of them had ever touched a black man... my dad included. What if he doesn't win? I'm gonna throw up. Drink some water. I'm almost done. You okay? Mind if I turn on the TV? If it makes you feel better, go ahead. Our correspondent is live at the convention center... Really? There's a big crowd... You can't do better than this? You getting dressed? You might wanna shower first. It's like a swamp in here. Gonna be a wild one down there tonight as Smith works the delegates... Supporters believe tonight is the chance to talk to his base, but the truth is tonight should be all about convincing people that he can do the job and be presidential. Can people picture him in the White House? That's the question. Will his message resonate with undecided voters? The spotlight will be on him tonight for about an hour to see if, you know, he can accomplish just that. There's some good points here, Michael. Definitely a big finale to a long week. I think it's important to know that each convention has its own story to tell, from the opening gavel to the final balloon drop. - Fuck! - They're trying to create the narrative of conventions as people. What's happening here is that people are proving to be unpredictable in the polling. Is one of the most critical speeches of his life. One delegate told me a considerable portion of the electorate simply did not see him as presidential. His challenge is to reveal himself as someone who can lead a nation. He cannot be all things to all people, but his task will be to convince millions that he's up for the job. There's been some concern that if someone wanted to make a statement or do something, that today might be that day, so we are seeing a lot of police presence. It's definitely in his best interest to. - I agree, but... - Holy shit! Oh, my God. - I'm so sorry. - What the hell?! The maid let me in. He's the only one who can fix it. We knocked, but this TV is so... He's had a lot of things on his... Could you just come back later? Um, I didn't mean to alarm you. I'll be done in a minute here. It's my last one, and then I can get out of your hair. Go home. I'm sorry we couldn't come sooner, but we're a man short today. I'm actually on my way out. Could you give me 10 minutes to pack up my stuff? Uh, 10 minutes? I'll be done in five. I'm running late. - Well, don't let me stop you. Do what you gotta do. Isn't it a little late for this? Yeah, it is. Sorry about that. It's been a crazy day. Traffic in the city is a mess with this convention in town. I had to drive through the thick of it three times already. Innerbelt's down to one lane and you can forget about Prospect. I finally think I got a hold on all these road closures and, pfft, come out here and hit another massive jam. Bunch of rowdy kids protesting, getting into the street, messing up traffic. Look, if I'm being honest with you, I'm at the tail end of a 12-hour day, I would just love to get home and see the rest of that speech with my wife. Please hurry. I do appreciate it. Anyway, don't know how you could take this heat a minute longer. - You in town for the convention? - Hmm? I saw your, uh, thingy over there. Oh, uh, yeah. Yeah, I'm, uh, in town for the convention, yes. Well, I guess you are running late. I'll have this done in a minute, I promise. I kind of have a rule not to discuss politics with the customers, but I figured you got it on the TV, so. Yeah, elephant in the room, so to speak. Yeah, he's some kind of elephant, that's for sure. Tough to ignore. Is that what you mean? - Yeah. - Yeah? Well... He really gets the juices flowing, you know? Uh-huh. You're not a delegate, are you? I mean, if you were, you'd be in that arena right now, right? I'm just going to the after party. Oh, very nice. - Some kind of big shot? - No. I hear ya. Friend of a friend of a big shot, am I right? Yeah, like I said, I usually don't talk politics with customers, but it's all anybody wants to talk about in this town these days. Politics and sports. I mean, can't we just vote for LeBron James? I'm not gay, but, boy, I'd have to give it some serious consideration if LeBron asked me to marry him. I might have to rethink my whole position on that gay marriage thing. I'm just kidding, of course. That's funny. Hot as the devil in here. Yeah. Where's your little one? Little one? When my boys were young, they used to build forts in the living room, usually with blankets and sheets. Can't say they ever used an actual tent, though. Yeah, no, um, ever since we took him camping, he's been obsessed with it. You know, living room, backyard, roof. I'm so accustomed to seeing it around, I barely even notice it anymore. - How old is he? - Seven. Really? You seem so young. Started early, I guess. Yeah, well, mine are 18 and 22. - Wow. - Yeah, crazy, little bastards. Of course, they're not so little anymore, so I guess they're just crazy bastards now. Curtis, my older one, he goes to college. He's a women's studies major, God help us. The younger one, he's still in high school. He's a basketball player, all-state. Well, truth be told, they're both great kids. You know, really gets you thinking when they leave the house, I'll tell you that. Just don't know how they're gonna turn out. Just do your best and let 'em go, cross your fingers. Where'd you say your boy was? At home with my wife. Right, um, I know it looks weird, but I like to bring it with me when I travel. It makes me miss him less. That's... That's sweet. - How's it going? - A few more minutes and... I'll be out of your way. Great. You want some? I better not. Thanks, though. You think he can win? He's made it this far. Yeah. I just wonder if this country's ready for someone so real. Mm-hmm. But come November, he's got my vote. Good to hear. Immigration, NAFTA, the whole mess in the Middle East. Oh, your guy really tells it like it is. My guy? I'll tell you what, though. Whoever wins, there's gonna be an army of pissed off people roaming in the streets. Fucking Christ! Careful, would ya?! I'm sorry. No, um, I just... I overreacted. I'm sorry. Ah, it's... it's okay. I'd be on edge, too. It's a big night for you. I'll just finish up here and then I'll... I'll be on my way. That offer still stand? Ah, I hate to be that guy, but I'm kind of a germ freak. Think you could get me a cup? Sure. Ah, here you go! Here you go. Phew. It's been a long day. Oh, nice. That is very nice. Thank you. - Small batch bourbon. - Hmm? A friend of mine distills it in Kentucky and sells it to hipsters in Brooklyn for $100 a bottle. A hundred bucks? Wow, everybody's got an angle, I guess. Don't they? Excuse me. Everything okay in there? Yeah, just, uh, give me a second. - An LG burner, am I right? - Yep. Yeah, I spent a few years in phone repair. Want me to have a look? No. You sure? There you go. Everything okay? If you had a time machine... and you could go back in time and prevent Hitler from becoming Hitler... you have to do it, right? A time machine? Yeah, like "Back to the Future." A DeLorean. 88.8 miles per hour, you can go back in time, specifically, you go back to Germany circa 1930, you're in the same city as Hitler, same room, you have a gun. Do you do it? Yeah. - I guess I would. - You would? Yeah. I mean, murder is murder. It'd still be a sin, I suppose, but that one would seem justifiable. I'd like to think I'd have the guts to do it. Right. Get pretty sticky, though, if that time machine broke down. I mean, after you killed Hitler. It'd be a tough one to explain to the folks in the moment. "Believe me, people, he was gonna do some bad things." I think it'd be worth the sacrifice, knowing you prevented the Holocaust. I could sleep at night. But who's to say another Hitler wouldn't be waiting in the wings? You know, a different Holocaust? I mean, one person alone didn't kill two million Jews. - Six million. - Okay, more to my point. So we somehow associate this one man with all these millions of deaths... Murders. - ...but he wasn't the one pulling the triggers. Right? He wasn't the one dropping the bombs. Eh, I don't know. I'm rethinking this now. Maybe I wouldn't. - You wouldn't? - No. So you're saying you wouldn't take out the person who devised and implemented the destruction of 11 million human lives? You said six million. Six million Jews, five million others. Well, if I knew that it would prevent those deaths, then, yeah, sure, but what I'm saying is what if it didn't? And anyway, it's easy to say, "If I could've met Hitler, I would've..." blah, blah, blah, but nobody ever did. So that means a whole lot of people must've agreed with him. You think so? Maybe they hated the Jews, too. - Enough to kill six million of them? - Enough to go along with it. I don't know, could be they were living in hateful times. Right. Like I said, it's easy to look back and say you would've been better. - That we'd resist. - Yeah. - That we'd do something. - Sure. Thing is, we don't have a time machine, do we? You didn't see my DeLorean parked out front? Sorry. Uh, it's my wife. I have to take this. I really am almost done. I'll... I'll be right back. Hey, honey. Whoa, looking sharp! I should really get going, but feel free to stay and finish up. All right, well, room will be nice and cool for you when you get back. Thanks. By the way, you might run into my son. He's part of a school group that's been at the convention all week, and my wife just told me they got invited to that party tonight. So he's pretty jazzed about it. His name's Gerry. Not that you'll run into him, but who knows? - Gerry. - Yeah. I'm Steve. Nice chatting with you. Alex. Good to meet you, Alex. Have fun tonight, and good luck in November. Thank you. I'm actually gonna hit the bathroom one more time. All done! - Great. - Yeah. Check it out. Nah, I... I should go now. Stand where I'm standing, Alex. See how it feels. I'm late. You're sweating. Come on. Come on. Believe me, you'll thank me later. - I should really... - Sit down. Still got that thing in there? Oh, your cup. Small batch, huh? ( crowd chanting ) USA! USA! ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 