Room 104: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Room 104 
 s1e4 - I Knew You Weren't Dead - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Room 104 (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - I Knew You Weren't Dead - full transcript 
 A visitor in seeks advice about his marital troubles from a long-lost friend. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (theme music playing) - Synced & Corrected by Dragoniod - www.addic7ed.com Woman's voice: Listen, Daniel, I'm gonna ask you to please stop texting and calling me. I want you to understand I'm not angry anymore. I'm not trying to punish you for what you did. I understand you're having a hard time, and I'm sorry for what happened to you, but it's been 20 years. I'll always love you. I just... you're a child 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and you're a broken person, and I just don't think that I can be married to you anymore. (TV playing) (audience laughing on TV) - (door opens) - Man: What's up? (door closes) Patrick? Daniel. What are you doing here? - Dude, I fucking live here. - (grunts) Oh, dude, are you gonna eat that? They didn't have any food. That thing? Yeah. Shit. Dude... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (chuckles) My God, what the fuck... what the fuck is wrong with you? Oh, nothing. - Nothing. - You're acting weird. - You're acting weird. - Are you trippin'? - No. - Are you? - Where were you? - Dude, where do you think I was? (chuckles) - Dude. - What? I got 'em. Happy birthday, best friend-o! Come on, man. Get 'em. Fucking get 'em. (grunts) Dude, it's fucking Sound Garden, Melvins, Screaming Trees, fucking Rage Against the Machine! No way! - Dude! - (laughing) Three! I know it's a lot, but I really think it's gonna be worth it 'cause it's a fucking experience. Let's just do it. Let's just go. These are fucking crazy cheap. But I think it's gonna be worth it. No, but how are these so cheap? Dude, they're 20 bucks, like, apiece. No, I know, exactly. I'm... I'm just saying... - Ah, shit. - What? This concert. It's gonna be sweet as fuck. No, we... we are... (sighs) we already went to this concert. What do you mean? What's going on? What? What's going on with your fucking face? What are you talking about? Don't do that. Don't do that! (panting) (TV playing) Man on TV: ...the horrific, the terrifying cat. (audience laughing) Could we have picked a more friendly guardian? (audience laughing) (urinating) (chuckles) Fucking Rage Against the Machine. (keyboard clicks) (music playing) (keyboard clicks) (exhales) Can you hear me? Do you wanna hang out tonight? And maybe give me some advice? I'm just having a really hard time... and I kind of need you right now. (toilet flushes) (faucet running) (water sloshes) (both laughing) Are you trying to sneak a peek right now, you fucking pervert? Shut the fuck up. Shut the fuck up. All right, here. Don't go anywhere. Just get dressed, okay? I need to talk to you about some stuff, so hurry up. (chuckles) Patrick? Patrick? - Patrick? - What? Oh, nothing. Sorry. Um, I just thought maybe you left. Ugh, dude, it smells like one of your bland-ass turkey farts in there still. Shut up. - Get over here. - (gasps) - Ta-da! - Oh, my God! Trying to sell me some Amway shit right now? No, but I need your advice. - (clears throat) - Wow. Are you gonna eat that? Um, no. You... - Yay! - You sit. You eat. Oop! Thank you. Um... Diane, she knows about everything. Fuck! Everything? Everything, and it is fucked up because I was... I was ready to break it off with Brenda. Like, I was going to, but Diane... Dude, I don't know... I don't know who Brenda is. Brenda's my boss from work. She brought me into the catalogues department, right? You know, she hooked me up, even though she knew I lied about college. - What did you lie about college? - I didn't graduate. You didn't fucking graduate?! - I didn't graduate, whatever! - You fucking dropped out?! - Yeah. - You? Yeah. Things happened that... whatever. I dropped out, and we're not gonna... Brenda and I got close, okay? - That's what happened, all right? - Okay. It was w... it was a natural thing that happened and, you know, we slept together. And after you have kids, that shit goes away, so it was, like, kind of a big deal. And honestly, Diane and I were having a horrible rough patch. I mean, we haven't been good since Patrick was born, so. Who's Patrick? My first kid. You know, my oldest kid? You named your first kid after... - after me? - Yeah! Yeah, man! I... you know that. I know, I just... Yeah, so anyways, I thought we'd sleep together for a little bit and then Diane and I would get over our rough patch or whatever, but Diane and I just got worse. You cannot smoke in here. It's a hotel room. - Well, fucking... - And it's really fucked up 'cause I was gonna break it off with Brenda. But Diane found out, like, literally two weeks before she even told me. She saw us at fucking Baskin-Robbins. - Oh, shit! - Yeah, and that's the whole thing is, like, I'm ready to fly straight and come home, and now she won't even fucking talk to me. She won't even answer my texts. So, I'm glad you're here because I don't know what to do. So, you're asking my advice about this? Yeah! (chuckles) I mean, I need help. I'm a little bit lost and I need your help. (exhales) I don't know what to say. (chuckles) I don't know. (sighs) - But you know me. - What, dude? - I don't... - No, you know me better than anybody. Dude, I know you. I've never been married and I've never had these, like, affairs. I'm fucking 21 years old, man. How the fuck am I supposed to know about this shit? I know, but didn't you used to kind of mess around behind your girlfriends' backs and always, like, get back with them? Sure. Okay. And are you not, like, - in a certain... - Certain...? ...position right now to, like, know? What do you mean? - Um... - (chuckles) - ...never mind. - God, dude, it sounds like you need to talk to a therapist or something, or, like, just go and fucking, like... dude, talk to your dad. Really, I'm gonna do that? I don't know, man. (sighs) Dude, I wish I could be more help, you know? I just, like... Just 'cause I'm dead doesn't mean I'm, like, this angel that can just see everything about your life, you know? (chuckles) I'm sorry. (can pops open) (sighs) It's all good, dude. So, what you been up to? What? Just, like, what do you do all day? Like, not much. - Not much? - (chuckles) Mm-hmm. No, like, nothing, really. - Really? - Yeah. No, I, like... you call me sometimes and, like, sometimes I'll come and... Otherwise, I'm just kind of, like... (exhales) What? I just feel like this is something that you'd, like, say that you really want to know, but I don't think you actually wanna know. I wanna know. I swim. Swim like my life is depending on it. I just wanna know, like... do you think that if you had been out there with me... like, past that break, do you think that you would be dead, too? Or you think, like, maybe... if you just had, like, a moment of raw courage and you crashed through the break and you sort of swam towards me, do you think, like... (thudding) (window closes) Just, do you think you could've saved me? Like, do you think you could've brought me back in? - You know what I think. - What? I said I think you know what I think. No, I think, like, I know, like, what you're telling everybody and, like, what you're sort of saying so you don't kind of suffocate under the guilt of just watching your... like, your best friend drown 30 yards away from you while you were safe and sound on shore. The current was not that strong. You weren't supposed... I told you, don't go out there. Dude, you're supposed to be this great swimmer, right? Nobody was supposed to be out there. Yeah, okay, but, like... (exhales) Okay, it's kind of like at Lollapalooza. Like, do you remember when you... like, you were so drunk and, like, you were trying to drink and drive, and I was trying to stop you, so then I pinned you down and I, like, took your keys and I fucking threw them into the field and I was just... I was, like, making sure, like, you couldn't drive, you know? Like, I was, like... like, I made sure you were safe, you know, because that's... I'm, like... like, you're my best friend, you know? That's just what best friends do for each other. Yeah, I thought worst case scenario, it was gonna take you out sideways. Dude, you know me and you knew that I was gonna push it. I mean, you knew that I was gonna fight it. That's fucking what I do. And it was your job to fucking just call me out! I assumed that if I was being unsafe, you would've stopped me, would've made me get out of the water. Man, maybe you wouldn't even let me go in in the first place. - That was... - Don't say that. No, that was just, like, our fucking dynamic. - It's not fair. - You think it's fair that I'm the one who's fucking dead? Now I just get fucking dragged around with you wherever the fuck you go! - I'm never getting asked what I want! - Stop! God damn it, it's not my fucking fault! Yes, this is your fault! - And you have never owned up to it! - God! You've never said you're sorry to me... Shut the fuck up! ...And now I'm the one that's fucking dead! - And that is what is not fucking fair! - (grunts) You wanna know what I'm doing all day? I'm being dead! I can show you what being dead's like! - You want me to show you?! - (grunts, panting) (sobbing) (door closes, locks) (music playing) (sighs) (snoring softly) You awake? Is that you? - Yeah. - (chuckles) (groans) What happened to you? I got old. What's it look like happened? Apparently, you wanted to see me this way, so. - Look, I gotta go soon, but, um... - Why do you have to go? Because this is the last time you're gonna see me. We can't be friends anymore. I'm dead. Do you understand that? You're 42 years old. You've been standing on a beach in Florida for 21 years... looking out at the ocean. I watch you every day, and I see your family there behind the dunes and they're calling your name. But you don't answer. You just stand there... staring at the ocean. What are you doing there, buddy? I'm just waiting for you to come back. Well, I'm not coming back, pal. Time for you to turn around and go home. (sighs) I... I gotta talk to you first. Okay. I'm listening. You're not gonna make fun of me? All right. I miss you. And I love you. And I'm sorry. Because I let you down... (crying) ...and I should've tried to save you. If you had tried to save me, you'd be dead, too. I should've gone out there! (sobs) I wish I was with you! - It's okay. - (crying) - I miss you, too. - (sobbing) And I love you, too. It wasn't your fault. It's time to get off that beach. Time to go home. (sobs) (sniffles) (chuckles) (sighs) (clicking) _ - (sighs) - (phone chirps) (exhales) (music playing) ♪ Every street is dark and folding ♪ ♪ Out mysteriously ♪ ♪ Where lies the chance we take ♪ ♪ When we deceive one another ♪ ♪ Animal mother ♪ ♪ She opens up for free ♪ ♪ Everybody's gotta hold on hope ♪ ♪ It's the last thing that's holding me ♪ ♪ Everybody's gotta hold on hope ♪ ♪ It's the last thing that's holding me. ♪ - Synced & Corrected by Dragoniod - www.addic7ed.com - ♪ (RELAXING PIANO MUSIC) ♪ - (WHIRRING) (GRUNTING) - (SCREAMS) - (LAUGHS) Mom, I left my computer at your apartment and I need a copy of my book. You're gonna send me an email from my mail account... ...It's a super important deadline... ...With a copy of my book, which is in a Word document, which is in a folder on my desktop. Easy, right? MOTHER ON PHONE: I'm not understanding. What are you asking me to do? ♪ (INTENSIFYING MUSIC) ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 