Boston Legal: Season 5, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Boston Legal 
 s5e13 - Last Call - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Boston Legal (2004–2008): Season 5, Episode 13 - Last Call - full transcript 
 In the series finale, Allen leads Denny's case in front of the supreme court, regarding his right to use an experimental treatment. In a double wedding ceremony, performed by Supreme Court Justice Scalia, Shirley and Carl, and Denny and Allen at long last tie the knot. Finally, The Zhu corporation, who bought the firm, changes its name to Chang, Poole and Schmidt. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Make sure as you stand that you face each other It's a pet peeve of mine when couples look like? they're going off into different directions Even during the ceremony Ok, then, now you're going to be giving her away? And you're abviously the groom And that would make you the Jew Rabbi. Rabbi. Oh,I'm so sorry Oh, my God, icertainly hope you will accept my apology May i really be honest father? - I'm not happy at all with this union - Rabbi? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 There's a very old joke, you know what the call the child - Of a jew and a christian? - here we go A christian Assimilation, see? Didn't I tell you? - Father - Excuse me? Do you know the most oppressed religion in America today? - Christiainity - Hear, hear It's Christmas time, you know christmas has become verbotten - You can't even say the word - Interesting, he speaks German - What? - Rabbi - Maybe we should all start over - like to know what you meant by that It's nothing personal I just have a little peeve over How the Catholic Church turned its back on the Holocaust - I love it, a holy war - but the catholic church 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Has been unwavering in its support of Israel - A great risk to America, i might add - Father Much of the violence directed at our country stems from our support of Israel? Support which is surely as disproportionate Since Israel probably doesn't even need to exist anymore Ooh, that should seal it Did you actually just say Israel shouldn't exist? - Rabbi? - Come on, Rabbi I mean it was created as a refuge, a safe-haven far jews Jews are doing fine now So what's the point? It was ugly Rabbi stormed out The Priest refused to give Shirley the use of the church Why were you rehearsing on a Wednesday? Because, i am gonna be at the supreme Court on Friday Filling a drug prescription Check out the hair upon that clerk Denny, do not say anything offensive Let's just get this done without incident - May i help you? - yes, we'd like to apply for a moustache... a marriage license You two are getting married? Is there a reason we shouldn't? Other than, maybe you and i should get together? - Denny? - We plan an open door marriage My card You're heterosexual are you heterosexual? Is that a problem? He completes me - You're getting married? - Is that wrong? - Yes - Why? - It's a sham, Alan - It is not a sham Yes, it is no different than two people who aren't really in love With each other marrying for a green card First of all, I love Denny I believe he loves me And there's no requirement that a couple be " in love" In fact, given the? current divorce rate, one might say The most insidious problem with marriage is that people Make life-altering decisions while in love It's a drug, a toxic one at that And scientifically proven to wear off What's toxic is your cynicism I think your little scheme is dishonest You've been a little testy of late Do all brides get ordery You know, let's just move on Shall we? As you know, the sale of the firm to Tsu international has been finalized The new head of litigation is expected to be appointed and ostensibly to watchdog us I like the new direction of the firm I have a document for Mr Shore and Mr Crane? I'll take it,Thank you - They've got to be kidding me - What is it? It's notice of an injunction seeking to? Stop me and Denny from getting married What? That city hall clerk must have ratted us out Who's filing? The Massachusetts chapter of the Gay and Lesbian League Excuse me? What a hypocrisy Katie, pull up whatever law You can on same sex marriage Jerry and i Will stay focused on the Supreme Court case - As if we haven't got enough to do - Are we done here? We have one more item The new management has decided to change the name of the firm To what? Let me just preface this bysaying that personally? I want my name off the firm, so? To what? Chang, Poole and Schmidt Chang, Poole and Schmidt? I simply don't understand? the logic Your name has such recognition value I've destroyed it, haven't i? my name? No, you haven't You know? Half the stuff i do with the? Nonsense with the sex and? It's to appear colorful, and larger than life? To distract people? From how truly small i've become I'm not about to let you sulk and ruin my wedding day We'll open our own firm, we don't need them We'll overturn it The Supreme court would never side with the Chinese There's no way Denny, we're going to the Supreme court to get the drug I know that I'm just saying? Well? He now says that he? might marry us But not in the Church, which is of course what i wanted most Alright, so we find another Church Carl, did you think it was the smartest idea - To bring in that particular rabbi? - What do you mean? Well, he's a flaming bigot I mean, the catholics are responsible for the Holocaust? He didn't say they were responsible He said they turned their back, which is true Can we discuss the priest's little gem? - Israel doesn't need to exist? -That's a political argument - political? - Yes, and many people have expressed it palestinians living in Israel will soon outnumber the Jews The idea of a continuing as a Jewish state... I can't believe I'm hearing this - Certainly you've heard it before - Not from you - I'm not supporting the idea... - N?o, but you're defending a priest... - Please do not raise your voice - ... and you're calling the rabbi - a bigot? - Yes, a big one Really? First the chinese, now the Jews, Who's next? - You, Get out - O?h, with pleasure So, basically, this marriage is all about money? Judge, I would guess a lot of marriages are If you trace the institution to its origins, you'll discover that marriage had its roots in economics - N?ot love, money - I find it offensive - Why? - I'll tell you why Speaking as a gay man, we have had to fight long and hard for this right We have suffered ridicule, hatred, gay-bashing You're preaching to the old boys choir We're with you on that - N?o, you're making a mockery of it... - We're doing no such thing - You're blatant heterosexual - So what? Are you proposing a rule that every couple be sexually active, or procreational? Cause that's been used against you Your honor, this is exactly what the religious right and conservative movements have been warning of: “if we allow same sex marriage, what next?” Well, this is what's next You will see people exploiting same sex unions to circumvent... - You hypocrit - All right H's suggesting we go into some kind of discovery as to why two people want to marry, the very kind of invasive legislat... This does seem a bit cynical You are basically wanting to marry Denny Crane... - to skirt tax laws - Your honor, in this day and age, the preservation of wealth is paramount And I'm sorry, before I see Mr crane's money go to fund immoral wars or less moral government bail-outs, I'd rather see it go to me The plans I have for it Are far more philanthropic And by the way, I love him, OK? I love the man. He loves me. We're partners. To say that we cannot get married because we don't have sex, is... just as preposterous and bigoty as banning marriage based on who a person chooses to have sex with. H will be fueling the fire to pass a constitutional ban on... You're the one stoking the embers. For what it's worth, this isn't about just money. there are medical reasons. He happens to be suffering from an incurable illness. - You can do that by proxy. - He doesn't want to. He wants a partner, a legal spouse. - Why? - That's his prerogative, his privacy. - You seek to invade that too? - All right, I have heard the arguments. Let me take an hour, and I will decide. You have no idea, what you'll be stowing up. All right. - Is she not beautiful? - Who is she? O?pposing counsel. She's arguing for the government. Flying here from Tennessee. It's all good, Alan. She's hot, and doctors say, blood flow in any direction - Is good for my brain - Are you packed? Because we're going straight from court to the airport Will you stop nagging me? We're not married yet Just get packed This is crazy N?either of us are very religious people We haven't even talked about it before. Why are we letting this nonsense stand in our way? Well, most people don't talk about religion, and it doesn't enter into our daily lives, but it is nevertheless a value, and it's obvious that you and I have different values, carl. Religion is not a value. Spirituality? Yes. Belief in God? OK. But religion itself? It's a discipline, one that pretends to be about love, family and charity, too often is a vehicle of hatred and war. Yeah, it's starting up a little war right now between you and me. And it really pisses me off That it is politically incorrect to celebrate christmas, but you get all your... Yom Kippur, Rosh Hashanah, Hanucca, Passover. My God, you have a gazillion of them. Paul. Little bit of good news. The... dreaded monster that they're bringing in to oversee litigation? - Do we know who it is? - We do. Me. For whatever reason, I seem to have their trust. - Well, that is good news. - Yes. Is there bad news? Shirley, I don't think I can save Denny. Well, that's a moot point, fighting for me or Alan... or carl, probably Jerry, maybe Κatie. - If you talk to the others... - I won't. Shirley, come on. - We have to face it, that Denny... - could get better If he gets this drug, it is showing a lot of promise, Denny could improve. All right, look, I do find this union to be primarily based on money. I also agree withMr Pinnard. This is the exact kind of exploitation that Christian right and others feared. But I also recognize, people marry for all sorts of reasons. It's not the government's place to ask why. Mr pinnard, there are many gays who marry heterosexuals. Also gays who marry gays of the opposite sex, because they want to start a family, be co-parents... Nothing to do with romantic love. I hardly think you believe the government should step in and stop that Same-sex unions are legal in Massachusetts. Your motion for an injunction is denied. - The dock on Nimmo Bay. - We go directly from Dc. We're going to need somebody from Massachusetts to perform the ceremony. Your honour, by any chance do you like to fish? You will keep the others if you feel it is warranted, but Denny Crane absolutely must go. The lawyers here are extremely loyal to him. It doesn't matter. The man is mentally unbalanced. He's a danger to himself and others and cannot be allowed to stay. I will tell you this, right now. I would not want to risk losing Alan Shore. Mr Shore needs to be reined in. We understand he is a brilliant attorney, but he is undisciplined... and also needs overseeing. We are not afraid to lose him, if we must... in time. Denny, shouldn't we just go up to the room, we've got a big day tomorrow. Not to mention I don't want to look puffy on my wedding day. Let's get a night cap, it would settle our nerves. - I hear Hillary comes here - Denny, she... I just wanna meet her once, before... you and I... You know, I think she'd like me. I have a feeling about us. - You and H?illary? - Yeah, we're bo... - What? - That's her. H?illary? Wonder-girl from Tennessee She's at the bar. Bet she's staying at the same hotel. What are you doing? If I can make her see me as a human being... - she'll have mercy on our case - But she won't see you as a human being You'll reveal yourself to be the animal that you are Give me some credit will you, please? I'm going up to the room. I've got too much to go over - I'll see you up there - Denny, don't say anything to that woman - that she can use against us - I won't Double scotch Mitch Shoemaker,Hello. It'd be a pleasure to meet you, Mitch, if I had time. - Unfortunately, I don't. - Thanks. Whatever she's drinking. She's not. Look, I'm not hitting on you. I'm old enough to be your grandfather. In fact, you remind me of my granddaughter. You got a... a grandpa? Is he in good health? - Lot of them aren't. - Mitch... can I call youMitch? Cause you look more like a Denny to me. - How did you know? - You're very famous. Well, I won't bore you with my usual nonsense. You seem like a very nice young lady. - I have Alzheimer's disease - You're not alone. Over 5 million Americans do, including my own grandmother So, you know H?ow can you... take the position you're taking, if you know? I would think you'd want your grandmother to have Dimebolin. H?ave you read the data? It helps with cognition, the memory. - could be a life-saver. - And it's only completed two trials There's still a lot of testing that needs to be done. What stage is she in, your grandma? Three. But she's lucid enough to know what you'll be arguing tomorrow. I'm not going to discuss my family matters with you, Mr Crane. What I can tell you: there's a very human face on everyone of those five million people, including you. And tomorrow I'll be fighting for all of them, including you. Good night,Mr Crane. We'll see you in the Great Hall. All persons having business before the honourable... - Do you think they'll remember us? - How could they not? Look at Ginsburg. Does the woman now want me? The woman's on heat. clarence looks like he wants you too, Denny. Check out Scalia "Cherry McChuckles" Alito looks glad to see us. God, it's good to be back. All right, Ms Brooks, let's start with you. Thank you, Mr chief Justice. May it please the court, the right of the terminally ill to use experimental drugs is nowhere guaranteed in our constitution. So what? Does every right have to be bestowed by the Constitution? Certainly not, your honor. But in the absence of any law - Or legislative intent, which provides.. - Come on, counsel If this man is dying of an incurable disease why not give him the unapproved drug? Who does it hurt? First of all,Mr crane is not necessarily terminal. He... You know something about Alzheimer's we don't? I know the disease can take unpredictable courses... Particularly when it comes to progression And all with the same ending The FDA bans experimental drug use with good reason Because this does not just involve the individual patients. If untested drugs are suddenly made available, people will forego entering into clinical drug trials. promising drugs might not be studied, and therefore never reach the market. That hurts... Over 5 million people have Alzeimer's Something tells me we have plenty of subjects for clinical trials With all due respect, justice Scalia, if people can simply buy the drug, they won't choose to enter into a clinical study where they can risk getting a placebo Why shouldn't a person have a right to medical self-defence This court rejected that right in... In marijuana cases, where there are other treatments available We let women abort viable fetuses to protect their own lives A person may shoot and attack to death in self-defence Shouldn't this man be able to take a drug to save himself, especially if it's his only hope? N?o. First of all, dying people are willing to assume any risk, including taking dangerous, untested drugs, which could kill them sooner But again, what's the downside... The downside is clinical trials get short-changed, interfered with The safety and efficacy of these drugs is at stake, not to mention millions of lives My grandmother has Alzheimer's She's one of those five million people She sits at home, waiting for a cure, desperate for FDA approval, which could very well be delayed by letting... We've seen how pharmaceutical companies work It's not about finding cures, so much as it is about finding markets selling If they get to peddle promising but untested drugs, we all know they'll do it Drugs that engender false hopes Ones with higher profit margins, if they get to skip the testing Investors will pump their money into snake-oils that dress up well This is not a scrupulous industry, your honour They most certainly don't deserve a pass on clinical trials, and that is what will effectively happen if untested drugs are okayed by this court This woman is good Would you forgive a "bride-zilla" going a little nuts during her wedding week? I'm sorry, Carl I wanted to get married in a church I wanted everything to be so perfect... because I am marrying the greatest man I have ever known and loved and... Do you still want me? O?f course I want you If you wanna raise the kids Jewish, I'm OK with that Even with all the gazillions of holidays? The only thing I really care about... I do wanna celebrate christmas, but... there's one thing I really care about... and that is getting to spend the rest of my life with you, so if you want to elope, let's do it I talked to Denny He and Alan have a judge and they're flying up to N?immo Bay to get married H?e proposes we join, make it a joint ceremony Maybe we should O?h, yes! I had my heart set on a church, but failing that, a fishing lodge! It's not just a fishing lodge, I'm told Shirley, we could be married by this time Saturday You've certainly come a long way, Mr Fuddy-Duddy Who knows how much longer we'll all be together? A road trip could be fun We already have a problem in this country of rushing unsafe drugs to the market, it's epidemic And, as soon as we allow patients, especially the desperate ones, to exempt drugs from testing, it's going to get exponentially worse Fewer people will be saved Rather, more will die Science tramped by false hope and permissive advertising... Ms Brooks, the red light is been on for some time - If I could just add... - No. You've exceeded your limit I think you should get a little band to play people off, you know, like the O?scars and the Emmys Just a thought OK, before we even get started let's be clear on a few things This time, you will conduct yourself in a manner befitting this court. You will address only the issues before this court, and not derail yourself with a spiralling ramp that serves no purpose other than... What is that? I'm very sorry. I have a tendency to not notice that little red light, so I programmed my tie to also alert me when I've been talking too long. Evidently, my tie thinks that you have. - Turn it off, right now. - Yes, sir. We go way back. Ok Mr. Shore, your time is starting right now - Use it wisely - Thank you Mr. Chief Justice Let me begin by extending a special greeting to Justice Thomas Justice Thomas Still the Chatty Kathy, OK - Where to begin? - Let's begin with your brief which was conspicuously thin on case law That's because most of the case law doesn't support us But let's be honest this court hasn't been that big on Precedent anyway, am I right? I mean, we have 200 years of the Supreme Court not one found a constitutional right to bear arms, but you happen to like arms, so, what the hell? Established case law also tells us that torture and denial of due process are bad, but evidently you favor both, so in the Guantanamo case the big "never mind"? You people throw precedent with the morning trash here - Mr. Shore, I'm curious - That I didn't know What could possible possess you to want to come in here and be cocky? Do you think this helps your client? Actually, the reason I am, uh, a little cocky... Is because my client, Denny crane is the little guy here And the Supreme court of the United States has always always stood up for the little guy... As they did for O?liver Brown A black man who fought for his third-grade daughter to be able to go to the same Elementary school as her best friend and who was white Though, of course, this particular Supreme Court Has gutted Brown vs Board of Education Because precedent, as we said who needs it? but... Counsel, I gave you an express directive to stick to this case Yes, getting to it, your honour You see, I happen to know the little guy is due in this court That's why I'm confident The little guy's been taking such a beating of late in this room I just know he's due. Oh, you think the little guy loses out with us? Don't you? come on, Enron, the makers of medical devices The tobacco industry has done very well here This court heard 7 anti-trust cases in its first two terms And decided all of them in favor of big corporate defendants And, of course, the biggest Player on the block, the government always seems to win And then, on the other end of that particular see-saw down there, stuck in the mud we have the losers The criminal defendants. Forget 'em. My God. Just last month, you turned down a stay of execution for a Georgia man Even though 7 of the 9 prosecution witnesses recanted I guess you just couldn't be bothered With his innocence Maybe it was Friday and you had plans Anytime you want to weigh in, Justice Thomas, just give me a little wave Counsel, I had plans, today. I have a flight booked at 1:00 for a vacation which I've looked forward to for a long, long time And I will make that flight, Counsel which means as soon as that red light blinks... Yes, your honour, I promise you will be out of here and on vacation in a jiffy And speaking for all Americans, I give you permission to stay away for as long as you like But first, there's this matter of the little guy He's here in your courtroom And he's due... for a win My... Client has Alzheimer's. I know what you're probably thinking, and you're right, Denny Crane is hardly a little guy H?e's the very... biggest. He's rich, he's famous, He's one of the giants of our profession But that isn't really what makes him so... It's his enormous foolish heart It's his boundless generosity Denny has a sense of wonder and innocence Like a child with all of the world before him H?e has that capacity for... sheer joy that... most of us somehow lose Along the road to adulthood Denny is my best friend I love him with all my heart If I could yank that horrible disease out of his body I would fight it, and I would win I would use every ounce of my strength and I would win, if I could... But I can't. My best friend is dying of an incurable disease... That will rob him of himself Before it finally robs him of his life and I'm sorry, I don't give a damn what the case law says The law... You simply cannot look a dying man in the eye And say you don't get the right to try and save yourself. The law cannot possibly say that and if it does It needs to change, right now, today. Today. Our problem, Mr Shore We have to safeguard the masses Our rulings don't reach people one person at a time But why can't they? Make this ruling apply only to Denny Crane if you choose to Just make it Your honour, deeply embedded in this court in so many of its holdings Is the individual's autonomy and personal dignity So, tell me, please, explain to me how that cannot apply here Because all I can see is the indecency of a disease That cripples the body as it rots the brain Can only be exceeded by the inhumanity Of knowing there's a drug that could help and not letting him have it Contrary to the public's perception, I think, when asked, most judges and lawyers would say... The reason they first went to law school... was simply to help people This man I love my friend Desperately needs your help I beg the nine of you to look within yourselves... And revisit that question why did you go to law school? Why did you want to sit up there and wear that robe? Because today this experimental drug Isn't really Denny crane's last best hope. You are You are When the bells are ringing I hear them tingle-linging Ooh, they're ringing... Ringing closer and closer to me I hear the organ playing You know, this is ridiculous Yes, and we wouldn't want it any other way There it is. Nimmo Bay - Don't you think it's low? - Indian summer We're on our honeymoon Our honey moon We're on our honeymoon On our honeymoon All right, let's not waste time I don't want a honeymoon with a salmon Heaven on earth Let's send out for some scotch Nothing younger than 25 years Are there bears here? Isn't this the time of year they look to fatten up? This really is beautiful. - I'm afraid of it, but it's beautiful. - What are you afraid of? O?h, you name it... The water, the woods... Canada. Stop it - This is your vacation? - H?e brought a standing buddy Where's the secret service? Your honor, this is fate you must admit... Don't talk to me I won't, I promise, if I could just ask you one little thing... I mean, it can't be ex parte we're on a dock. Could you look any sillier? I know you can But, have you had an opportunity to think about that little... Favour I sought to carry in court? Is just that I'm dying to know Denny is, actually O?n Monday, the court will issue a one-line memo Granting you the use of the experimental drug You mean it? I'm cured - I could just hug you, may I? - I'll have you jailed Your honour, I truly... I don't know what to say - May I call you N?ino? Because... - You may not I've always heard you're a compassionate man Now I know I came up here to fish If you'll excuse me Your honour, one last thing Denny and I came up here to be married I know you want to get to the river We did bring a judge of our own But the possibility of an upgrade... I at least have to ask We're gonna make this really fast - Which is what we want. If I may say.. - N?o, you may not You all take your respective parties to be lawfully wedded partners To love, honour and obey till death do you part? Your honour, that might be a little faster than we... - You want me to do this? - We do. -I know pronounce you... -No, wait. We were saying "we do" to the question "do we want you to do it?" Mr. Shore, the Coho are jumping at Seymour Falls Your honour, this is our wedding day Join hands. Are you going to be serious about this? Because if not... Alan, I've never been more serious about anything In my entire life Ok, let's go Do you, carl and Denny respectively Take Shirley and Alan respectively, To be your lawfully wedded partners to love, honour and obey... And cherish Especially cherish ...and cherish, till death do you part? I do I do And do you Shirley and Alan respectively Take carl and Denny, respectively To be your lawfully wedded partners To love, honour, obey and cherish... Till death do you part? I do I do You all understand what it means to be married? This is a sacred thing The commitments to love one another To be there for each other no matter what... Do you really all get that? We get it, your honour Look at me By the powers vested in me as Justice of the Supreme court And by the powers of the commonwealth of Massachusetts... I can't speak for Canada I know pronounce you husband and wife... And you husband and husband. What God has brought together, let no man and no court tear asunder. You may kiss the bride Woa, one at the time Alan, you first. And, Denny, gently And now, Carl... my husband - Good luck to you all. - Thank you, your honour -Thank you so much, your honour -Thank you, justice I love you, man I love you too, Denny Shirley, may I have my wedding dance with you? It's just I've always dreamt of dancing with you In this dress, looking exactly the way you do. Denny, don't you think Carl should get this dance? Let him grab the next one H?e's got you forever I just... Just for tonight... let's pretend we still care... You really are a good sport, Carl I'm a good sport? Alan, has it sunk in yet, who you're married to? - Judge? - Why not? Move to the music... And say "I love you" Promise each other... We'll always be true... Our love's not just for tonight Our love's not just for tonight - Long day - But a good one It was wonderful Spectacular day - What couples they made - Yes, they did Thank you, Jerry, for being my charming date - Canada was great - Beautiful - I'm not afraid of it anymore - How great is that? Conquer once the fear of a foreign country - A great day - Fab Let's not make ourselves dizzy N?ow... I feel dizzy. - Somebody's been here - Who? I don't know. But clearly somebody Probably staff celebrating our wedding They could've cleaned up You're not gonna be a neat freak, are you? Don't start with me Tell you, Alan... I woke up this morning, I thought the end was near... but this drug... I could feel the fog lifting just thinking about it - We're married. - can you believe it? We will face ridicule, Denny... abuse Don't be fooled It's all worth it I love you I love you too You know, I was watching you dance with Shirley And for a second, I thought you were having one of your... moments... Where you actually believe you and she... Had one of those moments yesterday - You thought she was your wife? - No, I thought you were my son Proud moment for a dad I tell you that... Having you as my son That's something Are we gonna stay with this firm, or are we gonna... open a new one? We don't have to decide tonight Let's just sit here like an old married couple You know, I was a little hurt - You danced with Shirley instead of... - Here we go - I'm just saying... - Come on. We did get married. I'd think a little attention is in order - Before your eyes start roving - You wanted to dance? - I did. - Let's do it now N?o, the moment is passed N?o, it hasn't We're here, now We're in the moment - I don't want a mercy dance - Is this the way it's gonna be? Alan... our wedding dance - Don't try anything - Funny And I want to lead - Why should you...? - You got to lead with Shirley It's my turn. Just dance - You're leading - I'm not Well, quit shoving me around If you plan to dominate me in this marriage - let's undo it right now. - well, that's "Till death do us part" - I can call Scalia right now - I don't wanna undo it now Just... be quite. Seize the moment It's our wedding night It's our wedding night Fantastic Fantastic, that's you, yes You perform miracles Whenever you hold me near Tender, warm miracles That make me surrender dear Yes You whisper "Darling"? And before my eyes A blaze of fireworks light up the skies No wonder angels have starry eyes Fantastic Fantastic, that's you 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 