Cheer: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Cheer 
 s1e3 - Blood, Sweat and Cheers - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Cheer (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Blood, Sweat and Cheers - full transcript 
 With Monica watching every move they make, the team works toward their first full-out. When La'Darius falters, Jerry gets a chance to prove himself. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Is it-- Is today "wear the red shirt day," day? I don't even have my shirt underneath. That's how I know I'm not practicing. Obviously because I threw my back out. Even though it really had nothing to do with practicing here. Now I'm about to get cussed out. Because on Saturday she told me that I can't be hurt because she needs me, so not to compete on Sunday, then I went ahead and did it. See, I told-- I know she's mad at me. You saw that face? Yeah. She look like Cruella. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - I don't know. Okay, hold this. - What's she saying she's gonna do? I'm gonna go talk to her right now and just get it out of the way. I'm so scared! Well, look at all of us. - Come on. We done all competed. - Nothing to be scared about. So, full-out today? Since you competed yesterday? Yep. I'm just saying, what you do there, you do here. Okay. When he competed on Saturday at an All-Star competition, he did something to tweak his back. And, you know, he could barely walk off the mat. I didn't want him to injure himself further, and that's when we discussed 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 that he should not, you know, compete the next day. Because I didn't think it would be in his best interest, and then he did, for whatever reason. But Cam-- But Cameron told me not to do anything today, and then now, she's like, "You're going full-out." I am screwed. You just don't go and do something at All-Star practice if you can't do the same thing at our practice. You don't get to pick and choose. They're getting scholarships at Navarro College. This is their first priority, and they know that from the beginning. Y'all get set! We're doing the pyramid full-out! Everything to back tuck! Here we go. Ready? And... Don't talk. Don't move. Listen. Why, when I correct you, do you not fix it the next time? I mean, what's the problem? The bar's been raised so high that if you don't come in thinking as a champion then, you know, you're probably not gonna do well. She-- She holds them accountable. Sick, injured, whatever it is, she expects a lot. She's punishing me. Yeah, but punishing you to make you hurt more, like, physically, is not reasonable. I noticed a lot of y'all competed this weekend, but I don't care. You decided to do that. You decided to do two things, - not me. - Yes, ma'am. So, check in. Yes, ma'am. Can he do his part? Can he? Yeah. She's hard on 'em. Because the-- the kids are representing her and representing the college. Come on TT, baby, I got you. Competition, let's face it, we're all here to win, so... if you're not giving your best, then you're gonna have a problem with Monica. She-- She doesn't put up with weakness. We got you TT. Go to the beginning. Yeah, go to the beginning. Okay, do it again! Okay, y'all, listen! We're gonna do the tumbling one last time. So, remember, you can do more, because we're conditioning ourselves up some without it actually going full-out tumbling. But we will... I will have an expectation later this week that all the tumbling is full-out, but I don't wanna go from zero to 100, because we're trying to build up our stamina to be able to do a full full-out. So we'll do sections. A semi full-out... to build up our stamina for, hopefully, Friday, first full-out. Friday is our first full-out, and a full-out is where you do the routine from beginning to end, where all the skills are thrown. You can't just learn a routine and go, "Okay, let's just do it full-out." That's dangerous. So, you may do stunts full-out. You may do stunts and pyramid full-out. You may do tumbling and pyramid full-out, or you-- and you may add baskets, but we have yet to hit our pyramid. So, we can't do our full-outs unless we're safely hitting the pyramid. Last year, we kind of had, like, our whole pyramid down. This year, we are kind of struggling on getting our pyramid situated. It just depends on what you're doing and how tired your body is, and... literally anything can happen. I did something to my ribs, and in the pyramid, I feel like it gets hit, like, all the time. It's crazy. Yeah, I think she loves to make these insane pyramids that you're, like, "Wow, like, that looked like Cirque de Soleil." You know? Yeah, but I pretty much trust everyone on the team to catch me. The pyramid's fun. It's just frustrating at times, and it gets really, really hard. And, you just gotta, like, stay with it, and it'll-- it'll all come together. But Monica sees stuff that not all of us see, so you gotta trust her. But right now, it's very rough. Very, very rough. They get drained, they get mentally exhausted, they get physically exhausted. They're pushing, you know, as hard as they can, and definitely the tensions are gonna get even higher. And, every day that goes by is a day closer to Daytona. It's time for another haircut, ain't it? Don't look at me. Before you get stabbed. Okay, let's warm up stunts in a circle. All right, guys! Five, seven, hold her! One, three... Yeah, seven. Get it, girl! Three. Hold, hold! Seven, eight. Three, five. Come on, finish it out. One, two, three, five. - I'm over it! - Come in. Breathe, y'all. Y'all. Okay, attitudes need to stop. Like, it's okay to drop a stunt, but there's no point to get frustrated and walk away pissed off and not just be like, "Smile, let's do it again. I sucked a little." Reset. Try again. Okay? Or try to save it. I don't understand that. Like, you've walked off before he's had a chance to save it, and James could've held that stunt. I mean, it-- it makes a difference. It really does. Get a break! You know how last year I told you you stand up really tall on your stunt when you catch? In which part? Dude, there-- Okay, let me see. Okay. Like, all I gotta do is focus. If I-- If I look mad, I'm gonna hit. Okay. Well, I mean, if we need to work on that part, I just need to know. I'll fix my part. No, I'm gonna fix my part. If it's crazy, then we need to work on that part. - So, I just need to know. - Okay. I would rather it not hit, and-- and then let's fix it. Yeah, fix it on the... Get it on the back end. Yeah. Okay. I think La'Darius definitely struggles sometimes with his attitude. I think it's maybe just the way he grew up. He has had to overcome so many obstacles, and La'Darius is very cutthroat, so it's either you do, or you don't. If one thing doesn't go right for La'Darius, he has a really short fuse. I do way too much in this routine to be trying to hold up people who don't want to be there. You know, sometimes you can have the most talented kid, but if they're not coachable or they're not a good teammate, then they cause problems, and it's-- it's just not worth it. You know, his first semester here, I didn't even think he would make it till the end of the year. - Is it okay if I turn my body? - No. You don't know how many times I was on the floor today. It literally felt like I was being stabbed in my back, like, 700 times. I told you not to go full-out, TT. - You don't listen. - Yeah. I was told not to go full-out yesterday too. You sure were. My forearms are inflamed. - Like, this hurts. - Yes, that's-- that hurts. That hurts on you too? Probably because we doing too much cheerleading, and these coaches don't know how to-- Okay, but why didn't it hurt last year? I don't know. Well, because we weren't doing as much cheerleading. - I didn't do as much. - You didn't do as much. I still did the same amount. Actually, I tumbled more on both teams. Girl, sit down. You know dang well we did not practice this much until the very end. We literally practiced every day. But we did not practice this hard. Are you trying to win, or are you trying to lose? I don't care. At this point, I don't care. Because they act like they don't know how to take care of people, like, their freaking team. "You can do it? Okay, keep pushing." Okay, then. When we fall out on the mat, keep the same energy. I don't care. And I don't care, and I said what I said. - Yeah. - Child! Monica wasn't mad at me. She was just disappointed that I would put myself through that. Especially being a competition that wasn't as serious as Daytona. But, Monica's, like... not even like a second mom. She's basically like a first mom. I would literally would do anything for her. My gosh. Bro, what time do we have practice? - Seven thirty. - I gotta do this. We just don't get enough time in the day to do all this work. Everybody's like, "School comes first." And then they be like... "But Navarro is your priority." Okay, so which one come first? Because I got a test now, and I got practice. Because you-- you making me run. You're making me run for not going to class, but you don't want me to miss tests to go to practice. I'm confused. We run for tardiness or absences. Monica cares about our grades. She's such a stickler on grades, which is why she hired me to be the tutor, because she cares so much. I-- I have good grades. I have 4.0. Read the ending of it. So, I fill out their schedules. I help them get a planner. I'm her second pair of eyes, basically. I'm gonna help Lexi right now. Yeah, her Music Appreciation. She said she doesn't know what instrument makes what sound. I'm organized now through her. - Okay. - I tried harder because of her. I'm gonna help Lexi. She is not just there to make champions. She's there to help people become better adults and help them in their lives later on. I don't know anyone else that's in this stupid class, and, like, I don't understand this crap, so-- - Stuff. - It'd be good to know. She cares about how we do, how we look, but she also cares how we act in public. We have a lot of people on this team that have a very big following on social media. And, like, because we have a very big image here at Navarro College, things that she doesn't like us posting would be, like, explicit pictures of ourselves. Like, obviously that's not who we are, so if we were to post that, like, she would probably lose her mind on us. Because, like, everything you like on Twitter will, like, pop up on her feed. So she gets to see everything that we do on social media. She watches everything about her cheer team, every move they make. And when she says something, they listen. I have never seen Navarro College cheerleaders being rude or... disruptive. They're always very well-mannered. These kids are such good representatives of Navarro College. You may or may not know, but we started a new initiative this past fall to reward our student athletes that have a 3.0 grade point average for the previous semester, all right? You get to brag a little bit, and you get a T-shirt. All right, here we go. We're gonna go one at a time. Fifteen hours with a 4.0, Jeremiah Harris. Hey! It is an awesome program. It is a building of your character, your ability to finish things and get things done and do your best. - And, that's what they do. - Fifteen hours with a 3.8, Morgan some... Simi... Sim... Monica takes good care of them. She is the best, and I-- I just love her to death, and everybody else does. So, um, I don't know if I'm being filmed or not, but, so, this is the way I feel about 'em. Y'all, here we go. Ready. You ready? One, two, three. Smile! Some of these kids from broken homes don't really have any direction in their lives. So, when they come to Navarro, I might be the first person actually in their life that, number one, has expectations or is gonna teach them about structure. I would hate you to be my massage therapist. Some of these kids have never been disciplined. Now there's actually rules. Like, "Okay, you don't go to class, you have to run." Or fail a drug test, you get kicked off. You know, most of the time, these kids actually like having the rules. They don't realize it at the moment, but when they leave, they miss the structure that they had at Navarro. Any time that I drive up to Dallas, I try to plan that trip in around practice time. That way I can stop in, see the-- see the team, see how they're doing, see how they're progressing. This program is not just a team, it's a family. So, any time that I get a chance to come and stop in, I-- I choose to do that. Five, seven, and... One, two, three, five, seven. Y'all, I need to fix something, because I cannot have my eyes see another pyramid not go full-out, right? - Because, I need this to happen. - Yes, ma'am. I'm a firefighter for Montgomery County ESD1, and everything that she taught me, I take that into my job. Everything from the way my uniform looks, the way that I'm groomed... To this day, even when I wake up, if I'm late for work, first thing I think of is, "Man, Monica would be... really upset with me right now because she expects better of me." Five, six, seven, eight. One... If I ever disappointed her, it'd hurt more than disappointing my own parents. Another run-through, let's go! My routine last year wasn't anywhere near this hard. Yeah? Y- You know, this year it's a lot harder. But this, you know, this can't get any worse, so it can only go up. I miss cheerleading every day. I spent my time. I knew it was one of those things you can't do when you get older, but... the life that I lived here was definitely some of my better days. Five, seven. One, two... My... It really just is not doing it for me to not see that go. - Yes ma'am. - And it's been too many days. As far as the outside pressure, as far as the history of the program, you don't want to let the people before you down. Especially after a year that they won. Hey, y'all! All right, we're gonna go on a scavenger hunt, and you're gonna get an envelope that will say "clue" on it. And we have to ask you a history question, and you have to answer it right before you can open the envelope and go to your next place. Okay? All right, ready, set, go! Flip it over. - Two, who was the last person-- - Wasn't that Robert? Yeah. Okay. One of the things I've struggled with was learning the history. You have to learn about the teams ever since 2000, our first, you know, championship. Well, what do we do to get a hint or help? We can make them do five push-ups. - Five push-ups. - That's too little. People thought, like, I was cocky because I didn't care to learn tumbler girls before me. Find a different answer. And I've tried to learn, but I forget these things, or I mix up the years, and it's not like I'm trying to be disrespectful. What was the score in 2012? 9.933. - Have fun! Bye. - Bye. Make sure you FaceTime one of us. I hope this shit doesn't take too long. Yo, we're gonna have to look in the court for our envelope. I'm not doing that crap. Good luck with that! Man, you're a trooper. They got me messed up. They got me bent if they think I'm gonna go in there. If they were more helpful, maybe I would want to learn more, but a lot of times, they're just rude about it. And they, like, yell at you or make you feel like you're dumb. So, I just kind of stopped trying. Okay. I got it. - Yo, can we open it? - Yeah. Yeah. Can you name the 2000 team? Yeah. Arthur Martinez, Andree McGee, Brendan Cruise, Doug Samples, Eric Ibera, Jamie Lewis Harper, Jimmy Kirkendall, Jennifer Perry Martinez, Kristi Steel Wheeler, Candice Dis... Mandy McKee-McCullen, Michael Curtis... Matt Parkin. Put Lexi on the phone. Where's Lexi? Hey. Hey. Who was last pass 2009? Callie. What other years was she last pass? Eight, nine, and '11. - Can we open it now? - Yes! Open it and read it to us. "Your time is almost up, we're going to... We're going to Daytona to fuck it up." "Your time is almost up. We're going to Daytona to fuck it up." - Your "time" is up. - The clock tower? Yeah. My God, I'm s-- I literally was hoping to God that he was gonna ask me about Callie, because that's literally the only one that I know. It's against my religion to learn this history. I'm sorry. Right? Okay, because y'all are ghetto. You're trash. I'm over it. - La'Dari-- - La'Darius. - Yes? - I think we gotta leave. - You gotta leave soon. - I'm still eating. No, because I gotta go-- I gotta go get my stuff. TT, what are they talking about in this GroupMe? It's-- Sherbs is saying that we had a talk, um, how everyone's talking, saying that we need to humble ourselves and, like-- Who's saying they're better than somebody? It's probably at me. It was probably us playing with each other. I do say it all the time, that I'm better than everyone. Girl, I've been saying that I've been better than everybody since I was born. If I wasn't better than everyone, I wouldn't be in center. They be crying too much on this team for me. I don't have the energy for them. No, no, no, no, I'm not gonna stop saying it, and it's not directed at nobody, then it shouldn't be no problem. - I'm tired of them always crying. - I'm sorry I'm better than Jerry. Excuse me, don't direct nothing at me! We're better than you, so be quiet. We're better than you. You're beneath us. Really? I wanna ask, when's y'all's next competition? In April. - Bro, y'all are cold. - Y'all like number one type shit? Period, point-blank. There's nobody better than us. - Y'all can bust a move quick? - Bust a move? - You wanna bust a move, La'Darius? - Just flip it. - Just a standing full. - You got it. - Yes, yes, yes! Round of applause. - That's really cold, boy! - Okay. - Boy, you cold as a bitch, man. Thanks, man. I cannot believe the GP actually came up to me and talked. That's cute. That never happens. That never happens. Let's go. Finish it! I feel La'Darius isn't trying. He isn't. It's annoying. Can I say something, please? - Yes. - Um, one thing. Attitude is everything. So, like, if you don't wanna be here, there's the door. Because, like, I guarantee you, there's far more people that would love to be in your spot right now, and we're not fighting to get second. We have a legacy to uphold. If you don't want to be here, there's the door. Just saying. You know, the past few days, I've felt like he's not been trying to make that stunt hit. And he wants to try to make it look like it's her, but it's not her. I don't like to play games. I'm a very, like, "let's shoot it straight" type person. So if you come in and "pretend" like you can't hit a stunt, that's gonna hit me wrong every single day. Five, seven, eight. One, three, five, seven, eight. One... - Come on, La'Darius. - Come on, buddy. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. One... Don't get frustrated. Alright. Come on, now. - Do it again. - Ready? One. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. - One, two, three, five, six... - Come on, y'all. One, three, five, seven, hold it. He not trying. Don't get frustrated. It's okay. Throwing up your arms and walking away won't make the stunt work. Yeah, but also people not trying doesn't help either. Do I need to take you off? Because you're not even trying to keep it in the air. And you, be quiet. Do you hear me? Do you hear me? Don't say another word. Don't-- Stay in your lane, and stay the hell out of this. And I'm serious. Jerry, try that stunt with Sherbs. When you don't make the first 20 on mat, you can get added in at any moment, but, like, you never know what day it's gonna happen, you never know what you're gonna do. So, it's just a lot of stress. Like, a lot. If you get told to go in at that moment and to do something, you get, like, three chances. And if it don't hit, she's like, "Who else is on the side? Who else can I put in that spot?" Let's go, Jerry. Let's go, Jerry. - Go. - Ready? One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. One, three, five, six, seven. One, three, five. Hey, Jerry. That was warm-up. - Jerry, come on. - Hit it. Big dip over your head, bud. Let's go. Straight in. - Ready? One, two, three, four. - Five, six, seven, eight. One, three, five, six, seven, eight. One, three, five, seven, eight. One, three, five, seven, eight. One, three, five, six, seven, eight. One, three, five, seven, eight. - One, two, three! - Hold! Five, seven, eight. One, three, four, five, seven, eight. - One, three, five. - Yeah! - Good, Jerry. - Not bad. Can I see all the stunts to the music? Ready? - Music is on. - Come on, Jerry. You got it, babe. - Let's hold her in the air. - Five! Seven, eight. One, three. Come on, Jerry! Five, hold her! Yes, Jerry! Yes! Get her up! Flip this bitch! Flip this bitch! - Hold her! - Get her up, bitch. - Hold her. - I got it! Yay! Yes! Yes! Yeah! That one hit. Yeah. Period! - Good job, Jerry. - I'm getting a drink. Okay, y'all. It's past time, so y'all get a break. I'm gonna be reevaluating things, so tomorrow we'll figure it out. - Whoo! - Can I hold your hand? - I'm so proud of you. - Thank you, love. I love you. Did you say we're doing the stunts outside tomorrow? Yes. Okay. Stunters, remember it's the same as in here. Like, last year it was a little weird transitioning to outside, but it definitely helps in the long run. That's gonna be you. But, yeah, just be ready for it. Boo-yah, boo-yah, boo-yah! - I am so proud of you. - Thank you. - I really am. - I know. - I'm proud of you too. - I'm proud of you, because it takes a lot to do that, especially under pressure like that. Yeah. And, it was doing good even without the reps today, - and imagine it with reps. - Yeah, imagine it with reps. - Like, that would be... - Amazing. - But I'm proud of you. - Thank you. I love you. It would be a huge change. They're two very different types of cheerleaders. Basically, I would need to start from the beginning and redo the whole routine. But, I'm not scared to make that decision if I have to. I can't have someone that's not trying their best, whatever their reasons are. My job is to make sure the team is at its best, and if there's a bad apple, it's gotta go. I don't want that for La'Darius, but that's potentially what could happen, and he would not be out there competing even though he's technically one of the most talented ones on the team. We're trying to piece together the whole thing. Are you on the mat right now? I am on the mat right now. I am on the mat right now. Yes. Is it Camilla, or is it Janelle? It kind of hurts that I'm in, like, kind of, his spot right now. But I just hope that whatever, like, happens, it doesn't affect us because we are roommates, and I love him to death, and I would never want to see him, like, upset in any way. But, like I said, it's whatever's good for the team, you know? I just think he's hiding a little bit of his emotion. If you would've packed more than one pair of jeans, - you wouldn't be bitching, bitch. - Did you hear that, La'Darius? - You can't control me. - Listen up, bitter bitch. Okay, so, chapter nine is about memory. When we talk about memory, we think about encoding, storage, and retrieval. Now, I do want to write "emotion" under encoding. If you have something that happened to you when you were really young, and you remember it very clearly, there's probably some kind of emotion tied with it. So, emotion can encode information very easily, and for a long, long-term time. Theoretically forever. That it's permanent. It's permanent. When I first started my daycare with the kids, I had a trampoline that I'd bought from the school. And, I got so many kids from the neighborhood... to play along with my kids, till I started charging 'em a quarter hour. I thought that would run 'em off. No, they would be lined up. I've always had kids, always. And, they'd get on that tree and climb, sometimes they'd go from here to the front, as boys would do. And that is a part of a swing, and it had two or three swings. They'd swing back here. I loved those boys. La'Darius and his older brothers were part of my daycare for mornings, nights, evenings, weekends. They stayed over quite a bit because their mom was young, and she had the kids to raise by herself, so she had to work. When they were first born, everything was good, but I got into the wrong crowd, hanging with the wrong people. Yes, I was doing drugs. I got into some trouble, and when I got into trouble, I went to prison, did five years. I gave Miss Edeora temporary custody, but I told the oldest one, "No matter what we going through, y'all four boys gon' stay together no matter what." My grandma raised him and his other brothers. So, I consider them to be my brothers. D was... We call him D, but La'Darius was the crazy one, like, outgoing, bubbly. He always followed me around. I was a cheerleader from middle school to high school. And, like, whenever I would go to, like, practices or stuff, he would actually come out there and, like, tumble with us. And everybody's like, "Brekiana, is that your little brother out there flipping?" And I'm like, "Yeah, that's-- that's D!" Get it! - That's D? - Yes. - He's singing the words. - Singing them. Yeah. What you doing? You was doing the most. He would always do something to draw attention to himself. And his older brothers, I mean, you could say that they picked on him because he hung out with me and my friends, and they would be like, "Go hang out with some guys" or whatever. But... yeah. No, they definitely gave him a hard time. My two younger brothers, I had to make 'em tough. I knew what we were going through. Our dad wasn't there and things like that, so I tried to be there for my brothers, and I felt like them younger two were my-- my boys, regardless of what age I was. So, I would wrestle with them every chance I got. I'm bumping them, I'm pushing them over, I'm hitting them in the chest, or I'm doing something to make them tough, toughen their skin up because nobody else would've been. When he first started going through those phases, trying to be the best he can at that sport by being around all those... females, I just felt like, if you're gonna be something, you don't have to, you know, be extra or you don't have to go extreme in that situation. We gonna be Nicki Minaj. I'm Nicki Minaj right now, you know how she got the pink wig. La'Darius would be getting ready for school, and he'd have on, like, tights and shorts. And, they'd be like, "What do you got on? What are you doing?" Like, "Take that off. You're not going to school looking like that." Like, "If you do, we don't know you, we're not talking to you." Like... he was always kind of pushed away. My brothers were always calling me fruity or calling me sugary. They would make me feel like I was not a part of the family to one point where they really said, "No Marshall is gay." There were several fights where they were both, like, ganging up on him, trying to "beat him into a man," as they would say. Your own brothers turning on you, jumping you, beating you up just because of something at first they speculated, until I actually said, "Yeah, I am. And what about it?" I'm not scared." Being extra might have hurt him in ways of people not understanding, but I think it's helped him in many ways to... mold him into that person that he is. There's no reason to change who you are for anybody, so, I say keep on being extra. He's extra. I love that sport so much. I love it so much. It was exciting to me. It was like it was feeding me. It was, like, giving me a purpose, it was giving me my why. There are so many people that said that I would never be anything and that I will never do anything good. That's what really made me set out to be a great cheerleader. I wanted to be the best in every aspect. I wanted to be a better stunter. I wanted to be more stronger. I wanted to really prove myself that I was man enough to do it. With all the different things that he went through growing up, his emotions, they're all over the place. Like, he's been through a lot. You-- You don't know what all he's been through. Ready? Sherbs, come here real quick. Are we tumbling? Y'all are tumbling because I'm off mat. I'm still an alternate right now. La'Darius, come here real quick. All right, I need y'all to have a talk. I don't care what the situation is. I don't want to know, but I just need y'all to discuss your... whatever is happening. - Cool? - Okay. You have five minutes. So, like, what's... Like, what is-- what is the issue? Because I have Monica coming to my dorm, and she said that I called you fat, and stuff like that. I'm sorry, do you mind if we film this, or is this a private-- - It's private. - This is private. - Okay. - And, she had called me... You know how when people put, like, pre-wrap on their knee and roll it up? Can I do that for my wrist? Would that work the same or probably not? - You could try. - Okay, come on. Keke might have to redo this because I don't know what I'm doing. You know what I'm talking about, when they roll-- - Yeah. - Okay. - Yeah! Wow, like... - Yeah? Keke, I'm trying out to be a trainer next year. That feels great. Now, I'm gonna be saving the stunts and putting 'em in the air. So, wipe your tears away. Let's do this. Who do you want to talk to first? Sherbs? That's really the only opinion I care about right now. Right. So, what's going on? Good. He said he's gonna start, like, trying, and he, like, apologized and everything. Obviously, I don't want things to have to change because that's, like... - It messes up the stunt. - Obviously. I know. I don't either. Do you want to give that a chance and just see? Like... Yeah, we can just give it a chance. Well, I almost feel like we need to talk, like, every day-ish or, you know what I mean? You and I. I'm gonna have your back no matter what. So... Your thighs are big. - My thighs? - Yeah. - Be ready, she might call you in. - Jeez, I hope so. Dope. There was something because my shoulder hurts. Let's go, y'all. Hang on, I'm not ready. I have a-- I'm thinking. Come here. La'Darius. After thinking for just a second. Yeah. Do you hear it? Feel it. - Yeah. - Ouch. - That's not normal, is it? - No. - Awkward moment. - Jerry, we have to switch. - ... That's what she said? - Yep. Okay. Fantastic. Y'all, get in the pyramid. All right, let's do the whole thing. Let's hit it. Ready? And... Five, six, seven, eight. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight! - Count! - One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Hey, I'm confused why the people that sit on the side are not counting. Do your part. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, count. - One, two, three, four... - Five, seven. And one, hold, three, five, hold her, seven. - Get her, one... - Two, three, four, five, seven, and one, three, five, seven. And one, three, five... Come on, y'all! Okay. Okay. Get her up! Okay. Five, seven and one, three, five... Hold! Hold! And one, three, five, seven. - And one... - Three, yes, wait, seven, eight. Hold her! Hold! Hold! One, three, five, six, seven, eight. One. Did you see that leg? - That is so off! - Y'all was counting too slow. - Yeah. - I was in there, like this. Okay, okay, but we hit the pyramid! Bye-bye. He counted, don't talk to me. Do it again! Start from here. Do it again! I love it. - God. - Here we go! Basically, what happened, um... I was, like, used as an example. That, like, anybody can get, like, their... like, it's never, like, you're not, like, safe. But La'Darius wasn't getting moved from that spot, because, like, he's, like, really useful in a routine. So, he wasn't really going anywhere. So, I was just put in there for that day. So, it didn't really count as, like, being on mat, but I thought it did, but it didn't. So, yeah... I hate school. Everyone's like, "What's your major?" I'm like, "Cheerleading." - Cheerleading. - Cheer's my major. Why are they calling me? We were worried because we hadn't heard from you, and I didn't know if, like, maybe you had gotten--  You know me, I'm crazy. I thought maybe you got in an accident going home and, you know, it was not showing, like--  I always look for you on Snapchat to see where you're at, and it was--  Okay, I'm at study hall right now. Can I, like, please call you back? You got your Arbonne thing in. Are you going to use that? Did you get that so you could use it? - Um... - Okay. Well, good, I'm glad. Anyways, um... Gabi? - I'm not trying to do all that. - Get back into it. No.That wasn't a good one. John Michael! No, no! No, everybody away! You know, honestly, Gabi is in so many magazines. I-- I-- I haven't even been able to keep up with as many things as she's been in. That's Gabi. That's Gabi. Gabi's work ethic is second to nobody. Gabi will work herself like a mule. But, she's not gonna be one of those kids that in four years she graduates with her bachelor's degree. But that's okay because Gabi has a career. Gabi's had a career for many years, and Gabi does... better than people who go to 40-hour-week works with master's degrees in some cases. So... I'll kinda leave that there. Gabi, what's up with... Maybe we could do, like, a giveaway or something? Like, Gabi doing a giveaway for the bikini blog. My dad saw the opportunity of every time Gabi posts a bikini picture, you know, everybody's like, "Where'd you get that bikini? Where'd you get that bikini?" And, we live in Florida, and we literally love bikinis, and we spend so much money on bikinis, like, why don't we start our own bikini line? So, Gabi is the promotion. Gabi's the marketing. Um, you know, when she wants to be. So, giveaway soon, bikini blog? You down? And, how about some love on the 'gram when you wear the bikinis? - Sure. I got you. - You got me? In the caption too? - Yeah. - Okay. Got us, because this was, you know, supposed to be our thing. Yeah, I want her to be more involved, um, but she's young If you would just write the caption that you want her to use and send her the picture, she'll post it. And if she won't do it, send it to me. I'll make sure she gets it done. Without question, managing Gabi's career, managing the opportunities that she has, takes a tremendous amount of time, but it's been tremendously rewarding. It's been a great financial opportunity for Gabi over the years, and so I've always felt that it was my responsibility as a parent to try to make her make the best out of that situation, to be able to monetize it if she could, and really to learn from it, to learn life experience. Gabi! Did you make the video? - No, I need to make it. - Really? Seriously? I can have Mike drive while I'm doing the video. I told you! I need that tonight. I have to send it to her. Okay! You need to stop procrastinating on stuff. You had all day long to do it. Okay, but-- but-- "Okay..." You have no defense when you start with "okay," so just shut up at that point and say, "I'm sorry." Okay. She has a super tough mentality, but the pressure is definitely something that she feels more now. The criticisms can be very harsh online. There's a lot of very, very catty, petty, envious, just hateful people. I really do care what people say. If I have a thousand good comments, but I have one bad one, I always harp on the bad ones and, like, just let it, like, get in my head almost. There was one time when someone said something along the lines of, you know, "Gabi Butler is just some girl that a lot of people look up to, but really, like, she... is not a good person, and she's a bitch," and, like, "She's supposed to be Gabi Butler, but she's not good anymore." You know, my insecurities start coming out, and I'm like, "Wow, is that true? Like, that really hurt." And... it just, like, it was someone who didn't even know me. So, I was really hurt by it and... I mean, it just, it went on in my head for a really long time and I was, like, "Wow, like, I just don't want to even post anything," like, I wanted to delete all my social media because I was like, "I can't do all this stuff." This is a marketing opportunity to be able to get more customers. The more you can build that customer base-- Trying to keep it simple right now with, like... You know, she's experienced the wrath of, you know, social media on her if she makes a mistake in a competition. Anyone else on the team makes a mistake, people might say, "The team made a mistake," but when Gabi makes a mistake, it's "Gabi Butler made a mistake." I'm not ready. Like, I'm not ready. - I'm gonna die today. - It's just gonna happen. This is your first full-out. It's your first step to getting better. It really is. And I know it's going to be hard, but you give everything you have to this team. Like, you have got to dig down deep. And-- And, y'all, pray for La'Darius. He has the hardest part. So, if you have times to breathe, just remember some people don't. Literally, some people don't have two seconds to breathe throughout the entire routine. So when you do, every place that you can find to mat talk them, do it. - Yes? - Yes! All right. Y'all go ahead. - It's gonna happen, fast. - High energy. Just talk to each other. It'll be fine. Do your job. Everyone has their own job. Don't worry about anybody else's. Do your job to the best of your ability, and let's hit this. I want to hear Monica's heels clicking after that pyramid. - I want... - Where's La'Darius? ...to have everyone freaking out, okay? I promise you, if you look out on the floor, and she's going crazy, it, like, puts a second wave of energy into you. - Repeat after me, we can. - We can. - We will. We must. - We will. We must. - We can. We will. We must. - We can. We will. We must. Let's go! NC! NC! NC! NC! NC! NC! NC! - NC! - Let's go! You gotta squat! Yes! Throw! Get it up, Brooke. Let's go! Let's go! We're not tired! - Twist up! - How bad do you want it? Get up! Get up! Hold it! Come on. Breathe! Hold it! It's really hard. Yeah, full-out! Yes! You gotta push! Like... I have, like, no energy at all. I can tell. You got it, babe. Y'all, some of y'all didn't throw your tumbling full-out. You need to go throw that right now while you're tired. That's part of the conditioning. Let me do these while I'm... - Let's go, Gabi. - Go on, Gabi. Come on, Gabi! Come on, Gabs. You got it. - Come on, Gabi. - Come on, Gabi. You got this. I hate being the mistake. Push. Let's go. Come on! You literally are with the best of the best cheerleaders when you come here. I didn't do any fulls. I was literally too tired. - Come on, Gabi! - Push! Push! You know, there are some times where you're, like, "Am I even good enough to be here?" Come on, Gabs. Lift! Lift! There you go. That one hurt. That one hurt. That one hurt. I feel like a lot of people are like, "She's supposed to be Gabi Butler. You're supposed to be able to do anything." This routine is just really hard. Breathe. Like, I don't know if I can do it. You can do it, because you're Gabi Butler. There is people who did not make Navarro. Like, that was their first school they thought about, the first thing they signed up for, to try to get into Navarro, and they wish they could be in your spot. And to see some people just not performing, like, that's your heart and your passion, because I have a passion for cheerleading. If you're not performing that part, then what is the point in even going full-out with the rest of the team? Because I gotta know that your blood, sweat and tears are going to be put on this mat with me. Because I should not be outperforming this entire section of people. Period. I need-- No, I'm not saying, you ain't gotta be like me, but I'm talking about I wanna see it. Some people look like they're going through the motions. I wanna see it. I feel like I'm more mental than I am, like, physical right now. Like, I'm thinking about it too much. Way too much, and I think, like, it's affecting, what you're throwing. I don't really know if it's, like, because I'm scared to fall, - um, but I'm gonna-- - Don't be scared to fall. Like, yeah. I think the main thing is I just think about it too much. Like, I'm like, in my head, like, "" you know, "I don't want to die," but... - You know? - I don't want you to die. I just have to get it, like, out of my brain to where I'm like, "Okay, if I fall, I'm just gonna fall and we're gonna-- " But you're not gonna fall if you go 100, that's what I'm saying. It's when you try to hold back, that's when you hurt your ankle. I mean, you have to build up your confidence. You gotta start, like, you know? Because otherwise if you don't, you're... because once you get your confidence built up, I think it'll be fine. But then also, you didn't make up the rest of your tumbling, and I feel like everybody's looking at you as a leader, so make sure that you throw the tumbling or make up the tumbling and then we gotta work on this. - Yeah. I promise you I will-- - Okay. ...not think as much, I promise. - Okay. I think Monica knows that I, like, I'm gonna be, like-- - Yeah. - ...right where I was. I think I just need to stop overthinking it. I really do overthink everything. Honestly, my body better look right for Daytona. Dude, my whole body cracks. Like, I feel so old. My neck is so sore and, like, stiff from pyramid. You literally get tossed like a rag doll. I literally don't know what I'm doing. I close my eyes and I'm like, "Just catch me." I really hope that tonight's not going to be long. Y'all, go to the pyramid, and let's do this beginning part really quick. It's definitely hard... On the body, on the mental aspect of it. Let's go! You know, it's not about just doing it right. It's about doing it so many times until you just can't get it wrong. Hey, does it feel hard to throw Sherbs on that throw-over? I feel like she's always right there on the edge. So, Alex, come up just a teeny bit more. Just get a tiny bit closer, because she's always right there hanging off. It's all about conditioning. We do a lot of repetitions just to make sure that being on the floor and being tired and being in pain, they will be able to handle it. Okay, here we go. One more. Everyone just needs to just take a deep breath in and, "This is it. Like, we have to do it all together. It's all or nothing." It really is the only part of the whole routine that requires truly everyone. All 20 people are doing the same section, working together, and if one of those 20 is not doing their job, something will go wrong. My God! My God! My God! Move! Go sit down! My God! - Do I need to call Cameron? - Yes. Help me. We're okay, babe. You want me to call Cameron? Calm down. It's okay. - My God. - It's okay. Where's my cell phone? Is there ice anywhere? No, she needs more than ice. I think she really hurt her arm. Fifty. It's okay. It's okay. Straighten up. Straighten up. Just breathe. Focus on your breathing. Focus on your breathing. In your nose, out your mouth. Breathe, Sherbie. Look at me. You're okay. You're okay. You're okay. Just relax. Just hold my hand. You're good. Just hold my hand. Hey, is Cameron still over there? Cameron. Yeah, I need him to come up here. Did it pop out? Did it pop out? It looked like it bent a way it wasn't supposed to bend. like hyperextended hard as fuck? Either hyperextended or maybe even broke it. I don't know. I hope not. It's okay. Just breathe. Okay, listen. We need to let somebody look at it. It's definitely swollen, okay? But you're gonna be fine. It hurts. I know, baby, but that's why we're... I'm sorry. We gonna take her in my car? We're gonna... take her over here to the... get it looked at. So, y'all throw away your trash. Y'all can go. No, it looks bad. I just didn't want to say that to her, because I didn't want to freak her out any more. Everyone say a quick prayer, please. Lord, we just ask you to put your hand over Mackenzie as she goes to the hospital right now. And, we just hope that everything is gonna be okay, and that she can recover quickly. Lord, just put your hand over her and help her, Lord. - In your name we pray, Amen. - Amen. That may have been her last rep. It's upsetting, it's hard, but, you know, like... it's part of sports, and it's part of life, and, you know, things happen. And, how you respond to them is what makes you a better person, a better athlete, it's what makes you succeed in life, okay? But we're gonna get through this. Got it? Yes? Don't let this bring us down, guys. Huge, huge thing we're going to have to overcome as a team. Come on, guys. We can do this. - One, two, three... - Dogs, sniff where? You! Yeah! Hey, Gabi. Get all of her stuff. People are, like, freaking out, because there is literally nothing that this kid isn't in. Mackenzie is a super important part in the routine, and with Daytona so close, we're screwed. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 