Giada at Home: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Giada at Home 
 s1e6 - A Family Thanksgiving - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Giada at Home (2008–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - A Family Thanksgiving - full transcript 
 Giada's Thanksgiving menu includes "Poached Pears in Honey, Ginger and Cinnamon Syrup", "Sweet and Savory Bread Pudding" and "Spiced Turkey Breast". 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Wow. - Thanksgiving is my favorite holiday. Does it look good. Yeah. I love the food, the tradition and just hanging out with my family. Is anybody ready for dessert? And every year, a few of us get together and play a game of bocce ball on the beach. It's sort of the Italian version of bowling... I'm gonna head on out and start cooking. But it gets pretty competitive, so I like to escape early and start cooking. This year I've come up with a menu 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 that won't take me all day to make. The star, of course, is my spiced turkey breast-- succulent and tender, with a spicy crust that's loaded with texture and flavor. And to that, my sweet and savory bread pudding-- a family favorite that really hits the spot. And for dessert, poached pears in honey, ginger and cinnamon syrup. It's a sweet and elegant finish to the holiday. But my family's not completely off the hook. I've asked everyone to bring a little something to fill out the table. It just makes the holiday more fun. Closed captions provided by scripps networks, llc. Captioned by closed captioning services, inc. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Ohh! And I get the point. So the competition was getting fierce out there, so I had to retreat to the kitchen. You know, every year i like to do something a little untraditional, and I thought it'd be really fun to do a nice spice rub, actually, on the turkey. So I'm gonna start with two cloves of garlic. And my whole family, pretty much, only eats white-meat turkey. So I figured, what was the point of cooking a whole turkey when nobody really eats the dark meat? So I figured, you know what? I'm only gonna do a turkey breast this year. Make it easy on myself, get to hang out, play a little bocce on the beach and hang out with my family a little bit more by just making a turkey breast. So we're gonna start with two cloves of garlic. And let's grab some spices. So I'm gonna do some oregano, some chili powder, cumin and allspice. We'll do all four of those. And I want to get the measurements just right, so we're gonna start with 2 teaspoons of cumin. And it's nice and warm and spicy, and it'll be really good on the turkey. And we'll do 1 teaspoon of allspice... And 1 tablespoon of oregano, right in there. The oregano is really nice. It's still in that warm family. It's hearty, so it works really well with the other spices. And 2 teaspoons of chili powder, 'cause we're gonna give it a nice warm kick. Already they smell really good. Nice and warm--what you want the holidays to smell like. We need a little mustard, we need brown sugar, and I need some chicken stock, which I'll use in a minute. So we'll start with the brown sugar, and I need a tablespoon. A little sweetness, and that little bit of molasses flavor, too, which I really like, and a 1/4 of a cup of mustard. And I like to use the ground mustard 'cause I like the seeds in it. It gives a nice texture on top of the bird. And mix this all together. Here we go. Now we need a little bit of moisture, so we're gonna add a teaspoon of olive oil. And that should just about do it. Mix it all together. It smells really good. The wine in the grain mustard gives it so much flavor. All right, so now let's grab the turkey. So the deal with the turkey-- I basically bought a 4 1/2-, 5-pound turkey breast. And what I want to do is just put the rub right on it and use my hands and just kind of massage it out and create a nice crust. And then it kind of just mixes in, and I just put a little bit under the skin in the back, too, just so it kind of gets right onto the white meat. All right, so there we're done. I'm gonna wash my hands. Hands washed. Let's get the veggies. I'm gonna grab some cipollini onions and some carrots, which I think will work really nice with the turkey. We're also gonna grab some parsnips and some butternut squash, which I'll keep to use in a minute for my sweet and savory bread pudding. Right now I just need the carrots. Get rid of those. The cipollini onions, i basically just peel them like you would any onion. And, you know, if you don't want to do cipollini onions or you can't find the cipollini onions, it's no biggie. You can just use pearl onions, if you want to, or a regular onion and just cut it up. We'll save that and use that in a bit. And I take my carrots and I just cut them in chunks, just like this. I just toss 'em right in there. It adds a nice color, too. Flavor and color. All right, so we got all that. Now we need a little bit of chicken broth, about 2 cups of chicken broth to keep the turkey nice and moist through the cooking process. So we're gonna cook it at 350 degrees for 45 minutes, just like this, to get a nice crust going on the top of the turkey. Then I'm gonna cover it with a little bit of tin foil and cook it again for another 45 minutes. There we go. Let's pop this in the oven. Bye-bye, turkey. All right, so now that the turkey is in the oven, I'm gonna get started on the veggies for my bread pudding. It's a sweet and savory bread pudding, and I'm gonna use two things that I like a lot, butternut squash and parsnips. So what I want to do is just add the butternut squash right in there. Now during Thanksgiving time, you can find peeled and cut butternut squash, and I think it's the best thing in the whole world. So I don't have to worry about it, and again, it makes making a Thanksgiving meal a lot easier. So a little salt, a little pepper. And I like to get a head start on it, 'cause it needs about five minutes or so to sort of start to soften, 'cause it's not gonna cook all the way through in the oven if you don't start cooking it a little bit ahead of time. And to the butternut squash, I'm gonna add some parsnips. And so they're kind of like potatoes in the starch department, but they look and sort of have the same taste as carrots. So I really like 'em. We'll add the parsnips. Everything should be about the same size so it all cooks at the same time. So now I take all the parsnips-- and they smell really good, sweet-- and a little salt and a little more pepper, just to flavor them. So we'll cook these down for about five minutes. And up next, I'm gonna start on the yummiest, most rich part of my bread pudding, a delicious cream sauce that turns this dish into true comfort food. Bocce ball on the beach is a Thanksgiving tradition in my family, and while they play, i cook some family favorites. Is giada making the bread pudding this year? Always. Awesome. So my butternut squash and parsnips have been cooking for five minutes, so they're nice and soft. Just turn off the heat and let it cool, while I start on my challah bread for this bread pudding. It's gonna be so good. And I love using challah 'cause it's so rich and buttery, so it really add a lot of flavor and texture and that yummy-ness to the bread pudding. And I know someone in my family, my brother Igor, who's gonna be very excited about this. I don't make it every year. So I kind of switch it up, you know, and make different things every year, but I know he loves this, so he's gonna be very excited about it. And I'm just gonna cut it in about 1-inch cubes. If you can't find challah bread, you can always use brioche or sourdough bread or even just sliced white bread. No biggie. All right, so time for the custard. Let's grab eggs, cream and Brandy. We need eight eggs to make this nice and rich. All right, last egg. All righty, so now I'm just gonna break up my egg yolks, give it a quick little whisk. So now time for a little cream. Grab my measuring cup. We're gonna need 3 cups of heavy cream. Now you can't cut corners with this. It's gotta be the rich cream. It just gives the bread pudding a whole different flavor. 3 cups of heavy cream. And it's Thanksgiving, so you gotta go all out, you just do. A little bit of Brandy, about 3/4 of a cup of Brandy. And I want each dish to kind of stand out on its own, and the Brandy makes it special, and it makes it very festive and very holiday-like. And a 1/4 cup of vegetable oil. And you need a little vegetable oil just to kind of keep everything nice and moist. So we're done with that. Now just give it a quick little mix, and we're gonna add some brown sugar, 3 tablespoons of brown sugar. You want that nice sweetness of the brown sugar right in there. Two and three. We're done with that. Get rid of those. Give it a quick little whisk. And now, to really make it holiday flavored and a wonderful aroma to everything, some ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons of ground cinnamon. And I love cinnamon. It's very Thanksgiving-ish. And I know it sounds like a lot, but really and truly it goes so well with the butternut squash and the parsnip. It's super yummy. So we're just gonna give this a quick little mix. I love the smell of cinnamon. Just mix that all together. And a little bit of thyme, just a few leaves of thyme. It's really just for a little bit of color and some fresh flavor. And it's nice and hearty, so I think it's very much part of the Thanksgiving flavors. It smells nice and lemony, and a little bit goes a long way with the thyme, so just need a little bit. All right, so now take the bread, and we just pour the custard right over the bread. Ooh, nice. Get it all in there. There we go. And then I just kind of toss it all together. Grab the spoons, and the bread slowly absorbs the custard. And you want to be really gentle, because I want to have it nice and chunky. I mean, that's what, to me, bread pudding is all about, the nice big chunks of bread. And want to add... The parsnip and the butternut squash that's cooled. And again, give it a quick little toss, just to make sure that all the veggies get mixed into the custard. Oh, my goodness. They're all gonna love this. It's gonna be so good. So now I grab my baking dish, and I've already buttered the dish. And put that in there, and pour the whole mixture into the baking pan. There we go. And I put the baking pan on top of a baking sheet. That way if anything drips in the oven while it's baking, this catches it, and my oven is nice and clean. Spread it out. We're gonna bake this at 400 degrees for 40 to 45 minutes, until the top is nice and golden brown. Then there's always room for dessert, and my poached pears add a touch of elegance. Bocce ball on the beach is a Thanksgiving tradition in my family. So while the competition heats up, I cook some family favorites. I love poached pears, and I thought it'd be a really nice way to end the Thanksgiving meal and make it really elegant. So I'm just gonna finish peeling the rest of my pears here. Last one. And I cored all of them. So we're gonna put the pears back here, and I'm gonna get started on my poaching liquid. So I'm just gonna grab my pan, and let's go grab some dessert wine. So I've got some Moscato. Now Moscato is an Italian dessert wine, which I just love. It's very refreshing, and it's slightly sweet. It tastes so yummy. So we're gonna mix it with a few other things, one of them being honey. There we go. Leave that there, and we're gonna use-- ohh. It has this beautiful aroma-- this whole bottle of Moscato wine. It's kind of a traditional poaching liquid, except I'm gonna add one untraditional ingredient right at the end to it. But I love doing it with this. It just makes it so fruity and festive. Okay, so now that we've got that, I'm gonna grab honey, 'cause it's slightly sweetened with honey, so it'll be good with honey, some cinnamon sticks and some vanilla bean. Now because the Moscato has little hints of honey, I thought it'd be really nice to add a little more honey to it. 2 tablespoons, so I just squeeze it in there. Yummy. And two cinnamon sticks. And I just drop them in there, and as it simmers for about 15 or 20 minutes, all the powdered cinnamon comes out into the poaching liquid. And in cooking school and when i worked in restaurants, we used a lot of poaching liquids, and we made all different ones, but this was one of my favorites. So I take the vanilla bean, and I just cut it in half, just so the seeds from the inside can come off into the poaching liquid. Just like that. So as it simmers, in slowly infuses in there. And for something special, the ginger. Now the ginger is a little bit different, and I really like it in here. Again, it's that warmth without adding spice, you know? It works so well. So I just want to peel all of the skin off of it, and then I just chop it. So there, and then some simple syrup. And it's just 2 cups of sugar and 2 cups of water. I dissolve the sugar in the water. All right, so now I just want to give it a quick little stir. There we go. And turn on the heat. I just want to kind of move the honey around, 'cause I want the honey to melt into the poaching liquid. So grab the pears, and take the pears-- I take 'em by the stem--that's why I like leaving the stem-- and I just gently place them in the poaching liquid. Just want to be gentle with them. There we go. And then you just bring the poaching liquid up to a boil and then down to a simmer, and let the pears simmer for about 15 or 20 minutes until they're nice and tender. While these cook, I'm gonna go set up the Thanksgiving table. I like to keep it casual, but elegant. Place mats in a warm seasonal tone, white dishes to really showcase the food and simple stemware for an uncluttered look. A couple of candles to add sparkle, but low and simple so there's lots of room left on the table for big platters of food. So the table's set, and I can smell the pears. Ooh, they look beautiful. All right, time to take the pears out. And what I do is I let the poaching liquid reduce down for another 15 minutes so it's nice and thick, and then I can serve it with the pears. And I can smell the turkey, too. So next, my turkey gets the finishing touch, a quick and easy gravy to top off the holiday. In my family, it wouldn't be Thanksgiving without a game of bocce ball on the beach, and while they play, I put the finishing touches on our holiday dinner. Dinnertime! I hear the dinner bell. Dinnertime. Hopefully, everybody's done playing bocce, because dinner is just about ready. And I know they're gonna be starving when they get here, so I gotta hurry this up. Look how pretty this looks. Everybody's bringing a little something, so we're gonna have some cranberry sauce, some cornbread. Okay, so now I'm gonna grab this hot baking dish, and now what I want to do is pour the remainder of all of the cooking juice in here to make gravy. So pour it all in there. Ohh. Yummy, yummy, yummy. Get rid of this. And we're gonna add a little bit of flour to this. So we'll grab a whisk, and what I want to do is slowly add the flour. So let's turn on the stove. We're gonna add 2 tablespoons of flour. You kind of want to add the flour and then quickly start whisking, so that way, you can kind of dissolve the flour into the cooking liquid. And the flour will thicken this and create a really delicious gravy. And it's gonna take about five minutes to thicken up. And we are ready to sit down to our Thanksgiving feast. - Hey. - Hey, you guys. happy Thanksgiving. Hi, juju. How are you, buddy? Hi, guys. Mwah, mwah. Hey. Ooh, you brought stuff. Hello, happy Thanksgiving. You brought something, too. For you. Of course. Do I ever come empty-handed? Come on. Give me a break. All right, you and Todd sit down, you guys come with me. Come on back here. Help me out. Hi, baby. Hi, baby. All right, I'm gonna bring the bread pudding out. Igor, this is your favorite thing ever. This looks so good. Ooh. That looks so yummy. Look at this. All right you guys, who wants some wine? I do. Okay, some white wine. Is that too big of a glass for you. No. Does it look good?  Looks great. How is she doing, honey? Do you want me to hold her for a bit? Why don't you serve yourself, and I'll hold the little munchkie. The little munchkie. Hi, little munchkin. - Go ahead, start. - Juju, you hungry, honey? - A little. - For you, buddy. Thank you. Here we go. Here, giada. Thank you. How was your game, you guys? Who won by the way? 'Cause I heard stories. Very-- no, no, no. It was very close... I did. - But he won. - Todd won. It's 'cause I beat him the last time. We let Todd win. You let Todd win? I have more practice. Giada, what's on the outside? This looks really good. There's a crust on the outside. It's a spice crust. Allspice and cumin, a little garlic... Mmm. Oregano. All good stuff. You know what? I'm gonna go put her to bed. I'll be right back. You guys continue eating. - Say good night. Good night. - Good night. Good night, baby. She's gonna go to bed. She's going to go to sleep. Not me.  Not you, no you're a big boy. Only jade is going to sleep. Not you, honey. I'll be right back. - Here you go. - Thank you. Yummy, yummy.  Oh, these veggies are so good. Are they good? Mm-hmm. Julian, what are you doing, buddy? - Are you done eating all these? - Nice. Mm-hmm. Okay. Ooh. Bread pudding's good. Mmm. That is so good. Is that everything you've been waiting for? All day. For the last 24 hours. Every minute. All right, so is anybody ready for dessert? I am. - I know somebody over there is. - Mm-hmm. Julian, do you want some ice cream? - Yeah! - Yeah! Ice cream. Look at this. Is that a pear? I love pears. Look what I got for you! Oh, a big boy one. All right. So ice cream for everybody. Fantastic. Yummy. And these are poached pears, you guys. Mmm. I thought it was an elegant way to end the holiday. Mmm. Very sophisticated. Look. Ice cream. Is it yummy, yummy? Well, thanks for coming over, guys. Oh, thank you. happy Thanksgiving. Thanks for coming over. happy Thanksgiving. - This is so good. - Thank you. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 