Giada at Home: Season 1, Episode 28 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Giada at Home 
 s1e28 - Food and Fun - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Giada at Home (2008–…): Season 1, Episode 28 - Food and Fun - full transcript 
 Giada creates a dinner that she feels will be loved by both children and adults. The three recipes shared are "Zucchini and Olive Flatbread", "Cauliflower and Bacon Gratin" and "Mascarpone Chocolate Toffee Bars". 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Todd, are you gonna start the game? Sure, shall we eat and play? Yeah, eat and play. I'm having some friends over tonight for some fun and games. Poker for the grownups, twister for the kids, and a menu for everyone. Zucchini and olive flatbread -- caramelized zucchini and salty olives smothered in a two-cheese topping. Cauliflower and bacon gratin -- a veggie dish that kids love thanks to crispy breadcrumbs, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 crumbled bacon, and even more cheese. And chocolate toffee mascarpone bars -- cookie dough, chopped candy bars, and chocolate. Need I say more? It's food and fun for everyone. Left foot green. There's no room, i can't move. I'm starting with dessert first and not just because i love dessert, but because these chocolate toffee mascarpone bars need some time to set up in the fridge. What I love about these is that they are elegant and perfect for adults and the perfect little treat for the kids as well. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I have one pound of sugar cookie dough and it's just store-bought sugar cookie dough and I think it works really well in here. I'm gonna show you how I'm gonna doctor this up and make it all my own. Two of these chocolate toffee candy bars, and what I like to do is chop them up nice and fine. And what we'll do is add half of it inside the cookie dough and the other half, we'll reserve it and add it on top so we get the crunch on the inside and the crunch on the outside too. You need a nice sharp knife. There we go. And you want to cut it up in small pieces so it can kind of melt in the cookie dough and that you don't have huge chunks on top either. So now that we've got that, grab the bowl, half of it goes inside and the other half we are going to reserve. There we go. So we'll leave that for a little bit later. Then I also want to add some vanilla extract, so let's grab that. And that's what I said, I'm gonna doctor this up and make it all my own and no one's ever gonna know that it is prepared cookie dough. There's so many great things on the market these days that really makes baking a lot easier. So 1/2 teaspoon of pure vanilla extract and I'll take a spoon and I mix this all together. You kind of break it up and make sure that it all gets incorporated really well. It even smells really good. Perfect, so now i grab my baking sheet and I just sprayed cooking spray all over it and then I put a piece of parchment paper over it and I sprayed the parchment paper just to make sure that I can just lift it all up like this and cut it into bars and nothing will stick. Then just put the dough right in the center there... And I kind of just press it. If the cookie dough gets sticky just wet your hands a little bit with water. And you want a nice, even layer. And it bakes up so sugary and so buttery, it's so good. Now I prick it with a fork just so it doesn't grow too much in the oven and it stays nice and flat. And we're gonna bake it at 350 degrees for 12-14 minutes until it's light and golden all around the sides. So while that bakes let's get started on the topping. We've got chocolate chips, so we're gonna do one cup of semi-sweet chocolate chips. I love this, we're gonna melt the chocolate and then we're gonna add mascarpone to it and make it nice, thick, and rich as a topping on top of the cooked sugar cookie dough. There we go. And I've already heated up a little bit of water so we're doing like, a little water bath and patiently we're gonna wait for the chocolate chips to melt. The chocolate's melted, look how beautiful this is. It's just silky and rich and it shines and I love it. So now I want to take it off the heat. I want it to cool and I'm gonna grab my sugar cookie dough. Nice. This is exactly what you want. You want it to be nice and golden just like a tan on top. So I'm gonna let that cool and the chocolate cool. In the meantime I'm gonna go set up my living room. I've got a fun, little, grown-up table set up, so let's go. A piece of green felt cut to size turns any surface into a very cool poker table. And everyone gets their own little side table for food and drinks. Okay, looks like we're ready to shuffle. It looks so good in there. This is gonna be really fun. All right, my chocolate is cooled, so now it's time to add one cup of mascarpone cheese into the melted chocolate, basically almost this whole thing. The mascarpone is so nice. It's nice and mellow and creamy, it's perfect. And you see how you just mix it together and it creates a nice, thick, creamy topping. And that's why it's really important you cool the chocolate a little bit after you melt it so that it combines very nicely -- it's nice and smooth. Perfect. All right, so we'll grab the cooled cookie dough and all I do is basically add all of the chocolate and mascarpone mixture to the center and then I spread it all out, so you get a nice, thick layer. I just kind of spread it out and make sure it coats all of the cookie dough. And we're just about to add the crunch -- some toasted sliced almonds. And I just put 'em right over the top. It just makes it look really pretty and gourmet and it adds a little bit of crunch too. And remember the leftover chocolate toffee candy bar that we cut up earlier? Here we go right on top. So now we're gonna put it in the refrigerator and let it set for two hours. Then we'll lift it out and cut it into little bars. And up next, I'm gonna make one of my favorites, my cauliflower and bacon gratin. A rich and creamy dish that's loaded with bacon and layers of cheese. I'm starting with the breadcrumbs, which is the topping to my cauliflower and bacon gratin. And I have some sliced sourdough bread, three slices, and you want it to be day-old because we're gonna toast it with a little bit of butter and you don't want it to fall apart. So what I do is, i put it in the food processor and then we just... So now a little bit of butter in our pan. I'm gonna toast the breadcrumbs in a half a stick of unsalted butter. We'll put the stove about medium-high and just start melting the butter 'cause we're gonna add the breadcrumbs and get 'em nice and toasty. So we just toss the bread right in there. Let it all out, there we go. So while these toast up, let's start on my cauliflower. I'm gonna grab the cauliflower and just cut the bottom off. And I really, really like cauliflower and I think that it's a great way to get the kids to eat their vegetables is by just adding some bacon to it and some melted cheese and put it in the oven and what kid doesn't like that? It's almost like you're hiding the vegetables in the casserole itself. So I just cut it in little florets, it just breaks up on its own. And you could do this with broccoli if you wanted, just about anything, and we're gonna blanch it. Then it will finish cooking in the oven. And the water for the cauliflower is boiling so I'm gonna add some salt just to flavor it. Let's just add all of the cauliflower right in the boiling water. So while the cauliflower cooks let's get the cream and the cheese. The gruyere cheese we'll use in a little bit. First we're gonna start off with the cream. And we're gonna measure 3/4 cup of heavy cream. Now the cream adds that sauce that we need for the cauliflower to continue cooking in the oven. So 3/4 cup, there we go, of heavy cream. Then to that, we add some flour. We had one teaspoon of flour. Now the flour will thicken the sauce too. So just one teaspoon of flour and that's all you need to get it nice and thick. Just give it a quick, little whisk to kind of just dissolve the flour in the cream. Perfect. So now we're gonna swap bowls. We are gonna take the florets out of the boiling water because again, you only want to cook 'em for like a minute or two. Not too long 'cause you don't want 'em to get mushy once you bake 'em in the oven. So we'll turn the water off. There we go, and this is known as blanching. And the reason we are putting it in ice water is to bring the temperature down of the cauliflower so they stop cooking immediately. Otherwise, if you just let them sit they'll cool off, yes, but they'll continue to cook and I don't want them to fall apart in the gratin, I still want them to hold their shape. We'll let those cool completely and let's take a look at these. Oh, they're starting to toast up, and boy oh boy, they smell so good, the butter with the bread. They need another minute or so. In the meantime let's grate the cheese. So I've got some gruyere cheese and the gruyere has a nice, sharp flavor so it works really well with the cauliflower -- cauliflower is more of a mellow flavor, and it melts beautifully. It has a little bit of a sharp flavor to it, but it's really creamy and it bakes really well. We need one cup of grated gruyere. Half of it's gonna go in the cauliflower mixture and the other half is gonna go on top of the breadcrumbs so we get this nice, crunchy, cheesy crust on top of the cauliflower. Perfect. We've got the cheese. So now we start building the gratin. So half of the gruyere cheese goes inside and the other half we're gonna save and put it on top. Then I add capers. They add a nice, tangy bite to it. And then the bacon. You can just chop it up or you can rip it up with your fingers. Some salt, gotta season it, and some pepper. And just give it a quick mix here, toss everything together. Let's grab the cauliflower. And the cauliflower should be cooled. And again, you want to put it in cold water, the cauliflower, to bring down the temperature so it doesn't continue to cook. There we go. Back over here, toss it all together. Make sure that all the cauliflower is coated with some of the cream and the bacon, caper, and cheese mixture. Breadcrumbs are done. I'll turn off that. And now grab the baking sheet. And I have a buttered 8-by-8 baking sheet. I just toss everything in there. Get all the bacon, all the cheese, everything. Take the breadcrumbs that are now toasted and just put them right over the top. Some of 'em want to get away. Just put them back in there. And you finish it off with some more cheese right on top. We'll get a nice cheesy crust. Then to get that nice golden color I want to add a little bit of olive oil right over the top so there's a little bit of moisture for the cheese and the bread. Now we bake it at 350 degrees for about 35 to 40 minutes until it's bubbly, crisp, and the cheese is all melted on top. This is gonna be good. Next I'll roll out the dough and start on my crispy flatbread with zucchini, olives, and even more cheese. I'm rolling out some pizza dough, a pound of it. And you can buy it at your grocery store or sometimes you can go to your local pizzeria and just order the pizza dough from them and I'm making my zucchini and olive flatbread. Just roll out the dough, I like to roll it out to about a 12-inch circle. I want it nice and thin and that's why I'm calling it a flatbread and not a pizza because it's gonna be nice and thin and crispy. Okay, so now that we've rolled it out we'll just roll it on the rolling pin and place it right on the baking sheet just like that. I'm putting it on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. That way it doesn't stick. I drizzle a little bit of olive oil on top, just to create a nice, golden crust. Then we prick it with a fork. All right, let's grab the zucchini. Grab my board. I've already washed the zucchini. And I love this because it looks really pretty and you can slice a zucchini super thin and then just put it on the flatbread just like you would pepperoni on a pizza. Same type of idea. And it bakes off and it caramelizes in the oven. Whoops, come on back. So now I just kind of layer it all on just like that and it's really pretty. And because we're gonna cook it at a really high heat at 450 it does really caramelize. Then the flatbread gets nice and crunchy, super good. And I drizzle a little more olive oil on top just to help caramelize the zucchini. We're gonna bake it at 450 degrees for about 18 to 20 minutes until the zucchini are nice and golden and the crust starts to get nice and golden brown. Then we're gonna put on cheese and put it back in the oven. Now it's time to get the gratin out. I can smell the gruyere cheese from here. It should be ready. Oh, that looks so good. You just want to pick the crust right off the top it looks so good. Now it's time to dress up the flatbread with olives and some fresh herbs. So what I want to start doing is start chopping some fresh oregano. It's nice and earthy and it really can stand up to being baked in the oven. And see, the zucchini have already started to brown on top and see the edges are nice and golden brown. So now a few more toppings and we are done. So let's start with the oregano. I just kind of sprinkle it right on top. It makes it really smell good, it really perfumes the entire flatbread. Then I take the olives and I kind of just spread 'em all over the top. And because the olives are kind of salty I don't add any salt to the flatbread. Top it with 1 1/2 cups of shredded mozzarella. Mozzarella melts so well over this and I think the kids will really like the flavor of it. Then some pecorino Romano. It's got a nice sharp flavor and it's really, really good with the mozzarella since the mozzarella's so mild. Let's just grate. And I like to grate it right on top fresh. So it creates this like, cheesy, salty crust on top. Perfect. So now we're gonna put this back into the oven at 450 for another five minutes until the cheese just oozes and melts all over the top. And then, let the games begin. So you guys, Daisy and Charlie are already out here playing. While we're inside playing some poker, you guys can be out here. Chelsea is the babysitter of the night. So Chelsea, you've got two more kids. Okay, it's Charlie and Lucy. Don't get confused with the two Charlies. We're gonna go inside with the guys and have some dinner. Bye guys, have fun. I like these plates. Oh, see, they're already started digging in, perfect. Hi you guys, you just playing twister? No, we were setting the kids up. You're gonna sit right here next to me. Maybe we want to get some food first. The little table over there, that's where you put your food and stuff so that you can play poker on the table. You think of it all, don't you, this looks so good. Todd, are you gonna start the game? Sure, should we eat and play? Yeah, eat and play. These are really good, what is it? I call it a zucchini and olive flatbread. Mmm, it's good, it's really good. I want to taste the cauliflower. Oh the cauliflower's really good, Todd's favorite. It's delicious. How you doing there, Rick? I'm gonna take your money and have another piece of flatbread, that's what I'm gonna do. So did you try these? Oh my god, giada, this is unbelievable. You just inhaled it. I did. There's a whole platter of them, honey. Oh my god, this is so good. All right, I'm gonna fold. 'Cause you know what, it looks like so much fun out there. I'm gonna go upstairs and change 'cause I can't play twister out there, but I want to go play with the kids. So ladies, would you like to come with me? Give me a second, I'm gonna go change. I'll be right back. Can I take your money in the meantime? Yeah, you can take my money. Right hand on red. All right you guys, we came to play with you. It's not as much fun inside. Grown-ups. Ready, set, go, left foot blue. All right, right foot yellow. Right hand yellow. We're out of yellow. Left foot green, left foot green. Left foot green. There's no room, i can't move. Oh, giada's out, Charlie wins! Closed captions provided by scripps networks, llc 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 