Giada at Home: Season 3, Episode 30 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Giada at Home 
 s3e30 - From Scratch - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Giada at Home (2008–…): Season 3, Episode 30 - From Scratch - full transcript 
 Giada De Laurentiis goes old school making recipes the old fashioned way. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Look at the colors, you guys. And the butterflies, isn't this pretty? When you're a kid, there's nothing more fun than a treasure hunt. You see that there are three rocks. I saw it, I saw it. You did? Over there, over there. So today, jade and her friends are in for a treat. Are you guys hungry? Yes, I want to eat a quesadilla. (Everyone laughing) It's a backyard adventure with a magical menu. Bite-sized cupcakes bursting with flavor... Moist, little cakes topped with a honey and cream cheese frosting. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 A playful pinwheel snack. Grilled tortillas packed with turkey, gooey cheese, and slices of crisp apple. Kids can't resist these whimsical popsicles with blueberry polka dots. A delicious snack that's super easy to make. It's a whimsical morning the kids will love. Closed captions provided by scripps networks, llc ♪ I've started quartering my strawberries for my ladybug pops and these are so adorable. In fact, they're jade's favorite treat. And they end up looking like little ladybugs because we're gonna puree the strawberries, flavor them up, and then drop little blueberries inside. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 So once they're frozen, they're super cute. And this actually a pretty healthy treat too. All right, we got that. So now we're gonna pop all of the strawberries into the blender. We're gonna blend this all together-- there we go. Then we need a little bit of orange juice and lemon juice. Fresh orange and fresh lemon. I just want to roll both of these. We need a little bit of citrus sweetness in here... It makes the strawberries even sweeter. And they're just the perfect size for little kids. And, half a lemon. This is gonna be a really fun day. The kids are gonna have a blast running around, we're gonna do this little treasure hunt, which I think is gonna be a really, really fun party. Okay, so now we need to sweeten it up with a little bit of honey. We're gonna do 2 tablespoons of honey-- so instead of sugar, it's gonna be honey. Nice and thick and sweet, and it melts into the pops a lot better than regular sugar. And now, let's just puree it altogether. ♪ You know what, it smells so good, I could pretty much eat it as is, or drink it for that matter. So now I take an ice cube tray and just pour the pureed strawberries about 3/4 of the way up, because we're gonna drop blueberries inside and you don't want it to spill over. They're like little strawberry and blueberry ice cubes. And last one. Looks like we have just enough for a little treat for myself. See, this is sometimes the fun of cooking. Mmm, perfectly sweet and thick. Mmm-mmm-mmm. Okay, so now, we're gonna grab fresh blueberries, and I drop about three into each of these. I think if you try and drop more than three, it becomes too full. Three in here, look how pretty the colors are. There we go. We're gonna pop it in the freezer for an hour, and then we're gonna stick the lollipop sticks right in the middle, and then they'll stand up perfectly. And then we'll pop it back in the freezer for another 4 to 5 hours. In the meantime, while these are in the freezer, I'm gonna go outside and decorate for my treasure hunt. ♪ So let's grab our ice cube tray. Ooh, they're lookin' good. See they're semi-frozen. They've been in the freezer for an hour. And all I want to do now is take these lollipop sticks and put 'em right in the middle. And see they stand up at this point. So just take the lollipop sticks and put them right in the center, this'll make it really easy for the kids to kind of hold 'em. And up next, I'm gonna make my mini carrot and zucchini muffins, they're really good. Kids love these bite-size, little treats. They're packed with healthy flavors and topped with something sweet and creamy. ♪ I'm starting with my carrot and zucchini muffins, and these are little mini muffins we're gonna make. And I'm using 1 cup of almond flour and we're gonna use 1/4 cup of brown rice flour. So what we're doing is we're making gluten-free little mini muffins. Gluten-free means we're not using any white or wheat flour. I want to add a little bit of baking powder and baking soda. So we're gonna add 1 teaspoon of baking powder, and then 1/2 teaspoon of baking soda, and that'll really help kind of make the mini muffins rise, and it'll help in the texture too. So we've got the baking powder, now we need baking soda. And then, to balance out the flavors, 1/4 teaspoon of salt. One more thing we gotta add... Some cinnamon. This is what makes jade go crazy-- she loves cinnamon. It's so sweet and warm. So 2 teaspoons right in there. And the cinnamon with the zucchini and the carrots and the raisins is really good. So now we just want to give it a quick little whisk to mix everything together. And we're gonna make them mini size so all the kids, in two bites, they can finish them off-- and then after they've baked and cooled, I'm gonna make a great cream cheese frosting to put on top. And I love the combination of the brown rice flour, which is light and super fine, and then a little bit of crunch from the almond flour. So we're done with our dry ingredients-- time to start on our wet ingredients. So we're gonna start with some maple syrup, and we're gonna measure about 1/3 cup of maple syrup. I'm adding it instead of adding sugar. It's a little bit smokier in flavor, thicker, and it melts beautifully in the muffins-- there's no granular texture like you have in sugar. Sweet! And then, some grapeseed oil, 1/3 cup of grapeseed oil. And make sure you measure these really well. It's one of those oils that has no flavor, but it adds a nice moisture content to the muffins, which you really need. Perfect-- so now, we're gonna add one egg. And the egg gives the muffins structure, holds them together. And we're just gonna whisk and break the egg up in the grapeseed oil and the maple syrup. Okay, so now... Let's grab the grater and what we're gonna do is grate a zucchini and a carrot. So, here we go... It cooks into the muffins, plus it adds a lot of moisture to it. Perfect. Take all of the extra zucchini right off there, and then we take that and put it into our wet ingredients. We're going to get the peeler, and we're gonna peel our carrot. It's slightly sweet, you know, and as it cooks, the sugars come out, and it really does sweeten the muffins as well, so that's why I love carrot in here. ♪ Okay, so now let's grab a spatula and mix them all together. Just want to coat all of the zucchini and the carrots. Let's add all of the dry ingredients. And mix them all together. Ah, the smell of cinnamon is so good in here. And you can usually find almond flour and brown rice flour, and even grapeseed oil at any of your local health food stores. Now it's all mixed in, so we have to add 1/2 cup of raisins, for extra sweetness and chewiness... And fold those in... And now, we grab my little mini muffin tin, and I've already lined them with paper liners, just because it makes it a lot easier to take them out, and it keeps the muffins moist for a longer period of time. So here we go... I just scoop a little bit of the batter right into each one, and I like to use these little ice cream scoopers because they give me the perfect amount of batter in each mini muffin-- that way they bake evenly. So we're gonna bake these at 350 degrees, for 15 minutes, until they're golden brown. Then we'll let them cool completely, and we'll make a cream cheese frosting that is just so luxurious and velvety to go right on top. Then I'm gonna get started on my rolled turkey and apple quesadillas. They're gonna be really fun. Hand-held snacks filled with kid-friendly flavors-- gooey cheese, sweet apple and juicy turkey. ♪ My carrot and zucchini muffins baked for 15 minutes and they've cooled completely. Now I'm just frosting them with a cream cheese and honey mixture. You want to make sure that the cream cheese is at room temperature so you can spread it on the cupcakes and it looks so pretty... That way it's nice and smooth. You can put as much frosting or as little as you want. And last one. And I made a little extra cream cheese frosting so that I could use it on my quesadillas. The muffins are done, now time to get started on the quesadillas. We need turkey and cheese, lots of good stuff. So we've got cream cheese with honey, we're gonna have an apple, we've got some turkey, and we've also got some grated cheddar cheese, 1 cup of grated cheddar cheese, and I'm also gonna grate some smoked mozzarella as well. Then we're gonna mix it together, just because I like the combination of the two flavors. Cheddar cheese for all the kids, 'cause most kids love cheddar cheese, and then a little smoky moz just to give it a little bit of a smokier flavor. So it's fun for the kids and the parents, everybody can enjoy these. And we're gonna do 1 cup of smoked mozzarella. And what you want to do when you're grating a softer cheese like the smoked mozzarella is leave it in the fridge until right before you grate it, that way, it's much easier to grate. Smells so good. So I got a cup of smoked mozzarella. And we're gonna mix the mozzarella with the cheddar cheese together, and they're gonna melt onto the quesadilla, it's gonna be really good. We got the cheese all lined up, now, I'm gonna cut my apple, but I think the best thing to keep in mind is when you make these kind of dishes is to think about what kind of ingredients your kids really like and enjoy and then just use those. And the great thing about quesadillas is that you can pretty much put anything you want in them. It's almost like pasta-- you can toss pasta with just about any flavor-- well, you can put just about anything in a quesadilla. And kids love it-- all that melted cheese. And for a little added flavor, I'm gonna grill 'em too, so it's gonna really be special. And then you just want to cut the apple slices pretty thin, it makes it a lot easier to roll the quesadilla, 'cause we're gonna roll it up like a jelly roll. I just like the apple 'cause it's sweet and adds a little crunch in there too. There we go. And it doesn't matter if the apple slices break because we're just gonna put them in there and then we're gonna cut them into little pinwheels, so no one's gonna see it. They're gonna be glued together by all the cheese that we're gonna add. So we've got our apple slices, and we've got our turkey, some nice deli turkey. And we'll put this all together. There we go-- now we need our tortillas. And we're using whole wheat tortillas. Now that we've got everything set up, we're ready to go. So here's what I do... I add a little bit of the cream cheese and honey mixture, not only for a little bit of sweetness, but also because the cream cheese acts as a binder, as kind of like a glue. Now, we also go for a couple slices of apple-- you can do 2 or 3 slices. Then... I add some cheese-- the mixture of the smoked mozzarella and the cheddar. And we're gonna add some turkey. Turkey happens to be jade's favorite, so we're gonna do turkey. It's sliced nice and thin, and I usually put about two slices on there. Then, a little more cheese to hold it all together. There we go. Then you take it and you roll it like a little jelly roll, tuck everything underneath, then press down. Then I take it seam-side down and I put it on the grill. The cheese starts to melt and it just seals it shut so it's perfect. ♪ There we go, all right, so we put it on the grill, seam-side down. Oh yeah, let's flip this one over here, look at that. That looks so good, and then you get a nice, smoky flavor and it looks really pretty. So we're gonna grill the other side for another 2 to 3 minutes, and then you let it cool for a little bit before you slice it into about 1-inch slices. I'm gonna finish rolling the rest of my quesadillas and then jade should be up soon, the kids will be over and we're gonna start our treasure hunt. ♪ All right you guys, let's start here. Here's the treasure. That's right, that's the treasure, but we gotta hunt for the treasure, don't we, Henry? Mm-hmm. There's a little tunnel... There. So where do you guys think the tunnel is? Way over there. Grace knows where it is, that's right. Okay, perfect, so let's roll this up, and let's go follow grace where she takes us to the tunnel-- thank you, Stella. Let's go. Jump, whoo! Look at the colors, you guys. Isn't this pretty-- look at all the balls, and the butterflies. Jade, what's that, what are those, jade? Ladybugs. That's right. Let's keep going, come on, grace. We gotta find the treasure. So, we're here... Yeah, because see the jacuzzi's right there? Okay, so we're here and the treasure's here. I think that if you guys look around and you see that there are three rocks. I see it. You did, coco, Stella? Let's go, let's roll up the map and let's go. And do we see anything, is there a treasure? Where is it? There. Yeah, jade do you see a treasure? Right there. Well let's open up the treasure. Oh, what is it? I think they look like chocolate coins. Hey look ladies, do you want a ladybug ring? Put it on, coco, let's see. Yeah, it looks great. Me, me. There you go-- you don't want a ladybug ring, Henry? No. That's why we have cars for you. All right, so let's see here, let's look at the map again. We are looking for what? Mushrooms. We are looking for mushrooms. Let's go look for the next treasure you guys, at the mushrooms. Let's go. ♪ Mushrooms. Who found the mushrooms? I did. Yes you did. Okay, this is the ultimate treasure, we found lunch. Are you guys hungry? Yes. So let's dig in, get the quesadillas, get the cupcakes. You have lemonade. I want that. You want the quesadilla? Okay you guys, let's guess what's in here, 'cause there's some special surprises. Hmm... What is it? Come on, Henry... No? Vivian? No? Coco? Me, me. An apple. Very good, grace. Very nice, there's apple in there. Is it good? Mm-hmm. These are white. They're white, yeah, the frosting's white. Do you like it? All right, I think mommy's gonna have a cupcake too. It's a party, you can eat as much as you want. All right, you guys, i have one more treat... Here we go! What do these look like, you guys? Ladybugs. Ladybugs. Yeah, and they're ladybug popsicles. It's strawberry, kind of. Yeah, so it's strawberry and blueberries. What are you doing there, Vivian? Trying to get it, it slipped off. That's okay, here, take another one. Thank you. It has rings on it. Yeah, just like the rings that we have, that's right. I want to eat the quesadilla. You don't have to eat the stick, buddy, you can eat another one of these. I want that. This is your last treasure, it's a little ladybug. It's cold. Yes, it is cold. Okay, I think the treasure hunt's ending here. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 