Giada at Home: Season 1, Episode 30 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Giada at Home 
 s1e30 - Last Minute Menu - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Giada at Home (2008–…): Season 1, Episode 30 - Last Minute Menu - full transcript 
 Giada teaches viewers how to make a quick meal for unexpected guests that will look like the cook spent the whole day in the kitchen. The recipes prepared are "Israeli Couscous with Apples,... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ Hi. Hi, giada. Oh my gosh, the food just landed on the table. I'm so excited. Okay, how many times has this happened to you? A friend calls up and says, "I'm in the neighborhood and I'd love to stop by." Well, there's no need to worry, I'm gonna show you a few simple recipes you can whip up in no time. Israeli couscous with apples, Cranberries, and herbs, sweet, tangy,  and very exotic. Chicken burgers with  garlic-Rosemary mayonnaise. A gourmet burger that's  juicy and delicious. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And toasted pound cake  with citrus cream. Simple ingredients that turn ordinary pound cake into a stunning dessert. This is a last minute menu that saves the day every time. Look, she was up. ♪ So I have a little olive oil in my pan, and I've got this great Israel couscous, they look like little pearls of pasta. It actually is pasta, but it kind of absorbs the liquid and they puff up. And they look perfect, because you can spoon them. And you can add lots of flavor to it. But what I want to do is toast the 2 cups of Israeli couscous. I just put them on medium-high heat until the grains turn slightly golden. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 All right, while that toasts, I'm actually going to toast something else, too. I'm gonna toast 1/2 cup of slivered almonds. And I love this, it adds a little crunch to the couscous. It's about half this bag. Just spread them out and I like to toast them at 350 for just a few minutes until they're nice and light golden brown. It really brings out that nutty flavor. So while those toast, let me check on my couscous here. See, you start to see them turning a light golden color, like toasting bread, it's the same thing. So to the Israeli couscous I'm going to add 4 cups of chicken broth. And you want it to make that noise, because it means that the pan was hot, so it was toasting the couscous. And when it absorbs all the chicken broth, it gets really good flavor. It really is yummy, there we go. So you just want to bring it to a boil. And once it comes up to a boil i turn down the heat to about medium and let it cook just like you would let pasta cook. So while the couscous cooks let's start on the vinaigrette. It's really, really easy. Let's grab apple cider vinegar, maple syrup, and while we're here some Cranberries. We're adding Cranberries to the actual salad, but we'll do that in a minute. First, I'm going to start with my apple cider vinegar. And because I'm adding apples into the Israeli couscous, I thought it'd be nice to add apple cider vinegar. So 1/4 cup of apple cider vinegar. Start with that. And 3 tablespoons of maple syrup. It's thick and it's rich and it adds a nice bit of sweetness. You want a little acidity in a vinaigrette, you want a little sweetness in a vinaigrette as well. Add a little salt, gotta season it. And a little pepper. Then extra virgin olive oil because it's a vinaigrette. And it's equal parts, the vinegar to the olive oil. And that's it, that is the whole dressing. We're gonna keep it light and clean. The girls are coming over for dinner. You want lots of flavor, lots of color. But you still want to keep it a little on the light side, so that is what I'm doing. I've gotta swap bowls, now it's time for a big bowl. We're gonna mix the couscous with all these different flavors. So let's start with some fresh herbs, about a 1/4 cup of flat leaf parsley. So we're gonna add flat leaf parsley, some Rosemary, and some thyme. And the fresh herbs are always one of those things that you want to have around. Whether you grow them or have them in the fridge. Because they add a lot of flavor and lots of color. I've got some beautiful Rosemary. And a little bit of thyme, too. They're both really bold but really good in here. Plus, I'm going to use some Rosemary in my burgers, so I thought, why not use them a little bit in the couscous, too. So about 1 1/2 tablespoons of Rosemary. It's nice and piney and fresh, and really good. And about a teaspoon or so of thyme, not too much. And the couscous is now boiling. Turn the heat down to medium and continue to let it cook. And you just want to chop up the Rosemary and the thyme together, because you want to bruise it and release all the flavors. It smells so good, there we go. Time to add the Cranberries. And I love dried Cranberries, they're chewy, they're sweet, and they have this beautiful red color. Look at this, it just adds so much color to the couscous. So about a cup of dried Cranberries. You know what, you can smell my almonds, time to get those almonds. They just need to be toasted just a little bit, not too much. So you don't ever want to forget about them. Perfect, they're just lightly golden. That's all you need to bring out the flavor, otherwise, they burn very quickly. Let those cool slightly. And I want to add my apple. So I'm gonna add a granny Smith green apple, because it's more tart and it can really hold up with the vinaigrette. ♪ There you go, this is good. Add the nuts right on top, that's it. Basically now we're just waiting for the couscous to finish. It needs a couple more minutes, and when I come back I'm gonna show you how to put this all together. And get started on the easiest dessert, my toasted pound cake with citrus cream. Sweet and refreshing,  this elegant dessert can be whipped up  in no time. I'm gonna start on dessert. And I'm gonna make my toasted pound cake with citrus cream. So we're gonna cheat a little bit and use frozen pound cake. And what I do is, i cut it in half. And I don't even defrost it, because I'm going to pop it in the oven and kind of warm it up and kind of toast it a little bit. That's gonna be enough for us. And then I put the rest back in the freezer, so I can eat it another time, it just keeps this way. I've already greased my baking sheet. And what I do is, i cut it into slices. And then you put it in the oven and toast it. Before we do that, we are going to brush it with a little bit of butter. I have 2 tablespoons of butter that I've already melted. So just go ahead and brush the top. And I know it's a buttered pound cake, so you're probably thinking, "there's already a lot of butter in there." Yes, but the butter will help the honey stick to it. And together they create this really light, thin, sweet crust. Perfect, so we did that. Now I drizzle the top with a little bit of honey. There we go, so we're gonna pop it in the oven at 350 for about seven to eight minutes until it's nice and golden brown. And you create that little sweet crust. So while those toast I'm gonna get started on the citrus cream. We're gonna start with a lemon. So what I want to do is zest and then juice three different citrus fruits, lemon, lime and orange. ♪ Just half of the orange that's all we need. Perfect, just get that in there. So now... Start juicing all the citrus. So the whole lime. And a whole lemon. This is like a little citrus explosion. So now for the orange. This one is a little more complicated. I cut the bottom and the top, stand it up so that the orange doesn't roll anywhere. Take a knife and basically cut the peel and the pith off. And I just kind of cut off some of the white pith. The white pith is a little bitter, so I don't really need it. There we go, looks good. And now I grab my bowl. So you want to switch knives because you want a small paring knife to do this. Grab the orange, and what you want to do is take the paring knife and go in between the membranes of the orange. So that you get these nice little segments, just like that. Perfect, now I take this and I just squeeze it, all the juices. I want to get everything out of this orange. Ah, nice and fresh. So now that we're done there let's grab the whipping cream and the mascarpone cheese. I'm gonna start with the mascarpone. I want one cup of the light, creamy mascarpone cheese. Now this is something that I always have at my house and in my refrigerator. And if you don't have it i guess you could just make regular whipped cream. But it won't have the same consistency. I like it to be a little bit thicker so it can hold up to the pound cake. Okay, and 1/2 cup of whipping cream. There we go. And this will thin out the mascarpone, and the mascarpone will give more body to the whipping cream. So they kind of help each other out. That's why you need both of them. Then sweeten the whole thing up with 1/4 cup of sugar to balance out the acidity from all the citrus fruit. And then we need 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract. And again, if you don't have the orange and the citrus, you can just add a little bit more vanilla extract, and that'll flavor it as well. And there we go with the vanilla extract. We'll get the hand mixer out. This makes life a little easier. Start slow, because otherwise you'll get covered in whipped cream, which you don't want to do. And we're just gonna whip it until we get nice, stiff peaks. Perfect. Now I just want to taste it, just to make sure that it tastes right. You never know until you taste it. It's sweet and tangy, and still that citrus kicks in and kind of opens up your taste buds. And of course, it's creamy, too. It's gonna be so good over that pound cake. So we're done with that. I'm gonna grab my bowl, because I'm gonna put it in this bowl, so I don't have to think about it anymore. And I'll pop it in the fridge and keep it nice and cold until it's time to assemble it at the table. I think the girls are gonna really like this. Up next, I'm gonna make  my chicken burgers with garlic Rosemary  mayonnaise. Moist and delicious  with a bold, earthy flavor. The pound cake's toasted, so it's time to start on the chicken burgers. And they've got this great garlic Rosemary Mayo on it. So I've got Mayo and a pound of ground chicken. We're gonna use 1 cup of Mayo. And we are gonna make it super flavorful with some garlic and some Rosemary. So half of the mayonnaise is gonna be in the burgers, and the other half we're gonna smear on the bread. We also need 1/4 cup of Rosemary. So lots of Rosemary to flavor the mayonnaise. And because I have Rosemary growing in my backyard, I like to use it as much as I can. I just want to chop up the Rosemary so you can combine it really well with the Mayo. So now I add the Rosemary right in there. And a little garlic. So the garlic goes in. Grab a spatula and mix it all together. And already, it perfumes the Mayo, and it makes it look really pretty, too. So mix this all together. So let's start now with the chicken. We've got a pound of ground chicken. But you could use whatever kind of meat you have, whatever you like. And season it with a little salt, and a little pepper, and half of the Mayo. You just want to hold on to the other half for our buns. Leave it there, grab another spatula. And remember, this is a process you want to do kind of quick. Because you don't want to overwork the chicken. You want to have nice, moist burgers. And I think it's going to be really good. Who doesn't like a nice gourmet burger. I think everybody does. Okay, so now, I'm going to start forming the burgers. I just want to make sure, yep, my grill pan is nice and hot. Make sure it's nice and hot before you start forming them, because you don't want to touch anything after you're done forming them. See, it gets kind of sticky, but I promise you, although you think, "oh my gosh, they're so wet and sticky," this is what you want. That way, they're nice and moist on the grill. On the grill they go. A little bit of olive oil. Then I take a little bit of Mayo, spread just a little bit of Mayo on each one. So we do this now, and then we're going to grill them. Then we're going to add a little bit more Mayo on top when the burgers are done and we're assembling. Okay, buns are done. Ready to flip. And see, they're really easy to flip if you let that crust form. Perfect, so the burgers are going to finish cooking. And then I'm gonna toast these buns and assemble my burgers. There's a few finishing touches i still have to add. So the burgers are done and they're resting. And now the buns are toasted and they're coming off the grill. And look how good they look, see all those golden marks. Okay, so now, like I said, I want to add more Mayo. Now we're going to go for the burger. So just take a little bit of arugula, just a tad. And I just kind of put it on the top. Now just assemble the burger. And kind of press down a little bit, so everything sticks together. There we go, there's one and there's two, and there's three. And let's cut the burgers in half. And there you have it, look how good that looks. The chicken is cooked through, nice and thick burgers, nice and juicy with that little green from the herbs. I'll just put them on the platter, just like that. Okay, burgers are done, so Tracy and Jamie should be here momentarily, so I'm gonna get all the food out there and we're ready to eat. ♪ Hi. Hi, giada. I cannot tell you how perfect this is, because the food just landed on the table. I'm so excited and I'm so hungry. Wine. We need a little wine, right? We always need wine. Hi, honey. Go ahead and sit down because I just got the burgers on the table. It looks so good. It looks amazing. And Israeli couscous, I'm very excited. Okay, so wait, tell us what's in it. Chicken, just ground white meat chicken. And I mixed Mayo with Rosemary and a little bit of garlic. How long did this take you to do, because it feels so good and hearty, it feels like it might take you a long time. It was fast, I'm telling you it was really fast. What's in the couscous? Oh, the couscous, go for it, guys. I don't really know what couscous is. Well, that's Israeli couscous, so it's a little bit bigger. It's just little pearls of pasta, and some apples and herbs. Cranberries? And some Rosemary and Cranberries and some slivered almonds. I never know what to put in couscous. You can put anything, it's just like pasta, you can dress it anyway you want. I love these burgers, these are so moist. All right, you guys, it looks like we're all pretty much done. Dessert? Dessert! There's that. Ooh, is that homemade? So grab a piece of the pound cake. And then a spoonful of the cream. It's a citrus cream so it's got lots of zest from lime, lemon and orange. Yeah, I see there's some color in it. Yeah, put it right on top. And then on the top you put a few orange segments on top of the cream. Just like Tracy did it. Look how pretty, see? Nice job, Tracy. I can cook. You can cook. I would get it, because you can't get the fineness. This is so good. This is so good. In unison, I love it. The orange adds, it's like a chill. I've never had pound cake that's toasted like this. I put a little bit of melted butter on it, and a little bit of honey and baked it in the oven for just like 7 minutes. And that's what makes it kind of crispy? All right, you guys, while you finish up your dessert, I'm gonna go see if miss jade is up. Do we get to see baby jade? I'm gonna go check and see if she's up, I'll be right back. I could eat like four of these. Look, she was up. Oh my god, she's awake. What do you say? Hi, baby. Hi Tracy, I haven't seen you in a long time, it's been probably a month. And hi, Jamie. Look at her little pink outfit. Let's see, ah, there you go. It's okay, it's okay. It's Tracy. She looks like you as a baby. That baby picture that you have with your mom. Jamie, let's see what you think, too. I think that, as a baby, you're like twins. You think? I totally think so. Yes, see, she thinks that's a photo of herself. Who is it, honey, is that grandma? That's nonna and your mommy. Closed captions provided by scripps networks, llc 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 