Giada at Home: Season 3, Episode 15 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Giada at Home 
 s3e15 - One Pot Meals - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Giada at Home (2008–…): Season 3, Episode 15 - One Pot Meals - full transcript 
 Here's 4 great recipes that can be made in a Dutch oven or a saucepan. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 If you ask me, the one-pot meal is the greatest invention ever... No mess, no fuss, just tons of wonderful flavor, so today, an entire menu of one-pot wonders. A hearty Italian stew with intense flavor and color. The sausage adds a nice, spicy kick. Sweet and tangy relish sitting pretty on a luxurious bed of soft cheese and crunchy bread. Smooth and creamy, this Italian classic has a rustic twist and a sweet surprise. A grown-up snow cone... juicy sweet fruit cooked in a pot and poured over ice. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Four delicious recipes you can whip up in no time. Closed captions provided by scripps networks, llc. Captioned by closed captioning services, inc. I'm smashing and peeling four garlic cloves for my shrimp and sausage cioppino. It's gonna give a nice garlicky base to the cioppino. All right, so now take all four garlic cloves and put them into the oil. We're gonna add a shallot and fennel, and the shallot and the fennel are the base flavors of this cioppino. And cioppino is basically an Italian fish stew. The shallot is great, 'cause it cooks, softens, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and disappears in the cioppino. And anytime you're making, um, a stew or soup, you really want to give it a lot of flavor right from the beginning. And you know, cioppinos were made famous here in the states by Italian-Americans in San Francisco. It's usually just a fish stew, straight fish, but today, I'm giving it my own little spin, and I'm adding some spicy Italian turkey sausage, which I think makes it more of a one-pot meal, 'cause it makes it a little bit heartier. Shallots in and fennel. I love fennel. It's so fragrant. It has this licorice and anise flavor to it, and I think that, paired with the sausage and the shrimp, is gonna be fantastic. And I take the outer layer off, just because it tends to be really fibrous. I'm just gonna chop it up. Growing up, we had a lot of fennel. In fact, see? It's so crunchy. It's so good, so I put it in salads. I even bake it in the oven with a little parmesan cheese. And we're gonna add the fennel in there. Then a little bit of salt, a little bit of pepper, just to help soften the vegetables here. While those soften, I'm gonna grab the turkey sausage and some white wine. The white wine we'll use in a bit. But first, we're gonna do this spicy Italian turkey sausage, and look at that. It's got red pepper flakes. It's got a little bit of anise, so it works really well with the flavor of the fennel. And what I did is I bought a pound. Dump it right in there. And I just take the wooden spoon and break it up. So while that cooks and it starts to get a little bit brown, let's grab tomato paste, cannellini beans, and chicken broth. Time to add a little bit of white wine... Nice and crisp... And I'm adding a little bit of Pinot grigio, 'cause it adds richness, so about 2 cups. And then I scrape the bottom and pick up all those little bits. All right, now a little bit of body, a little bit of depth of sweetness and color... We're gonna add 1/4 cup of tomato paste. It adds richness and a beautiful color, kind of like a pinky red color. Next, the bay leaf... just one, 'cause it's a pretty strong flavor. Mmm. Nice and hearty, so you just want one in there. And 3 cups of chicken broth. I'm just using low-sodium chicken broth, so that I can add and control how much salt goes in here. Give it a quick little stir. Add a little salt and pepper. And we're gonna let this just simmer for a few minutes, and in the meantime, I'm gonna clean up and get the rest of my ingredients together. Oh, my gosh, that smells so good. Ha ha ha! So we're gonna add the cannellini beans... The beans add a creaminess... And the shrimp. So I have 1 pound of shrimp, peeled and deveined. It makes it really light, so you've got a little bit of the shrimp flavor, and you've got the turkey sausage, and it's an awesome meal. So just dump them right in there. So we'll let this cook for just like two minutes or so, just until the shrimp are cooked through. In the meantime, we are gonna chop some fresh basil and some thyme. And what I love is you add this right at the end, and it perfumes the cioppino. There we go. We've got some fresh basil. We're gonna do a little bit of thyme. It's nice and lemony and very hearty. So you take the thyme and the basil, and we put it right on there. Finishing touches... A little bit of salt and a little bit more pepper, just like that. And that is it, so I just turn it off, grab my bowl. I'm telling you, it's so fast and so easy to do. We'll just ladle a little bit into my bowl. And I sometimes serve this with a little bit of crusty bread. Need a little spoon. It's nice and hot. I'm just gonna taste a little bit of everything. Mmm. That sausage is good, and it is spicy. Then you get some of that fresh flavor from the fennel. I absolutely love it. Up next, I'm gonna make one of my favorite one-pot appetizers. It's a sweet and tangy apple and onion confit, and I'm gonna serve it on crostini. Layers of perfection... Warm toast and creamy cheese with a sweet and tangy finish. I'm making onion and apple confit, and I'm adding 2 tablespoons of butter and a couple tablespoons of olive oil. All right, so now grab an onion and two apples... Red and green, because we want the sweetness from the red and the tart flavor from the green. We're gonna start with the onion first. Basically, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna cook the onion and the apple low and slow, until they fall apart, and that's what a confit really is. It just means cooking something in its own fat or juices really low and slow. There we go. Okay, so the onions... Put them right in the pot. We're gonna start with the red apple. What I do is I cut down around the core, just like that. So here we go. Take the apple slices, and just slice them at about 1/4 inch or so. Excellent. Now for the red. A nice combo of color. Excellent. Put it right on top of the onion. Mmm-mm-mmm. We're gonna have to add a little salt and a little pepper to this, too, because the salt draws out the natural moisture in both the onion and the apples, so it'll help cook down and soften both the onion and the apple. Give it a nice stir. Let's go to the pantry. Let's grab some maple syrup and apple cider vinegar. We're gonna use those in a minute. Right now, I'm gonna chop a little bit of thyme. The thyme is hearty and lemony. We're gonna chop a little bit more than we need, so that we can save a little bit for the garnish right at the end. And finely chop it. There we go. Then we'll put that right over there. Now time for a little maple syrup, so we need a little sweetness and a little acid, and that's what you use in a confit. Instead of using regular sugar, I'm adding maple syrup, because it adds sweetness, but it also adds flavor... Kind of a-a light smokiness. So 2 tablespoons of maple syrup. And for a little acidity, 1/4 cup of apple cider vinegar. Apple cider vinegar, apples in here... It just works really well together. About 1/4 cup of that, 'cause we're gonna add a little moisture, too. And then let's just save a little bit of thyme for the garnish. There we go. Mmm. We're gonna let this cook low and slow for about 15 minutes, until the apples are falling apart and so has the onion. In the meantime, I'm gonna clean up, and I'm gonna start slicing some bread and pop the crostini in the oven. Ohh, my onion and apple confit looks so good. It just needs another minute, and we're ready to go. So I've got some gorgonzola cheese, 'cause the combination of creaminess with the sweet and tangy is divine. So here we have some really good gorgonzola, and what I want to do is just slice little pieces off. And they slowly melt on the hot crostini. We're gonna grab a few of the crostini. A little hot, but okay. Manageable. So I have four of them. We're gonna put a piece of the gorgonzola on each one, and the heat of crostini just warms the gorgonzola through a little bit. Okay, here we go. So now I spoon a little bit of the confit... and this is a great little relish as well, so you could serve this with pork or chicken. This is just one way I like to serve it... As a little appetizer. Ooh, that one's warm. And then I top it with just a little bit of thyme, just to give it a little color. This and a nice glass of white wine is perfect in my opinion. Mmm, mmm. The gorgonzola has started to soften and melt slightly. So decadent, but so perfect. All right, up next, I'm gonna make a very hearty, but still delicate, farro risotto. Sweet currants, pine nuts, and chunks of soft feta cheese give this creamy classic an unexpected twist. I'm getting started on my farro risotto. We're gonna add 3 tablespoons of olive oil and a couple tablespoons of butter. It's that mixture of butter and olive oil that creates a very rich risotto, so like traditional risotto, we add both. I want to start by sautéing my shallot... A little bit of an onion flavor. Slice it up. There we go. Let's add the shallot. Growing up, we had a lot of risotto. It's a really easy way to feed a big family. That and a salad, you're done, right? One-pot meal. That's why. A little bit of salt and a little bit of pepper. The salt brings out the moisture in the shallot itself. Okay. And then we want to add the farro, so this is farro. It's a grain, and it has a similar texture and flavor to barley. So we're gonna use 1 1/2 cups of farro. And this is kind of hard to find in a local grocery store, but you can find it at your neighborhood Italian market or online. Basically, what we want to do is toast the farro just a little bit, 'cause it brings out the richness and the nutty flavor. So while that toasts a little bit, let's grab some white wine, and I'm gonna add about 1/3 of a cup. Perfect. You want it to evaporate a little bit and allow the farro to kind of absorb some of the wine. It adds that little bit of acid that you really need in a creamy risotto like this. Now we're gonna add 4 cups of chicken broth, but we're gonna add 1/2 a cup at a time, because what you want to do is allow the farro to slowly get creamy and release its starches. And stir. And the thing about risotto is it's actually really easy to make. It just needs a little bit of tender loving care. So the risotto has absorbed all of the liquid. Look at that. It's cracked open and puffed up and absorbed all of the chicken broth. Nice and creamy. So we're gonna turn off the heat. And I'm gonna add first of all some currants. They're a little bit sweeter than raisins and a little bit chewier. They match the size of the farro, and they work really well in here. So we're gonna add about 1/3 of a cup of currants and a little bit of crunch and nuttiness from 1/4 cup of toasted pine nuts. Right in there. That makes it sort of a sophisticated risotto, which it is. So I'm using some Greek sheep's milk feta cheese. It's tangy and a little bit salty, which I think it'll be really nice in here. We're gonna use about 2/3 of a cup, just about like that. It's got a nice texture to it, and then you can just crumble it. So now we'll add that right in there. We need some fresh flavor, so I'm gonna add some Italian flat-leaf parsley. Chop that up. When something's been cooking 30 minutes or longer, you want to add a little bit of fresh herbs just to kind of bring back that freshness into the dish. Okay, so add that right in there. Give it a nice little stir. Okay. Now time to taste it. This is gonna be good. Mmm. So comforting. It is perfect as an entrée or even a side dish. Nutty, cheesy, sweet... It's awesome. All right, up next I got dessert... Poached strawberries, peaches, and mango over crushed ice... The perfect one-pot dessert. It's a magical blend of spices and fruit... Warm, comforting, and chilled over ice. It's time to get started on my one-pot dessert. I'm gonna start by making a poaching liquid, 'cause I'm gonna make poached strawberries, peaches, and mango. And I'm gonna serve it over crushed ice. So we're gonna use 2 cups of white grape juice. Then we're gonna spice it up, so I'm gonna add vanilla bean, cinnamon stick, and star anise. So we're gonna start with the vanilla bean. And the vanilla bean adds this warm sweetness you just can't get with plain sugar. And we're not only just gonna use the seeds, but we're also gonna use the pod as well. Cut it open with a paring knife, and inside there's all these little seeds. So I just scrape the seeds into the grape juice. Then one star anise... Look how beautiful it is. Well, inside here there's little seeds, and they have this licorice-anise flavor, which is really good with the fruit. And then we need one cinnamon stick. And the cinnamon stick gives it a spicy, warm, like, bear hug. We're gonna zest half an orange... A little bit of sweet citrus flavor. The poaching liquid just needs a couple of minutes, just to infuse all the flavors. Okay, so there's the orange. I just want to scrape off any of the extra zest. We're gonna grab the fruit. I used frozen fruit... Strawberries, peaches, and mango. I'm gonna turn it off and add the fruit right into the hot poaching liquid. And we're gonna give it a stir. Mmm, the colors are so pretty. So we're gonna let the fruit sit in the poaching liquid as it cools. Oh, my gosh, the entire kitchen smells like star anise and cinnamon. What I want to do is take out the vanilla bean, the cinnamon stick, and the star anise, 'cause you don't want to eat these. They've done their job. So now I want to scoop some of the crushed ice. Then... I take some of the fruit and put it right over the top. And then I take some of the poaching liquid, and I just pour the poaching liquid right over the ice. Mmm. Mmm! This is absolutely divine. It's kind of like an elegant, sophisticated, grown-up snow cone. It's that good. Mm-mm-mmm. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 