Giada at Home: Season 1, Episode 44 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Giada at Home 
 s1e44 - Makeover - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Giada at Home (2008–…): Season 1, Episode 44 - Makeover - full transcript 
 Giada prepares lunch while makeup artist Julie gives guests makeovers. The dishes served are "Artichoke and Bean Crostini", Vegetable Parmesan" and "Melon and Mint Slush". 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You guys take a look at what Julie brought for you guys. This is beautiful. My friend Julie's a makeup artist. And she's always showing me the latest trends. There's little recipes for beauty too. So I thought it'd be fun to treat my girlfriends to lunch and a mini makeover. I'll come and give makeup tips any time for vegetable parmesan. Julie brings all the glam, and I dish up all the food. Artichoke and bean crostini, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 crunchy bread topped with a rustic tangy spread and crispy pancetta. Vegetable parmesan, an eclectic mix of flavors. Eggplant, fennel, and peppers layered with cheese and baked to gooey perfection. Melon and mint slush, a sweet zesty drink to make you feel refreshed inside and out. Some delicious food and some simple tips to looking and feeling great. I have lips. Yay, Deb. I'm slicing an eggplant for my vegetable parmesan. The eggplant kinda acts as the hearty meat portion of it. I wanna start with grilling the vegetables. So a little olive oil, a little salt, a little pepper. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I've sliced the eggplant about 1/4 to 1/2 inch. Then you want your grill pan to be nice and hot. You wanna get a little bit of like a grill mark just because it creates a nice smoky flavor on the vegetables. It also tenderizes them a little bit. So there we go. We're gonna add some peppers to this as well. I love the colors of the peppers. That's the whole idea with the vegetable parmesan. We'll have lots of different textures and lots of different colors. So what I do is cut the top off of it and just kind of cut around the stem in here and all the seeds, just like that. If you can't find all the different colored peppers, well then, you can just use red or whatever you find. I just think the more colorful it is, the more beautiful the vegetable parmesan is and the different flavors as well, because the orange and the yellow are a lot mellower flavor than the red is. They're all slightly different in the sweetness that they have. They only need to be on the grill for a couple of minutes, just enough to get a little bit of that grilled flavor on there. These guys are coming along nicely. So now I'm gonna cut them in thirds, just like that. Perfect, and now we've got the fennel. A lot of times you'll see it in a salad. Well, in Italy, we eat a lot of fennel. So growing up I ate a lot, and you can do so many different things with it. It's great baked, it's great grilled, raw, fried, whatever, and it has kind of a licorice, anise flavor. So it really brightens up the flavors of the vegetable parmesan. What I like to do is cut the top off and cut the outside layer off, just because it can be kinda fibrous. Then I take it, stand it up, and cut down. You don't want to cut it too thin, because if you cut it too thin, it'll kinda fall apart. There we go, all the fennel is together. Let's see, I think we can maybe-- just maybe we can start flippin' these guys. Yep, there we go, nice grill marks, that's all you want. With the eggplant, you can just season one side, because it's like a sponge, so the eggplant kinda absorbs the flavor. You don't wanna over-season it or put too much oil or else it'll fall apart. We're just gonna grill the other side for like a minute or so and then we can start putting the rest of the veggies on. There we go, so we got all the veggies. Now a little bit of olive oil and a little bit of salt and pepper. Just to season each layer. That way, when you grill it, all the flavors get grilled into the vegetable. And some pepper. Let's get the eggplant off the grill, and we'll get the rest of the veggies on. Perfect, so eggplant is done. Now let's get the peppers on. There we go, yellow. Do the fennel with my hands. There we go, we're done, and we're gonna grab the rest of the ingredients. Marinara and bread crumbs. Parmesan, mozzarella. So I grab the baking dish that I've already buttered. That way, nothing sticks to it. We're just gonna pour a little bit of the marinara right on the bottom. It acts like a little bed for the veg. Usually I like to make my own marinara sauce, but today, I'm just cuttin' a few corners. So spread out the marinara. What we wanna do here now is, i wanna flip all these guys. Let's see if they're ready to flip. Yep, we can get a little bit of that smoky flavor on the other side. Come on over, guy, there we go, join the group. Okay, we'll let those grill another minute or so. So you just wanna layer the eggplant all over the bottom here, and I just overlap them. Just like that, and it's gonna look really pretty. So we'll cover the whole bottom with the eggplant. We need a little bit of mozzarella, about a cup of shredded mozzarella per layer. Then we go for the parmesan, grated parmigiana, really good stuff. Nice and salty, so it's really good. Cover that up and then some marinara over the top. Just spread it out and we are ready for our pepper layer. Let's take a look at these guys, perfect. That's it, leave the fennel on there for another minute. More mozzarella and parmesan cheese. It's about 1/3 cup of parm per layer. And a little more sauce. And last layer, we've got all the fennel. Nice grill marks on those fennel. Done, so now, top it with the remainder of the sauce. Remember, veggies have a lot of water in them. So you don't quite need as much tomato sauce as you would if you were doing it with meat. Then the rest of the mozzarella. I want a nice cheesy crust right on top. And then parmigiana, there we go. Use that later, and finally, some bread crumbs, just to create a nice, crunchy crust on top. Then I drizzle the top with a little bit of extra virgin olive oil just to get that nice golden color. We're gonna bake this at 375 for about 30 to 35 minutes, until it's nice and bubbly and crispy and yummy on top. Up next, I'm gonna make a little appetizer for us. An artichoke and bean crostini. So while my vegetable parmesan is baking, I'm gonna get started on my artichoke and bean crostini. So what I like to do is cut up some rustic bread. Great, so now just drizzle the top with a little bit of olive oil. We're gonna bake them at 375 degrees for about ten minutes, just until they get nice and golden brown. While those bake up, I'm gonna clean up here and grab the rest of the ingredients to make the puree. So we need some artichokes, some pecorino, some prosciutto. There we go, we'll use the prosciutto in a little bit. Pecorino in a little bit. We're gonna start with the artichokes. I always have frozen artichokes and I like to make dips or put them in soups, do lots of different things with them. It just makes eating artichokes really easy, because you don't have to clean them or do anything with them, but you wanna thaw them out. So just take them out of the freezer and let them thaw out in the fridge. Because they're packed when they're really sweet and ripe, they're really good in this dip. So now that we have the artichokes, we'll grab the beans and the lemon. So I'm using some cannellini beans. What's important when you use canned beans is that you drain and rinse them. That way you get rid of all the extra salt that they're packed in. Do a little bit of salt and pepper and lemon. So the lemon is that ingredient that kinda perfumes the whole dip and makes all the flavors really come out. So I add about a teaspoon of lemon zest. Then we'll do 3 teaspoons of lemon juice. And already, ah, smells so bright and sunny. It really does, it puts a big old smile on your face. We're done with that, so now roll it, and we only need half of a lemon. If you get a nice juicy lemon, you'll get 3 teaspoons out of half a lemon, a little acidity to kind of counterbalance the creaminess of the beans and the flavor of the artichoke. Then basil, again, it puts a smile on your face, because it's so fresh and yummy. The food processor tends to bruise things like basil that are very delicate. So I'm just chopping it up, so it doesn't get caught in the blades. Now we need a little cheese, about a cup of pecorino Romano. The pecorino is very similar to parmesan cheese. It's a lot tangier than parmesan cheese, but it's a similar process that it's aged in. It's nice and pungent, so it adds a nice, salty kick too. Perfect, there we go. And put the pecorino right in there. It smells so good, it's still buttery. Has a nice, strong flavor to it which is really, really good. So now I wanna give this a quick little whirl. Don't need that. Perfect, so now I wanna add 1/4 cup of olive oil. Now I just wanna clean down the sides. Ah, it's nice and thick. Just make sure that everything is really well incorporated. Sometimes things kind of fly up on the sides. Mmm, perfect, perfect amount of salt, perfect everything, tastes really good. So that's ready. Now we got something else we gotta do here. I am gonna start with my prosciutto. So this is how I like to put the prosciutto in the oven to get it nice and crispy. I take a little bit of vegetable spray, and I spray a baking sheet just like that. Grab the prosciutto. I went to the butcher and had him slice the prosciutto super thin. That way when I put it in the oven, it only takes a few minutes to get it nice and crispy. Here we go with the prosciutto. Just need four slices, that's it. I'll just put them on there. Sometimes they can be a little tricky to take apart when they're thin. Now remember, when you put 'em in the oven, it kinda of intensifies that salty bite, that salty flavor of the prosciutto, that's kind of what I want, plus it's crunchy. You know, you'll always want a little bit of crunch. So it's like crunchy on the bottom and creamy in the middle and then crunchy on the top. Up next, I'm gonna show you how to put all of this together, get the vegetable parmesan out of the oven, and make my melon and mint slush. I'm spreading my artichoke and bean puree right on my crostini. Now for the fun part. So this is the prosciutto and after it goes into the oven, it seizes up, it gets nice and crispy. See that, and it just kinda crumbles. So all I wanna do is put it in my fingers and crumble it up in my hand and then sprinkle it over the top of the crostini. And look at that color, it gives it that nice, salty, crunchy bite that I just love. Nice, and the girls are gonna love this. That looks so good. Let's grab the vegetable parmesan. Boy oh boy, it smells good. You can smell the fennel and the peppers and, of course, all that cheese. Look how beautiful it is, nice, golden brown crust on top from all the melted cheese and the bread crumbs. Mmm, ah... We're gonna let it rest for just for a little bit. Time to go to the fridge and grab the melon. We are gonna make the best mint and melon slush ever. So I have got some ginger ale and I have a honey dew. A friend of mine had this in Cabo a little while ago. I remember her calling me up and telling me how great this drink was that she had by the pool. I thought this is the perfect girl's drink. It's a slushy, but it's fresh and clean and really, really good. I wanna cut it in half so that i can take off the skin. I'm only gonna use a quarter of the melon. What I like to do here is cut the two ends off just like that, and then just run my knife along the bottom, just peel off the skin. If there's any residue skin, just kind of peel it off just like that. The honeydew is sweet, it's got a nice body to it. I really like it in here and I love the color. So then I cut the quarter in half again and just cut it into cubes, because we're gonna put it in the blender. I love the texture too. Now we need a little ginger ale. The ginger ale gives it a little effervescence, so it kinda makes it a fun drink for all the girls. One and a half cups of ginger ale. It's also slightly sweet too, so I think will be really fun. All those bubbles make it lots of fun. We need fresh mint, there we go. Put that right in there, nice, fresh clean mint. Then 1/2 cup of sugar, so 1/4 and another 1/4, so we got 1/2 cup of sugar. The amount of sugar you add to this drink kinda depends on how sweet the melon is. So I'm gonna give this a quick little whirl. Perfect, so now, time for the crushed ice. Let's go to the freezer. I like to add 3 cups of crushed ice. I like it really icy, so a true slushy, where you can kinda drink it up, and it's ice cold and it makes it nice and thick too. There we go, that's all we need. And now, we blend it all together. We don't wanna blend it too much, because we still want it to be nice and chunky, just like a slushy should be, so here we go. Pour it right into the pitcher. Look at that, nice and slushy and icy and beautiful. I'm gonna pop it in the fridge, keep it cold, and my friend Julie should be here any minute, so I wanna help her set up and then come back and get the food. Hi. Hey, giada. Come in, honey. Yes. Oh my gosh, you got a lot of stuff. Yes. Well, I got you a director's chair right here. The girls will be here any minute. Hot seat. This is the hot seat for sure. They're gonna look hotter when they're done. They will, oh, you brought goodies too. Yeah, I have lots of goodies to put out. Are you okay, 'cause I got vegetable parmesan and stuff i gotta pull out. Go do that, I'll put this out. Okay, I'll be right back. Okay. So I just wanna drizzle a little bit of extra virgin olive oil over the crostini, just to keep the artichoke puree nice and moist and to make them glisten. I just like it that way. All righty, that's it, the party is about to begin. All right, the vegetable parmesan is out. Oh, that looks so good. I know, right, it smells so good. Who wants some of the slushie? So Julie has been so kind and brought everybody a little treat that's on your plate for a little makeover party. I'm so excited. Inedible. Yeah, don't eat it, it's not edible. Giada's made all the great edible things for us. So we've got a little virgin drink here. It's a slush. Does that have mint in it? Melon and mint, i thought you'd like it. You guys can start diggin' in, we have a vegetable parmesan right next to Mindy over there. These are little crostini, they're artichoke and cannellini bean. On top, it's crispy prosciutto, go for it. Mindy's serving everybody today. That's so nice of you, Mindy. Mmm, mmm, mmm, yeah, lots of veggies, you're gonna like this. Crunchy. You like this, Julie? I love it. I think I've made this for you before, Julie. I know, I think it's one of my favorite things. I'll come and give makeup tips any time for vegetable parmesan. So who's gonna go first? I'll do it. She beat you to it. We'll sit and watch, eat and watch. It adds a glow to the skin. It's tinted moisturizer, so if you don't want to put anything else on, you can just put this on. Just adding a little bit of cream blush. It just kinda gives a little lift to the skin right around the eye area. Look how pretty. It looks so good. Is it my turn? So I'm doing the tinted moisturizer, and it will give you a glow. Your skin is gonna feel moisturized. It's gonna make you feel ten years younger. Perfect, that's what I need. I wanna see you with all your makeup on when you go running. Giada works out with her makeup on, right? Sure, I do. See, we have a little color on her lips. I'm loving it. Are you loving it? I'm loving it, her lips are like... I have to show you, i have to show you. They're glowing. Oh, that is really nice. What do you think, Deb, are you happy? I have lips. Yay, Deb has lips! Closed captions provided by scripps networks, llc 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 