Giada at Home: Season 1, Episode 19 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Giada at Home 
 s1e19 - Bridal Shower - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Giada at Home (2008–…): Season 1, Episode 19 - Bridal Shower - full transcript 
 Giada hosts a bridal shower for a friend. The bride-to-be is given gifts and recipes for "Open-Faced Tuna Sandwiches with Arugula and Sweet-Pickle Mayonnaise", "White Bean and Roasted Eggplant Hummus" and "Coffee-Glazed Zeppole" are shared. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 So Kerry, I'm dying to know how he proposed. A good friend of mine's getting married, so I'm throwing her a bridal shower. And the menu's casual, but very elegant. First, my open-faced tuna sandwiches with arugula and sweet pickle mayonnaise. This is a hearty, succulent sandwich, and the arugula adds a bite. Then, there's my white bean and roasted eggplant hummus, crispy cucumbers with a light and delicious dip. And the best part, my coffee-glazed Italian doughnuts, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 bite-sized and impossible to eat just one. It's a bridal shower with a twist. I'm making home-made doughnuts 'cause I think they'll be really fun for the bridal shower, all the girls sitting around eating these little doughnuts. I think it'll be great. So, to make the dough it's super easy. 1/2 cup water, and a whole stick of butter, and I want room temperature butter. That way it melts easily in the water. I'm just gonna cut it up, just to make it easier, there we go. You want nice, soft butter. Remember, when you're baking, you always want to use room temperature ingredients. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 All right, I'm gonna turn on the stove, there we go, about medium heat. And... I just want to give it a little stir and get it going, so I want the butter to melt into the water. And we're also gonna sweeten it up a little, with a 1/4 cup of sugar. These doughnuts are gonna be great. And this is the same dough that they use to make eclairs and profiteroles, so in France, it's a very popular dough. And it's something that in cooking school, I made a lot! All right, so while that happens, I'm gonna grab a lemon. So I'm gonna zest a lemon and add lemon zest into the dough of these doughnuts. So in Italy, we call them zeppole, and when you're in naples, they sell them on the street, ones with glazes, with fillings, savory, sweet, whatever you want. So I thought it'd be fun for the girls to open gifts and to have some doughnuts. Plus, it's a great time for me to make them in the morning, 'cause I can taste them too, and have 'em for breakfast. It kind of just brightens up the doughnuts, I really like adding lemon to it 'cause it kind of gives it a little zing. So now that the sugar has dissolved, I want to add some salt, and just a pinch, so about 1/4 teaspoon. Just gonna turn the heat off and add 1 cup of flour. This is a really easy dough to make... You just want to measure out all the ingredients really well so that you get the right consistency in the dough. And slowly add the flour and start mixing it in, and the flour starts to absorb all the liquid. There we go. And slowly mix it in there. It just goes... And the idea is that you add the flour off the heat so that you don't burn the flour. And then once the flour has absorbed the water and the butter and the sugar, you turn the stove back on, like medium low, and cook the flour. And you cook it for about 1 to 2 minutes, just to cook out that raw flour taste. And it'll start to kind of dry out a little bit, and become a ball. When you tell people you made homemade doughnuts, everybody just goes "ooh" and "ah." What they don't realize is how easy it is to make. Okay, so now that that's all cooked, I'll turn it off, and show you how to make this really easy. You dump the dough into the mixer, just like that, and you start adding eggs. So I'm gonna add 4 eggs, but we're gonna do one yolk and 3 whole eggs. So I'm gonna start with the yolk, and you want to separate it, there we go. So add the yolk first, and you want to mix in between adding each egg. That way it incorporates really nicely and you get nice, Fluffy, thick dough that's smooth. Okay, add the lemon zest in there, and oh, it smells good. Mix that in... And start adding the eggs, one at a time, and let them sort of mix in the dough before you add the next one. So I'm gonna add the rest of the eggs and then I'm gonna pop the dough in the fridge so it can set for 15 minutes, heat up my oil, and make a glaze that is gonna be out of this world. And then, I'll get started on my hummus, it's exotic, light and loaded with flavor. I'm just cooking my doughnuts, and you want the oil to be at 375. And they cook for about 3 to 3 1/2 minutes. They kind of sink to the bottom and then slowly come up, and they puff up and get a nice, golden brown color. And last one, here we go. And while that happens, I'm gonna get started on my glaze. We're gonna grab some heavy cream. And we're gonna make this really good. A bowl here, so about 1/4 cup of heavy cream. And we're gonna add espresso powder... There we are, so 2 teaspoons of espresso powder, you can smell it, ooh, wakes you right up. And I need the fun in the glaze, the coffee liqueur, it kind of just gives it a nice kick. I think the girls are really gonna like it. Okay, let's grab a whisk and a spoon because I'm gonna show you something. I like to whisk these ingredients together, but then once I start adding the powdered sugar, I like to use a spoon because it gets too heavy for the whisk and I can't kind of move it around. How are you guys doin' over here? Ooh, this guy's done. Just put it on some paper towel to absorb any extra. And this guys' done too, look how cool that guy is. All right, let's make some room for him though. Come on over, right over there, there we are. Time for powdered sugar... 2 cups of powdered sugar. Powdered sugar, confectioner's sugar, it's all the same, it's nice and light, so it melts really nicely in the glaze. Let's just add that in, i like to do it one at a time, so I'm just gonna start mixing and then I'm gonna add a little bit more. And it's so cool because you can start to see the glaze forming right in front of you. So you don't want it to get too thick. And slowly, so you don't cover yourself in powdered sugar, you just kind of mix it together, and you can do any kind of glaze you want. But I think the coffee glaze, with a little bit of the coffee liqueur, it just kind of brings a whole, new, fun aspect to these doughnuts. And remember, if your glaze gets too thick, you can always add some water to it. You gotta mix it for a minute to kind of mix in everything before you decide what it's like. As you work it, it starts to soften. Okay, so now that that glaze is done, look at that, how nice is that! I just want to take the whole spoon and put it in my mouth. Okay, grab my tray here, now what I like to do is dip the doughnuts in it and then set it on this rack so that all the extra glaze can kind of just drop down. Just grab one... And dip it in there. Oh, look at that! So good, let me grab another one here. Dip it in there, what do you think? I think I should taste it. I don't think anybody's gonna miss it. Hmm. So good! All right, so I'm gonna finish glazing the rest of my doughnuts, and then I'm gonna go outside, and just cut some fresh flowers, I think they'll really be a nice accent on the table. Hmm. So I'm getting a head start on my hummus, and I want to roast the eggplant. So I'm cutting three Japanese eggplants. And I'm just cutting the eggplant about 2 inches thick. I just put it on the pan and we'll just drizzle it with a little extra virgin olive oil, salt and pepper, so it's super, super simple. There we go. That makes it nice and golden brown, and gives it lots of flavor too. Salt, a little freshly ground black pepper, and just toss it all together, spread 'em out so they cook evenly. And off to the oven we go, 450 for 20 to 25 minutes. They look so good, they're nice and golden brown, and see how they shrink down? It's gonna be perfect, now they need to cool. So in the meantime, I'm gonna grab... A head of garlic, and my beans. So with my beans, i just rinsed and drained a can of cannellini beans. And they're really great to use, you just have to remember to drain them and rinse them. Other than that, they're fantastic. So we also need a clove of garlic, and one clove is plenty, I don't like making these hummeses too garlicky. I just want to crush it and just peel it, throw it in there. Some parsley, some good ol' flatleaf parsley, about 1/3 cup or so, a little freshness, especially when you're using canned ingredients, you always want to add fresh ingredients to it. It kind of makes 'em sparkle and it makes 'em taste really, really good. So a little salt to flavor it, and some freshly ground black pepper. Then, the star, the lemon. So I'm just using the lemon that I used earlier to put in the doughnuts. And we're gonna use a whole lemon, and it's about 3 tablespoons worth. And that just kind of brightens up all the flavors. There we go, okay, I'm gonna give it a quick pulse. Now let's see... We're gonna add the eggplant. So I add all the eggplant, it kind of adds texture and meatiness to this. It's nice and light, vegetarian, get a little bit for everyone. And 1/3 cup of extra virgin olive oil, nice and fruity. And it brings it all together, makes it nice and smooth. There we go, ah, it smells so good, there's something about roasted eggplant, that is just divine. And I just put it in this little bowl. And look how smooth and thick and beautiful that is. All right, so now that I'm done with my hummus, I'm going to get started on my gourmet tuna melt. Grilled ahi and peppery arugula turn this sandwich into an elegant main course. So I'm just cutting the ciabatta and I just cut it horizontally, and now I'm cutting it into threes. So I have six sandwiches, I'm gonna make open-faced tuna melt sandwiches, but really good, gourmet ones. So I just want to toast my bread a little bit, and I'm using ciabatta bread 'cause it's gonna make it very gourmet and yummy. So I'm just gonna place the bread cut side down. As long as you have a hot grill, it doesn't take long. So while those heat up, let's grab the tuna, and some cheese, it's a tuna melt after all, and we'll also grab the arugula while we're here. So with the tuna, now I found really beautiful tuna steaks, and Kerry loves tuna so I thought it would be really fun to make these tuna melts. So here we go, they're about 4 ounces a piece. And they're absolutely gorgeous! So I'll just season both sides of the tuna. There we go. A little salt, and some freshly ground black pepper over all of them, and for even more flavor, and to make them a little extra special, I add a little herbes de provence right over the top, and I like it because it's a mixture of dried herbs, like basil and thyme, Rosemary, lavender, they kind of smoke on the grill and infuse into the tuna steaks, it is so good. I just want to flip 'em, and season the other side. You want to get nice, you know, small pieces of tuna, because you want to save room for the doughnuts. A little salt... A little pepper... And some herbes de provence on the other side too. All right, a little olive oil, just to keep them nice and moist. Okay now before we get those on i want to take the bread off, nice and toasty. Okay, let's get the tuna steaks on. And they need a couple of minutes on both sides. So now I need to grab some Mayo, and some pickles. Here we go. Now this is something that I started making when I was in college. We do about 3/4 cup mayonnaise, this is really good 'cause it keeps the tuna and the bread nice and moist. We're gonna use three pickles. A little tanginess with the tuna is really, really good. I just want to kind of dice the pickle, and they're so yummy in this. Throw that into the Mayo and mix it up, it kind of gives it a nice bite. And that's it, it's done. And tuna doesn't have to cook for very long, and see you get those nice grill marks. That's why I love grilling it, grilling fish and meat because it looks so elegant and so pretty. And gives a little bit of that smoky flavor too. Perfect, so another couple of minutes on that side. But what I like to do, as I finish it, is add the cheese, white cheddar cheese, 'cause I'm making it elegant and gourmet. Just one slice per tuna, just like that, and it kind of warms up the cheese and slowly starts to melt it. There we go. All right, while that heats up, I'm gonna grab the bread, and we are going to... Just add the pickled mayonnaise all over the bread. This is such a great way to enjoy a classic dish, and the girls are gonna love it. There we go. This one's got a nice amount of it, this is mine. Let's check on the tuna. This one looks perfect, the cheese is just starting to melt and soften, it looks beautiful on the meat, there we go. And this one's starting to melt every so slightly also. And I'll show you how i finish it off. Instead of adding regular lettuce, I'm gonna add some arugula, some pepperiness when you bite into it, plus it looks beautiful and we're not eating a salad, so we're getting our salad. Right on top here, that's right. Look how pretty that looks. Drizzle just a little bit of olive oil over the top of the arugula, so that the arugula leaves glisten. Isn't that gorgeous? All right, so the food's done just in time, because my bride-to-be should be here any minute. I'm so excited. And up next, a bridal shower filled with best wishes and amazing dishes. Did he get down on one knee? Of course! What are you talkin' about, what are you talkin' about? She's telling us the whole story. Well I want to hear the story too. Okay ladies, lunch is served, come, come, come, we'll chat about all that stuff. So Kerry, you'll sit here. So we have a few little things to nibble on... Can we have those first? No, that's why they're next to me. So we have an eggplant dip. And then we have tuna sandwiches you guys, gourmet tuna sandwiches. Kerry, would you like some champagne? Yes. Are you setting me up for something here? Don't hit anybody in the face. I won't. I'm dying to know how he proposed. Okay, so we were settling into our room... Oh gosh, gorgeous, she's like, "i love it." And the ring was hanging on one of the flower pistils. Oh my gosh, how romantic! Did you say "yes" before the champagne came? Yes. All right, to Kerry, on that note. Congratulations! Hmm, pickled mayonnaise... Is this arugula? Yeah, it's arugula. It's so good, it adds like, sweetness to it. And this just like, has such a smokiness. Are you guys ready for a little dessert? Yes! Since it's staring all of us in the face? All for you, Kerry. I just want to dive right in. Oh my gosh, good thing there's a lot of them, 'cause I could go to town on these. I can see giada with her finger... Oh yeah, if nobody was here, i would just take all of 'em and put 'em in my mouth, suck it all off and put 'em back. All right you guys, do you want to do a little gift opening? So everybody was given a time of day to get a gift, so we're gonna start with a little rise and shine. Ooh Sandra, thank you! I'm such a coffee lover! Oh my gosh, that's gorgeous! That's beautiful! happy hour, Jessica's favorite. Nice! That is so pretty! This is great! All right, now for the last gift, let's see if you like your little night cap. And it's from giada, thank you. Ooh, sexy... I love the midnight blue. Nice, thank you, i hope it fits. I hope it fits too, let's see... I had so much fun! Closed captions provided by scripps networks, llc 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 