Giada at Home: Season 2, Episode 28 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Giada at Home 
 s2e28 - Let Them Eat Cake - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Giada at Home (2008–…): Season 2, Episode 28 - Let Them Eat Cake - full transcript 
 Giada hosts a cake decorating "contest" for kids, where everyone is a winner. In addition to frosting and sprinkles, Giada serves up "Grilled Cheese with Spinach and Pancetta", "Fish Sticks with Marinara Sauce" and "Berry Lemonade" made with a special vanilla bean simple syrup. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 >>> I have a big family and when we all get together, it's always a huge feast. We all get together, it's always a huge feast. Usually it's Italian, but this a huge feast. Usually it's Italian, but this time I'm making another family usually it's Italian, but this time I'm making another family favorite, my cheese food. Time I'm making another family favorite, my cheese food. Su shumai, Chinese dumplings favorite, my cheese food. Su shumai, Chinese dumplings stuffed with shrimp and steam. Su shumai, Chinese dumplings stuffed with shrimp and steam. They're pretty, little packages stuffed with shrimp and steam. They're pretty, little packages packed with big flavors. They're pretty, little packages packed with big flavors. Orange and pineapple beef, packed with big flavors. Orange and pineapple beef, sliced beef tenderloin with a orange and pineapple beef, sliced beef tenderloin with a pineapple, orange and soy sauce, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 sliced beef tenderloin with a pineapple, orange and soy sauce, the perfect combination of sweet pineapple, orange and soy sauce, the perfect combination of sweet and savory, and vegetable the perfect combination of sweet and savory, and vegetable chow mein your taste buds can't and savory, and vegetable chow mein your taste buds can't resist this duo of soft noodles chow mein your taste buds can't resist this duo of soft noodles and crunchy veggies. Resist this duo of soft noodles and crunchy veggies. A de laurentiis dinner with an and crunchy veggies. A de laurentiis dinner with an Asian twist. A de laurentiis dinner with an Asian twist. [ Speaking in foreign language ] ♪♪ I'm starting with my orange and pineapple beef today for my I'm starting with my orange and pineapple beef today for my Chinese menu and I think this is pineapple beef today for my Chinese menu and I think this is going to be fun and I think my Chinese menu and I think this is going to be fun and I think my family is going to be pleasantly going to be fun and I think my family is going to be pleasantly surprised when they find out I'm family is going to be pleasantly surprised when they find out I'm making Chinese. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Surprised when they find out I'm making Chinese. You want to add vegetable oil to making Chinese. You want to add vegetable oil to the bottom of the pan. You want to add vegetable oil to the bottom of the pan. We're going to start with beef the bottom of the pan. We're going to start with beef tenderloin. We're going to start with beef tenderloin. I got two two-pound pieces. Tenderloin. I got two two-pound pieces. I love beef tenderloin. I got two two-pound pieces. I love beef tenderloin. It's tender and moist. I love beef tenderloin. It's tender and moist. We'll season it with salt and it's tender and moist. We'll season it with salt and pepper on both sides and stick we'll season it with salt and pepper on both sides and stick it in the frying pan and get it pepper on both sides and stick it in the frying pan and get it nice and brown, create a little it in the frying pan and get it nice and brown, create a little crust on the meat. Nice and brown, create a little crust on the meat. Again, a little salt and pepper crust on the meat. Again, a little salt and pepper on both sides. Again, a little salt and pepper on both sides. You get the pan nice and hot. On both sides. You get the pan nice and hot. You want to get a little sizzle you get the pan nice and hot. You want to get a little sizzle going. You want to get a little sizzle going. While that starts to get nice going. While that starts to get nice and brown, I'm going to grab while that starts to get nice and brown, I'm going to grab some pineapple and some soy and brown, I'm going to grab some pineapple and some soy sauce. Some pineapple and some soy sauce. And we are going to make a super sauce. And we are going to make a super yummy orange pineapple sauce. And we are going to make a super yummy orange pineapple sauce. We're going to use canned yummy orange pineapple sauce. We're going to use canned pineapple chunks in heavy syrup, we're going to use canned pineapple chunks in heavy syrup, and you definitely want it in pineapple chunks in heavy syrup, and you definitely want it in heavy syrup because you need a and you definitely want it in heavy syrup because you need a little bit of that sugar and heavy syrup because you need a little bit of that sugar and that thickness and we're going little bit of that sugar and that thickness and we're going to blend it all together and that thickness and we're going to blend it all together and create a nice thick but smooth to blend it all together and create a nice thick but smooth sauce. Create a nice thick but smooth sauce. Then we're going to measure out sauce. Then we're going to measure out one cup of plain old orange then we're going to measure out one cup of plain old orange juice, with a little bit of that one cup of plain old orange juice, with a little bit of that tang, that citrus with that juice, with a little bit of that tang, that citrus with that sweet pineapple. Tang, that citrus with that sweet pineapple. Then to that, we're going to add sweet pineapple. Then to that, we're going to add a quarter cup of soy sauce, and then to that, we're going to add a quarter cup of soy sauce, and i like to use reduced sodium soy a quarter cup of soy sauce, and i like to use reduced sodium soy sauce so I can control how much I like to use reduced sodium soy sauce so I can control how much salt is in it and it just adds a sauce so I can control how much salt is in it and it just adds a salty bite. Salt is in it and it just adds a salty bite. Now, we need a little garlic, salty bite. Now, we need a little garlic, lemon, and ginger. Now, we need a little garlic, lemon, and ginger. We're going to add lots of lemon, and ginger. We're going to add lots of flavor to this sauce. We're going to add lots of flavor to this sauce. Roll it, and cut it. Flavor to this sauce. Roll it, and cut it. We're going to use a quarter cup roll it, and cut it. We're going to use a quarter cup of lemon juice. We're going to use a quarter cup of lemon juice. You need a little lemon juice to of lemon juice. You need a little lemon juice to balance out the sweetness from you need a little lemon juice to balance out the sweetness from the pineapple, and you need a balance out the sweetness from the pineapple, and you need a little acid in there, too. The pineapple, and you need a little acid in there, too. All right, now, we need three little acid in there, too. All right, now, we need three garlic cloves. All right, now, we need three garlic cloves. Done with that. Garlic cloves. Done with that. Let's chop up the garlic. Done with that. Let's chop up the garlic. Put the garlic in there. Let's chop up the garlic. Put the garlic in there. Now, let's see about our meat. Put the garlic in there. Now, let's see about our meat. Oh, looking great. Now, let's see about our meat. Oh, looking great. Nice crust. Oh, looking great. Nice crust. Now we need ginger, very popular nice crust. Now we need ginger, very popular again in Chinese food. Now we need ginger, very popular again in Chinese food. The ginger has a thick zin and again in Chinese food. The ginger has a thick zin and the ginger has a thick zin and skin and it's very fibrous. Skin and it's very fibrous. You want to cut a bunch of it skin and it's very fibrous. You want to cut a bunch of it off and then we're going to chop you want to cut a bunch of it off and then we're going to chop up the ginger. Off and then we're going to chop up the ginger. Release all of the flavor. Up the ginger. Release all of the flavor. This has got like this little release all of the flavor. This has got like this little spicy bite to it, which is going this has got like this little spicy bite to it, which is going to be really good mixed in with spicy bite to it, which is going to be really good mixed in with the pineapple. To be really good mixed in with the pineapple. There we go. The pineapple. There we go. A little ginger. There we go. A little ginger. Then we need a little bit of a little ginger. Then we need a little bit of sugar just to balance out the then we need a little bit of sugar just to balance out the flavors. Sugar just to balance out the flavors. One, two, and three tablespoons flavors. One, two, and three tablespoons of sugar. One, two, and three tablespoons of sugar. And a little bit of salt and one of sugar. And a little bit of salt and one more thing. And a little bit of salt and one more thing. We need a little arrow root. More thing. We need a little arrow root. We need one tablespoon of arrow we need a little arrow root. We need one tablespoon of arrow root. We need one tablespoon of arrow root. Arrow root is a thickener, root. Arrow root is a thickener, similar to corn starch but arrow root is a thickener, similar to corn starch but unlike corn starch, when you add similar to corn starch but unlike corn starch, when you add the arrow root to acid like unlike corn starch, when you add the arrow root to acid like lemon and orange sus, it creates the arrow root to acid like lemon and orange sus, it creates a smooth sauce without any lemon and orange sus, it creates a smooth sauce without any grittiness. A smooth sauce without any grittiness. Let's blend it all together. Grittiness. Let's blend it all together. There we go. Let's blend it all together. There we go. Smells like a Hawaiian tropical there we go. Smells like a Hawaiian tropical drink with a little salt in it. Smells like a Hawaiian tropical drink with a little salt in it. It's really good. Drink with a little salt in it. It's really good. So the meat is brown on all it's really good. So the meat is brown on all sides. So the meat is brown on all sides. We're going to turn off the sides. We're going to turn off the stove, and grab the tenderloin. We're going to turn off the stove, and grab the tenderloin. Look at that. Stove, and grab the tenderloin. Look at that. Is that not gorgeous? Look at that. Is that not gorgeous? And we're going to put the beef is that not gorgeous? And we're going to put the beef tenderloin right on the baking and we're going to put the beef tenderloin right on the baking sheet that we've already greased tenderloin right on the baking sheet that we've already greased and we're going t pop it in a sheet that we've already greased and we're going t pop it in a 400-degree oven until it's and we're going t pop it in a 400-degree oven until it's medium rare inside. 400-degree oven until it's medium rare inside. It's going to be so, so good. Medium rare inside. It's going to be so, so good. ♪♪ It's going to be so, so good. ♪♪ now, while that bakes, we are ♪♪ now, while that bakes, we are going to thicken the sauce and now, while that bakes, we are going to thicken the sauce and put it in the pan when we brown going to thicken the sauce and put it in the pan when we brown the tenderloin, just like that. Put it in the pan when we brown the tenderloin, just like that. Turn the stove to about medium, the tenderloin, just like that. Turn the stove to about medium, turn the stove to about medium, medium-low and we're going to medium-low and we're going to pick up all the little bits from medium-low and we're going to pick up all the little bits from the Browning of the meat, so pick up all the little bits from the Browning of the meat, so that it enhances the flavor of the Browning of the meat, so that it enhances the flavor of the sauce. That it enhances the flavor of the sauce. What we're going to do is simmer the sauce. What we're going to do is simmer the sauce for about five what we're going to do is simmer the sauce for about five minutes, until it's slightly the sauce for about five minutes, until it's slightly thickened all of the flavors minutes, until it's slightly thickened all of the flavors blend together. Thickened all of the flavors blend together. Up next I'll make a family blend together. Up next I'll make a family favorite, >>> so I started on my vegetable chow mein and already cut up my two cups of green beans and chow mein and already cut up my two cups of green beans and already cut one and a half two cups of green beans and already cut one and a half carrots an he love this dish. Already cut one and a half carrots an he love this dish. It's sort of the Chinese version carrots an he love this dish. It's sort of the Chinese version of Italian pasta primavera, it's sort of the Chinese version of Italian pasta primavera, loaded with lots of vegetables of Italian pasta primavera, loaded with lots of vegetables and noodles. Loaded with lots of vegetables and noodles. Chow mein has to do with the way and noodles. Chow mein has to do with the way you cook the need noodles. Chow mein has to do with the way you cook the need noodles. In a chow mein you steam or boil you cook the need noodles. In a chow mein you steam or boil the noodles first and stir-fry in a chow mein you steam or boil the noodles first and stir-fry them and lo mein you steam or the noodles first and stir-fry them and lo mein you steam or boil the noodles so it's a them and lo mein you steam or boil the noodles so it's a little bit different texture. Boil the noodles so it's a little bit different texture. We seasoned the water with a little bit different texture. We seasoned the water with a little bit of salt. We seasoned the water with a little bit of salt. Those are going to cook for little bit of salt. Those are going to cook for about a minute and we're going those are going to cook for about a minute and we're going to grab this ice bath and what about a minute and we're going to grab this ice bath and what we want to do is shock them to grab this ice bath and what we want to do is shock them basically and put them in the we want to do is shock them basically and put them in the ice bath and stop the cooking basically and put them in the ice bath and stop the cooking process because you still want ice bath and stop the cooking process because you still want them to be kind of crunchy, just process because you still want them to be kind of crunchy, just a little bit crunchy at the end them to be kind of crunchy, just a little bit crunchy at the end of the process of cooking. A little bit crunchy at the end of the process of cooking. We're going to cook them again of the process of cooking. We're going to cook them again in the stir-fry, and now we'll we're going to cook them again in the stir-fry, and now we'll take them out. In the stir-fry, and now we'll take them out. There we go. Take them out. There we go. And we'll just cool right in there we go. And we'll just cool right in there, we'll turn off the stove, and we'll just cool right in there, we'll turn off the stove, we're done with that. There, we'll turn off the stove, we're done with that. Now we're going to put these we're done with that. Now we're going to put these back here and let them cool, and now we're going to put these back here and let them cool, and we're going to get the water back here and let them cool, and we're going to get the water because we need to start we're going to get the water because we need to start stir-frying. Because we need to start stir-frying. We'll move it back here. Stir-frying. We'll move it back here. Perfect. We'll move it back here. Perfect. Okay, so now, moving on to the perfect. Okay, so now, moving on to the stir-fry part, we'll let that okay, so now, moving on to the stir-fry part, we'll let that cool. Stir-fry part, we'll let that cool. Grab my nonstick skillet and cool. Grab my nonstick skillet and start prepping it's the aeromat grab my nonstick skillet and start prepping it's the aeromat so we'll use three garlic cloves start prepping it's the aeromat so we'll use three garlic cloves and just peel the garlic cloves. So we'll use three garlic cloves and just peel the garlic cloves. Okay, garlic is ready, moving and just peel the garlic cloves. Okay, garlic is ready, moving on, to the ginger. Okay, garlic is ready, moving on, to the ginger. The pretty fibrous, you want to on, to the ginger. The pretty fibrous, you want to chop it small so it melts into the pretty fibrous, you want to chop it small so it melts into the sauce. Chop it small so it melts into the sauce. Perfect, and about five or six the sauce. Perfect, and about five or six medium sized shiitakes. Perfect, and about five or six medium sized shiitakes. They're medium, like sponges, so medium sized shiitakes. They're medium, like sponges, so they absorb everything that you they're medium, like sponges, so they absorb everything that you give them, all of the flavors. They absorb everything that you give them, all of the flavors. And I'm slicing them pretty give them, all of the flavors. And I'm slicing them pretty thinly, and they cook pretty and I'm slicing them pretty thinly, and they cook pretty quickly. Thinly, and they cook pretty quickly. All right. Quickly. All right. So the mushrooms are done. All right. So the mushrooms are done. So now you want to do this about so the mushrooms are done. So now you want to do this about medium high heat, and we're so now you want to do this about medium high heat, and we're going to heat up some vegetable medium high heat, and we're going to heat up some vegetable oil. Going to heat up some vegetable oil. So there we go. Oil. So there we go. It's about three tablespoons of so there we go. It's about three tablespoons of vegetable oil. It's about three tablespoons of vegetable oil. We'll start with the garlic, and vegetable oil. We'll start with the garlic, and the ginger, and you don't want we'll start with the garlic, and the ginger, and you don't want the heat to be too high in the the ginger, and you don't want the heat to be too high in the pan right when you start because the heat to be too high in the pan right when you start because if the pan's too hot, it will pan right when you start because if the pan's too hot, it will torch the garlic and make it if the pan's too hot, it will torch the garlic and make it bitter. Torch the garlic and make it bitter. We're going to grab our noodles bitter. We're going to grab our noodles and our water chestnuts. We're going to grab our noodles and our water chestnuts. The water chestnuts we'll add in and our water chestnuts. The water chestnuts we'll add in a little bit and we have our the water chestnuts we'll add in a little bit and we have our chow mein noodles. A little bit and we have our chow mein noodles. They look like spaghetti, chow mein noodles. They look like spaghetti, another reason why it's the they look like spaghetti, another reason why it's the Italian version of pasta another reason why it's the Italian version of pasta primavera. Italian version of pasta primavera. They're made with wheat flour primavera. They're made with wheat flour and I boiled them in salty water they're made with wheat flour and I boiled them in salty water like you would with regular and I boiled them in salty water like you would with regular pasta. Like you would with regular pasta. It takes about five to seven pasta. It takes about five to seven minutes to cook these. It takes about five to seven minutes to cook these. You want to make them tender. Minutes to cook these. You want to make them tender. Pat them try and take out any of you want to make them tender. Pat them try and take out any of the extra moisture and liquid so pat them try and take out any of the extra moisture and liquid so they stir-fry in there, and not the extra moisture and liquid so they stir-fry in there, and not boil. They stir-fry in there, and not boil. And let's add the mushrooms. Boil. And let's add the mushrooms. Then we need our cooled carrot and let's add the mushrooms. Then we need our cooled carrot and green beans, let some of the then we need our cooled carrot and green beans, let some of the water drain out. And green beans, let some of the water drain out. See how beautiful the color is? Water drain out. See how beautiful the color is? Nice and crispy beans? See how beautiful the color is? Nice and crispy beans? Oh, yeah, baby. Nice and crispy beans? Oh, yeah, baby. Perfect. Oh, yeah, baby. Perfect. We've got that. Perfect. We've got that. Get that right in there. We've got that. Get that right in there. Okay. Get that right in there. Okay. Time for the water chestnuts, okay. Time for the water chestnuts, just drain them and I really time for the water chestnuts, just drain them and I really like them because they add some just drain them and I really like them because they add some crunch to the stir-fry, so we're like them because they add some crunch to the stir-fry, so we're going to add the water chestnuts crunch to the stir-fry, so we're going to add the water chestnuts as well and now we start with going to add the water chestnuts as well and now we start with the condiments, we need a as well and now we start with the condiments, we need a quarter cup chicken broth, low the condiments, we need a quarter cup chicken broth, low sodium to control the salt and quarter cup chicken broth, low sodium to control the salt and cook the chicken with the sodium to control the salt and cook the chicken with the vegetables and it adds a lot of cook the chicken with the vegetables and it adds a lot of flavor, and then hoisin. Vegetables and it adds a lot of flavor, and then hoisin. Hoysin is a wonderful sauce, it flavor, and then hoisin. Hoysin is a wonderful sauce, it kind of is sweet and spicy and hoysin is a wonderful sauce, it kind of is sweet and spicy and salty all in one and it's made kind of is sweet and spicy and salty all in one and it's made of soy bean paste, a little salty all in one and it's made of soy bean paste, a little chili pepper, some vinegar and of soy bean paste, a little chili pepper, some vinegar and some garlic and we'll use about chili pepper, some vinegar and some garlic and we'll use about half a cup. Some garlic and we'll use about half a cup. Then soy sauce. Half a cup. Then soy sauce. A little soy sauce, again, that then soy sauce. A little soy sauce, again, that salty flavor, you can't get a little soy sauce, again, that salty flavor, you can't get anywhere else really, and a salty flavor, you can't get anywhere else really, and a couple tablespoons, just like anywhere else really, and a couple tablespoons, just like two is fine, and a couple couple tablespoons, just like two is fine, and a couple tablespoons of good old honey, two is fine, and a couple tablespoons of good old honey, and the honey adds kind of a tablespoons of good old honey, and the honey adds kind of a floral, sweet thickness that you and the honey adds kind of a floral, sweet thickness that you really want, so two tablespoons floral, sweet thickness that you really want, so two tablespoons of honey. Really want, so two tablespoons of honey. And we're going to cook this for of honey. And we're going to cook this for two minutes and then I'm going and we're going to cook this for two minutes and then I'm going to put it on a platter, and then two minutes and then I'm going to put it on a platter, and then garnish it with a little bit of to put it on a platter, and then garnish it with a little bit of chopped green onion, and then up garnish it with a little bit of chopped green onion, and then up next I'm going to make the chopped green onion, and then up next I'm going to make the favorite, sh >>> so I'm going to get started on my third dish, making the shrimp shumai. On my third dish, making the shrimp shumai. I'll start with the dipping shrimp shumai. I'll start with the dipping sauce. I'll start with the dipping sauce. We'll do a quarter cup of soy sauce. We'll do a quarter cup of soy sauce and we'll spice it up with we'll do a quarter cup of soy sauce and we'll spice it up with sriracha. Sauce and we'll spice it up with sriracha. We only need three-quarters of a sriracha. We only need three-quarters of a teaspoon. We only need three-quarters of a teaspoon. I'll put that on the table and teaspoon. I'll put that on the table and my aunt will add that to I'll put that on the table and my aunt will add that to everything but it gets spicy so my aunt will add that to everything but it gets spicy so you just want to be careful. Everything but it gets spicy so you just want to be careful. We need something sweet, two you just want to be careful. We need something sweet, two tablespoons of thick, rich, we need something sweet, two tablespoons of thick, rich, wonderful honey, and we need one tablespoons of thick, rich, wonderful honey, and we need one garlic clove. Wonderful honey, and we need one garlic clove. So we're just going to chop up garlic clove. So we're just going to chop up the garlic and add it in there. So we're just going to chop up the garlic and add it in there. Bring a dip of shumai in the the garlic and add it in there. Bring a dip of shumai in the dipping sauce. Bring a dip of shumai in the dipping sauce. It's going to be super, super dipping sauce. It's going to be super, super yummy and shumai is basically a it's going to be super, super yummy and shumai is basically a word for dumpling in Chinese. Yummy and shumai is basically a word for dumpling in Chinese. And we're just going to whisk word for dumpling in Chinese. And we're just going to whisk everything together. And we're just going to whisk everything together. As the honey is dissolved, we're everything together. As the honey is dissolved, we're done with the dipping sauce. As the honey is dissolved, we're done with the dipping sauce. So it's time to get started on done with the dipping sauce. So it's time to get started on the filling for the shrimp so it's time to get started on the filling for the shrimp shumai. The filling for the shrimp shumai. So one egg white, there we go. Shumai. So one egg white, there we go. Then to the egg white we're so one egg white, there we go. Then to the egg white we're going to add a teaspoon of then to the egg white we're going to add a teaspoon of sesame oil, and the sesame oil going to add a teaspoon of sesame oil, and the sesame oil is toasted and it's very rich, sesame oil, and the sesame oil is toasted and it's very rich, and so you want just a little is toasted and it's very rich, and so you want just a little bit to kind of flavor it, and and so you want just a little bit to kind of flavor it, and then we're going to add half a bit to kind of flavor it, and then we're going to add half a teaspoon of arrow root to then we're going to add half a teaspoon of arrow root to thicken it, and then you just teaspoon of arrow root to thicken it, and then you just whisk it all together. Thicken it, and then you just whisk it all together. We're going to do vegetables and whisk it all together. We're going to do vegetables and we're going to do the shrimp, so we're going to do vegetables and we're going to do the shrimp, so we're going to use half of a we're going to do the shrimp, so we're going to use half of a pepper, nice red bell pepper, we're going to use half of a pepper, nice red bell pepper, because you're going to see only pepper, nice red bell pepper, because you're going to see only a little bit of filling, goes because you're going to see only a little bit of filling, goes into every shumai, so what we're a little bit of filling, goes into every shumai, so what we're going to do is we're going to into every shumai, so what we're going to do is we're going to puree some of the filling, and going to do is we're going to puree some of the filling, and keep the other half of the puree some of the filling, and keep the other half of the filling kind of chunky, so you keep the other half of the filling kind of chunky, so you get the best of both worlds. Filling kind of chunky, so you get the best of both worlds. There we go. Get the best of both worlds. There we go. So red pepper is in. There we go. So red pepper is in. Next, one carrot. So red pepper is in. Next, one carrot. I've already peeled it, just cut next, one carrot. I've already peeled it, just cut the ends off of it. I've already peeled it, just cut the ends off of it. We're going to cut it up. The ends off of it. We're going to cut it up. Little cubes, just like that. We're going to cut it up. Little cubes, just like that. And the carrot adds, again, a little cubes, just like that. And the carrot adds, again, a little bit of sweetness. And the carrot adds, again, a little bit of sweetness. Now, we need some chives, little bit of sweetness. Now, we need some chives, because we need kind of a mellow now, we need some chives, because we need kind of a mellow onion flavor. Because we need kind of a mellow onion flavor. I like to cut the ends off the onion flavor. I like to cut the ends off the chives because a lot of times I like to cut the ends off the chives because a lot of times they tend to be on the dry side chives because a lot of times they tend to be on the dry side and we're going to just chop the they tend to be on the dry side and we're going to just chop the chives, add that in there. And we're going to just chop the chives, add that in there. Okay, now, time for a little bit chives, add that in there. Okay, now, time for a little bit of ginger. Okay, now, time for a little bit of ginger. So now, we need some peas. Of ginger. So now, we need some peas. And I love these, they're little so now, we need some peas. And I love these, they're little peas instead of the bigger peas, and I love these, they're little peas instead of the bigger peas, and I have a quarter cup that I peas instead of the bigger peas, and I have a quarter cup that i defrosted, put them right in and I have a quarter cup that i defrosted, put them right in here. Defrosted, put them right in here. They have a nice, vibrant green here. They have a nice, vibrant green color. They have a nice, vibrant green color. Now pull this all together. Color. Now pull this all together. Let's add a little bit of salt now pull this all together. Let's add a little bit of salt into the filling. Let's add a little bit of salt into the filling. I need to grab one more thing, into the filling. I need to grab one more thing, shrimp, while we're here, egg I need to grab one more thing, shrimp, while we're here, egg roll wrappers. Shrimp, while we're here, egg roll wrappers. So egg roll wrappers we'll use roll wrappers. So egg roll wrappers we'll use in a minute. So egg roll wrappers we'll use in a minute. Here are my shrimp, just a half in a minute. Here are my shrimp, just a half a pound of beautiful shrimp, I here are my shrimp, just a half a pound of beautiful shrimp, i got them peeled and deveined a pound of beautiful shrimp, i got them peeled and deveined already. Got them peeled and deveined already. Put them on my board, and I'm already. Put them on my board, and I'm just going to chop the shrimp, put them on my board, and I'm just going to chop the shrimp, add that right in there, shrimp just going to chop the shrimp, add that right in there, shrimp are done, all right, I'm just add that right in there, shrimp are done, all right, I'm just going to rinse my hands off, and are done, all right, I'm just going to rinse my hands off, and we are ready to start turning going to rinse my hands off, and we are ready to start turning half of our mixture into a we are ready to start turning half of our mixture into a paste. Half of our mixture into a paste. So half of it goes in the food paste. So half of it goes in the food so half of it goes in the food processor. Processor. Awesome. Processor. Awesome. We get rid of the blade. Awesome. We get rid of the blade. Mmm. We get rid of the blade. Mmm. Sesame oil, you really smell it, mmm. Sesame oil, you really smell it, it smells so good. Sesame oil, you really smell it, it smells so good. Now, let's get all of the it smells so good. Now, let's get all of the mixture in there. Now, let's get all of the mixture in there. See how it's kind of like a mixture in there. See how it's kind of like a cream or a paste? See how it's kind of like a cream or a paste? Perfect. Cream or a paste? Perfect. And mix that all together. Perfect. And mix that all together. So now we have our shrimp shumai and mix that all together. So now we have our shrimp shumai filling. So now we have our shrimp shumai filling. Let's start putting it together. Filling. Let's start putting it together. So we're going to grab our egg let's start putting it together. So we're going to grab our egg roll wrappers, and you can find so we're going to grab our egg roll wrappers, and you can find them in your grocery store. Roll wrappers, and you can find them in your grocery store. Usually it's in the dairy them in your grocery store. Usually it's in the dairy section. Usually it's in the dairy section. So now, I take one egg roll section. So now, I take one egg roll wrapper. So now, I take one egg roll wrapper. I take my knife and I cut it in wrapper. I take my knife and I cut it in fourths, so you have four little I take my knife and I cut it in fourths, so you have four little squares, and I take one square fourths, so you have four little squares, and I take one square and we get a tablespoon measure, squares, and I take one square and we get a tablespoon measure, and you really want to measure and we get a tablespoon measure, and you really want to measure it, because that way, each and you really want to measure it, because that way, each shumai is the same size, and it, because that way, each shumai is the same size, and they all cook evenly. Shumai is the same size, and they all cook evenly. And then I take my fingers and they all cook evenly. And then I take my fingers and put them in a little bit of and then I take my fingers and put them in a little bit of water to kind of seal the edges. Put them in a little bit of water to kind of seal the edges. We take one corner, and I lift water to kind of seal the edges. We take one corner, and I lift it up, and put it right against we take one corner, and I lift it up, and put it right against the filling, and pinch it, and it up, and put it right against the filling, and pinch it, and then I take the other corner, the filling, and pinch it, and then I take the other corner, lift it up, right against the then I take the other corner, lift it up, right against the filling, and pinch it, the third lift it up, right against the filling, and pinch it, the third corner, and the fourth corner, filling, and pinch it, the third corner, and the fourth corner, and then the other four sides, corner, and the fourth corner, and then the other four sides, you can pinch all of those as and then the other four sides, you can pinch all of those as well. You can pinch all of those as well. And then you take a little well. And then you take a little spatula, lift it up, and see how and then you take a little spatula, lift it up, and see how cute and dainty it is, and you spatula, lift it up, and see how cute and dainty it is, and you put it into your bamboo steamer. Cute and dainty it is, and you put it into your bamboo steamer. I sprayed it with a little put it into your bamboo steamer. I sprayed it with a little nonstick cooking spray. I sprayed it with a little nonstick cooking spray. There's a little bit of water nonstick cooking spray. There's a little bit of water down there that's simmering and there's a little bit of water down there that's simmering and the heat is going to cook these down there that's simmering and the heat is going to cook these guys. The heat is going to cook these guys. You're going to cook them until guys. You're going to cook them until the shrimp is pink. You're going to cook them until the shrimp is pink. It will take about six to seven the shrimp is pink. It will take about six to seven minutes. It will take about six to seven minutes. All right, so again, a little minutes. All right, so again, a little bit of filling right in the all right, so again, a little bit of filling right in the center. ♪♪ all right, there we go. Okay. All right, there we go. Okay. Put it in here. Okay. Put it in here. And I can smell the beef. Put it in here. And I can smell the beef. Remember the beef tenderloin? And I can smell the beef. Remember the beef tenderloin? It should be done. Remember the beef tenderloin? It should be done. Look at these guys. It should be done. Look at these guys. Look how beautiful they are. Look at these guys. Look how beautiful they are. Look at that brown crust. Look how beautiful they are. Look at that brown crust. And what we want to do before look at that brown crust. And what we want to do before you cut any kind of beef is you and what we want to do before you cut any kind of beef is you want to tent it for a little you cut any kind of beef is you want to tent it for a little while, about 15 minutes, before want to tent it for a little while, about 15 minutes, before you cut into it, otherwise the while, about 15 minutes, before you cut into it, otherwise the juices will run out and won't be you cut into it, otherwise the juices will run out and won't be as moist and tender, and I'm juices will run out and won't be as moist and tender, and I'm going to finish making the rest as moist and tender, and I'm going to finish making the rest of my shumai, and up next, it's ♪♪ >>> orange pineapple sauce for the beef, shrimp shumai. >>> Orange pineapple sauce for the beef, shrimp shumai. >> Awesome! The beef, shrimp shumai. >> Awesome! >> Nice, j.D. >> Awesome! >> Nice, j.D. >> These are very fancy. >> Nice, j.D. >> These are very fancy. >> We all love Chinese, don't >> these are very fancy. >> We all love Chinese, don't we? >> We all love Chinese, don't we? >> I love it. We? >> I love it. >> I love it. >> I love it. >> I love it. >> Look at Julian eating his >> I love it. >> Look at Julian eating his noodles. >> Look at Julian eating his noodles. Good job. Noodles. Good job. Julian, are you the Chinese food good job. Julian, are you the Chinese food fan over here? Julian, are you the Chinese food fan over here? >> Look at him. Fan over here? >> Look at him. >> Which one do you like the >> look at him. >> Which one do you like the best? >> Which one do you like the best? The noodles or the rice? Best? The noodles or the rice? >> He likes it all. The noodles or the rice? >> He likes it all. >> Are you loving this beef? >> He likes it all. >> Are you loving this beef? >> Are you loving this beef? >> Loving this beef. >> Loving this beef. >> And eating it with the >> loving this beef. >> And eating it with the pineapple orange sauce. >> And eating it with the pineapple orange sauce. >> Going to give her spicy pineapple orange sauce. >> Going to give her spicy mustard? >> Going to give her spicy mustard? >> I'm not going to give her mustard? >> I'm not going to give her spicy mustard. >> I'm not going to give her spicy mustard. ♪♪ Spicy mustard. ♪♪ >> what's this sauce? ♪♪ >> what's this sauce? >> A little hoysin, soy sauce, >> what's this sauce? >> A little hoysin, soy sauce, some ginger. >> A little hoysin, soy sauce, some ginger. >> Mmm, so good. Some ginger. >> Mmm, so good. >> These dumplings are good. >> Mmm, so good. >> These dumplings are good. >> Very good. >> These dumplings are good. >> Very good. >> Chocolate on them. >> Very good. >> Chocolate on them. >> These ones are really >> chocolate on them. >> These ones are really Italian. >> These ones are really Italian. [ Speaking in foreign language ] Italian. [ Speaking in foreign language ] Translate? [ Speaking in foreign language ] Translate? [ Speaking in foreign language ] Translate? [ Speaking in foreign language ] >> What does that mean? [ Speaking in foreign language ] >> What does that mean? >> You go slowly and you will >> what does that mean? >> You go slowly and you will make it to where you're going. >> You go slowly and you will make it to where you're going. [ Speaking in foreign language ] Make it to where you're going. [ Speaking in foreign language ] >> Yes, to a good day. [ Speaking in foreign language ] >> Yes, to a good day. [ Speaking in foreign language ] >> Yes, to a good day. [ Speaking in foreign language ] That that doesn't kill you make [ speaking in foreign language ] That that doesn't kill you make you fatter. That that doesn't kill you make you fatter. >> Thank you. You fatter. >> Thank you. >> Thank you for the Chinese din >> thank you. >> Thank you for the Chinese din per >> thank you for the Chinese din per >> what a wonderful Chinese per >> what a wonderful Chinese dinner. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 