Giada at Home: Season 1, Episode 21 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Giada at Home 
 s1e21 - Art House - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Giada at Home (2008–…): Season 1, Episode 21 - Art House - full transcript 
 Giada turns her home into an art gallery for the night to showcase a friend's work. She prepares appetizers for the crowd and shares recipes for "Skewered Greek Salad", "Italian Fried Olives" and "Sautéed Shrimp Cocktail". 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Okay, so I wanna know which one of these is your favorite. There's nothing I like more than introducing my friends to some cool art. And my husband Todd and i have a very close friend named Darren who is truly an amazing artist. We decided to transform this room into an art gallery and invite a few friends over to come check it out. So I'm making some simple and colorful appetizers that will be perfect for this art show. Skewered Greek salad, kalamata olives and feta cheese along with a tasty vinaigrette that really brings all the flavors to life. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Italian fried olives. It's all about the cheesy surprise inside. And finally, my sauteed shrimp cocktail. Jumbo, juicy shrimp paired with a cocktail sauce that's unexpectedly sweet and delicious. I think everyone will love the food and the art. And when you get to know Darren you'll see why he's such an inspiration to so many people. I want it! That's not for sale 'cause that one's actually mine. Oh, is it? I'm really excited about this art house party. I think we're gonna have lots of fun. And so I'm gonna start with the vinaigrette for 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 my skewered Greek salad. I'm gonna do 2 teaspoons of lemon juice. And then we're gonna add some red wine vinegar. I think this is gonna be really great 'cause it's finger food, and I want people to be comfortable as they're walking around and looking at the artwork and nibbling at the same time. So you wanna make it really easy on them, and easy to eat. All right, so we've got our 2 teaspoons of lemon. Now I need... My red wine vinegar. So in a traditional vinaigrette for Greek salad, I have some red wine vinegar and some lemon juice. And it's equal parts of both. There we go, good enough. Now some oregano, and a lot of times you'll se that Greek salads have dried oregano, but I thought it'd be really nice on these skewers to have some fresh oregano. Just chop up the fresh oregano, about 2 teaspoons also. And oregano is, of course, a very classic part of Greek salad. And what's nice about this art show, too, it's kind of like a cocktail party, 'cause everything is really easy to eat. You start with the foods that are basically no-cook first. So no-cook foods first. And then get going on the things that need to be cooked, so that they're ready to eat right when your guests get here. 'Cause these skewers can kinda sit and wait. So a little salt, a little pepper, and a couple tablespoons of extra virgin olive oil. Make it really yummy. You just need a little bit to drizzle over the skewers. And we'll drizzle the vinaigrette right before I'm ready to serve the skewers. There we go. Super-easy, right? And quick. Now what I need to do... Is get my assembly line ready. So I just want to clean off the counters a bit. So we'll start with cherry tomatoes, which I've already washed. Now I need to get feta cheese. And some kalamata olives. The kalamata olives are already pitted and they're nice and juicy and really rich, so it's perfect for this. And also, some feta cheese. And the feta cheese being a traditional ingredient in Greek salad. It's a nice pressed cheese, so it'll hold up really nicely. So what you wanna do is leave it in the fridge so it's nice and cold until right before you cut it. So just want to cut 1/2-inch cubes. Not too big, 'cause you want people to be able to put it in their mouth. And then cut it again, and see how it sticks together and stays really well? That's what you want. And that's why I love the feta cheese for this. And that's why it works on skewers. Just move that up here, wipe our board down here, just clean up. Now something crunchy and sweet, red onion. I like it, it's classic, it looks great, and it tastes yummy. We only need half of a red onion. There we go. And I just cut the sides off, just like this. And you're gonna peel the red onion, and then just cut it in little cubes so it kinda matches the feta cheese. And you know, Darren's artwork is so special to us, Todd's known Darren for a long time. And he's created some really fun things. He's had some hardships in his life, and his artwork has really pulled him through and it's so fun, and creative, and colorful. And also, I think represents where he lives, 'cause he lives in Hawaii, and I just love it so much. And every time I walk by one of his paintings, i just want to smile. That's how happy it makes me. So I'm very excited that he's created some new pieces for the show. All right, so we've got everything ready to go. Now I'll grab my skewers. So this is what I like to do. I like to buy 6-inch skewers, just like this. Because for a cocktail party you don't want something too long. And I start with a cherry tomato first. So cherry tomato. Then a kalamata olive. And I skewer the olive this way so that it sticks. And it kinda stays and it doesn't fall apart. Like that. Then a piece of the feta cheese. Lengthwise. And a piece of the red onion. And then I end it with another cherry tomato. I want to do that so it holds everything together. And how cute is that? Is that not really pretty? Put that down and we'll put it on a beautiful little platter that looks like a little art palette. And I grab another one, cherry tomato first. And then kalamata olive. The other great thing about doing an art party is that not only do you get to showcase your favorite artist's work, but you don't have to put new holes all over your walls, you can kinda just use chairs and tables, whatever it is, and display the art and make it really fun. Finish it off with a cherry tomato. All right, I'm gonna finish skewering the rest of these and then I'm gonna get started on something that I think is really cool and yummy. And it has a little surprise inside. My fried olives. Bite into one of these and you'll know why it's impossible to eat just one. Darren's been a close friend for a long time. He had a car accident about 20 years ago and he became a quadriplegic. He actually has partial movement of one arm, so he's able to hold a brush with two fingers and paint. And I think that he really has healed himself through his art. His work is incredible. So we decided to turn our living room into an art gallery. I think everyone will love the food and the art. I'm just grabbing the last couple of ingredients for my stuffed olives. And I've just about set myself up here. So I've already started heating the oil. I need it to come to 350. And my breading station is almost done too. I've got my flour and my bread crumbs, and now I just need one egg. So I'm just gonna beat one egg, 'cause we're gonna go from the flour to the egg to the breadcrumbs to create a really nice crunchy crust on the olives. All right, so that's done. Time to get started on the filling for the olives. A bowl and my cheeses. Now what I've done here is I've left the cheeses out at room temperature. That way they're really easy to mix together. I've got some ricotta cheese. And I'm just gonna use about 1/4 cup of ricotta cheese. Nice and Fluffy. And these are really great because they're really easy to eat. Obviously, you just pop them in your mouth. And they've got a little surprise of cheese inside of it that's really good. So ricotta cheese and gorgonzola cheese. And... It's nice and creamy. It's a lot creamier than most blue cheeses. So it works really well in the olives. Just wrap this baby right back up. And we'll mix these two together. And see, because the gorgonzola and the ricotta are at room temperature, they mix really, really well. Mix that together, and now a little flavoring. Some dried thyme... And lemon zest. I just want to sprinkle a little bit of dried thyme in. I like to use the dried thyme just because it's really good with the gorgonzola cheese. And a little bit of the dried herb goes a long way. Gives it a nice kick and flavor. A lot more flavor than fresh thyme would. I can smell that, nice and lemony. And lemon zest. It's the lemon that kind of brightens up all the flavors in here. And you just don't know how good lemon zest is until you use it. And once you start using it, you become addicted to it. Perfect. I'll just mix this all up together. And we don't need any salt because you've got quite a bit of salt in the olives and in the gorgonzola cheese. So just mix this all together, see how nice and creamy it is? Perfect. So I'm just gonna open up the olives. And I've got green olives that have already been pitted. And I grab my piping bag, with a tip. And it's a plain tip, and it's about 1/4-inch in the opening right there. And if you don't have a piping bag, if you just use a resealable plastic bag, and just cut off one of the corners. Just fill it, just fill it all up. There we go. Get all of the cheese, the cheesy filling in here. These are fantastic as appetizers. I love them. They're so easy to make. You can fill them with whatever you want. You can add prosciutto, salami, any kind of meat, any kind of cheese. This is just for me, the simplest and yummiest. We'll get rid of this. And I like to just squeeze the filling down. See how easy it is? Grab an olive. And I stick the tip right in it and I fill it up with the cheesy filling. Then I drop it in the flour. There we go, go ahead and fill it. Try not to overfill it, the filling will just come out when you fry it up. And the green olives are great because they're young olives so they really hold their shape when you fry them. All right, I'm gonna finish filling the rest of my olives and then I'll get them all fried up. So now that the olives are all stuffed, I just give a quick little mix to the olives 'cause I really want them to get coated in flour, especially the ends. I don't want the cheese to end up in the oil. I want it to stay in the olive. Let's grab three at a time here. And then I just put them in the egg. In the beaten egg. And the egg will help the bread crumbs stick to the olives. So that's why you've gotta put them in the egg. Then I just do a quick toss in the bread crumbs. It'll give it a nice crispy crust on those olives, which is what we want. Now I didn't want to use any kind of Italian seasoned bread crumbs, only because I don't want that flavor to compete with the filling. I want it to be all about the olives and the filling. And then we'll just put them in the oil, one at a time. Shake off any of the extra bread crumbs. The oil should be at 350. There we go. Just fry them up. And they only take about 30 to 45 seconds. So it's really quick. That's why you've gotta set yourself up and everything's gotta be ready. There we go. So now... I like to just turn them around a little bit and they fry really quick, so you've gotta keep an eye on them. You cannot walk out of the room. There we go, this one's done. Nice and golden brown. And these two... Look at that. What a beautiful crust that is. All right, I'm gonna finish frying up the rest of my olives. And then I'm gonna get started on the last dish for this art house party. It's an eclectic spin on a classic shrimp cocktail. Everybody's always asking me when they come over about who the artist is of all the artwork that's in our house. And Todd and I are always so happy to share with them the story of Darren and what he does. Because it really is such a miracle that he can create such art and make people so happy through it. So we decided to turn our living room into an art gallery. Most people love shrimp cocktail, but I have a whole new twist I'm gonna add to it. I'm gonna grab some yogurt and some mayonnaise. I know, you don't usually find yogurt and mayonnaise in shrimp cocktail, but I'm telling you, this is gonna be really, really good. So I'm gonna start with a little bit of plain yogurt. And add about 1 1/4 cups of yogurt into here. Then a little bit of mayonnaise to thicken it up. You need that mayonnaise. Get it nice and thick, so that way, when you dip the shrimp in it, it has a nice consistency to it. 2 tablespoons of mayonnaise. And I wanna add some dijon mustard. Whole grain dijon mustard. And some maple syrup. I know it sounds kind of strange, but the maple syrup is really good. It makes it slightly sweet, which is perfect. Grab some more spoons here. And we'll do 2 tablespoons of whole grain dijon mustard. And I like the whole grain because I like the texture in it. It has a lot more flavor. And maple syrup. 1 1/2 tablespoons of maple syrup. Nice and sweet and thick. I mean, I know you've never heard of cocktail sauce having maple syrup in it, but my version does. We're creating something with a little bit of a twist. And... A little bit of turmeric. And I don't usually use turmeric, so again, this is a little bit of a departure for me, but really good. Just add a teaspoon of turmeric. And it adds a beautiful color, a slightly smoky flavor, and nice yellow hue. So it adds lots of color. And you know, Darren's artwork is so colorful and so beautiful. And I thought, you know, i want the food to kind of represent that. And immediately you can see it turning this golden, like sunset color. And now I wanna chop up some fresh basil. You want a little bit of that freshness in there. So chop that up, nice, fresh, minty flavor. It's gonna be really, really good. And I hope that everybody will enjoy this art showing. And that everybody will love Darren's work as much as Todd and I do. I'm sure they will. We'll have to call Darren and let him know how the whole thing went. Get that in there. And give it a quick little stir. A little bit of salt and a little bit of pepper, just to finish it off. And the color is gorgeous, look at that. The yellow with the green from the basil. It's very, very yummy. All right, so now we're done with the dip. Easy, right? We leave that. And I wanna start on the shrimp. Add some oil, a little olive oil, right into the pan. And let's grab some shrimp. Now usually with shrimp cocktail, the shrimp are just boiled. I'm gonna add my own seasonings and give it some more flavor by sauteing some shrimp. So I got some shrimp that are already peeled and deveined. But I left the tails on so people can kinda pick them up. So open up the bag and we're gonna season these. So let's add herbes de provence, which is just a mixture of different herbs. Rosemary and thyme, lavender, a little basil. It'll be really good. And then some salt and some pepper. Very easy, very simple seasoning. Then just kinda massage it into all the shrimp. This is gonna be nice, and they're nice, big jumbo shrimp. So you dip them in there and it's really good. So I just want to put the shrimp right into the skillet. And just kinda give them a little stir and even them all out in the pan. And because they're such jumbo shrimp, they're gonna take about two minutes on each side. All right, I'm gonna finish cooking the shrimp, plating all the food, and then Todd should be here soon, because I want to transform that living room into a beautiful art gallery. And wait until you see how this menu comes to life. Three great dishes in one very colorful setting. Darren lives in Hawaii, the heat really helps his body thrive. And it really does put a big smile on his face. You'll see him sometimes, it's as if he's being energized by the sun. The colors in Hawaii, the plants, the ocean, the sunrises, the sunsets, and I think all of that beauty really inspires his artwork. It's vibrant and it's colorful, and that's probably why Todd and I have just fallen in love with it. Hey, honey, how's it going over there? Good, how's this look on black? I like it on black. I was thinking I was gonna put it on white. I think it looks on black 'cause the red really pops. Are you almost ready? I am, just gotta hang this one and put that on the chair. How do these two look together? Those look great together. It looks really good. And you put that one on black too. This one's my favorite. This one over here? Yeah, Darren would be proud. Wish he were here. You wanna open some wine? Sure. All right, you open the wine, i think the food's done. And we're ready, we're ready! Here you go, you guys. Oh, Suzie's already got a skewer! Sandra and Rick? I might have to have two, just in case. You can pile it on, it's okay, Rick. They're pretty darn good. Oh, you already have the olives? It's like a skewered Greek salad. So feta, olives, tomato, and a little red onion with an oregano dressing right over the top. Oh, that's good. Yeah, those are really good. And they're fried, so... Can I take another one while you're still here? Sure, absolutely. Hey, you guys, did you take a look at some of the art? That one's my favorite. It's my favorite too. It's so funny because that was Todd's favorite too. I want it, can we buy it? Everybody's gonna have to bid for it. Starting at what? It's Darren... Oh, Todd's friend! We'll have like, an art heist. All right, you guys eat, I'm gonna go pass around some more of these. I would love another one. Oh, you like the olives, you've eaten the olives. Oh, I love olives, are you kidding? She likes this because it matches her shirt. It does match your shirt! Actually, it looks really nice together. Here, Rick, can I hold this for you before there's an accident? What's on the shrimp? You're busy eating. Um, the shrimp, i just sauteed it, it's basically my version of a shrimp cocktail, except I sauteed them in a little herbes de provence. It's really good. Okay, so I want to know, which one of these is your favorite? I like that one the best. You know that everybody feels the same way about that one? Why is that? It's happy. The red is very bold against the black. It's eye-catching, it is pretty cool. Which other one did you like? I like this one right here with all the different colors. I like the green. That one's not for sale 'cause that one's actually mine. Oh, is it? So I want to make a little toast to Darren. He couldn't be here. You guys, do you want to do a little toast to Darren, he couldn't be here, but you know, his art is so inspirational. And now I think we can start some bidding. Suzie, do you wanna bid, put the first bid on there? I'll take that one. You'll take that one, right, you don't have to bid on it, you'll take it. To Darren! Thank you for coming! Closed captioning provided by scripps networks, llc 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 