Arifureta: From Commonplace to World's Strongest: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Arifureta: From Commonplace to World's Strongest 
 s1e10 - The Goddess' Sword - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Arifureta: From Commonplace to World's Strongest (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - The Goddess' Sword - full transcript 
 With an army of monsters approaching the town of Ur, Hajime sets a plan into motion to protect the citizens and exalt Aiko as the Goddess of Plenty. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Nagumo-kun, you don't know how you can handle this horde of monsters? The strongest artisan in the world Goddess sword Episode 10. Nagumo-kun will you help us Otherwise, monsters will destroy the city and hundreds of innocent people will be killed! Not expected. Thought student safety for you above all. Do you offer one of them to take a chance life for a handful of strangers. Course teacher first the queue thinks about the students. But cast aside those whom I met I do not want. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I was not with you when you needed help and, perhaps, I have no right to say that ... But I don’t want you to be sad avoiding everyone and everything! Master, no matter what happens will you still be my teacher? By itself! Even if I do or take something you don't like? Yes, while you listen to mine words before doing this. N ... Nagumo-kun! The army is coming here. We must prepare, and all that. Nagumo-kun! Since the teacher asked me. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Nagumo-kun, how are the preparations going? Can I help with something else? No, it's all right, teacher. They will be here soon. Don't frown like that, teacher. We will break through. It will be hypocritical of me dragged you into all this, but ... Please take care of yourself. Listen, Nagumo! What do you need, Sonobe? Well ... Thank you ... for that time. What is this? Maybe you forgot but you saved me in the maze. So I wanted to thank. Saved you? Perhaps it was just a coincidence. And still ... I will not spend it! Don't waste my chance which you gave me when you saved! As you say. Then I will go. Sonobe Look do not die. You have a core in you. Well, I think so. Thanks. Hey. See you per kilometer can, why are you quiet? I was just waiting for the right moment. So ... Let's talk? Will we talk? I have only one small request. Listen at least out of the ear? Or you intentionally look away in order to excite me? Oh! Oh-oh, hospida! I could not imagine how amazing these things are! In short, why did you come, pervert? So then you continue your crusade? Yes. But can you share the path-road with you ... It is impossible. O-denied faster than expected! I swear I'll come in handy! I’ll call him lord I will give all my soul and body Go to your cave or die somewhere! Your eyes pierce through me! You see, sir, I won’t let you down in the coming battle! I will justify all your expectations in full! And then you will accept me for sure in your squad! Here is the bugging. But good as a combat unit. Appeared. So, sir, it remains to put the finishing touches. Final touches? Chance for "rural goddess farms, "Aiko’s teachers, to be useful. Yep so she protect your students. That is, it will protect you as your student? Yeah. Take heed, the brave inhabitants of the city of Ur! Our victory is already a foregone conclusion! For the goddess is on our side, chosen by heaven itself! Yes, you already know her ... Goddess of Abundance, Madame Aiko! While she is with us, we are invincible! K-k-k-how to understand this ?! I am Lady Aiko's sword and shield. She told me to protect you and I will unconditionally obey her order! Praise be to her! Glory to the goddess Aiko! Goddess Aiko! And this is the divine sword, blessed by the goddess Aiko herself! Now it's my turn. Show them all! I know that this is just a repository Holy Crystal mana ... But obviously with the background! Really an offer during the battle ... Hear I just lent it to you. To return later! Oh, hospida, how so! You can empty the crystal for release all your dragon power! I listen and obey my lord! Destroy them all! Great! This ring is saturated with the love of the master! Howl, the wings of the storm! Storm, frantic flame! Fire Storm! Goddess Aiko! Transfer: Aero Yakusub Studio On you! And you on! Perhaps I’ll take a break ... Wedding ring! She did a good job for the pervert. Take a break while we hold them here. The ammunition is over. Yue, how much mana do you have left? About two Mana Gems. Gravity magic more expensive than expected. Will go. Shoot those who are bigger. Yeah. Then reward! Let's go, Shia! Agas, now! Thunder Dragon! Shia! Can you understand how they differ? Some are controlled as Tio-san, the rest are so-so, huh? The bull's eye. One by one to the commander for a squad of blanks! If we take out the main ones, it will be easier on! I got it! Then they will start to blunt! Oooo, on you! Sorry dude. You have not contacted those. Looks like some kind of very smart demon ... You will not tell your teacher, why did this? Just wanted to show how cool I am! Yes? But Shimizu-kun, I still do not understand. Does it make you cool in our eyes? I did not try for you. And for the demons! I went to the mountains to tame a monster. And there he met demons. They recognized me. They realized how cool I am. So I signed a contract with them. The contract? For what? Hatayama teacher ... contract for your killing! Due to interference in the economy you are even more dangerous than heroes Madame Goddess of Plenty. Killing you would make me famous among the demons as a hero. Shimizu-kun! But in the end, what ?! I had 60 thousand, and everyone died! Where did you get such powerful guns from ?! Who are you ... What are you, your mother, such ?! I understand you want to be special. This is not alien to any of us. This is quite natural. But you cannot follow the demons! Shut up! Why would I refuse from the help of those who value me ?! Because it’s impossible. I will not let the darkness take hold your innocent hearts! You are all my dear students! Yes, I wanted to spit ... Shimizu-kun, let's start all over again? I will support you all the way. Glad you changed your mind. Teacher?! Do not rock the boat! Or stab her! Monster venom in this needle, got it ?! Drop all your weapons and raise your hands! Sh ... Shimizu-kun, let's just talk ... Be silent! Shut your mouth, hypocrite! Just stall until I get the hell out of here! Hey you! Yes you! Cheater fucking! Don't make a fool of yourself! If you interfere, I will really kill her! Yes? Do you think you can? Do not enrage me! Then what do you want? Give me your gun! In general, all the guns! Yes, I expected this requirement. Shut up and give them here! Will not work. Also, when are you bring the teacher to the demons they will cut it, right? Then why should I carry out your orders? Your mother, just do what I say! Caution! Shia! Shia! Help your teacher first. The needle hit her ... Obviously, this is bad. What to do. Teacher? Hey teacher! You feel better. Do not ... I do not want to die! By ... Help! It was not supposed to happen. Yes ... It shouldn't ... Shimizu-kun! Lord ... Nagumo-kun, give him that medicine! After he nearly killed you? I promised that at all costs I will protect my students! Please help! Shimizu ... answer. Am I an enemy for you? N-no! I swear allegiance to you! I will do whatever you want, just save ... Not! Why? For me he is an enemy. No ... Shimizu-kun, after all ... Going to start from scratch? I'm sorry, but I'm not like that compassionate and do not believe in this nonsense. But why was it to kill ?! Oh yeah i killed your precious student. I remember, teacher, what you talked about but that will not change my attitude towards enemies. I will not spare any of them. Nagumo-kun ... Do you need a reason? I've told. He was my enemy. That is not the reason. Do not do anything he would have died in a few minutes. I’m surprised how big-eyed you are. Hajime is too kind to Aiko. The life of a teacher and the truth was at stake, right? Now she will not think that the student died because of her. This act may have seriously hurt her, but it tempers her character as a teacher. I’m sure one day she will understand. Because Aiko is a teacher, whose words still live in you. Monster Day Off Episode 11 The strongest artisan in the world. See you in the next Craftsman series! Monster Day Off Episode 11 The strongest artisan in the world. Monster Day Off Episode 11 The strongest artisan in the world 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 