Arifureta: From Commonplace to World's Strongest: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Arifureta: From Commonplace to World's Strongest 
 s1e9 - Dragon Slayer - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Arifureta: From Commonplace to World's Strongest (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Dragon Slayer - full transcript 
 Hajime's quest leads him and his classmates into the mountains, where they come across their quarry--and the huge black dragon attacking him. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Shimizu is not with you? We do not know where he disappeared. I hope everything is fine with him ... Nothing will happen to him. And really. You’ve even returned to us. Wait, I'm not back to you ... Teacher? Hajime is too kind to Aiko. Well, she is a lot to me I did, even so repay. Yue? On the way back I will sit in her place. As you say. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Yue-san, can I? Not fair! And anyway, why am I behind, huh ?! Hold on, eared! You get in the way! The strongest artisan in the world Dragonfighter Episode 09. This ... what is it? Golems set up to search for people. He called Ornisami. Gravicamen gives them a flight and the induction crystal is the mind. The tracking stone is connected magic with my eye so what I see through them. So, what's with us? Already found something? Shard Chip? Backpack... It looks new. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 This is indeed... Footprints left by the creature. obviously huge and four-legged ... The locals talked about the mysterious a monster in the local mountains. But what left such a crater? I feel someone's presence. It looks like a person. So did someone survive there ?! And this “someone” is behind the waterfall. Yue. Water Section, in half! Bingo. Will you call? Oh yes! It's me! Will Kudeta, here! I'm Nagumo Hajime. Head of adventurers Furen asked to find you. The stream of monsters didn’t run out and they drove us into a corner ... And then... What then? Black dragon. The Dragon? I did not deserve! Why of all survived such a jerk like me ?! I'm so glad you came for me ... But still... Nagumo-kun! You're glad you're alive. What's so bad about that? Living and preferably well is our nature. What is it, our instinct. And since you are happy, then everything is fine. But I ... If you want to thank the dead, do not give their labors an abyss in vain. Pull yourself together and live on. To live on. And someday you'll find the reason why he survived. It's too late. Press. Uh, that's him! He mean? We are leaving! Heck! Come! Hajime! This beast is not easy! Everything is fine, I will support! Collapse of Heaven! Have a bite! Transfer: Aero Yakusub Studio Uh Missed! Have some more bite! Yue! Cool. Wall of Ice! M-we will help! Ah ... yeah! Teacher! Get them out of the battlefield! But but ... They get in the way! Yue! Protect everyone! I'll figure it out myself! Yeah, rely on me. If you do not want to die, follow me. Leave the dragon on him alone? Again aiming at the Viscount? For the first time, someone dared to ignore me. Then I just have to show how wrong he is! Have you ever been hit in the belly? How? Liked? Oh ... fuck. Shia! Already rushing! Oh, how stubborn! I heard there are monsters harder than the damn mountains but are they all so strong? Yue, Shiya, have heard of the expression: "Kick a dragon under a scaly ass"? Dragons have all the weak points where there are no scales. Like, they’re protected as hell when they sleep. You’ll wake horseradish. But if you hit open place, then jump up as cute. Get a count in the ass! A-A-A-A, RIDING-A-AAA !!! My ass! Lovely my ass! Please pull it out! Take this thing out, conjure! So you're a dragonborn, what? Verily! I'm from a very eminent Clan Dragonborn! Cruel will of fate brought me here, but since they started a conversation, will you pull this thing out ?! Horseradish with two! Just not deeper, please! My mana is running out! And if I turn with the subject behind, then troubles can not be avoided! What brought you here? I will explain everything, only please pull this item out! Mana is running out, and soon it will be soooooo ... Yue asked a question! O-stop! Do not need so much! That's too much... Too much for my crap ... Dragonborn were considered exterminated. Why should any of them attack here on adventurers? No, just don’t rotate, hiding! I’ll say everything, just stop-and-and-and! They crushed my will! I was only a performer of it! He ordered me to kill this. I will wind up with his squad! In more detail. I left my hidden village in order to behold the adventurers of this world. But on the way to one of the cities of people I decided to take a nap on a ledge of a rock. Of course, I went to bed in the bestial hypostasis, because there are a lot of predators around. While I was in oblivion a black-clad mage came to me. It was probably control reason, so that the will to enslave mine. And this spell was given well to him. It’s not easy to remove such a spell, since they conjured all day. So, all the time while I was snoozing, he cast a spell and you didn’t even start? I do not believe! You said you were controlled and forced to kill us all ?! How do we know if you're lying or not ?! Could you come up with all this a story so that we do not kill you! I swear everything said is true. Dragonborn have a race proud, and any lie abhors us! So what... I don’t think she is lying. So what... I don’t think she is lying. Why are you so sure? Dragonborn are really honest. She swore her pride. After this, do not lie. But but ... Also... I know how a liar’s eyes look. I didn’t expect a girl like you so aware of our race ... I am the last of the vampire nobility. Three centuries ago I happened to explore the model reign of dragonborn. Wow! I was assured that the vampire family is exterminated, but I see the princess before them! And still .... You killed my comrades, and they won’t be returned! The war between races is not interesting to me. However I am the life of the innocent I took it, I do not deny it. And if you want to avenge them, I will accept the punishment. But I ask you to wait a while with this, in order to stop that villain. He set out to collect a horde of monsters. Will you give me a chance to prevent this? Nope, I don’t give a damn about what you want. I have so many problems because of you. Redeem the mistake of death. Yes, hospida! Can you end the conversation so, without answering my question ?! Please have mercy! I repented! So will you kill her? She herself began with the killings. But she is not an enemy. And the spell subsided. Isn't such a murder contrary to your beliefs? I apologize for the chores. Would you please extend this? What? If you don’t do anything, I will die anyway. In the sense of? Just imagine what the girl will experience when piercing her so hard count! Or do you think that I will survive? From mana left crumbs. I accept the rules dictated by this world but I don’t want to die so stupid! For heaven’s sake, free me from this! Damn you. For heaven’s sake, free me from this! Slow down, please! I still have not recovered from the shock! How rude, hiding! Yes ... What the hell! I can smell something in myself from which already bursting, hospidya! Yet! Just a little bit more! Fucking lizard! Yet! Just a little bit more! I asked you to be poorer but you did not know mercy ... This is the first time with me. You saved me. Itching doesn’t give me rest but that overwhelming feeling of pain ... Who knew the pain was shocking so sweet ... Hey! I apologize. I'm Tio Clarus of Dragonborn Clan Clan. Horde of monsters goes to ur ?! Verily. Black Mantle Mage intends to take the city. And his army numbers in the thousands. B ... Here ... Yes, there are not just thousands of them. Fifty ... no, sixty thousand. And they are on their way. At this pace they reach to the city in two days. We must warn them! Evacuate everyone and call help, then ... Let me ... Wouldn't Mr. Hajime handle them? Hey. My assignment was deliver you alive to Führen. How will I save you during the war for the city? Um, Nagumo-kun. You did not notice among anybody in black mantle? Not. I immediately scanned them in search of that magician and I didn’t find anyone like that. Clear... Can you still search? I can not. Good luck. Nagumo-kun! As I said, I have a task. You do what you want here but who then will go to the city? Well ... He speaks the truth. First we need to inform the residents! And in a day I will recover completely! Really. However my stocks are empty mana, and even stand up no strength. Your look is full of contempt, oh-oh-oh! Amen. Taki had to overwhelm you. Your cruel words hurt your heart and your stake pierced me in the most vulnerable place! My soul and body went into convulsions blissful, ah-ah-ah-ah! Such a barbaric approach! But nice, hospida! By ... Wait for us! Goddess sword Episode 10 The strongest artisan in the world. See you in the next series ... Artisan. Sword Goddess Episode 10 The strongest artisan in the world. Goddess sword Episode 10 The strongest artisan in the world 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 