Arifureta: From Commonplace to World's Strongest: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Arifureta: From Commonplace to World's Strongest 
 s1e8 - Reunion with the Past - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Arifureta: From Commonplace to World's Strongest (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Reunion with the Past - full transcript 
 Hajime and the gang reluctantly accept a quest. Their journey north to the town of Ur leads to an unexpected reunion with their teacher, Aiko. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Independent commercial republic, the city of Furen I am the head of the adventurers guild Furen city, Iirva Chang. Ha.. Hajime-kun, Yue-kun, Shia-kun, I was looking for you. From Brook rumors reached us about a group of three talented people, who easily passed through Riesen Rift. You are mistaken. I'm sure your skills are enough for the assignment I want to give you. I refuse. Maybe you think? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Then I will not need work with papers. I will not say that I expected less from the head of the adventurers guild. You have good principles. Episode 08 Meeting with the Past! Something became quiet and she just fell asleep. We are not going to stop so give her a break. Search for the missing? Right, a group of adventurers headed to the northern mountains with intelligence. Among them was the third son of the count Kudeta, Will Kudeta. I want you to find him. Count's son? Then it There must be an experienced group. They are very skilled. If something happened, what they cannot handle ... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 people will die. We do not know the strength of the enemy. Therefore, we ask your strong group. The count is my friend. Friend? Could you tackle this? I refuse. We have other goals. Don’t worry about the reward. Sorry, but we're in a hurry. Then what about my full support ... in business concerning your group and guild? If you are ready for this, then I think we’ll agree but I have two conditions. And what? First, I want status records for us. And the second? If we ever need yours help, then you will do everything we say. Good. I agree. Agreed. And you're stubborn, Hajime. He wants us to save this. guy, willa, right? The more in debt he will feel, its support will be even more effective. Yeah. But is there something else? Do not understand? Right now we're heading to Ur. We will spend the night there and after we head to the mountains but our path runs through the largest rice fields in these places. Paddy fields? Yeah, I'm talking about rice. The main dish of my homeland. And since I appeared here, I have never eaten it. Then I should try. Bribrezhny city of Ur. Thank you all for your work. Let's get full before tomorrow hard day! Good. Bon Appetit! Ai-chan-sensei? Are you thinking about Shimizu again? Where could he go? A week has passed. So far, nothing like this has happened ... I should have paid more attention to him. I am sure that everything will be in order. He will return, do not have time to come to his senses. Right. There is no point in empty worries! Dear, how do you like today's dinner? He is incomparable, as always! I am glad that this is so ... Owner? I don't want to upset you, but seasonings, necessary for cooking, today are over. Uh That is, we can no longer still try your food? Something seems to have happened in the mountains, and merchants cannot deliver spices. Something? Rumors are talking about all of a sudden horrible monster that appeared. And recently high-ranking adventurers, ventured to go there, did not return. It makes you worry ... Fortunately, we have guests today, sent here by the head of the Furen guild for searches of this group. Wow. Then they should be very strong. How many more times do I have to ask you? Oh, remember the hell. A? Well, how much? You two, stop moving away from me into your own little world! Can you hear me, Hajime-san? I hear, I hear. I just don’t want to see you, so I decided that separate rooms are a good idea. Oh god Yue-san, have you heard? Hajime-san is so cold with me! Hajime, bad! Yes Yes. Wh-what did they just say? Wait a familiar voice? That guy. Nagumo-kun? Nagumo-kun? Sensei? Nagumo-kun? Is that really you, Nagumo-kun? Alive ... I'm so glad ... No you're wrong. Farewell. Please stop! You're really Nagumo-kun. You called me Sensei! No, you misheard. I said... "Small"! It's all in my dialect! Yes. Then you are very rude! Yes, and there is no such dialect! Why are you trying to trick me? What happened to you? What kind of clothes? Why haven’t you returned to everyone? Nagumo ... Why haven’t you returned to everyone? Why haven’t you returned to everyone? Answer me, Nagumo-kun! Get out. You cause inconvenience. And who are you? I'm actually trying talk seriously with Nagumo-kun ... Then at least calm down a bit. I lost my temper. Let's try again. You are Nagumo-kun, right? Yes. Long time no see, sensei. Hajime-san, are you ignoring her too? Do you know what local curry is? Although you have no idea. In general, it serves one tasty spicy dish. Then I will try it. I want to know what Hajima likes. Oh look, so calmly flatter! As expected from Yue-san. Waiter, can I have you? I haven’t finished it yet. Why are you acting as if nothing was happening? Anyway, girls, who are you? I'm hungry. So give me something to eat. And they... Yue. Shia! Hajime-san's girlfriend. Hajime-san's girlfriend. G-girl? Hey. Yue, okay, but you, Shea, are mistaken. What?! How can you be so heartless, Hajime-san ?! You took my first kiss! No, how much more will you repeat? You were drowning, and I ... Nagumo-kun. What is it, sensei? Not only did you pick up the first kiss, so also cheating? If so, then I will not forgive! Yes, I will never forgive this! The time of punishment! Sit still! In any case, I'm glad you're fine. But what happened to you? I had to try. Why did your hair turn white? Because I tried hard. What about your left hand and right eye? It happened when I tried hard. Why didn’t you return right away? There is no reason. Answer normally! We eat. Watch out for manners. Manners? I think you should have it to take care of them! You should learn to speak right with the elders! And besides what the despicable does beast at the same table with people? At least let me cut off those terrible ears to her. Then you'll look like man, albeit a little. What are you staring at? What a cheek! You're not god not to obey orders of temple knights! What a petty person. Damn heretic! That's why I told you keep track of manners. There will be no second chance. Calm, everything is in order. N-Nagumo? Run while there is a chance! Uhhh! I will cover. You back off! Yes! Yuukacci, are you okay? Yep. I am just very surprised. True? I also can’t believe it. But look at him. A completely different person! And really. He seems like it would be ... wild? And popular besides. Well, that was delicious. You guys don't interest me and I don’t need to contact you. I'm not going to tell you everything what happened or what I plan to do. Go and do what you want, I don’t care. Just don't get in the way. Because if you become my enemies I will not hesitate before your murder. Hey Shea. Are you still worried about what did he say? N-no ... This is considered the norm here. It makes no sense to worry about it. You're right. I understand, but... I did not know, that people don’t like my ears so much ... Your ears, Shea, are soft and sweet. You think so? What do you think Hajime-san, about my ears? Nothing. He likes them. He plays with them when you sleep. You promised not to talk about it! Hajime-san! Do you like my ears? No, you were mistaken. I ... I do not play with them! You can iron them whenever you want! Until now, I was terrified of him, I do not want! But now I just want to kill him. Good luck, sensei. Nagumo-kun! Wait a minute! I will not Give Up! Oh, I won’t give up for anything. I will bring you all home! Nagumo ... I never said anything. Nagumo-kun survived. But what kind of rude attitude is this? He must have experienced a lot ... And I couldn’t help him. And anyway, Nagumo-kun is with us ... Why all these efforts, sensei? N-Nagumo-kun? How? I guess I have to say that through the door. Uh But the key ... I'm a synergist. Opening such a lock is nothing for me. You break into the room to a girl at such a time! This is not worth bragging about. Well, excuse me. I did not want others to hear me. To talk? I thought that if I talk to you now, then you would be much calmer. Let me explain why I do not want to come back. After the Ancient Age of the Gods the world was infected by war. People, demons and diverse types of beastmen fought continuously with each other. During those centuries of war, formed a group of people who wanted to stop this. Leader of this group realized true intention of his god. Their god used his people as pawns, and war was nothing more than a game. While he was hiding in the shadows, tugging by strings to cause a conflict, the heroes came out united by the desire to stop him. At that time they were called the Liberators. However, their plans collapsed before how they were able to fight him. God declared the Liberators enemies of the Church, obsessed with destroying the world and turned mankind against them. Liberators Unable to Fight with the people they swore to protect were called "Traitors" and destroyed one by one. In the end, only the leaders remained. Realizing that they cannot defeat him only on his own, they scattered around the world built mazes and hid. They prepared the tests, and those who passed them, received the gift of the ability of "Traitors", in the hope that one will appear who can once and forever stop the games of this crazy god. This is what I learned at the bottom of the abyss. I will leave the rest to you, sensei. You can say it all just a lie, or believe me. Do as you wish. Nagumo-kun, you travel because you want do something with this crazy god? Of course not. I do not care, what will happen to this world. I'm just looking for a way to get home. Labyrinths are keys. You can check everything yourself but I think you're fast there die if you go. Shirasaki-san did not give up. She won't believe in your death until not make sure with my own eyes. She is alright? I received a letter in which it says she got stronger and they are working on to go through the maze. Then tell her. There is something she should be talking about worry more than monsters. Her so-called "friends." A? I got a good idea of ​​the situation. from how others reacted. You think my fall was nothing but an accident? One of the spells lost management and got into you? "Lost control"? Who knows. But the truth is different. This magic bullet was aiming at me. Aiming? Right. One student was going to kill me. That is why you should warn Shirasaki and others. How so... I guess now I’ll hear, but still ask. We will go with you. If you are going to look for the missing, then the more people the better? I refuse. If you want, then go on your own. If you come with us, then we we will go at the speed of a snail. Do you want to say what can you run faster than a horse? Got it now? Well, we set off. So move on. P-wait, please! I want to know more about what happened to you, Nagumo-kun. A? Can we talk bye will we go or during the search? If possible, then I will hold back our word, and we part here. Good. But really nothing to talk about. I do not care. I just want to hear everything from your lips, Nagumo-kun. You are very stubborn, sensei. I believe that you will never change. Of course. Hajime, take it with you? Yes she will stay teacher, no matter what. She won’t compromise when it comes to students. And leaving her, it is by all means will cause a lot more problems. She takes care of her students, she must be a good teacher. But this bike will not be able to carry more than three. What are you going to do? If there are not enough places - there is a second. Ah now guys. We are leaving. Episode 09 Dragon Tamer! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 