The Cleveland Show: Season 1, Episode 18 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Cleveland Show 
 s1e18 - Brotherly Love - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Cleveland Show (2009–2013): Season 1, Episode 18 - Brotherly Love - full transcript 
 Cleveland begins pimping out Terry for bachelorette parties as a "cable guy," and Cleveland Jr. gets on the bad side of Stoolbend's top rapper when he takes an interest in his girlfriend. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [SINGING] My name is Cleveland Brown And I am proud to be Right back in my hometown With my new family There's old friends and new friends And even a bear Through good times and bad times It's true love we share And so I found a place Where everyone will know My happy mustache face This is The Cleveland Show [CHUCKLES] - See you tomorrow, Rallo. - Looking good, Rallo. Nice ass. So, Rallo, who are you gonna be rubbing up on at the school carnival? Fool, please. I'm too cool for preschool. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I need a real woman. There ain't a girl in our class with more than a A-cup. Heck, there ain't a girl in our class with more than a sippy cup. [ALL LAUGHING] What are you doing? I was practicing what I'd do if I was on fire. All right. Rallo, I was robbed today at school. A girl stole my heart. Her name is Chanel. - Did you make your move? - She's out of my league. So instead of making a move, I'm gonna stuff my feelings down deep... ...so they can come out in interesting and surprising ways years later. Hey, Too Cool For Preschool. How about getting him hooked up with that girl he's all loco in the coco about? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Bring it on. How hot can she be anyway? Probably somewhere between a young Bea Arthur and a present-day Bea Arthur. BEA ARTHUR: God'll get you for that, Rallo. [AUDIENCE LAUGHING] [THEME SONG FROM "MAUDE" PLAYING] You're late. We're the cable guys. We're always late. Ha-ha-ha! That's not true. We try. Hey, everyone. The cable guys are here. [CHEERING] WOMAN 1: All right! - Take it off. - Come again? WOMAN 2: Come on. [DANCE MUSIC PLAYING] WOMAN 2: Ooh, I love your hair! Whoo! Man, they think we're strippers. Good thing I'm wearing my breakaway pants. [WOMEN WHOOPING] Aah! That shirt is the property of Waterman Cable. Come on, man. Loosen up. I guess there's no harm in showing a little helmet. Here it is. Look, it's the Redskins. Ha-ha-ha-ha! Take your pants off. Ohh. Heh-heh-heh. [CLEVELAND WHOOPING] Four hundred and thirty-five dollars. Terry, do you realize if we did four bachelorette parties a day... ...we'd be clearing more than $450,000 a year? And if we spend it all at Bed Bath & Beyond... ...saving 20 percent from the gross... ...that's like $562,500. Sheets, candles, bath mats, small appliances. We'll be swimming in them. Oh, Terry. We have got to make this happen. A couple of those chicks did ask for our number. - As long as your wife is cool with it. - Donna. You're right. This is exactly the sort of thing wives don't like. Wait. I'll make up a lie. But what if she finds out I'm lying? I'll just tell her I wasn't lying. Ha-ha! Today is your lucky day, Cleveland Jr. Yay! Why? I've decided to help you on your quest for love. So I'm gonna give you some of Rallo's rules. First, you gotta stand out. Decorate your body to attract a mate. Here. Wow, it only hurt for a second. Second, find a way to initiate physical contact. Here's one of my classics. Hey, little lady. What if I told you that you could draw a turkey... ...using nothing but your hand? [JUNIOR GIGGLING] I've never been turkey-fingered before. Third, smile. Think of something that makes you happy. What are you thinking about? Anderson Cooper with curly hair. Hee, hee. All right, don't say out loud what you're thinking. [SINGING] As I walked out on the streets of Lared... Oh, hey, there's our cable truck. [DANCE MUSIC PLAYING] All right. My jam. [WOMEN CHEERING AND WHOOPING] Terry. You really are a stripper. A stripper of a friend's trust. Ohh. [BELL RINGS] All right, now put this in your ear and I'm gonna feed you lines. Hasn't this bit been done to death? Yeah, you're right. You got this. Go make me proud. [JUNIOR SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY] All right. Now show her the tattoo. - Talk to me. - She said yes. She's coming over to the house to study geometry with me tomorrow. Ha, ha! There he goes. Look what Big Round Brown did. Here she comes. See you tomorrow, Cleveland Jr. She will be mine. Obama. Hey, man. What's going on? I'm confronting you about betraying me. My friends think I'm strong enough to do this, and I believe them. Oh, man. I'm sorry, Cleveland. I didn't want to hurt your feelings... ...but the women who called specifically requested that you not come. What? You must have misinterpreted them. They said, "Please do not bring the portly black gentleman." One woman was particularly repulsed by your stretch marks. I have a child. Hey, wait, wait, wait. Cleveland, you could be my manager. Book gigs, handle the money. I mean, you're decent with numbers, and I don't know any Jewish people. Tell you what, I get 20 percent and it's a deal. Hell, you can have 30 percent. Wow, you really don't know any Jewish people, do you? Oh, this is so hard. I don't know how to find a secant of a triangle. Well, then hold on a "secant." [LAUGHING] [BOTH LAUGHING] Hey, is that Chanel Williams chopping it up with my steppity-bro? I think you mean step-brizzle. [ROBERTA LAUGHING, THEN BOTH LAUGHING] There's been a gas leak! Leave the batteries in your carbon-monoxide detector from now on. When your wife says she'll use it in front of you, you find some batteries. [BOTH LAUGHING] Yo, check it. Big Fed's about to bless y'all... ...with two VIP passes to the release party for my new CD, Fireman Killer. But aren't firemen heroes? Pfft. To who? Wasting water, blasting they sirens... ...riding around with them Dalmatian-ass dogs. Blap! Was he that dumb before the gas leak? He's just trying to find his way, like everybody else. You're sweet. RALLO: Well, what do we have here? I didn't know we had a guest, much less such a beautiful young lady. What are you guys working on, math? Oh, a number six? Yeah, I know how to make one of those. In fact, Chanel... ...I even know how to draw a turkey using nothing but your lovely hand. We could do it in my room. - You are just too cute. - Huh? Does somebody want an airplane ride? - Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! - Put me down, put me down. - Whee! Here we go. - Put me... Whee! - I'm a plane. Wait a minute, put me down. - You are. Yes, you are. Sorry he's so cranky. He was up till 7:15 last night. Oh, thanks. Anybody else wanna take a shot? Rallo, are you bothering the big kids? Come here. I need to give you your diarrhea medicine. [JUNIOR AND CHANEL LAUGHING] You are in for a world of hurt, buffalo butt. - What did you call me? - No, not you, Mama... Aahh! Hey, Junior. Glad to hear that first date went well. Now I want to give you Rallo's rules for a second date. [LAUGHING] [LAUGHING] - Thanks. - Okay, listen up. Always be on your phone. It makes you look important. Talking, texting, doesn't matter. What if she has something she wants to talk to me about? Then you let out a long exhale, roll your eyes and say, "What?" And if there's a problem, you try to solve it immediately. Don't even wait to hear the whole problem. And then look back at your phone, point to it and say: "Ha, ha! This guy's hilarious." Be on your phone, never listen, "this guy's hilarious." - Thanks, Rallo. - You're welcome. [LAUGHING] DONNA: Rallo, it's time to take a pee-pee. I wish so much I didn't have to take a pee-pee right now. [RALLO WHIMPERING] CLEVELAND: Come on out of there. Come on out of there, lost hair. I'm gonna scratch a little hole in my skin so you can find your way out. Stretch on out instead of being all curled and bunched. Hey, what took you so long? We're gonna be late for your next gig. Hey, there's $200 here. Big tippers, huh? No, no tips. Just, you know, 100 for the stripping and 100 for the sex. - What, now? - It turns out... ...they kind of expect the "deluxe package," if you know what I mean. Wait. I'm organizing and scheduling sexual acts... ...and then collecting a portion of the profits? - Yep. - Terry, that makes you a prostitute. And that makes me a pimp. Ha-ha-ha! I'm a pimp. Oh, I'm gonna go buy a pimp hat and a pimp suit... ...some pimp shoes, maybe a pimp scarf. Pimp socks? No one's gonna see my damn socks, you slut. [BOTH LAUGH] Hey, you're not paid to laugh. Get out there and make my money, trick. Okay, that one hurt a little. I'm sorry, I'm just so excited to be a pimp. Ha, ha. This is gonna be good, fellas. One sec, Chanel. I'm just reading a text from my dad. This guy's hilarious. Ha, ha. Here we go. Here we go. I'm gonna write him back because I'm very important to him. - No, but I love my dad. - Aww. That's cute. I didn't tell him to say that. [CHANEL GIGGLES] BOY: Chanel. - Kenny. - That's Kenny West. - Who's that? Stoolbend's most famous rapper. You'd know that if you read my blog, "Out and About with Julius." - Who are you? - Her boyfriend. You'd know that if you read "Out and About with Julius." Not exactly. We broke up. I gotta get to a phone. Chanel, what are you doing with this water balloon? This is Cleveland Jr. He's sweet and thoughtful, and he doesn't make me wait around all day... ...while he's off buying sunglasses with his posse. Cleveland Jr? There ain't nothing junior about this guy. [POSSE LAUGHS] [RALLO LAUGHS] Crash and burn, Junior. This worked out even better than I planned. - Who is this Chia dwarf? - What did you just call me? You get that tattoo from a Cracker Jack box? Yeah, why? [KENNY AND POSSE LAUGH] Tell me, little man. How the hell do you support that big-ass Afro... ...with that tiny-ass neck? You're like a Questlove bobblehead. Come on, Chanel. We need to talk. Sorry, Junior. Chanel, wait. Sometimes I even kiss my dad on the lips. [ALL LAUGHING] Man, Kenny West made us both look like punks. Oh, well. I guess we need to pray for the courage... ...to accept the things we cannot change. Man, shut up. We gotta get revenge. And we're gonna get you that girl back at Federline's party tonight. Yay! I'm just gonna... [WHISTLING] Cleveland, where did you get that huge wad of cash? Can't a man sneak into his house in the middle of the night... ...with a huge wad of unexplained cash without being nagged by his wife? - Shoot. - Well, Yvette told me... ...a friend of hers received one of Terry's special installations. Also, I found this next to the bathroom sink. Well, what are you doing looking next to the bathroom sink? - You're pimping. - Ain't nothing but something to do. - Cleveland, it's a crime. - What? Crimes have victims, Donna. There are no victims here. Prostitutes are the victims. Terry is the victim. Ha! I'm Terry: "Oh, no. I have to have sex, which feels really good." Oh, it's worse. I have to have sex for cash money... ...that I can buy things with. Oh, and I can't stay the night and hold in farts... ...while I listen to story after story about your funny coworker. "Ha-ha-ha. Oh, oh, make it stop." You're an idiot. Can you believe she said that? You, a victim. Ha, ha! As if. Ha, ha! I know, I know. Although sometimes I can't help thinking... ...that man wasn't meant to do it more than six times a day. Now that you mention it, know what else I found out about myself? I don't like to be strangled. Hell, it's scary. You black out. You wake up in a different place, your face in a different headboard. [CHUCKLES THEN SIGHS] And that's just the physical pain. I never thought I'd hear myself say this: I don't wanna be a prostitute. Well, at least I get to hang onto these. Hey, you got the pimp socks. I did. Thanks for the fun, Terry. You were my best bitch. And you were a cold, cold pimp. CLEVELAND: Sorry about all those men I set you up with. [RAP MUSIC PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS] [CROWD CHATTERING] Yo, what's popping, y'all? I wanna thank everyone for coming to the official release party of Fireman Killer. Firemen's been getting a free pass for too long. May we say a few words? Dag, Pops. Why you always gotta blow up my spot? We're not blowing up anyone's spot. Gah. Hello, I'm Gabriel's father, Professor Friedman. And I'm Gabriel's mother, also Professor Friedman. [BOTH CHUCKLE] Please be mindful of the new carpet. Enjoy. She's here. All right, now get over there and tell her how you feel. Chanel, there's something I wanna tell you. KENNY: Whoa, whoa, whoa! I can't believe you're showing your face here. Especially talking to my girl like that. I should mess you up right now. But instead, I'm gonna take you down with my lyrics. Federstein, lay down a beat. [RAP BEAT PLAYING] [RAPPING] As Kenny sippin' Henny Rhymes thicker than Teflon At Stoolbend High I'm the black Zac Efron When I meet a shorty You know we're goin' bedwards Pullin' more tail Than my man, John Edwards Lumpy, chunky Booger-eating chump be Acting out of place Like Hootie singin' country Leave my girl alone Get you're own tenderoni Come on, who are we kidding? You're used to being lonely [MICROPHONE SQUEAKS] [CROWD CHEERING] I need to say something here. [SINGING] A, B, C, D, E, F, G Someone should've told you Not to fuck with me [RAPPING] You think you can rhyme? Man, your flow is amateur I'm a nerd, I can smoke you In iambic pentameter Mess with me? Homeboy, don't wanna risk it I'll burn you like Mrs. Friedman's God-awful brisket Well, that was uncalled-for. Yeah, how you like me now, bitch? [MICROPHONE SQUEALS] [CROWD CHEERING] [RAPPING] Fall back, big boy 'Cause your stepping to the best Kenny West Test, test, test Yo, is this thing on? [RAPS IN KLINGON] Yeah, I just dissed you in Klingon [RAPS IN KLINGON] Yeah, I speak Klingon too So kiss my chocolate gunta And also, hoch you [CROWD CHEERING] Your flow is faded and dated Deflated and constipated If I had to rate it? Hate it Translated: You ate it Hey, cheeseball, you've been grated Chewed up, swallowed and defecated, ha! To restate it On the DVD, this won't be pixilated Dang. He got him. That's my brother. All right, all right I know you think you're so hot Question is, [IN ROBOTIC VOICE] Can you sing like a robot? [IN ROBOTIC VOICE] Yes, I can sing like a robot Now y'all just witnessed history In the makin' Greatest combination Since eggs and bacon Kenny West and Cleveland Jr. Brown - Let's get up and burn this mother down - And burn this mother down [CROWD CHEERING] [GRUNTING] [CROWD SCREAMING] Saul, call the fire department. No! Don't you all see? That's just what they want y'all to... [FEDERLINE GRUNTS] Dag, girl. My whole world is upside-down. They are heroes. Not like those Coast Guard punks with they tugging-ass boats. You got another CD in you, boo. What do you know, it works. Hey, Junior. Man, I'm sorry I laid into you so hard. It was just kind of tough seeing you with my baby mama. Baby mama? Yes, Kenny and I have a child together. Meet Kandace. [STUTTERING] Wow! You two are a mommy and daddy? Kenny, don't tell me my new friend/hype man is a deadbeat dad. No, I ain't no deadbeat dad. I'm taking Kandace to school, I'm putting her to bed at night... ...I'm running around town trying to sell bone-density machines. Do you know how hard it is to sell a bone-density machine in this economy? How hard is it? It's hard. Oh, I thought you were trying to set up a joke. The point is, this child needs a family. And this is a good man. And who knows, someday he might even make it... ...as the self-described voice of his generation. Thanks, man. Hey, I want you to have something. No, they look good on you. What if I told you that you could draw a turkey... ...with nothing but your hand? [ENGLISH - US - SDH] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 