Taste the Nation with Padma Lakshmi: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Taste the Nation with Padma Lakshmi 
 s1e1 - Burritos at the Border - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Taste the Nation with Padma Lakshmi (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Burritos at the Border - full transcript 
 El Paso was once part of Mexico. Its border location defines the region's identity and the complexity of America's political landscape. Padma eats her way through the city while discovering the origins of America's most beloved cuisines. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 What do you like to eat here? What's your favorite menu item? - Soft scrambled eggs... - There you go. With that sauce they put on the huevos rancheros. - I love it. - Hold that thought. I wanna hear this really clearly without the plane. Wait one second. Hold that thought. We are really being upstaged by transportation here. Yeah. We're just gonna wait for this helicopter. There's that constant border sound 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 of a community under surveillance. - So that was border patrol? - That's border patrol. They're always surveilling the border. God damn it, la migra! I came to America when I was four. I'm an immigrant, and I'm not alone. I've spent my life writing about food and tasting the world. Now I wanna explore who we are through the food we eat. My game is strong. What exactly is American food? And what makes us American? I'm Padma Lakshmi. Come with me as we "Taste the Nation." So this is the barrio, right? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 This is downtown. This is the working class of El Paso, the working folks of El Paso. I think, anything you need, people always start here at the center. They call it, you know, "Vamos el centro," or "Let's go downtown." This is Gina Nuñez‐Mchiri. She's a food scholar and professor of anthropology, and she's giving me my first tour of El Paso. This is a wonderful mural. It represents Ciudad Juárez and El Paso, the sister cities. So you see the braids. I love the idea that we are a community braided together because people have been coming and going through El Paso for hundreds of years. There's a local saying that Mexicans didn't cross the border. The border crossed them. Because this area was taken from Mexico in 1848 as a result of the Mexican‐American War. Residents have been crossing back and forth for work and for family ever since. The El Paso‐Juárez border or frontera has become one of the busiest border crossings in the country. But the bond between these sister cities is under threat. The violence of the drug cartels in recent years has made El Paso residents afraid to go to Juárez. On top of that, Central Americans and Mexicans are being increasingly vilified in the U. S. We literally walled off the two cities, and families have been separated and jailed. America loves Mexican food. In fact, we eat more salsa than we do ketchup. But what about the hands that make that food? There's been so much talk about the border, and everyone has an opinion. But how do those who live here actually feel? I wanna find out, and if I can eat a few burritos on the way, that's an added bonus. Look at this building. They're absolutely these buildings are over 100 years old. There's theaters, plazas. You can get jeans, shoes. Where do you get a burrito? Oh, there are these little gems hidden in the wall. The burrito has always been one of my favorite foods. There's some debate about its origin, but locals here insist it was invented at a burro or donkey‐driven food cart in nearby Juárez during the Mexican revolution, hence the name burrito. A burrito is comfort food. It's something easy. It's something you can eat on the go. It's the greatest culinary heritage that La Juárez has given to the world. A burrito is a Mexican food that is delicious. Everyone has their favorite local burrito spot. For Gina, it's Jalisco Café. Can I help you ladies? Yes, can I have one bean burrito? And I'll have a chorizo con huevo con frijoles. You got it. Hector, what makes the perfect burrito? It's just attention to detail, plus a lot of it's got to do with the way the tortilla's made. We've had a recipe in the family and the factory that does it makes it exclusively for us. - Did you want beans on yours? - Yes, please. Yes, you got it. How long has Jalisco's been in business? Over 65 years. Has the menu changed at all? Not that much. When I was young, I ate a lot of burritos. At some point, there began to be rice inside the burrito. These burritos look normal sized, but now you've got burritos that are this big and this long. That's not a traditional burrito. That's not tradition. This is a traditional burrito right here. Every morning, fresh made tortillas, beans, meat, and whatever was available. When we get to work, that's your lunch. Put 'em on the dash of your car. - Hit the sun on it, you know. - Keeps it warm? Keeps it warm, yeah. - It's a good idea. - Yeah. When I have a very long day ahead of me, I start with a burrito. That's in your pocket for later. It might not even get there. I might eat it before. But if I have a burrito in me, I know I have enough energy and fuel to carry me over. It's so comforting. What does the burrito mean to Mexican‐American culture? It can mean the love of a mother when I send my child with a burrito to school. It's a blessing when someone gives you a burrito and you didn't expect it. I have friends who are like, "Wait, we're gonna have a talk? Let me get the burritos." - How big is El Paso? - Over 800,000. So it's a big city, but it has a small town. People will always ask you, "What high school are you from?" So if El Paso has a small town vibe, then Juárez, which is twice its size, - must be the big city. - It's the big city. El Paso literally means "the pass." - This is the path of the north. - Yeah. Often times referred to as the Ellis Island of the Americas. Here, we're in a very special place. We're not like the rest of the United States. We're not like the rest of Mexico. We're the borderlands, and in this third space, we hope to take the best from both cultures, and we make it our own. Which sounds like a microcosm for American culture in general. You know, we take the best of all cultures that land here, spin it into something new and wholly American. It's who we are as a country. We're constantly replenishing our identity. When you go away from the border, you constantly have to defend who you are. People are afraid of speaking Spanish. Here, everybody speaks Spanish. So to be Mexican on the border, it's to be in a homeland where other people look like you, eat like you, share life with you. They don't always have to be the other. They can just be. This unique dream of harmony was recently shattered by one of the country's worst mass shootings in history. Here in El Paso tonight, a gunman showing up at a Walmart armed with an assault‐style rifle. - Go, go! - Run, mija, run! There are at least 20 dead and 26 injured. His goal was to "shoot as many Mexicans as possible." Why would someone come hurt people at a city that is so kind to others? Our bodies are different shades of brown, and we can't change that. What are we gonna do? I teach and try to change people's hearts and minds, but in the meantime, when people are grieving, you send them food. To acompañar is to walk with someone. - And give them comfort. - And we do it through food. As iconic and revered as burritos are, they might not be as Mexican as you'd think. It's extremely hard to put in a box what Mexican cuisine is. The burrito symbolizes Mexican culture but also the influences of the Spanish. A burrito is a tradition wrapped in colonization because a burrito is a flour tortilla. Flour is not one of our ancestral foods. It's an imposed food. The Mayans domesticated corn or maize thousands of years ago. It wasn't until the Europeans arrived in the 16th century, bringing wheat, dairy, and rice, that flour became a staple of the Mexican diet. For some, flour remains a symbol of that earlier colonization. My favorite Mexican foods are rooted in ancestral gardens that come from our great, great grandmothers' recipes. This is the movement that I think we see now as food as resistance. Food is a connection to our ancestors that some of us might not know. It's only gonna stay alive if we just keep doing it. This is Emiliano Marentes, chef and co‐owner of Elemi, a restaurant known for an authentic Mexican menu that changes daily. His dishes focus on classic, ancestral cooking methods‐‐. Mexican food as it was before European influence. A purist at heart, he likes to get his ingredients from small farmers markets in Mexico whenever possible. As much as possible, I just want to get down to the raw ingredient. I want to know where I come from, and I don't know how to get there but through food. At the heart of Emiliano's success is a traditional approach to every detail. One of the conventions he maintains is making corn tortillas from scratch. He's agreed to show me the process that becomes the foundation for one of his favorite tacos, but first, a local drink. So we're doing sotol instead of mezcal. - I've never had sotol. - Sotol is really good. "Flor del desierto." Flower of desert? Yes, you smell the cactus. You smell the desert. Cheers, man. I love how there's a cross on the bottom of it, so, as you drink, you're like, "be judicious." Yeah. You know? Two people could finish a bottle and be fine. Really? You just need to take it slow. Just gotta do sips... Not my strong suit, but okay. All right, will you teach me - how to do nixtamalization? - Nixtamalization. Nixtamalization. - Nixtamalization. - Nixtamalization. Yes. Nixtamal. A little too much sotol. Nixtamalization, that's a process of cooking corn in an alkaline solution. We only cook it with water and with limestone. - Oh, my God. - Yeah. They're still big chunks. - Yeah. - Like, that's a really. Yeah. The limestone dissolves in boiling water. It makes the corn easy to grind but also initiates a protein enhancing transformation that has been historically important for populations with limited access to meat. Iron and calcium just skyrockets. The smell is incredible. That smell is my childhood. Mexican people are known as the children of corn. It was our diet for hundreds of years, so if you could say what belongs to Mexicans, it's the corn, the maize. It's the corn that they've coaxed out of the ground. Yes. So it's hard for me to think that people are gonna accept my tortillas before they accept my cousins. You know, we're just here to make a living just like everyone else. - Right into this little tray. - This feels good. So whenever you're ready, we'll turn it on. Look at that. This is so cool. Now it's like quicksand. It feels so good to touch it. And all I'm gonna do the press is heavy. You don't need to add too much pressure. Okay. And then you form your tortilla. Wow. Perfect, that was actually pretty good. - That looks good. - It is. - Melted cheese... - Yes. On a homemade tortilla. And this is the best part right here. Oh, yeah. Ooh. And just flip it, and that's‐‐. That is a thing of beauty. And‐‐. Are these your microgreens? Just a few microgreens. Okay, go on, be chef‐y about it. I would make this at home, and I'm gonna put - regular cilantro. - Cilantro, yes. Oh, my God. It's so good. I'm gonna cry. The mushrooms are savory. The beans are creamy. Cheese is oozy and crunchy and salty. Mmm, this alone is reason to come to El Paso. It's so delicious. Thank you. You're a good man. And that's one damn good taco. You can't visit this area without acknowledging what's going on in Washington right now. President Trump promised there will be 400 miles of the border wall in the next two years. Protesters in cities across the U. S. Demanded that the Trump administration end its zero tolerance policy at the border. This policy has led to many migrant refugee families being put in cages as they await asylum protection. The border has become the center of a polarizing national argument about immigration policy, but on the ground, the situation is a whole lot more complicated. Inside this tiny kitchen, all of that seems a world away. This is H&H; Car Wash and Coffee Shop, recipient of a James Beard Classics Award and hands down the most frequently suggested place for an authentic El Paso meal. Here, immigration isn't a controversial topic. In fact, many of the employees commute from Juárez daily, but no matter which side of the border they wake up on, the women that work here are masters at their craft and the backbone of this business. Today's specialty, chiles rellenos. Oh, my God. Those are the best beans I've ever tasted. It's so warm and crunchy, and it feels really simple. It's delicious. Do you do burritos with this? Yes. I may have to have another one just so I can have it with a tortilla. H&H; is about as Mexican as an El Paso diner can get, so I was surprised to meet the owner who's not exactly what I expected. This is Maynard Haddad. How long have you been here? 25 years? Shit, October '58. How about 61? Wow. Big deal, right? It's a big deal to me. I'm only 49 years old. Well, I know, but you're a knockout, so what the hell's the difference? Thank you. Thank you. There's no difference, but I mean, that's a long time. You know, I'ma tell you about my politics. I'm conservative, and if I'm not, I'm stupid. Did you vote for both Bushes? Yes. - Did you vote for Reagan? - Of course. You support Trump? He's full of shit, but I like him. Am I gonna vote for him right now? Yes. What choice do we have? So you support Trump because there's nobody better? That's my opinion. What would you say to people who say, "I don't like Mexicans"? You work with a ton of Mexicans. I mean, I grew up with 'em. I love 'em, and they know it. In El Paso, nothing is ever black and white. Maynard's own Syrian family immigrated to Texas a generation ago, crossing over from Juárez. My dad's idea to have the old‐fashioned fountain stand so people could have a sandwich while we were washing their car, and he taught us to be proud Americans. Even a hardcore conservative like Maynard has trouble making sense of all the recent changes to border policy. Hey, Cesar! You go, every day, back and forth. That's incredible. So what used to take 30 minutes, - now takes hours... - Oh yeah. Every day. We open at 9:00, so they have to get up at 6:00, 5:30 to come over, and they do it. Why are they being harassed? I chatted with a couple of his other employees on their lunch break about what it's like to work for Maynard. How did you first get to Maynard? Do you agree with everything Maynard feels? - No. - No. I always feel like if we looked at the immigration issue like we are a big family‐‐. Mm‐hmm. You know, everyone has people in their family that they have to deal with, you know what I mean? That maybe we would have more empathy. Mm‐hmm. Mm‐hmm. For Maynard's daughter Julie, it all comes down to relationships. She's been immersed in the Mexican‐American community her entire life. I was raised by Mexicans because we worked our whole lives. I mean, as kids, we were washing cars, so I mean I think the problem when I listen to stuff on the news it's not like that. There's so much love in this community. I don't feel hate towards anybody that's trying to make a better life for themselves. So what would your business be like if you weren't able to hire immigrants? We wouldn't have a business, I don't think. I really don't. Here's the deal. They waste all that money on the wall, and they can build all the walls they want. You're not gonna stop 'em. You know why? Hunger. Hunger. They're hungry, and this is the greatest country in the world. As El Paso navigates these thorny issues of cultural identity and life on the border, many in the community are working together to make sense of it all. This is Café Mayapan, a job training, non‐profit restaurant that also functions as a community center. Today, the ACLU is here making sure that both residents and immigrants are aware of their rights. This is for people's lives that we're talking about whether you are a border resident or whether you're a recent arrival. It's not illegal to come to the border and seek for protection. And present yourself to an authority. Exactly. You guys were defending, also, extreme, ultra‐right people. We can't pick and choose what we want to defend. There's obviously a lot at play in El Paso. It's both political and emotional, but for me, the thread that connects the whole city always comes back to food. I'm on my way to visit a chef who's very in tune with tradition, but is also just as focused on the future. First, let's get started with all the stuff that we need for the salsa. - Okay. - This salsa is then going to go over a pork shoulder. It's gonna braise. Yum. And then, in the end, we're gonna make a crepe and put the beggar's purse right on top. Sounds delicious. I can't wait. So the first thing we need to do is I need to get all of these charring. Do you need these first? I need all of it at the same time. Great. So no pressure. Oui, Chef. Yeah. A native of El Paso, Rico Torres is the co‐owner of San Antonio's Mixtli, an award‐winning traditional but inventive Mexican restaurant. He sees the kitchen as a way to honor Mexican ingredients and regional diversity, and he's passionate about elevating all of it. Mixtli is a Aztec word, and it means "cloudy." And so in the way that clouds move, our menus also travel. Every time we switch out a menu, we're focusing on region, a time in history, cooking ideals. We're really trying to separate Tex Mex so we can reintroduce Mexican cuisine to our customers. Today, we're making one of Rico's specialties, a beggar's purse filled with pork chili verde. I like to have a lot of this char into the salsa - because it's such‐‐yeah. - It adds flavor, right? That nice bitterness. I love tomatillos. Rico takes pride in Mexico's influence on the world, but he also acknowledges how borderless our culinary experiences can be. Mexico's an agricultural cradle to the world, so they discovered cacao in Mexico and vanilla. You hear French vanilla and Swiss chocolate, but no, these things came from Mexico. Spanish arrive in Mexico, would do six months over the Pacific Ocean back and forth bringing ingredients. Spain brings it into the Caribbean and then into Mexico. I mean, look, it went all around the world, and it's back home where it started. Well, that's what food does, right? It is. It travels, and it unites us. Yeah, that's gonna be good. Rico's flavors aren't limited by lines on a map. Like his El Paso roots, they're a fusion of two cultures. I don't know what it's like to be one or the other. I don't know what it's like to be puro Mexicano American. All‐‐we're all so interconnected into everything that we do. I was lucky enough to be born on this side of the border, but I could have easily been born on the other side of the border and had a completely different lifestyle. I grew up going to Juárez almost every day for about five years when I was a baby. My parents would drive over and pick me up from Grandma's house. You're talking about going back and forth. Mm‐hmm. Several nights a week. Yeah, I wouldn't do that now. It's much more dangerous. After '97, '98, it got really crazy. You have people on this side of the border that have it a little bit easier and people on the other side of the border that don't have the same opportunities and, in essence, what do you want? You want a better life for yourself, for your children. When there's an actual separation a physical separation‐‐ that reminds you daily that you can't have that or that maybe you don't deserve that, I think that's really sad. What do you say to people who want to keep things separate? - That they're scared. - I think it is fear. It's fear. It's fear of the unknown. The most hardcore racist person would probably really enjoy any of these dishes. Yeah‐‐ who doesn't like a taco? - Right, exactly, exactly. - You know? So what do you think will bring that acceptance? A lot of love and a lot of patience and forgiveness on both sides. - On both sides. - On both sides. Get this guy mashed up. - This is nice, okay. - This looks so good. Mmm. Yeah? It's perfect. You get the sweetness from the garlic, - a little bitter from the char. - Mm‐hmm. I love it. More? RICO: That's good. If I don't drink it all. Perfect, all right. So we wanted to marry the traditions of the Europeans and ingredients that were already native in Mexico. So this is a corn flour crepe. We're gonna fill it up with the meat. It's a very elevated burrito. You have European techniques of making crepes. You have the guisados which are more indigenous of this area. Stews. Yeah. Yeah, it's gonna work. We're gonna be okay. Oh, my God... so good. Kind of start scrunching it up like a concertina. Tight‐‐and just one more. Yay. I did it. So grab it like this. - Mm‐hmm. - Eat it from the bottom. Oh, man, look at that. Mmm, that worked out real nice. The dish is rich with luscious pork and tangy with the tomatillo salsa, but Rico's goals go way beyond food. I think that if we understand each other's cuisines and cultures and where those foods came from, I think that'll be a way to open up doors. Right now, we're so wound up with Republicans hating Democrats and the wall and all these slogans that only work to separate. What we need are people that will show us those similarities as opposed to those contrasts. The people here in El Paso have reminded me of just how similar we really are. Whether you live north or south of the border, we all want a better life for ourselves and for our children. Our roots run deep, and the world is too small for us to be acting like we don't know each other. Delicious. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 