Spider-Man Unlimited: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Spider-Man Unlimited 
 s1e1 - Worlds Apart: Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Spider-Man Unlimited (1999–2005): Season 1, Episode 1 - Worlds Apart: Part 1 - full transcript 
 When Spider-Man spots his two main enemies, Venom and Carnage, hijacking on John Jameson's spaceship on a trip to the mysterious planet, Counter-Earth, he fails to stop them and the two symbiote villains go with Jameson to Counter-Earth, where the ship crashes and Jameson presumably dies. The public then blames Spider-Man for Jameson's seeming death. Spider-Man fakes his own death and lies low for half a year until he gets a new nano-tech costume from Reed Richards and gets another ride to Counter-Earth. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [helicopter whirring] [reporter] This is Lisa, live at the Cade. Colonel John Jameson is coming to the podium to make a statement. Six months ago, through use of an advanced warp drive engine, the unmanned probe Aleta projected itself to the far side of the sun. There, Aleta discovered an exact duplicate of our world, the Counter-Earth. Then, as you know, Aleta sent back this troubling final footage 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 of its own demise. Due to Aleta's destruction, many have questioned the wisdom of risking a manned mission to the Counter-Earth, but this act of aggression by the people of Counter-Earth demands investigation! That's my son. Hear that, Parker? I've always said John was a hero, haven't I? You sure have, Jonah. About 50 times in the past hour. That boy's presidential timber. My Spider-Sense tingling. You say something, Parker? Parker? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Something funny is going on here. My Spider-sense is going full blast. What could possibly be... Hey, what's up with those guys? No! Venom and Carnage. Looks like Jameson's gonna have a couple of stowaways. Unless they get their tickets punched by their friendly neighborhood Spider-Man! [theme music playing] [Mission Control] T-minus five, four... three, two... one. We have ignition! [Jonah] That's my boy! Chock full of the right stuff! I don't know what the blob brothers are doing on John's spaceship, But he won't stand a chance against them. This is the best day of my... Oh, no! Not again! It's always Spider-Man! [grunting] [grunting] [grunts] Now that was a bit too close for comfort. Uh-oh. [roars] Whoa! Hey! You two could never morph like that before! I just may be outgunned here. Sorry, web-head, but this flight's booked. Nothing's going to stop us from reaching Counter-Earth and the Synoptic! The Synoptic? [groaning] I'm impressed. Snazzy new powers and a vocabulary to match. [Carnage] So long, sucker! Jameson's still up there, alone with Venom and Carnage, because I couldn't save him. Activating warp ring. [John] What's that? Something coming from the cargo bay. Breaking into the cockpit! [grunts] John? John! [woman 1] Wh-what's Spider-Man doing up there? -[woman 2] It's Spider-Man! -What was he doing up there? Spider-Man! He did this! He sabotaged the ship! Because of him, John is-- Hey, wait a second! It isn't my fault! I was only trying to help. -Hold it, Spider-Man! -Surrender! Sorry, gentlemen, but I don't do surrender. [soldiers yelling] Great. Just great! As usual, something goes wrong, and look who everybody blames. Meanwhile, John Jameson's alone in a spaceship with two of the meanest psychos this side of Vlad the Impaler. [jeering] [cat meows] [cat yowls] No! Get away! -[Spider-Man groans] -Don't hurt me! [crowd clamoring] But this time he's gone too far! My paper is prepared to pay $10 million to anyone who can identify Spider-Man or aid in his capture. Ten million? For that kind of money, I'm tempted to turn myself in. [explosions] -[woman screams] -Uh-oh. Aah! [woman screaming] [siren wailing] Ah-ah-ah. Don't thank me. Just remember to support your local web-slinger. [grunts] [fireman] Hold it right there, murderer! You're not going anyplace. For all we know, this fire is your doing. You're blaming me? After all the times I've risked my life for this stinking city, this is the thanks I get? [gasps] Look out! Then he lunged at me, and I don't mind saying I thought my hour was at hand. but the building collapsed on him and saved my life. This is all we found of him. Oh. I was so worried, Peter. I've been so worried for so long. And when it seemed like it finally happened... Oh, tiger! I thought I'd lost you. [reporter] Last night brought a seeming end to the troubled career of the controversial masked adventurer known as Spider-Man. [sighs] [sighs] I hope so. [groans] Hey, M.J, did you get the number of that building that fell on me? [reporter] Has the controversial life of Spider-Man ended? While many question the value of these masked vigilantes to our society, others remember Spider-Man as a hero, a man willing to lay his life... What's wrong, Peter? I, I don't know what to do. All these years, I've been two people instead of just one, being Spider-Man, trying to do right. Sometimes I think it was all that defined me. There are lots of people who fight the good fight without it turning into a costumed slugfest. Peter Parker could be as important to the world As Spider-Man ever was. If you'll let him. [reporter] Reed Richards has scheduled a press conference later today to discuss the... Maybe M.J.'s right. Maybe I have been given a second chance. Maybe Spider-Man did die in that fire last night. This just in. After a week of silence, a transmission from astronaut John Jameson has been received. Repeat! I am on Counter-Earth! This situation is desperate. The creatures are... I can't do it alone! If they're not stopped here, Earth may be next. Jameson's still alive! And this time, if Spider-Man can't help him, maybe Peter Parker can. [Chambers] Everything checks out. The Solaris 2 rescue mission is ready for lift-off. T-minus two hours and counting. You know, I've never been sure what that guy does here. I've heard old man Jameson pulled some strings and got him in. He's some kind of special photojournalist from the Bugle. Guess it's time for the world to get acquainted with the all-new, all-improved... Spider-Man! This year's fully-loaded model features nano-technology, discreetly borrowed from the lab of Reed Richards. This scientific marvel features billions of microscopic robots working in harmony to make one spiffy set of duds, complete with optional antisymbiote devices. Hold it right there, Spider-Man. If you really are Spider-Man. Don't try to stop me, Fury. I said hold it, web-slinger! I promise my next shot won't miss. Listen, Fury. Jameson's rescue is my responsibility. I'm the only one who can bring him home. And it's the only way to clear my name. You sure you know how to drive this thing? Then whatcha waiting for? If anyone can pull this off, it's Spider-Man. Everything's running hot, straight, and clean. Now just one more minor detail. Listen up, world. This is Spider-Man, on my way to Counter-Earth to find John Jameson and clear my good name. Now to cover Peter Parker's tracks. And I'm going with him, Peter Parker. After all, what newspaperman could turn down an opportunity like this? And if they buy that, I've got some Florida swampland I'd love to sell 'em. Now all I have to do is survive the space-time warp, figure out how to land this baby on Counter-Earth, and rescue John Jameson from a hostile planet. Remember what Uncle Ben said, M.J., "with great power comes great responsibility." I'm guessing that's Counter-Earth. I'm caught in some kind of tractor beam. The ship is out of my control! I can't break free. Not that I'd know where to go if I could. Maybe I can angle the retros and kinda slide out. It's working! Come on! Just a little more. Uh-oh. I'm 6 degrees off on approach. I'm toast! Sorry, M.J. You know I had to try. Uh-oh, something tells me that was the frying pan, and this is the fire! Surrender, by order of Lord Tyger and the High Evolutionary. And everything was going so well till now. You're gonna have to do better than that to nail your friendly interplanetary Spider-Man. [Tyger] Wait! He calls himself a Spider-Man. Perhaps he's a bestial. Leave him to us. Now what? The Four Horsemen of the Ridiculous? Hey! What amusement park did you guys escape from? It is folly to continue this flight, Spider-Man. Know you not that no one escapes us? Holy moly! Who... what are you guys? We are the Knights of Wundagore. I am known to all as Lord Tyger. This is the mighty warrior, Ursula. I grow impatient with all this talking, my lord. This beauty among beauties is Lady Vermin. We should not do battle, stranger, for you are most fair to Lady Vermin's eyes. And you are most rat-like to mine own. [giggling] Flatterer. And finally, this proud knight is Sir Ram. Know you, spider-creature, that we are the Knights of Wundagore. Plenipotentiaries most puissant of the High Evolutionary himself. Spider-creature? This from a goat in knight's clothing? Well, I'm sorry to disappoint you and the rest of old MacDonald's farm, nut to paraphrase John Paul Jones, I have not yet begin to flee! [grunts] Maybe I can lose 'em in that fog. I'm getting the distinct impression that these beast people are the ones running this planet. Aw, man! A planet where apes drive SUVs? Let's see. Fish Girl. Monkey Woman. Giraffe Guy. What is this, the Manhattan Island of Dr. Moreau? Whoa! Ground floor, coming up. [people clamoring] [screams] [gasps] Sorry to interrupt, but run! [man screams] [screams] Couldn't bear to see anything happen to you. Looking for another roommate? Guess not. Stealth Mode, on. Phew. I thought she'd never leave. This Stealth Mode really heats up the suit. What have we learned today? Beast people are in charge, and normal people live in overpopulated slums. I have a hunch I know where I'm headed. Surrender, Spider-Man. I don't think so. Too crowded down here for a battle. Up above there's more room to move. Ursula! An assist! [grunts] Uh-oh. You know, in another context, the idea of a goat-man dressed like a doctor might be amusing. In truth, he has a sense of humor. I like that in a bestial. I would curb my ardor were I you, Milady Vermin. We know not if this creature is in fact one of us. Aye, Sir Ram. But be he human or beastial, 'tis certain that he is a valiant warrior. [chuckles] Listen to Tony here. He's great! Ha! An excellent jape. Truly, you are either most brave or most foolhardy to make sport of Lord Tyger. Why have you not removed his mask? Your pardon, excellency. It is of a technology unknown to me. But I should be able to pierce it with this device and obtain a DNA sample. Very well, proceed. A DNA sample? Hold it! Hold it! I bite my nails! How about a nice piece of fingernail? [theme music playing] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 