Spider-Man Unlimited: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Spider-Man Unlimited 
 s1e4 - Deadly Choices - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Spider-Man Unlimited (1999–2005): Season 1, Episode 4 - Deadly Choices - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [child crying] [child screaming] The theft is confirmed, my Lord. The mutagen Z-99 has been stolen from the level five laboratory. We suspect the human revolutionaries, in particular, the one known as Git Hoskins. [sighing] I fear that one day our master's sins shall undo us all. -[laughing] -Ha ha! [woman] Aah! [machine man] Surrender now! Must eliminate target. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Surrender now! [male voice] Do not fire. I would preserve him if possible, for I have much invested in this specimen. Git Hoskins, you cannot comprehend the danger which you may have unleashed. For the good of all, human and bestial alike, return that to me. Aah! Machine men, stop him! Stop him at all costs, even if you must destroy him. [male voice] Yeah, these are some nice pictures, kid, but nice don't sell papers, now, do it? You seen one guy swinging on a web, and you've seen them all. Life is tough, Pete, especially since the High Evolutionary took over. People want escapism. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 They wanna know more about this Spider-Man's personal life. They want to know what he's eating, what he's doing for fun, or even better, who's he seeing? Nothing like an embarrassed public figure to sell papers. [chuckling] Yeah. There's your assignment, Parker. Your buddy Spider-Man must have a girlfriend. Get me pictures of her. Or better yet, of them together. But, Mr. Minio, it's not like I can just ask him for a photo op. Spider-Man's not exactly my best pal. Boss, look out the window. This better be good. Whoa! Parker, get me some pics of this! I'm on it. Surrender now! Hope you don't mind if I cut in. Beats me what this is all about, but if I don't get you out of here, you're gonna really need those bandages. My spider sense... tingling. Must eliminate target. Nice shooting, partner... not! Now it's lasers versus webbing... or not. I knew I should have loaded my web shooters this morning. Surrender now! [theme music playing] Surrender now! You know, the trouble with this world is that everyone's always shooting at someone, namely me, without taking the time to talk. The Wundagore welcome wagon. Status good, Sir Ram. He has again escaped us. What are you guys doing here, as if I didn't know? I might well ask the same of you, Spider-Man, but there is no time for such pleasantries. Hey, I don't remember asking you, mutton man. [Vermin] Tread softly, my love. When you insult one Knight of Wundagore, you insult us all. Oh, well, that's convenient. And would you please stop calling me your love? Patience, Lady Vermin. Our own survival, as well as the survival of our city, depends upon finding the bio-container Git Hoskins has stolen. Let us resume the hunt. Hold it, sheep dip. Git's helped save my bacon from you guys more than once. I figure that makes it my business to know why you're chasing him and what this bio-container has in it. It is a viral agent which was stolen from my lab capable of causing extreme mutagenic changes in living tissue. It is also highly contagious with an airborne vector. Now stand aside, insect! I keep telling you, it's arachnid. And what gives? The last time I saw you guys, you wanted to chase me all over the Lower East side kick my butt, and slice me up six ways to Sunday. Make no mistake, parasite. I shall indeed kick your butt and slice you up six ways to Sunday and take great pleasure in doing so. But presently, more pressing matters rob me of such enticing diversions. Proceed to grid seven search. Sheesh! It's getting so a masked vigilante can't get arrested in this town. Something tells me I better keep an eye on those guys, But since I can't keep up with those flying hobby horses without webbing, a spider-tracer will have to do. Contagious, that's a word I've never liked much, right up there with "root canal" and "broccoli." Now, to get home, fill up on web fluid, and track down Git before they do. -Hey, pal, any chance you're headed for midtown? -[screaming] Well, looks like I got to do it the hard way. Public transportation, spidey-style. Mary Jane? Oh, man, that does it. I got to get off this planet before I wind up dating outside my species. [dog barking] You said you wouldn't call me. You have a man living there. Only renting the spare room, not that it's any of your business. Where you and Shane are concerned, I make it my business. You're the one who left us, and threatening my tenant won't get you anywhere. Why don't you just leave us alone? It's dad. Is he coming home? I don't think so, hon. [knocking on door] We'll see. -[grunting] -John! What's wrong? Naoko... help me. Uh! Oh, you're too heavy. Some bedside manner you've got here, doc. Peter! Well, you sure know how to make an entrance. Let's get him into the clinic. Aah! Aah! [siren wailing] Uh! -Uhh. -Jameson? You know who he is? Oh, I, uh, saw pictures in The Daily Byte of some suspected human revolutionaries. He was one of them. [groaning] Help me strap him down. He has a medical condition. He may become violent. I've got a job interview, Naoko. Don't want to be late. See you later. [thinking] Man, that was close. If Jameson knew Peter Parker and Spider-Man are both on counter-Earth... that's more explaining than I want to do right now. I'd better steer clear of this place till I get to the bottom of whatever's going on with Git. Git was supposed to bring the container he stole from Sir Ram's lab to us. Instead, he's disappeared with it. The blasted High Evolutionary was making a biological weapon. He's planning to get rid of our kind. Sir Ram said it was some kind of highly contagious virus. The virus is the least of our worries. The container has a built-in fail-safe device. Its timer started counting down the moment the material left the lab. We found this out after Git left on the mission. Deep cover, no way to contact him. Best estimate is about two hours before it triggers. Uh, exactly what kind of fail-safe are we talking about? A fusion bomb. According to our intelligence, unless abort codes are entered within two hours, it'll fry a circular area about 25 miles in diameter. Course, if anybody opens the seals without entering the codes, it triggers immediately. If it goes off in New York City, it'll wipe out millions. Which is why we've got to find Git. By the time he gets to the rendezvous point, it may be too late. Sir Ram said something about searching grid seven. Can we find out where that is? We've broken some other codes. This might be one of them. Just what have you got in mind, old son? The only way we stand a chance of finding Git is if we and the Knights work together. -Aah! -[honking] Hey, sir leg of lamb, got a proposition for you. What is the meaning of this? I say we join forces. It's the only way to find Git in time. You revolutionaries caused this problem in the first place. Let there be an end to your interference now! -This was a bad idea. -You think? Hold it! Hold it! Listen, all of you. This is bigger than genetic differences. If the fail-safe triggers, human and bestial alike will be blown away. Look, it doesn't matter who got us into this mess. What matters is getting out in time. You can't be serious. Humans working with bestials? Turns my stomach, the idea does. On that one thing we agree, at least. Sir Ram, you're a scientist. Do the math. If we work together, we more than double our chances. Much as I hate to admit it, your words make sense. [Sir Ram] Very well, Spider-Man. Humans and Knights will work together on this, distasteful though it may be. A born negotiator. [metal clanking] This is the primary rendezvous site. This is where we were supposed to meet Git after he'd stolen the virus. He was here. His scent is faint but unmistakable. He went that way. I always said she smelled like a rat. You are fortunate that time does not allow me to demonstrate my contempt for you and all your kind! You want a demonstration? Here and now, horn-head. Here and now! Back off, all of you. We're not on the playground here. Get it straight. We work together or we all fry. I must reluctantly agree. I would not trust our foes to deal with this problem in the proper manner on their own. That goes double for me. There's a secondary rendezvous location two miles from here. Git should have gone there. [boys laughing] Get away from me. Don't touch me! Oh. [children shouting] [siren wailing] This is the secondary rendezvous point. If we're lucky, Git will show up here in time. Incoming! He must think we've gone turncoat. He has the bio-container. Retrieve it. I must disarm the bomb. He'll need those bandages even more when I'm finished with him. -By the double helix! -Come to papa. Got it! Aah! Stone me! He's triggered the destruct switch! -Destruct switch? -Hit the deck! You go after Git. We'll follow when we can. He's right. You're the only one who can catch him on foot. Git, it's not what you think! Oh, man. Git, stop! Git, it's me. I'm on your side. The container! We must hurry. The deactivation code will not work once the final minute is reached. -[beeping] -It's too late. That's it then. In less than a minute, we're history, along with the city. You give up too quick, Bromley. We're not cooked, yet. Git, listen to me. We need your help. The bio-container has a bomb in it. If we don't stop it, the entire city will go up. Think of all the children, Git. [woman's voice] He's right, Git. Please. Good on you, Git. You're a hero, lad. Not now, Bromley. Do not think, humans, that our joint success changes your status in any way. When we meet again, we are enemies... and you may expect no-- [screaming] As I said, expect no quarter! This is not my idea of a happy ending. I don't believe this. What, was there a sale on death wishes? You guys just saved the whole city, and a lot of New Jersey, by working together. Isn't that enough for one night? We'll be keeping this as a little souvenir of the evening's festivities. I'd advise you to go now. Try it, human, and you shall not leave this rooftop alive. Look, I'm the only neutral party here. I'll take the canister and see that it's destroyed once and for all. And how exactly, do you intend to safely dispose of the virus? Only I have the facilities to contain its mutagenic properties. [Spider-Man] There's no way you're getting your mad scientist mitts on this again. You appealed to my logic earlier, Spider-Man. Now, I appeal to yours. Only I can dispose of this menace, and you know it. What assurance do we have that you will destroy it? You have my word as a Knight of Wundagore. That should suffice. Yeah, right. Your word and a nickel will g-- Hey! Git, are you sure about this? [camera clicking] [laughing] Spider-Man and the and the rat lady. Who'd have thunk it? OK, people, let's look alive! We got a paper to get out! Move it! Move it! Oh, nice doing business with you, Parker. Ha ha. Same here. Let's keep it nice. Another piece of the puzzle. [evil laughter] -So, how was school today? -OK. Hey, did you see that picture of Spider-Man and the rat lady in the paper. Ugh. Gross! Yeah, I can't imagine what he'd see in her... not with people like your mother around. We'll see about this, Peter Parker. [theme music playing] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 