The Princess' Man: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Princess' Man 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Princess' Man (2011–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 In 1453 Prince Su-Yang kills Kim Jong-Seo to eventually become the 7th king of the Joseon Dynasty. One year before the coup, Kim Jong-Seo is the most powerful liege and the most trusted by ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 SRT softsub created by Ahoxan on: Mon Jul 2517:12:152011. One of us two will see the blood. I, Kim Jong Seo, am not afraid of death. Sooyang! I won't forgive you even from my grave! Her Royal Highness! Don't you by any chance want to go outside the palace? Outside the palace? What about my lesson? I will go in your place. I have to see him with my own eyes. Professor Kim Seung Yoo is supposedly my future husband. Even if you show me... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 a more private part than your calf, I won't be tempted. Even though you say women are only shadows of their men, how can we trust such flippant men and follow them? Second State Councilor's son, as I've heard, you're really bright and handsome. In the future, please give much teaching not only to the princess but to the Crown Prince as well. I am infinitely obliged. I am eagerly awaiting your response to our marriage proposal, Your Excellency. Episode 2. Princess! I shall choose Kim Seung Yoo as my son-in-law. Her Royal Highness! Her Royal Highness! What is all this fuss about? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Your Majesty has said that he would choose Professor Kim Seung Yoo as your royal consort. Professor Kim Seung Yoo?! You almost died! Does a princess have two lives? How can a woman be so unrestrained? Please take back your order! How can you decide on the royal son-in-law without the selection process? This is a deed that is against the solemn rites of the royal family. Choosing my son-in-law according to my wish is against the rites? If I may... Are you saying you will make someone whose worth has not been proven into the royal son-in-law? Are you saying His Excellency Kim Jong Seo's son Kim Seung Yoo is not fit to be a royal son-in-law? As the head of the royal clan, if I may... When Your Majesty has Professor Kim Seung Yoo in your mind, how can your servant not follow your wish? Moreover, as far as I know Kim Seung Yoo takes after his father in character and learning and does not lack anything as a royal son-in-law. However, the argument that the royal rites must be followed is also correct. We will go through the motion of holding a selection and recommend Kim Seung Yoo in the end. If you let me be the master of the ceremony, that will be a glory and honor. Joohon: Person in charge of organizing a royal marriage. It's only right that Sooyang should be the master of the ceremony. I give you my permission. I've heard the answer to our marriage proposal. Have you chosen Your Majesty over me? Congratulations. How can you be so reckless? I've taught you that even a princess is just a woman. What Joseon woman would pertly mount a horse in broad daylight and stride along a thoroughfare, that's what I'm asking! Did you just say pertly? I will go to the palace right this minute and punish the ladies-in-waiting and palace guards who let the princess leave the palace. When it comes to punishment, you also need to get your share, teacher. How dare you use such irreverent language as "unrestrained" and "pert" to the princess? What? If you hate that idea, then just go on your own merry way. Even though that's my heart's desire, I cannot ignore the duties of a teacher. Mount it please. Please lend me your back. Back? Didn't you just tell me to mount the horse? So you are going to climb on using my back as the stepping stone? Why? Won't your pride allow it? Do you dare to speak of a man's pride before the nation's Princess Royal? Subtitles brought to you by The Princess' Man Team at viki.com. Sorry. Why try to ride something that you're so scared of? How can a man understand what a woman feels? Not as a man, but as a teacher, maybe he can understand. Is it really so? If you ride a horse in an open place, do you really feel so free? That's what I want to know. You'll have to gallop enough to feel the wind. Even though I'm scared, I really want to experience it. Once married, a woman cannot even leave her house easily. I will need a fond memory to bear the stifling life. Announce me. Right now, the Second State Councilor is with His Majesty. They'll make a beautiful couple. Even though he is far less than perfect, he will be a big help to you, Your Majesty. King Moonjong Not to me, but to the Crown Prince. Of course he will. Where on earth is this place? I can't let you go back like this. We're here to borrow some clothes. After changing, let's go back to the palace. Aren't you going to dismount? Welcome. Please. Watch your step. My Lord! This way, please. My Lord, you're here! My Lord! My Lord! My Lord! How come you didn't come this way last night? I'll have to borrow some clean clothes. Why? Why, Oppa? What do you need it for? Who is this unfashionable young lady? For a lady who looks naive, you seemed to have had a serious tumble. Speaking of which, your clothes are also... Did you, by any chance, tumble together? Look here! She is not one for you to make into the butt of your jokes. Show her into a room. It's fair. It looks like my face, right? Pshaw! What are you doing? He is my hubby. Lecher. Libertine. Oh, my Cho Shim was here! Hurry, hurry and come here! You mistook me for someone else. I said come here. You're such a coquette! Come here quickly! I seriously... My Lord! You're in a wrong room. Let's go quickly. No, I am in the right place! Hurry, let's go! Now, let's have a look. Oh ho, that color is...! It's see-through, can't you see?! That's indecent... You really don't have any genteel clothes? Isn't this one genteel? Subtitles brought to you by PM Team @ viki.com. How can someone wear something like this? I can't escort you like this. You should change your clothes and go back to the palace. Where are you going, Princess? I wondered where the horse is. It's tired out so we cannot take it right now. I have gotten a litter ready instead. Let's go out. How come you selected such a sheer jacket? Please get me something more decorous. Decorous? I wouldn't have thought that it's a word that would come out of a woman who falls asleep with her bare feet sticking out. By now, the palace must be in an uproar (looking for you). Please, hurry up. Princess? Oho, where did they go? I left my norigae (accessory worn by women over their hanbok) in the room. Servant! It's a valuable item. You should go get it personally. I have fetched it. Are you sleeping again? I'm sorry. Where did she go? What's this? If this isn't Professor Kim... What brings you here at this time of night? I am here to inspect if you're doing your job of guarding the palace gates properly. You're so silly. I have to get an important book. I'll just go in for a brief time. Now? It's something necessary for the princess tomorrow. You must return soon. Or we'll be in big trouble. Yes. What is the reason that you are here? What is the princess doing right now? That... Why do you ask? I need to know. Her highness is with the king right now. She's with the king? That means she returned. Pardon? That will do. You need to carefully guard the princess. If by chance, Any harm should come to her highness, I'm going to punish you. Yes. Oh, right. Give this to her. Yes. Kim Seung Yoo, Do you dislike him? What is there... to like or to dislike? Because I heard that you obediently get lessons from him I thought you did not dislike him. I have to stay with the crown prince a little longer. Please postpone the selection of my royal consort. If you really care for the crown prince, then, Marry Kim Seung Yoo. How long are you going to stay by the crown prince's side? Until he fully grows up? Until he accedes to the throne? Your highness. The only person who can protect the crown prince is, It's not his father whose life is nearing an end. It's not his older sister either who knows nothing of the politics. It's only, Kim Jong Seo. If you live for a long time, To such useless hope, can you leave your dongsaeng's fate? Your father, doesn't have the energy to listen to your childish gripes. So much to do and so little time left. And my heart is heavy. The person whom I knew as Se Ryung's future husband is going to be my royal consort... Have you heard such an incredible thing? Your highness. I wonder whether Se Ryung knows about this... This won't do. I have to meet with Kim Seung Yoo tomorrow and reveal the truth and... He just came by. Who? Professor Kim Seung Yoo... Kim Seung Yoo? What brought him by at this time of night? He left this behind for you. This... This is the thing you gave to Lady Se Ryung. Not only did you leave on horseback, You come back wearing clothes fit for a gisaeng. Do you have any sense at all? Lady! Give me your word that you'll never do this again. I said, give me your word! I'll never ride a horse again. If you hover around a horse once again, You're going to see this mother die. Do you understand? Yes. Your calves are the dark purplish color of red beans. Red bean or soy bean, it smarts to death. Hurry and finish putting on salve. It's coming along. Please, endure it a little longer. You said you hurt your ankle but the swelling has completely gone down. Decorous? I wouldn't have thought that it's a word that would come out of a woman who falls asleep with her bare feet sticking out. I wonder if he applied it himself directly. Pardon? Never mind. Ow. Congratulations. Nominally and virtually, you're going to be Princess Royal's father-in-law. Grand Prince Sooyang was haplessly defeated by Your Majesty and Your Excellency's joint counter attack. The sight of him following the King's order and volunteering to be the master of the ceremony was so pathetic to see. I cannot understand it at all. Didn't he try to make Seung Yoo his own son-in-law? Grand Prince Sooyang who cannot have failed to see Your Majesty and Your Excellency's intent... How can he accept this royal consort selection so meekly? What is he going to do if he doesn't accept it? When Your Majesty and Your Excellency want to join hands?! The royal son-in-llaw has not been decided yet. Since Sooyang has become the master of the ceremony, the process of royal consort selection is in his hands. Royal son-in-law?! Rejecting your proposal and he's going to put his son Kim Seung Yoo in the position of the royal son-in-law! This is none other than a declaration of war that Your Majesty and Kim Jong Seo will clamp down on you. You have to come up with a countermeasure. You can't just sit still and let them kill you. You must be so magnanimous, even offering to be the master of the ceremony... Why didn't you do the matchmaking yourself? What do you plan on doing? Find another royal son-in-law candidate to replace Kim Seung Yoo. Subtitles brought to you by the Princess' Man team@viki.com. What does it say? It says the princess is getting married so there is a marriage ban among the youth of the nobility. Lady, it seems the princess is getting married. The announcement is published. Where is the princess? She went out, telling everyone to not follow her. I think she's very sensitive because of her upcoming marriage. I heard that the royal son-in-law is being selected. By the way, what happened to that norigae (women's accessory)? What? The one Her Royal Highness Princess has personally given to you... Oh... I left it at home. Your Highness. Miss Se Ryung has just gone into her lesson. A man had a woman's norigae in his possession... What do you think that means? That... I shall find out. Is it doable? What is? Oh, you mean Princess's lessons. I just can't understand why other professors had such a hard time with Her Royal Highness Princess. I had a really hard time getting him back. So, how is princess? Very... omnipresent. What? Why? Won't your pride allow it? Do you dare to speak of a man's pride before the nation's Princess Royal? Your Highness, Teacher Kim is here. Did you have a good eventless night? Yes I do not know why I worry so much about Her Royal Highness who obediently stays inside the palace all the time. I must be paranoid. Thank you for your solicitude. Have you ever heard of the rumour about a pert woman who almost died trying to ride a horse she could not ride and unhesitantly took a tumble in the grass in the arms of a man? They say that man dragged a noble lady to a whorehouse and dressed her with kinky clothes. What happened to her norigae (accessory) that she left with that man? Oh, you've heard up to that point? The norigae belonging to the woman who cooly slept in the man's presence and then disappeared... Uh huh... I was so surprised. Why do you play such a dangerous game? If you want to speak of danger, aren't we in the same boat? You played princess, why shouldn't I be able to play a lady-in-waiting? Why did you come in there? How come this is...? My lady-in-waiting received this from Professor Kim last night. Are you saying he came back to return this? The woman who coolly slept in a man's presence and then disappeared... Are you her? What? Ah... We just met outside the palace accidentally and that man is so full of exaggerations. You sound really close. What do you mean close? He's a geek who prattles on about manly and womanly behaviours all day long. But it's kind of strange... Yesterday, he applied herbal medicine to my injured ankle. I will bid good-bye to you now. By the way, I heard that your royal consort is being selected. Congratulations. Thank you Kim Seung Yoo is not your man. Shin Sook Joo. Your Majesty, Chief Scholar Shin Sook Joo is here. A long time no see. Approach. I said come near. Your Majesty, why is your countenance so... I miss the days when I used to stay up all night and engage in scholarly debates with you in the Hall of Worthies... If it hadn't been for the predecessor king's will banning policital participation by the scholars of the Hall of Worthies, I would have posted you in the State Council. You're more than capable to govern this nation as one of the highest ranking officials. I am infinitely obliged. Please help me out. The Royal Wedding Committee is full of Sooyang's men. You must check and balance Sooyang's schemes. I will bear it in my mind. Shin Sook Joo... Even in the Hall of Worthies, he's infamous for being as unbending as a stem of bamboo. Bamboo is hollow inside. Did you find a royal son-in-law candidate to replace Kim Seung Yoo? Yes, I have 3-4 suitable ones in mind. They are not acceptable. Song Ki Suk, Mayor of Munsan, has as many as 4 concubines. That means his conduct is not right. Therefore, his son is not a good candidate for the royal son-in-law position. Alright, then, how about Governor of Wonju, Cho Hyun's eldest son Cho Kyung Teck? Cho Kyung Teck's father Cho Hyun and his grandfather Cho Il Suk have records of being imprisoned together by the Royal Investigation Bureau for taking bribes. We cannot recommend the son of corrupt officials as a candidate for the royal son-in-law position. This is just a cursory selection. What are we going to do if you keep quibbling. Are you saying let's not choose the candidates for the second round of selection? More urgent than that is to see if Professor Kim Seung Yoo and Princess are destined to have good marital harmony. Don't you know that's done during the final round of selection? The royal son-in-law has already been decided unofficially. Why does the empty form matter so much? Hey, look here...! Chief Scholar's remarks are on the point. Chief Scholar, please focus on determining the future marital harmonybetween Kim Seung Yoo and Princess. You two gentlemen, focus on getting together a list of nominal candidates for the final round. Yes, Your Excellency. Are you satisfied now? Whether one's rank is high or low, there is something everybody must desist. What is it? The marital harmony will be determined by Researcher Park Soo Cheon from the Bureau of Astrology. Until the final round is over, Researcher Park's office will be guarded by Inner Palace Guards. Since the marital harmony must not be prematurely known, please refrain from visits to his office. You're very thorough. I feel secure because you're in charge of the Royal Wedding Committee, Chief Scholar. The duties of the master of ceremony you took on are more important. Thank you for saying that. Are you done for the day? Yes. This is His Exellency Grand Prince Sooyang. A professor at the Royal Academy, I am Kim Seung Yoo. Aren't you tired of people talking about you and comparing you to your father? As for others' talks, I don't pay much attention to them. I heard that you are in charge of the princess's lessons. You must have grown very close to her. Just finishing the Book of Filial Piety with her is my job. Looking at you, I feel very bitter... You may go I guess you're also acquainted with young professors of the Royal Academy. He is my son's friend. Lately, the market place hoodlums within the capital city have been behaving outrageously. I will never sit still and turn a blind eye to this! Within the four gates of the capital, everyone of the ruffians who suck the blood and sweat of the people... We must capture them all in one sweep! Yes. Freeze! Makson! Hold it right there! Go that way! Yes! Stop right there! Subtitles brought to you by the Princess' Man Team@viki.com. Why are you hesitating? It's a gisaeng house frequented by the highest ranking officials. It's just a gisaeng house. Open the gate! Open up! They won't open up. Climb over the wall! We are entertaining a very important guest. What kind of discourtesy is this? We are looking for a thug who came hiding in here. You're at the wrong place. Don't you know it's against the law to harbor a fugitive? We closed the gate because a very important guest is here. Why are you accusing us of harboring a criminal? We can search the entire gisaeng house. The one who should be called a thug is right before my eyes. It won't take long. Comb through the entire house! I will. What is this hubbub? What is your business this time? Now that I see you're here, this is the den of the market place hoodlums. Today is not a good day. If you come back some other day, I will personally deal with you. Han Myeong Hwoe [Pron. : Han Myeong Hway] What's the problem? An officer at the Bureau of Hansung (similar to today's police dept. ), I am Shin Myun. I am here to apprehend the head of the hoodlums here. The head of hoodlums? I guess you're looking for me, then. Then, you'll have to come with me to Hansung Bureau. Look here, Officer. You really have no idea who this lord is? Where are your manners? This is His Excellency Grand Prince Sooyang! His Excellency! Pardon my discourtesy! Do you realize that it was discourteous? Unflinching eyes that are not lowered for the powerful... Did you say your name is Shin Myun? Yes. Which family do you belong to? Chief Scholar Shin Sook Joo of the Hall of Worthies is my father. This is the only place where I come to enjoy peace and quiet. The house that entertains the head of the royal clan is probably not a shady place. I will consider today's incident as the beginning of our acquaintance. How did it go? It's a useful connection. Today in the palace I met an old and dear friend of the person who was just here. Are you talking about Second State Councilor's son Kim Seung Yoo? He was too good to give to someone else. Was your marriage proposal rejected? He held not my but Hyung-nim's hands. You just have to cut him out. You just have to make it so that they can't hold hands. If you bury him without leaving a trace, whether he's a high-ranking official or a beggar it's the same when it comes to giving off a rotting smell in a while. Everyone will be suspicious of me. But what else can be done? Even if they suspect me, since they won't have any proof, they'll just tremble in fear whose face they do not know. Jong! Are you in there? Jong, it's me, Seung Yoo! Have you gone somewhere? It's you, Seung Yoo. Where are the servants? Why are you answering the door? Since we can't pay them, why would they stick around? Isn't Jong here? No! Even if the sky splits into two halves, no more! Eh hey, this man, why are you so uptight about this? Didn't I tell you I'd pay all back in one shot? Once you pay all back in one shot, then you can have more medicine. Look here, just this once. Uh uh... Eh hey... Uh uh... How much is it? Aigoo, thank you! I'll be going then. Yes, get back safely. Thank you. This will be very helpful to my mother. Once I become the princess's husband, I will pay you back. Princess's husband? By whose permission? Eh hey, look at this rascal! Are you trying to protect her because you're her teacher? Ah... now that I think about it, you're also my rival! Myun is outside the pool because his hyung is an entrant. But you must have entered your personal information. My parents must have done whatever they needed to do. Go home quickly and prepare the medicine for your mother. Okay. I'm going then. The princess's husband? Father. I'm home. Come in briefly. Yes. What kind of person is the Princess? Pardon? Is the rumor about her true? What are you saying? I heard that because the King spoiled her, she is immature. I think it is an untruthful rumor. Why do you say that? The princess is a bright and very lively person. I'm relieved to hear that. I will enter your personal information for the royal consort selection. But the procedure is just a formality. Pardon? Your Majesty's royal son-in-law has already been decided. The royal son-in-law is none other than you! The royal son-in-law is none other than you! Miss. His Excellency is going out for a hunt very soon. We have to hurry and get the horse back! Oh, that's right! The horse... Why are you following me when I told you I can do it by myself? Here or there, where, that street? Who was it that couldn't remember the directions and kept asking me? Why is it so far? We're here. It's that place. Miss. Please wait for me here. Miss. Miss Se Ryung. Miss. Where are you? Miss. How can you leave the palace as frequently as eating a meal? I'm determined to severely punish the ladies-in-waiting at your quarters and make them answer for their neglect. That's good. I, too, will order the Offices of Inspector General and Censor to thoroughly investigate the promiscuity of a professor at the Royal Academy who haunts gisaeng houses day and night. What is your business today? I am here to fetch my horse. You have such diverse excuses. You could have ordered your inferiors. There is a reason that you cannot know about. Heedless of your teacher's advice, whether you take a fall and get hurt or not, you'll mount a horse again? No I will never ride another horse. How come? I made a promise to a person who is deeply concerned about my wellbeing. Is it really so? If you ride a horse in an open place, do you really feel so free? That's what I want to know. Once married, a woman cannot even leave her house easily. I will need a fond memory to bear the stifling life. I will go back to the palace right away. So don't worry and keep going where you were headed. Let's go. Whether you really feel so free... why don't you see for yourself? Subtitles brought to you by Princess' Man teamat Viki.com. When you mount a horse, you must hold onto the bit and rein. Yes. When you mount a horse, You must do so from the left side. When you mount a horse, be careful not to kick its behind with your right foot. That's a sure way to take a fall. Ah, I've done that once. Now, sit properly. Sit so that your head, derriere and heel all form a line. Your head... derriere... Your weight must lie toward the back. If you lean too forward, you'll take a fall. The rein must be held tightly all the time. Now, with your heel lightly kick the horse's side. The stronger the kick you give him, the faster he'll go. Try. Don't close your eyes. Go! It's difficult to find a candidate who can match Kim Seung Yoo. Kim Seung Yoo won't be able to make it to the selection. What... do you mean? Please open your eyes I will increase the speed. Go! I am behind you. Open your eyes. I am scared! I will never let you get hurt. Trust me and open your eyes. Are you alright? Yes. I will gallop more. Teacher I feel like the whole world is rushing to me! Embrace the wind! Do you feel free? Breathtakingly free! Can't we gallop a little more? It's getting late. Why don't you go back now? Uh huh, won't you drop that. Since you've galloped to your heart's content, you're through with horseriding as of today. Please teach me more. What? Riding after learning the proper way, it's neither scary nor dangerous. So, please teach me more. Meet me in front of that gisaeng house on the day of the full moon. You must come. Kim Seung Yoo won't be able to return alive. Princess! Are you alright? Teacher. Teacher. Teacher I need him not because of love, which is a luxury I can't afford. Her Royal Highness! It's because I have to protect myself and the Crown Prince from your father who eyes the throne at every given opportunity. What do you mean he's eyeing the throne? Only you and I didn't know about it. The whole world knows about it. I will make you pay for this no matter what. Didn't I warn you? If you cross me, even your children will lose their lives. Please let me in where he's getting interrogated. Are you saying you'll reveal the whole truth about your masquerade as the princess? If I can save my tearcher, I will do it. Saving or taking his life, I will do it. Teacher! Just for a moment! Let that woman go! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 