Car Masters: Rust to Riches: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Car Masters: Rust to Riches 
 s2e3 - Something Borrowed, Something Renewed - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Car Masters: Rust to Riches (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 3 - Something Borrowed, Something Renewed - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Wait a second. - A full trailer. That wasn't supposed to be here. Looks like the same car you left with. What happened? Let's get this thing off the trailer and, uh, bitch about it later. We're 0 for two on trades. Wrecked cars, deals falling through. All of these trade cars are how we make our money. And without the trade, we can't upgrade. We're just stuck at the bottom right now. We brought it over to this guy's shop. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 He had a couple of nice cars. He liked it. He definitely liked the car. He loved the car. He didn't want to give up enough to make it worth the deal. I'm glad you guys didn't make a bad deal. I will say that. What are we gonna do about money? This would be the second time we started over 'cause of the Buick fiasco in the parking lot. Why don't we, uh, just digress from this mess, see if Shawn can get another trade deal going in on this car, and if not, then we'll revisit this whole situation again. Okay, I'm onboard with this, but just so everybody knows, it's gonna take some time to find someone to trade for this. It can't take that much time. Don't think you got all the time in the world. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh, I hate when we get ourselves into situations like this. This upgrade-and-trade model is always a bit of a gamble. We've learned that the hard way quite a few times. What's your big master plan to get out of this? I don't have a master plan. I have options. That's why I always like to keep a few irons in the fire. Right now, I have a quick build in mind that can bring in some short-term cash until we trade the Mustang. - I've got an option for us. - Mm-hmm. John Perez. - What about John? - You know John Perez. Mm-hmm. He is big car guy. John Perez is a local big shot. He's got a ton of money, and he spends a lot of it on fancy cars. Well, it turns out he's sort of scrambling for a 20th-anniversary gift for his wife Maria, and he wants us to build a blinged-out T-bucket. The kicker is the car needs to be done in three weeks. So we have a timeline now. What has he got to spend? His budget's only 40 grand. It's gonna take, like, 25, 28 grand to get 40. That's not a lot of money. We don't have money coming in the door, and we need something right now to feed the beast. We love doing T-bucket builds here at Gotham Garage. It's the simplest, cleanest hot rod out there. In fact, last year, we took a ratty old T-bucket and turned it into one badass fire truck. But John Perez is not your average client. He's gonna want the most outrageous T-bucket we've ever done. So we're gonna have to step it up even more. I'll call him and find out kind of what he's looking for on a... on a specific sense, and you're gonna need to find a T-bucket, like, now. Well, let's do it. I know a guy that's trying to get rid of one. Why don't you call him on the phone and make a deal? I'll go get the car, 'cause I need you back on the hunt for that Mustang deal immediately. All right, I get it. Get out of here. Got work to do. My boss is a hard-ass. He's riding me like a mule. Joe. Hey, it's Shawn. You talked to me about that, uh, that T-bucket you got. Thirty-five hundred for it, and it still runs and drives, right? Perfect. All right, I'll see you in a bit. Thanks. Damn, that's loud. What's up with this? It's a project for a client, for a 20th-anniversary gift to his wife. - Well, that's lovely. - Yeah. He wants a tremendous amount of bling. So much glitter, you can't look at it. Gaudy with style is how you would put it. - Gaudy with style. - Gaudy with style, yes. Basically what I want to do with this is I want to turn it into a badass Gotham Garage wedding coach. A wedding coach. Back in the day, coaches were normally horse-drawn carriages for the rich and the powerful. Yeah, they got you from A to B, but it was really about showcasing your power and your wealth. That's why they were adorned with very expensive and very elaborate ornamental sculptures. He's gonna gift it to his wife on their 20th anniversary. There's a big party. It's a big, big shindig. This thing has to be done in three weeks. I'm sorry. That was... uncontrollable. All we do is chop the frame, stretch it, and put a bunch of bling on it. You could do that three weeks. It runs. Let's get a Sawzall and start cut-cutting. I have gone through tons of old photos, so I have a really good vision on how this car is supposed to look. The first thing we're gonna do is stretch the frame so we can add second- and third-row seating. Up front, it's already got a 350 V8. That's a ton of power for a build this light, so it's gonna fly. But on top of that, we're gonna make this car sparkle. We're adding chrome headers, a clear distributor cap, and a finned air cleaner so this thing will catch the light like the giant diamond on her engagement ring. And then we're gonna drop in a custom diamond-stitched interior and a gorgeous paint job. It's gonna one badass, blinged-out Gotham Garage ride. Now you're cooking with gas. Weld it. It's gonna be a "beauty meets the beast." That's good. - That's all front suspension, right? - Yeah. I like the squeak that comes with it. That's nice. Keep moving this forward. I'm gonna meet with Shawn, 'cause we need to find a car to trade for that Mustang. I've got a lot of cars lined up that we might, you know, make a hell of a deal on. My main focus right now is trying to find somebody that'll trade for this Mustang. I got a few guys that are interested. They loved the pictures, and now Mark and I have got to see if they have enough stuff to make a trade worth it. Well, there's a few cars over here. - What's the little yellow car? - That's a little Datsun. - Look at that. - That was my first car. Man. These aren't the cars that you trade straight up one for one. These are a little rougher cars. But it looks like someone was having fun. They had the strippers on the roof here dancing. - Yeah. - I see the stiletto marks right there. Damn, I missed the show. So we're looking to see if maybe they have two or three cars that they could package together that'd amount to, like, 60 or 70 grand. That is a 1980 Trimuter. Man! Who would fit... Who would even fit in here? Randy, looks like we got a little bit of rust in this old Maverick. Isn't this called pristine? - Patina, yeah. - Patina. Well, I don't know if we'd call that patina. - We can kind of call that rust. - Yeah. The bottom line here is we have a $50,000 Mustang, and if we can't trade up from there, we're not doing a deal. - Thank you very much for showing us. - Pleasure to meet you. Yeah, that one's a little too far gone for what we got to do right now. So that was a complete waste of time. Aw. Stripping gears, right? Yeah, I told you this wasn't gonna be easy. It's not supposed to be easy, but, you know, right now, I think I just need to talk to the rest of the crew and put out an APB and just have 'em all go start feeling around for anybody looking for a Mustang or anybody looking for a muscle car that I do not want to be sitting on that much capital on that car for a month. That can't hurt. No, not at all. In the meantime, look, I've been thinking. We should pull the trigger on that Buick that's been sitting in the shop. You said it's worth some money, right? So for a while now, Mark's had this old '48 Buick just sitting in the back of the shop, taking up space. Now, I know it's his friend's car, but I also know a build like that could bring in some serious cash for the shop. That's a special deal, dude. That belongs to Bob Anziano, and he passed away. I have a personal deal with his daughter Gina to build that car out of my pocket and split the profits with her 50-50. Bob Anziano was a legend in the car-building world. He's known for one-of-a-kind custom builds, and his attention to detail is second to none. That's why Bob's cars would sell for 150,000, 160,000 to well over $200,000. This car was going to be one of his last builds. Unfortunately, he passed away before he could finish it. If we do the Anziano, that will definitely hold us over until we find a trade for the Mustang. This car is started by a master car builder, and we're in a rush right now to finish this coach. The last thing I need to do on top of this wedding coach is get into this Anziano and rush that. That's a big, big deal. That's, like, a big deal. Clearly this car means a lot to Mark on a personal level, but this could be exactly what the shop needs to give it a little jump-start. Even at a 50-50 split, we still stand to make quite a bit of money. So I'm not giving up on this. I'm gonna have to find a way to give Mark that extra little push to get this project started. But I think you should think about this. I think you should exhaust everything else before I even entertain that idea. The body's pretty much finished. There's one piece left, and that's where you're leaning. We need to build a seat real quick with a riser. So this is gonna be old-school third-row seating? - Yeah. - Old school. Just because it's only a $40,000 build does not mean we're gonna put any less effort into it. They said they wanted a lot of bling, I'm gonna give 'em a lot of bling. This is our first chance to do a build with John, and if we play our cards right, it will not be the last. All right. Right there. Weld it, Tony. That's how you make a curlicue. - Good and tight? - That's good and tight. Good and tight. Ooh. - All right! - Caveman tested. So we're rated at, what, 250, 265? Yeah, 120 pounds on a heavy day. - One leg. - One-twenty. This a good stopping point. You guys clean this up. - Oh, we clean up. - I don't clean up after myself. When have you ever seen me clean up after myself? I know that Shawn is really pushing to do this Anziano build, but I'm truly torn. This is the type of build people like me dream of, but that obligation does come with some insecurity and some fear. Am I gonna do this right? And I don't wanna let Gina down. I don't wanna let Bob down. I don't wanna let my crew down. As much as I'm dying to get my hands on this car and put it together, to finish it right, I cannot divide my time. This wedding coach is probably one of the most intricate builds that we've done. It's gonna take you hours to walk around this car and find every little detail that we've added. You ever got your wife anything like this for your anniversary? What, a wedding coach? Yeah, I mean, just something on this caliber. The best I ever did, she wanted a teal green IROC Camaro. - Oh, yeah? - I brought it home for her one day. Came home from work, "Teal green Camaro is in the parking lot." She went running out of the house. There was a little Hot Wheels right in the parking spot. Great story, Caveman. Hey, Mark. Look who showed up. - Hey, Gina. - Hi, Mark. Long time no see. How you been? Good to see you. She was thinking maybe this is the time to get Mark off his ass to finish this thing, am I right? That does not sound like Gina. Shawn knows how to push people's buttons to get his way. That's what makes him good at his job. So part of me respects him for bringing Gina down here to try to force my hand. The other part of me wants to punch him straight in the throat for going behind my back. I think it would be a good time for this to actually get done. When Shawn called me and told me about the possibility of the car being done, I was pretty excited. My dad left me his shop, and Mark came down, and he saw the car, and he said it probably wouldn't be immediately, but he would finish the car for my dad and for me. I just didn't want anybody to take advantage of her or the car. - It's a lot of money sitting here. - Yeah, no doubt. I met Gina, and I thought, "I have a daughter as well. My daughter's gonna be in that same situation someday, and I hope that some outsider steps in and protects her when I can't." But this is, like, sentimental. It's not just a car. I know you're busy and you have a lot of things going on, but I would be more than grateful and so happy if we could finish it and get it out there for people to see. - I really can't argue with that, can I? - Can't argue with good sense. Nope. I'd really like to see it done, too. So if you want us to finish it, we'll go ahead and finish it. We'll put this car together the right way. You can't give me any grief about how long it takes. Then her and I have a deal. It's a 50-50 split, and everything we pay for. Then we'll figure out how to sell it for huge money. Huge money. I just want to see it finished and complete and... - Exactly. - ...done. - Well, I guess that's about to happen. - Thank you. Who's excited? Who's excited, huh? We have this wedding-coach deadline creeping up on us. But if we're gonna finish Bob Anziano's car, I want to dive into this car right now and get an inventory. Not used to a project showing up... - With everything? - ...with this many things. Let's get it all laid out on the floor. I'm gonna leave Caveman and Constance to advance the wedding coach, while Tony and I go through all these parts for the Buick. Says '48 Buick on it. - Good. We know it fits this car. - It's for the right car. Could you imagine having to chase down all of these pieces and parts - if it wasn't here? - You'd never find it all. Bob Anziano is one of the most meticulous builders on the planet. This is thousands of dollars in chrome work. Yeah. Ha ha ha. And one thing I can say about Bob is he sure the hell knew how to pick his cars. The 1948 Buick Roadmaster is the kind of car that you saw in every gangster movie. It's a sleek, elegant car, and it's the perfect platform for building a big-money hot rod. There it is. That's the computer for the Viper motor. Lookit there. Looks like he's got the airbags in, and the compressors are mounted. Bob started this build off with one of the cleanest chop-tops I've ever seen. Then he dropped in a Gen 2 Dodge Viper motor and airbags so you could slam this thing all the way to the ground. So that's where we come in. We still need to do all the mechanical work to the car to breathe that Viper motor back to life. We also need to go through every single piece to find out where that part needs to go. We'll add wheels and tires that perfectly fit this build, and then finish it off with a high-end paint job worthy of this immaculate hot rod. This is a little overwhelming from that end to that end. Bob got this car about 60% done, but every custom builder knows the last 40% is where all the artistry and craftsmanship take over. Well, grab some boxes and just... What do they call that? - Organize? - Yeah. The V8 that this T-bucket came with has plenty of power, especially for that super-light frame. So I'm really concentrating on the look, and Mark wants this coach blinged out, so we're adding bling in a place that most people take for granted... the distributor cap. It's a simple bolt-on part that adds a lot of visual bang for your buck. Damn, look at that. I'm also installing a full-finned, polished-aluminum air filter. Unlike most builds we do, this engine won't be hidden under a hood. It's the first thing people see. And when the sun catches each of the 22 ridges, it's gonna sparkle and draw your eye right in. - So is this thing ready to fire up? - Yeah. There it goes. Hearing that motor and seeing those flames shoot out the headers, this thing is gonna be a monster. It's gonna be a freak of nature. It's two completely different worlds colliding together. Sound good, and they just shoot tiny little fireballs out. We're beyond the hump now, but keep in mind, we've only got a week left to finish this car. Caveman, Constance, get this thing ready for paint. All right. There's a lot of wires all over the place inside here. - I got wires coming out of the floor. - Yeah. Wires hanging from the dash. So what's the goal here? The goal here is to get this car mechanically up and running. Now I understand why Bob's cars command so much money and bring the price that they do. Every inch of this car has been customized. A lot of times, the value is in the work you don't see. Something that seemed so simple, like this brake mechanism... None of that stuff came on this Buick from the factory. To hide the brake booster and to fit it under the dash so that you don't see it in the engine compartment... it's like taking a master class from a master hot-rod builder. This car is one big modification. I don't think there's a panel he didn't touch. If you look at a regular '48 Buick with a nice restoration, maybe somewhere between 40,000 and 60,000, but when you look at a car like this that's taken to the next level, now you understand why Bob's cars bring the price that they do. All right, controller's in place. Bob Anziano already installed an engine for this car. This thing's gonna sound wicked, dude. It's a 450-horsepower Viper V10 engine with a six-speed behind it. This thing is a monster. It's packed. It's got fuel. You bet I like that. You bet I like that. - That smells so good, dude. - Oh, man. Nice job. Nice job, dude. You know what's really cool is you know Bob's smiling right now - going, "Finally that thing started up." - Yeah. - No, we just woke him up for sure. - Yep. "Everything I did, I did right." Let's get started on the body work. We got to grind these welds down and start spreading some dough. Maybe I've overthought this whole build, and I've talked myself out of it. But now that things are going and it's not so looming over my head, I'm actually starting to feel pretty good I'm gonna be able to finish this project and live up to Bob's expectations. We're on a tight deadline with the coach, so I gotta get that car into the paint booth as soon as possible. - Look at this thing! - Look at that. - Whoo-oo. - So if you scratch it, run home. Don't come back. We're down to the details. Tony is gonna spend an entire day engine turning on this coach. "Engine turning" is putting small scratches in the surface of the aluminum and the brass. It gives you this depth. It's almost like it's in motion when it's sitting still. This texture and detail is the bling we were talking about. Then we have another full day of just pinstriping alone. Pete Finlan is an awesome artist. Everybody refers to him as Hot Dog. He owns Hot Dog Kustoms. He's a friend of mine. This guy's hand is so steady, he could've been a brain surgery. What? You said he could've been a "brain surgery"? Yeah, we know who's never gonna be a brain surgery. All right. The first surgery you're gonna do, Pete, is on Caveman. And the final day is all about finishing strong. In three weeks, we took a beat-up old T-bucket and turned it into a beast of bling. And even though we're not making a ton off the deal, this is not the type of client you want to disappoint. It's gonna be fun to drive, and I can't even imagine how much more fun she's gonna have driving it around full of friends. Ah, you got on your Sunday whites. Looking sharp. Hey, John. Yeah, hey, we're ready down here. Cool. All right, he's coming down. With a vehicle like this, all the bling, you could've worked three more months on this thing. - I could, actually. - That is a lot of bling. - It's almost as much bling as you. - Hey. Are we ready to make this day just a little bit better? - I'm ready. - Yeah? Good. One, two, three. Oh, ho. Oh, my God. Wow. - Happy anniversary. - Oh, my God. - What do you think? - Wow. It's gorgeous. - There you go. - There you go. Yeah. - Bling, bling. - Bling, bling. It's all me. I love the combination purple and white. I can't wait to drive it. It's gorgeous. I love it. - Can I get in? - Wow. - Look at that. - Give me your hand. Happy 20th anniversary, my love. You deserve it all. I love you with all my heart. John and Maria love the car. That's perfect for us 'cause we needed this to go smoothly. Thank you so much. This was an awesome build, and it's so much fun to see how much they love it and their entire family loves it. Hey. But as far as the shop goes, it's not a ton of money. It's just enough to keep the lights on, but not much else. We can enjoy this today, but tomorrow, it's right back to reality. Yeah, I'm glad I was able to talk Mark into doing the Anziano Buick. Now I'm really excited to find a big-money buyer for that car. Yeah, we only get 50% of the profit, but that car is worth six figures. So even after we do the split with Gina, it's still a really big payday for the shop. My biggest challenge right now is finding someone who's willing to trade for the Mustang. The Mustang deal falling through was obviously not good. But I talked to everybody I know, and I'm striking out across the board. We've even got the rest of the crew reaching out to their contacts. I thought this car would be a sure thing, but I'm having to do things I don't normally do. Sixty-nine Mustang. I just went as far as posting a frigging ad online. Hello? - I'm calling about the Mustang. - What do you got to trade? A Fiero. It looks pretty nice. Are we talking an older Camaro, like an old classic Camaro, like a '67, '68 or '69 or something like that? No, a-a Fiero. Oh, a-a Fiero? It didn't work. Oh, my... So right now, I'm heading over to my buddy Lance's place. He's got a wrecking yard, and he's definitely interested. - Hey, buddy, what's going on? - Hey, Shawn. What's happening? And I know for a fact he's open to a multi-car trade for the Mustang. What kind of money are you looking for out of this Chevelle here? Actually, I got a guy who put a deposit on this one. But it seems like everything I like isn't available. I got this old Dodge sitting here. Definitely needs a motor and... Yeah, but it's seen better days, let me tell you. And everything he likes is just too far gone to be worth it. It's a little rusty for what I'm looking for. I really just don't have much else. Huh. - All right, check this out. - I see it. Now that it's all in primer, I wanna mock up all the chrome trim on it before we take it up to paint. So, the task of the day is to take all of these pieces and figure out where they go on this car. There's a lot of parts. This car is a hundred-piece chrome kit. This is where the build becomes a real challenge. - Look at that. - Imagine putting a puzzle together without a picture of what it looks like when you're done. What were you thinking here? What was the plan? I think one goes in the front, and one goes in the back. All we have to work with are the parts and pieces he left behind. That goes all the way from door to door. That's too short. By process of elimination, we have to figure out where every piece goes on this car. So this piece here is definitely this piece here. Yeah, that fits. That one was simple. And then continue this process... - Too small. - ...over and over and over... - I think that's that one. - This is the bottom piece to that. ...until every single one of these pieces has a new home. As challenging as this is to figure out what Bob was thinking on a car that he left behind for us, imagine what we would be going through if Mark left a car behind for us. Now that we know where Bob wanted all the chrome, we can get everything labeled, and this car can finally go to paint. With all the chrome that's on this Buick, there is only one color that Bob could've had in mind. Black is like the tuxedo on a classic car. It's the understated color that lets the lines on the car do all the talking. I gave my word to a legendary car builder's daughter that I would finish his last car and honor his legacy. Maybe the real story is I built it up too much in my head, and I didn't want to disappoint Gina, and I certainly didn't want to disappoint Bob. But the fact is, she took a chance on me, so you can bet your ass I'm gonna make sure she wins big. This '48 Buick is the definition of a custom hot rod. Every inch of this car has been painstakingly modified to perfection. And when you mash the pedal... this Viper motor strikes and sends you flying down the highway. It's the type of car that you cruise during the day... and when the sun sets, you take it out on the town and you tear it up. A car like this makes you feel like a high roller. When you pull up in this Buick, you're pushing all your chips in and letting it ride. From the gloss-black paint job to the custom trim, the custom interior, all the chrome shining off the bright lights, you're winning on every hand. It's a huge six-figure car... designed by a legend... finished at Gotham Garage by a bunch of gas-smelling, greasy-hand talented individuals that love hot rods. Do not bet against this car 'cause you will lose every single time. - Whoa. There it is. - Hello, Gina. How are you? It's so beautiful. - Do you like it? - Yes. So hopefully, we did your dad justice. Oh, it's so beautiful. He would've loved it. My dad would probably say, "Wow, that's bitchin'." Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. To see the expression on her face... "My dad's last car finally got finished the way he would've done it." Oh, my gosh. It's so beautiful. And for her to come in and be that happy about what it looks like... Oh, my gosh. He would've been so proud. ...it makes me feel really good on the inside. - Rev it up. - My gosh. Totally reminds me of my dad. I lived up to her expectations, which means that we lived up to Bob's expectations. Thank you. I'm really glad you like it. I love it. I'm very, very happy and so grateful. I think Gina really wants to take this home. I'm sure she wants to back it out of the building... - Oh, yeah. - I do. - Leave her car in the parking lot. - I'll trade you. Right? This Anziano Buick turned out awesome, I have to say. Bob's last car. If we could get this thing sold today, man, would that be a nice boost for the shop. This guy David, he's got a lot of high-end cars, and he loves the fact that it's an Anziano car. This guy has to be a genuine car guy that understands the history of a car is as important as the car itself. If I feel that this guy respects the car and actually understands the car, I will take the keys off the key chain, and I'll hand it to the new owner. - How are you? - What's going on? - Dave, nice to meet you, man. - Nice to meet you. Dave's in the game of buying and collecting a lot of cars. I think he can appreciate a car like this, being originally inspired and built by Bob. Wow. Beautiful. Plus, someone told me he just sold a few cars, so he's got a little bit of extra pocket change. - It's pretty quiet. - Not too bad. That thing's pretty nice. I love the custom skirts on it. - Oh, wow. - It's got the V10 in it, with a six-speed, and it moves. Sounds awesome. I like the paint. Like the front end. You guys did a awesome job with the body. One of the main things I like is the engine. I like driving my cars. The fact this has a Viper motor in it, I know I can just get in and go. Just the body style on the car. It's just beautiful. I think it's my size. Definitely like it. I like cars that are basically one-off cars. The fact it was built by a great builder just makes it that much better. Now, we kind of threw couple of figures around on the phone. We need to get right around 190 for this. I would offer you 140 grand for it. - A hundred forty? - One-forty. - It's like dealing with yourself. - Yeah, yeah. I tell you what. We can go down an extra 10 grand. We'll go down to 180 for you. I like to do the dance. If you're gonna move 10 grand, I'll move 10 grand. - I'll do 150. How's that? - That's not the dance I was looking for. We're talking real money. We don't gotta be playing around. You know, I get that fact. This is hard cash we're talking about. So I tell you what. I'm gonna come down all the way to 170. My absolute best offer I can give you would be 165. And that's my absolute. One sixty-five. What do you think? I don't got my truck keys on here, so... One sixty-five and a beer. - Deal? - You got a deal. - Sounds good. - Shake this man's hand, will you? At 165K, that means Gina gets 82.5 in her hand, and this car now has a home. Let's go do some paperwork. For all that's happened, now at least all the bleeding is over, and all the pain and suffering is over... I hope. Except for you. You're still gonna go with me back to the shop. I got to figure out how to get rid of you on the way. That worked out really well. Good job, by the way. Did I... Did I mention that to you? - Thanks. I appreciate it. - You killed it. Getting the Buick sold feels great. We honored Bob's legacy, and we got Bob's daughter the money she deserves. - Hello? - What's up, buttercup? - Hey, hey. What's going on? - Check this out. We got a guy lined up for the Mustang right now. - He saw the pictures. - Do you know what time it is? The problem is is he travels a lot for work. He's going out of town. He wants to see the car tonight. - Tonight. - Tonight? He's got cash, maybe trade vehicles on his property. This sounds a bit ridiculous. I'm not getting this. We're going... Stop, stop, stop, stop. Hey, Constance, if you're pretty confident that he's gonna do this, I will go back to the shop and load it up and bring it there 'cause I'd like to get rid of the car. All right. Give us five minutes, we'll get you an address. Can't believe we're doing this. I want to see the show. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 