Car Masters: Rust to Riches: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Car Masters: Rust to Riches 
 s2e2 - Totaled Disaster - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Car Masters: Rust to Riches (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 2 - Totaled Disaster - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 He hit it hard. You're kidding me, right? No, we're not kidding you. You're looking at it, right? We can't fix this. It's smashed in. There's no structure. The frame's bent. Who hit it? Did you hit it? - I didn't do it on purpose. - You hit it. Yeah. What, you been driving for a day? No. I'm backing out, and he's coming, and he's gonna hit me... So you hit me. Yeah. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 This car is fricking totaled. It's twisted up behind a tow truck. The only thing salvageable is the motor and transmission, and we're only talking about a few thousand dollars in parts. I got four people, weeks of work. Do the math on that one, how much that just cost us all. - Hey, dude. How you doing? - All good. - Having a good day? - Having a great day. Um, remember that Buick we were doing? Funny. I was talking to the guy, and he's wondering when the damn thing's gonna be ready. - Never. - What do you mean, never? Did you get the footage from the neighbor? - Yeah. - Let's see how bad this looks. Look. This van's backing up. He's backing up. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh, wow. Whoa. Oh. - Wow. - He hit that so hard. He waits and waits and waits, and goes, "Reverse? I'm already in it. I might as well just punch it." This '53 Buick Special was gonna be a monster. Shawn had worked it out so we could trade this Buick up for a '71 Blazer. Then we'd fix it up and trade it for a one-of-a-kind '59 Corvette Stingray concept car. Since the tow truck decided to play Demolition Derby with our Buick, we've actually lost multiple deals and tens of thousands of dollars in future profit. I'm just hoping and praying Shawn's been able to talk to the owner of this Blazer and somehow keep this deal alive. If not, I honestly don't know how we're gonna recover from this. Parking-lot accidents are the worst. Shawn, you got to see this thing, dude. Oh, Jesus. It just twisted this thing. So give me some good news. Tell me you have the little light at the end of this dark tunnel. No. Really. - No Blazer? - Nothing. He said he can't wait. He's got guys with cash ready to go. I've been stalling people left and right 'cause I was waiting on you. Is there something else maybe you'd be interested in? Can't do it, man. - It's done. - Like this car. Yeah. This is a setback. If this deal isn't happening, we need to have a plan B, C, D, E, F, Shawn. Why don't we just take the rest of the day off, and I'll figure out a plan to, uh, get us out of this. We didn't get to where we are without picking ourselves up off the canvas a few times. In this business, things fall through, stuff happens, but we always find a way. Hey, Caveman. - Yo. - Come over here and help me with this. Everybody remembers this thing. I got this Harley that's been in the back of my shop for a while, and I've got a plan to make a low-cost build, bring us in some quick cash to get us out of this hole that we've dug ourselves into. Tony's got a 26-inch wheel, right? - Yeah, we got a 26 sitting up there. - Yeah. And I probably have quite a few other parts sitting on the shelf back there from old inventory. Is this one of those deals where you use up all parts in the shop? Yes, it is. We do this a lot. We have so many parts stacked up that in a pinch, we can assemble a full car. We did it a few months ago with the Bug rod. Ta-da. Are you polishing a turd? Yes, I am. Wow. You guys made it happen. In this case, we're gonna do it with a bike. Basically what we're gonna do is we're gonna stretch a frame out, and we're just gonna make a custom badass bagger out of it. Really? A bagger is literally that. It's a custom bike that has a set of saddlebags on the back for storage. Typically, they're big bikes built for long rides. And right now, baggers are one of the hottest commodities on the custom bike market. But our bagger is gonna be nothing like anything you've ever seen. First, we're gonna give it a big rake and stretch the neck out by almost a foot. Then we're gonna add Tony's 26-inch wheel to give it a big piece of candy on the front. We'll create a custom bag kit that flows seamlessly into the rest of the bike to give it clean, sexy lines. Of course, we'll give it all of the regular Gotham Garage bling. Then we're gonna finish it off with a three-stage candy-gloss custom paint job. In the end, this bagger is gonna lead us to a bag of cash, and that's exactly what the shop needs right now - to get its mojo back. - What's this bike gonna be worth? - Like, what? - I could see this being a $30,000 bike. I mean, sometimes these bikes even go for more. So, Shawn, you need to sell this bike, and we've also gotta hunt down our next trade-up car. - Yeah. - In the meantime, Caveman and Tony, you guys get this bike running and done and fabbed up. Nice. We'll get the tank off. We'll get the pipes off it. Get this thing done so we can make some damn money. That sounds good to me. In the bike world, it's all about standing out, having something unique. - It's almost time to start cutting. - All right. When you're riding, and somebody has got a really nice custom bike and has put a lot of money into it, everybody notices that bike. Here we go. Hold on. All right. Come on, baby. Get hot for Caveman. One. - We're right there. - She's stretched and going back together. I saw the light! Again, too. That looks sick. That's a whole new bike. I'm gonna look good riding this. Okay, so I've got a few cars up here that just might make sense. But we got to get the ball rolling is what we need to do. You need to get a ball to roll. My biggest priority right now is to find a new trade-up car. What about that Camaro? No. That guy wants tons of money for it. I got a couple of different options on my board, but there's one in particular I really like. It's the perfect car to start climbing the ladder back towards six figures. There is this one car. Guy named Sebastien. He somehow got his hands on a '69 Mustang Mach 1, which he doesn't know what to do with. Without the door, it has no interior, 'cause I could see the other door. Does it have a motor in it or transmission? No. Yes, it's missing everything, but the beauty of that Mustang is I can trade up for anything. It's a absolute sure thing. For right now, that might be the perfect car for us. We haven't got a whole lot of choices right now. We need to get something, and we can go over now and talk to him. I've heard enough of your long-winded explanation. Do you want to go look at this car and see if we want to get it? - I'll get some cash, and we'll... - Oh, you're gonna pay for it. This is even a better deal. I love this deal. No, get your cash. No, get your cash. What are you talking about? Sebastien. He's a French guy. - French-Canadian like you? - No, no. But I figure if I use my French accent, maybe we can, uh, get the car a little bit cheaper. Sebastien! Comment ça va, my friend? No, let's not do that. - This must be the place. - Uh, yeah. Oh, there he is, there. Hey, Sebastien. - Hey, guys. - How's it going? - There's Mark. - Nice to meet you. What's up, doog? - You got quite the place. - Thank you. Sebastien just works out of his house, and he's got tons of cars, but he's not into the American muscle, and that's, uh... He's got a few chickens here, obviously, too. When you talk, you kind of get her all ramped up. Chicks do that with me around, you know what I'm talking about? Anyway, so, uh... - It's gotta be your shirt. - Ah. Well, now you know. Shut up! There it is. That is what's left of a '69 Mustang. The Ford Mustang is arguably the most popular pony car of all time. For those who prefer the cool world. People were flocking to these cars when they were first released, and they're still considered an icon of the era. Demand was high, is high, and hopefully for us, it will continue to be high. Oh, man. It looks like it was a nice car, but this does need everything. You know the good part? You have catalogs of parts for those cars. - So it's easy. - It's not that easy. The interior kit's cheap. Everything else is expensive. Shoot me an offer, but be fair. If you could be somewhere near about, say, 55... I know you talked about ten, but let's be realistic. Be realistic. I know what I have. I know what it's worth. You need to do better. I mean, I'm at ten. Even though this doesn't look like much, when we're done with this car, it's gonna be worth somewhere around 50 grand. If we can get this for under nine, I'll take that deal all day. It's a '69 Mach 1. There is not that many of those. But obviously you don't want it anymore. Yeah, but not for nothing. But we can only pay so much... ...and... ...the rooster's telling me, "Only go to seven grand." I can't do that. Give me a realistic price. Eight grand. It's a good deal at eight. Eight grand is fine. - Thank you very much. - Thank you. Eight grand is totally way more than we would normally spend on a trade-up car, but in the long run, it's a safer gamble. This thing is a total classic that any car guy would get excited about or, for that matter, a car girl. Constance is gonna love this car. She's built her own Mustang from the ground up in her garage, and she's gonna want to dive right into this project. - Look at that. - Whoo. Hoo-hoo-hoo. - What is it? - You're gonna like this one. Right up your alley. This is the most beautiful rear end I've ever seen. This Mustang is now our most-important project. It is our trade car. Is this for me? So I brought everyone over here to the new shop so we can put a plan together to get this car started. - I didn't know it was Christmastime. - Yeah. - Good. - Beautiful. Okay, you guys can go now. After the Buick, we needed something that's not gonna take forever to fix up and get us back trading up to something bigger and better. So this is gonna be a trade, not a sell car? It's a trade car, yeah, so we can get to the six figures. It's the fastest way to get there right now. I know everybody's feeling the same way about the money being so deep. I don't know about you guys, but my pockets are empty. This car is missing a lot of parts. It needs a lot of money. Do you already have a trade lined up on this? Where do we stand? No, there's no trade lined up for this car yet... but it's a '69 Mach 1. Who doesn't want one of those? It'll be worth the investment. It is the perfect car to guarantee that someone's gonna be interested. So how much metal can I cut and move? Well, okay, let's not get crazy. Wait. Let's not get crazy. Normally with a trade car, we start with something that is not very desirable and make it desirable. With this car, we're actually doing it backwards. We're starting with a car that is already very desirable. But we still want to put our thumbprint like we do with everything else. I don't know how far you can push one of these things. That's why I'm gonna give Constance the lead on this project, 'cause not only does she know Mustangs inside and out, when I gave her the lead a couple months ago on the Bel Air, she proved herself, and she did a great job. - Now it's a car! - Yeah! I think there's stuff that we can do that is still in line with the Gotham Garage style that still represents the past in the Mustang history and everything this car is built off of. So I don't get to do any cutting on this car? TBD. What'd you say? TBD. To be determined. Normally I would say go and get started tearing it apart, - but that part's already done. - That was the easy part. So, Constance, I need you to go find me the best motor and gearbox that we can stick in this thing to get the most money out of it. Something big. Everyone else, let's get back to Gotham and keep cruising on the Harley. Oh, you found the bag. It's all kind of mismatched stuff. The bagger kit I had laying around here doesn't fit this bike. - Oh, yay. Puzzle pieces! - Yeah. We had this old bagger kit just laying around the shop. It's the same old cookie-cutter kit that everybody has. I really want to soften this. So we're gonna customize this kit and make it flow into the lines of the bike. Got a motorcycle kit there? Huh? How are we doing this? It's really simple. When in doubt, cut it out. - That should be on the front door here. - I know, right? Other shops would spend a ton of money outsourcing this to somebody else that would have to make a metal mold to pull a fiberglass piece to extend their bag, but here, I go down to the fabric store, buy $30 worth of florist foam, and get the exact same effect. I love working here. It's something else that... - When did you start working here? - Huh? When did you start working here? Keyword being "work." - Yeah, I like hanging out with Mark. - Yeah. From here on out, it's bodywork and paint, and put it back together, - and then we get paid. - Cool. The goal with a custom bagger is to make it stand out as much as possible. So we're gonna paint this bike green with a candy gold over the top. Green and gold are the color of money. Ah. I'm gonna hold it like a baby. Pretty green alien baby. What is it with you and shiny? We brought this Harley back to life. We took the dusty tarp off the top, knocked all the dirt off the bike, and then, with everything in this shop, we made one custom badass bagger. We stretched this bike over a foot and gave it a custom 26-inch front wheel. We custom-made the bag extensions to seamlessly flow with the lines of the bike. The point of building a bagger is to build something that looks nothing like anybody else's bike. I mean, everywhere you go, you're seeing 40, 50 baggers parked in a row, and if we can build that bike that stands out of one in 50, we're gonna get a huge payday at the end of it. Whoa! Damn! When you're riding, you own the blacktop. The road is yours. You're the king, and you know it because everybody's looking at you. You and that bike have become one. If Shawn didn't have a buyer coming down for this in a couple days, I'd probably jump on it and take it to Vegas. Shh. Don't let Mark hear you say that. Awesome. Hey, motor time. Mark told me to get "the biggest motor possible" for this '69 Mach 1. - Be really careful what you wish for. - Four twenty-eight? - Four twenty-eight. - He did say go big, though. I was able to get my buddy Mike to give us this motor for 7,500 bucks, which seems like a lot, but it'll add a ton of trade value to this car on the back end. Let's put this big, beautiful big block in. It really comes with the works. Five-speed TKO transmission, EFI, headers, bell housing. I mean everything. If you had a checklist of options like you were ordering a sandwich and you just wanted "the works." Wow. I said it's gonna be a tight fit, but we're gonna get there. Might have to come back a little bit. Oh. It sound like it went in. I don't think we can go much bigger. Ladies, I have advice if your man is a car guy. You don't have to get him anything but a big-block motor of whatever he's into. His Ford, his Chevy, his Mopar... That will put the biggest smile on his face. He won't need a ring. - You wanna hear it a little bit? - No, I wanna hear it a lot. - All right. - Not a little. Come on, 428. - Yeah! - First fire! - First fire! - Yeah! Nice. Fired right up. Once we get everything cleaned up, we'll get the new hoses on the radiator set up. I got... I got things that I want to do here. I'm sure you do. I see the cogs and sprockets spinning in your eyeballs. Hey, Shawn, your buddy's here. With the Buick crash, we haven't seen a payday in over three weeks. Blake, buddy. So we need to sell this bike for as close to 30 grand as possible. That way, we could put a couple of grand in everybody's pocket and use the rest to keep the two shops flowing. So we're bringing in a guy named Blake who loves Harleys, and he happens to be in the market for a custom bagger. Did I not tell you? Did I not tell you? Take it in. - Holy hell, man. - Color of money. It's almost hard to see everything you guys have done without walking around it a hundred times. - Yeah. - What are we talking, motor-wise? - What'd you guys slap in there? - RevTech hundred-inch. I'll fire it up for you. Gonna say, gotta give it a little whiskey. That sound good enough for you, Blake? That's just loud enough. - That sounds like money right there. - There you go. First reaction, what are you thinking? This isn't... This isn't what I was expecting... but this is rad. I'm digging the color. I do love the pipes. That intake's rad. Lucky 13's badass. So here's what I'm thinking. Thirty-five grand. I was gonna say 25. - Oh. - I thought we were friends. That's the friend's price. - What, you kidding me? - Gah. I mean, for around the mid-30s, you know, you can grab something right off the floor. You mean something boring? We're not big on new around here. And just remember what you're paying for. You're paying for artistry here. Not too many bikes looking like this. You know, I do appreciate that, but my wallet's starting to try to run out the door. Okay, I get it, okay. How about I come all the way down to 32? - Um... - Talk to me. - Twenty-seven. - You're going in the right direction. Tell you what... You work with me a little bit more so I can use a little bit of that on my first road trip. What do you say, 28,500? Twenty-eight five. - You know what? I think that's fine. - I'm good with that. And you buy the next round of beers. Trying to shake your hand before you say that. - All right, man. - Okay, 28,500, and I got the next round of beers. It feels really good to sell this bike... You killed it, dude. ...but that's not gonna hold us over forever. We got to put the pedal to the metal and get this Mustang done so that we can keep this momentum rolling. - Let's get the wheels real quick. - All right. 'Cause it's gonna change the way this car looks. With a classic muscle car like this, there are things that you can do, and there are things that you cannot do. This is a fat-ass tire. Number one, you cannot cut the roof off. You have to balance this uniqueness, which is what we bring here at this shop, but keep those classic body lines and things that really make it a Mustang. - Hear me out. - Uh-oh. People roll the fenders all the time to fit a fatter tire in there. If we pull the whole rear end out... - Wow. - ...do the front out so it still keeps the Mustang body line, but now you have this classic car that also has the feel of something that's a little more modern. So you're suggesting we widebody this car? Yeah. And then slam it. That means air shocks. Having a little problem processing that you're telling me to take a Sawzall to a '69 Mustang - and push that fender out a good foot. - I want it, like, here. - It's at least a foot. - Yeah. This car is really gonna be the best of both worlds. You're gonna have all the little details that tell you that it's a Mach 1, but at the same time, you're gonna have all the Gotham Garage touches that people know us for. We're gonna pull out those rear fenders to fit those fat, meaty tires. That will give the car an overexaggerated cartoon look. With the wider rear end, we'll need five taillights on either side of the back. To modernize this car, we're gonna give it a fully adjustable Air Lift suspension kit. That way, you can pump up the rear end to give it that classic muscle-car look or you can slam it on the ground for that modern feel. To finish it off, we'll give it a jet-black paint job so this car will look as mean as it rides. Let's get this over to Gotham so we can start cutting it up. Got your way. With our current situation at the shop, it might seem a little crazy to make a massive change like this. Most people would give it a factory paint job, factory wheels, catalog parts, and call it a day. That is not what we do here. In case you haven't figured it out by now, we're all a little crazy. I don't care how far in the hole we are financially, we have gotten to where we are by never compromising, and I'm not about to start now. So why did you call me down here, dude? I got a car to finish out there. - I may have some good news. - You're quitting. No, I'm not quitting. - Don't you wish. I've got... - Look at me. I'm crying on the inside now. Pay attention. Think I've got a guy that's interested in the Mustang. Really? His name is Chris. Got a hot-rod shop not far from here, actually, and he's definitely got lots of high-end stuff to make a trade happen. - So what does he have? - He's actually got a '66 Belvedere. He's got big, expensive motors. He's got a Hellcat. He's got a 426 Hemi. There's a 25-grand motor right there. And he's actually got a '70 Challenger. He's never gonna trade us a Challenger for a Mustang. That's a six-figure car, dude. Well, it's only a half-done Challenger, and he said everything's on the table, and I'm figuring if we bring the car down there, and he sees it done, who knows what he's willing to trade for, you know? Once we finish the Mach 1, it'll be worth every bit of 50 grand. I don't know exactly what we're gonna get in exchange, but this guy Chris has options. Plan A... we try for that Challenger, and we're on our way to six figures. Plan B... we package one of those massive motors with the Belvedere, and we're walking away with a ton of value. The bottom line is once he sees our Mustang, we might just be able to take one of those projects off his hands. You know, the guy is a tough negotiator. He knows what it's worth, but one way or another, with the amount of things he has down there, I'm sure we could come up with some sort of a deal. It's a pretty good situation. I think it might be solid, so let me get the car done, and then we'll see what Chris has to say. - Sounds like a plan. - I'll go to work. Do what you do best. Sit there. Look pretty. That's my job. Ooh, fancy new club for me? - Those are some sweet shocks. - I know. Growing up, it was all muscle cars, and I thought that was a totally normal situation to get dropped off at elementary school in, like, a '72 Chevelle. I am definitely the first person in the shop to fight really hard to keep a classic muscle car as pure as possible. But with this build, give it something that makes it really badass. It's time to see how low it drops on the ground. - That's pretty cool there. - Now do the back. It's alive. It moves. We've done a ton of custom work on this car. Constance wanted a jet-black paint job... but I'm also giving it red racing accents. This car is definitely gonna look as aggressive as it sounds. When you put the pedal to the metal and dump that clutch... this thing throws you back in the seat, gives you whiplash, and I'd stack it up against any Mustang right out of the factory. It has all the classic elements of a Mach 1 with the look and feel of a modern hot rod. It started with that absurd 428 big block that we stuffed under the hood. From there, we gave it obnoxiously wide tires and a full air-ride suspension kit. We widened out the body by at least a foot. We gave it five taillights to each side of the rear. Constance did a fantastic job with this car. It looks mean, it sounds mean. This car is a fricking monster. What you did to this car, I like it. I like it a lot. Sounds like I did a damn fine job. Mark and everybody at the shop did their part. This Mustang they put together is worth 50 grand all day. The good thing about Chris is he wants a '69 Mach 1, and he's willing to trade for something. Obviously, we're shooting for that '70 Challenger, but if that doesn't work out, he's got other things over there. Now it's all about what he's gonna give in exchange. Chris, what's going on? - Shawn. - This is, uh, Mark. Chris, how are you doing? Nice to meet you, man. Nice to meet you. Why didn't you put the big tires on it? - How'd that sound? - That's loud enough. Yeah. But that's not all. This is the fun part right here. - Got a 428 in it. - Wow. What kind of trans you got in it? - It's a Tremec. - Very nice. - Got a little get-up-and-go. - Yeah. Is that custom sheet metal for the front splitter? All of it, yeah. Well, there's no fiberglass on it. - Wow. Nobody does that. - Just us old guys. Yeah. Now, as a muscle-car guy, I really like what they've done. It's got the wide fenders, great interior. Black and the red looks great. Bodywork looks bitchin'. If we can cut a deal, I'd love to have this car. Checks all my boxes. Okay, are you ready to do some trading or what? Yeah, we can go talk about it. - Shawn showed you his. - Now it's my turn. Oh, there we go. I like the Challenger right there. 1970. Seventy. It's a great year for muscle cars. Chris, you've been busy on this car, I see. Yeah. Lot of custom work done to this. - Tucked bumpers, shaved handles... - Shaved handles. - Flush-mounted glass. - Sweet. Four-link rear, coilovers in the front. Right now, it's just the metal stage. Getting ready for bodywork. Man, that's a lot further along than the last pictures I saw of this car. I'm sure. We've put a bunch of work in it the last couple of weeks. This car's 120 grand easy when it's done. That's why I'm trying to talk you out of it. That's the whole point here. I know there's a ton of value right here, but you said you wanted a done car, right? - Yeah. - Custom Mustang. I know you like that car. You said you wanted to do a little swapping. This is a little swapping. I'm gonna need car plus 20 grand. Oh, man. Well, that's not gonna happen. We don't like pulling money out of our pocket. What do you say... even swap? - Straight across? - Straight-across trade. - That doesn't work for you? - It's a '70 Challenger. Custom body work and everything. So I need your car plus about 20. That's not gonna work for me. No. We definitely don't have 20 grand to put on the table right now. Chris put in way more work on this Challenger than I was expecting, but we always knew the Challenger was gonna be a bit of a long shot. What else have you got? Maybe this Belvedere over here. - Sixty-six. - Hey, your IQ. You are funny. It's got pretty good suspension, it looks like, underneath it. Yeah. Big brakes, sticky tires, custom roll cage. - You got the rest of the pieces for this? - Yeah. - That's the motor that goes with it? - 426 Hemi. That motor's worth twice as much as the car. But I'm seeing some work here, and I just got done working on a car. Yeah, I see a lot of work. So this car with that motor is roughly worth about 40-45 grand put together. - Yeah. - Mm. The problem is, to get any value out of this, it's got to be finished up. Sure, but this car's pretty much paint, wiring, and you're there. But when we're done with that, we're talking somewhere near the 60-grand figure. Yeah, sure. That's not enough for us 'cause this is a project that needs to be cashed out on. Nah. What are you thinking? We're all men. We know what we're all looking at. Everybody wants to come out ahead. I'd be lying if I said I didn't. But for me to swap my 50 for this 40, it doesn't do me any good. - So... - Well, I guess it ain't working today. No, doesn't look like it. It takes so much to make a deal go down, and today, it just wasn't there. He wanted too much for the Challenger, and the Belvedere wasn't enough for us. If we can't get more than what we've got, there's no point in doing it. It's easy to trade down. It's very hard to trade up, and that's the goal here. So now you've got a new job. Find someone to take us to that next step so we can get on the landing, and then get to that six-figure car. And we got a very desirable car to do it with. All this being said, I can think of three people that are not gonna be happy with us when we roll back up with this thing still on a trailer. That's gonna be a hell of a conversation, and I want no part of that one. I want to see the show. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 