Car Masters: Rust to Riches: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Car Masters: Rust to Riches 
 s2e4 - Motorboatin' - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Car Masters: Rust to Riches (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 4 - Motorboatin' - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - GPS says it isn't too much farther, so... - This is where the deal is? - You ready to make a deal? - I'd love to make a deal. This just seems a little weird, though. He's willing to check out such an expensive car at nighttime. If somebody shows you something cool, are you not like, "Hey, I would like that. I wanna go check that out"? Yeah, I get that, but it still sounds strange to me. - Guess we're going down a dirt road now. - This is where the guy lives. I been down worser roads than this. Not with a frigging $50,000 car on your trailer, you haven't. - You got me... You got me on that one. - Yeah. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Did Caveman bring his club? I hope Caveman's got his club. This is ridiculous. Oh, hey, here it comes. Wait till you see this car, Miguel. You're gonna love it. - Hello. I'm Miguel. - Nice to meet you, Miguel. - I got a Mustang on a trailer, so... - And I got an itch for a Mustang. Okay, and I hope you got some stuff to trade. I think I do. Well, it sounds nice. Tell me a bit about what you guys have done with it. A lot. We split the fenders. Widened them out about three inches in the front. You're running a 20 x 14-inch rear wheel. - That is... big tires. - That's as big as it's gonna get. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Growing up in Mexico, I had an uncle that had a '69 Mustang. I loved the car, and it's something that I always wanted to have one of them. And the car really caught my attention. It's just incredible. Have you got a few vehicles back there we could look at? Well, come on in. This is a pretty big place you got here, Miguel. You do have some cars, huh? Uh-oh. I see something I want to go play on already. I think this worked out really cool. No. Hey, how about this? We met Miguel, and now here we are late at night. Who cares? A find is a find, and money's money. Whoo-whoo. Ah-ah-ah. There we go. This is a 1972 'Cuda. - This is money right here. - It's a nice car, but you know how expensive it is to put one of these together, bro? - I see another beauty here. - Oh, no, no, no, no. Don't even look at this. I finished this two months ago. - Oh, yeah. - Wow. Miguel's obviously a car guy 'cause there's a lot of cars out here. Plus, Miguel likes that Mustang. I'm hoping that he really likes it. That we can end up wrangling quite a few cars out of him. This is not for sale. He's got a few high-end cars, but we're looking for multiple project cars, stuff we can fix up, then flip or trade for maximum value. What's the story on this little jewel right here? This is, like, fricking awesome. The interior is in really good shape. Is this something you'd get rid of? Yes, for sure. This van is screaming at me, "Get me out of here! I'm trapped! I'm sitting next to a fricking riding mower." Oh, yeah! This is a single-seater racer. Not sure about the year. - From maybe '30s. - Yeah. My grandfather used to race one of these cars on a dirt track. Really? This thing is cool. Would you like to let that one go and not have to finish it? We can talk about this one. How about that boat? What's the deal on that boat? - Wait. Mark, are you serious? - It's a boat, Constance. Come on. How many people have died in here? "Died in here." Heh heh heh. If it's got two motors in it, this thing is a screamer, right? - It is. - No, no. No boats. No boats. Look at cars. So, Miguel, obviously you got a few cars back there we want. I think we can work something out. Mark, what are you thinking? Thinking that single-seat race car everybody seemed to dig. - Pretty cool. - That thing's badass. We definitely like the single-seat racer. I definitely got my interest piqued on the boat. Ooh. - And believe it or not, the minivan. - Ooh. - You really want that minivan? - Yeah. So if we were just selling the Mustang outright, we'd be looking at 50 grand. But the goal here is to trade up, so we need to get about 60 grand in value. The single-seat racer, the minivan, and the boat are worth about 40 grand. So if Miguel can throw in some pretty good cash on top of that, it could turn out to be a very good night for us. I tell you what. You throw in 30 grand, and you got this peach. I-I love the car, but 30 grand... I don't think I can do that. I can do ten, cash. Oh, we are... That's not even close. How about 20? And we-we call it a night. Come on. - You got yourself a nice deal. - Fantastic. - They went crazy on this car. - I love it. - Are we all in agreement... - Thank you. Pleasure meeting you tonight. This is exactly why you hold out and trade a car like this Mach 1 instead of selling it. - We're gonna go do paperwork. - All righty. With our business model, anything goes. If you play it safe, you're never gonna get the big score. - You got a new van? - The shop got a new van. - And there's more. - What? Were you guys out drinking last night? Matter of fact, we were. There's our third ride. We really got a good deal. Like, this is three-for-one, plus cash, so it's really a four-for-one deal. That's gonna go to storage. We're not gonna worry about that. I need Caveman and Constance to take the minivan over to the other garage, and then I need dingleberry here to help me back this boat up into the building. The boat, the minivan... those are perfect cash vehicles that can immediately maximize our return on investment. Full steam ahead, skipper. It may look a little strange to see a 35-foot boat dry-docked in an automotive shop, but one thing I know is that people that buy boats have a thick wallet of disposable income. Customized boats? The 80-grand mark? That's the minimum. And with the particular vision I have for this boat, it will absolutely be worth the risk. I think if we just buff up the gel coat and maybe give it a little stripe, - I think we can get rid of it. - That's why he works in the front office and not back here where the creative people work. I just don't see where you're gonna go with something like this. What's my favorite car on the planet made in America by Americans? - Corvette. - Okay. So we're gonna take this, and we're gonna do a Corvette-themed boat. The second I saw this boat, I immediately recognized that it has the same sexy shape as a classic Corvette. It has a super-long nose... and a very short cockpit in the back. That makes it prime real estate for a ton of custom Corvette modifications. I want this thing to be a collage of every generation Corvette. I just don't see it. You're not talking about any boat. You're talking about a customized boat. And that makes me wonder if no one around customizes boats, - is that 'cause there's no market for it? - There isn't a market for it. As if bringing a boat in here wasn't crazy enough, but now we're gonna build the most specific custom boat of all time? Don't know why you don't trust me. Yeah, I'm learning to trust you, but on this, I don't know. People love Corvettes. People love boats. But is there a person out there that wants a marriage between the two in some over-the-top boat/car Gotham Garage mash-up? That's the big question right there. And right now, I have no idea. Tony, can you get this thing ripped apart for me? You go find somebody who wants a customized boat. Looks like I'm gonna have to introduce myself to some skippers. Some skippers? I don't know what the hell that meant. Go swab a few decks and meet a few skippers. I'm gonna go to the other shop and talk to Caveman and Constance about what we're gonna do with that minivan. It's finally nice to have two projects going full throttle at the same time in two different buildings. We got the second garage thinking that we would have two, three, or four projects all going at the same time. It just hasn't worked out that way. But now we finally got our act together, and we're starting to gain a ton of forward momentum. I know you guys are all talking smack about the little minivan because it is an Astro van, and it is ugly as sin. But the plan with it is I have a buddy that's got a record label. He has a band here in town. They play locally. And they want some kind of, like, equipment van with a Gotham Garage touch on it. This band... they're young, but they've all got old souls, and they're all into hot rods. I know they've been saving up, and I know they have the cash to spend. And after we do our Gotham Garage bling to it, it will be the perfect touring van to fit their style. So what we're gonna do is take this gem all the way back into the '70s and the '80s. We're gonna start by cutting the springs and dropping this van down to give it some attitude. And we'll add some classic rally wheels and teardrop windows to sell the vintage look. Then we'll add carpet and cabinets to the interior. We'll tie it all together with some Zoomie headers and a rock star-style paint job. I want to cap this build at ten grand. If we can keep our costs low and sell it quick, we could potentially double our money. You guys get this thing torn apart real quick. I'll check back with you in a while and see what's going on. Right on. Let's make a badass minivan. Feel like we need some rock 'n' roll music to get into the vibe. The '80s were awesome. - Do you even remember? - I remember the '80s. Should've been a rock star. I missed my calling. Back in the '80s, I had long hair. - It was Aqua-Netted, as you would... - You had longer hair? I had longer hair. - What do you remember about the '80s? - Um, I was born in the '80s. I know. What year? Like, '89, right? That's all I remember from the '80s. Yeah! Whoo! Caveman's on tour! What's up, flapjack? - Hey. - How you feeling today? I am feeling superb. - Started connecting more lines over there? - Yeah. Like a little kitten, got a new ball of string? That's what I've been doing. I think it's time for us to get back to what we do best is those big deals, those monster deals where we're swinging for the fences. I pride myself in putting the pieces together to one of those multi-layered trade deals. You know what we need? Another deal like the Futura. Something big. For the past few months, we've been doing some cool cars, but we really haven't gotten those crazy, big, monster, memorable deals. If you really want to start searching for a bigger project like the Futura, - which people are still talking about... - Oh, yeah. ...then chop-chop, get to it. Start connecting strings over there. I've been chopping, believe me. Believe me. And I'm actually dialed in. Believe it or not, I've got a line on a replica of a 1960 Plymouth XNR concept car. - Really? - How about that? That's a cool car. That's the one with the long fin behind the driver's head, and it's got that big cross chrome bumper... - Yeah, the big asymmetrical car. - That's actually pretty cool. The Plymouth XNR is one of the wildest-looking concept cars ever built. But it's the story behind the car that makes it so unique. It was built in 1960 by world-renowned car designer Virgil Exner. After it toured around the U.S., it was shipped to Italy and then sold to the Shah of Iran. Eventually it ended up in Beirut, and then it completely disappeared underground during the Lebanese Civil War. Miraculously, the car survived, and once it resurfaced, it was sent to Canada and totally restored. In 2011, it was sold at an auction for almost a million dollars. This car is one of one, and as far as I know, no one has ever attempted to create a period-correct replica. Where'd you find that at? A guy in Vermont has this car. Go the other side of the continental United States. This guy named Andy found the design blueprints for this car. He was able to do a computer rendering and actually make a mold from the original blueprints. There's got to be a hitch in the get-along if he's willing to give it to us. Well, the hitch is that a car like this needs so much, uh, intricate work, and the... You better have mad skills if you're gonna do a car like that. I think it dawned on this guy that he's in over his head, and so I think he's decided this is the time where he's got to cut this project loose. You know what I need? I need pictures, I need a walk-around video, and I need you to get Andy on a conference call so that I can ask him all the questions and hear the specifics from him. This Plymouth XNR... it's the kind of car that every serious car builder dreams of building. If Shawn can find a way to cut a deal, this will be one of the biggest iconic cars we've ever had through the shop. I'm gonna go back to work. I have a boat and a minivan to put together. Hmm. Good luck with that. That's about all of the Shawn I can take for one day. I'm gonna set up the deal of a lifetime, my friend. You know, I'm huffing so much fumes, it reminds me of the '80s. I want this band van to come alive, get in your face, and scream at you like a wild animal. It's a blank canvas. We can get as creative and as artistic as we want on it. It's like a graffiti artist working off a giant white wall. The zebra carpet not only says, "Welcome to my lair," but it also gives some padding on the floor so the band can lay all their equipment down. So we gonna paint the van to match the stripes, or what? No. The black cabinets will be storage space for anything extra... guitar picks, cables, microphones, some whiskey bottles. You know, all the essentials you need to go out on tour. - It's actually looking pretty good, huh? - Right? - Git-R-Done. - I'm gonna go work on a boat. All right. I'm here working. - Hey, Caveman. - Yeah. What'd you get? - Let's see. - Windows. Windows for the van. Let's see what we got. Oh, my God. Now that Mark's gone, the true master can finally get some work done. Constance found these really bitchin' teardrop windows that are gonna give this van an '80s vibe. And that there is the teardrop window in the band van. If we were a band, we'd be badass. I'd be on the drums 'cause I like to smash stuff. I like to bang on stuff. Yeah! We'd have Mark as the lead singer. Tony'd be playing that guitar, ripping up those killer licks like he does on his water jet. Caveman, look. Those look like some old rally wheels. Those look nice. And Constance, she'd be on the bass just keeping it all together. And then Shawn... Shawn would be our groupie, with his highlights and his fancy clothes. To go with the retro look, we're gonna lower the van. Brand-new chrome headers. We're gonna make our own Zoomie-style headers out of these old vintage side pipes that we have. Look, I'm doing the limbo, Mom. - That looks good. - Looks cool. Looks bitchin'. Why don't we take lunch... I gotta go over and help with the boat, but you should go. Don't have to tell the fat guy twice to eat. Got a small crescent wrench? All my crescent wrenches are at the other shop. - Here's a couple of those, though. - Before this boat build moves forward, Mark really wants to make sure that these motors fire up. - Never done a boat before. - Yeah, me either. They've clearly been sitting for a while, so it's best to go through everything. Caveman thinks that he's gonna party on this boat. He's gonna pee his Speedo on this boat. So we did a full top-end rebuild. Basically upgraded intakes, carbs, hoses, but boat motors tend to be a little bit more tricky than hot-rod motors. We used a boat motor in the Frank'N'Bus a few months ago, and it was definitely no walk in the park. We are leaking, ladies and gentlemen. All right. Here we go. Ah - Nice. There we go. - That one's down. All right, we got one. Now we go for two. - All clear? - Yep. Whoa. That's some really bad gas, man. Smoke or not, these motors fired up. Good job. We got two good running motors now. And once we drain out all that old gas, they'll be ready to rip up the water. Now we can transform this behemoth into a one-of-a-kind Corvette boat. That all starts with a ton of fabrication work. That works. Rough seas. Rough seas. - Corvette has set the standard... - Got it? ...for every great American sports car. Everything that Corvette does, from the beginning to today, has always been a trendsetter. First manufactured cars built out of fiberglass. First ones to put a race-car suspension and a race-car motor in a street-legal driveable car that you could take off the dealership lot. - There it is. - There we go. That's why I want this boat to have all the great features of every generation of Corvette, but the most distinctive feature will be the '63 split-window rear end. The 1963 Corvette coupe was the only Corvette to feature two rear windows. That rarity has made the '63 Corvette one of the most sought-after collectible cars of all time. It's those details that Corvette fans love, and it's those details that'll help this thing sell for big money. Look at that. Fricking professional fit. So now it's time for me to go paint that rock-star minivan. The look I'm going for with this paint is pure rock 'n' roll. From the bright orange base to the custom flames, I'm cranking the amp all the way up to 11 on this one. Look at you cruising the van, man. We're taking something that everyone else overlooked and turning it into a Gotham Garage work of art. - Oh, that thing's dope, dude. - How about that, huh? - Good to see you, brother. - You too. - Anthony. - Good to see you. That's badass. - Damn, this thing's cool, man. - Yeah. I dig the one-off grill, right there. Yeah, it's like Shawn's haircut. Nobody's got that. We're old souls, you know. We play classic rock. We like classic cars. We like classic music. We've seen some of the Gotham builds, and it really fits our style. I knew you were in the market for a van and utility vehicle to drive around, so we kind of went with that '70s, '80s vibe for the whole thing. We dropped it, obviously. Lowered it a lot. We took two inches out of the front, four inches out of the back. Put on the 18s and the 20s. It's got the side pipes - that actually move with the door. - Wow. And it's got rock 'n' roll inside of it all the way around. - That's awesome. I love the zebra. - Yeah, right? Cabinets for all our gear. - Yeah. - That's badass. - Could we take it for a spin? - Yeah, absolutely. It's like an amplifier. You wanna plug it in and play before you buy it. - That's right. - Hop in. Let's go for a test drive. I love the raccoon tail on the antenna. That's great. Yeah, it's kind of the cherry on the sundae right there. I can really pictures myself cruising down the road, cruising cross-country, doing shows in this. - Everybody checking you out, "Yeah, bro." - Yeah, right? This seems like something we'd be interested in for sure. Cool. We'll turn here and go back to the shop. - See if we all can make this happen. - Let's do it. So, uh, how'd it go? - I see a smile. I see a smile - We got a smile. I think a really good bargain for you guys would be somewhere near about 25 grand. I want to make a deal that's fair for everybody, but this is a fully customized one-of-a-kind Gotham work of art, so to make it worth our while, we still need to get well over 20 grand. Our budget, honestly, is about 15 grand. Fifteen grand? I thought you guys were, like, big-time stuff. We don't have big-time wallets. That's what you're missing. This guy's a negotiator, obviously. This is gonna make you money, as far as I'm concerned, 'cause you get all this attention. You know it's all about the attention. We'd be fetching in a little bit if we went up to 18. Eighteen? We're gonna have to keep the wheels and tires. What are you thinking you could come down to? How's 21,500? Can you live with that? What do you think? - Is that a deal? - I think that's fair. - Is that fair? - Yeah. We got a deal. - Shake the man's hand. - We got a deal. - That's a deal. - 21,500. I really dig the van. I think they went above and beyond our expectations. Anyone seeing us leaving the show is gonna be, "Hey, they're badass." - All right. - Take 'em in the front, do paperwork. - All right, man. I'll see you guys later. - See you, man. Did I not tell you doing a minivan was gonna be, like, the coolest easy money you ever made in your life? A blind squirrel finds a nut every now and then. That is true. But without me, there's no you. Without you, there still me. So here I am in deck shoes because this is typical Mark. He likes to do things that test me a little bit. You know, throw me off my game. So, gonna go to the marina and see if I can find somebody who's interested in a customized boat. I'm optimistic, but I better put a little sunblock on my legs today. Those things haven't seen sun in a while. Ha ha ha ha. I know nothing about the boat world. Yes, I've had a little fun on boats, but I don't even know if there's a market out there for what we're building. Nice boat you got there. I've never had to sell a boat. I'm a car guy. - What's going on, man? How are you? - Not bad, not bad. Just another day at the marina, selling boats for Gotham Garage. What I'm doing around here is I'm actually kind of chumming the waters a little bit. - We build custom cars. - Wow, okay. We happen to be building a custom boat. - Wow. - Yeah. It's kinda... It's a little crazy. - It's a Corvette-inspired cigarette boat. - Gotcha. With Corvette taillights, and a split window at the back and everything. Two of the best things, boats and cars. There you go. That's what I like to hear. Do you know anybody that might even have a remote chance of buying a boat like this? I would be interested in that, but we just bought this new 50-foot boat. It's probably not in our particular world of budget currently. You got an extra 70-80 grand laying around you might want to pop into a boat? Might be able to work something out. - Whoa. - ♪ Hallelujah ♪ - Really? - No. There's one guy that I know that might be a prospect for something like that. Friend of mine named BJ. He owns a winery up north. - He's got a winery? - And he loves cars. Oh, my God, that sounds like my kind of guy. - Nice little combination. - I'll leave you my number. It was nice chatting with you. I appreciate that. - We'll be in touch. - I think I got some good connections here, and I kind of want to hang here a little bit longer. - Cheers. - Cheers. Cheers. I think I just christened the boat! This boat is still 90% boat and 10% Corvette. It's time to make that ratio 50-50. We're adding all the elements that scream classic Corvette. Headlights for docking... six Corvette seats... custom-fabricated Stinger hood scoop that runs the entire length of the bow... and a killer Corvette rear end with six taillights. This will be a one-of-a-kind Corvette boat that will be unmistakable on the water. - There it is. - That is all about the 'Vette. I got some really nice videos of the XNR. It looks pretty accurate. Yeah, he spent a ton of money, and it's the way he went about it. He didn't cut a bunch of steps. He had it done properly. When you can find someone that has started this massive undertaking, you need to take advantage of the situation. What makes this such an appealing deal is that when you're looking for a one of one, 95% of them have already been restored and are sitting in a museum or somebody's private collection or in their garage. These kind of opportunities do not come up. I like the bodywork that's been done to the car, yes. I'm gonna hit his number right now. - This is Andy. - Andy, hey, how's it going? It's Shawn. I'm, uh, I'm with Mark over here. - Hey, Andy. It's Mark. How you doing? - Hey, Mark. Good, man. So first question first is, what is the donor platform underneath the car? Yeah, it's sitting on a 1960 Plymouth Valiant. - Okay. - It's got a Slant Six for a power plant. - Okay. - Yeah, it's pretty spot-on. It's a full mold, and the mold's fitting over the chassis. So, Andy, it seems like something definitely up our alley. The next step would be, uh, what exactly were you looking for as far as a trade for this XNR? I come from a big military background with my family, and I've always been in love with the early Dodge Power Wagons. Oh, that's way cool. Are you looking for a trade straight across, or what are you thinking? I feel like the XNR is worth a hell of a lot. Um... I don't know if the Power Wagon would do it alone. You know, I don't know what else you guys could come up with. Are you into old race cars? - We got a single-seat racer. - Hmm. If you're into those old military trucks and that era, I'm sure you'll be into this. You've got my interest. Oh, yeah? There you go. Can we agree in principle that this is a deal that we'd both be onboard about? Gentlemen's handshake over the phone. I can live with that. - I think Mark can live with that. - That works for me. We rarely do a two-for-one trade, but we have a very long road ahead of us before we can even get our hands on that car. Right now, it's a dream, and the only way this dream is gonna turn into a reality is if Shawn can hunt us down a Dodge Power Wagon. Not a very easy truck to find. These old World War II-era Dodge Power Wagons are very sought-after trucks. But postwar, most of these trucks were just work trucks, so they got the crap beaten out of them. And because of that, you very rarely find any in good condition at all. Andy isn't making my job easy. Corvettes are known for their loud standout paint schemes, and this boat will be no different. But to take it a step further, we're gonna two-tone it in white and yellow to make it even more of an iconic paint job. And even though this is our first boat, you won't see another one like it anywhere on the planet. This boat has been transformed into a Corvette from bow to stern. With the custom-fabricated split window, the six Corvette seats, the authentic Corvette rear end, when you fire up these twin motors and you start flying across the water, it's like punching a Corvette on an empty highway. This boat is an all-out tribute to one of the most iconic cars in American history. I don't think anything makes you feel more free than having a wide-open stretch of water and two monster motors pushing you from behind. So tell me about this buyer that you got. He's a car guy and a boat guy, and he's got a lot of money. All that work at the marina is about to pay off. Do you know anybody that might even have a remote chance of buying a boat like this? A friend of mine named BJ owns a winery up north. He's got a winery? And the biggest lead I've got might actually pan out. Yeah? How much money have you been trying to get out of this boat? I didn't put an exact number on it with him. I want to get a deal done today. You know that. Well, let's get a deal done, but just know I'm not taking less than 80 grand. BJ. How you doing, buddy? I'm better now. - I'm Mark. Nice to meet you. - Nice, nice. What do you think? First impression? That's pretty. It's about as much Corvette as you can stick in a boat. Yeah. It's got Corvette taillights, Corvette seats. It's also got for docking and night driving, Corvette C6 headlights in the front. - That's what I was admiring. - Yeah, yeah. - It's got a split window... - No way. Yeah, the hatch on the back. - Oh, my goodness. - And twin screws. Ha ha ha ha ha. That is awesome. - The back end is where it tells the story. - Yeah. It's beautiful. I like it. I know the guy's got money. I know he's a boat guy and a car guy. What more could you want? You see the work that we put in this. A ton of work. So I'm feeling 90 grand is a steal for you, Am I right? Don't give me that look. What are you talk... What was that look? That looked like a look like you were wrong. - What? - Ninety grand? I do like it, but I didn't have that much in mind. I'm more looking around 60. Sixty? Oh, my God. Really? Sixty-two... - maybe? - Come on. If we leave with this boat, you're gonna regret it. Come up a little. I said 62, but I'd do 65. We'll come down to 85. - Eighty-five's fair. - No. Since I love it... 73 and a half. That's it. Really and truly, I can't go higher. Hmm. - Want to put it there? - Seventy-three five... - I appreciate the work... - Yeah. ...but truly, I can't go higher. You have to respect the man, you know? - That's where he's gonna stop. - That's it. And that's where... I can't come down that low. It's one of those "I have to respectfully decline." It is what it is, and we'll maybe work something out later. I really appreciate it. I really appreciate you. I appreciate your time. Thank you. Let's roll. Where you going? Wait. Just because Shawn has a buyer doesn't make him the buyer. We put in a ton of work, and this is an elaborate build. The 80-grand mark, that's the minimum. That's where I want to be on a bad day. I know you're stuck at 73,500. Is that your hard line? - Can you... - That's it. I want you to have this boat. This boat is you. Throw me a bone. I got to go back to him, and I got to get this deal sold. I'm never gonna find a better opportunity for this boat than right now. I need to find a way to make this deal happen. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 