Car Masters: Rust to Riches: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Car Masters: Rust to Riches 
 s2e5 - Later, Vaydor - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Car Masters: Rust to Riches (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 5 - Later, Vaydor - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I know you're stuck at 73,500, but I gotta convince him. He's stuck on 80, but, man, we are really, really close. I'm never gonna find another guy that's so perfect for this deal. Mark bails on me here, and he does this all the time. He just doesn't have the patience, but I'm gonna find a way to work this out. This is the guy. He's into boats, he's into cars, and I've heard he's a megacollector. There's got to be something of value around here to sweeten the deal. Is there anything we can do to put something together? - No money. - Something to throw in to sweeten the pot. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You must have a ton of stuff around here... an old car, Go-kart, a golf cart. I'm kidding about that. But is there anything that you can throw in? I have something in here. It's a kit car. - A kit car? - It's still under shrink-wrap. I bought it to put it together with my grandson, but, mmm, I don't have the time. I paid 11,000 for it. Yeah? Would you be willing to throw that into the deal? - I mean... - Probably. - Probably? - Probably. - Probably. - Don't move. All right? Don't move. Hey. Hey. Listen, he's got something. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He's got a kit car... - And? - ...that he'll throw in with the deal. - Is it all there or is this something... - I don't know. - It's in the shrink-wrap, he says. - Does he have it here? - I can look at it right now? - It's here. It's brand new. It's... - If I get out of my truck... - It's... - If I get out of my truck... - It's shrink-wrapped. Get out of here. Come on. Come on. It's a cool kit. I got it from Florida. Have a look at it. Do you mind if I cut it open so I could peek inside? Sure. Have a look. I promise not to make too big of a slice, 'cause if we load it on the trailer, I don't want nothing to go flying out. You're thinking about loading it on the trailer? It looks like something. I don't know if it is or not, but... Wow. - I know exactly what this car is. - Really? This is a Vaydor kit. Does that name sound familiar to you? - Something like that. - This headlight opening's a dead giveaway. The eyebrow look-in. And then this nose looks kind of like a Bugatti. It's not. It's actually pretty cool. A kit car is a car that's manufactured and sold as a set of parts. You then take that set of parts and assemble them into a working, driving car. And right now, the Vaydor is a very hot custom rebody kit. It's built off an Infiniti G35 platform. You take the cleanest G35 that you can find, strip it down to the chassis and the drivetrain, and then mount the pieces of the Vaydor on top of the Infiniti to create a custom supercar. It looks like it's all in there. Seats, dash panel, door panels. - The whole nine yards. - This the one they build off the Infiniti? Yeah. We have to come up with a donor car. So, BJ, 73,500, plus your kit... and we're a done deal? Sure. Shake his hand, will you? You're on the water, and I'm on the way. All right. Now we got ourselves a deal. The best part of a Vaydor is it's a very hot car right now. Really sought-after. But the cherry on the ice-cream sundae right now is that I get to cook up another project. That's what I call success. And all because of me? No. 'Cause of BJ 'cause he had the kit over there. Oh. Oh. Pfft. - Oh, no. - What's up? Weren't we supposed to get money? This does not look like money to me. Where's the money? Oh, we got money. We not only got 73,500 for the boat, but we also got this, right around about 11 grand in value. - Okay. - It's called a Vaydor. It's a car that's built on top of a G35 platform. It gets big-ass brakes, big-ass wheels. Super popular and super expensive when they're done. I've seen them done before, and they're super cool-looking, I will say that, but it's totally different than what we do here, and they're a ton of work because they're built to look very particular. I completely understand. For a high-end custom-car garage like ours, kit cars are generally frowned upon because they're simple cookie-cutter builds. But the Vaydor is not your typical kit car. It's fully customizable. You can take this car as far out as you want, and you can get as creative as you want. From the custom paint to the custom interior, this will be a one-off Gotham creation just like any of our other builds. Not to mention, if we can sell this thing in the $90,000 range and keep our costs low, we're talking about a $40,000 to $50,000 profit for the shop. Okay, first things first. Shawn, you need to find us a clean Infiniti G35. In the meantime, inventory the entire car and the contents of this little bag. All right, let's roshambo, see who's gonna take inventory. Hold on. Be right back... Caveman doesn't wanna play 'cause he always loses. I'll play your game. Rock, paper, scissors, club? So how we doing the inventory? - We'll load it off. I'll give you a hand. - Okay. - And you? - We'll assist. Hey, I finally won! - Gonna start calling him The Intimidator. - Yeah. Oh, look. A thing that looks like a car. Kind of looks like a car. Wow, look at that. I have no idea what half of this stuff is, but this is the roof. Right. Let's take the roof off. I've seen a lot of kit cars and a lot of rebodies, but I have never seen one with this many parts and pieces. You guys, there's a lot of stuff on the inside. - It's got a spoiler. - That might be a extra part. Spoiler of some kind? Or just start claiming things are extra parts. I remember when I was a kid, and I would build model cars. This is kind of like that, except it looks like someone came over and dumped out that box and said, "Build me a car." These guys must play Tetris well, whoever packed this. I've already found a place to grab a G35 for cheap. They're actually pretty easy cars to track down. So right now, I'm focusing my attention on a big trade we've got in the works. Mark and I are in the middle of setting up a megadeal that could pay huge dividends for the shop. We're trying to get our hands on a one-of-a-kind replica of a 1960 Plymouth XNR concept car that'll end up being a huge six-figure car when it's done. Even though the car's only half-built, the body alone is so valuable, the owner wants us to give up two vehicles to seal the deal. One is a vintage racer that we already have in storage, and the other is a Dodge Power Wagon, which is not an easy truck to hunt down. You got a '42 Dodge Power Wagon? I personally can't go anywhere near 20. I'm not in a hurry to get rid of it. I think I'm gonna hold out. I'm hoping to get one that runs and drives and isn't all beat to crap. You got a half a truck here, and you're asking the world for the thing. Ideally, I'd like to steal one for around 14 or 15 grand. That's kind of where we need to be to make the XNR trade work in our favor. With a deal like this that has so many moving parts, the numbers have to line up properly. Take my number down. If you're anywhere around the 14-grand neighborhood, uh, drop in, give me a call. - You're wasting my time. - Bye. Thank you. These trucks are tough to get. I got to get away from these Power Wagons for a second, go pick up that Infiniti. Am I in my office talking to myself right now? I guess I am, aren't I? This car is really you, Shawn. It's got that Corporate America, "I'm on my way up" type vibe. "I've been working hard and looking for that promotion." But he didn't get the promotion. What year is this Infiniti? This is an '05. That looks nice. You did a good job getting us a sweet donor car. Okay, I'm done with my work. You guys have fun. So let's get it up on jack stands, get the wheels and tires off of it, and tear everything off without breaking anything. - So be gentle taking it apart. - Yes. Treat it like it was your first bologna sandwich of the day. Yeah, you know how that goes. Grab your tools. This car is basically a high-performance car masquerading as a luxury car. Hey, it kind of remind me of, like, a chop shop right now. Hell, yeah. Get it apart before the cops show up. Yeah, right? The G35 has the exact same drivetrain and wheelbase as a Nissan 350Z, which is a popular car for racing and drifting. Plus, the G35 is compatible with tons of upgraded high-performance parts, which actually makes this car the perfect platform to build a Vaydor on. That's gotta be a record for how fast you can strip a G35. - We're pretty quick at these teardowns. - Right? You turn around and don't look for a minute, - your car's gonna be in pieces. - Right? All right, Caveman. Ready to meet me here early in the morning tomorrow? - Yep. - We're gonna get this car cut up, then we're gonna get these fiberglass panels mounted on it. - Well, cool. - I want to say, "Looks good, guys," but... - It doesn't. - No, it doesn't. You know what? I'm gonna get a beer. - Beer sounds good. - Yeah. We're not taking anything structural off. We're taking off the cosmetics of the G35. So let's get the Sawzall and start cutting. So now it's time to make this Infiniti disappear and transform it into a supercar. Cutting some up, aren't we? Once we've carved up this G35 - and stripped it down to the studs... - And now we have a convertible. ...it's time to reassemble it with all the fiberglass parts. That's where the real challenge begins. There are over 50 pieces... and they all mount in very specific places on the car, so we really have to think this through. When the body is mounted, we're also gonna add Brembo brakes and a fully adjustable air-ride suspension. Those high-end performance parts, super-slick wheels and tires, and a knockout paint job are what are gonna send the value of this Vaydor through the roof. This is where the rebody begins. We don't have a car anymore. Now we have a car-cass. We have a carcass. So the only way for me to get the right deal on a Power Wagon is I got to hit the road and see some of these old trucks in person. I've never been to Dave's place before, but from what I hear, he is the go-to guy when it comes to Dodge Power Wagons. You must be Dave. I am Dave. And this must be Power Wagon heaven. It is. Man, look at this place. You weren't lying when you said you got a ton of Power Wagons. We have a variety, I'll tell you. A nice-running truck - is about 22,000-24,000. - Holy. - What's this one set me back? - Twenty-four five. Twenty-four five. Runs great. I originally had a 15-grand budget for this truck, so I'm getting a little worried about this XNR trade. This is a 1941 model. It's called a weapons carrier, a WC-12. I'm asking 25. - Twenty-five? - Yeah. I didn't realize that these trucks are worth that kind of money. If we're gonna build a Power Wagon and a single-seat racer, when those two vehicles are done, they'll be worth about 90 grand. Let's keep looking at what you got over here. My best guess for the XNR is that we're gonna be able to sell it for somewhere in the $150,000 to $175,000 range. But if it sells for much lower than that, then we're screwed. We're just cutting ourselves too tight. That's why we got to keep the budget as low as possible. Man, I kind of underestimated the value of a Power Wagon. Bottom line is, this is a risky investment for the shop, and it's my job to protect ourselves every step of the way. So I'm just gonna need to put in a little extra work and see if I can find the best deal possible for a Power Wagon. - Thanks, Dave. I appreciate it. - Have a safe trip. Seriously, this is what a Caveman inventory looks like? I laid it all out. What more... "I don't know. Put in back of cave. Get to it later." While Caveman and I mount all the body panels to this Vaydor, I've got Tony over at the water jet cutting me all the mounting brackets I'm gonna need for this project. And Constance is gonna keep inventory on all of the parts that came off the G35, 'cause we're not sure if we're gonna need any of those parts moving forward. There is one thing I know about cars... the metal goes first. Yes, the metal goes first. So the biggest challenge with this car is... - You gotta go over your head. - ...if you don't take each part and put it in the exact right spot in the exact right order, everything is gonna be off. Almost like building a giant model. Kind of what it is. All cars are models. And it doesn't help that some of these parts are unrecognizable. Because it's such a futuristic body style... it's kind of like somebody took apart a Transformer and scattered the pieces on the floor. The problem is, unlike a Transformer, it can't put itself back together. I don't know about door-gap quality, but... Um... You're not supposed to be able to put your hand in there. No. Not at all. - Where's the other door at? - The other door? 'Cause if they're both off, then that means I miscalculated something. Door number one does not like me. Um... that door fits right. And we're square on the car, which is not really good. Like, all joking aside, that means something's not straight. Like I said, if you don't put the parts in order, the car will not go together correctly. Hey, you know what? - That actually looks like a core support. - What's that? Basically, it's an addition to your factory core support. - It's the core support for this body... - For the body... ...not for this car. Normally, the core support is what the radiator is mounted to. Apparently the Vaydor has its own core support that mounts over the core support for the G35. There you go. It's so easy to overlook something this simple because all of the parts are so foreign-looking to me that it was lying on the floor right in front of our faces, and we didn't know it was there. Heh heh. Look at that. And there we have butterfly doors. How cool is that? It's really sick. At least this part of it's done. The body's on it. We have a car again. - Man, that thing's nice. - It looks like a car. Good job. We have a car. - We have a car. - Not a car-cass. Thanks for getting out of the shop there and introducing me to some of your friends here. - Yeah. - I'm telling you, this Vaydor, it's a tough sell. So right now, I'm gonna put my search for the Power Wagon down for a minute and focus all my attention on finding a buyer for the Vaydor, which, up to this point, has been a little tricky. All my typical connections are these old hot-rod guys, and they barely know what this car is. - Have you heard of the Vaydor? - What, like Darth Vader? No, no. No, the Vaydor, the car. That's why I've enlisted Constance to help me out. Yeah, she's the muscle-car girl, but she's also connected to the trendier side of the automotive world. And those are the guys who could help me locate a buyer for the Vaydor. I think it's gonna be a younger, hipper crowd than you're maybe used to dealing with. You know, I can talk to the young guys. - You know... - Yeah? "Heading back to my hizzy for a couple of brew-has. - You know what I'm talking about?" - Do not embarrass me today. Please. - Me? - Yeah. - Hey. - Hey, Constance. What's going on? - I'm Shawn. - Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. - What are we up to today? We're building a car right now. It's called the Vaydor. I don't know if you've heard about that kit. It's a bit of a kit car, right? - Yeah. Yeah, it is. - Yeah. Constance has the connections that have these cool shops that even know about this car, yet have the money. I'm actually looking for a potential buyer for a car called a Vaydor. It's a real niche market, but I could look around. That's the thing about this car. It is a younger, trendier type of car. All your buddies, they gotta love that kind of car. Oh, yeah. I'll hit up my rich-guy Rolodex of people. We'll see what we can make happen for you. Yeah? I have a pretty good feeling something's gonna work out from this 'cause these are the guys that know the potential buyers I'm looking for. Let's find you a buyer. - I love this guy. - I know, right? I gotta meet more of your buddies. And she thought I was gonna embarrass her? Please. I get along with your friends pretty good. Maybe I ought to hang with you more, and we'll go... Ooh, easy there. Man, look what I got. You got stuff to stock, don't you? - Look at that. - Big brake kit. - "Very heavy." - Damn. That's a brake. This little customization is what's gonna make that car very valuable and worth a heck of a lot more money than if it didn't have these giant brakes on it. The biggest high-performance upgrade that we're adding to the Vaydor... That's good. ...is a ginormous set of Brembo brakes. These are the type of brakes that you will find on all high-end supercars. - Tell me that ain't a brake, brother. - Thing is gonna stop. Like nobody's fricking business. Back in the mid '70s, Enzo Ferrari commissioned Brembo brakes... - There we go. - ...to be the exclusive brake on his Formula 1 racing cars. Basically, Brembo is the OG of racing brakes. See how easy it is? So easy a Caveman can do it. We're also gonna add a set of Amani forged wheels... - Those things are sick, dude. - Right? ...and a fully adjustable air-ride suspension. You get one of them fancy controllers for the airbags? Yeah, it's motey-control. Rise, rise, rise! Not only are all these fancy aftermarket parts gonna make this car perform like a supercar... That is pretty cool, man. ...but they're gonna put the price tag right around the 90-grand range. Little bit of bodywork and paint and some reassembly, we got a car. Yeah, and then I say we celebrate. Sure. I'll call Mom up, have her bring us a cake down. Okay. I'm... Sure. I'm never gonna pass up cake. Steele Smith. Hey, Steele. How's it going? This is Shawn at Gotham Garage. - How you doing, buddy? - Good. How's it going? I've exhausted all my resources on this Power Wagon search, and unfortunately, things aren't looking too great. This guy Steele has the best truck I found, but he wants 25 grand for it. Realistically, where are you at on the price on this truck? Twenty-five's just not in my budget right now. I was really looking at somewhere around 15 grand, to be honest with you. You know, a ten-grand difference may not seem like a lot, but this XNR trade is a very complicated deal. I'm firm at 25 right now, 'cause it's-it's so hard to find a super-nice one like it is. I know Mark is dying to get his hands on this XNR, but we're gonna have to have a talk pretty soon, because the numbers on this deal are just not adding up. A Vaydor is a high-end luxury sports car, so it's gonna need a paint job that puts it in the same class as all the big boys. I don't care if you're at the grocery store or doing a buck 85 down the freeway, when this bright-green, metallic, metal-plate car with all that gold bling passes you, jaws are gonna hit the pavement. When we acquired this car as part of that boat deal, no one knew what to expect. What came in as a bunch of fiberglass panels on a wooden pallet is now a one-off supercar. With the way we do business... ...you never know what's around any given turn. And the only way to get through the maze is to the grip the steering wheel and mash the pedal to the floor. This Vaydor is a fricking monster. We added Brembo brakes, Amani forged wheels, custom leather interior... and a paint job that sparkles like a prism in the sun. It takes a lot of work to build a car of this quality. Therefore, Shawn's gonna have to pull up his bootstraps, get at least 85 grand, and put a little bit of money in our pocket. Hello. - Hello. - Hi. Hi. Can I see Michael, please? There's no Michael here. My son is Michael. Sounds like my mom. Hey, Michael, your mom's here! - Hi, darling. - Hi, Mom. Hi, honey. How you doing? Believe it or not, none of us have ever met Caveman's mom. Aw, Mom, you're the best. - Love you. - I love you. Love you so much. I would've thought Caveman's mom looked like Caveman. Not the case. He must look like his dad, 'cause he don't look like his mom. - I didn't know your name was Michael. - Right? Guys, don't give me a hard time. Oh, so now it's Michael. Mom, come here. Wanna see what we got going on? Yeah, I do, darling. So Caveman was officially born as Michael. Michael Vincent Pyle. Michael Vincent Pyle. MVP! - Yeah. - Remember that. MVP. - This guy. - All right? I did buy some forks. - Thank you. - Some forks? I love the accent. What a second. Caveman's mom is British? How did that sweet little British lady make this guy? Where's your accent? 'Cause I was born here. Michael Vincent Pyle. You did not come from that sweet lady. What do you think of our new project? It's called a Vaydor. That is the most fabulous car I've seen ever. Can I drive it? - We could let her sit in it. - We could let her sit in it. I'll sit in it, yeah. - Mom does want a sports car. - Yeah. It's about as sporty a sports car gets. Oh. My. God. - Caveman had a bit to do with it. - Did he? I'm glad. I'm just really proud of Michael. He's always liked tearing things apart, fixing it. I think he gets a sense of accomplishment when it's all done. He's proud. I love it. I love it. I feel like I'm a star. I need champagne now. I promise I won't drive. He was always moving furniture and putting cushions up, making runways for cars. He was a maniac. Not much has changed, really, but just got older. Cars got bigger. What would your girlfriends say if you pulled up in this? They'd want to know who my sugar daddy was. ♪ Big-money car ♪ We got ourselves a big-money car, Marky. This car came out really nice. Thank you. The green just pops. That's the color of money right there. So my little field trip with Constance paid off big time. - Alan, this is Shawn from Gotham Garage. - Yeah? Someone told me you are in the market for a Vaydor. You have my attention. This guy Alan is very intrigued by the car. So my game plan is to get the car in his driveway and see if he likes it enough to dig down in his wallet and start forking out a ton of cash. - Hey, Alan. How's it going? - What's going on? - How you doing? - All right, good. This is Mark. How you doing, Alan? Nice to meet you. - That is truly a one-of-a-kind car. - There ain't gonna be another one like it. - That's for sure. - How about we get it off the trailer? - Let's get it off the trailer... - And let him really enjoy. And then he could absorb it as it's supposed to be seen. Sweet Jesus. So, first reactions from Alan... He loves that car, am I right? I got to admit, he definitely looks like a guy that wants to buy a Vaydor. So basically, we took that Vaydor kit, slammed it down over a G35 platform. It's got huge Brembo brakes on it, front and rear. The interior is all leather. It's white, gold, and green. Yeah. I love the green accents. Why don't you park your ass right inside there and get a feel for it? We're trying to sell you a car. You gotta make sure it fits. - I am 6'4", and it does fit me. - Start it up. I love the gauges over here, too. I know I'm a little biased, but you look good in this. You look like money. Well, you've hit a home run. I think Alan's already in love with this. - I am. - I'm thinking 95 grand... is a killer deal for you, am I right? Ninety-five thousand's a lot of money. Um... How about if we get closer to 80,000? I'm thinking 95 is such a fair price, but everybody likes to negotiate a little bit. I'm gonna go all the way down to 90 grand on this thing. How does, uh... - 85 sound? - You're getting really close. If it's what you want and you're ready to do a deal today, I'm gonna go 87,500, and that's it. That's all we can do. Eighty-seven five sounds good. That's what I like to hear. Let's break this down. We got the Vaydor kit for about 11 grand, and we paid 8,500 for the G35, and with the performance parts and a paint job, we got a little over 42 grand in a fully customized Vaydor. That means at 87,500, we're taking home about 45,000 in profit, which is pretty nice. - Thank you, sir. - Thank you, sir. - Okay, thanks again, Alan. - Thank you. Definitely not a bad deal for a kit that was thrown in on top of a boat deal. Hoo, yeah. Hell, yeah. Alan was frigging stoked. Stoked, dude. That's a really good deal now. We got some money. We can focus on this two-car deal for the XNR. We'll get that little single-seat racer all buttoned up, and then get that Power Wagon, get it in and start working on it. Yeah, the, uh, Power Wagon. Well... You're scaring me now. What are you talking? Well, I found a really nice Dodge Power Wagon for us. It's perfect. It's all original. It's exactly what we'd want. But the guy wants $25,000 for it. I thought we could get an unrestored one for 15 grand, but 25? That's undoable, man. That's not gonna work with this XNR. The money we just got from the Vaydor is just gonna cover bills and overhead on both shops and buying parts to get these two cars together to trade for the XNR. Yeah. You know, as of right now, I'm thinking that this deal is not looking right. This trade with Andy, the owner of the XNR, is one of the biggest deals this shop is ever gonna do. I am not letting this deal slip through my fingers. You know, this XNR... this is a game-changer type of car. This is a "put you on the map" car. So you gonna have to figure this out on your end, pal. You know, a pre-'50s Dodge Power Wagon isn't as cheap as we thought. This deal can't fall through, dude. There's way too much riding on this XNR. If you can't seriously find a Power Wagon for less than 25 grand, then you get on the phone and you call Andy and you tell Andy he's gotta kick down another ten grand. - You want me to call him and ask for cash? - Yeah. I can't imagine he's gonna go for an extra ten grand. Use your imagination there, buttercup, and make it happen. I know Mark wants this deal to go through at all costs, but we already had a deal in principle with Andy, so going back and renegotiating that, I have no idea how this conversation's gonna shake out. I want to see the show. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 