Car Masters: Rust to Riches: Season 2, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Car Masters: Rust to Riches 
 s2e8 - Petersen Built - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Car Masters: Rust to Riches (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 8 - Petersen Built - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Okay, guys. What do you want to do here? I know that, Caveman, you're against it. Tony, you're against it. Constance appears to be onboard. I know you're onboard, and I'm onboard. I have no problems with this. I think it's well worth it, though. There's no bigger honor than the Petersen wanting it in their permanent collection. So we're gonna go out of business with honor? Right? I get where they're coming from. They believed they were gonna get the big six-figure payout we always look for. The immediate shock 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 probably feels like a solid punch in the mouth... especially after everything that's gone on in this shop in the last six months. We started by expanding with the second shop. Gotham Garage West is open for business. Then we have a Buick totally demolished in the parking lot. That led to a failed Mustang trade that left everyone stretched way too thin. Then things started to get back on track. We had a few solid paydays, and eventually we pulled off this massive two-for-one trade for the XNR. So I can understand why this feels like such a giant step backwards, financially. I know this is a huge hit, but I've already been down this road. I know how this road ends. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 That Mach 5 that I put in the Petersen Automotive Museum put me on a road to where I'm standing right now. What that Mach 5 did for me, this is gonna do for Gotham Garage. If this car doesn't go there, it'll be one of those moments you look back at your life and go, "I should've been able to say that I put my hands on a car that was in the Petersen Automotive Museum." Everything you're saying makes sense, but how are we gonna make it work financially? We're living on credit already. I just don't feel like we're in a situation that we can just give this away and keep the shop open, keep the bills paid, keep everyone getting what they need to get by. Money's an issue here. We've all been sacrificing the last few months over this. How we gonna line our pockets so we could all get by? There are real-world implications that go along with this decision. It's the fear of, "Where's my next paycheck coming from? How am I gonna pay my mortgage? How am I gonna put food in my refrigerator so I can put food on the table for my family?" At the end of the day... financially, it falls on me again. That's why I'm all in because I know I get to suck up the financial burden between now and when we get paid again. Now it's time for Shawn and I to step up. We have our cash reserves, and if we have to float them a little money between now and when we get this XNR done and donated to the Petersen, then so be it. That's the cost of doing business. So, are you on board? You know what? Let's take the next one. Let's go for it. - Hallelujah. - Tony. - Uh... - Can't do it without you. No pressure. At this point, I don't want to be the guy that ruins it for everybody else. You know, I'm with you guys. - Is that a hundred percent? - I'm a hundred percent. Let's ride this train, see where it ends. - I like the sound of that. - Let's get this car together. Now the big urgency on this thing is not to make it perfect. It's to make it flawless. It better smell like the original car. Now we get into the interior, so we got to put the seats in it. There's something crazy about the seats. The passenger seat is four inches lower - than the driver's seat... - Really? ...which I'm sure has something to do with this tonneau cover. - They're all gonna be 12 x 12 square. - Mm-hmm. One of 'em, the risers is gonna be one inch tall, and then one of 'em, the riser is gonna be five inches tall. - Got that, Caveman? You're the cut man. - All right, let's do this. - All right, cowboy, make your cuts. - Cowboy cuts coming. And here we go. On a museum-quality car, the work needs to be extra-precise. It's on display at one of the world's largest automotive museums. The amount of eyeballs that are gonna be on this car, the amount of critics that are gonna look at this car... It's gonna be underneath a microscope. - Hey, Caveman. - Huh? - How much tube do we have? - Fifty-eight inches. We need about 39 inches with all the cuts in between. - That was some quick math. - That was quick. Every now and then, Caveman just like sees the numbers fall... I didn't know that Caveman knew math that well. - Hey, Caveman. - Yeah. - What's pi? - Three-point-one-four. On a normal build, you can build the parts for the right side, and then fabricate them for the left side because they're identical. Is this hot, Tony? It's a little warm. With the XNR, the car is asymmetrical, meaning that the right side looks nothing like the left side. You would think front fenders are the same. They're not. You would think the rear quarter panels are the same. They're not. You would think the bumper would be the same. It's not. It's very difficult to do an asymmetrical car. Basically, cakes and hot dogs, and then you got to put 'em together where the bread meet. Well, nice job. Two seats installed. So now that that's done, we still got gauges, exhaust, the grille. Shawn needs to track us down a period-correct intake manifold, and Tony needs to waterjet the wheels, so let's get back to work. I've programmed all the XNR parts into the waterjet, so now it's time for the machine to get to work and start cutting. I'm building a custom grille, custom gauges, and side-pipe exhaust. But when it comes to cutting the wheels, that's where things get a little bit more complicated. The waterjet traditionally cuts two-dimensional shapes on a flat surface, but the wheels for the XNR are three-dimensional, so I had to program the waterjet to follow that curved three-dimensional surface and create the XNR wheel so it would match the original. That's the only way that we could recreate these wheels from scratch. This is the XNR exhaust kit. - Damn, Tony, you been busy! - Just like the picture. - Amazing you could do this from a picture. - Right? - You want to put the grille on? - Sure. You said "grille," Caveman started drooling. - Yeah. - Not that kind of grill. I thought we were cooking with gas. Hee hee. This is all 5/8 stainless, and then Tony waterjetted it all out. - Yeah. - This came out pretty cool. The XNR has the asymmetrical design, and everything favors the driver's side. Virgil Exner designed the side pipes to run down the driver's side and match the lines of the car. You don't usually see dual side-pipe exhausts on a six cylinder. And then this covers up our mufflers. On a normal hot rod with side pipes, you'd have the exhaust running down both sides of the car. So this is another super-unique feature to this car. - That looks good. - No, that looks awesome. Virgil Exner was a huge photography buff. The cool thing about all these gauges - is they were inspired by camera parts. - Oh, wow. Virgil integrated the design of a camera lens into the gauge bezel. But they don't make these gauges anymore. Fortunately, Shawn went on the interwebs and found the gauges that we were missing. But Tony had to take these gauges completely apart and then machine the actual bezel that sits over the face of each particular gauge. That looks pretty badass in there. This is the perfect example of how much detail we have to put into every single piece of this car. So what do you guys think? Is this museum-quality? That's exactly what the museum is looking for. People are gonna look at that and go, "Where in the hell did they find that?" That looks really cool, Tony. Originally, we thought we had all the time in the world to get this car done. But now the unveiling is just two weeks away. We have a lot to do, and I still gotta track down a very rare part. So right now, I am on the hunt for the correct intake manifold for this Plymouth XNR. This car needs to be a hundred percent historically accurate, and if we don't hunt down the exact parts we need, it could cause a huge setback. We can't afford that right now, so I'm going to this guy Rick's place. He's built a lot of these old Slant Sixes, and I guess he's got one laying around. Rick's a bit of a hermit, and I guess he's got everything scattered all over the place, so it looks like I'm gonna get a little dirty today. - You must be Rick. - Yep. - Shawn. How you doing? - Glad to meet you. So, uh, I'm here for that intake manifold. - Yeah, it's around here somewhere. - Can we have a little look? - I think it's back in my old shed here. - Oh, yeah? So you're thinking probably somewhere in here? Yeah. Ah. - Man. - Hmm. - Oh, boy. - I see you're pretty organized here, Rick. Yeah, right. I see a couple things right... What? No. No, just... Just carburetors. We're getting closer. I admit our shop's a bit of a mess, but this guy takes unorganized to another level. This is like a scavenger hunt. This better be worth it, 'cause I'm starting to feel like I'm in Caveman's closet looking for a stray chicken bone. How about back here? There's toilet paper in this car. - I don't think I'll go in that one. - Yeah, I'd leave that one alone. - This a home brew? - Yeah. Here's some engine parts over here. This is all my scrap metal. There's a rare intake right there. Huh. This looks like it's gonna be a little longer hunt than I anticipated. Yeah, it's probably in the shop. Look at that intake sitting there. Doesn't belong there, but there it is. So that's what we're up against? It could be anywhere? Pretty much. You bring new meaning to the word "self-serve." Would it be in the beer fridge? - No. - Can we get a beer? I hate to say it, but it might be up there. - The, uh, Dust Bowl? - Yeah. If I came all the way out here and got my boots dirty for nothing... Believe it or not, that's organized. - This is your organized area? - Yeah. It could take me weeks to find another intake, and we just don't have that type of time right now. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Holy crap. Rick... - There it is. - Is that it? - That'd be it. - Coming down. This exactly what I'm looking for, and just happened to find a couple other little, uh, goodies that go along with it... - What are those? - Plymouth emblems. Kinda might have to go with the intake, am I right? Yeah. I have no use for 'em. I didn't know I had 'em. Just make me a fair offer, and I'll say yea or nay. - Five bucks. - Five bucks? That's a nay. That's a nay. - Five hundred bucks with the emblems? - Sure. Got a deal. Thank you very much. Rick, if you need your shop dusted, just give me a call back. I'll come back and dust it again. You got a deal. Ha ha ha. Ooh, I come bearing gifts. Goldilocks is here. - Check this out. - What do you got? The elusive intake manifold for this thing. - More sugar for the engine? - More sug... - This is really super hard to find. - I bet. Talk about a good deal. 500 bucks. I got this, and they threw in a couple of emblems we can put on this. Oh, look at you. I think that this is actually a pretty good deal because I didn't even know you could find a six cylinder with a four-barrel carburetor intake manifold. - For a Plymouth. - That's right. It's not even for a Ford or a Buick. It's like that weird motor. He's trying to say you did a good job. He doesn't want to say that. - I'm not saying that out loud. - It's a harmonica for a bigmouth like you. Okay, I'm done. See you. - All right, let's get this on. - Check this out. First, we're gonna swap out the old Valiant intake manifold with a more powerful intake and a four-barrel carburetor, just like the original XNR. Okay, there's two. The XNR was built by Plymouth to compete with other two-seater roadsters of the time, like the Corvette and the Falcon. So they took the original Valiant Slant Six, and they added this intake and four-barrel carb. So not only will this car have all the cosmetic details that will make it exact on the outside, it'll also be museum quality and period-correct under the hood. It's pretty cool that this car is going to the Petersen, but it just sucks that we're not getting paid for our work. It's bigger than you think it is, but you watch, when we donate this car, and on that day, you'll be like... "Oh, I get it." It's definitely worth giving it up. Think of it like an upgrade in trade that we're trading this to them for the potential for ten more cars. Yeah. "I would gladly pay you Tuesday for a hamburger today." - It's one of those... - That's kind of how it works. It's a very Wimpy situation. I'm not gonna leave everybody high and dry. I know what this means, and I know it's money coming out of everybody's wallet. I'm not gonna let that happen. Every cloud has a silver lining. I just haven't found the silver lining yet. There we go. Somebody had to do it. Clearly, everyone is getting stretched thin. Even though we floated them a little cash to cover their expenses... There it is. ...it pales in comparison to getting a big six-figure payday on the XNR. Everyone is giving their all to get this car done for the betterment of the shop. Somehow Shawn and I are gonna have to come up with a plan to make this right. - With a little bada-bing, bada-boom. - It looks way nicer. It looks a little more original, looks a little more "race car." So, we are just about ready to start doing bodywork and get this thing ready to go to paint. All right, cool. Cool. The Petersen unveiling is right around the corner, and we still have a ton left to do. But on a museum-level car, the bodywork and the paint have to be perfect from any angle. This car is forever gonna be under lights. Any imperfection in it is gonna stand out like a sore thumb, so we need to bodywork the car, and then we need to bodywork the car again. We have to keep bodyworking the car until the car is perfectly flat and smooth. Once the paint lays down on top of the bodywork, this car needs to be as smooth as glass. For this concept car, Virgil Exner wanted to make a statement. And you can't make a bolder statement than painting a car red. The thing about Plymouth is they only had one color red back then. I'll use that color to make the same bold statement that Virgil Exner made back in 1960. Oh. Man, look at that. Race-car red? It's 1960 Valiant red. Only color red Plymouth made. That's the color the car was. It's starting to look like a car. First, I need you and Tony to get the car on jacks, get the wheels and tires off it. Well, it looks like you guys got this under control. - I think I'll get out of your hair... - You're not going anywhere, buttercup. What do you mean, I'm not going anywhere? Here's another one. You are gonna sand this down, and then you're gonna polish it all up, and it's gonna look like a gem. I got a lot of work to do in the office... By the way, they put a plaque on the car, and they tell you who built it. - Oh, yeah? - Well, they're gonna put one next to this. - So... - If you want your name on the plaque, put your big-boy pants on. Your name is now Buffy. There's rubber gloves in the back cabinet if you need 'em. If he takes as much pride in this as he does his hair... - Yeah. - ...we're gonna have a gorgeous car. First off, we were gonna put Shawn's name on the plaque anyways, but I'm not gonna tell him that. Whoa. Let's get this party started. Is that your milk truck outside the door? I'm using the lure of putting his name on the plaque to bring his skills to the table to help us cut and rub the car. "Cut and rub" means sanded and polished, and it can screw a paint job up in the snap of a finger. Shawn has tons of experience doing this. He's worked in body shops since he was a kid. Let's be honest with each other. He's not all there. He's got a hole in his marble bag, but it takes a hole in your marble bag to be that meticulous to make it perfect. I'm doing it old school by hand over here. With some of these curves, you can't get too crazy with the pneumatic tools. - Let's put those new wheels on. - How many hours you got into these? Days. In my opinion, the wheels on the XNR are the real showstopper. Every wheel by itself has more than 50 individual pieces. I probably have a whole day just in welding together those caps. That looks like something right out of the '60s. Definitely. I think old Virgil would be proud of you. Now that I get to step back, see the wheels on the car, that is definitely the part that I'm the most proud of. Tony did an exceptional job of cutting out all the pieces of this car and scrutinizing every part. You could hold up any one of these parts next to the original, and it would look like the reflection in a mirror. Everybody's been busting their tails off on this car to get it ready for the Petersen event, but since this car might not ever see the asphalt again, I'm not gonna let her sit inside that museum without a memory. I'm gonna take this old girl out on the road for her maiden voyage, the way she was intended to be driven and what she was built for. Driving this car is like going back in time. It's like being in a time capsule. It feels like driving down the streets of L.A. in 1960. This car was designed by a legendary car designer. Back then, car designers were master architects. Every line tells a story. Every detail tells a story. They designed cars as if they were a canvas, a piece of art. In a way, we built this car to pay homage to those guys of that era... like Virgil Exner. It's only fitting that this car will be on display for every gearhead to appreciate. It takes a lot of people to make something this big happen, and for me, it's really cool to have your name on a car in this building. I'm just 20 feet into the door, and there's, like, some pretty big-name builders in this room. Look. Mr. Barris. You could tell everything Barris does. He puts that badge on the side of it. Pretty cool. Now there's a real car guy's car. That is one badass Cadillac. Boyd's got multiple cars in this building. These are the guys that I follow. I follow guys like Boyd and Barris. I'm just the next generation of following what these guys did in their era and just what car guys do... we all follow each other, and we just try to keep the dream alive. Jeez, it's been a long time since I seen this car. I built this car 20 years ago, and it's now sitting in the Petersen Automotive Museum. That's pretty cool to see it again. It's been a lot of years. It's like a long-lost child. I grew up in a trailer park. I grew up with nothing. Who would've thought a kid that dives in dumpsters making toys... would have two cars at the Petersen Automotive Museum? You can do anything you want to do. You just got to struggle, but you... Eventually you'll get there. Someday, some kid is gonna refer to me the same way I look at the builders that I respected growing up. Which is pretty cool. I always-always wanted to be like those guys, and now I am. Somebody loves it so much, they took one of my knock-offs. I guess now it's time to go downstairs and get that XNR and give her a new home. All right. All right, get that door down. Let's get this car out of here. And away we go! Whoo-ee! Hey, back it up. Yeah, baby. Yeah! - There it is. - Looks so good. Look at that. Getting to the Petersen was a long, unexpected journey for the shop, and everybody in the shop sacrificed a lot to get here. That thing is sexy. - Now this is a museum piece. - Right? Yeah, baby. Here we go. It's got a new home. Now we're here at the Petersen together, looking at the fruits of our labor. - Sits in the middle of the room! - Look at that. - That's beautiful. - This is where this car really belongs. I feel like it was meant to be here. It got some history sitting around it, for sure. Seeing this car parked in the Petersen, under the lights, I think it's all starting to sink in now how big of a deal this really is. Do we need to do anything more to the car or get it dolled up for the event tonight? No, you guys are good. We have a team that'll detail the car. We'll get it prepped for the show. Thank you so much. I look forward to see you tonight at the event. And in just a few hours, this car will officially be in the Petersen's permanent collection. You know, it doesn't get any better than this. - No, you're gonna walk over here first. - Over here first. What do you see on there? I see your name. - I see it! - That's cool. I like that. I gotta get a picture of that. Nobody's ever gonna believe... Look. Right? Who's Caveman? I knew I should've worked harder. I could've got higher up on the plaque. The only thing that could possibly compete with this is Caveman. - You look sharp, buddy. - Right? Oh, I wanted to look my best for the special event we have with the XNR. I would've never thought in two million years that this would ever happen to me. I feel like I won the lottery. So there's a plaque. I guess we're really not selling this car. This is worth more than money. We've been working our ass off to get this car looking absolutely perfect. This is the place people come to scrutinize cars. Look around. These are some of the most respected people in the car business. I don't know what the reaction is gonna be to this car, but you can't help but be a little nervous. Hello, everybody. I'm Leslie Kendall. I am the chief historian of the Petersen Automotive Museum. I want to thank you all for your support by being here tonight. I can't believe what we have here beside us. An exact representation of the XNR. Mark, I'd like to introduce you right now. - Thank you very much. - Not at all. First off, it's an honor and a privilege to have a car in this museum. I'd like to thank my crew: Tony, Caveman, Shawn, Constance. This car was like a labor of love. For everyone involved in Gotham Garage, this is a dream come true. My hat's off to you guys for giving it up and letting me donate this car to this museum so that our legacy goes on. Now I'm gonna introduce your new car to you. - Tony. - This is it. - Shawn. This is Virgil Exner's XNR. - Drum roll, please. - Heh heh. It looks... - Yeah! Look at that beautiful ride! Everyone enjoy it. Come up, take a look at it. Come on down! Don't be shy! - Come look at it! - Take a look at this! Walk around, take a look. Enjoy it. That's amazing, though. It really is. Thank you. Thank you. - What a nice job. - Thank you. I really appreciate that. Anybody that can do work like that... It's next to impossible, I would say. The cockpit looks gorgeous. The rims are just really ultra-neat. It's made for a driver. That's what it is. It's just simply made for a driver. This car was all about the exterior shape, all about the contours, all about the asymmetry. Obviously you don't see anything like this on the road now. You'd have to have a certain level of insanity to be willing to take on a project like that. I think it's amazing that they were willing to take that on. When I was growing up, George Barris was king. If you had any work done at Barris, that was the ultimate. This, I think, is equivalent, if not better than... George Barris. - So, like, you just drive it around? - Yeah, that's what we do. We build cars, and then we drive 'em around. This is why we do what we do, and this is what makes what we do worth all of the strife. Now the crew can take a breath, stand around and enjoy the moment. It would've been nice if they had used or modified a stock hubcap, but almost every piece of that was just created from scratch. Originally, I thought the best move for the shop was to sell the car, to cash in. But now that we're here, it's so satisfying to get that response. It really just makes all of it worthwhile. Every piece has its own entire process that goes into it. I'm looking forward to the experience where I get to bring my family here. It's a really big deal to be able to have some legacy and share that with my family. - Great accomplishment. - Thank you very much. Appreciate that. Great night. Everybody loves the car. I want you all to meet me at the shop in the morning because I have a big surprise for all of you guys. - This better be a good one. - It's a good one. - I was taking the day off after this. - Come on. Last night was pretty cool. That was incredible, and the Petersen is something to see. They got one of everything in there. Now they even have an XNR. When you have a crew that makes sacrifices for the shop, you have to do something to make them whole. Hey, guys. - How are you feeling today? - I'm feeling good. You have to take care of the people that take care of you. Goldilocks. This is gonna fix the problem. - We came in early for a Valiant? - We just got rid of one. The reason why we got this little gem is because I know that giving up that car last night was tough, so let's show 'em what they've won. - You know what that is? - I'm confused. It's the original fiberglass mold for the XNR. We are going to pull another XNR body out of that mold, and we are going to cut this car apart, and we are gonna just do a redo of what we just gave to the Petersen. How did all this come together? When Andy, the owner of the XNR, came out, I asked him if he wanted to sell this mold. I think I would definitely consider it. There's a deal to be had in the future. - Let's make something happen. - Awesome. Andy could only sell this mold to a couple of shops, 'cause only a couple of shops have the capability to actually build this car. So Shawn and I emptied our cash reserves and bought this mold off of him. Then we got the mold shipped here... - Thanks, Andy. - All right. So now we have all the components that we need to build a second XNR. Shawn's got enough guys that were so interested in that car from 175 to 210, we could sell this car the second we're done with it. All you got to do is build another car we already know how to build. So what do you guys think? It's funny that the silver liner here is "more work." - Right? - But you know what? This makes a lot of sense, and I think we'll get right back on top real quick. We're gonna be able to build this car so fast. Let's go ahead and bust out the tools and get this car started. Plasma cutter and Sawzall. Sawzall and plasma! Putting the XNR in the Petersen Automotive Museum will pay off. It may not pay off tomorrow, it may not pay off next week, but it is gonna pay off. In the meantime, they will get that big payday, and if Shawn thinks for one second he's not gonna to cut and rub this car, I will staple his foot to the floor and make him polish that car with just his apron on. I'm ready for that payday. Let's go. I want to see the show. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 