Silk: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Silk 
 s2e4 - Episode #2.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Silk (2011–2014): Season 2, Episode 4 - Episode #2.4 - full transcript 
 Martha defends Michael Ward,a security van driver accused of neglect and manslaughter when claustrophobic prisoner Richard Doyle has a panic attack and dies in transit. Reader is frustrated when Fatima refuses to plead self defence and when Cowdrey and Martha overrule him in appointing young ex-copper Daniel Lomas as his pupil over the pretty girl he preferred. However Daniel proves a great help to Martha in discrediting the prosecution's star witness and winning her case. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 GEORGE: Fatima Ali. The brother tried to calm her down, and she lashed out at him with a broken bottle, he bled to death. I've secured her a place in a woman's refuge as of this morning. CLIVE: Blimey, Marth. Never a good idea to sleep with a colleague. I need you to tell me everything. And for it always to be true. CW. Martha Costello. Are you looking to move? Well, I'm bloody lonely. I want a friend. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Prosecute, and you'll walk into silk. Non-disclosure of evidence is as serious as it gets. See you in front of the Bar Standards Board. This is the end of your career, Reader. Mr Doyle... Agreeing to drive the getaway car in an armed robbery when you had yet to master the intricacies of a manual gearbox marks the nadir of your criminal career to date. I sentence you to eight years' imprisonment. (CRYING) (CAR HORN) MAN: (MUFFLED) What the bloody hell? (PANTING) (PANTING) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The prosecution's case hangs on two things: the Prisoner Escort Record form, and the pathologist's report. Do you know how many prisoners develop claustrophobia when it's time to get in the van? A fair few, I'm sure. He told them at the court he had panic attacks. But there was no doctor's note to back it up. And nothing on the form about a heart condition. Because the arrhythmia was only diagnosed post-mortem. Exactly. So there was no way I could've known about it. Yeah, but you did know about the panic attacks. And when you heard Doyle was in distress... He didn't sound distressed. They have a witness, and she claims she heard him calling for help. Yeah, well, quite frankly, that's bollocks, if you'll pardon my French. She couldn't have heard anything from outside that van. When you're dealing with an escape situation, you keep the van locked. It's basic common sense. And that's what they trained you to do? That's right. I did what I was supposed to. So to say I was negligent... (WARD SIGHS) 30 years I was in the force. 20 of those as a custody sergeant, and not one blot on my copybook. Now look at me. Jake? Inventory. What? For the insurance. Right. BILLY: Ah! Mr Reader, sir! Hope you don't mind, your room's temporarily out of bounds. What? Miss Costello needed somewhere private for her con. Corporate manslaughter against a private security company. It's a landmark case. Only if they lose. Anyway, she's for the guard, not the company, isn't she? Still, seeing as you'll be in interviews all day... What, Martha's not doing the pupillage interviews? Otherwise engaged, sir. But don't worry, she and Mr Cowdrey should find time to meet with the shortlist later. Once you've sorted the wheat from the chaff, so to speak. Seriously, Billy, if you've had anything else come in last minute? Not a thing, sir. Anyway, you've got your plea and case management coming up for Miss Duggan, haven't you? Wouldn't want anything to clash with that, now, would we, sir? No. -Oh, oh... -Steady. -Thanks. -Martha Costello? -Roland Elliott. -Oh! -You're for V&R? -Mmm. We seem to be under surveillance. -Maybe they're worried we'll hotwire the van. -(ROLAND CHUCKLES) Would you mind going inside and banging on the wall for me? Sure. Do you want me inside the cubicle? Please. And could you shout as loud as you can? ROLAND: (EXTREMELY MUFFLED) Hello. Can you hear me? Hello? (EXTREMELY MUFFLED SPEAKING) -Is it okay to come out now? -Yes, thanks. Personally, I wouldn't want to spend 10 minutes in one of those. Mmm. Don't get caught, then. I feel my strengths particularly lie in the area of communication. Would it be the driver of the car? Er, no, no, no... The, um... Er, the passenger who bought the alcohol. I enjoy...talking to people. I...find I'm able to... get my point of, uh... View...across...pretty well. Oh, no, maybe the pedestrian? Er... Sorry. (WHISPERING) Could you repeat the question? What one thing do I wish I'd invented? Uuuuuummmmm... Windows. Uh...penicillin? Sorry. Actually, can I change my mind? The Kalashnikov. (VOCALISES GUNSHOT SOUND) (DOOR OPENS) (SOBBING) Shit... Billy? Sorry, sir. I'll need to, um, call you back with the, uh, details. He got in a cab. -East or west? -Uh, east. Mr Cowdrey, sir, just to let you know that the papers have come in for the Watling case. If you need me to bike... Of course, of course. Well, they'll be here when you're done. Okay, bye. What did he say? Dentist. But he's not? You don't go east to get to Harley Street, Jake. -Think it's her? -Oh, yeah, it's her. -Which means that this, right now, is the golden hour. -Right. A chat with a senior junior could be something or nothing, but... A meeting with the head of chambers... That is a statement of intent. So... If? I'd say a favourable response would be extremely likely. No dissent amongst the lower orders? Big, bad prosecutor coming to ruffle all those defence feathers? It's a good time to redress the balance... Because I'd need to be sure of feeling the love in the clerks' room. I've seen the alternative. Missing briefs, diary conflicts... Eventually, the work dries up. I promise you, Caroline, you'll feel nothing but love. Is that a personal guarantee, Alan? It's certainly a professional one. I can work with that. In which case, I'll arrange a meet with senior members. -Very discreetly, of course. -WAITER: Sir. You'll make your formal application. Should be done and dusted by the quarterly exec meeting. Till then? Mum's the word. Marvellous. (SIGHS) Uh, Leila George? It's just up there. So, Daniel, you were with the police for five years and during the last two, you were also studying for your CPE? That's right. Can't have been easy. (EXHALES) Well, no. But I, I joined the service straight out of university. Um, went down the fast-track route, and then discovered I was more interested in the law than... Than career progression. Once I realised that, I did what I had to to make it happen. CLIVE: You've got to be kidding. Well, he's the most interesting of the bunch. He's got life experience. He's got self confidence... He's so earnest and humourless. All that "I did what I had to do", it was... Oh, I'm sorry if he didn't crack enough jokes for you, Clive, but I think focus and ambition are a little bit more important. What do we think of the girl? Leila? -I thought she was excellent. -Oh, here we go. She's bright, articulate. Loads of relevant work experience. What? More relevant than five years in law enforcement? You're not even having a pupil. I'm the one who's got to live with who we choose. I rather think that makes the decision somewhat easier. (SIGHS) Cheer up. It's only for six months. Yeah, well, six months can feel like a really long time. Spoken like the true king of commitment. How is George, by the way? -She's fine, thanks. -Mmm. In fact, she's better than fine. Mmm! Well, just wait till she hears your new pupil's an ex-copper. (CROWD SHOUTING) Good morning. Have you seen Alasdair McKinley in action before? No, I haven't. Well, brace yourself. You will hear how this distressed young man shouted repeatedly for help. Passers-by heard him. They even attempted to intervene. But it was only when it was too late, when an ominous silence had fallen and the victim was past help, that Michael Ward finally opened the door to find Richard Doyle dead in his cubicle. This was a breach of the most basic duty of care. Michael Ward not only failed to come to his aid, he actively prevented anyone else from doing so. Now, the defence are going to quote you statistics about the chances of resuscitation. They will try to cast doubt as to whether the paramedics could have saved Richard's life had they been called sooner. And they will tell you repeatedly that at all times, Ward was following V&R Security's established protocols. But the fact remains, at the point when Richard Doyle, scared and in pain, shouted for help, Michael Ward's actions deprived him of any chance of survival. And what is his excuse for those actions? He was only following orders. Now, where have we heard that before? -(KNOCKING AT DOOR) -CLIVE: Yes? Mr Reader? -The clerks said I... -"Clive", not "Mr Reader". You're a pupil, not a clerk. Right. You need to be here by 8:00 every morning. I like my coffee white, one sugar. You do exactly as you're told. You watch, you listen and you speak when spoken to. Got it? Sure. Right. I'll be out for a couple of hours. So, um... I don't know. Sit there and...think about how lucky you are to be here. (DOOR CLOSES) Hmph. Long QT syndrome is one of the more common forms of cardiac arrhythmia. It's also the one most frequently linked with Sudden Adult Death Syndrome. Could you explain how you diagnosed this condition, Professor Nyman? NYMAN: In the absence of an alternative cause of death, I applied a diagnostic score system whereby points are assigned for a variety of factors. Such as? One example would be congenital deafness. In this case, the deceased had no hearing in his left ear. Another factor would be the previous, unexpected death of a family member. Again, the deceased had an uncle who'd died suddenly several years before. So Richard Doyle appeared to fit the profile? NYMAN: Absolutely. So what conclusion did you reach about the cause of death? I believe that the stress of being locked for an extended period of time in a cramped cubicle caused a fatal arrhythmic attack. That's what killed him. MCKINLEY: Thank you, Professor Nyman. -(WHISPERS INDISTINCTLY) -Yeah. (CLEARS THROAT) Professor Nyman... Isn't it true that Richard Doyle was a binge-drinker who was receiving treatment for cirrhosis of the liver, yet he... He never told his doctor about these so-called palpitations? (SNIFFS) Well, not so far as I'm aware but he did mention them to the prisoner custody officer. MARTHA: Oh, but... But even so, I mean, how could Mr Ward have known that these were the signs of a potentially fatal condition? If he'd responded to the attack, it would have quickly become apparent. Isn't an undiagnosed arrhythmia dangerous because it could kill you at any time? That's correct. So, if that's what killed him, Richard Doyle could just as easily have died at home, in his bed or, or watching the TV? In theory, it's possible. So you can't actually link the stress of being left in the back of the van with this alleged arrhythmic attack? On the contrary. The deceased had only complained of experiencing symptoms in situations he considered stressful. To suggest that it was a coincidence that he was locked in a cubicle the size of a coffin when he had a fatal attack is frankly preposterous. Okay. So even if he did have an attack, and it was brought on by stress, can you categorically say that calling the ambulance 20 minutes earlier would have saved his life? No, I can't. But I can say that calling it after he'd died was definitely too late. I was about to cross at the lights, when these two blokes just popped up through the skylights and legged it towards the flyover. I mean, I couldn't believe it. And how did the officers in the van respond? Well, they were just sat there like sacks of potatoes. And so I shouted, "You know, they're getting away!" And then they jumped out pretty smartish. MCKINLEY: What happened next? Well, there was this banging coming from the back of the van, and I heard a man's voice saying, "Let me out, let me out, help me." And how did the defendant, Michael Ward, respond? He just stood there. And how long did this go on for? MRS LLOYD: Well, at least five minutes. And then, suddenly... It was quiet. -(MOUTHING) -MRS LLOYD: (EXHALES) And then I knew. I knew something wasn't right. -Uh, uh your Honour... -Just keep to the facts, please, Mrs Lloyd. Were you standing on the pavement? -That's right. -And did you stay on the pavement? Well, yeah. I mean, I'm not going to stand in the middle of a busy road, am I? MARTHA: So you were, say, what then? 10 feet away? About that. See, Mrs Lloyd, these vans have double-thickness panels in the walls. In fact, they're so soundproof that, well, as you told us, Mr Ward and his colleague initially didn't hear the prisoners escaping. So how do you expect us to believe that you could hear exactly what Doyle was saying from that distance? I know what I heard. I heard that boy dying. (SOBBING) (CLEARS THROAT) Mrs Lloyd, I suggest, from that distance of 10 feet, given the weather and the traffic, it would have been impossible to hear what someone was saying inside that van, no matter how loud they shouted. Well, maybe I've got better hearing than most. (CLEARS THROAT) WARD: She's lying. And you just let her. I know she is. I pushed as hard as I could but I can't accuse a witness of perjury unless I can prove it. They believed every word. The most convincing witnesses are the ones who believe they are right. Now, whether they are or not, that's not the point. Then put me up there, and I'll tell 'em. He never called for help. He called me a this, that and the other and told me to open the doors but he never called for help. And he didn't just suddenly go quiet. I banged on the side and told him to pipe down. The trouble is, we only have your word against hers. Do you think I'd have left that lad in there -if I thought he was in trouble? -That's not what I'm saying. Because rules or no rules, I'd have had him straight out and sod the guidelines. Wouldn't be the first time. You've ignored the guidelines in the past? I didn't say that. Don't you start putting words in my mouth. I know how you lot work. Mr Ward, I am not trying to trip you up. But they're making out that you followed the rulebooks regardless of the consequences. Yeah, 'cause I'd have lasted 20 years in a custody suite if that's how I did things. What about now? What matters is the company's standing by me because I stuck to their rules, which, in this case, is exactly what I did. But if there's a problem with the way V&R do things, then I need to know. I never said there was a problem. Mr Ward, I can't do my job if I don't have the full picture. Your job is to represent me. And I've told you what I want. Fatima... It's true. He's dead because of me. I understand you feel responsible for what happened to your brother. But that doesn't make you guilty of murder. (CLIVE SIGHS) If you plead guilty at this stage, that'll be it. We won't even have a chance to give your side of the story. I really need you to work with me here. She just needs time. Which we don't have to give her. Seriously, George. I don't know what else I can do. I know you believe in her but if she won't give me anything else to go on... She's just starting to trust you. You can't bail on her now. No. God, of course not. Because I'm really counting on you here. I'm just frustrated, that's all. I'll think of something. Good. See you later. (CROWD CHATTER) I reckon 25. No, he's got to be older than that. I'd say at least 30. Not bad looking, though. Hmm. You reckon? (LAUGHING) Who do you think you are? What's the occasion? Drinks for our new pupil. Seriously? Seemed the least we could do after you abandoned him. I didn't abandon him. Don't take it out on Daniel because you couldn't get your own way. It's just petty... And frankly it makes you look like a tosser. I had a con with a very scared, a very devout Muslim client. She isn't comfortable being in the same room as me, let alone some bloke she's never even met before. -I didn't know. -Oh, well... How did it go? Terrible. George is convinced she's going to open up eventually, but I'm not so sure. You've got to find a way to make her feel safe. You want her to share stuff with you, you've got to share something with her first. -Like what? -(SIGHS) Well, I don't know, Clive. You've... You must've had a dog that died, or... Or a nanny that got sacked for stealing the silver. Do we still have to call him "Sir" even though he's just a pupil? Oh, yeah. Yeah, always. It's like this rule. And you're not supposed to talk to them anyways. Not unless it's about... Work. Or parking. Right. DANIEL: Well, it's a pretty big deal, isn't it? Having a company in the dock for manslaughter? Well, except the only person actually in the dock is my client. Meanwhile, the company gets to hide behind 300 pages of employee guidelines. -Hmm. Sounds familiar. -Mmm. You ever read Code C of the codes of practice? -For custody officers? -Mmm-hmm. -Once or twice. -Mmm-hmm. Will you miss being a police officer? No. Wasn't for me. I could see the appeal, being part of something bigger. Knowing the other guys have got your back. I think that's what ex-coppers miss the most. The support network. But no. Thank you. Your room has a lock, doesn't it? Best not. Might end up with the pupil joining us. I'm game if you are. -I'll get my bag. -(CLIVE EXHALES) Ready? Yeah. CLERK: All rise. WRIGHT: There was a bit of a hold-up when we got to the van. But he was just asking how far it was, because he was worried about his mum getting there for visits. MCKINLEY: So did Richard Doyle seem reluctant to get in? WRIGHT: Not really. But the other blokes were getting wet, so there was a bit of pushing and shoving. So he wasn't reluctant, but had to be pushed into the van? No. The step gives way a bit, and it was slippery, so he sort of stumbled and fell against the door. But he was fine when I locked him in. MCKINLEY: And during the escape, what state was Richard Doyle in then? WRIGHT: I don't know. I was chasing the other guys. Didn't even know if he was still in the van. MCKINLEY: And when you finally returned, having failed to recapture the escapees, what state was he in then? Er... He was dead. And at all times, you were following the guidelines laid down by V&R Security? Yes. MCKINLEY: Thank you, Mr Wright. Mr Wright... The employee's handbook states, does it not, that officers should err on the side of caution when dealing with vulnerable prisoners? By which they mean those with pre-existing physical or mental conditions. Well, yeah. You don't want to get sued. And if a condition, such as a panic disorder, had been entered into the Prisoner Escort Record, then that prisoner should be regarded as vulnerable. Is that right? Well, yeah. So... Whilst it's accepted procedure during an escape attempt to secure any remaining prisoners in the vehicle, if a vulnerable prisoner should require assistance during that time, you'd understand those guidelines to mean that you should help that prisoner? I guess you ought to check it out pretty quickly. Which means, if your colleague had followed the company guidelines correctly, he'd have gone to Richard Doyle's assistance straight away? WRIGHT: Er... Well... Yeah. ROLAND: Thank you, Mr Wright. I thought we were standing together. Well, we still have to fight our own corners... That wasn't fighting your own corner, that was cutting Michael Ward's throat. I'm sorry you see it that way. Did you know he was going to say that? No, I didn't. -He basically said it was my fault. -I know. All that stuff about the guidelines and vulnerable prisoners, it's just a load of rubbish. But it is in the guidelines? Yeah, but you've seen that handbook. It's the size of a bloody house. You couldn't apply half of it even if you wanted to because we don't have the manpower. Well, what do you do? Use your common sense and experience. That's why they hire ex-coppers. They need people they can trust, and then they expect you to get on with it. They're sending over up-to-date copies of the handbook and all the training software. But if the bike's not here in the next half an hour, you need to chase it up. -Yes, miss. -And open the package as soon as it arrives. I want to be sure the discs they're sending are ones we can actually use. Oh, Daniel, are you busy? He's doing an advice for me. -No, I'm almost done. -No, it's all right. Uh, Bethany... I need you to find every previous case involving V&R Security Ltd. That means inquests, civil prosecutions, the works. And if you don't know where to look, you need to ask John. Yeah. Billy Lamb. Yeah. (CHUCKLING) Yeah. You're not wrong there. It's a crying shame. I could barely watch the second half. Listen, Harry, I've got some information I think we should share. And we are talking about the current transfer window? You are sure about that? Positive. She met the manager last Friday. Still got to pass the medical. Negotiations are advancing. You'll forgive me for saying this, Harry, but you don't seem entirely surprised. Well, the old sixth sense had been twitching a bit. (CHUCKLING) I should say. Your biggest player, trying to sign for someone else. Question is, what are you going to do about it? Sometimes it's best to let these things take their course. (SIGHS) Go home, miss. A girl's got to sleep. I'll sleep when I'm dead. Ooh, quoting Warren Zevon? Things must be desperate. It's Bon Jovi, actually. -Ah. -But yeah. Yeah, they are a bit. Anything I can do? Remind me never to trust a defence barrister. Good night, miss. (TAPPING KEYBOARD) (DOOR CLOSES) I need your permission to take a different approach. What do you mean? After what happened yesterday, it's not enough saying you just followed the rules, because the company are now saying that's not true. You mean that barrister is? He's the one who's trying to... No, no. He's only following their instructions. (GASPS) They can't do that. They said they'd stand by me. They said... Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. What did they say? They said the prosecution would try to divide us, use my word against theirs to make us all look guilty. So the best thing we could do was stand together. If I started making waves, it'd just look like I was blaming them. Well, that's why you've got me. I like making waves. And, trust me, they don't deserve your loyalty. Mr Purdey, you're head of operations for V&R Security, with responsibility for the recruitment and training of all employees, are you not? I am. We want to ensure that our staff have the skills to deal with every eventuality. And you personally oversaw the compilation of the handbook which outlines the protocols they're expected to follow? I did. We tried to ensure that the guidelines were as as clear and comprehensive as possible in order to limit the margin for human error. Your Honour... Could the jury please disregard Mr Purdey's reference to human error? That has not yet been established. Point taken, Miss Costello. (CLEARS THROAT) Phew. Mr Purdey, I've been reading your employee handbook, and I wondered if you could help me with something? Oh. I'll certainly try. It says here... When I find it... "If a prisoner requests medical assistance prior to transportation, "the officer in charge should: "A, arrange for the prisoner to be seen by a doctor immediately, "B, inform the prison to have medical assistance standing by, "or C, alert the prisoner escort officers to the request and take no further action, "depending on the seriousness of the prisoner's condition." Right. So how does the officer decide how serious the prisoner's condition is? Well, as you'll see, there are a number of determining factors. Let's say a headache, for example. Well, there are headaches and headaches. Say a, a bad headache, but the prisoner can still walk and talk. I would probably... Inform the prison that they may need medical attention on arrival. Right. Which is what your officer did in July, 2009, when Lucas Freeman complained of a headache prior to a seven-hour journey in the back of one of your vans. And that headache turned out to be meningitis, didn't it? (STAMMERING) That was a very particular case. And that officer who had followed your guidelines and reached the same conclusion that you just did then... He was sacked for negligence. So the guidelines didn't work, and your employee took the blame. And as a result of that inquest, weren't you ordered to make improvements to your employee training procedures? Which we did. We complied with all the coroner's rulings. The coroner also said you should have three officers per van, didn't he? So that one could travel in the back. We are in the process of increasing our staffing levels. Right. Yet, here, in the latest edition of your handbook, it says, "One officer must monitor the prisoners inside the van, "whilst one officer secures the exterior "and another liaises with the emergency services." So that's what? Oh, three in total. Well, as I say, we are aiming... But in the meantime, how can two officers be expected to follow your protocols when they're a man short? The fact is, if there'd been a third officer in the back of that van, that third officer that you should have hired, Richard Doyle would still be alive today. Um. (CLEARS THROAT) Making us look bad won't make your client look any less negligent. I have to say that was extremely short-sighted. I'm sorry you see it that way. He's still the one who heard a dying man's cries and did nothing. The jury won't forget that. (CLEARS THROAT) So what do you think? It went well, right? Well, to a point. There's still the issue of negligence. What? So I've burned my bridges with V&R, and now you're telling me I'm no better off than I was before? Look, look, look. Talk me through what you heard when Doyle was inside the van. I told you what I heard. You mean did he shout, "Argh, my chest hurts, I think I'm dying"? Er... If I'd opened that door 10 minutes earlier? Or even five? Would it have made a difference? Well, would it? I very much doubt it. But you can't say for sure, can you? No one can. (DOOR OPENS) Billy? You realise this is it now, sir? You and George. You're in it for life. It's a little melodramatic. Not at all. Because if anything goes wrong, it's not just you that loses work. You think poor, heartbroken Miss Duggan is going to instruct anyone else in chambers when she might run the risk of bumping into you? George isn't like that. Sex and work. They're two separate things. Well, I hope you're right, sir, because mess this up and it gets back to Alan, well, you won't be forgiven a second time. Something you might want to think about. (DOOR CLOSES) (SIGHS) -Clive! -Sorry, I got held up. She's been waiting 20 minutes. The hearing's tomorrow. Well, I'm here now. (PANTING) Oh, thank you so much. Completely parched. (PANTING) You, you know, when I was quite young... I was about six or seven... I was sent away to school. I was really excited. I thought it was going to be this... Great adventure, but for some reason when I got there, I discovered that my face just didn't fit. Hmph. There was a group of boys in my year, and... Well... They decided they didn't like me and that was that. It was your basic nasty bullying. It was cruel, and sometimes it... (STAMMERS) Was actually quite violent. But while I hated them and I hated what they were doing to me... A part of me felt guilty. It was as if they could see something in me that... Deserved to be punished. And the worst part was that I ended up feeling like they might be right. Six years old. Those boys made me feel so ashamed... That it never even occurred to me to ask for help. Because you can still feel guilt, terrible, overwhelming guilt, (SIGHS) Even when something isn't your fault. But it doesn't mean you deserve to be punished. Hey, Marth. -I took your advice. -What advice? About the whole "I'll show you mine if you show me yours" thing. Nice. Yeah, it worked. -Good. -It was completely knackering. Do you do that every time? Pretty much. I don't know how you manage it. MARTHA: Hmm. Listen, do you want to go for a drink? Can't. I've got a con. Anyway, I thought you'd have plans. No. Not tonight. Oh, why? Has she finally seen through you? (EXHALES) No. Erm. Listen, I was wondering if we could talk... The Old Street Lounge and Bar. Know it? No. Can't say I do. Good. Can you both be there at 8:30 on Friday? Sure. Excellent. (DOOR OPENS) -That's very cryptic. -(DOOR SHUTS) -Anyway, listen... -(MOBILE RINGS) (WHISPERING) Sorry, sorry. (WHISPERING) Sorry. Liam. Hiya. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks for doing this. You can still come here? Great. Yeah. I'll scrounge together some chambers booze. (MARTHA LAUGHS) You'll be lucky! -(MOBILE RINGING) -We're not 18 any more, you know. Yeah. -(MOBILE KEEPS RINGING) -See you then. Prof Nyman I've heard of, but where did you find this second pathologist? Dr Miles Radcliffe? Oh, we didn't. The coroner ordered a second, independent post-mortem before he released the body, and then by the time CPS brought charges, it was too late to do another. And no one called him as a witness? Well, there didn't seem much point. He basically agreed with Nyman. Why? It just seems a bit odd. Two separate pathologists, both so eager to go with a diagnosis of long QT syndrome. Is it that unusual? It's fairly unusual. But it's more that the original report mentioned... Blood in the abdomen and bruising around the liver. So I can't understand why they were so quick to rule out an abdominal bleed as cause of death. Nyman put it down to later injuries caused by CPR. He said he couldn't find another source. Yeah, I know, which makes me wonder how hard he looked. Because you'd struggle to get a bruise in that location from CPR. Well, what else could've caused it? Ah... Maybe a blow or a fall. A fall? This guy had pretty acute cirrhosis. His clotting factors would've been massively reduced. It wouldn't take much to cause a serious bleed. Okay. So, say they're wrong. And say Doyle did die from internal bleeding. Would he have been shouting out, saying he was in pain? It's more likely he would have got -gradually quieter and weaker till he lost consciousness. -(MARTHA SIGHS) I hope that helps. Definitely. Here, we'd better finish this and then I can hide the evidence. Okay, but I haven't got long. -I promised I'd get back for bathtime. -(BOTH CHUCKLE) -Are you busy? -No. Get hold of as much background information as you can on Dr Miles Radcliffe, Home Office pathologist. Oh, and, uh, look into Professor Stephen Nyman while you're at it. Am I looking for something specific? I don't know yet. But I've got a nagging feeling that I've missed something so... Just start looking and see what you find. Yes, ma'am. Oh... Sorry, force of habit. (SNIGGERS) (CHUCKLING) Yeah, well, don't. It makes me feel like the Queen. How's our girl? Thriving. She's got a landmark case on at the moment. -Defending? -Course! What about Lady Macbeth? Find her friend, did you? Oh, yeah. That's handled. Funny thing is, Harry Loughton says she won't be missed. A silk? One of his biggest earners? He's happy to wave goodbye? Seems there's issues. A woman like that, it's usually drink or depression. Or she's shagged too many married tenants. Could be. Hang on. Nearly forgot. Aren't you going to count it? Hmm! Well, if you can't trust a solicitor... (BOTH CHUCKLE) -There she is. -Billy... Congenital means "from birth", doesn't it? I think so. Time for a quick chat, miss? -Not really. -It's important. Five minutes. Alan wants us to diversify, which means bringing in more prosecution work. -And more prosecutors? -Yes. I'm not asking you to confirm or deny this, but I'm just saying... If we were looking for prosecutors, Caroline Warwick may not be the way to go. Why not? -Uh, there's been issues at her current chambers. -What issues? Well, they've kept it quiet, but I've heard a rumour... Oh, let me guess. Is it booze? Oh, or maybe a nervous breakdown? -Before you jump down... -It's common knowledge, isn't it? All female barristers either drink, shag around or lose cases when they're premenstrual. I disagree. I know at least two that are teetotal and celibate. Yeah, but the rest of us are workaholic spinsters who don't play well with others. -Hear me out... -No, actually I won't. You know what, Billy? To be honest, I expected better. You know, it's weird. Private fees are way down this quarter. Yeah, well, it's the nature of the business, John. Everything goes in cycles. One minute you're in favour, next minute you're not. It's good to remember that. Thanks. The Home Office gave me the runaround but I finally got through to a woman in hospital's administration and after a bit of persuading she sent me through Radcliffe's full employment record. -And what about Nyman? -She had his on file, as well. -Really? -Yeah. It turns out Miles Radcliffe used to be Stephen Nyman's senior registrar. And when he applied to go on the Home Office list last year, guess who he gave as referee? And nobody in the Coroner's Office picked up on that? That their two independent experts are old colleagues? Well, it's a small pool. Chances are a lot of them know each other. Yeah, but Nyman's his boss. His bloody mentor by the sounds of it. No wonder he didn't want to contradict him. -And what are those? -I just did a trawl and printed off everything I could find online about Professor Nyman. Okay. Good. Fancy a beer? Yeah, sure. Oh. Sorry, we thought you were pizza. -Excuse me? -MARTHA: Clive. What are you doing here? What's going on? We're working. Oh, for God's sake, Clive. (MARTHA HUMMING) So how come you're only looking into the pathologists' report now? Because I never had reason to question the cause of death before. -You know, maybe... -I've got something! -I'm sorry... -No... Oh, it's the transcript from a GMC hearing in 2008. -Radcliffe? -No, Nyman. They temporarily suspended his licence. We're back in. Listen, I'm gonna leave you to it. Okay, well, wasn't there something you... No, no. No. It's fine. -(DOOR CLOSES) -MARTHA: When did they let him back on the Home Office list? I'm not saying my learned colleague was aware of the GMC ruling... I should hope not. But clearly the information should have been disclosed. Your Honour, Professor Nyman was originally retained by the Coroner's Office. It appears an assumption was made... You still have a continuing duty to disclose, Mr McKinley. That is non-negotiable. Yes, Your Honour. Your application to have Professor Nyman recalled is granted, Miss Costello. As is the application to adduce bad character. Professor Nyman, how many cases of long QT syndrome have you diagnosed over the past five years? I couldn't say off the top of my head. But you're considered quite an authority on it, aren't you? You've written, well, papers and so on. That's correct. But I couldn't give an exact figure without checking my files. But let's focus on two, shall we? Margaret Blakefield and Antony Dowling. Now, you performed post-mortems on both of them, and reached a conclusion of fatal arrhythmia in both cases? Yes. But that conclusion was challenged by three other pathologists, wasn't it? There was a difference of opinion. It happens. A "difference of opinion" which led to a disciplinary hearing in front of the GMC and a temporary suspension of your Home Office accreditation. -Yes... -Because the GMC believed that you showed, and I quote, A, reluctance to change from your original findings even when presented with directly contradictory evidence. I can see that it might be confusing for a lay person... MARTHA: Oh actually... No. It's very clear. You're so keen to find evidence of your pet theory that you've been repeatedly shown to miss the more obvious causes of death. Professor Nyman, if you suffer from a loss of hearing as a result of a bout of mumps, can that be called congenital deafness? No, it cannot. MARTHA: I see. And what does the term "SUDEP" mean? (CLEARS THROAT) Uh, sudden death in epilepsy. It's when someone dies from an epileptic attack. Right. So if Richard Doyle lost his hearing after having mumps and if his uncle died from an epileptic fit, would those factors be relevant to a diagnosis of long QT syndrome? (STAMMERING) No, they would not. MARTHA: And yet you based your conclusion that he suffered a fatal arrhythmic attack on those very factors. -I wasn't aware... -Surely, you read Doyle's medical history? Clearly, you spoke to his next of kin? I mean, you, you, you must have been aware that he suffered from cirrhosis of the liver? Yes, of course. Which means that if he received a blow to his abdomen in the region of his liver, it could cause a bleed? Possibly one serious enough to kill him? (SIGHS) It's possible, in theory but... He didn't receive any such blow prior to his death. Oh, but we know now that Doyle lost his footing on the step into the van. I mean, couldn't the bruising that you attributed to CPR actually have come from falling against the prison-van door? I don't believe so, no. Professor Nyman, was there sufficient blood in Richard Doyle's abdomen to fit with a diagnosis of internal haemorrhage? (STAMMERING) It's not simply a question of volume... Yes or no, Professor Nyman? Yes! (GALLERY MURMURING) And had he suffered this bleeding as a result of a blow to his liver, could his death really have been caused by the stress of being locked in the back of that van? Uh, clearly not. And would his chances of survival have been greatly increased if he'd received medical aid 20 minutes earlier? It's unlikely. MARTHA: Thank you, Professor Nyman. Well, shall we wait here? They'll call us back in when they're ready for us. Maybe you should get a coffee. In respect of count one on the indictment, that of corporate manslaughter, do you find the defendants V&R Security Ltd guilty or not guilty? Not guilty. Phew. And in respect of count two on the indictment, that of gross-negligence manslaughter, do you find the defendant Michael Ward guilty or not guilty? Not guilty. -(GALLERY MURMURS) -(GASPS) No hard feelings, I hope. We got the right result in the end. Did we? Enjoy your victory, Martha. I certainly shall. Right. (CLEARS THROAT) First round's on me. Better a lush than a spinster. -Sorry? -It doesn't matter. Jesus, Billy. What the hell are you doing? I'm looking at the bigger picture, sir. In the dark? Do my best thinking in the dark. I think about my barristers and how I can make sure they achieve their potential. 'Cause that's what I do. I plan ahead. Ah... Good to know. Now, another barrister... Like, say, Caroline Warwick. They might put work your way to get their foot in the door, but it won't last. Trust me. Barristers are like thoroughbreds: sleek, focused on winning and utterly selfish. That's why you need me. Looking out for you long-term. Something to bear in mind when she makes her application. (DOOR OPENS) Nice of you to join us. Uh, yeah. Listen, Marth. I've had a letter from the Bar Standards Board. About Oxford? I really need your help. Jesus, Clive. Well, I'm afraid I've dragged you both here for no reason. Our esteemed colleague seems to have had an attack of the jitters. She's changed her mind? Wants to take a rain check. You didn't mention this evening to anyone, did you? Got the impression she was worried there'd been a leak. (SIGHS) George Duggan is for Christmas. Silk is for life. I've never felt like this before, so this is more difficult for me than I can say. This work, it will corrupt your every waking moment. And when you lose, I don't want that for you. I know about the Ali family. What do you know? MARTHA: Fatima, tell us what happened that night, with your family. Are you an angry man, Mr Ali? I will not talk to someone as ignorant as you. I'm the senior clerk in here! What's the matter with you? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 