Silk: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Silk 
 s2e5 - Episode #2.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Silk (2011–2014): Season 2, Episode 5 - Episode #2.5 - full transcript 
 Caroline Warwick invites Reader to assist her in prosecuting Jody Farr,accused of killing Martha's client Brendan Kay,in exchange for reducing the murder charge against Fatima to manslaughter. When he accepts George dumps him and hands Fatima's case to Martha,who,helped by Daniel,does Fatima proud,discrediting her angry,sexist brother. However it is Joy who provides the vital evidence that wins the case,the deal being that Martha defend Farr in return. Martha is less successful in appealing to the law lords to spare Jackson Henderson,on death row in Jamaica,from hanging whilst Billy Lamb discovers he has prostate cancer. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Drugs - heroin importation.  Farr's arrested and charged. Why do you want her?  Anyone who spits in my eye is my kind of brief.  I will not work for that man.  - CW. - Are you looking to move?  Well, I'm bloody lonely. I want a friend.  If we were looking for prosecutors,  then Caroline Warwick may not be the way to go.  Fatima Ali.  The brother tried to calm her, she lashed out with a broken bottle...  He's dead because of me.  Prosecute, and you'll walk into silk.  I'm really counting on you here.  It's Billy.  Nine o'clock.  It's me.  Nine o'clock.  Come on...  SIREN WAILS  Tap water. Clean and cold.  DOOR SQUEAKS  What are you doing here?  Sit down.  - No. - Think you should.  - What do you want? Where's Billy? - It's almost embarrassing -  you saying no.  So, if the middle man's not getting it done...  I've only ever been properly embarrassed once.  I used to nip off with Hustler magazine  for an early playtime in the boys' toilets.  Five minutes with myself.  Waitress...  Bye, Micky.  I have to tell you this. This is something you have to hear.  He knocked on my cubicle door.  "Michael Joy. I know you're in there and I know what you're doing." Mr Wilson.  And what did you do?  Opened the door, kicked his stupid head in and went out to play.  What would you like?  Double espresso.  Double espresso.  I told my dad the teacher had tried to feel me up in the toilets. He went berserk.  School was on the back foot from the start.  Teacher lost his job.  The Archway Road took him three months later.  - Took him? - It's the A1, technically.  So, if hitting the tarmac from 100 foot, doesn't kill you,  the first northbound vehicle will.  Thank you.  Have you ever seen an institution lose confidence?  Watching it happen,  taught me everything I know about power.  Power is control of the story.  Only two people from the school went to the crematorium - me and The Head.  He was representing the school, I was curious.  He took me for a cup of tea and a cupcake afterwards,  and got very heavy about guilt and shame and forgiveness -  all that Catholic bollocks.  It was the hardest ten minutes of his career and he knew it,  but what he didn't know  was that a piece of pink icing  was stuck to the lower part of his bottom lip.  And it moved as he spoke.  It turned him from what he wanted to be -  a man with gravitas and moral authority - into something...  ..embarrassing.  Give that to Billy, will you?  - What is it? - ?3,000 in used notes.  Jody Farr's proof of evidence.  Miss.  You were here.  Don't you ever do that again.  You'd have said no if I'd...  I'm still saying no.  That's not what Micky says.  BAGGAGE SCANNER BLEEPS  There's nothing to be afraid of.  Are they here?  Your father and your brother.  Today is for us lawyers to sort out bits of housekeeping.  All you have to do is enter a plea of not guilty - nothing else.  - Is she here? - Yeah. - Good.  They're going to nick her.  Why?  - Breach of bail. - Oh, Christ. What? - Contacting a prosecution witness.  - Does she want to surrender now or afterwards? - Wait, wait. Who?  - The brother. Ibrahim. - What sort of contact? - Phone calls.  33 of them.  All hours of the day and night.  Well, I mean, she's his sister.  She's never been apart from her family before, so..  Yeah. You know what?  In all the rush to characterize Little Miss Muslim  as the real victim,  shall we try and remember she drank 15 whiskies  and she stuck a jagged bottle so hard into her brother's neck,  - she could have killed him twice. - Still, it's a bit harsh to...  Fight me if you want.  It's what we're here for.  33 phone calls.  Why?  He's my brother.  You know this is very serious...  He's my brother.  He's always looked after me.  Of course she thinks they look after her.  It's what they've been telling her all her life. It's brainwashing.  - She'll be remanded in custody. - Don't let that happen.  It's a murder, George. I'm not a miracle worker.  - Have you ever seen a more frightened human? - It doesn't help with bail.  She's a woman.  Do that thing you do with women, Clive.  - ...On one piece of paper? - Yes, ma'am.  - I need to talk to you. - Me first.  - What? - Jody Farr.  - You're prosecuting it. - I need a junior.  - You're offering me the junior brief in Jody Farr? - It'll be like America, darling.  We can wear beautiful suits  and arrive at court every morning in bright sunshine.  Publicity will blaze.  When?  Monday. I need you to take some witnesses.  - We'll be a team. - This won't be finished.  The trial starts on Wednesday. It's five days.  And you're committed to her?  TANNOY RINGS  Yes, I am.  Tell me about Ms Ali.  Break my heart.  I don't think I've ever seen a more frightened human.  Broken heart. Wait there.  RELIEVED SIGH  - Anything interesting? - He was present at a robbery.  Staff member went for the alarm. One of the other robbers shot her dead.  - Mandatory death penalty. - What?  Life and death in the Caribbean.  - Right. - The case law - Pratt and Morgan.  Their Lordships decided that five years on death row  equals cruel and unusual punishment -  which means you can't be executed.  Survive more than five years  and your death sentence gets commuted to life imprisonment.  It's weird, isn't it? Final court of appeal for death penalty cases  - for thousands of miles away here in... - In Parliament Square, W1.  I mean, it's a complete anachronism.  It's indefensible that we kept this power over the legal systems  of former colonies. But thank God we have.  So, has he done his five years?  No.  23 hours a day  in a cell  the size of a chicken coop.  Television?  No.  Books?  Just your own thoughts.  They say when you have been sentenced to death,  you have nothing to lose, so -  you are, by definition, a dangerous prisoner.  Visits?  Once a month.  No touching.  (HALTINGLY) I haven't  hugged my son in two years.  I want to hug him.  My whole body tells me I have to hug him.  He's my child.  I cannot.  When you execute a man...  ...you end the lives of his whole family.  What will I tell my nine-year-old daughter?  What will I say to her...  ..when they break his neck?  You know the law.  Because your son hasn't used the appeals process  and only two years have passed since he was sentenced...  I want you to tell the judges two years -  they may as well be 20. Two years...  ..is a lifetime.  PHONES RING, PEOPLE CHATTER  Thank you, bye-bye.  - What's this? Jackson Henderson? - That's a Michael Connolly freebie, sir.  It's a death penalty appeal from the Caribbean. She's doing the con now.  Con? How?  - His mother. - Blow it out.  - It's a death row case, Billy. - Yeah. Return it.  And when Connolly comes out the con  tell him to go elsewhere with his grim work.  - A man will be executed... - I've had it with you answering me back!  I'm the senior clerk in here!  What's the matter with you?  Why hasn't Jackson used the appeals process?  Who knows what goes through a man's mind.  Locked in a cell with only death to talk to, Mrs Costello.  Oh, I'm sorry. I'm not Mrs. I'm a Miss.  A woman like you?  A woman as beautiful as you?  My, my...  what a world.  MOBILE PHONE RINGS  Hello, Billy.  Yes. No. We're just...  What? But we just had the con.  What are you doing? What the hell are you doing?!  - Not now, Miss. - Not now?  What do you mean, not now?  A man is scheduled to die in a few days time and what?  This isn't a good time for you?  Where are you going? Don't walk away from me.  Don't you dare turn your back on this.  I've seen what it does - this work.  It will corrupt your every waking moment and most of your sleep.  And when you lose,  I don't want that for you.  I came to the Bar to do this kind of work.  - I am doing it, Billy. - Doing pro bono work  - for Michael Connolly won't get you the kudos... - Whoa, what?  - Or the attention. - Or the career development?  One last time, I will NOT represent Jody Farr.  This is not about THAT.  How can you ask me to represent that man  and in the same breath tell me I can't try and save a...  - Miss! - If you mention him to me again  I will take that as a direct challenge to my being here.  And if that happens,  I will fight you for the right to stay at Shoe Lane.  The Crown understands the wider context  surrounding this tragic death,  and we are prepared to accept the psychiatric report's finding  that defendant's state of mind was substantially impaired.  - Diminished. - We'll offer no evidence on the murder  if she pleads to manslaughter.  Is the judge going to buy this?  I did a four month fraud last summer in front of him.  The air conditioning had broken down and he took to wearing  - nothing under his robes. - How do you know?  I know. And he'll buy this if I tell him to.  Nothing to do with cracking this trial  so that you and me are free for Jody Farr?  It is the duty of a prosecutor to be fair.  And that means working against the urge to win just because you can.  Fatima Ali isn't a murderer. We can all see that.  Amazing.  Yeah. Wasn't easy. She doesn't roll over for just anyone.  Still, it's as good a deal as you could hope for.  It's almost a shame we have to say no.  Don't even tell her about the offer? Is that what you're saying?  - My job is to get her to think for herself. - In the meantime, you tell her what to think.  - Isn't that what everyone's been doing to her all her life? - I want her to think for herself.  - She needs to choose now. - It wouldn't be a real choice. She's not ready. She just feels guilty.  OK, OK. Her best interests. What are they?  Going through with a trial in public?  How humiliating would that be?  And if she's convicted, she gets life.  If we're acting in her best interests, then pleading guilty  - to manslaughter, avoiding a trial and having half a shout... - What?  Half a shout at a mental health disposal?  - How about we send an abused woman to the funny farm? - George...  Why should she plead guilty?  We can do this. I know we can.  Do what?  Give this woman enough self respect and strength to fight back.  Imagine what the Court of Appeal would say. The appellant was never told about the offer?  - They'd go mad and they'd be right to. - I thought you were a fighter.  Yeah, well...  I know what we'll do.  It's a very good offer.  But it's too much to take in now.  So here's what we think you should do.  Plead not guilty today  and then I'll make sure the offer's is still on the table  when we come back for trial on Wednesday.  That way you'll have had time to think about it and decide.  Prawn cocktail?  Is that why you followed me round here?  - No. - So why did you?  I was just checking you were OK with the initials on the pigeonholes.  Like, who's who.  I'm fine. And any I don't know I can just figure it out.  OK. Good.  - I'll see you back in the clerk's room. - OK.  - Jake? - Yes?  Did you want to ask me out?  Me?  No.  No. Not at all.  Not guilty for now,  - but she'll plead on Wednesday. - Are you sure? - Yep.  Because she always does what the men in her life tell her to do?  Shall we have our fight about bail?  "Do not contact any member of your family directly or indirectly  "or you will be remanded in custody." Quote, unquote.  It is a kind of arrogance,  frankly, to ignore a judicial warning of such clarity.  Does she think the law doesn't apply to her?  There's a cultural problem here, your honour.  Fatima has failed to understand that what the judge says  has to take precedence over her profound need to talk to her family.  She gets it now. I've explained it to her in no uncertain terms.  If you grant her bail, I'm sure she won't let anyone down again.  Bail is refused.  But I'm going to bend over backwards to help Ms Ali.  I've had another trial collapse this morning.  Is there any reason why this trial can't start tomorrow?  I'll see you tonight.  Will you?  Seven o'clock.  Do me a favour and accuse me of being a loose cannon.  Oh. Your interview. Yes.  And remember, George Duggan is for Christmas.  Silk is for life.  They make their own coffins on death row. In the corridor outside.  That's the most constructive thing they do.  We have heard all these arguments on past occasions.  We are sympathetic.  And that is why this court made the five year rule.  Move on, please.  Nine, 11, 13 and 16. Jackson Henderson's four sisters.  For the last two years, they have witnessed their mother  and their father's anguish  and they have struggled to understand the sentence  passed on their elder brother and they have not understood.  If Jackson dies in a few days time,  his sisters will be condemned to live their lives  with unimaginably ugly thoughts and feelings.  Does this court want to punish those children?  I have had the privilege to get to know Florence Henderson,  the appellant's mother,  and I have seen at close hand her extraordinary courage  in dealing with what is happening to her son.  You refute your own argument.  Not when I tell you that this woman,  more brave and dignified I think than anyone I have ever met,  cries herself to sleep at night. And when she does sleep,  she dreams of hanging.  This is her history,  it's her present, and it's her future.  Does this court endorse that?  Her punishment and that of her young family  is lifelong.  And I submit to this court,  with all your emotional and intellectual intelligence,  that is its cruel,  it is unusual...  ..and it must stop.  I think you're right to come in.  - Have you ever had a digital examination before? - No.  - Shall we do that now? - Yeah.  What is that exactly?  Legs a little higher for me, please.  - No, I mean knees closer to your chest. - Oh, sorry.  And relax.  It IS enlarged and it's putting some pressure on your bladder.  What does that mean?  I'm going to say the word, but I don't want you to get worried.  What word?  Cancer.  Probably you haven't,  but possibly you have and I'd like to be sure.  You need to be seen by a specialist.  Now, there is an accelerated referral time.  But only if there are specific factors causing particular concern.  Perhaps you could help me, Mr Lamb.  Have any of your family ever had prostate cancer?  Er...yeah.  Oh.  And who was that?  - My mum. - On the whole, mums don't have prostate glands.  - My sister. - Women don't erm...  - My dad. - OK. Quite young, was he?  - Yeah. - Under 50?  49.  These are weighty issues.  We will adjourn and notify you when we are ready to give judgement.  Well, when? We have to know when.  We will notify you.  - What have you done? - What do you mean?  - Something. You're looking particularly gorgeous. - I had my death row appeal today.  Oh right. Sorry. Yeah I...I forgot.  Judgement soon.  Quiet apart from that? Workwise?  So, why are you leaving your old set?  I say what I think and the boys don't like it.  Have you noticed what people say about loud women?  "Oh, she's got a mouth on her."  What do they say about noisy men?  "He's a good laugh."  Some people think you're a loose cannon.  Do they? Who? Oh, of course you can't say.  Here's what I think. I think the Bar is special  because it's our work to cherish the English language in all its glory.  A row of cannon, all pointing in the same direction and sounding the same, what would that be?  It would be children who don't read books any more.  It would be a world filled with management consultants.  And for us, it would be solicitor advocates, wouldn't it?  Tired and dull and flat.  I think juries deserve better than that.  Does that answer your question?  My last three years' income.  Who earns more at Shoe Lane? My guess is nobody.  And the next two years projected.  Only a dinosaur would say no.  Skeletons, Miss?  Have I slept with any judges? Err...several.  Solicitors? Quite a few.  Senior Clerks?  Not yet.  - Drink? - Love to.  That's what I hear.  This is a drinking profession.  I drink fast and hard  and I get up in the morning sober as a judge and twice as lively.  And what about you?  Anything I should know about Billy Lamb?  I've never felt like this before.  - So this is more difficult for me than I can say. - But you're going to tell me...  I'm going to be brutally honest, George. I think that's best.  We're just not suited.  Fatima needs someone who can... What's the expression?  Do emotion. Now, I wish that was me, but it's not. I'm so sorry.  - It's tomorrow. - I know. I should have said but I didn't because...  - I didn't want to let you down. - What am I supposed to do?  I just keep coming back to Fatima. She's what matters here  and if I'm not giving her what she needs then...  It's not me facing life imprisonment, is it? It's her.  Shit. Shit. Shit.  I'm sorry.  Listen, um... I'll be right back. I'm just going to...  Erm...you know George Duggan.  - Hi. - Yeah. Sorry. I've got to...  So. You in court tomorrow?  Err... No.  How about the rest of the week?  - Apart from receiving a judgement, free. Why? - George...?  - Listen, I'm going to let you two, er... - What, you...?  I've returned Fatima Ali.  Right. Yeah.  So I'm free to prosecute Jody Farr.  - Led by CW. - Who have we returned Fatima to?  Have I got this right?  A senior clerk who can't get his new silk  to defend the biggest brief in town  manages to get golden balls to prosecute it?  It's under control. I'll sort it out.  I said, I'll sort it.  That's more like it.  Why are you here?  You don't sleep, I don't sleep.  Where's Mrs Henderson staying?  She's flown home.  If the appeal is refused,  then she wouldn't have time to get back before they execute him.  - Are you OK, Miss? - Do me a favour, Billy.  Don't be nice to me.  Are you going to save him?  I don't know.  Call me the second any news comes in.  Even if I'm in court. Get me.  - Pleading to manslaughter? - No.  What? But Clive said that...  Do I look like a big public schoolboy, Caroline?  When do you think this will finish?  It'll go into Monday, at least.  She's not ready.  Clive was going to carve it, wasn't he?  Clive? It's me. You're dumped.  A wild night of drinking and a return home  with a three quarters empty bottle of scotch.  Her older brother tried to take the bottle, to stop her drinking more.  And what did she do?  She broke the bottle and she went for him.  He lifted and turned his head to avoid the lunge  and the jagged, lethal, broken glass went into his neck,  with sufficient force to sever the carotid artery.  Mustapha Ali bled to death  before any medical attention could reach him.  There is an alternative count on this indictment. Manslaughter.  But make no mistake about it,  the Crown is and always has been very clear -  this is a murder.  And that is the verdict we will be asking you to return.  I was upstairs.  - Doing what? - On the phone.  To who?  I don't remember. I heard a smashing of a glass and a few seconds later, a scream.  - Who screamed? - My mother.  What did you do?  I ran downstairs.  When I reached the door of the kitchen  I saw Mustapha lying on the floor. He was twitching and writhing.  It looked like he was having some kind of fit.  Later I learned he was choking on his own blood.  Stick to what you yourself saw and heard, please.  I realised it wasn't a fit  when I saw the blood coming out of his neck.  Was anyone else in the room?  My mother, father, my sister, Fatima.  And what was she doing?  She was bent over the table, like she was exhausted or something.  Later I learned she...  No, no, forget about later.  Just tell us what you saw.  She was holding the bottle. It was broken.  It fell out of her hand. My brother stopped moving.  I knew he was dead.  What did you do?  I couldn't breathe, I had to get out.  You were upstairs. So you can't help us with the immediate context.  She'd been out, she came back.  - She was drunk. - Did you see her go out? - No.  - Did you see her come back? - No. - Did you see her drinking?  - The police officer told me... - Yes.  Did you see her drinking? You, yourself.  - No. - So, like I said, no context.  What you've been told, yes, assumptions you've made, yes,  but actual evidence of what went on, no.  Where did you go when you left the house?  - I just felt I had to get away. - Where did you go?  I wandered around.  Did you love your brother?  Of course.  - Did you call 999? - No.  - Why not? - I don't know, I couldn't think.  - Did you do anything to help him? - I told you, he was dead.  What else could I do?  And how do you think he'd died?  - It was obvious. - Was it? Why?  The blood, the bottle in her hand.  Have I got this straight?  You left the house with your brother dead or dying, your sister,  whom you believed to be the killer still in there...  You better stop this..  - ..and both your parents hysterical? - Enough!  Enough of what?  Questions you can't answer?  - You listen to me... - Mister Ali.  I will not let her insult my dead brother in this way.  - I'm sorry you think it's insulting. - Then why don't you back off?  When did you come back from your wander?  My wander?  Your word.  My brother's blood in our kitchen and my sister drunk.  Have you any idea what that felt like?  These two things, do they provoke the same emotion in you?  Dead brother, drunk sister?  I will not answer that.  I know you'd like to say my religion is against women.  I will not talk to someone as ignorant as you.  What do you know? Who are you?  Are you an angry man, Mister Ali?  Was your brother?  - You lied to me. - I was trying to manage a situation.  The only time I have to meet a barrister for the first time.  - You promised her. - That's what I thought at that time.  You were trying to carve it from the start.  I'm not an idiot, Clive.  Don't you dare do that.  - What? - Sexy puppy dog bollocks.  Can a puppy be sexy?  Detective Sergeant, were there any injuries  on the deceased that you could call defence wounds?  No.  Thank you. What about signs of injury on the accused?  She had a mark around her wrist.  Consistent with having a hand held tight around it?  Could've been consistent with the deceased  trying to get the bottle away from the accused.  Or with Fatima trying to defend herself from him?  Or him trying to defend himself from her attack on him.  This is all a bit like ping pong, Your Honour.  My learned friend can't seem to go  more than two minutes without hearing the sound of her own voice.  Let's keep things civilised, shall we, ladies?  - Ladies? - Ladies?  There's no evidence of where she'd been before returning home.  - No. - Where did the bottle come from?  It didn't really seem the most important...  We focused our inquiry on the scene and the forensics,  which kind of spoke for themselves.  Did they? The alcohol in her blood,  - a reading like that, between ten and 15 shots of whisky? - Yes.  - And the whisky in her hair? - Yes. - And all down her front? - Yes.  - Quite a session? - You said it.  But you chose not to find out where she'd been drinking?  It was quite clear what had happened here.  Is it right that a neighbour called the police at 10.40 pm.  - Yes. - And what action was taken? - It was a shout the neighbour heard.  Could've been anything. We get those calls all the time.  It wasn't a priority.  Then at 11.04, the 999 call came in which was a priority.  Who made that call?  - Mister Ali. - The father.  24 minutes later than the first call.  What did you think about your daughter's behaviour?  I didn't like it.  Going out? Dressing the way she was dressing?  - Yes. - And Ibrahim?  He didn't like it.  Mustapha?  We three men all agreed it was wrong and we spoke to her.  Do you think that women deserve punishment from their husbands?  Sometimes.  Did you ever punish your wife?  Yes.  What was the offence?  I will not dishonour her name or mine  by recalling an event that is passed and forgotten.  What was the punishment?  According to the Koran.  - A quiet word? - Yes.  Then a withdrawal of sexual services from the marital bed.  Yes.  Then a light beating?  It did not reach that point.  And it is a wilful misinterpretation of the Koran that you rely on.  Did Fatima do what she was told after you spoke with her?  No.  And how did that make you all feel?  Humiliated?  - Angry? - I wanted what was best for my daughter.  Best according to who?  Her father. Our religion.  - She needed guidance. - She needed choice.  She needed freedom to decide how to live.  You think they've made a choice? These western women?  You think women who drink so much they fall over in the street  and go out wearing the clothes of prostitutes  and paint their faces, have an independent mind?  This is freedom? This is your freedom?  I am asking you a question.  Mister Ali...  She asks me many, many questions. I cannot ask her one?  It isn't a choice, you're right. It's a form of tyranny.  Real freedom is the ability to choose.  Whenever that is lost or taken away, we must fight it.  - It's your mother next. - No.  Why not?  Fatima?  It will be too hard for her.  I don't have any brothers or sisters.  I come from a small, close family.  My mum, my dad and me.  My dad was a lot older than my mum and when I was 16,  he started to lose his memory.  It wasn't too bad at first.  Repeated questions.  Forgetting why he'd come into the room.  But the doctors were very clear, that it would get worse  and he would need looking after.  And when I left school, well, he deteriorated quite a lot.  He couldn't remember what order to put his clothes on.  Anyway, I wanted to go to university.  And I got in.  And two weeks before I was due to start,  my mum asked me the big question.  - What? - She asked me not to go.  - What happened? - I went.  And when I came home half way through the first term,  my dad didn't recognise me.  Has she forgiven you?  That's her own question.  She wanted me to stay at home  because she needed me to be there to help with my dad,  but she also wanted me to stay at home,  because she was lonely and bitter, and she wanted me to be the same.  I was in my bedroom, and I saw Fatima arriving home.  Was she holding anything?  No.  Are you sure?  Yes.  It was dark.  She stopped at the end of the path and looked up at the sky.  It was a clear night. There was nothing in her hands.  Do you have any alcohol in the house?  Me? No.  Does anyone?  Your husband?  You are under oath.  My husband.  Gin?  Vodka?  Whisky?  What time did Fatima arrive home?  10.30.  And how can you be so sure?  I go to bed every night at the same time, always 10.30.  - Was she walking in a straight line? - Yes.  So if Fatima wasn't drinking before she came home..  she would've had to have drunk three quarters of a bottle of whisky  in a short period of time, to reach the levels of alcohol...  This witness can't possibly be expected to comment on that.  No, quite.  - Martha... - I think you're wanted, Miss Costello.  Please leave her alone.  Well, this might be a good moment to adjourn for the day.  - Definitely the same night? - Yes.  He's got a bag. And he's on the phone.  Where have you been all my life, Daniel Lomas?  Six minutes after the call from the neighbour,  and Ibrahim is making a phone call.  Is that you?  Yes.  Who were you calling?  Not 999. Not home.  - I don't know. - You don't know?  Your brother dead or dying,  your drunk sister apparently responsible.  And you were on the phone!  - Who would you be calling, Ibrahim Ali? - I don't remember.  Or are you lying to me and this jury?  - What's in the bag? - You don't understand anything about this. - I think I do.  I think I'm getting there.  What is in the bag?  Shut up. Shut up!  Are you an angry man, Mr Ali?  Yes, I was angry with her.  - She came home smelling. - You were upstairs. - She'd done it before. This was the same.  - Done what before? - Come home smelling of. - Of what? - Of sex. She's a whore!  She's the liar.  Thank you, Mr Ali.  PHONE VIBRATES  Look, normally, I would never leave without going down and seeing her.  You know that, but...  I just have to today. Sorry.  Marth, shall I come with you?  No. Thank you.  Just relax.  The, er...the letter that they sent me said that it's interesting  - and instructive. - Erm, yeah.  It's just a squirt of local anaesthetic.  - Might feel a little bit cold. - OK.  Here we go.  You all right?  So, the uncomfortable part  is when the camera's in and I have to get it past the sphincter muscle.  I thought the sphincter was...  You sure you got the right opening here, doc?  The sphincter wants to keep the camera out.  And, er, we need to get it in.  Ready?  Jesus Christ.  Breathe.  Yeah, there are some issues here.  Do you want me to call her?  Florence? It's Martha.  I don't know what to say.  Our only chance now is for you to give evidence.  Fatima?  My father died ten years ago.  I miss him.  I sometimes wish I'd been at home to look after him.  But it wasn't my fault that I wanted more.  And I won't feel guilty about that. Ever.  Because guilt eats you up and then you don't have a life.  And I want my life.  Call Fatima Ali.  His name is Lloyd Naysmith.  He's a local councillor and he offered to help me.  So I went to his house.  And what happened?  He was kind to me.  He said he would look at the law for me  and see if the arranged marriage could be stopped.  He made me feel my life could be different.  I didn't feel I could say no to him.  No to what?  Fatima?  To what he wanted.  Point of law, your honour.  Jury out, please.  None of this, not one bit of it, is in the defence case statement.  How is the Crown supposed to react to a defence case  that hasn't been put to any prosecution witness,  that comes out of the blue nine tenths of the way through the trial  and is, basically, an ambushing of justice?  Of course it isn't in the defence case statement.  Do you know how hard it is for this woman  to stand up there today in the witness box? Do you?  My learned friend is becoming very personal.  Well, maybe sometimes it is personal.  So, let's hear it now. From the witness. Once and for all.  Ms Warwick. You may cross examine  on her failure to mention any of this before now.  You may also cross examine  on her failure to include it in her defence case statement.  Jury back, please.  Fatima.  Tell us what happened that night in your home  with your family.  Sorry.  Tell me.  You can do it for me.  Mustapha pushed me down on the table.  I couldn't fight him.  He held my mouth open with one hand...  ..and he poured the whisky into my mouth with the other.  It went all over me and down my throat.  I thought I was going to drown.  He stopped to shout at me.  He called me a whore.  I grabbed the bottle from him.  I smashed it on the table...  ..so he couldn't pour any more whisky down me.  Then he came at me.  Sorry.  I'm so sorry!  Too late.  BANGING  I know about the Ali family.  What?  They're on Jody's patch.  Oh, don't tell me. Jody doesn't like non-whites?  Jody doesn't like competition.  Competition?  What are you doing?  High quality heroin.  - Where did that come from? - This bag left the Ali house with the younger brother  after the unfortunate incident with the bottle  and before the arrival of the emergency service.  The 24 minute gap.  They're all over it - fingerprints, DNA. Bag and contents.  I won't ask how you...  No, you won't.  What do you want?  I'll give you the slam dunk.  Fatima walks.  - And what's in it for you? - Take this from me  and you're free to start the Jody Farr trial on Monday morning.  Do you think I'd make a good clerk?  If this is a drugs thing, why weren't the police interested  when I told them about the black bag leaving with Ibrahim?  Last thing they want is a domestic like this blowing open the whole story.  Story?  The Ali's import heroin.  They have all sorts of connections in all sorts of places.  The police haven't finished looking at those connections,  working out how big it all is.  End of trial.  If you say yes to Jody.  Counsel to counsel.  You and me and nobody else.  - The police had the Ali house under surveillance. - What?  - Drugs. - What? They didn't...  They didn't tell you or anyone because they haven't finished yet.  How the hell do you know?  I can't tell you.  - So how do I know it's true? - Would I lie to you?  And if you really don't believe me, then go and ask the drugs squad.  Bloody hell.  So we can recall all the police witnesses  and I can cross examine them on their failure  to disclose any of this  and we can recall Ibrahim and cross examine him  on being a major drug dealer.  Oh, and then the jury can see  what nasty pieces of work Fatima's been living with.  Or I can stop this trial right now  and throw the book at a bunch of bastard coppers  who think they can get away with whatever they want.  I'm a prosecutor through and through, Martha,  but I will not tolerate being lied to by anyone.  I quite like your way of doing it.  They didn't tell me, they didn't tell the CPS,  the defence has been kept in the dark  about the real character of prosecution witnesses,  which is about as unfair and unjust as it's possible to get.  End of trial...ladies.  Now, listen to me.  This is very important.  There's going to be a great deal of fuss over the next days  and weeks to come, about how the police have behaved here.  And it really matters.  But I don't want it to get in the way of the most important thing.  You are an innocent woman. You are not guilty of anything.  And that's everything. You've got a new start in your life.  Take it.  Drink with me.  Please.  You OK?  It's six o'clock in the Caribbean.  To the Caribbean.  - You have to laugh, don't you? - Or what?  Or you go home and sit there and cry your bloody heart out.  What is it?  Nothing.  Tomorrow is another day.  Tomorrow is Jody Farr.  Police officers are bent.  The evidence isn't strong enough. People get off.  You're trapped.  - Aren't you? - Everybody's guilty.  When and why do police officers get neurotic?  - When they've got someone on the inside. - You're dead. You know that?  I watched you defend Brendan Kay with everything you had.  - What are you doing representing his killer? - We all have a choice.  What's it taken?  To corrupt Martha Costello?  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 