Spider-Man: Season 3, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Spider-Man 
 s3e2 - Amazing Friends - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Spider-Man (2017–…): Season 3, Episode 2 - Amazing Friends - full transcript 
 Toddler Groot brings an urgent warning to Spider-Man who has to decode the message and keep Groot out of the hands of A.I.M. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 *MARVEL'S SPIDER-MAN* Season 03 Episode 02 Episode Title: "Amazing Friends" Aired on: May 17, 2020 Sync corrections by srjanapala Nope. Y'all need to get on somewhere else. This bus is out of... Do you even know how to drive a bus? Uh, it's just like a big car, right? Bank robbers, 12 o'clock. 12 o'clock? I go away for one week and you start talking like Captain America? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Too formal? Well, then let's try a little bit of the old swing and sting. Classic. Hello. Looks like you guys got a bug on your windshield. Surprise! Ta da! There we go. A reminder to the police to press charges for bank robbery. And for clearly driving without a bus license. Team‐up, team‐up. Who is awesome and having a team‐up? So you sing now? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Working together puts me in a great mood. Come on, I've barely seen you, Gwen, or Anya since your started going on your college tours. But it sounds like things haven't been boring without us. Now, let me get this straight. Max is temporarily suspended from Horizon High? Yeah, for working on the V‐252 symbiote again. Dr. Connors wants him permanently out. Man, the yearbook's sure gonna be filled with some strange memories this year. Man, you gotta start looking past school. I know you're busy as Spider‐Man, but think about your future. Life after Horizon. Well, in our immediate future, I'm thinking... that I'm late! Aunt May invited our new neighbor over, and May is not so much with the being late. Um, bye? Mask, pants, shirt. Oh, if Aunt May's ice cream cake melts before I... Peter, are you coming down? What's taking so long? Uh, be right there. What was that? I am Groot! Groot? How long have you been in there? And what did you see? I am Groot. What did you say, Peter? - I am... - Uh, I said, "I am scoot... ing." Downstairs. Just-Just one minute. I need you to be quiet and hide so my Aunt doesn't see you. There's no way I can explain why I have a tree alien in my closet. I am Groot! Spider‐man, this is Star‐Lord. Yes, the Star‐Lord. I have urgent, vital, world‐threatening info for you that you need to act on immediately, in less than 24 hours... What? What urgent info? Why does Star‐Lord always use tech older than Aunt May's flip phone? - I am Groot! - Peter. We have a guest. Stop. That is not a toy. I am Groot. I am Groot! No, no, no, no, no, no. Whoa. Where's the fire, tiger? Peter, this is Mary Jane Watson, Anna's niece. Anna's running late. Actually, everyone calls me MJ. Uh, I am Groot. Uh... Peter. I'm Peter. Why don't we go to the kitchen and talk over homemade ice cream cake? - No! - Uh, um, no. I have a better idea. Why don't we all go to the couch instead, and look at my baby pictures? Why would Mary Jane want to see those? Uh, why wouldn't she? Babies are cute. Everybody loves babies. But Peter, that's kind of weird. Yep. Definitely the weirdest thing happening in this house right now. Look, a young Señor Trunks. Aww. Señor Trunks? Huh? Oh. Whoa! Oh! I think I need a glass of water. I'm parched. Oh. Uh... Groot, you are killing me here. Ooh. I am Groot! Peter, what did you do to the cake? Uh, it just looked so good, I had to eat it right away. Hey, what's that thing? Huh? I can explain. I think it's called a fork. You might want to use one next time. Oh, no. There's an incredibly boring emergency at Horizon High. Really nice to meet you, MJ. I am Groot. Miles, I really need your help. I am Groot. I am Groot. Oh, this can't be good. Groot here is an alien friend and literally all he says is... I am Groot. Which means something totally different if you understand his language, which I don't. So he isn't Groot? No, he is Groot, but also, to humans, his language only sounds like he's saying, "I am Groot." I am Groot. So he could be saying, "Why can't you people understand me?" Or, "Miles, your dancing skills are known across the galaxy." Uh, yeah, exactly. He brought a tape recorder with an urgent, vital message that we have to act on immediately, but, well, he's currently wearing it. Groot came all the way from outer space, but uses cassette tapes? Oh, you have no idea. I need your help to decode Groot's language so he can tell us what was on the tape. Oh, I can't. I have a date later. A date? You? Pfft. Kidding. I'm never doing anything. This universal translator is the best thing we have at Horizon to turn Groot‐speak into English. I am Groot. Okay, I am Groot translates into... I am Groot. Ooh, oh, okay. Three words. Got it. Ugh. He's gonna do charades for "I am Groot," isn't he? Ugh, don't know why I didn't think of this earlier. He can literally draw what the urgent message is. If Horizon can't do it, Tony Stark has to be able to. Mr. Stark, great. We could really use some Iron Man help right now. Oof, you're 0‐2, kid. I'm Not Tony, and this isn't Iron Man. Code name's Ironheart. And you must be Spider‐Man. Uh, Spider‐Men? Ironheart? Am I not up on new Avengers or something? Technically, I'm an Avenger intern. There's an internship program? Why didn't anybody tell me about this? I applied last year. Dude, you have got to expand your horizons. My real name's Riri. It's nice to meet you. And if that voice of Tony Stark coming from your armor isn't Tony, who is it? I told you, PJs, I'm Not Tony. Yeah, but who are you? Not Tony. I am so confused. He's my AI system. His name is literally Not Tony 'cause he's Not Tony. Maybe I can help you. This is Groot. We need Stark tech to decode an urgent message. I am Groot. Wow. A real alien life form. What... hey! You can't just... I've always wanted to examine an alien. We need to alert the Space Administration. Not Tony, put in a call. He doesn't need to be studied. He needs to be translated. Here's something rarely said. Spider‐Man has a point. I'm just following protocol. Besides, we don't have an alien language translator at the tower, but the Space Administration might. So call, and until they get here, I'm gonna see if this little guy... Groot's not a science experiment. We need to understand his language. Oh, they got here fast. We're from the Space Administration. We received a call from this location. Yes, sirs. We encountered this alien and... And we need you to translate his language. Can you guys do that? Check your scans, kiddo. What? What was that for? These people aren't who they say they are. Our cover is compromised. - AIM agents? - Give us the alien. Now! I am Groot. I have no idea what you just said, but I totally agree. We said hand over the alien. Sorry, guys. They must've tapped our call to the Space Administration. You're sorry? I almost handed Groot over to these evil scientists. Can you two try to out‐apologize each other later? Not a good time. The alien. Now! We heard you the first time, and here's our answer. You built this suit. Are you trying to break it, too? Really don't need your judging while I'm fighting, Not Tony. Watch your aim. And I mean that in two different ways, Riri. 'Cause, you know, you're aiming and they're from... never mind. Who programmed you to make bad word‐play? You know, you can go away. Ugh. I wanted him off. Not in French. It's too dangerous out here. Time for you to go play hide and seek. I am Groot. Where'd the little guy go? I made sure he got to safety. I am Groot! Follow that alien! Stick around, guys. That little sapling belongs to us. I tracked the Iron Man boot over here. Great. A toddler alien with a short attention span on the loose in New York City. We can still track him by his unique energy signature. You did do a spectro‐analysis of his DNA, right? Yes. No. Was I supposed to? Well, it would've been massively helpful. We were too busy trying to decode his urgent message, which we're running out of time to do. - Speaking French... - Oops. Forgot I put Not Tony in French. Finally. I can't believe not one of you took français. Listen, I finally got in contact with the Space Administration, the real Space Administration. And they don't have a way to translate Groot's language, either. So no one can? I didn't say that. There's one person who might be able to help us. Dr. Strange, the Sorcerer Supreme. That can't be real. You just made that name up. Strange is a master of the mystic arts, and should have the ability to translate languages from any place or dimension. We need him. We need Groot. Otherwise, we have nothing to translate. We need to do both, or we're gonna run out of time. We'll find Groot. Miles, you look for Dr. Weirdo. - Strange. - Hm? What did I say? Do not tell me you lost track of the alien. I'm sorry, sir. We encountered unexpected resistance. As I've so often pointed out, technology has its limitations. I will track the alien in a more effective manner. But if you use your tracking spell, won't that be problematic? You fear a certain someone will discover what we're doing? I am not afraid of him. Behold! Groot? Groot! There's gotta be a more efficient way to look for him than this. Just have to keep our eyes open for commotion. A lot of commotion. So what program are you and Miles a part of? Program? Oh, no, we're just friends with powers. Hm. I don't have a whole lot of those. Or any. I don't have many friends without powers. Having a personal life is hard, right? I mean, when you're a superhero. I try to spend as much time with my friends as I can. Because, well, you never know how much time you're gonna have with someone. Yeah, tell me about it. I, um, lost my stepdad. In an accident. I understand. I lost my uncle. So the way I see it, if I've got these great powers... You should do whatever you can to prevent anyone else from losing someone they love? Yeah. You and I might have a lot in common. Maybe we should start our own program, huh? "Friend with Powers." That thing's a nightmare! Groot's footprints. This way! Ironheart, over here. Ice cream. Groot loves ice cream. I am Groot! Well, this is the address phony Stark gave me. But this does not look like the home of a powerful sorcerer. Or a home at all. Ow. Whoa. That's real magic. Okay. Who's a good magical terrifying kitty? You are. Please don't hurt me! Of course. A guy named Dr. Strange isn't gonna have a guard dog. He has to have a nightmare cat. Oh, man. First an incomprehensible alien shows up, then AIM tries to blast us to smithereens, and now I gotta fight an evil magic panther protecting a sorcerer's house? I hate Wednesdays! Tell me more about this... incomprehensible alien. Huh? I am Groot. There you are. Thanks for babysitting. He wasn't too much trouble, was he? You're is no position to make jokes. Thanks for the opportunity to test my new armor upgrade. Head's up, guys! And you said I couldn't make jokes. Hey get back here. You forgot to get defeated. I am Groot! Wheeeee! I am Groot! Time for a ride, Groot. I am Groot! Serious question. How do you guys even tell each other apart? Whoa! I really hope Miles found that wizard. There's a sentence I didn't think I would say today. Um, are you doing this, Riri? Yeah, suddenly I'm a magician. Pick a number from one to ten. No, I'm not doing this! Greetings, pathetic so‐called heroes. I am the great sorcerer Baron Mordo. I believe you're familiar with my current cohorts... AIM. And this, of course, must be the alien known as Groot. Huh? I am Groot. AIM is working with a sorcerer? There are way more than the zero sorcerers I thought there were. And isn't AIM supposed to be strictly all about the science? I can hear you. AIM and I have allied for a singular purpose, the capture of this unique and soon to be very useful alien. Mordo! By the all‐seeing eye of Agamotto, you will stand down. No! Not now. Guys, this is Dr. Strange, and his name is totally accurate. Listen to the outrageous things he says. I summon the Winds of Watoomb! See? Right back into the fight. I like your battle strategy, Spidey. I like that you think I have a strategy. Yo, Ironheart, wrecking ball! I felt a disturbance in Earth's mystical fields, Mordo. Someone using a tracking spell to follow an alien life from. When this young man informed me of Groot's arrival, I realized the only sorcerer foolish enough to hunt such a creature was you. You think I didn't realize you would discover me? I do not fear you! What are you and these amoral scientists up to that requires a flora creature from Planet X? You could never imagine the severity of the plans I have laid! Magic, aliens, and beating back AIM? This will look so good on our superhero résumés. You have a superhero résumé? Is that a thing? Oh! Can I put "funny quips" down as a special skill? You shouldn't lie on your résumé. Aww. I'll grab Groot. Wait! It's not safe! By the seven rings of Raggadorr... I banish thee to the Unknown Realms! No! Scanners aren't picking up any trace of either of them. This is all for the greater good. Mine. Groot! Give him back. Um, that went south real quick. Yeah. Let's keep this off our superhero résumés. Did all that seriously just happen? Which... the alien part, the super villain part, or the magic part? Any of it. All of it. And now's not the time for ice cream. Mm, situations like this are exactly the time for ice cream. What now? We're both students of science, so let's follow the scientific method... examine the facts and make conclusions. Fact: Groot, a tree alien, brought a warning from space that you couldn't translate, then Baron Mordo and AIM came to capture him. Conclusion: weird! Sorry, that's less of a conclusion and more of a confused noise Fact: we need alien translating help from a magician with the totally accurate name of Doctor Strange, so Miles went to get him. Conclusion: wizards are a real thing now. I guess? Fact: Baron Mordo banished Strange and Miles to who knows where, then captured Groot and teleported away. Conclusion: we gotta rescue our friend from a bearded weirdo. Ah! My brain hurts. I know. This is crazy! Ah, no, brain freeze. Ugh, this hazelnut Hawkeye's‐cream is great, but, ugh, it leaves weird particles in my teeth. That's it... weird particles. Uh, I'm not following. Oh, Mordo's teleportation must've expended some form of energy... weird particles, as it were. But any traces would have already dissipated. Did your armor's scanners pick up what was happening at the time? Not‐Tony, review my armor's scan history. Did Mordo give off any unusual energy signatures? It was all unusual energy. Hold on. Scan history reveals unidentified particle bursts when he teleported. Can you use the Stark satellite to find that same energy signature anywhere else on Earth? Good thinking, PJs Looks like traces are showing at an uncharted island a few miles offshore. Hey, look at that. We just science'd ourselves some magic. That's where AIM must have teleported with Groot. Huh, and you thought ice cream was a bad idea. So how are we getting there? I hope this is fun for you! Whoa! Oh... completely under control. Maybe we made a mistake. Doesn't look like anything's out here. Care to update your hypothesis, kid? My blasts are doing nothing! How tough are these things? Not tough enough! Hulk! Thanks, Big Green. I totally know him. Funny, 'cause I don't know you. Who the Hulk are you? Gnarly... interconnected poly‐mesh build. And yet, I utterly bashed it. I so, so, so rule. Hulk, did you do something with your hair, face, vocabulary? I get it. You know Banner. He's cool, but... Come on! Spider‐Man, meet Amadeus Cho. He's in the Avengers intern program too. I'm sure you've heard of me... seventh smartest person in the world. Nice to meet you, Bug‐man. Ah, Spider‐Man, actually. Same diff. Did you follow us, Cho? Yep, you were missing when I came to take my shift at the tower. Based on the trail of clues you guys left, I figure we need to smash some AIM heads, bring your banished friends back, and rescue a small alien life‐form. Am I right? Wait, how do you know all that? Seventh smartest person... keep up. Good news, this thing is very old‐school. It's not wirelessly connected to any other systems, so AIM still doesn't know we're here. Nice, I like a surprise party. The island's center has the densest foliage. That's the most likely place for a hidden base. What are you doing? Leading. Ugh. What'd you call this place again? We've been transported to a twisted mirror version of our reality Think of it as a Negative New York. What, like the traffic is great, but the pizza's terrible? Good one, right? Up top. Don't leave me hanging, Doc. Yes! See? Your cloak gets it. Jeez, Doctor Grumpy‐pants, it's not my fault your baron buddy abracadabra'ed us to wherever this place is. A pocket dimension? The Unknown Realms are beyond the understanding of science. Right, but seriously. I was like you once. As a surgeon, I believed science could explain everything in the universe. Then I was injured in a way that medical science could not heal. Magic, however, did. There are some things that science just cannot do. Wait... we passed the "Daily Bugle" building already. How can it be in front of us again? Hm. And this reality is a closed loop, and it's causing some kind of magical interference, which must be why I haven't been able to reopen the portal we came through. Are you saying we're stuck here? Well, let's just say you better not have any exciting plans for tonight back on Earth. Actually, I'm betting that's not a problem. Ouch! Is there a spell that'll make you more chill to hang with? Not that I've ever found, no. You said you had a hard time making friends, but it seems like you got a whole tower that's a teenage superhero party... one that I wasn't invited to. Just because the other interns and I have one thing in common doesn't mean we're BFFs. It's somewhere to start, right? Look, I'm driven. I prioritize my work. That turns people off, but it also makes me me. I can't just turn off who I am. Of course not, but you might have more in common with the other interns than you think. Nice. Through applied chaos theory, I've leadership'ed us to a clue. Is that Avengers intern speak for "oops"? Give me sonar echo analysis, Not‐T. A deep vent... could be running the length of the island. Might be access tunnels to an underground base. Only one way to find out. - Ugh. - Ugh! We might have to be a little more subtle if we're gonna sneak inside a hidden AIM base. Hulks don't do subtle. We do smash. Fine, I'll do subtle. And I'll be the best at it. Starting now. Leadership! Oh, put X in the center square. Do not fraternize with the specimen, fool. You're a guest in this lab, Mordo. Show some respect. Bah, so‐called Scientist Supreme or not, you need to understand that AIM provides me minor assistance only. The sorcery of Baron Mordo will conquer the day. If your parlor tricks could do this alone, you'd have already succeeded. This specimen's biology can only be unlocked by science. Power up phase complete. - Activate. - Activate. I am Groot. Excellent, a portion of the specimen's essential nature has been extracted. Move to phase two. Ok, team! Keep an eye out for more defenses like those AIM‐bots I so totally, awesomely obliterated. I'm the one who can scan tunnels. I should be up front. Why do you think you're the leader, Cho? Well, one, I'm the aforementioned seventh smartest. And two, I've been an Avenger intern longer than you. By one day. This is my mission. Cool it, guys. We're finally getting somewhere. I'm surprised there aren't any booby traps. Oh, why do I say things like that? This section's reinforced. I can't smash through! I notice neither one of you is claiming to be the leader anymore. Well, we're all about to be a lot closer friends. With jokes like that, I wish these walls would just squish us already. Riri, there must be a gear assembly causing the walls to move. Can you locate it? Hey, got something! Even if that's where the gears are, so what? I told you it's reinforced. I can't pound through. But you can pry it open a little bit, right? That's all I need. Hold on. Fast thinking, Spidey. It's not over yet. Take cover! My webs held the engine in place, but all that force had to go somewhere, so boom. Thank you, physics. Impressive for a bug. Maybe one day you'll even become a leader like me. Ugh, why is this leader thing so important to you both? It's weird. When I'm leading, at least I know where I stand with people. And everyone assumes being a Hulk means I'm a bonehead. I like to show that I'm more than just a clumsy ox. Listen, we're at our best when we work together like just now. Ironheart, you located the mechanism. Cho, you made the hole. And you did all the "thwip, thwip." Right, so maybe we worry less about who the leader is and focus on working together to get my friend Groot out of here alive. Got a fault in section four with the gear assembly. Surprised anything in this old base works at all. Should I check it out? Yes, and take a couple of other agents with you just in case. Meltwid teamstride dire usse! Mordo, AIM has put considerable resources into this project. We expect results. And you will have them, but your science has not given me enough. I need more from the specimen. Initiate another extraction. Huh? What are they doing to Groot? That's it... smash time. But what if Mordo just banishes you like he did Doctor Strange and Miles? What we need here is... I swear, if you say subtlety... Stop, maybe Groot can rescue himself and get up to us. Huh? Mm, mm. That's gotta be the release button. I am Groot! Hey, my ice cream! Huh? Oh. Idiots, keep a better eye on him. He could have hit the release button. Oh. Well, so much for that idea. Just reached my daily steps. Cho, I think we need new costumes. Ooh, that's gotta hurt Look, I'm a scientist. Maybe I can help you get us out of here. We're talking some form of energy, right? Again, we're in a realm of sorcery. You need to think of science and mysticism as separate worlds. Speaking of things that are supposed to be separate, Oscorp shouldn't be that close to "The Daily Bugle", right? By the Hoary Hosts of Hoggoth, Negative New York is shrinking. Fun shrinking like Ant‐Man or bad shrinking like... The second one. Aw, man. This costume just can't contain my awesomeness. It's okay. There's something else I need you to do, and you're going to like it. Meltwid teamstride dire usse! Results Mordo, or is your hocus pocus all just mumbo jumbo? Of course not. My work is now complete as you will soon see. Look out below! The Hulk... a Hulk! Wow, the world's seventh smartest person is probably the world's first best at creating diversions. Guess it sometimes pays to be unsubtle. Muscles can't help you against the Scientist Supreme, you mindless monster! Mindless? Ugh. Unshielded cabling? How is that supreme? Makes it so easy to do this... feedback! Mindless, huh? This Hulk's brains are as big as his muscles. Oafs, what are you doing? You could have freed the specimen. Sorry, I was just, um, powering up the tool for, um, wizarding? Spider‐man, you dare defy me? That's what this looks like, huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? I am Groot. I am Groot! I am Golem! Whoa, all we need now is a tire swing. Wow, flaming magic tree dudes? So awesome, but also not awesome! Look with awe upon my wood golems... monster children of science and magic here to bend the will of the Earth to my bidding! But first, they shall destroy you! Science and magic combined, and I didn't bring my wand or my microscope! I am Golem! My wood golem army will be your doom! What, these walking campfires? Hey, what are you a tree hugger? Guys, hear that? I said "tree hugger." That's gold! Please, even my jokes are better. - Are they though? - Wow. Ah! I am Golem! I am Golem! I am Golem! Wait, they aren't after me. They're after ice cream! Looks like you weirdos got more than just powers from Groot. What are you doing, kiddo? You'll send a dangerous energy surge into the... - Oh, I get it. - Spidey, duck! Your wood golems are now toothpick golems, Mordo. Half‐alien, half‐magic, my creations are unstoppable! And I was really hoping that was gonna work. From the Book of Vishanti, I cast the reversal spell of Zartog. Ugh, another failure. Dude, I can help. Just tell me how this works. Ugh, fine. This realm is drawing together due to a contraction from bands of unseen but powerful magic. Interference caused by that contraction is blocking my ability to reopen the portal. And these bands of unseen magic are just streams of energy? So if we disrupt them for a second, that should give you time to cast your spell, right? Yes, but how would we do that? You forgot about my electro‐sting power, Doc. Electricity is a force of science. It's incompatible with magic. Look, mystical or not, I've studied high intensity energy reactions, and I know they can be interrupted by electricity. Shouldn't we try making science and magic interact? You have to let me try. Show me where to jolt. There at the node where several bands of mystical energy intersect. Be ready with the spell. I can't hold my sting for long. Illata, kala't'na‐septara! Did it work? This isn't, like, a Double Negative New York, is it? By Agamotto's Eye, it did work. I... I stand corrected. Stephen Strange? No! Mordo's the one who banished us, so the reversal spell took us directly to his location. Wood golems? What twisted horrors have you been committing here? Allow me to show you firsthand! Miles, great to see you. Where does that portal lead to? - Nowhere positive. - Perfect! Ironheart, Cho, push the golems into that portal! Not having luck with the lumberjack routine over here! Spidey, we're losing our chance! Wait... the ice cream! Ironheart, the ice cream from those ice cream machines. Can you holo‐project it? Yeah, but why would... oh. - Huh? - Huh? - I am Golem. - I am Golem. I am Golem. My wonderful monsters! You're free! Now you can grab all the ice cream you want. I am Groot! Aw, you're welcome, Groot. Gotta admit, we make a pretty good team even without me as the obvious leader. Hey, and, uh... wow, I'm terrible at this... maybe we could hang sometime, like, not as interns. Great idea, especially since no one ever asked me to be an intern. PJs, the intern program is for heroes in training. Oh, I'm well aware of what it is. Well, that's my point. You don't need it. You're already a hero, kid. Oh, thanks. AIM and Mordo will be secure in our cells until the Avengers get back from whatever space mission they're on. Perfect timing, Ironheart. I think Doctor Strange has almost accessed Groot's message. Silence, please. Spider‐man, this is Star Lord... yes, the Star Lord. I have urgent, vital, world‐threatening info for you that you need to act on immediately... in less than 24 hours... because the Symbiotes are headed for Earth! Web‐head, you're pretty much the only guy on your planet who's ever dealt with these aliens before. Venom, you called yours, I think, whatever. Well, now a whole load of them are on the way I know you're like, "Oh, no sweat, Star Lord will save us 'cause he's so cool." And usually, you'd be right, but look, this time, buddy, I'm not gonna make it, and protecting the Earth is all on you. Good luck. Groot, get that message to Spider‐man. No distractions, promise? I am Groot. I am Groot! A Symbiote invasion is coming, and we're the Earth's only defense. Sync corrections by srjanapala 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 