Spider-Man: Season 3, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Spider-Man 
 s3e1 - Web of Venom - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Spider-Man (2017–…): Season 3, Episode 1 - Web of Venom - full transcript 
 When Spider-Man discovers Max Modell is experimenting with a synthetic version of the Venom symbiote, he warns him of the dangers. When Curt Connors stumbles on the experiment, he accidentally releases the real symbiote. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 *MARVEL'S SPIDER-MAN* Maximum Venom *MARVEL'S SPIDER-MAN* Season 03 Episode 01 Episode Title: "Web of Venom" Aired on: April 19, 2020 Hey, there, remember me? You tried to take over the world, I crushed your plans. It's kind of what I do. Ahh! First Vulture, now Electro? Did you guys carpool? Is it just me, or is there no spark between us anymore? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Ah...ah! Is this some kind of a villain flash mob or something? I can learn the moves if you go slow. Sandman, now Venom? This is a pretty essential "Worst Of" playlist. Okay... didn't see that coming. Yeah, me either. I guess the system still has a few bugs. Yeah, it definitely has one big bug. Me. 'Cause I'm a bug? "Spider-Man." You know, when we all used our powers 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 to test Horizon's new hard-ight hologram training room, we somehow managed to do it without the bad jokes. - Ouch. - Guys, we gotta run. Bus leaves in five. Thanks, Spidey. You've given us all kinds of valuable data. Once we get it working, the city's emergency response teams are gonna love training with this thing. Where are you guys rushing off to? Weeklong college tour? Don't tell me you forgot to sign up, Pete. If you hurry, maybe Max can squeeze you onto the list. - Maybe. - Oh, man. Where's a phone booth when you need one? What's a phone booth? Oh, hey, I gotta run. I can't believe I forgot to sign up for the college tour. Between high school and being Spider-Man, I haven't had a second to think about my future. I just need to get out of this costume and find... Max? That's weird. No one's supposed to be in this wing while it's being rebuilt. Hey, Max, sorry to bother you, but there's this college tour, and... The Venom symbiote? Max, no! Don't freak out. I'm gonna get you out of this thing. Somehow. Uh... - Pete? How'd you get in here? - Huh? Bigger question. How are you controlling the V?252? Are you working with it? You swore you'd never touch it again. Oh, this isn't the original symbiote. It's a synthetic copy that works just like it. It can be controlled by its host's mind, and based on my tests so far, this version appears to be perfectly safe. A safe Venom symbiote? I'm skeptical. After Venom was defeated, I was able to gather a tiny sample of the original alien symbiote, keeping it under heavy security, which has enabled me to do this: replicate it on a cellular level. But unlike the original V?252, this new substance isn't alive. Remember my dream of using it to revolutionize the world? Prosthetic limbs, fire containment. I gave it up when we discovered the V?252 was a living organism, but now? Now I've reached the breakthrough I've been struggling to achieve. Yeah, but are you sure it's safe? We still know so little about Venom. We don't even know why it came to Earth in the first place. Anything could go wrong. I agree. That's why I'm using myself as the subject. I've been running intense testing on it. In secret, around hundreds of innocent students. My reasons for this are personal. Have you ever had something so important to you that you could never give up on it? No matter what? I will go public with this after I prove it's completely safe. In fact, I need help finishing the testing, and I can't think of a better assistant than you, Pete. Me? Uh, I don't know, Max. Oh, shoot. I forgot. We have a tour for a new student scheduled right now. It's gonna take me a while to safely close up this lab. Any chance you can handle the tour? Well, since I missed the college bus, sure. Who's the new student? Whoa, Park Peterson? You go here? Hello again, Grady Scraps. Looks like I'm your tour guide. And it's, uh, Peter Parker. Mm, nope. When we met at the Bilderberg Academy, you said your name was Park Peterson. Fact. That is so me. I'm fun like that. So you're at Horizon High now. Yeah. It was such a bummer when we all learned Bilderberg was a front for AIM, that evil science organization. So, you know, I was just doing some home schooling, but my parents, uh, firmly suggested I find a new place to study. I see you ended up here too. Do you like it? Oh, Horizon's one of the best things that's ever happened to me, and I think you'll find it's... Absolutely amazing! This is the hard?light holo training room designed by my friends Miles, Gwen, and Anya. Students designed a hologram room? Mind equals... Oh, yeah. Students make almost everything here. The advanced computer network, the jet propulsion room, astrophysics modeling. Even the security bots are student?designed. We also just installed this antigravity chamber to help run experiments for the Space Administration. You gotta have hundreds of projects and systems online at once. I bet the power bill's a fortune. Nope. Tony Stark has us covered. He recently donated this new Arc Reactor system. It provides highly efficient renewable energy for the entire school. No way! You know, I met Tony Stark. We're kind of buddies, really. That's cool. I'm actually pretty good friends with Spider-Man. Wow, name dropping. You must be pretty insecure. Did I mention I also met The Hulk once? Wow, so many students designing so many incredible projects. I'm gonna fit right in here, 'cause I pretty much make incredible things all the time. Well, not everything turns out great at Horizon. No way. I can't believe anyone's projects ever fail at this school. You'd be surprised. The Project Graveyard. This is where all the failed, abandoned, or malfunctioning projects end up, securely put away. Horizon's philosophy is that failure is just a chance to learn from your mistakes. Whoa. Looks like this was modified to create local weather events or something? It didn't start out as a weather machine, but it did backfire and almost destroy another school's auditorium. Not anyone's best moment. There is so much awesome stuff here. I can't believe it. You and me both. Dr. Curt Connors. And I agree. Some of the work in here, even if it ultimately failed, is brilliant. Hi. I'm Grady Scraps. I'm new here, and... oh, my! You have a robot arm! Well, I am the new advanced biomechanics professor. I thought I'd come down here to look for ideas as I write up my class syllabus tonight. I want to give my students the proper challenges and encouragement. Sounds mega?awesome. I sure hope I get your class, Dr. Connors. So do I. Us new guys gotta stick together, right? Can I look around in here? I want to see just what kind of work Horizon is going to expect of me. Go for it. You're one of us now. Call me if you need anything. So, Peter, impressionism, cubism. - Potato?ism? - Hmm? You've made at least three sculptures with your mashed potatoes, but haven't taken a bite. Oh, a lot on my mind, I guess. Someone I respect a lot at Horizon is doing some... questionable things. Dangerous things? I'm... not sure. I don't know exactly how to fix your problem, but I do know Ben Parker's nephew always finds a way to do the right thing. Maybe you need to take your mind off school. When's the last time you just hung out with friends? Harry? Harry's busy with OsCorp, and all my other friends are away touring colleges right now, which I totally forgot to sign up for. Well, then meet somebody new. Anna Watson's niece moved in next door. Hmm? Oh, hey. Gotta take this, Aunt May. No one would call me from school if it wasn't super important Grady, is everything okay? I'm thinking no, but I would love to get your opinion. What was that? Yeah, I haven't had time to name it. So there might be a little, tiny, no?big?deal emergency. - Ahh... - Grady? Where's this little emergency? Uh, I'm not sure "little" applies anymore. It's kind of gotten bigger. Okay. How much bigger? Uh... roughly that size! Ah! Ah! Whatever grave you crawled out of, it's time for a return trip. Whoa! Are you on the baseball team? I had no idea you were such a jock. No, I, uh, play a lot of badminton with my aunt. Besides, Horizon doesn't have a baseball team. Sure, it does. The Horizon Circuit?breakers. They're in the brochure. We have a brochure? I vote we run for cover. There's no shame in this. The one with the bat should go first. That means you. So what is that thing? I found a half?finished project. It looked like a cool robot or something, so I brought it online, and well, that happened. It looked a lot smaller when you called me. Yeah, it's... growing. How is that possible? Quantum entanglement, and I'm guessing some serious emotional baggage? At least we got it contained. Any theories on how to stop it? I scanned it before you got here. See? I think that's the power cell. Shut that down, and I bet it'll stop it in its tracks, if we can get close enough to it. We might not need to. My friend Anya once invented a scrambler that could shut down anything electronic from a distance. But it couldn't pass safety standards... long story... so it ended up in the Graveyard. Anya Corazon? Found it in the Graveyard index. Cabinet 68D. Way in the back... in the dark, where no one should ever go. Why don't the lights work in here? This place is really creepy. It's usually less creepy. Like when there's not a techno?monster trying to eat us. If we can't see it, hopefully it can't see us. It's got, like, a million eyes. I bet it sees fine in the dark. Both: Ah! What is that? That's Miles's old automatic hamburger slicer. Who slices their hamburgers? It's not in the Project Graveyard because everyone loved it. There it is. The coast is clear. Ahh! Get the device. I'll hold it off. Whoa, he has a really quick metabolism. Anya's device has a single charge, so we've only got one shot. Then shoot it! Yeah, no. I have terrible aim. Hmm. So that thing eats technology whole? And must absorb it. That's how it's growing so fast. It's like a technology carnivore. A Technovore. Yes, I named it! Wait. This whole school is filled with cutting?edge tech. If it gets out, it'll be unstoppable. Why would you let me near that thing? We gotta stop it before it finishes eating that weather device. Ahh! What is all the noise in here? I'm trying to... what is that? Dr. Connors, don't let it get out! Hey! I'm using this! Ugh. An explanation is in order. It's all my fault, sir. I was trying to bring one of the failed projects online, and good news, I succeeded. Bad news: I succeeded in starting up a Technovore. Good name, though, right? It apparently eats technology and gains the abilities of that tech. So now that it's loose in the school, it could eat all our work? It could eat everything, - including... Horizon's Arc Reactor! - Horizon's Arc Reactor! With a power source like that, who knows how large it could grow? It could eat New York! I'll get help. "Get help" wasn't exactly a lie. Being stuck with Grady really put a cramp in my web?shooting style. Hey, something's not right. Where's your hall pass, "student name here"? Hall pass. Hall... Uh?oh. Talk about "you are what you eat." Now, if you'll excuse me, I just need to grab your power cell and... - Spider-Man! - Max. Max, stay back! Whoa! Are... are you laughing? I have a very low tickle tolerance. And all my limbs are where they're supposed to be. I guess it only eats technology, so I'm not on the menu. It ate my web?shooters! Oh, now this is personal. What is that thing? Long story. Let's just say it's a good thing you're here. Come on. Whoa, I bet "all you can eat" places hate you. This Particle Spectrograph absorbs exotic matter. For you, that's gotta be mouthwatering, right? Nice try, but this is fast food. Is that a dinner bell I hear? Looks like someone's salivating. That's Pavolv comedy by the way Technovore, reservation for one. Come and get it. Brilliant plan, Spider-Man. We overloaded its eye sensors with visual input. It's stunned. Time to grab that power cell. Oh, no, not now! The holo room's bugs. How did I forget about the bugs? The Technovore's gotta be heading to the Arc Reactor. How do we stop it? Anything electronic we throw at it, it'll just consume. But we do have something that's purely chemical. The synthetic symbiote. Uh, symbiote? You created a new version of Venom? That's way too dangerous! The synthetic version isn't a living thing. I told you this morning, we can control it. I wasn't here this morning. Look, I can tell keeping your identity secret is important to you, but we don't have time to pretend. This is our only chance to stop that monster from destroying the school and the city. You need to trust me here, Peter. What did you just call me? Don't worry, Peter. Your secret's safe with me. But how did you know? I am a genius, remember, and you dropped more than enough clues during your fight with Toomes a few weeks ago. You can trust me to keep a secret, but you also need to trust me that the new symbiote can be controlled. Max, after all I've been through with you, of course I trust you. It's the symbiote I don't trust. - Last time... - Last time, you were dealing with an alien life form. This time, you're working with my creation. The Technovore's rampaging toward our Arc Reactor right now. Okay, Max. Let's do this thing. Remember, unlike the original symbiote, this one has no desire to control you. But you should have all the same abilities, like webbing and tendril control. Wow. It's merged with my normal costume somehow. Can we do this with all my clothes? And my lenses now have more functions. Venom's original sight must have combined with your own. Try symbiote web?slinging. It should still work by mental command. Webs: check. But I don't think that's all it can do. Yeah. That's gonna give my normal suit an inferiority complex. Scan for the Technovore. Oh, I can read his heat signature, and it looks like... oh, no. Dining alone? That's so sad. Well, maybe it's your horrible personality. Perhaps, time for some self?reflection? Oh! Oh?ho?ho, you're symbiote?intolerant? Well, that's too bad. Don't worry, Spidey! You came to clean up my mess, but I can help. Connors? What are you doing? The boy has a plan he says will stop this monster. No, no, no, it's too dangerous. Get to safety, and let Spider-Man handle this. Spidey's in danger 'cause of me. These zero?G panels from the Anti?Grav room should do the trick. Are you working for the monster? Why would you feed it more tech? That's why. It compulsively eats gear, then takes on the properties of what it ate. So why not use that against it? Look. It's helpless. Maybe "helpless" is the wrong word. This is an outcome I did not anticipate. You just gave the Technovore the ability to master gravity. One-way ticket for Technovore Airlines, please! Just need to get the power cell. Uh. And that's what you get for overeating. I am so sorry. All I wanted to do was impress everyone, and now those same everyones are going to hate me. Worst first day ever, right? Surprisingly, not at Horizon. This was an honest mistake, Grady, but it's been a good lesson. Uh, how is that possible? No scientist should push beyond what he or she knows is safe. This thing is fully integrated into my normal costume, and I can retract it off and on at will. It's like the original symbiote, minus the hate. I like costumes that don't wanna destroy me. Peter, I am so very amazed by what you do as Spider-Man. It's a shame not everyone knows who you really are. You've done miraculous things. Nothing as miraculous as you. A stable synthetic version of the symbiote without the unfortunate mind?warping side effects? This could change the world, Max. Well, what I told Grady just now about scientists not pushing beyond what is safe... I realize I could be talking about myself. Hold up. Before, you were insisting we could do this. Now that we know it works, you're worried? I've thought it worked before, and each time was a terrible mistake. This won't be a mistake if we test it properly, together. Together. Deal. Thanks, Peter. I'm sorry for all the trouble I caused, Dr. Connors. That was my favorite robotic arm, Mr. Scraps. I'm sure you'll be safer next time. Yeah! 'Cause that was pretty much the least safe thing I could've done today. I don't even know how all of that happened. It worked perfectly. The student thinks it was all his fault, and that tech beast forced Modell's hand. Just as you suspected, he does still have the V?252 symbiote, and he's keeping it somewhere inside Horizon High. Time to move to the next phase of the plan. Hey?o, notice anything different? Don't worry, same old Spidey here, except now I can do this. Ah, don't have anything to say? I can tell by your expressions that you're way impressed. This data from the test robots is staggering. Your response time, impact force... it's unreal. Oh, yeah, Max, I got to admit... mental control over this new synthetic symbiote suit opens up a whole world of possibilities. I love my webs, but they can never make one of these. Not to mention one of these. Let alone a this. The possibilities seem limitless. Seem? I think this costume might literally have no weakness. Aah! Spidey, reassert mental control. Whew. Whoa. I'll check the box next to new suit hates electricity. That was why we do safety testing. Looks like the suit has a weakness to electric current. Huh. That electrical overload is how I beat the real Venom last time... which is kind of problematic 'cause I go up against electricity all the time. I've got this one foe who's, like, entirely made of it. Agh! Shocking. Mm. The key is continued testing. Eventually we'll get this solved. Sounds like trouble. Spidey, wait. The suit might not be ready for this. Can't think of a better way to field?test it. What is going on in here? What's going on here, Max? It appears the new Stark Industries train system has lost control. At that speed, it'll jump the tracks and plow through the next station. So that's the bad news, copy. Good news... I'm betting if I can take out this train's arc reactor engine, it'll shut the whole thing down. But that's an electric engine, as in exactly what we just discovered can severely damage the symbiote suit. You shouldn't even touch it. Is there any other way to stop this train and save everyone? No. Okay, I was hoping for a different answer. Then this is what I got to do, no matter what happens to me. So, uh... Peter, Peter! What's happening? Call me Spider-Man, please. And I'm not only okay. I'm kind of awesome. The suit didn't react to the electricity at all. - But testing indicated... - That we still have a lot more testing to do before we completely understand this artificial symbiote you created. Oh, man, thanks for the save, Spider-Man. - Uh, that is Spider-Man, right? - Who knows? There's so many of them webbing around these days. Don't let my new style fool you. I'm the one, the only, the original friendly neighborhood Spider-Man. Outie, y'all. "Outie y'all"? Yeah, that's him, all right. So first, this new symbiote suit hates electricity, then it's totally fine with it? Pick a lane. I'm sure the answer is buried in our data somewhere. Speaking of data, when do we go public with this synthetic symbiote substitute? Say that five times fast. Synthetic symbiote substitute, synthetic symbiote substitute... I can't release my findings yet, Peter. Venom caused so much destruction. People could react emotionally to my work and not understand this lab?grown version of the symbiote is safe. But the reaction will be even worse if they think you've been working on a symbiote in secret. We'll tell everyone once testing is done, once we prove it's safe. But there is something I think should go public. Max... That's not gonna happen. Don't you want credit for all the wonderful things you do, like saving that train just now? It's called a secret identity... emphasis on "secret." And how much stress are you putting on yourself trying to keep this secret? Iron Man doesn't do it. Captain America, Hulk, Vision, all open about who they are. Those people live in a tower with other superheroes. I live in Queens with my aunt. Let's just say I have my reasons... okay? Of course Horizon has a baseball team, The Circuit Breakers. I can't believe you've never read our brochure. - Again with the... - Dr. Modell? Mr. Parker? I thought the only thing in that direction was the closed section of the school... the off?limits section. Dr. Connors, yeah, I'm just, uh... I'm doing some structural analysis of damaged buildings for class. A structural engineering class? That's not in the course listings. Uh, it's independent study. Horizon likes to encourage individual student interests. Speaking of students, how's Grady Scraps? Recovering from yesterday I hope. Hmm, a change of subject, but since you ask, I haven't seen Mr. Scraps today. However, I've heard he's back in the project graveyard. I hope he's okay. Peter, can you check on him? Sure thing, Max. In the meantime, Doctor, I have some administrative duties to attend to. If you'll excuse me. Hmm. Eureka! Grady, you don't have to do this. Ah, of course I do. After unleashing the Technovore on literally my first day at a new school, I'd say day two should be cleaning up my mess. All the other students must hate me already, huh? Don't worry about it. At Horizon, we're sort of used to bizarre stuff busting up the school every once in a while. Still, talk about a bad first impression. Worse than when my snake?cloning experiment flooded my old school with pythons. Fortunately, we got all of them... I think. No, Bleet, stop. He's not scrap. Yes, I'm sure. Go be useful. Sorry. He's a little cleaner bot I made. But, clearly, I can't do anything right. - How can I pitch in to help? - No, no. I'm the one who raised someone's old nightmare creature from the graveyard. I should be the one to pick it up. Yeah, you're the one who managed to bring the Technovore online, but I wonder who originally built it. Peter! I need you right now. You think Venom is escaping? I sure hope not, but something tripped the silent alarm... come on. Connors, what are you doing? Exposing your corrupt operation. A secret lab in a closed section of the school where you've hidden an alien life form capable of mass destruction. What monstrous experiments are going on here? It's not what you think. But you're right about that thing being dangerous, Connors. Please, just put it down so we can talk and... You want me to let go of the proof of what Modell's been doing? Ha! I'm not a fool, Parker. Dr. Connors! You've got to fight it. You've got to... Venom's back. Miss me? Nope! All the nopes. I like the new costume. Nice look. Thanks, just like yours minus the creepy. Connors, you have to fight Venom. Fight this! You no longer concern me, Spider-Man. Ow, emotional punch. And after all we've been through. It's like you don't even care about my feelings. The time has finally come. I know you're just a sliver of your former self, but you're really not all there, are you? Oh, don't worry. There's enough of me to deal with you. Peter! Peter, come on. Please call me Spider-Man. This should hold him. What are you doing? You're hurt. You can't just run after Venom. I have to. We don't have time. Venom got too much of a head start. He could be anywhere by now. Pete... uh, Spidey, I'm picking up police activity nine blocks east. Nine blocks? He's traveling fast. Where's the... Whoa. Subtle, Venom. Oh! Run! Run! What, you don't think New York traffic is bad enough already? You just added 20 minutes to everyone's commute. Okay, 40 minutes. Thanks, but I don't want these. Surprise! Now to free Connors. I'm sure he's got some papers to grade or something. Tastes familiar. So that's what I saw Modell doing in his lab. Well, this is what I get for bringing a symbiote suit to a Venom fight. Enough! When Venom uses the seed, it will be the end of this pathetic planet. Seed? I didn't take you for a green thumb. You've served your purpose, Connors. No! Hold on, Doc. I hope you brought your water wings. If you're lucky, Connors, won't remember any of this. Max, you there? Connors is unconscious but seems okay. Can you send an ambulance to my location? Already on it. Bigger problem... we lost eyes on Venom. I think I know how to track him. Brilliant, Peter! You're right. We can't track Venom, but we can't track the faint energy from the synthetic symbiote suit he absorbed. Thanks. But, again, it's Spider-Man. Oh, sorry. You know, Tony Stark doesn't have these problems. Yeah, well, Tony Stark doesn't have to go to high school. Wow, when Venom leaves town, he really leaves town. Oh, no, the dense woods must be blocking the tracker. We lost him. Venom's acting like he's on a mission, but what is it? Max, how did Venom get to Earth? They found him crashed on a meteoroid. And I have a guess where it landed. Dark creepy woods, a mysterious abandoned science outpost, electrified fence, and a monster out here. If this was a movie, this is where the audience would scream, "Don't go in there!" So... guess what I'm about to do. This looks like the path of a meteor crashing to Earth, but no sign of Venom. Did I beat him here? Maybe he got what he wanted and already left? Did the Space Administration have any theories why Venom came to Earth in the first place? Yes, they always assumed it was an accident, a crash landing. But what if it wasn't an accident? What if he came here for a purpose? And this seed he keeps talking about, it's finally ready. Ready for what? The answer's just not hitting me. Aah! I knew you'd follow me, Spider. The time is now! You will bear witness. It has grown. It is ready. Aah! Well, Max, I think we now know why Venom came here... to destroy our planet! Spidey, what's happening? I'm getting extreme readings... heat, seismic activity. Venom's using that seed he's been ranting about. He must've planted it when he landed, and now I think it's ready to tear the planet apart. But I'm not waiting to find out. Hey, ugly! He didn't even look. Max, what's the reading... Aah! Spider-Man, you have to get out of there. The seismic activity is accelerating. He's gonna cause a massive earthquake. No, I'm the only one who can stop this. Max, I've got it. Venom is now mostly composed of the synthetic symbiote you created. It's got to be, like, 80% of him. So I know his weakness... electricity. No, electricity only damaged the suit once during testing. Not all electricity damages it, but maybe a specific kind of electricity. Something about the current, the frequency... There's no way I could sift through all our data and determine what that is before it's too late. Well, I might know someone who can. And so I learned my lesson. That was absolutely the last time I ever wore an Abraham Lincoln costume to school, Bleet. Wow, it feels good to confess that. Grady! Aah! Is there any aspect of electricity that would disrupt the molecules of a synthetic material the way this data suggests? Um, this is a really weird pop quiz. Come on, Grady, nerd faster. Yeah, well, uh, I?I'd have to have process the potential variables, offset for atmospheric conditions. We don't have time for that right now. I need an answer. I think this amplitude could cause that unstable result, but I'm not positive because I don't exactly work well under pressure. This isn't for a grade, is it? Oh, you're a lifesaver. I'm so glad you've come to Horizon. Grady figured it out? He seemed pretty confident. "Pretty confident"? Would he bet his life on it? 'Cause I'm about to. Can you adjust the setting? I'm pretty confident I just did. How confident? Would you bet your life on it? Funny you should bring that up. Agh! Yay, science. Ow. Yes. Yes. I-I understand. - What was that? - The school board. When Connors came to, he told them all about my unconventional experiments. I'm under investigation, and they're letting Connors take custody of everything in my lab. What? Max, you can explain to them... That I let my own personal obsessions help Venom almost destroy the planet? Pete, the reason I've never given up on this project is that... a few years ago, I was in an accident, and someone, a stranger, risked everything to save me, and they got hurt badly. I thought the V-252 could help them. I was determined, so I made this personal, which was a mistake. The board is right to investigate, and whatever they decide I will live with. I understand personal obsession, Max. The main reason I fight crime is because through my inaction, I lost someone very important to me, and I'm going to make sure no one ever loses a loved one again, not if I can help it. Sometimes that means taking risks that make no sense to anyone else. I get it, Max. You know... scientists are supposed to be methodical, unemotional... but that's impossible sometimes. I understand now why you protect your identity. You don't want to put people you care about in danger. You don't want to lose anyone else. I won't press the issue anymore. Hmm. So what is that seed? A bomb, something to drill into the Earth to poison it? With Venom now gone... I fear we might never know. Sync corrections by srjanapala 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 