Spider-Man: Season 3, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Spider-Man 
 s3e5 - Generations - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Spider-Man (2017–…): Season 3, Episode 5 - Generations - full transcript 
 Discovering a vial of the Jackal formula at Horizon High, the Spider Team realizes that the Jackal has returned since the Spider Island crisis. Spider-Man and Ghost-Spider track down ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [dramatic music] ‐ Good morning, Horizon High. This is your new principal, Dr. Connors. Reminder: all students must turn in their completed lab projects to the transport drones at precisely 2:59 p. m. today, no exceptions. Speaking of no exceptions, starting Monday, students are required to wear their new Horizon uniforms at all times. ‐ [groans] ‐ [groans] ‐ Man, Dr. Connors seems particularly cold‐blooded. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And not just 'cause he turned into a lizard once. ‐ [chuckles] Cheer up, fellow inmates. Horizon is about to get a splash of color. ‐ Good morning, Horizon High. Are you ready to party? [upbeat music playing] [students cheering] ‐ Pretty easy to hack into a security bot when I programmed them in the first place. ‐ Hmm? [blaster fires] ‐ All students proceed to class in an orderly fashion. ‐ [groans] Another day at No Fun High. ‐ I miss Max as principal. He encouraged us to be individuals, to push boundaries. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ‐ Well, unfortunately, Max pushed the boundaries so far with his Venom technology that he got fired. ‐ I know Max made mistakes, but I don't trust Dr. Connors at all. I mean, what's with this new faculty? And these drone deliveries to the faculty lounge? And then there's our lab projects. We're testing all these random components with no explanation. It's like they want us to build some bigger project, but they don't want us to know what it is. ‐ Huh? Whoa! ‐ I agree. It's sketchy. And I'm no fan of Connors, but not everything is a supervillain plot. ‐ Well, actually, at my old school, everything was a supervillain plot. But that's what happens when your school was secretly run by AIM. Guys, I think we better get to work if our projects have to be completed by precisely 2:59 p. m. [boys groan] ‐ Grady, doesn't it bother you that we don't know why they want us to test the limits of this fluid injector? ‐ Well, we've all heard Dr. Connors' old saying, "Don't ask why and stop talking to me," so I'm gonna focus on the what and the how. Like testing every what I can think of: apple juice, pudding, refried beans, peanut butter. ‐ How about trying something that's not from your lunch bag? ‐ I agree, which is why I'm pushing the limits now with a super‐corrosive acidic compound. ‐ Uh, Grady, wait! ‐ Don't worry. My calculations confirm the injector can handle it. ‐ [whimpers] ‐ [yelps] Huh? ‐ But you didn't calculate if the containment unit can handle it, did you? ‐ Well, my data on that was... not as detailed. [acid sizzles] Um, what's one floor below us? [confused chatter] Three floors below us? ‐ That acid is heading straight for the Project Graveyard! ‐ I recall from my inventory that one of the abandoned projects stored there is some kind of sonic pulse generator. But there's no chance the acid would fall directly on top of that machine. [loud rumble] [both gasp] [panicked chatter] Okay, maybe some chance. [both shout [panicked chatter] ‐ Why do I always destroy my high schools? ‐ Grady, look out! [grunts] ‐ Huh? Wow! Ooh, so heavy! That support beam's not gonna hold. ‐ Everyone! ‐ We need to evacuate now. ‐ On the ground. Keep your heads down. [dramatic music] ‐ Wait, wait. Where's Peter? ‐ No looking! ‐ I mean heads down, for safety. [all grunting] ‐ Thanks, guys. I know I promised the school board I'd never be Spidey at Horizon again, but... ‐ But you're clearly still wearing your web shooters. Well played. If anyone asks, we'll say Spider‐Girl showed up and did this. ‐ And then mysteriously disappeared. Hmm? [all gasp] ‐ Attention, students. Return to class immediately. [electricity crackling] ‐ Anya! Are you all right? ‐ Maria? What are you doing here? ‐ I was hoping to surprise my baby stepsister. But not like this. ‐ Ms. Corazon, the projects in there might be irreparably damaged. I need all the help I can get from faculty. ‐ Wait, you're faculty? I thought you were away, working on your PhD. ‐ I was, but when Dr. Connors offered to let me finish my research while teaching at Horizon, I jumped on the first plane back to New York. ‐ So awesome! Guys, you've gotta meet my stepsister, Maria. She was my inspiration to pursue science. ‐ Ay, don't blame me, Anya Bananya. You were always too smart for your own good. ‐ Introductions can wait. We need to salvage those student projects. ‐ All due respect, Dr. Connors, shouldn't we be more concerned about the students themselves? ‐ Student safety is my number one concern. Unlike my predecessor. I would just hate to see all their hard work go to waste. ‐ Huh? Huh? Guys, these vials have the same markings as the serums Swarm had. ‐ Where'd these come from? ‐ Only one way to find out. ‐ Attention, students. Clear this area and return to class immediately. ‐ Uncle Raymond, where are you? [keyboard clicking] [suspenseful music] ‐ Look familiar? ‐ [gasps] Where did you find this? ‐ You know those drone deliveries to the faculty lounge? Well, it's not coffee and doughnuts. ‐ I've been searching for clues to my Uncle Raymond's whereabouts for weeks, ever since we found his serums in that underground monster fight club. Now you're telling me the Jackal is still somehow connected with our school? ‐ His serums definitely are. But who knows who's shipping them and from where? ‐ We might be able to trace the where with this motherboard I borrowed from the transport drone. ‐ Borrowed? ‐ The harbor? I need to check this out now. ‐ I'll go with you, Gwen. Meanwhile, someone needs to find out what Dr. Connors is up to with Jackal serum. ‐ We can handle that. ‐ Oh, man, sneaking into the teachers' lounge. I've always wanted to see where the teachers eat their fancy food, make up their stupid rules, and sit on their super‐comfy couches. ‐ I think you're getting way ahead of yourself, uh, not to mention way ahead of me. Can you slow down a little? ‐ If the Jackal's still alive, he could be using Horizon High to re‐create his spider army‐‐ or worse. ‐ According to Miles' data, the drone delivery originated from that warehouse. ‐ No time to waste. If my uncle is in there, then we need to stop him. [grunts] ‐ Did you not see the door latch? Well, you sure showed this empty warehouse who's boss. ‐ [ragged breathing] ‐ Authorized personnel only. Please present identification. ‐ [moans and grunts] ‐ Access granted. Warning! Security breach. [distorted] Warning! Security breach. ‐ A faculty lounge with high security? [panel beeping] I'd say that falls into the category of "abnormal." ‐ I don't know. If I had couches as soft as I think theirs are, I'd want to keep them really secure. [panting] Please... I've done everything you wanted. I need the serum again. [groans, sighs] Thank you. ‐ [sighs] I was so sure I'd find the Jackal this time. But it's a dead end. ‐ Or an excuse to test this new variation on my webbing. Web‐dusting! Oh, I should copyright that. Yes! Evidence. Footprints and wheel marks that suddenly stop at a wall. ‐ Conclusion: the Jackal's lab is behind said wall. ‐ Remember, the last person using those serums was Swarm. He could've stolen them from Jackal, so... it might not be your uncle behind all this. Be ready for anything. ‐ Access code. ‐ Whoa, oh! I got this. Web dust! [chuckles] Copyright Spider‐Man. ‐ Access denied. ‐ Okay, new conclusion. It's a trap! ‐ I see the code buttons. Just gotta get them in the right order. ‐ Access denied. ‐ [whimpers] Oh, no. No, no. ‐ You do know that means 256 possible four‐button combinations, 1,024 five‐button combinations, and 4,096 six‐button combinations. ‐ Well, minus the two I already tried. ‐ Unless you can type at the speed of light, we are going to drown. Wait, what if it's not a sequenced code? [inhales sharply] [dramatic music] ‐ Access granted. ‐ How did you possibly know what pattern to enter? ‐ I didn't enter any pattern. It's a DNA code. Those four keys, pressed at the same time, reacted to my touch. The only way that could have worked is because my DNA is similar to my uncle's. This is a Jackal lab. Well, my suit needed a wash anyway. I was gonna say... ‐ You sure this will work? ‐ Trust me. ‐ Anya? ‐ Huh? ‐ What are you guys doing? ‐ Uh... ‐ Definitely not reprograming a security bot, 'cause why would anyone do anything so stupid and blatantly against the rules? [upbeat music playing] ‐ [sighs] Okay, here's the truth. We think something suspicious is going on in the faculty lounge. Seriously? Like nefarious lesson planning? Or mysterious report card prep? ‐ Look, you have access, right? Can you do me a favor and look around? Check for secret experiments or strange chemicals or something? Please? ‐ This better not be a prank, Anya. ‐ Pinkie swear. Like we did as kids. ‐ Okay, okay. I'll check it out. But I can't have you two loitering where you don't belong. [bot beeping] ‐ If this is Professor Warren's lab, he has definitely upped his creepy evil genius vibe. ‐ My uncle's actions should put him in prison, but I can't lose hope there's still a good man inside. [gasping] Well, if he's alive, I don't even want to know what he has in mind for these ugly things. ‐ Cloning tubes. He's back at his old tricks again, like I was afraid of. ‐ Maybe these could be old, abandoned cloning tubes, not even active, right? ‐ Or very active. ‐ Look out! ‐ [sighs] What's keeping Maria? How long does it take to poke around a faculty lounge? ‐ Uh, it didn't seem like it was high on her to‐do list. But that doesn't mean we don't have other options. The security bot is now completely under my control, and get this: it has the faculty lounge access code keyed into it. We're in! Oh, man! I don't see a single comfy couch. Dreams crushed. [electronic beeping] What's that? ‐ Check it out. I think it's about to get a lot more interesting. ‐ That is a lot of Jackal serum. ‐ And that is our lab work. What are they making out of all of our projects? ‐ The Venom Seed? This is bad. As in a planet full of symbiotes bad. ‐ Oh, no. Maria could be in there. We have to go now. Ugh! You really need to brush more. It appears to be amitsukurina owstonihybrid, also known as a Goblin Shark. ‐ Sure, 'cause being a regular shark just wasn't horrifying enough. ‐ [growls] [both grunt] ‐ Just our luck. It's cornered us on the opposite side of the escape elevator shaft. ‐ Unless there's another elevator right here. Let's hope this is also activated by a DNA scanner. ‐ Access granted. ‐ Yes! Another way out! Great work! I give you an A‐plus. [both growl] A‐minus. ‐ So maybe we quit with the opening of strange doors? It has been all shark hybrids and zero Jackals. ‐ Care to revise that hypothesis? I Knew Raymond Warren would be here. ‐ I don't use that name anymore. I'm only the Jackal now! ‐ It doesn't have to be that way, Unc‐‐Professor! Please listen to me. [both growl] [tense music] ‐ [sighs] Keep your head in the game. Goblin Sharks have 52 rows of teeth. ‐ That is oddly specific knowledge. ‐ I went through a shark phase. ‐ Whatever knocked your security bot off‐line in there, it can't be good. ‐ No time for subtlety. ‐ Security breach! Security breach! ‐ My bot went this way. ‐ Um, isn't there supposed to be a door here? ‐ There is now. Man! What could've done this? ‐ Maybe some new kind of symbiote? What is that? They're extracting DNA from the Venom Seed. ‐ For what? [sighs] Don't tell me they're trying to make a new Venom. Don't these people ever learn? ‐ Always knew you were too smart for your own good, Anya. ‐ Maria? You know who I am? ‐ I knew you wouldn't be able to resist coming in here. [both groaning] ‐ We can't hang here forever. ‐ Got an idea. It might get weird, but just follow my lead. [all growl] ‐ Suckers! ‐ Huh, dissolved? That seems like a design flaw. [yelps] [both growl] Clothesline! Now! ‐ Two grotesque water creatures down, one to go. [grunting] My shark phase is officially over! ‐ Don't stick your nose in other people's business. Uh, you got a little something on your face. Ha! The score: spiders three, shark hybrids zip! ‐ We still have a Jackal to corral. ‐ I see you've made it past my flawed experiments. Finding the perfect balance of evolution is never easy. ‐ Neither is finding new schemes. I mean, building another monster army? Isn't that one played out by now? ‐ Ha! A monster army! That's what you think I've been doing? You have no idea the enormity of the plans underfoot. ‐ I've been searching for you for a long time. You need to return to your family. You need help. ‐ [laughs] Help? For what? My brilliant mind, my superior genetics, or my revolutionary breakthroughs in the possibilities of evolution? No, child, it is you who will need help if you hope to survive what's in store for you. [explosion] [both grunt] Oh, I seem to have left out the part where I reveal all my plans to you. All my secrets will drown in this lab. [laughs] ‐ What are you doing? We need to get out of here. ‐ [grunts] No! I'm trying to access his secret files. I can't leave without some idea of what he's up to or who he's working for. ‐ Oh, no. ‐ Miles and Spider‐Girl aren't answering their phones. ‐ We need to get back to Horizon now! ‐ Huh? ‐ Found the comfy couch. ‐ Sorry for the extreme precautions, Anya, but Dr. Connors and I didn't want you and Miles discovering our surprise before it was ready. ‐ Wait, you know who I am too? [sighs] Why do we even bother with these masks? ‐ What surprise? ‐ In due time. ‐ Don't act coy. We know you're trying to create a new Venom. ‐ Trying? I've succeeded. But that's only part of the surprise. ‐ You're smart kids. Do you have any idea what happens when you combine symbiote DNA with the Jackal's latest serum? ‐ I don't know, but I'm guessing it's a lot more dangerous than anything Max Modell ever did at this school. ‐ Peter Parker, you are in direct violation of Horizon High's strict "no Spider‐Man on campus" policy. ‐ Make a move, and your friends will suffer the consequences. ‐ Maria, why are you doing this? ‐ I think I can shed some light on that. We got to the Jackal's private lab notes. ‐ Good. Then you know who's behind all of this. [suspenseful music] both: Norman Osborn? ‐ The only thing that wasn't in the Jackal's notes... ‐ Is how you're still alive, Norman. ‐ [chuckles] Alive? For too long, I have barely been alive. But that changes now. ‐ Those are the student projects! ‐ Yes, I thank you all for your hard work. Also for your heroic curiosity, which saved me the effort of having to capture all of you myself. Now you can bear witness as I reach my fullest potential. [all gasp] ‐ Huh? ‐ As I achieve my destiny. ‐ As I become... the Dark Goblin! [laughing maniacally] ‐ That was it, the moment that would forever replay in my mind. My greatest defeat at the hands of Spider‐Man. Though severely injured, I would not let it be my end. I reveled in failure, using it to fuel my hatred. I vowed to rise again to find the strength to defeat Spider‐Man, once and for all. My body was damaged, so I needed others carry out my will, such as Curt Connors. The side effects of past experiments left him grappling with his lizard side. I could help him with that for a price‐‐ the price of obedience. Connors became my phantom limb, putting my plans into motion. If I was going to defeat Spider‐Man, I had to become more. There was only one thing I had ever seen that had nearly destroyed my nemesis‐‐ Venom. Knowing Max Modell's personal trauma, and his driven personality, I suspected he was still working with a sample of the symbiote, so I had Connors plant the Technovore in Horizon High, a creature that consumed tech, thus forcing Spider‐Man to use a non‐technological means in defeating it. This confirmed my suspicions, and exposed Modell in a way that I alone could exploit. I pulled the strings to have Modell ousted, and his school became mine. But I now had Modell's research to perfect the synthetic symbiote, combining it with a strain of Jackal's newest serum, specifically designed to enable my mind to finally heal. It has empowered me to take my vengeance. ‐ Oh wait, are you finally done? [record scratches] Evil weirdoes sure love to talk about themselves. Am I right? ‐ I've watched you from the shadows, Spider‐Man. Swarm's Monster League‐‐ at first, it was just a way to fund my research, but it became a way to study you and your team's actions in close quarters. I know your strength isn't only your powers. It's your support system, your team. So I developed an even stronger one of my own. Jackal? ‐ Huh? ‐ I've been looking forward to finally spending some quality time with you, Gwen. ‐ You‐‐you know who I am? ‐ Hey, sis, science fact: the tarantula is deadly to other spiders. Guess what my new code name is? ‐ Maria? No. ‐ So we're going one‐on‐one? Well, whoever you got for me, I can take it. ‐ Ohh. ‐ Swarm? The bee guy? Why do I get the bee guy? ‐ Pairing us up, huh? Of all the heroes, you picked me? I feel like the luckiest spider in the whole hidden lair. Overconfident, Spider‐Man? That's very unlike you. Eliminate them. ‐ Okay guys, the new Goblin here may have hired some kind of villain gang, but we're a team. Let's show him the difference. ‐ Cool. But, uh, can I switch villains with someone? I'm not into this bee situation, like, at all. [grunting] ‐ Huh? Ah! ‐ Maria, wait! [grunting] Ohh! Ahh, ooh! ‐ Uh! Show yourself, Uncle Raymond. ‐ Yoo‐hoo. Come along, dear. ‐ Get back here! ‐ Look how easily I have taken away all of your support. Now you, like me, are utterly alone. ‐ Wait, is that what all of this is about? Because if you feel alone, it's only because you chose to drive people away, Norman. ‐ Don't call me that. ‐ What? Norman? That's your name. ‐ No, Norman was my mask. Now I have revealed my true self, just as the spider is your true face. ‐ Have you lost every single marble? Look at me, Norman. You know I‐‐ ‐ Wrong! Peter Parker, Norman Osborn‐‐ these false identities mean nothing. There is only Spider‐Man and Dark Goblin now. And I will destroy you! Ah, give me a challenge. I've waited so long for this. ‐ Uh! Yes, that's the spirit. [laughs] Perfect. You, full of all that spitfire and wit, and me‐‐just look at me! ‐ Uh, do I have to? Combine symbiotes and Jackal serum? What'd you look at Venom and think, "Yeah, I could do uglier"? ‐ Insults? Jokes? No taunt or jibe can perturb me now, Spider‐Man. [grunts] ‐ Ah! [both grunting] ‐ Ahh! ‐ Doctor Connors? What are you doing? ‐ I can't hold it off any longer. Please, I did everything you asked. I need the full cure you promised me, now! ‐ Ha, fool. I don't need you anymore, so I might as well enjoy finally telling you the truth. There is no full cure. I only ever had a way to temporarily keep your transformations at bay ‐ What? There is no full cure. ‐ There never was. ‐ Why would I waste the resources to develop a cure for someone as disposable as you? ‐ No. No! [roars] [screams] ‐ Ahh! [grunts] [growls] ‐ Sorry for the interruption. Now where were we? [laughs] ‐ Maria, please. I don't know how Osborn's making you do this, but‐‐ ‐ He's not making me do anything. I want to be here. Hey, these are your inventions, right? What's that? ‐ What? That's a new form of centrifuge I'm developing. ‐ The revolutionary design looks genius. ‐ Oh! That was hundreds of hours of work. Why are you doing this? ‐ I'm destroying your life like destroyed mine when you joined my family. ‐ Stop it! That's gonna sting in the morning ‐ For real, though, how does the bee thing even work? Are you each bee? Or are you only all the bees? ‐ I'm not your biology teacher. You wanna know why I was so eager to help Osborn take you down? Because you came here, into my neighborhood, put my community at risk, endangered my family. It's because of you I almost lost my only child. ‐ Your neighborhood? This is my neighborhood. I'd have noticed a next‐door neighbor made of bees. ‐ You were my role model, Uncle Raymond, I'm sorry I have to be the one to take you down. ‐ Oh, Gwen. If only you knew what you could become with my help. ‐ What? A stooge for Norman Osborn? ‐ His and my goals have only temporarily aligned. Nothing more. I have my own plans. ‐ What's that supposed to mean? ‐ Come and find out. ‐ Ahh! ‐ It's been fun, but now it's time for the moment I've dreamed of‐‐ my final vengeance! ‐ [straining] ‐ [growls] ‐ Joke's on you. I'm just getting over a cold. You know, Gobby, I'll hand it to you. Splitting me up from my friends‐‐ great idea. [grunts] But you haven't thought of all of my friends. [dramatic music] ‐ There's someone you've always underestimated. ‐ Good timing? ‐ You have no idea. ‐ Harry? What are you doing here? ‐ Yeah. I rang him up when I was escaping Jackal's undersea trap. Just thought he might like to know his long lost dad was stopping by for a visit. ‐ Hey, Dad. Been a minute. You owe me some birthday presents. ‐ Harry. I'm so happy to see you. ‐ Huh? Uh‐‐[scoffs] What? ‐ Look at you, son. Once again, donning the Hobgoblin gear. That makes me so proud. This is all I ever wanted for you. Now you understand. We're the same. I was going to reach out to you once Spider‐Man was gone. We'd be free to rebuild our empire together, father and son. But now we can take down Spider‐Man together. ‐ There was a time I would have done anything for your approval, Dad. But that time has passed. You might be my blood, but you're not my father. ‐ Ever the disappointment. ‐ Ah! Ah! ‐ Ahh! ‐ You're right. I'm not your father, boy! I am only the Dark Goblin! ‐ [grunts] ‐ [screams] ‐ In case you missed it, Harry, your dad is not playing with a full deck. ‐ Ahh! ‐ Or any cards at all, really. ‐ Listen guy‐‐or is it guys? I don't know what you've heard, but I've never been a threat to this neighborhood. I've been protecting it from villains like you. ‐ I wasn't always like this. I had to protect my family. The goblin and his Jackal lackey offered me a chance chance to fight back, so I took it. It meant having to work for them to create and run that Monster League. I hated hurting people. But I did what I had to do. ‐ Hey, I'm trying to fight back, too. I shut down two giant spider slayers on this very block. ‐ You had to shut them down because they came for you! You so‐called "heroes" attract trouble. The world doesn't need more like you, It needs more people like my son. He's just a kid here on the block, but he's a genius going to a special school. And one day, he could change the world. But he keeps getting caught in your crossfire! Well, today, that ends! ‐ Dad? ‐ Miles? ‐ You did all this... all these horrible things... for me? Norman Osborn tricked you, Dad. ‐ No. I could've‐‐ I almost‐‐ ‐ Dad! Wait! We can fix this! Dad! ‐ Maria, we promised. When our parents got married, we said we'd always take care of each other, that we'd become real sisters. ‐ You took that seriously? ‐ [grunts] ‐ I never wanted a sister. ‐ You mean you never wanted another sister, right? [grunts] ‐ What? Yes, Angela was the only sister I ever needed. ‐ Did you actually forget about your other sister for a sec? 'Cause you always worshiped her. ‐ You don't really know me. ‐ What if I do? Maria, remember when I got into Horizon, you gave me your old microscope? [grunting] That meant so much to me. ‐ You think I really cared? Mom made me give that to you. ‐ Hm. ‐ [groans] Ahh! ‐ [grunts] Yah! ‐ The Chameleon, a professional imposter. Spidey told me about you. I heard you do really thorough research on the people you impersonate. Guess not. The real Maria got me a new laptop. [grunts] Hm, as if I didn't already have a microscope. Spider‐Man, you there? ‐ [grunts] Barely. You okay? ‐ Fine now, but I just realized something about Osborne's healing pod. If it really is built from the projects he made as design‐‐ ‐ Oh, I get where you're going with this. ‐ Then buy me some time. ‐ Ahh! ‐ You know, Gwen, I only tolerated Osborn so we could have a private, little talk. ‐ And we're way past talking, Uncle Raymond. ‐ [laughs] You are brilliant. You're just playing the wrong team. Of course, with a few adjustments, I could get you to see things my way. ‐ Uh! Ah! Ah! Another symbiote? [straining] ‐ No, not a life form. Just some of that synthetic symbiote Max Modell designed at Horizon. Osborn recreated it for me one of my demands for agreeing to help him My niece, so willful. I needed some way to hold you while I conducted my improvements, something that wouldn't trigger your spider‐sense. ‐ [grunt] Improvements? ‐ Let's just say I'm tired of being the only Jackal in the family. ‐ [screeches] ‐ [yells] [grunting] ‐ Like we're actually winnin'. Man, I miss hangin' with you, Harry. We gotta do this more often. ‐ Yeah, maybe more smoothies and less crazy dad villains? ‐ Deal. Jackal, Tarantula, Swarm, return immediately. Do your duty to protect me. I order you to respond! ‐ Looks like you're outta allies. But me, I'll always have my friends. ‐ Come on, Pete. Let's finish this. ‐ Never! [grunts] ‐ Wait! We don't know what that much serum will do to you! ‐ [groaning, grunting] [laughing] What happens to me doesn't matter, as long as Spider‐Man is destroyed! ‐ Don't worry, soon you'll be just like me. A family affair. ‐ You're better than this, Uncle Raymond. When you turned, do you have any idea how much it hurt Dad? A cop with a super villain in the family? How do you think that made him feel? How it made all of us feel? ‐ People can be narrow‐minded, yes, but you and I working together, we'll be able to change those minds or enslave them. ‐ I looked up to you so much. ‐ And I valued that look. That pride in your eyes, little one. That's why I'm doing this. When you're like me, you'll respect me again. ‐ Man, you take creepy mad scientist to the next level, don't you? How did you find me? How did you know I needed help? ‐ I traced your com signal. I mean, I didn't actually know you needed help. I came to get you for reasons of science. ‐ Ahh! ‐ Yo, Spidey, I got Ghost‐Spider. We're on our way to Spider‐Girl. ‐ Hurry. Goblin's one‐man zoo routine is not as cool as it sounds. ‐ [panting] We can't beat him. He's stronger, faster, bigger. Ahh! ‐ And grosser. Way grosser. But we just have to hold on long enough for the team to finish. ‐ Yeah. Easier said than done. ‐ What do you need? ‐ Attenuate these wires. And Gwen, reinforce this casing. Hurry! [roaring] ‐ [grunts] ‐ [roars] ‐ [struggling efforts] Ahh! [grunts] ‐ [groans] ‐ You still in there, Mr. Osborn? I'm gonna give you one last chance to give up. ‐ Ohh! [straining] ‐ [screams] ‐ [grunting] [roars] Give up? This is my greatest victory. ‐ Oh, shut up! ‐ Ahh! ‐ Wow, he got grosser. ‐ Oh, good. So it's not just me. ‐ We're doomed! If only someone could go faster and save us! ‐ Hm. Got the memo. And done. ‐ That's it. Let's go. ‐ [roaring] ‐ [grunts] ‐ Ah! [grunts] ‐ [roaring, grunting] ‐ [grunts] Ahh! ‐ Uhh! ‐ [grunts] ‐ Uhh! ‐ Huh! [grunting] [electricity crackling] ‐ Ahh! ‐ Uhh, yah! ‐ Ohh! Hey, Dad. ‐ Yah! [thud] Ah. ‐ When your stooge Connors was running the school, he had all us students working on mysterious projects without knowing what they were. ‐ But then we learned it was to turn you into the Dark Goblin. ‐ You've been making us build your evil, Venomizing machine for you. ‐ Which is just lazy. But which also means we're the people most capable of reverse engineering it. [groaning] [moaning] ‐ Yes! ‐ Yeah! Yes! ‐ [laughs] ‐ Yeah! Go, team. I'm sorry to drag you into this. ‐ No, I needed to be here. Thank you. ‐ How are we gonna explain all of this to the school board? Or the police? Or literally anybody? ‐ Well, good thing these drones record everything they see. ‐ This confirmed my suspicions, and exposed Modell in a way that I alone could exploit. I pulled the strings to have Modell ousted, so both his research and his school became mine. ‐ So, as you can see, Max's experiments were safe and incident‐free until Norman Osborn came along and set him up. Time to reconsider? Welcome back, Max. ‐ Yeah, to where you always deserved to be. ‐ You were missed by all of us. ‐ Can we just never speak of the time you weren't principal here? It was pretty dark. Uniforms, ugh! ‐ Thank you, all. I know what you had to go through to get me back. And after everything I've done, I‐‐ ‐ It's all right, Max. Leave the past behind you. It's time for all of us to focus on the future. ‐ Of course I'm still down here on the rainforest research expedition. Why wouldn't I be? ‐ No reason. I've just recently realized I need to stay in better touch with my big sis. ‐ Well, that sounds good to me. ‐ Nothin' like having your pretend sister turn out to be a criminal in disguise to put things in perspective. ‐ Or having a super villain for an uncle. But now he's behind bars. There's some closure, at least. ‐ [sighs] Yeah, I'd like closure, too. It's gonna be tough, though, 'cause my dad‐‐ my dad is bees. ‐ We'll find him together. We're like a family, too, Miles. We've got each other's backs. Norman Osborn might have lost his mind, obsessed with revenge, but he got one thing right. My greatest strength isn't my powers. It's my support system. [chuckles] Or a better way to say it: my friends. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 