Injustice: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Injustice 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Injustice (2011): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 Will, Natalie and her junior David find 'Agadir' several times with various dates on Lucy's mobile phone. Martin,now on bail,is also asked by his boss Renner why 'Agadir' should be keyed into the computer but he is similarly puzzled. At least Natalie and Will establish that a hotel chambermaid saw the computer before Martin went out. After Wenborn's wife,suffering from post-natal depression,is arrested for shop-lifting,the grumpy detective learns that Will successfully defended Spaull when the activist was accused of putting a bomb under a research scientist's car,killing the man's little boy. Will is non-committal when Wenborn quizzes him on the trial but it transpires that Spaull later confessed his guilt to Will,thus causing his withdrawal from London and murder trials. Jane meanwhile visits Alan's mother and learns that he was imprisoned for shooting another boy who was bullying him at school. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 William Travers, well, well, well. I've been offered a case in London. A murder case - I don't believe this. It's Martin Newall. Martin? Yeah. He's accused of murdering his secretary. I didn't do it, Will, I swear to God. On the way to the hotel, Lucy seemed very nervous. I don't know, I thought I saw someone. What else? The computer, it was in the room, but the police couldn't find it. This barrister, Travers, he has no reason to look into our affairs. He will if he believes the girl was killed to get at the computer. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Alan, can I have a word? I read your story. Can you publish it? Getting published isn't easy. You've got a new case. A murder, someone got shot at a farm house. Animal rights activist, Philip Spaull. The man who supplied the gun, Mr Crips, has a disability. All I got to do is find a gun dealer with one hand that's gone spazo. You didn't hear the car? It was one of them erm...electric ones. Like a hybrid? He knows where Spaull lives, he breaks in and shoots him in the head. It's these bleeding lawyers. They don't case what they do, it's just a game. If at any time I come to think that he isn in fact guilty, I will walk. BOY: Come on. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Do it. Ah! What is it that makes us think that Martin Newall did not kill Lucy Wilson? You were at university together? That's entirely irrelevant. I'm glad. The computer. Exactly, the computer. Our client insists that he took it with him into the hotel room. Now that may be or may not be verified by the maid who came to do the turn down in the room. I'm going to need her name. Right. I'll talk to her. So, by the time the police arrived, the computer was already missing, suggesting, of course, that somebody had gone into the room and taken it. That was the motive. It was nothing to do with the affair. Unless Lucy Wilson was planning blackmail. Which is what the police say. But where's the evidence? There's no evidence she even threatened it. Well, that's the question. Isn't it? I mean, what was on that computer that was so important that someone was prepared to kill for it? See the football? What? Ipswich Town versus Sheffield United last night. Amazing game. What makes you think I'm remotely interested in football? What makes you think I'm remotely interested in talking about it with you? Sir, can I ask you a question? What? Do you have a personal antipathy towards me or are you just always like this? No, I'm always like this. But as it happens, I don't like you neither. The prosecution have er...given us primary disclosure. We've got the statements of the SOCO, the forensic statement, the pathologist report and the blood report. And what about the computer? They mention the case it was carried in, that's in the premises search book. But they don't mention the computer at all. It's not recorded as stolen? No. That's sloppy, even by Met standards. Anything else? Lucy Wilson's Blackberry. Everything on the phone. Addresses, phone numbers, the works. 0207 946 0068, London number, obviously. And she called it a few times, including twice on the day she died. Do we know who this belongs to? We can get that from the police. Then there's the memo pad. (READS) 'Agadir'. Yeah, she typed it into her phone. The name Agadir and a list of dates. Yeah, January, April, July. Agadir... Agadir is in er...it's in Morocco near Marrakesh. Qestrel might do business there. Do they have any oil in Morocco? No, not that I know of anyway. But they may have people who buy and sell it. It seems strange though, doesn't it? I mean, why would you bother putting that on your phone? Right, I'm going to want CCTV footage. Every camera in the immediate vicinity of The Avenue Hotel and the diner that Martin visited. I can do that. Notice anything odd, anything strange, Let's say a radius of... a mile, in it. And you'll need to do me a DVD, David. All right. Right, anything else? No, I think that's it. Good. OK, I am going home. We've been campaigning against the trade in primates from Laos, baboons from Tanzania and against the airlines who are part of the chain of cruelty transporting them here. It's a completely indefensible trade. When it comes to medical procedures, you only get a 50% success rate from animal trials. You might as well toss a coin. Oh, forgive me, Miss Kirsten, I didn't come here for the lecture. You said you wanted to understand our work. Yeah, I'm interested in the radical action bit, that's part of your name. MPs are busy. The press aren't always interested. Sometimes you have to make yourself heard. Oh, by using violence? There was a time when we made the wrong sort of headlines. But I came in a year ago and we've cleaned up our act. Tell us about Philip Spaull. I haven't seen Philip for a while. You're not likely to neither. You know he's dead? I didn't know, no. Sorry, you have my condolences. Someone took radical action with a bullet through his head. He was killed? How well did you know him, Ms Kirsten? I met him occasionally. We've a lot of supporters. But he was good man. And when he put a bomb underneath the car of a well-known scientist, was he being a good man then? That wasn't Philip. That wasn't us. But he confessed. Your fellow police officers beat a confession out of him. It's not quite the same thing. The point is, he was found not guilty, so that was the end of it, unless there's been a change in the law. Oh, I bet you know all about the law, don't you, Ms Kirsten? I know about not crossing the line. Animal rights may not mean anything to you, Detective Inspector. But at the end of the day it matters. It's actually about our humanity. I bet Philip Spaull was a model of humanity. Is that why he got off? He got off because he had a brilliant barrister who believed in him and saw that he couldn't possibly have done what he was accused of. Mr Travers persuaded the jury that he should never have been arrested in the first place. Who? The barrister. No, who? His name's Travers. Maybe you should talk to him. We've already met. RADIO: The government insists that no further funds can be found for coastal defence. Police have released the name of a man shot dead at a farm near Framlingham. Philip Spaull, aged 32 - (BRAKES SCREECH) ..had also been using the name of John Jarrold. Spaull was a known supporter of animal rights group RADAR, that had been investigated several times for its use of violent protest. Local fishermen say that this could be... Sue. Sue, have you got a minute? The rest of my life, darling. What is it? Have you read this? I try not to, it depresses me. Well, I just heard it on the radio and it's already in the paper. It's Philip Spaull. He's been living here, in Suffolk, and now someone's shot him. It says here...Framlingham, erm... Fox Tree Farm, killed with a pistol. Wow, good riddance. Is that all you can say? What if Will has seen this? What if Kate has seen it? It's just going to drag it all out again! Jane, calm down. He was a very unpleasant man. He caused you an awful lot of damage and now he's dead. So this is the end. And if Will had seen it, he would have said something, wouldn't he? Don't you think? Well, I suppose so. He's bound to find out eventually. He'll probably be glad. I'm just worried, you know. I just... I thought we'd put all of this to rest. Darling, this has got nothing to do with you. It's got nothing to do with Will. Philip Spaull is dead and buried, so just be glad. Wenborn? It would be nice to see some paperwork from time to time. We do have procedures, you know. Yes, sir. So, how's it going? Yeah, it's going very well, sir. How about you and DS Taylor, you getting on? Yes, sir. Detective Sergeant Taylor is very capable...very focused. As bad as that, then. So, tell me about Spaull. That's his real name, I understand. Yeah, well that's what it said in the newspaper. You just be careful, Wenborn. Right, we may have a trace on the gun. We've got some tyre tracks and there's a connection with the Liam Johnstone case. Do you remember? The stolen medals, I'm hardly likely to forget it. So...what connection? I haven't quite worked it out yet, sir, but I'll let you know when I do. Good to see you, Martin. This is a terrible business. John, I...don't know what to say. It was so stupid of me. My secretary, for God's sake. We've all been there. The flesh is weak. And I'm told she was quite a stunner. I can't believe it. I still can't believe it. Well, I think we're agreed that you didn't kill her...aren't we? I didn't touch her. Well... I didn't kill her. We've had the police in here quite a few times and they seem to think differently. Well, they're wrong. Either way, it's not exactly helpful, is it? I'll resign if you think it would help. I don't think it will come to that. Of course, I don't want you coming in until this is over. Nor do I want you speaking to any of our clients. I understand. And there is still the question of the missing computer. What exactly was on it? Just er...some of the contracts I was working on. The police have mentioned the name Agadir. Agadir? We don't even have any contacts there, do we? So it wasn't on your computer? There's nothing, John, on my computer that could do anyone any harm. I promise you. Well, that depends on who's asking what questions. Well, we don't have anything to hide, do we? That's exactly the sort of question I mean. Look, this is a private matter. It's about you screwing your secretary and the poor girl ending up dead. As long as the the trial continues, I will try to support you. But if this starts impacting on our business and that barrister of yours starts making a nuisance of himself, we will have to take a different view. Do I make myself clear? Completely. Good. I thought you would see things our way. Excuse me. Madam. Oh, Mr Travers. There's a policeman here to see you. A Detective Inspector Wenborn. Thank you, Malcolm. We've met before. Yeah, Ipswich Crown Court. Liam Johnstone case. Yes. He walked free. That's usually what happens when a jury finds someone not guilty. Did you know that the arresting officer was suspended? No, but I'm not entirely surprised. Right. Well, I'm not here about that anyway. Good. I understand that you once represented a man called Philip Spaull. Yeah. Yes, more than two years ago. You got him off. Well...actually...the jury, having considered the evidence, acquitted him. There is a subtle distinction. Did you ever see him again after that? Yeah. Yeah, I did. He came to my chambers once to give me a bottle of wine, but...I never saw him again. Did you know he was living in Suffolk? No, but I read that he died here. You've seen the papers. Yeah. How did you feel about that? One of your clients getting shot. Oh... A surprising number of my clients have been shot, Detective Inspector. It tends to go with their line of work. I'm interested to know what sort of man Spaull was. You must have got to know him quite well. What sort of man? I'm not sure I can really answer that one. Well, you defended him. You must have been close. Close? In what sense? During the trial. Oh, I can tell you that he wasn't married, that he didn't seem to have a girlfriend. He'd been a teacher for a while. Obviously he was very concerned about animal welfare. You know, frankly, all these things are... are in the public records, so... Look, I'm sorry but I have to be somewhere. If there's anything else you want to ask? No. That's something I've often wondered about. How do people like you defend someone if you know they're guilty? People like me assume that they are innocent, because that is in fact what they are, under the law. Yeah, I know. Everyone is innocent until they're proven guilty. But there must be times when you're fairly sure inside that they're not. If a client tells me that they are innocent, then I believe them. Because if I don't believe in them, if I don't have complete faith in them, then how can I do my job? You can lie. Not to myself, I can't. Watching someone like Philip Spaull walk free after what he'd done, that would make me feel sick. But the jury decided he didn't do it, Detective Inspector. That is the whole point. Is that your car? Yes. Oh, you er...you have a hybrid. Yes. Yes, my daughter wants me to save the planet, I need to get from A to B, ergo... Anyway, it was good to meet with you, Detective Inspector. (PHONE RINGS) Hello. Jane, this is Henry. Hi. I've read the manuscript. What did you think? How old did you say the boy was? 17. Well, I have to agree with you. I think you've found something really quite remarkable. It's an original idea, he has a unique voice - So you'll publish it? I'd publish anything if it would lure you back. But, yes. He'll be thrilled. You don't know what it'll mean to him. I still want to know more about him. Have you found out anything? No, but I will. Good. Tell him I'm looking forward to seeing the rest. Thanks, Henry. Bye. So, what's the book called? ALAN: The Operation. What did you think of it? I was very surprised. I think it has a lot of promise. I really liked the setting, Felixstowe. You seemed to know it very well. Yeah, I lived there. Did you? Near the sea? No addresses! No, of course not. ALAN: The Operation, by Alan Stewart. 'We're going to operate on your head.' That's what they said. But it was in his head, that was where they went. What did they find when they got in there? Flat and grey and empty, just like him. Stretching out to horizons that in his whole life he would never reach. Pizzas and burgers and fish and chips, fat and greasy. That was what he remembered. And, of course, the mini golf. He hated bloody mini golf. He curled his hand and felt the stubby pencils and those stupid lightweight balls. The waves, they were there like thoughts in his head. Crashing up to the plastic amusement arcade full of plastic people eating their plastic ice cream. He could see it, couldn't he? From the corner of his room. Welcome to the concrete jungle. Prefab's the word, and that's not pre-fabulous. You want to walk the streets? You do it in pairs, like the police who come round on Saturday nights. You Jane. Me Tarzan. OK, bye. Forensics sent through the file on Mr Crips. Oh, yeah? The man who may have supplied the gun that killed Philip Spaull. I know who he is. OK, so we got three guns and three names. Two of them already inside and one of them died last June, coronary. Oh, my heart bleeds. Yeah, so did his, apparently. (MOBILE RINGS) So, we got one in Holloway Road, One in Paxton Hall and - Wenborn. Where is she? OK. Right, I'm on my way. Hi, excuse me. I'm looking for a family called Stewart. I was just wondering if you knew the number of their flat. (BUZZ) MAN: Who is it? Erm...I'm looking for a Mrs Stewart. (BUZZ) WOMAN: Who is it? Oh, hi. Is this erm...Mrs Stewart? Oh, fuck off. (BUZZ) WOMAN: Yes? Hi... Erm...I'm looking for a Mrs Stewart. Yes. Are you Alan Stewart's mother? Yes. I was just wondering if I could have a word with you. I'm a friend of his. I'm one of his teachers at Paxton Hall. (WOMAN SIGHS) Come in. It's on the ninth floor. Thanks. What did you think you were doing? What is this? Some cheap, plastic necklace? What do you think you are, an Oxfam shop? I wasn't thinking. Don't tell me that. You knew exactly what you were doing. You were seen. Is this some sort of way you're trying to get at me? No. Yeah, cos when this gets out, if this gets out, I'm going to be a laughing stock. I didn't know what I was doing, Mark. I really didn't. You get yourself arrested. You get my daughter arrested. It was a misundestanding - Don't lie to me! All right? Just go. Can I? Yeah. I'm sorting it for you. I'm sorry, Mark. Just get out of here now. Afternoon. You know you shouldn't be here. If the bar counsel ever heard about this... Natalie...are you interested in legal technicalities or getting your client off? You saw them both, Lucy Wilson and Martin Newall? I don't know names. They are just guests, you know. Did you speak to them? Yes. Housekeeping. (LUCY GIGGLES) Oh, sorry, sir. You want some turn-down service? No, we're fine, thank you. No, we can turn ourselves down, thank you. Sorry to disturb you. Oh, wait a minute. Do you know anywhere we could get some fast food? Er...fast? And did you see a computer in the room? The police asked me. I said, yes, maybe. He had a case, and er...there was something... a computer. Yeah. And can you tell me erm... what were they like together? I don't understand. Oh, sorry. Were they erm...were they friendly? Oh, yes. Very, very friendly. In love. Oh...thank you. Do you think it would be possible to have a look at the room? You take hotel room and you never know, do you? You never know what happened there. To think a young girl came in here and was killed. She was lying there, on that bed. Mr Travers. Yeah? Have you seen enough? Yeah. So the maid... not entirely helpful if she isn't 100% sure. Well, I'll settle for 60/40. And at least she confirms that Martin went out. Getting back at 8:40. You spoke to the guy in the lift? Yes, his name is John Loener, he's from Detroit. He remembers seeing Martin in the lift. Elevator. Whatever. What about the phone? Oh, you mean Lucy's Blackberry? Yeah, the number, 0068. We managed to get a name and address. But er...you wouldn't go there, would you? That would be completely unprofessional. Thank you. The whole thing was a bloody nightmare. Stupid sod. Alan was always soft, do you know what I mean? Soft? While the other kids was out kicking a football or getting into trouble...Alan was always on his own, reading or scribbling in that notebook of his. He wanted to be a writer. You really think you can do something with this book of his, then? Yes. There's money in it? Well, there might be, but erm... I need to know more. Bloody newspapers. They promised us the Earth when it happened, never paid up a penny in the end. All right. It was at St Gregory's, here in Felixstowe. The comprehensive. You remember now? I've got it all here. He went into school with a gun and shot another kid in the stomach. By the name of Wayne. He'll be pissing into a plastic bag for the rest of his life, but it's all he deserves. Well, what had he done? He was a bully. Always on at Alan, all the bloody time. Alan's gay, Alan's this, Alan's that. I told him to take no notice, but he wouldn't listen to me. In the end, something must have snapped. How did Alan get hold of a gun? Christ knows. You can get anything round here. Yeah, but he must have told you. He said he found it in a skip. Yeah, but...people don't leave loaded guns in skips. Well, that's what he told me. That's what he told the judge. Are you calling him a liar? No. No, not at all. So what about this book, then? What about it? Come on, love. How much are you going to pay? It's not looking too good, is it? Oh, I wouldn't say that. The maid you spoke to doesn't remember seeing the computer, the police don't even believe it exists. Well, she said she saw something, and that's enough. Do you know anything about erm... Agadir? Agadir, why do you ask that? Why are you so surprised? Well, I was at Qestrel yesterday afternoon and they asked the same question. They said the police had been in asking about it. Does it mean anything to you? Not to me, no. How did you come across it? No, it was on Lucy's Blackberry along with some...these dates. January 13th, April 5th, July the 10th. No, sorry, Will. God knows I want to be able to help, but I can't. OK. Hey. Takes you back, doesn't it? TV: And he's gone! He's caught him. You remember the game against Emmanuel? I was thinking more of the game against Corpus Christie, actually. You nearly got a century then. 98 run out... by you. Yeah, I told you not to go for it, though. What, as in barking out, 'One More.' And belting down the wicket? We still won the match, didn't we? You er... You haven't told me about Jane. Well, what is there to say? She went into publishing? Well, she always wanted to write the next great English novel, be the new Virginia Woolf. Martin... You happy together? Yes. I loved her, you know. I loved her more than... you can possibly imagine. And you took her away from me. We were 22. We were undergraduates. I didn't take her away from you. She walked out. Still feels as though you ruined me life, though. Can't fall out now, can we? You're my only hope. And I'm really grateful, Will. Really, I am. Yeah. You know, Dad, you don't to knock at the door every time, you've got your own key. I'm just getting my bag then heading back to Suffolk. (KEYPAD TONES) Hey, look, there's a cab. Let's have some of this. Oi! Taxi! (RINGING TONE) Hi, this is Wenborn. Leave a - (BEEP) All right, mate. Take us... How is he? Martin. Older, obviously. Putting on a little bit of weight around... No, there was something else about him though, he seemed... down at heel, you know? As if life had somehow disappointed him. It's oil trading. I mean, when I knew him, he was going to change the world. Oh, well, we were all going to change the world. I just... I wish he hadn't contacted you. I just don't like him dragging you back into all of this again after what happened, after what you said! Hey, hey! I promise you, darling, it's not going to happen again. I can handle this. How do you know that? Because things have changed. I have changed. What if you're wrong? What if it turns out that he killed her? I can deal with it. Thanks for seeing me. Well, you were rather insistent on the phone. I understand you've come down from Ipswich. Yes, sir. This morning? Last night. And you're looking for information concerning Philip Spaull? Yeah. You know that he was killed in Suffolk last week? Yes. I did read about that. Not a great loss to the community, I would have thought. How well did you know him? Hardly at all. The trial was over very quickly and to me he was just the accused, the man in the dark. The person you should really be talking to is William Travers, who defended him. We've already met. That's interesting. What exactly do you want to know? What sort of man was he? Spaull was in his 30s, single, obsessive. He'd worked briefly as a chemistry teacher in a London secondary school before he joined Radical Action for the Defence of Animal Rights, RADAR. After that, animal rights became his entire life. So, he targeted one Professor Ian Miller, chief scientist at Ducannon Research. Experimenting on mice, was he? Mice, rabbits, various other mammals. He was involved in the production of new pharmaceuticals. I suppose that's a good enough reason to put half a pound of explosive under his car. Evidently so. Unfortunately it went badly wrong. Professor Miller had an eight-year-old son. The boy went to the car to pick up some book he'd forgotten from school. The bomb was activated by opening the front door. Only child? Yes. Hmm, terrible. Really is terrible. So, how did Spaull come across in court? Well-spoken, persuasive. You planned the cold-blooded murder of a hard-working family man because you considered yourself and your cause to be above the law. No, that's not true. I have to hand it to him, he was undoubtedly a fanatic and yet to the jury at least he was completely sympathetic. Did he do it? He was found not guilty. That's not what I asked. You know that Spaull made a complete confession to the police after he was arrested? Yeah, but he was acquitted, so what happened? That was Travers. Unfortunately, most of our evidence was circumstantial. Spaull knew chemistry, he was a member of RADAR, the animal rights group. There were chemicals found at his home, fertiliser, that sort of thing, that might have been used to make a bomb. Taken together, it might have been enough. You had the confession as well. It was actually the confession that damaged our case. We over-relied on it. That was our mistake. Oh, he withdrew it. At the last minute, yes. He claimed the police had put undue pressure on him. You mean they'd beaten him up. That's what he claimed. So what had he done, thrown himself down the stairs? That was what I assumed. That's what I still believe. Unfortunately, the CCTV told another story. As I'm sure you're aware, when a prisoner is being held after his arrest, every visit has to be logged. Well, that's what happened with Spaull. Every interview, every exercise break, every cup of tea. Travers went through 200 hours of CCTV footage taken at the station where Spaull was being held. And found that two investigating officers had made a single visit to the cell that wasn't authorised and hadn't been logged. Their visit to the cell was on the cameras but wasn't in the book. Travers used it, made it look suspicious and suddenly Spaull is the victim. Travers showed the footage in court. He undermined the confession and the whole case went with it. Tell me a little bit about Travers. I mean, how would you rate him? Well... he was an extremely good counsel. He knew what he was doing. And yet, perhaps there was one fatal flaw. Go on. Everyone is innocent. It's what makes our justice system the envy of the world. Of course, not everyone sees it that way. There are silks out there who'll take on a case for the price of a two week holiday in Barbados, whatever they may think, but not Travers. He really did believe 100% in his clients. And that's a flaw. Most definitely. I remember when the verdict came in. Not guilty, My Lord. (JEERING) Outrageous! Disgusting! The wrong verdict. I knew it, he must have known it too. I remember thinking, you must know what you've done. How are you going to live with this? How could you do this? How could you? This isn't justice, this was injustice. My son is dead. (ALL SHOUT QUESTIONS) No statements. That was his last case in London. Travers became ill shortly afterwards. Oh, he wasn't just ill, he had a complete nervous breakdown. How do you know that? I found out. Ah. You've seen his medical records? I didn't know. It's erm... It's really very kind of you, Philip, but there's absolutely no need. It's Puligny-Montrachet, Mr Travers. They told me it's the best. Well...I'll enjoy it. Thank you. I just thought, in view of everything, you deserve it. Oh, I just...just do my job. No, you did more than that. You got me. You understood me completely from day one and you went with me. Oh, I wouldn't say that exactly. We got away with it. Of course we didn't want the kid to die, neither of us wanted that. But it was necessary, we've got to accept that. I mean, in any war there's always going to be innocent bystanders - Sh. ..make no mistake. This is a war - Just stop, stop right there. Philip, that's enough. Don't you pretend. Don't pretend for one minute that you didn't know. What? You know what. No. I did it. You know that, but you believed in what I was doing. No, no, no, no, no. I... I... I believed you. I confessed! No, the police...the police made you. Oh, come on. Look, there's only the two of us here. No witnesses. You know I killed that poor, little sod. No. I-I-I never... I never thought that. Not for a-a single minute. Radical action, it does what it says on the tin. Just-Just stop right now. Could you - Could you get out of my office? You mean you really didn't... I thought you were playing a game, man. I thought you were laughing at them all. Janice. I thought you were with me. Janice! You idiot. You fucking, fucking idiot. Shut up! (GROANING AND SCREAMING) Mr Travers, stop! You're going to kill him! Stop him! (PHILIP SCREAMS IN DISTRESS) Stop! I never thought I'd see him again until he turned up last week. In court? Very much so. Yes. Back again, large as life. Just a few weeks after Spaull's death, as well. That doesn't feel like a coincidence, neither. I suppose not. Hmm. Thanks very much Mr Forbes-Watson. You've been most helpful. So have you, Detective Inspector. So have you. Cheers. Ta-rah! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 