The Restaurant: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Restaurant 
 s1e2 - Hemkomsten - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Restaurant (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Hemkomsten - full transcript 
 The younger son Peter returns home with a Jewish refugee. Gustaf tries to hide the restaurants troubles, but Peter suspects that something's wrong. Nina and Calle meet again. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The restaurant needs cash. In this situation, increase credit it is absolutely unthinkable. There is peace Excuse me miss How insolent - Sorry! Is it Chef Backe? - You're late Hi. Are you working here Don't you know who she is - I can not risk... - For a powder The boy cooks very well and it looks good. He will stay By the end of the week you will be gone 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Do you know what Peter has plans? I take care of the restaurant now There is another possibility and you can be good business for both of you. Coupons It's quite risky - Was everything to your liking? - Yes, as usual - I'd also like a coffee. - I'll bring it to you right away - I've had a craving for coffee for 5 years. - Like the rest of the Swedes Maybe i could help you We love our loyal customers Yes... I would be very interested in that - We can talk about it in my office. - Thank you, Löwander. Thank you Thanks Voila. You had not told me that the restaurant was so big Excuse me, do you have a table, sir 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Peter. - How are you? - All right! I'm glad to see you - But, you didn't come today. - No, I went out earlier Great! - Have you seen mom? - No This is Suzanne, a friend from Värnamo - Hello, nice to meet you. - "Bonjour." - Is Orlov available? - Yes, he is. - All right. See you later? - Of course! - Welcome home! - Thanks, it's good to be here Our time is now. Episode 2 HOMECOMING No! How the hell are you salting, really? - Huh? - So, Chef No! There are lumps everywhere So! Did you learn nothing at the Hasselbacken I promise to practice, Chef Why is he hassling Calle all the time? When Astilla messes with someone It goes on for a long time. - But he's like that all the time. - He is persistent Ethel Peter. - How skinny you are! Didn't they feed you? - Yes, but I dreamed of your herring Suzanne, a friend from Värnamo Hello, Suzanne. Ethel. - Can you arrange for me to work with you? - yes I have been working in a kitchen. I can wash - I can ... How do you say? - Chop - When can you start? - Morning We'll see you then. It's more worn than I remember. No, it's not very good Thanks. I shouldn't have come with you. They wonder who I am I told them that you are a friend - They think something else. - Let them think what the will. And your brother - He was looking inquisitively. - He just ... No problem. Thanks for everything, Peter. Really Now I'll let you rest. I'll have dinner with my family tonight. I can probably get you something to eat Peter, I can take care of myself I know - Bye. - Bye - End of discussion! - The semester starts in two weeks - Did you register me? - Yes, I did it in February Don't you hear? I have no intention of going to housewife school. You are not going to miss another year! - I'm a hostess in the party room! And where does that take you Stop nagging, otherwise I'm moving out. - Where? - Agnes and I will live in Kungsholmen At Kungsholmen? To convince your mother you must lie more credibly Hello? - Peter! Why didn't you say anything? - Surprises are such fun! What a surprise! Come! Finally my boy What a surprise! Come! Finally, my boy. Now don't cry mom You must never travel again I have missed you so much - Who is taking food to the Mrs. upstairs? - Calle. There, he's at least not in the way. So be it, Chef Hurry up, then! - Quiet night, huh? - yes I have to run an errand. Can you cover three and four - Sure. Just ask Bellan. - Thank you Is there anyone at the entrance? - How are you, Margareta? - I have to go out and make a call Lilly promised to cover for me In the middle of dinner madness 25 starving guests can enter at any time I won't be long. What is so desperately important Forget it. - What will you do now? - I'm going to study law - Will you become a lawyer? - Perhaps - Are you interested in that? - I want to study international law To the law. I will be happy to help you too. Thanks, we are involved in  everything, mom and me. Here comes the future of the restaurant Now Mrs Löwander exaggerates a little - What is your name? - Carl, ma'am Carl does fantastic mushroom toast I'm glad you remember it - But the credit for this dinner is Backe's. - He is also kind and humble That's typical - Miss Löwander. How are you? - All right - Have you had a good summer? - Yes, very good. I'm glad - Where's a bowl for cucumbers? - In the closet - What? - Your face watching me bothers me. Sorry, it's the only face I have. - I didn't get drunk intending to flirt. - I didn't think you did. But it's  an interesting thought. Find the bowl without saying anything - I want to say one thing. - I don't want to listen - Have you been in the kitchen yet? - yes - Could Ethel keep from crying? - Barely She has always cared a little extra about you, of course. From childhood, when you fought with Gustaf, she never thought you were to blame I never did either. - Did you get Orlov's key? - yes - Why do you need it? - For my friend from Värnamo What was her name? Sonja? - Suzanne. - Suzanne, yes, yes - Yes, a woman? - Yes, from France A Jew. She was rescued from a concentration camp. Horrible what the Germans did. She was sent to the Småland camp 6 months ago. She has no family left. She is beautiful What does that have to do with this? Nothing, but she is very pretty. - Did you meet her? - yes She's attractive in a slightly exotic way. - You are in love? - No, I'm not in love I want to help her. I have also helped others - One family got my military salary. - Nice gesture You would have done the same in my place - Will she live in Orlov's place? - Yes, and she'll work for Ethel in the kitchen . Has Ethel arranged a job for you - That is a problem? - No, but you should have asked me Then i do - Thanks for tonight, mom. - Bye Peter It's great to have you home The foreign woman must stay away from the restaurant. - Peter! - Hello, Sigvard! Hello - It's been so long. - Good to see you - Have you been home for long? - No, just since last week. I'm going to study law - And you? - Now I'm in trade. I was in Djurgårdskällaren on the day of peace. They were all there Paraphrasing Mark Twain: "The rumor of your death is greatly exaggerated." - Nina is engaged? - No, not that I know of Sorry I didn't understand about Mark Twain. "The rumor of your death ...?" Someone said that the restaurant was in trouble - What trouble? - I dont know. They could have been wrong. It may have been about another place - It's probably going fine. - Sure. - How are you? - Well thanks Is there a problem? - How can I help you? - I wonder if you want more coupons. Damnit, I'd rather not. Why are you pushing them on me right now? They came yesterday from Sundsvall, from the Crisis Committee warehouse I still have a few from last time - Only a few? - Yes. Interest has been good. I told you it would be. Don't you want more then? - I don't have any cash right now. - We'll fix that. The same amount as before? This must remain a temporary activity. We'll continue only until I relieve my debt problem. Yes Yes. You decide, Gustaf At the June military conference he was healthy as a nut. But one can decline quickly. Real fun group. August. August As superior of the deceased for many years I would like to say a few words Colonel Carl-Gustaf Fraenckel was a fine military officer and a highly valued companion - Who are you talking about? - The deceased, Carl-Gustaf Fraenckel But that's me - Upon my honor! Are you alive? - In any case, until now. - August, sit down! - That was good news You're late - What's in here? - A funeral - And you take care of the party? - yes - You can go back downstairs. - No hurry. We are calm now - Who told you where I live? - I don't want to talk about that It was good that you apologized - I didn't apologize. - yes, of course you did. - You said, "I want to apologize." - Then you remember wrong - Nina, can I say one more thing? - You weren't going to talk anymore Just one more thing. Then I promise not to say anything more. I think about that night a lot, when you came down to the kitchen. I have never spoken to anyone before that way. I could be myself You could also be yourself - Anything else? - No I know who you really are. You are amazing - How are you? - All right - When was your last break? - At lunch time - Then take one now. Get out of here. - Yes ma'am Loosen your shoulders when you work. Or you will easily hurt yourself FIRST ATOMIC BOMB DROPPED ON JAPAN It's incomprehensible. Look Hägg broke the world record again, in front of 70,000 spectators! What a man Peter's wife has a number on her arm She has been in a concentration camp I knew she was Jewish. Erland saw her steal carrots He is not a good witness She can sell our vegetables at Hötorget I have seen nothing. - Who are they talking about? - Ask Holger Come with me I apologize, Director, I shouldn't have spoken. Sometimes I do it without thinking - You were talking about Suzanne? - Yes, but it won't happen again Are there rumors about her Yes Tell me about them. Suzanne? How are you? Well. Ethel says I have to take breaks. Yes, Ethel is always right. Even if I'm wrong -Have you registered for school? -Yes. Now there is no turning back. You will see Here we have the law book. I'm going to learn to hit people in the head with it. Seems to me it will be difficult. You should also take a break. Yes, I will do it. I promise Do you want to have lunch with me tomorrow - Are you free at noon? - yes No one will see us together It's good. At table six they want to talk to you - Are they unsatisfied? - It doesn't look like that - Everything was fine? - Lunch was good, thanks - There is something else that worries me. - Seriously - He doesn't know who I am. - No Herman Waern, Director of the House of Credit. Nilsson's Top Counter - It's a pleasure to have you here. - Thank you - I've been extremely busy. - It looks that way. Nilsson says it's difficult get a meeting with you. - Ask Nilsson to call for an appointment. - I have a better idea Sit down here for ten minutes, so I can explain how serious the situation is. I can't have a meeting when we are open. Customers come first. How many clients do you have here - Who are they? - Bankers - Your maître d 'has nothing to do. - Don't try to tell me how to run my business. You can't even handle a credit check. - That's quite enough. Have a nice day - Löwander What was that? Chef, do you have a minute - What is it? - I have been practicing And there? - There it was missing. I'll practice more, Chef I don't want you in my kitchen - I want to show that I am capable, Chef. - I know what you're capable of, Calle I'm sorry if I gave one first bad impression It's not about salting! You can be a world champion in salting... I don't want you anyway I will not leave. The Djurgårdskällaren It has the best cuisine in Stockholm This is where i want to learn and develop myself You are also a flatterer And my family needs the money Come with me. You must shine all the silver - Tomorrow it must be ready. - I will, Chef - How's the restaurant going? - Ok, but not great. - Why? - It seems that we do not have so many clients - We are in the post-war period. - Everyone has problems now - That is not true. - who says so Me. Norma is full every night, Cecil too Bal Palais, Aston ... People go out like never before, but they don't come here. - You don't understand this. - I've been to those restaurants. Djurgårdskällaren is considered out of style This is the restaurant for those who befriended the Germans The Germans lost, we also Thanks, that's enough. The party room was full on peace day. Otherwise, all we have are funerals, but that's the business we seemed to have fashioned for ourselves. Now be quiet Sigvard Lunde said he heard that it's bad for us. There is talk. - Who the hell is Sigvard Lunde? - You should probably listen to Nina If I were you I would care more about Suzanne. There is a lot of talk about her Quiet - What are they saying about Suzanne? - That she is stealing food - Why would she do that? - Several have seen her. - She takes food and puts it in her pocket. - It's gossip and lies Let's ask Backe what he's heard. She's been in an extermination camp, and in Sweden she is met by the same prejudices! Now calm down, Peter - This is very unpleasant. - Backe, just say what you heard - There have been some rumors. - Precisely rumors They say the new woman takes food home I spoke to Miss Lundin about what I knew She confirms the rumors - Ethel? - Yes. She saw it herself - Thanks, Chef. You can go. - Mrs. Löwander - I feel sorry for her. - But even so, one can't steal food at work. I feel sorry for Peter who helped her. He's in love with her, and that will continue for a long time. Speaking of love: Sture and Ria have broken their engagement - Now you have the chance. - Stop! I don't need a boyfriend. What happened to that cute kitchen boy? - Does he still work there? - Yes. He's unbearable. I apologized about that night. Now he teases me about it. - What the fuck! - yes He says he never spoke to anyone as we did that night. And then he says he thinks that I am absolutely amazing - When are you getting married? - Stop! I just want to know, so I can write it on the calendar A pocket seemed heavy, so I was vigilant the next day She took some vegetables. I didn't want to do anything about it - You could have told me. - I didn't want to. - Is she here now? - No, I sent her home She is diligent, so for me, she can stay, but you should talk to her Hello? I want to contact Nyköping - 51930. - Good evening. This is Margareta Sorry to call so late. Can I speak to Uno? Now? Yes - He is already sleeping. - Yes, he falls asleep at 7 o'clock I get it. Could I call tomorrow morning? Hello? Unfortunately he cries every time you call. It's hard to calm him down afterwards. Just tell me a good time. - Call at 9, then. - Thank you What's wrong, Maggan? It's not important. It's over. Is there a man waiting, or maybe not waiting Something like that Men come and go, and that's just how it is. - Who are you going to eat with? - Klara Me too. Come on and we'll keep each other company. - I'm leaving now. - Good evening, Chef But what are you doing here Chef Backe - You never get tired? - So it seems. Today Nina said that Djurgårdskällaren is out of fashion That's not true. People will always want good food. - You have cooked the same for 25 years. - No, I have not. - I follow the times, but not fanatically. If you're tired of my food, tell me and I'll go work somewhere else. ¡Stig You are worried. Has Nina scared you I thought war was but a moment, and then everything would go back as before. But the old has not returned. Peter is another, and he has that woman with him - They are a couple? - Not yet, but she will try Really She has nothing else in the world. She will seize her opportunity with Peter - Do you think she is looking for money? - She is not good for Peter - And Peter has no idea? - I want my children to be happy Each person must decide for himself \ whether to be happy or not. I have seen it. Am i a terrible person? Helga, I've said it before and will say it again. You are completely disgusting. - Hello! Did I wake you up? - No. - Are you in pain? - yes Lie in my bed instead. I'll go in with Lelle. It is not the bed, nor the pain. It's not having a job. - How much are you earning per day? - Eight crowns - That would mean working all night? - I could handle it. Ingeborg said Per found a job in Södertälje. He earns fifteen crowns. They're looking for staff. - Should I move to Södertälje? - We can all move I want to work in a kitchen Could you at least think about it Yes of course - It was delicious. - Thank you - No wonder you know how to cook. - This is all I can do - Not seriously? - yes Dad's favorite food. He taught us Gustaf and me when I was 7 years old Beautiful They used to dress us like chefs and then we made beef liver I served the table to the delight of the guests - Sounds fine! - In addition to singing melodies By the way, dad was not very generous Good... - I have to return. Thank you. - Suzanne, I... There is one thing I want to talk to you about. - I don't know how to say it. - I have to go There are rumors in the kitchen Someone says they have seen you bring food home - That is not true! - No, no, I know - Then why are you telling me? - So you don't do anything that is misunderstood - I quit. - Suzanne, please I should never have come with you We can talk about it! Suzanne Leave them here, thanks Take those - Weren't you to you polish the silver? - Yes, Chef What do you call this? Look at the bottom - Maybe it was left in the dining room? - Or, you're sloppy - Sorry. I will deal with that now. - Do them all again before tomorrow - I was up until 4:30 this morning, Chef. - Then stay until 5:30 - Is there something you don't understand? - No, Chef Good Karin, hello. - I hope I'm not a bother. - No We were very curious about this little one. Oh how nice! What a treat Oh, many things to look at Oh, the cute little one! Hello - Hello. Lilly. - Karin. I worked here before - Do you sleep at night? - Sometimes I can't complain - Hello! What's your name? - It's called Folke - Hello, Folke. - Maggan, say hello to Folke. - Nice name. - Thank you - How are you? - All right - Why are you crying? - I'm not crying. There... You weren't sad for a man. You have a child somewhere It doesn't concern you... Suzanne? Are you there? Suzanne? Sorry. I really don't want us to fight. I apologize if I hurt you. It was not my intention I want to help you We said: "Now you see the hare." When you haven't eaten for a long time the face is transformed Teeth protrude and you look like a hare And you smell ... weird Almost like gasoline So we knew that we were going to die soon. - How did you manage to survive? - Never ask an ex-prisoner that. Sorry. I don't know what to say In the concentration camp I thought about food all the time. I dreamed of food Now i can't stop I knew I would be seen, but it was more important for me to... I calm down when I reach out my hand and touch something I can eat No one can judge you for that They have already done that What do you want to do now - Move to a hostel. - Those places are not safe - Stay with me. - No, I can't. One night. Until you find something else You sleep in the bedroom and I stay on the couch. I'm serious We must celebrate an anniversary. Tell all Stockholm that we're still here. That they can always trust us. We have to put ourselves on the map again Here is the robbery What do you think we should have done? Employees cannot steal food - This is because Suzanne is Jewish. - Silence I'm ashamed to be part of this family Get off your pedestal. At first you went with the Germans, then you switched sides Yes when they invaded Denmark and Norway. I was never a Nazi No one here has been a Nazi. Before, I preferred the Germans to the Russians, and I still do, Peter. The Germans saved us from Stalin You don't care what happened in the concentration camps? Women and children gassed... - We didn't know anything about that. - It was known for a long time How do you know that newspapers were telling the truth? OMG Gustaf. There are photos, movies, testimonials There have been abuses, too by the Russians and the Americans They just dropped an atomic bomb and they annihilated an entire city Don't women and children live in Japanese cities too? Newspapers write about technological progress. Isn't that barbarism? No, it's portrayed as humane, why? Because the winners write history. There is a difference with making war to eradicate an entire people Boys, boys, we must accept that we have different opinions I hope the vegetables are useful to them Curt, I want to talk about the coupons Well. I just want to tell you to give it time You are nervous, but if you handle it discreetly, there's very little risk. I want to sell more - Do you want to sell more? - Yes. Many more I told you that you would like to have your own ticket factory. Can you deliver them - I'll sleep on the sofa. - No - You can't stretch. - I've slept in worse places - Me too. - Yes, but I'll sleep here. No problem There are linens in the bedroom. You can make the bed yourself Hey, what kind of hotel is this? I'm tired. I'm going to bed - Sleep well. - Good evening Good night. Hello What are you doing? The Chef said that by tomorrow all this silver must be polished - Are you going to do everything by yourself? - I am used to it. It's the second night No ... Sliver must have gone mad. I will talk to mom Don't do that. It will only make things worse. But thanks anyway What will you do when you're done I'll be very ready to sleep. It's gonna be a good day. Do you want to have breakfast in front of the sea - You and I? - Yes, I have not invited anyone else But maybe you're too tired? Let's go. Let's go. Stop! - Is this what you want to do? - Only this Nina! - Nina, are you there? - Wait, mom - Have you already gone up? - Please go ahead - You're out of breath. Has something happened? - You walk into my room in the middle of the night - What do you want? - Put the dirty clothes in the basket Inger will go to the laundry I don't have dirty clothes OK. - Can I come out now? - No, you should stay for a few days. Thank you for today How is the seafood? Do they have lobsters? Calle? We are missing a kitchen girl who did not return after summer. - Would you like to take her place? - Of course - Should we ask? - No, I manage the staff - But you will be the only man. - I think I can do it Miss? What number is that table It's 6, Mr. Löwander Director of Banking Waern - Waern. Welcome. - Peter Löwander I'm glad someone in the family has some common sense It is very simple, Djurgårdskällaren has lost control of their credit. Unless they solve it immediately we will bankrupt the restaurant. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 