The Restaurant: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Restaurant 
 s1e1 - Freden - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Restaurant (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Freden - full transcript 
 The traditional restaurant Djursgårdskällaren, run by the Löwanders, has not been left unmarked by the economical difficulties caused by the war. The oldest son Gustaf tries to solve the problems through illegal means. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Stockholm 7 May 1945 Hurry, Calle! - You should still wear a cap. - I want to make a good impression Just make sure to arrive on time - When will you be home? - It will be a long night. Goodbye. -Nina, are you coming? -What is it? I'm going to see Agnes. I want to know what you will do in the fall Domestic school? Is it in Skarhult In Skåne, a wonderful rural setting No thanks. It is one of the best schools in Sweden 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 There are nobles and barons in Skåne If I had to go to a domestic school it wouldn't be in Skåne. There are better here Anything special you're thinking about? Jenny Åkerström, for example, where the princess went. That may not be such a stupid idea Actually, I have a brochure, right here. No, you can't. What are you doing? ...thrown in jail The German capitulation is now final. There is peace! ...unconditional surrender. See you later. Peace. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 There is peace. Yes! Hello -Oh! # You old, you free, all of you. North of the high mountains # Sorry. Thank you. Girl, girl, hello. Hello, young woman. It's incredible, eh, quite a party. - We will continue tonight. - Let's do something in the party room - Great! - Tell everyone you know Are you having a party? I'm having it now. - Sorry. - No problem Sorry. Sorry. How's it going? -Did the miss hurt herself? -No. Sorry, young lady. Excuse me, but now there's peace! What a cheeky guy But cute. Hello. OUR TIME IS NOW Episode 1--Peace. - Gustaf Löwander. - Yes. I'm Nils from Kreditkassan. We need to meet with you. It's very important. # ...affable and happy. # # Greetings to you the friendliest country in the world. # # Your sun, your sky your green meadows. # Stop this. We're in the middle of lunch. Quiet, quiet! They can hear you in the dining room. Sorry, Boss. I tried. Pardon us, we're celebrating the peace. - They have a job to do! - Yes, but there are no food orders. Now that's enough. To your posts! - Should I say something in the dining room? - No, I'll do it myself. Ladies and gentlemen! Please excuse the noise from the kitchen. As you may have heard there is peace in Europe. ¡Bravo! ¡Bravo! Thanks. No it's me. I must thank you We're all happy that the war is over Today Djurgårdskällaren is offering our diners free dessert... so they'll always remember where they were when they heard the news of peace. - Is everyone satisfied? - No. - I apologize for my staff. - Here you hope to avoid vulgarities. Do we have to celebrate Germany's surrender? Of course not. Can I offer any compensation? Four cognacs, table five. And where is the cash receipt? - Try to be a little considerate. Maggan! Take four cognacs to table five. They are for Lundborg. Yes sir. - Is he an old Nazi, as they say? - Possibly. The German embassy used to come here often. - Sorry! Is it Chef Backe? - You are twenty minutes late. Carl Svensson. There were a lot of people in Kungsgatan. Fuck that! You arrive on time in my kitchen. Sorry, Chef. Where were you before? - In Hasselbacken. Not comparable. Go and change. - How are the reservations for tonight? - All right. - Will it be full? How many reserved? - Right now there are five or six. - Five or six on the day of peace? - Calm down, mom. People are calling Hello! At tonight's party I want to have a peace feast. - A feast of peace? Yes! - How will you arrange it so quickly? - It doesn't have to be remarkable. - There is no staff. - Agnes and I can help. - No, some other time. - The next end of a world war? -Is the party room vacant tonight? -Yes, but we have to maintain a certain standard. - I've already invited people. What? Why are you asking if you've already invited people? Yes, mommy, that was stupid. But you don't have to worry. I can speak to the staff myself. - Yes, you should try. - All right. Here we are going to dance, so we take out the round tables Take them there Hello! Now we can have champagne We need two salmon here Let's go! A turre and a steak Food at the bar This needs more salt. - And what are you doing? - I ... carrots - Do you think they're supposed to be so big? - No, Chef Has anyone told you that we want big dice No, Chef. A dice is a cube with equal sides. That shit is not the same - Are you a damn Picasso? - No, Chef I wanted to reduce the losses The losses - It looks narrower. - I know what a carrot looks like! One more idiot, for that matter - Take a moment! - Four turres -Four turre ordered! -Roger! Two partridges for table two - There are two partridges for table two. - I'll take them Lordship! I bring the two partridges - What is the noise we hear? - There is a banquet in the party room - What does the Director say about peace? - I was going to ask the general the same The German cavalry betrayed them My husband thinks that horses are modern No machine can replace the symbiosis between riders and horses - Are you being stingy with the brandy? - No way! I'll put in some extra. I saw a flight show, autumn of eighteen The plane naturally fell and the pilot died Then I turned to the Colonel, who was the organizer, and I said: Colonel, I'm sorry! But what was he going to do We never went back to the exhibition Nina! We're going to Möja on Friday. Do you and Agnes want to come? - Only four? - yes - And Ria? - She doesn't need to know anything - No thanks, Sture. - I know that you really want to I think not. Sture? Stop teasing, otherwise I will tell Ria - Oh, Nina! - Henning, hello. -Shall We Dance? -Of course! You can go home. Thanks, Chef You clean the rest: the pantry, you empty the ashtrays and mop the kitchen corridors. Yes, Chef. How do i close up? Andersson comes at four. I hope you're still here -Are you tired? -I've been going since six. - Many people? - Not especially - It will get better now that the war is over. - I think so, too. Just in time for Peter to come home What do you mean? He has always known how to manipulate mom He gets everything he wants - What if you want the restaurant? - It is you who can handle it I don't trust mom for those things Mother! - Mother! - I'm coming, Hilma. You should sleep Hello. Hello. - Are you working here? - Yes. I started today - What are you doing here? - I'm hungry - How did you get in? - I never went home. That's the trick My name is Calle, by the way Louise. - How could you stay until now? - I was in the party room - So there is one? - yes Nina, who runs the party room, she is a good friend What are you in the mood for, then? - Give it a taste. - Thank you Mmmmmh, mmmmmh. Milk? Yes. - Calle, you are a genius. - Miss can address me as "you." You too - And you're the boy from the kitchen? - yes But one day I will have a restaurant - Like the Djurgårdskällaren? - yes - I won't give up until I have one. - It means a lot of work Never mind. I am not afraid of work - One more? - Gladly! How idiotic with the bike on Kungsgatan! How is the leg - It's practically broken. - Must be plastered It's a miracle that I can walk I was late, and Chef Backe got mad Sliver is not very forgiving How do you know they call him "Sliver" - Everyone knows Astilla. - yes - Were you enrolled? - Yes, on Gotland [Island]. I would return this fall. Life begins when the war ends. Everything is possible Thanks for the best omelette i have ever eaten. Thanks for your company Who are you Louise Thanks for everything - Calle. - Andersson - I started yesterday. - I've been here for a while Hello. - You got the job? - Yes. I worked late Coffee? - Is it for real? - No, substitute Maybe i can get it in the restaurant Hansson didn't need help today. - You'll find something else. - Maybe now people will fix their clothes No, mom. I do not think so - What are you talking about? - Lelle! Are you awake We talk about how good everything will be. - You smell strange. - It is food smell No it smells like a flower Yes maybe a little - Director Löwander! - Ragnarsson - Do you have time? - Not really I guess it's for the payment Hell, you read my mind, Gustaf - Now we are short on cash. - like last week - Sorry... - And the week before, and I'll talk to the bank to increase my credit I'm starting to lose my patience I'm doing what I can to solve this. There is another possibility and it can be good business for both of us Yes? Coupons Your refined guests will want to have something extra You sell them, and I pay you for it - They are counterfeit? - No They are authentic, directly from Sundsvall The guy who gets them is part of the Crisis Committee - This is very risky. - You must decide. If you want to pay me, you must sell them I have not always been a wholesaler. I have also done other things. I know who to turn to if you don't pay off the debt - Good Morning! - Good Morning - You were late yesterday. - yes - What are you looking at? - You have a red throat and chin - Have you rubbed against a hedgehog? - I do not remember Beard - Mom, I haven't done anything wrong. - Yes, and I understand - But you have to be careful. - Do not worry I had a lot of fun, but it was only that I gave Inger a few days off. Can you send someone tonight with food for me? - Do you know what plans Peter has? - Yes, unfortunately Unfortunately? He will remain in the field, in Småland [refugee camp] until August Why? Because people keep coming from concentration camps all the time And the refugees need him more than anyone else does. The war is over. Why are they coming here to Sweden? I don't know, but he cares more about them than for us. - Do you know what he would like to do? - No - Are you afraid of competition? - No. I take care of the restaurant now - yeah? - Every day, mom In the end, you decide, it's clear Speaking of which, the "feast of peace" banquet was a mistake - Too noisy. The guests complained. - The few who were there Business will improve now that the war is over I received a letter from the bank. Our credit is overdrawn I'll fix it this afternoon Ask if they have Roquefort, and if so, put it on the cold sideboard. - Good day. - Good morning, Chef You must talk to the new boy. Andersson made some interesting findings Two sandwiches - A turre! - Hurry up in the kitchen Mr. Chef Did you have a visitor last night Yes....Chef. Andersson said there was food lying around A guest came down from the party room. I gave the guest an omelette and milk. I hadn't cleaned up yet when Andersson arrived, but there  was no food thrown away You are a little liar I'm very sorry, Chef - It will not happen again. - No Stay today. Then I will never see you again in my kitchen Mr. Löwander, Would you like to increase your credit? We are facing important changes. We must invest to succeed You have exceeded the credit limit. The rules change periodically In the last two quarters the debt has grown a lot We have been trying for a long time to arrange a meeting I'm here to answer your questions In this situation, increasing credit is absolutely unthinkable - I'm surprised. - yeah? I didn't mean... We've been clients since 1911. How long have you been working here With due respect, It is irrelevant - I'll complain to your superiors. - Don't take it like that I'm sure working together we will come to a solution But you should also understand our position - Good day. - Good day Dammit - Is your name Calle? - yes You don't know how to get good references First day of work: you're late and you steal food. Nothing bad Do you know when Peter's coming home? No I hope he wants to come back here. - Who's Peter? - The Director's brother He was a newborn when I started here. Now he is 25 years old He always ran around here. Loved the herring He got a kiss and a small bite of fish. Peter has his strong points, and so does Gustaf. Lately there're a lot of strange people here Take the Ragnarsson guys? - For example They provided us with goods under the rationing. That was Gustaf's doing. Peter is too nice for that kind of thing Rationing will soon be over Mr. Chef. Can we speak in private? - We have nothing to talk about. - Just a few words I insist, Mr. Chef I want to ask for an opportunity, a second chance. That's it The thing is ... my family depends totally on my income Mom is a seamstress but can't find work, and I must feed her and my brother There are a hundred boys who want to work in my kitchen. You had your chance but you blew it. You are careless, unreliable, arrogant and you also lack character. Keep your fucking sob story. Here you are, two "belle Hélene" - Are you a waiter now? - Some guests deserve the best Indeed. I hope it tastes good. I was wondering if I would have time to exchange a few words in my office - No problem. - Excellent - No! - Did you say A, should you say B Changed my mind! I'll take A again Tell us - Let's talk! - I'm going I'm going Do you remember the boy we saw yesterday at Kungsgatan? The one who kissed me He works here - What are you talking about? - After the party I went to the kitchen - He was there cleaning the floor! - Incredible Is he handsome? He's very cute. Extremely cute Do you work tonight - I want to see him. - Call him! - No I can not. - You are the owner of the place If I call a kitchen boy here, it will attract a lot of attention. What if we go to the party room - Who is Calle? - It's me You are requested in the party room Hello. Hello. - Did someone call for me? - Yes it was me I wanted to say that the food was extra good tonight. I'm glad, miss Louise. Louise? Stop. - Don't you know who he is? - Agnes Did you like it, Miss Louise? - Anything else? - Just one thing Can you order some omelets? I am so hungry He must have been angry. He's very cute. Calle Calle - Why? - I would have a good profit - I am not a bank. - Look at it from my perspective And which one is it You are partially responsible for the restaurant's problem Now I do not understand You advised me to invest in German war bonds I followed that advice - I didn't force you to buy anything. - I expected a good return. I borrowed money Everyone believed in investment. Don't blame me - I'm only requesting a loan ... - Löwander! It's pissing me off It's over. Don't count on seeing us here again ¡Director Lundborg, calm down. - A table, please. - I'll see what we can do - Are you Bellan, huh? - Chief Roos It doesn't seem crowded, Bellan If you come with me... Ahead We prefer to sit in the preferential area No vacant tables, Unfortunately Director! Hello! Come here We would like the preferential zone, but Bellan says that it is not possible I'll see what i can do They should settle for a table on the floor They scream! Who are these people - It'll be fine there. - You don't see that that table is occupied? They have not started eating yet. - The general and his wife are regulars! - Shut up! I'm talking to Gustaf - Everything is fine? - As usual There has been a misunderstanding. The table has been doubly reserved You can probably solve it I wonder if they could change tables - Impossible! - We offer complimentary dessert. - We really like it here. - And the other table comes with dessert wine. Your impertinence it does not have limits For example a bottle of Garrafeira, year 1893, a legendary harvest - A really bad one. - Never I have been here since 1815 - 1915, August. - Yes, I'm sorry. 1915 No one can tell August Drugge to leave his post I apologize, General. Mr. Ragnarsson is one of Sweden's best horse breeders He is working on a secret project for the armed forces He's creating a cross between Nordic Swedish horses & Arabian Thoroughbreds. Mr. Ragnarsson is the future of chivalry For my honor - Where do you want us? - Here Blanceflor, reorganization - What was the name of the wine? - Garrafeira Up to the edge Mr. Ragnarsson! Men like you are the future of this country Girls, come on. Thank you - Gustaf! - Not a word Dammit You! Tell the chef to send food to Mrs. Löwander - Mrs. Löwander? - The lady above. -You know what I'm talking about? -Yes. Food coming through the door. - "The lady above", who is she? - Helga Löwander, mother of the director - What does she usually have for dinner? - How should I know? Move What is this? It's a toast with mushrooms and a glass of Chablis This is not what I usually have. I apologize if I have disappointed you. - It's good. - I'm delighted to hear it, ma'am - It's even hot. - I hurried - Who cooked it? Was it Chef Backe? - It was me, Mrs. Löwander - Seriously? - Word of honor What is the secret to make such good toast The stew should not be too wet, so the crispness of the bread does not suffer. - You put some alcohol in the stew. - a little brandy - You do not fool me. - You are a true connoisseur Flattery works for me - How was your food? - Excellent He has served me the best dinner in many years Let this kitchen boy run the restaurant Yes maybe - What is your name? - Carl, Mrs. Löwander - And you're a boy from the kitchen? - For a few more hours - What do you mean? - I got fired No way! Why Last night a customer came down from the party room and wanted to eat. - And Astilla fired you for that? - Chef Backe Now you can calm down a little Did you know about this? He will stay - I think Chef Backe ... - He cooks well and looks good He is a genius compared to many others in our kitchen. He will stay. If Sliver bothers you again, you just have to come here right away - Yes, Mrs Löwander. - That's it Excuse me, Chef Mrs Löwander has decided to let me stay - Mrs Löwander? - yes You can talk to her if you don't believe me Then you stay Thanks, Chef. I promise you that I will not disappoint you By the end of the week you will be gone - It's not really my business ... - No, you're right. But it's not worthy to act like this Thank you! Anything else you want to say No. that was it You don't have to say anything. That grimace on your face says it all. You're right. It should not happen again Director, Mr. Ragnarsson Wants to talk to you - Everything is fine? - yes - Your treat, yes? - Of course I didn't really come to eat supper. You have a choice, Gustaf No later than tomorrow night I want an answer. You know where to find me. Let's go girls I'm looking for that kitchen boy, Calle. He's free for a few hours during the day. I think he went home. - Ethel, do you know where he lives? - No I can ask one of the other guys in the kitchen Thanks, that would be good I won't say who asked - Did you read about the scandal at the Opera? - I heard "The culprit, according to the police, is the director." "He gave his companions stolen ration coupons. " It's Marton. I know who it is. -Has he offered them to you too? -No, just the Opera Cellar. "The principal has made a fortune and risks 3 years of forced labor. " Hello. Hello. - I wanted to apologize. - yes My name is not Louise My name is Nina Löwander Sorry for last night in the party room - I had been drinking, it wasn't me. - Or, you were just what you are. - Didn't you like our first meeting? - No Not. That was me really It must be hard to come up with another name when you should be yourself. - Would the truth have changed anything? - Yes! Then it never would have happened I support my family with my salary! I can not take risks. I understand. Calle, let's eat That was not what I wanted to say Come on! The soup is getting cold You have made the right decision - We must be discreet. - Of course! See how it went for Marton. He earned upwards of 300,000.crowns When I settle my debt with you, we're done. - You say that now. - I'm serious It's like having your own printing house for banknotes. We'll see if you can close it. A "Gula Änkan", thanks Eva, come on! Let's celebrate. Rigmor Wonderful Four glasses. Thank you. - Peter, can you help me? - Sorry - Suzanne, welcome to Stockholm. - Thank you 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 