In Treatment: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 In Treatment 
 s1e4 - Jake and Amy: Week One - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 In Treatment (2008–2010): Season 1, Episode 4 - Jake and Amy: Week One - full transcript 
 A bickering husband and wife (Josh Charles and Embeth Davidtz) corner Paul on the issue they've spent the last three weeks debating: whether or not she should have an abortion. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hey, Lenny, it's your dad. Pick up. Hey, what's going on there, little man? In a couple hours. Listen, has mommy left already? She wasn't home? No, she's not picking up her cell. What? What are you eating? That doesn't sound like an apple. It sounds like a frito. Are you eating fritos? Okay, okay. Lenny, I don't have the time for this right now. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We'll talk about it when I get back, okay? Bye. The way she stuffs him with junk food drives me crazy. Hi, this is Amy. Leave me a message. It's me, I'm at Paul's. Where the hell are you? What's going on? S01E04: Jake and Amy, Week One Why don't you sit down, Jake? I'm sure she'll be here in a moment. This time slot sucks. Hi, This is Amy. Leave me a message. Don't fucking tell me you forgot we're due at Paul's. Call me back. Bye. She knows we have an appointment. We talked about it this morning. Sarah, what's up? Hi, it's Jake. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Jake. Did she leave already? When? What do you mean? 20 minutes or three hours? Do you know where she was going? Did she leave alone? Alone... that means, without anyone else. Oh, okay. Good, good girl. See, that was easy, right? Fine. Fine. All right, thanks. Bye. Fuck her! Was that somebody from... Amy's office? Yeah, they're all so full of themselves. I can't stand them. I'm sorry, what exactly does Amy do? She's Deputy -- VP something, whatever. She's all about work now. Lenny barely sees her. Are you... comfortable being here... with me without Amy? Yeah. I'm comfortable. But you said we shouldn't start until we're both here, right? So we wait. We can start at anytime you want. It's just... If you don't mind that Amy has to hear it all again. No, it's okay. We'll wait. I'm, I'm just getting the sense, uh... Jake, that... this is difficult for you to be here without her. No, it's not difficult. Hi, Molly. Everything's fine. Can you hear me now? Great. Listen. Do you know where Amy is? If I knew, I wouldn't be calling. She's not picking up. Do you or don't you know where she is? Molly, I'm in the middle of something, okay? All right, I'll let her know. Okay, bye. Her mother. Jesus. What do you mean? The way they talk -- you can tell they're loaded. They got money coming out of their asses. - Amy too? - What do you think? She's lucky I keep things in perspective for her. Her mother. Yes, Molly, what is it? An attack? An attack of what? Why do you always rush to the worst-case scenario? Well, fine, go on worrying. I'm not. Because. I'm not worried, Molly. What are you gonna do about it? That's the way it is. Okay, Molly, I'm in the middle of something, okay? Bye. Bye. Now I'm in trouble with her mother, the hysteric. - She sounds anxious. - She's a wreck. Maybe she's skipping through the stages of... Anxiety. What? Well, it's like -- Let's say you arranged to meet somebody, a particular time at a particular place. and you arrive and they're not there. and you think to yourself, "Oh, maybe I got the time, the place wrong. And then you get to the stage where you get angry and you say, "Where the hell are they? They're supposed to be here." And then you get to the stage of anxiety, where you're worried if something has... happened to them. Okay, I'm outta here. I don't think -- I think you should stay a few more minutes. She was late last week, remember? Maybe I left my ringer off. No, you idiot, her mother just called you. Okay. Are you leaving? I'm gonna step outside. Maybe I can see something. Jake, why are you so worried? You mean what act of anxiety am I in? That's interesting. That you say "act of anxiety". Because it's an act, not a stage. It's from that pretentious fag. So you're familiar with the works of Roland Barthes? Surprise, surprise. Her mother? Her mother. I'm late, sorry. Hi. Who's calling? - Why don't you answer the phone? - Where were you? I'm right here. What, were you worried? - You weren't picking up. - Really? I'm such an idiot. I switched it off during the meeting. I forgot to turn it back on again. Where were you? At work, where else? What were you doing in the meantime, mud wrestling? Wrestling. That's what it looks like. It's just a really bad time slot. What? Sarah said you left a long time ago. So? Traffic. You were wearing a different outfit this morning. He noticed. I just bought it. You just went and bought yourself a suit? Yeah, I spilled coffee over myself during the meeting. - What meeting? - Are you gonna sit or what? There was traffic. That's it. - Two o'clock. - What? Sarah said you left the office at 2:00. That's right. I told you I had a meeting. - A meeting with whom? - What is with the interrogation? With Reeves. What difference does it make? Who's Reeves, Amy? My boss. So where was it, this... meeting? At a caf?. Why are you wasting our time here with Paul on this bullshit? Well, you should've thought of that before you came in late. Is it -- usual for you to be late, Amy? Sometimes. I'm fashionably late. Well, you've been late for... all of our three sessions so far. I apologize. Is your being late an indicator of not wanting to be here, perhaps? Don't flatter yourself. So -- you're usually late, Amy, and this is usually your reaction, Jake. Is this his usual response? Yes. He's suspicious. Do you think, perhaps Amy has something to hide, Jake? Is that why you were nervous earlier on? I wasn't nervous. Maybe it was you who was nervous to be alone with me. He's a bundle of nerves. - Well, perhaps if -- - Where'd you get the outfit? - Paul's talking. - Where'd you get the outfit? I told you, I spilled coffee on myself - so I went and bought it. - Which caf? did you go to? Do you see what I have to deal with here? The bakery next to the office. I had a... an espresso. He had a mint tea. I had an almond croissant. He had toast. - There's no shopping in that area. - So? So what, you drove to a mall? Where to? So, what if I did? - All the way to a mall. - Yeah. How much do we owe you, Paul? - What is the matter with you? - How much do we owe you? Why? Because we're wasting our time, that's why. - She went to finalize the abortion. - I didn't finalize anything. While we've been sitting here, waiting to talk about whether or not we should have an abortion, she's meeting with Kornreich to work out details. - I didn't work out any details. - You're lying. I bought a suit. Did you or did you not see Kornreich? I did see him. But I didn't work out anything. So what were you doing there? He told both of us that he couldn't do anything till he ran some tests. So he took some blood from me. - And you call me suspicious. - Do you see why I hide things from you? Because you react like a madman. It isn't an abortion. It's in case we decide to have an abortion. Did Kornreich ask what I thought about all this - or is your opinion and his enough? - Oh, god, here we go. The man's been giving me fertility treatments for five years. Can I talk to him? If you were wearing this outfit, I'm sure he was happy to talk to you. Did he look under it? Did he -- check you before taking your blood? - You're such a shithead. - When she curses, Paul, you know she's lying. I think, Jake, what Amy... might be trying to say is that she can't talk to you about this abortion because you suspect anything that she says. I'm the one at fault here? I'm the one at fault? She arranges a meeting with her OB behind my back, and I'm the one at fault here? Tell me something, is she paying you behind my back, too? Oh, right. I bribed him, so I can have an abortion. And on the other hand, Amy, you may be responsible for Jake's suspicions because you behave like somebody who's got something to hide. Because you lie. Because you won't allow me to have any doubt. What do you mean by that? Well, you can see it for yourself. He, he won't even consider an abortion as an option. And look at him. Do you hear how he talks to me? Well, perhaps his, uh -- His aggressive attitude reflects his need to be... more aware of what's happening to you, to be part of your decision, to understand your thought processes. Maybe it's a... it's an expression of his love for you. Love? God. - Cursing me out's all about love? - I didn't curse. And you're a liar. I'll go and see Dr. Kornreich tomorrow and I'll discuss it with him and I will make a decision. Amy, can you tell us what, uh... what the most important issues for you are? We've been through that here, Paul. I don't know if I want to be pregnant again. - She doesn't want to have the baby. - I don't know if I want another baby, okay? I'm not sure. I told you, I'm tired. Are you capable of thinking of anything but yourself? - It's my pregnancy. - Our pregnancy. It's ours. - Oh, really? - That's right. And the hemorrhoids, are those yours, too? And the nine months of morning sickness, whose are those? And the extra 50 pounds, are those yours, too? Have you spoken to Dr. Kornreich about... terminating this pregnancy that you've wanted for so long? Yes. I don't think, I'm... I'll be able to love another baby. I'm angry at him already. I feel like it's forcing itself into the middle of things. Ever since I became pregnant, I've felt the hormones raging, driving me insane. And I know I'll have postpartum because that's what happened last time. I see it coming, and it paralyzes me. I won't be able to take care of this child. I won't love him. I don't -- I don't know what I'm capable of, you know? I scare myself. I scare myself to death. So, was that convincing enough? You're insane. Why? Because I want to be able to make my own decision? - Deranged. - Really? Well, if that's the case, and assuming you're mentally healthy, why are you in such a hurry to have another child with me? Maybe you could explain it to her, Paul. Maybe you could explain that it's abnormal for a woman to make up such a crazy speech about being depressed. I want to get you and Kornreich and everybody off my back so I can make my own decision. And you know what? If playing the part of the depressed wife will do it, great! There. I'm sorry I made all that up. Really? What? Did you make it up? I told you, she's a born liar. I lied and I apologize. What? I'll go kneel in the corner and pray for forgiveness. Isn't it possible that -- something in this... fake narrative of yours -- has more than a grain of truth? Those fears sounded very real to me. All of a sudden, he's a therapist. Maybe I'm hearing what she's trying to tell you, Jake. What am I trying to say to him? That you're terrified. You're terrified of having this child. Can't you hear that? She's exaggerating her fears so that you will hear her, so that you will listen to her. What do you mean? He means that it's abnormal for a woman who's spent five years in fertilization treatments to want to get rid of the baby because she's afraid of hemorrhoids. It, uh... it seems to me that... both of you have a wide range of emotions, in respect to this pregnancy. Perhaps, Jake, you're not confronting your... fears... about not wanting another baby. And you, Amy, on the other hand, if you weren't so busy fending him off, you might find within yourself arguments for wanting... another child. Why is it so hard for the two of you to understand that a woman may choose to put her career or her body or whatever... ahead of having a child? I -- I think what I'm trying to say is that I don't think the issue is as clear-cut - as both of you want to admit. - Bullshit! Total bullshit! You're talking to two people who spent five years in fertility treatments. Do you know what it's like? Five years? For five years they've injected me and hurt me and drawn things out of me and told me when to eat and when to sleep and when to breathe and when to fuck. Do you know how many hands went in and out of my body during the last five years? For nothing. And when we stopped the treatments, and not because I wanted to, because the doctor told us to, the whole world, including him, comforted me and said, "Oh, you know, maybe it's for the best.", and -- you know what? They actually managed to convince me. So here I am, and it's a year later and I feel happier and I've lost the weight. And for the first time, I can actually see myself as someone who... someone who -- Someone who'd never have a baby with a shithead. You are so primitive. "Primitive"? Back when she was cheating with me on her first husband, Paul, I was "sexy". But now I'm "primitive". I still find you sexy. Not as sexy as Reeves, right? You're wrong, believe me. You know, for a pathological liar, you sure say "believe me" a lot. I'm a liar and deranged and egotistical. Anything else? Just admit that you don't want to have my child. We already have a child, remember? Yes, I do. He's at home having ding dongs for dinner. You know what? It seems to me that you're not really talking about a child. You're really talking about your inability to accept each other for who you are. You know, I don't understand what you're doing. Excuse me, but I, I, I just don't get it. We came here a couple of weeks ago because we couldn't make a decision. And as time goes by, you try to convince us that we're not indecisive but that we have problems. You haven't helped us to decide whether to have the baby or not but you've done a great job of getting us to fight. - Well, I think what's coming out --. - We didn't come here in order to bring things out. We came here to decide whether to keep the baby or not keep it, that's all. But it's not a yes or no answer. Tell me, how do you sleep at night? What, do you think I should have problems sleeping at night? If we're talking about a separation here, then you should lose some sleep. But I wasn't talking about a separation. - Why are we talking about a separation? - We came here to talk about a pregnancy, and we end up talking about all these other things. Relationship: yes, relationship: no... I'm sick of it. Yes to the pregnancy or no. to have an abortion or not have it. Just fucking say it already. To keep the child or don't keep it. Tell us what you think. You want me to give you an answer right now? Yes. I want a yes or a no. I think you should have an abortion. Really? Go ahead -- have an abortion. Is that what you think? Do you see what's happened here? Do you see how you shoved me into a corner? Do you see how I had to give you the answer that you didn't want to hear? This is exactly what you do with Amy. I can't tell you whether or not to have an abortion. Yes, you can. You just did. I don't have an answer. You just gave us an answer. You said to get an abortion. You could've said many things but you told us to have an abortion, right? You did. You had an opinion and you let it slip out. - You're murdering our child. - Stop. Leave him alone. Let's go. You got what you came here for, right? There's nothing else to do here. Let's stop wasting our time. You know why I can't tell you whether or not you should have an abortion? It has nothing to do with whether I'm a psychotherapist or not, whether I'm allowed or whether I'm not allowed. This is a personal decision for you both. It is a personal and moral decision that you must take... yourselves. All I can do is help you to confront your feelings so that you come to a correct decision for you both. That's all I can do. That's it. Goodbye, Amy. Hello, you've reached the office of Dr. Gina Toll. Please leave me a message and I will get back to you as soon as I can. Gina, it's Paul. Paul Weston. I know it's been quite a while. I'll... I'll try again later. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 