In Treatment: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 In Treatment 
 s1e8 - Sophie: Week Two - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 In Treatment (2008–2010): Season 1, Episode 8 - Sophie: Week Two - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "In Treatment"... I really don't remember what happened. I was on my bicycle, and a car ran into me, and -- What did they tell you afterwards? That I flew my bike right into the street. They told me that I needed the opinion of a psychiatrist, because... the insurance company of the car that hit me has a problem with my injuries. How do you get on with your dad? He's the only person in this world 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 who truly loves me. The only one except Cy. Who's Cy? This is Cy. He's my coach. Hello? Sophie -- - Stop the car. - Calm down. I wanna get out! Did you hear what I said? Just calm down. - I wanna walk. - It's pouring. I don't care if it's raining. I wanna walk! - No, it's too far to walk. - Fine! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Sophie! Sophie! S01E08: Sophie, Week Two - Are you -- - I'm fine. I'm fine. Cy says you have to experience the rain, so, I've experienced it. I'll get you some dry clothes. I'm fine. Really? Are you sure you wouldn't be more comfortable... Wait a second. Here we go. - Are they your daughter's? - Hm-hmm. Did you ask her if it was okay? No, but I'm sure she won't mind. I'll put yours in the, uh... in the dryer, and they'll be ready by the end of the session. Well, you'll have to help me. I haven't got dressed on my own since my accident. Are you gonna help me here or not? Did you ever hear of an umbrella, kiddo? My goodness. Sweetheart, look at you. You're just all skin and bones, aren't you? Okay, I will have these... dry for you before you leave. How on earth do you manage with two broken arms? You don't. What, one arm wasn't enough for you, huh? Okay. You know, I broke my arm when I was 12 and I was roller-skating. And the best thing about it -- was that I got to whack my little brother In the head with my cast... when he was bugging me, which was pretty much all the time. All right, do your shoes. She's cool. - Kate? - Yeah. She's awesome. True. You could learn a lot from your wife, about how to talk to people. Wish I could take her with me to the gym. She could tell everyone the truth to their faces. Who do you want her to tell the truth to? Did you write my evaluation? No. - Did you? - What the fuck? Why didn't you? That's why I'm here. That's all I need from you -- that stupid evaluation. Actually, I don't think I know you quite well enough... yet, Sophie. So why didn't you write yours? Well, I tried... with my dad, but -- he's too busy with his exhibition. - He's an artist? - A photographer. He hates the word "artist." He always has his exhibitions at home, because he's against galleries. Anyway, he said it was totally unprofessional for me to write my own evaluation, and that you sound like a quack. Are you a quack? No, I am not a quack. I promise. And then I tried to write it with my mom. And that didn't work... obviously. Why do you say "obviously"? Because she's a total tool... and a retard. A tool and a retard? Yeah. We got in a fight, and I was like, "I so do not need this right now." So I left. I went to this apartment near the gym where the foreign girls stay. I told them my parents were going out of town, so, they let me crash there. And then I tried to get Cy to help me write it... but he's too busy getting everyone ready to leave for training camp, so... I didn't do it. So, why did you and your mom get into a fight trying to write the evaluation together? She actually wanted to write it for me. And I was like, "No, mom, I can do it myself." And she was like, "We'll be here until the next Olympics." And I was like, "Bite me." So I left. So you didn't want her to write it. You just... wanted her to help you... - what, phrase it? - It doesn't matter. We got in a fight, for a change. But this time, Sophie -- you left home. - So? - Have you done that before? - No. - So something was different about this particular fight. What do you think it was that was different? Did you -- did you come from home, or... did you come from the gym today? - The gym. - Gym -- is that far away? That's why I was late. Sophie -- before you arrived, I, uh... I got a phone call, and, um... I heard you asking somebody to let you out of the car. Umm... well, I, I -- I tried to call you to tell you I was on my way, but, um, then I figured that we were like five minutes away, so... I thought I hung up before the call went through. Was that your father? You could've hung up, you know? Or do you always eavesdrop on other people's conversations? Sophie, if you were my patient, I'd ask if you thought It was a coincidence that I overheard that conversation. But I'm not your patient. I wouldn't see a therapist who I thought was an eavesdropper. I'd be out of here. So did your dad bring you in? I told you, I had a fight with him! I thought you said, the fight was with your mom. It's really none of your business who I came here with. Earlier on, you, you said that you'd like Kate to go to the gym with you. What would you like Kate to... to tell the girls at the gym? Your daughter's clothes are gross. Why is that funny? - Well, why are they gross? - They're hideous. Okay. I'm really not getting my evaluation today, am I? This is stupid. I should go. Are my clothes dry yet? - I wouldn't think so. - Well, can you check? And call Kate, because I need her to help me put them back on. You people are such tools. I can't believe you get paid for this. Why didn't you tell me before that you heard my conversation? I was waiting for you to tell me. So now I'm a liar, too? I didn't say you were a liar, Sophie. It's what you're thinking. Why do you need Kate to go to the gym with you? I don't need her to. Can I ask you -- something? How do you get along with the girls at the... - at the gym? - They're assholes, okay? All of them. The whole place, it reeks of hypocrisy. Did you know, like, every girl there is a Mia or an Anna except me? They know it. They just don't do anything about it. They encourage it. These girls, Anna and Mia, are they friends of yours? You don't know these girls? They're fun girls... especially Anna. ...rexic? Anorexic. Okay. And Mia -- Bulimia? You're sharp as a tack. Thank you. So, the girls at the gym are anorexic or bulimic, except for you? You can't keep your weight down otherwise. And if you're not skinny, you can't compete, so... you have no choice, you have to. But who says, you can't compete? Cy and Regina. Regina is our physical trainer. All the girls follow Cy around like little groupie sluts. "Cy, was that okay?" "Cy, can you show me how to do that move?" "Cy, I'm about to fall. Quick, put your hands between my legs." But not Regina, 'cause she's Russian. So her bullshit detector is like nuclear. And at the end of the day, Cy and Regina decide everything: Who competes -- who's gained weight and can't compete. After my accident, Karen Scott and Audrey England came to visit me. They had these pathetic looks on their faces, like, they felt my pain. But I knew they were happy. I would have been happy if something had happened to one of them, right before the Olympic tryouts. Honestly... if it was me... I would have done what Shirley did. She didn't even come. Me and her, we're like the best ones there by far. It was like she was saying, "Drop dead for all I care. Just get out of my face." At least that's honest. So they're leaving tomorrow for training camp in California, and I have nowhere to go. They won't let me stay at the apartment by myself. They promised Cy I could go, even though I can't train. And now he says they've changed their minds. - Who's, who's "they"? - The sponsors -- the money people. Anyway -- I picked a fight with him. That's what you heard on the phone. It wasn't his fault. Why is it so important for you to go with them? To the camp? Everyone will be there. You mean, Karen, Audrey and Shirley? But, but you said, you can't stand them. You said, you don't even like them. And you can't train anyway, so -- I don't understand why - it's so important to you. - It's not important. But I was looking forward to it. Sounds like, um... you and Cy are, uh... - you're very close. - No. Why? Can you tell that over the phone? You said, he wanted to take you to camp, despite the fact that you had an injury, and, didn't he, didn't he drive you here? It was on his way. He wants me to come to the camp to at least watch the training, so I don't lose focus. But no. He couldn't make them pay for Darlene either. - Darlene? - Cy's wife. She has to pay her own way and Dana's too. Dana is the little girl you used to babysit? Why, why did you stop? Who told you I stopped? Did I tell you that last week? You have good memory for an old fart. Thank you. So why did you stop? They didn't need me anymore. Dana used to have all these breathing problems, but... then she had this surgery and they got better, and... Darlene came back from Wisconsin, where she was like... learning to process her own cheese or something, so... they didn't need me. Did you work there for, uh, for a long time? No. Sort of. And Dana must have become very fond of you. Did she become attached to you? Yeah. She's the cutest. She hasn't stopped talking about me since I left. She said she doesn't want to go to California if I'm not going to be there. They told her that I wouldn't be able to babysit her anymore, 'cause I'd had this accident. But -- see, I'd already told her before, that I couldn't keep living with them once her mom came home. I wanted to prepare her, you know? But they didn't tell me what they were telling her, so, the whole lie became mixed up in her head. What? - What? - You look scared all of a sudden. I look scared? Like you're looking at a psycho or something. I was just remembering that the last time you were here you put your... your casts together. Do you remember? And you said -- "This is Cy." Yeah, the mermaid that he drew. You said that when Darlene came home you knew you couldn't keep on living there. I never said I lived there. But you told Dana you wouldn't be able to go on living there. Yeah, because she's a child. But, so, it felt to her like I lived there. It was just... 'cause she'd go to school and, um... come back and I'd be there, and, you know, she got used to me being around. So... even when he was home she'd want me to stay... cook them dinner, do her homework with her. Sometimes she'd wake up screaming because she stopped breathing in her sleep. Cy told me that. What the hell is going on here? What -- what do you mean with "What the hell is going on here"? My dad was right. I'll go to therapy and I'll end up a psycho... just like your daughter. Everyone thinks she's a freak. - Are you trying to hurt me, Sophie? - No. But you should know what people say about her. She had this thing with this guy... and afterwards... everyone says she'd turned out psycho 'cause her dad is a shrink. Shrinks' kids are psycho. Everyone knows that. Well, maybe that's because... because some people are afraid of therapy. They're afraid of what they might find out. They're afraid that it might -- touch those wounds that are deep inside them. I think there are things that... perhaps... you feel deep inside, Sophie, that you'd like to talk about. I'm fine. You wanna worry about a little girl? Worry about your own kid. Does it bother you that people talk about my daughter? Why would it bother me? Because maybe you know what it feels like. - Maybe I don't. - But we were talking about your coach, and then suddenly you brought up the story of my daughter. I just-- Yeah, because I thought you should know. Are there people who say things about you, Sophie? At the gym -- maybe? You know, Sophie, sometimes when people are jealous... they say things to hurt us, because they envy us. Do you think that some of the girls at the gym might be... jealous of you, and... how close... your relationship is with Cy? Don't talk to me like I'm a child -- please! Fair enough. Sophie, I get the feeling that you're afraid to tell me, something that other people say about you. Are my clothes dry yet? Can you go check? If I won't be getting an evaluation today I'd at least like dry clothes. Yeah. Well, I have started to write it. Can I see what you've got? I'm, uh... I'm not quite finished yet. I'll bet you haven't written a word. "Sophie's evaluation: 16 years old, a gymnast. She is an Olympic hopeful. She came in for evaluation After a near-fatal accident. During first session appears to be very impressive, sensitive, mature for her age, very intelligent, and a highly independent personality." I tried to write it... with my mom but... We didn't fight. I just said, "Never mind." Do you really think those things you wrote? Absolutely. They're just generalities at the moment. It's not enough for a real evaluation. You know... this morning I tried to brush my teeth... like you. - Like me? - Hm-hmm. Like... How'd it go? I couldn't do it. I just stick it in there. Why'd you try that? 'Cause I wanted to know how it feels. How did it feel? I felt useless, like... demeaned or something. I'm homeless. I have nowhere to go. What about your dad? I told you, I had a fight with him. Not a real fight, but he pissed me off. He knows how much I wanted to go to that training camp with them, and he didn't even offer to pay. I wouldn't have taken his money anyway. Obviously, the exhibitions are expensive, but -- Why, why is it so important for you to go to this camp, Sophie? It's not important... anymore. How do you get along with Cy's wife? Fine. I don't wanna talk about them. Okay. When you're ready -- we will. You know, when you walked in here... I thought to myself... somebody in your life has broken the rules. And I felt that... if I had helped you change your clothes, that I would have been doing the same thing. I felt like you were... testing me. I felt like you wanted to make sure that this was a safe place, that the same things that happen out there... don't happen in here. Right when the accident happened... I don't remember anything, but... right afterwards... I remember, the whole world was silent. Not just silent -- soundless. You know, like there had never been any noise ever, not even that hum that you hear when you're in an empty room. Nothing. Even inside the ambulance, people were talking and it was like... it was like I'd gone deaf. I felt relieved. I thought that I would never have to listen to anybody ever again. Sound came back, though. At first from far away. The EMT, she kept saying, "I have to hear your voice. I have to hear your voice, sweetheart." She wanted my parents' phone numbers. She wanted them to come meet me when I got to the hospital. There was no way. They can't even sit in the same section at my meets. I have to wait to two different spots after my routine. I look schizo. I tried to sit up. I told the EMT that I wanted - to see the outside. - Why? You know, when you see an ambulance, tearing down the street, you turn and look. Well, I wanted to see what it was like, being on the inside, looking out. You know, seeing people's faces on the sidewalk, wondering, "Who's in there? Is she going to be okay?" I couldn't sit up. The EMT, she had this mirror that she tried to angle so that I could see out... but all I could see was myself. And I remember thinking, "Both arms, Sophie? Did it have to be both arms, you idiot?" Our time is up. Okay. We'll, um... We'll take it up there... when you come back next week. You're not going to training camp with everyone else in the universe? I'll go get your clothes... call Kate. He didn't offer you a cup of tea even? Are you sure that doesn't hurt? All right, you -- Arms way up, yeah? Okay. Umm... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 