BTS: Burn the Stage: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 BTS: Burn the Stage 
 s1e2 - You Already Have the Answer - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 BTS: Burn the Stage (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - You Already Have the Answer - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This is the first time we're doing a world tour in almost two years since "The Red Bullet". We want to show them something different. Show them that we grew. I'm getting so confused. I'm going to work myself to the bone during the concert. A lot has changed. During "The Red Bullet," we lacked a lot of things and we weren't as skilled. But that was that back then. To say that we gave so many concerts just to prepare for this one, we put a lot of effort into those and worked really hard on them. But I can say that now we're truly performing a show. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 During this tour, we'll perform individual songs as well as sub-unit songs. We have many acts that have a different feel and vibe. Being worried that we didn't have hit songs or enough songs to perform. It was all about that before. But now we work in better conditions so all we need to do is do a good job. It feels totally different from standing still. Because I have to raise my voice. We can lower it by half a key for the live performance. I don't think that's... Though it'll make it a lot easier to perform live. How can we better show them what we want to show them? How can we finish everything well? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I think I prepared with that in mind. It's not like the stage will move up, right? - Anything else you want? - All I want is do a good job. Let's keep it up. I think it's an important moment in terms of performance. We want to move to another level, so we tried a lot of new things. We'll perform these acts one by one during THE WINGS TOUR. So that when it's over I can say I really grew. No, but this... This year is important. A meaningful year. I feel like I'll never experience this again. It's so exhausting. Whether it's a world tour or an event, they're coming to see us because they like us. So I want to have an attitude of gratitude. The concert in Seoul marked the beginning and we put a lot of work into it. What if I can't sing today? What kind of act will we prepare? What do we want them to feel? We thought a lot about that. Nature's calling. I need to go to the bathroom. As an idol star, an artist or performer, this will be a show that will test me. Just as we prepared. Just as usual, okay? It's everyday life for us. We prepared the concert while appearing on TV. Don't consider this just one more day. People gathered after a lot of work, so we must show them something. - Bang Bangtan! - Bangtan! - Let's go! - Go! How many people can one meet in a lifetime? The fact that we're performing in front of thousands is something to be proud of. I could never say, "This is enough." We want to show them our authentic side. We don't want to disappoint them. We need to perform with a sense of duty. ARMY, scream! - There you go. - That's what we want. If you ask me about my motivation, I have to mention our fans, obviously. So many things that we feel grateful for happened in 2016. But the most important thing is the Grand Prize that we were awarded along with you guys, ARMY. I get so many thoughts when I think of our fans. We could give this big concert thanks to you, ARMY. Really. We truly thank you. No. We love you! Thank you. They don't ask for anything back. They support us purely. That makes me feel that I have to work harder. I also want to repay them. I like them because they're so handsome. They're so cute. They make me happy. Maybe joy? We want to go beyond that. We want to listen to their stories. We want to look into their eyes and see what kind of lives they lead, and become a part of the lives of those that love us, so that we can be of big help to them. Good job, everyone. I can't cry on a happy day. I don't cry on happy days. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Health for BTS, ARMY and Big Hit. - That's what I wish for. - Thank you, everyone! We promised we won't play with food. - Oh, right. - Let's just eat it. Hey, that's my bag. - Sorry. - Your bag's covered in cream! Lift it straight up. Park Jimin! Park Jimin! How much is the bag? Oh, come on. What now? He said the f word. That's an expensive bag. [We'll be the wings of BTS] [We'll be the wings of BTS] Whenever we read your letters we can feel how you're dealing with life and how you're surviving it. How you're dealing with pain. And we like that very much. So we want to stay together with the love that you show us to continue to feel you and walk this road together. As long as we stay together, just like the title of our song, [We'll never stop flying] we will see the spring day come. I have no doubt about that. So let's spread our wings and fly to our spring day. Thank you. We're in trouble. The nightmare we had in the US is starting all over again. I'm not even surprised anymore. I hear that our leader lost his passport. Shall we try to find it? We can't enter Chile without the passport. Didn't it slide through the seat in front? Didn't you originally¡¦ Did you check under the blanket? It wasn't there. Excuse me, do you speak English? We can't enter Chile, then. They found it! My goodness. - Thank you, sir! - Thank you! You just saved my life. Thank you. Ah, what just happened? Thank you. Sorry. Let's get out of here. I can't stay here. I almost cursed at him. I almost cried. I'm literally crying. - Thank you! - Thank you! Thank you! Hang his passport around his neck from now on. Let's go. Go. Let's get out of here. Get out! Get out! - Let's go. - I almost died of frustration. What should we do about him? I'm really sorry. It's the second time you lose it. I had it when we left the US. Okay. There will be a lot of fans, so stay together. We do it in one go. We know how much our fans love us through social media. Now THE WINGS TOUR is scheduled for 2017. We will have the time to go ourselves and feel the love of our fans. So I was really nervous. What's up, guys? - You know BTS? - What's up, Chile? We prepared this stage, man. What was that? What was that? Cool people say it like this. What was that? - It is "What was that?" - What was that? - It's "What was that?" - What was that? It literally means "What was that." - Is there anybody who cares... - What was that? - What was that? - What was that? - What was that? - Grow up. - Growing. - Growing. Yes, BTS. BTS, grow up. Anybody! Anybody. Can you speak more slush? Slush? Slowly. Slush. I want to have some slush. The ones you can buy near schools. - Yeah, I want that slush. - The type you scoop up. Why isn't Suga here? Suga's working so hard right now that he has no time to eat. - I miss Suga. - That's a nice front you're putting up. You miss who? We're opening the rehearsal up to 500 people? To 500. We're going to draw for winners among those who bought the best seats. What will we rehearse? Let's do a group song. Well, we have to do "Not Today." "Stigma," "Lie" and "Begin." Done. What does the youngest have to say? We'll do "Reflection," "Awake," and "MAMA" in Brazil. Yeah? Then we'll only do "Lie" in the US. A song of the person who's not here. Suga. What's his song? - "First Love." - What's his song? I think "MAMA" is the most exciting. Let's take this to Yoon-gi. Take it to him. Yes, wrap up this food. - Wrap this and that. - Wrap everything. Suga. Yeah? Suga! I'm your Hope. Eat this. Eat up, bro. We bought it for you. Eat up. You look like you slept well. Bye, bye. He looks so refreshed. He must've slept well. Good night, guys. Chile... Chile... Wow, really... We haven't gone to Brazil yet, so I don't want to jump to conclusions. Just as expected. It's different. So hot. I'm thankful. When I perform I get excited and feel good, but also I feel very grateful. Whether we appear on TV or do a show, if they come to meet us, we feel very grateful. A lot of people uploaded cover dances of our songs. I search and watch a lot of them. It's interesting and entertaining. Each member has a peculiar habit. And they catch each and every detail. Sometimes when I see that I get goose bumps. We were putting on make-up and I could hear loud screams outside. I asked if some other group was doing an opening act. It can't get hotter than that. Wow, two thousand, a thousand seats. Oh, my God. A quarter only... Do you remember? We couldn't even pass through it. Dancing with the lights. The fact that they cover our dances and catch every detail would mean that they're expecting that much from us. And we're showing them the original thing at the concert so we don't want to disappoint them. Their reaction is dope. I saw their fever. I would call it madness in a good way. I don't mean it in a bad way. I like that word very much. Madness. They take pictures of us and film us. And I like that they capture how nicely we perform, but what I like the most is when the audience enjoys it. Listening to the songs while seated where the concert hall is cool. Do I like that pleasant environment? Or do I like a concert hall that is filled with deadly madness? Then I'd always say it's the latter. If we enjoy it, they enjoy it. If they enjoy it, we enjoy it in return. Then the energy builds up and it's two or three times more intense. These people make us pour more of our energy into this. The show in Chile was so much fun. Not many will have the opportunity to feel this way. I think it's very special. Honestly, these days, the amount of effort I put in and the time that I invest to show a better version of myself is not as much compared to before. I regret that and I think I should change, but I believe I'm gaining something while I take it easy and do other activities. And regretting doesn't help. My individual song is a lot of pressure for me. And that makes me worry even more. I worry more when I have to do it live. There's a lot of pressure. I messed up. No, you didn't. It was only two parts. You're talking about your voice cracking, right? - Yeah, it cracked. - Okay. The microphone fell off, too. You didn't mess up. Others could say that it's not a big deal, but that one thing makes me feel guilty. And I get so stressed out because of that one thing. I'm already stressed out and I have a sore throat. If I keep making mistakes, it'll be so hard for me to bear it. More so because there's nothing I can do about it. I don't know what happened to me. I think I overestimated myself. That never happened to Jungkook before. I never expected that and it happened all of a sudden. I realized Jungkook is also human. He never shows how exhausted he is. You can never tell. Jungkook was in a very bad shape. Who? Jungkook? He looked really exhausted. I was really surprised when I saw the symptoms. Like, "What's happening to him?" It had been a long time since we came to Chile. We don't know when we're going to come back. And we only had two days of shows. So I worked myself until my body couldn't take it anymore. Hey, are you okay? Jungkook, slow down. Go easy. Slow down. You'll pass out. Don't overwork yourself. It took me by surprise. And I got very worried. And I was worried about the show at the same time. I was very confused. I didn't know what to do. The first day... It's high up in the mountains, so I thought I could probably pass out. I thought about that the day before. The day before, I managed myself well physically. The second day was our last show. I'm feeling much better now. If you're ready, go. - We'll go first. - Yeah, you go first. Jimin, let's go. Hang in there a bit more. One minute left. We want to show them something when we perform. And though we can't be perfect... at least... at the very least... There's a minimum that we want to show them. But if I can't deliver as well as I planned, or my body isn't feeling well enough, then I feel really sad. Not just Chile. We can't go to other countries very often. And they're supporting us from so far away I want to come here and show them something. So when I think that I couldn't do that, I feel so... I just sigh. I knew my body wasn't in a good shape before we started. My body knew it and I knew it. But I sang with only this thought in my mind. That I won't be able to see them again for a long time. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 