The Rookie: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Rookie 
 s2e2 - The Night General - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Rookie (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 2 - The Night General - full transcript 
 Nolan teams up with new night detective Pablo Armstrong for a murder investigation case that results in an unexpected reunion with a former love interest. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪ Nolan: Okay, here we are. Thank you for being our designated driver. Oh, I figured you needed to blow off a little steam after the week you had. Forget about being left back. You just need to make peace with being back in long sleeves. I have. No, you haven't. No, I haven't. [ Chuckles ] Oh, guys. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪♪ [ Cellphone beeps ] 911 Operator: 911, what's your emergency? This if off-duty officer Jackson West, badge 33356. I need a unit to my home for an on-view suspect dealing eleven-three. I'm gonna cut around the back side, cut 'em off. ♪♪ Police. Get down on the ground, keep your hands where I can see them. Foot pursuit! Westbound in the alley! Suspect's a male, white, 5'10", 200 pounds. ♪♪ [ Grunts ] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [ Groaning ] Lucy: Suspect in custody. Yo, you slinging dope in my neighborhood? [ Groans ] Mr. Wilson? Oh, hey, Jackson. You know this guy? Yeah, he's my landlord. ♪ Whoa, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, whoa, oh, oh ♪ ♪ I'm gonna win for you ♪ ♪ Like I know you want me to do ♪ [ "Feeling Good" plays ] ♪♪ ♪ We got that new thing ♪ Sgt. Grey: You ever heard of a Night General? No, sir. Night General Detectives. They respond to any major crime scene after normal business hours. They work the case until it's assigned. They have to be a master in everything because they see everything. Sounds impressive. It is. And most of them got the attitude to go with it. [ Knock on door ] This my tour guide? I thought you were assigning me a rookie. I am a rookie, sir. John Nolan. Nick Armstrong. Detective Armstrong is our new Night Detective. He asked for a patrol officer to show him around, help him get familiar with our division. Yeah, just did a ten spot up in the seven-seven, so I don't know none of the players in this part of town. Hell, I don't know where to get a decent cup of coffee. Well, I got you covered on the coffee. I'll do my best on the rest. Fair enough. Alright, it's roll call time. You want to come? Yeah. First day of school, might as well meet the other kids. Were you Night General back at the seven-seven? Yeah. Last five years. After my wife died, I found the nights the hardest, so I filled 'em. Oh, I'm sorry. Married? Divorced. Before or after you signed up? Before. Part of the catalyst to make the change. Change is hard. I hate it, man. But here I am. Life is contradictory. [ Chuckles lightly ] Tell me about it. Sgt. Grey: Settle down. Find a seat. First up, I'd like to congratulate Officer Jackson West on a fine pinch last night. [ Cheers and applause ] No crook is safe from Officer West, not even his landlord. Letter of commendation? Change of address form. Your apartment is now considered a "house of ill repute"... [ Laughter ] ...and under asset seizure. We need your new address by tomorrow, even if it's Mama's house. Alright. This sharp-dressed man in the doorway is Detective Nick Armstrong. He'll be in the field after hours for your detecting needs. Yes, Officer Lopez? Detective Armstrong, on a scale of 1 to 10, where 1 is "patrol friendly" and 10 is "making us guard a cleared crime scene in the pouring rain 'cause you get a power trip off of it," where do you stand? Sgt. Grey: Lopez. No, it's alright, Sarge. I appreciate a direct question. A lot of cops take off the uniform, they put on the suit. Suddenly, they think they're better than the officers in this room. I'm not one of them. Patrol is where it all happens. It's fast, honest, pure, raw. 85% of all crimes are solved at the patrol level. So, the way I see it, I am here to help you, not the other way around. And if that doesn't win you over, I have five dozen of the finest donuts in the break room. That's all I'm saying. [ Laughter ] [ Applause ] Detective, you think you can buy us with donuts? Absolutely not. Maybe rent you, though. [ Light laughter ] Okay, are we done? Good, 'cause we're done. Be safe out there. Bradford, let me see you a sec. Chief Williams added another book to your Sergeants Exam reading list. Tim: "Split Second Leadership: Leading Men In The Line Of Duty." Men? It's from the '60s. How is this relevant to 21st-century policing? Ours is not to reason why, Officer Bradford. Read the book. Yes, sir. Sergeant Grey is setting me up to fail. You see that, right? No. I really don't. Come on, there's no way I'm gonna find someplace to live in one day. Not with that attitude. [ Sighs ] 7 to 10 days would be a reasonable amount of time. It's at the sergeant's discretion. Just like sticking me back in long sleeves was at his discretion. You know, I know two guys from the academy who both got 80s, and they're both in short sleeves. [ Car door closes ] Why's he penalizing me? You know, I think I liked you better when you were a coward. You complained less. ♪♪ Tim: If I have to suffer, so do you. So, you're gonna read this out loud to me between calls. Only way I'm gonna get it memorized in time. Or I could drive and you could read it to yourself. Nice try. Start reading. [ Clears throat ] Okay. "Chapter One. True leadership generates respect, not fear. It elevates people, rather than diminishing them." I like this book. You would. Keep reading. "The number-one mistake new leaders make is to think themselves suddenly infallible. The best leaders understand that even the lowliest patrol officer has something valuable to teach them." Repeat that last part back to me. Memorizing is all about repetition. Trust me. I'm a psych major. I-I know this stuff. The best leaders understand that even the lowliest patrol officer has something valuable to teach them. Again. Dispatch: 7-Adam-19, family disturbance at 217 Evergreen. Thank God. 7-Adam-19, copy. En route. Okay, ETA three minutes. Time to read some more. "An open mind and an open door..." And that's why phase three recruits all have tan left arms. I am not gonna lie, the change to short sleeves has been life-altering. [ Laughs ] I remember it well. Then I quickly, uh, moved into suits. I mean, it's not as hot as wool, but it's not cool, either. [ Chuckles ] How long did it take you to make the move? What? Uh, detective? Four years. I didn't think that was possible. Yeah, well, I'm still the only cop who's done it. But I still wonder if I -- if I moved too quickly. Well, speaking as someone who wants to move up rapidly, I am officially your number-one fan. If there's any hints you can dispense, I am all ears. You hook me up on the local 411, and I'll dispense a little knowledge. Deal. [ Chuckles ] Dispatch: All units, incoming four-fifteen. Shaw Memorial. Security fighting with unknown male. I haven't been in a fight in a while. Buy that call. Let's go get in some trouble. Sure. Here we go. They're gonna kill each other! My boys -- they bought these military vests off the Internet, and they wanna try them out! Bulletproof vests? Oh, I hope so. They won't listen to me. Maybe you'll listen to them. I called the cops. Ma'am, get in the house. Get in the house. Put the guns down! Put 'em down! Both: 3, 2, 1. Drop your weapons! [ Gunshots ] Oh, my God! [ Both cough ] Stay in the house. J-Bag: See, I told you they'd work. Drop the guns, right now! Drop your weapon now! Jason: Relax. We were just messing around. J-Bag bet me the vests wouldn't work. ♪♪ Tim: You been drinking, or are you normally this stupid? Get up. I-I don't feel so good. [ Groans ] Tim. Tim. Shelly: Look at you! You guys never listen to what I'm saying. I won the bet. What bet? He's dying! It doesn't matter! It was his idea to buy the vests! 7-Adam-19. I need an ambulance. Gunshot wound to the upper torso. Mom, go back in the house! He's bleeding. What are you doing here? Nurse Lisa: Excuse me, excuse me, excuse me. Just came in on a 5150 hold. He got loose. He's high on something. [ Grunting, punches ] Armstrong: Whoa. [ Grunting ] Hey, big guy. Hey. We don't want anybody hurting you, okay? [ Roars ] Tase him, tase him, tase him! [ Taser crackles ] ♪♪ [ Taser crackles ] ♪♪ [ Both grunting ] Come on, big guy. Come on. [ Both shouting ] ♪♪ Grace? John? [ Grunts ] ♪♪ I'm open to ideas. ♪♪ [ Applause ] Are you okay? Yes. Yeah, I probably should have...stretched before that. [ Chuckles lightly ] How long have you been a cop? Six months. You're kidding me. I mean, they didn't let me touch a patient for three years. Oh, well, I think LAPD puts value on "on the job" training. I thought you were gonna be a painter. I mean, things happened, so... What did you give him, and can I get some? [ Chuckles ] Detective Armstrong, this is Grace. Hi. Nice to meet you. How do you know Nolan? We went to college together. [ Exhales sharply ] Briefly. Nurse Lisa: Gunshot victim coming in! Good seeing you again, John. Nice to meet you, Detective. Armstrong: Nice to meet you. This the first time you've seen her since? Yeah. She looks good. Come on. Yep. Come on. No. [ Door buzzes ] [ Groans ] Come on. Come on. ♪♪ Hey, West. What's up? You find a place to live yet? Smitty, it's only been, like, two hours. After you book your DUI, meet me at the west gate. ♪♪ Oh. [ Man falls on floor ] Smitty? [ Gate opens ] ♪♪ [ Indistinct conversations ] [ Door opens ] Jackson. Welcome home. Home? That's right. You have a chance to stay at the best-kept secret in the LAPD -- Shangri-La Westgate. Low maintenance, zero commute, and a vacation is easy as "Gentlemen, start your engines." Smitty, you live in the police station parking lot. I even have the password to the coffee shop WiFi. Baller, isn't it? "Baller" is not the first word that comes to mind, and not one that sounds good coming out of your mouth. But...you know what? This actually is something that might -- Lopez: Boot! I told you to meet me at the shop! $400 a month, zero security deposit. We got a deal? Let's go! Let me get back to you. [ Car door closes ] Alright, so, what's the deal with Dr. Grace? What do you mean? Mm, noticed a little something-something under the surface. You didn't catch it? No, but I was, uh, a little preoccupied. You know, surprise, adrenaline, head trauma. Okay. What -- What do you think it was? Hey, I -- No idea. No idea. Dispatch: 7-Adam-15, manually activated panic alarm. Multiple distress activations. 7-Adam-15, responding. Code 2 High. ♪♪ Is this locked? Let's try the side of the house first. ♪♪ ♪♪ Hey. Look. [ Banging on door ] [ Muffled shouting ] Police! Come on out! Show me your hands! [ Muffled grunting ] Nolan: I got you. I got you. Armstrong: It's okay. Oh, oh, oh. Alright. They have Jeff. They have our son. There's -- There's two of them. Shh. It's okay. -They're upstairs. -How long ago? Uh, 20 minutes, half hour. Home invasion, possible 207. We're clearing the house now. Stay here. Okay. Okay. [ Both breathing shallowly ] ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ Armstrong: Clear! ♪♪ ♪♪ Matt: [ In distance ] Jeff? ♪♪ No. I'm sorry. No! Jeff! ♪♪ God... I'm sorry. So, what we got? Uh, victim's name is Jeff Christian, 17 years old. Apparently gunshot wound to the back. Any others? Yeah. Matt and Marilyn Christian. Parents. Both assaulted. Described two masked assailants. Males, white, maybe Hispanic. 5'9" to 5'11", medium build. Uh, the primary wore white sneakers with a red triangle. I already put out a BOLO citywide. Can I tell you, it's nice to have a detective here from the get-go. Yeah. Now, you want the on-call homicide dicks to respond? Nah, I'll take this one. Anything special you want them to pay attention to? Uh, there was a piece of electrical tape covering the doorbell camera. Hey. 75% of cops would have missed that tape. That's a nice spot, Officer Nolan. You want to work with me on this one? Yes, sir, I do. Good. Come on. Mr. and Mrs. Christian, I... I am, uh... I'm sorry. All I can offer is a promise. I will hunt the men who did this. I will hunt them to the ends of the Earth, and I will not stop until I find them. If there's anything you need, the LAPD is here for you. Thank you. Armstrong: Would you excuse us? What do we got? [ Grunts ] Is that a puncture wound on the elbow? Yeah. Entry wound. The bullet entered the elbow, probably bounced off the humerus bone, severed the brachial, and then came out of the back. What's this fluid in his mouth? Pulmonary edema, but let's let the coroner handle that. Any sign of struggle? Uh... Not really, but... how does someone get shot in the elbow? [ Sighs ] Reaching for a loaded gun. But what does lunging for a gun suggest? He was fighting back. Eventually, but why wait so long? Was he trying to reason with them? Maybe. But maybe shooting the kid wasn't the original plan, but once he grabbed the gun -- Bang. No choice. But why are they in this room? The master bedroom, the parents' room -- that's where all the expensive stuff is. ♪♪ But here... Wait a minute. [ Door hinges creak ] Cubby hole. Prescription pills. [ Cellphone camera clicks ] Yeah. I'm gonna have to let the lab confirm, but I'm saying that's Oxycontin. You think maybe this was the real target? See that piece of plastic on that nail? The baggie probably ripped when they pulled it out, and they lost a few pills. So that explains what they were doing up here. So, what do we do next? Uh...we dig into Jeff's past, find out everybody he knew. Two of those people either killed him or know who did. Perfect. The suspect pool just shrunk from the whole world to about 200 now. Eliminate women, the very tall, short, young, old -- we're talking maybe 50 names. We could have these guys ID'd before dinner. ♪♪ Jackson: Good move, pulling me away from Smitty's RV. He just dropped the rent a hundred bucks. Yeah, my dad always said the only true negotiating power is the ability to walk away. Smitty's Shangri-La is where cops go to die. That's one way of looking at it. And the other is that it's freedom, model of efficiency. No commute, cheap rent. You can spin it all you want. Doesn't change the fact that it's another step in the wrong direction. Why not just move back in with your folks while you look for a place? Talk about the wrong direction. 'Cause you haven't told your dad about your test score? [ Scoffs ] No. [ Police radio chatter ] Alright, fine. Fine. I'll stay at home tonight, but only 'cause it'll get Smitty to knock down the rent even more. Just like that, we're back where we started. Lucy: "Chapter Three. The healthy habits of command. Delegation is the key to leading men in times of stress. Don't ever think you can carry the load all by yourself." That is so true. Don't you think? It's hard enough to listen to it without you editorializing. Hey, I'm happy to stop reading and catch up on paperwork. You're gonna have to re-read all of this anyway to really memorize it. No. I memorize best when I hear it. Really? Yeah. Huh. Why? Nothing. I... Boot. You might have a learning difference. A what? Technically, it's classified as a disability, but it really just means that you're wired to process information differently. In your case, through -- through hearing rather than reading. I don't have a learning disability. A lot of people have them. I bet Isabel helped you in the Academy, read through the materials with you and stuff. We're not talking about this. Dispatch: 7-Adam-19, suspicious person. Unknown male sitting in a red minivan. Possibly casing at 1966 Keegan Street. 7-Adam-19, show us responding. All I'm saying is... Never mind. [ Siren chirps ] ♪♪ [ Car doors close ] ♪♪ Let's talk on the sidewalk. ♪♪ [ Chuckles ] Rex? You're still chasing bounty? I thought you moved to Reno. All my bail jumpers come to L.A. I got a tip one of 'em's down the street staying at his aunt's place. We got three 911 calls about a weirdo in a minivan. Casing. Watch your tone, Boot. Oh, you don't get to call her "Boot," Rex. You're retired. She's the police now. Let's see your bail bonds license and the warrant on your jumper. You let her talk to you like that? [ Clicks tongue ] Nico Sandoval. Attempted murder? Okay, you need to call dispatch and let us know when you're out here. This guy sounds dangerous. Uh, I've been Code 5 on dangerous men since before you were born, little lady. Well, in this century, you notify local law enforcement so when you get in the weeds, we know who's out here. I don't call for help. Help calls for me. Maybe you need to let this guy read your book. Rex, if you're gonna be out here, you gotta play by the rules. Ah, come on, Tim. I call this in, someone's gonna snatch my bounty. I need that money. Nico shows, you give us a call. No one's gonna "snatch your bounty." Alright. It's good to see you, Rex. It's good seeing you, too, Tim. Nolan: Detective Armstrong. I spoke to some of Jeff's friends. Turns out he did a stint in rehab three months ago. Wow. Funny how his family failed to mention that, and that explains the fluid you saw coming out of his mouth. The only cause for that to happen in a dead body is a bad chest cold or an opioid addiction. That's good to know. We need to get a warrant for Jeff's rehab records, see if he made any friends in there. Actually, I spoke to an ex-girlfriend. She told me while Jeff was in rehab, he connected with a man who was, quote, "ass cancer in a skin suit." Got Jeff to deal some drugs for him while he was in his fancy prep school. This skin suit have a name? Bruno Winch. He lives over in Highland Park. ♪♪ Lopez: LAPD! Probation search! Open up! ♪♪ -Bruno Winch! LAPD! -Clear! ♪♪ -Clear! -Clear. ♪♪ Clear! ♪♪ Man: Clear. Sgt. Grey: Baseball bat. Tough way to go. White shoes, red triangles. ♪♪ Bruno: [ Gasps ] [ Woman speaks indistinctly over P.A. ] Nolan: I don't see you in 20 years, now I see you twice in one day. I still cannot believe you're a cop. How long have you been in L.A.? Uh, less than a year. Moved out after Sarah and I got divorced and Henry went off to college. That's right. Yeah, Henry would be, um, 20 now. 20. [ Chuckles lightly ] That's so weird. We're so old. Right. And yet, you look exactly the same. How is that even possible? Grace. Did Bruno make it? He's critical, but I think he'll live. He's in ICU. Any chance for an interview? No, we had to induce a coma. There's a lot of pressure on his brain. Couple days, maybe? Most likely, it's gonna be a week. But we bagged his clothing for you. Excuse me. Yeah, see, I didn't feel anything then. Yeah, maybe I'm just making it up. Now I think you're just giving me a hard time. Absolutely possible. So, what are we thinking with Bruno? He and his partner pull a home invasion to get to Jeff. Jeff probably stole something from him -- maybe owed him drugs, money. But then how does Bruno end up beaten half to death? Don't do that -- speculate. Making up stories is how innocent men to go jail and guilty men go free. Thus endeth the tip. Understood. Alright. End of shift. Uh, you riding back to the station? Oh, no, I don't have to clock out like you do. I'm gonna stay here, have some questionable hospital food, see if a miracle happens and Bruno wakes up. Okay. Later. Later. Armstrong? I'm doing a huge renovation on a house I just bought. I could really use an extra set of hands. Pizza and beer on me. [ Chuckles lightly ] ♪♪ Pizza and beer? This place is a wreck. Yes. But it's my wreck. [ Laughs ] So, hey, tell me about Grace. Uh...we dated. Yeah, I knew it. She had that "bad breakup" energy. It was 20 years ago, and she's wearing a ring, probably has a kid. I'm sure she barely remembers me. Yeah, yeah. Just tell me what happened. We met my junior year. I was...dating my ex-wife, Sarah, since high school, and, uh, we hit a bad spell and broke up. And that's when Grace happened. Yeah, we'd been friends for a few months, and there had always been a spark, but it just... went off like a bomb. Crawled all over each other for two weeks. It was zero to 160 in the span of a heartbeat. And then? Then Sarah showed up at my dorm eight weeks' pregnant. Damn. Damn. And you did the right thing? There was really no other choice. I still loved her, and that was my kid. So, I, uh, dropped out of school, packed up my things, moved back to Foxburg. I was married in a month, a dad within six, got a job in construction, never looked back. Never? Well...I mean, not never. Now your paths have crossed again, so... So, nothing. I'm seeing someone, and she's married. Married women are the best. You find yourself a sexually frustrated, hot little mama whose husband isn't doing it right -- I can't do that. I mean, just thinking about that stresses me out. That's -- That's how lives are ruined. ♪ Power ♪ ♪ Unh ♪ That... is the right answer. [ Chuckles ] Hey, you can't be faithful to a girl, you can't be faithful to an oath or a badge. I'll drink to that. Yes. Tim: Running late? Yeah, had to commute from my folks' place in Simi Valley. Half the LAPD lives in Ventura County, but they all seem to make it to work on time. Yeah, well, my dad was getting all up in my business about getting extended. Literally had to stop him from coming down here and lighting up Lopez. Look, the hole you're in has nothing to do with Lopez. But she's gonna pay the price when the commander's son goes belly-up halfway through training. I told him it's not her fault. Yeah, so, tell him again. Lopez bent over backwards for you. She protected your ass when any other T.O. would've sent you packing. You owe her your career. I know. ♪♪ Nurse Lisa: Hey. You're the cop who wrestled the guy in the kilt. Yes. Actually, I'm here checking on another patient. Bruno Winch? We're trying to I.D. his p-- Bruno's still in a coma. Right. I figured...as much. I just thought I'd come and check. You could have done that by phone. Nurse Lisa: See ya. I officially feel like you're stalking me. That is as ridiculous as it is accurate. We really just didn't get a chance to catch up yesterday. Like, how long have you been working here? And, uh, do you have any kids? [ Exhales sharply ] I've been here three weeks, I'm the new head of emergency medicine, and I have an 8-year-old. Oh, 8's such a great age, I mean, obviously, they're all great, but 8 is... John, listen -- I don't mean to be rude. I can't do this with you. Grace, it's been 20 years. You left a note on my door. I mean, I never heard from you again. Sarah was pregnant. You broke my heart. I mean, I thought that we were both in love, and then you just disappeared. I can't believe that I am still this angry with you. Grace -- You know, I'll have them call you when your suspect wakes up. ♪♪ [ Indistinct conversations ] Nolan: Mr. Christian? Can I help you with something? Uh, Detective Armstrong asked me to come in so he could re-interview me after, you know, the initial shock's passed. But I'm not sure it has. I can only imagine what you're going through right now. Hell, if somebody hurt my Henry, I'd be out for blood. ♪♪ I'll go let Detective Armstrong know that you're here. Armstrong. Yeah. What's up, buddy? I was just talking to Matt Christian in the lobby. Mm-hmm? I told him if anything happened to my son, I'd be out for blood, and he just got his look. I mean, I-I could be misinterpreting it. Our job as investigators is not to speculate. It's to think about what we've seen, what we've heard, and articulate the facts. What are those facts? Matt paid for Jeff to go to rehab. Uh, that's where Jeff met Bruno. Yep. It's definitely possible that Matt met Bruno there when he was visiting his son. Maybe Matt recognized Bruno's voice during the home invasion? Let's go talk to Matt. Armstrong: Alright. Thanks for coming by, Matt. How's Marilyn today? We didn't sleep. She, uh -- She can't stop crying. Yeah, I'm sorry. I only have a few follow-up questions, and then we'll get you back to her, okay? Yeah. Alright, was Jeff on pain medication? We found oxy in his room. He tore his knee last year. Eh -- Doctor gave him a couple of pills. He was hooked for a little while, but...I got him clean. Re-birth Malibu. That's right. They straightened him right out. Did you ever visit him there? Of course. You know, when they let me. Did you meet a patient named Bruno Winch? Doesn't ring a bell. But what's this got to do with the home invasion? That...wasn't about Jeff. Well...actually, we think he was the real target. What are you talking about? Bruno Winch is one of the men that entered your home, bound and beat you, and killed your son. I have a photo of him. Maybe you recognize him. Oops. Uh, that's the wrong photo. That's what he looked like yesterday when we found him, so... Is he dead? No. He's just in the hospital. We're waiting for him to wake up so he can tell us who did that to him. I don't actually have the photo with me. Uh...let me go get it. Uh, Matt, why didn't you mention that Jeff had a drug problem? Wasn't a problem anymore. And I didn't want his whole memory to be that. Of course. Well, that's a father's job -- protect his kids. He was the best part of me. I failed him. Matt, I know you feel guilty. Put him in rehab to straighten him out, watch him get connected with bad people who just pulled him deeper down, but that is not your fault. If you know anything that can lead us to Bruno's partner, you need to tell me. Just let us do our job. ♪♪ Sorry. Printer's broken. Uh, I can e-mail you the photo. Sure. Uh...I really have to get back to my wife. O-Of course. Of -- Of course. Come -- Uh, we'll be in touch. Soon. Thank you. So, what do you think? He's out for revenge. We get a surveillance team on him? If he knows who Bruno is, it's likely he knows who Bruno's partner is, and he'll go after him next. Which is why when I stepped out, I had SIS put a tracker on Matt's car. Airship will follow. While we hunt down the partner. While we hunt down the partner. Lopez: You doing okay? Jackson: Fine. I know what's bothering you. Seven Year Glitch. Sorry. Seven Year what? Glitch. The most dangerous time for a cop happens every seven years, like clockwork. It's when most of us lose the passion, grow complacent, disillusioned. I went through it myself. Okay, well...I mean, I've only been on for six months. You're not a regular rookie. You've been gung-ho since you were a kid. And now you're glitching early. Okay, well, h-how do I fix my glitch? How'd you fix yours? I became a T.O. Changed my routine. Challenged myself. Well, I am challenging myself. Me not being all in, all the time, is me changing my routine. But...you know, I can -- I can put all that on hold for six more months, embrace my inner slacker after you're free of me. I'm not asking you that -- I know. But it's the right thing. Do you want me to read to you? No. Come on. You have to learn it. I can do that on my own. What are we doing back here? I checked the computer. Rex didn't bring in his bounty last night, which means he's been out here this whole time. So this is a welfare check? Oh, don't put it to him like that. ♪♪ 7-Adam-19, got a broken car window, missing driver. Send backup to my location. ♪♪ Rex: [ Groaning ] Tim: Rex. Eh, that little punk hit me with a cheap shot. Lucy: 7-Adam-19, we need an RA to 1966 Keegan. Assault victim. Broken arm, possible concussion. Where'd he go? His aunt's house. He's long gone by now, though. We need a warrant, or backup. Sit down. No, go -- Go, go! Go with him. I'm fine. Go! Tony Craig! That's Bruno's partner. [ Slaps folder ] He's all over Bruno's cellphone. They even texted about the home invasion. Apartment's in Century City. Sgt. Grey: Matt Christian's in the wind. I thought there was a tracker on his car. He ditched it at the mall. Disappeared. Which mall? Century City. He's going after Tony. Tim: Nico. Where is he? I don't know. He isn't here. There's blood on your front door. That's exigent circumstances, so I'm not leaving till you tell me where he is. He isn't here! So, you're gonna call him. Otherwise we're gonna book you for aiding and abetting a fugitive. Do it now. ♪♪ [ Cellphone beeps ] [ Cellphone ringing ] Nico: [ Echoing ] Hey. What's up? Cops are here. Where are you? I'm in Florida. Tim: Nico Sandoval! You got five seconds to surrender! I'm in Florida, yo. You guys want some of this? [ Chuckles ] [ All grunting ] ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ [ Grunting ] Michelle! Bail me out, okay? Lucy: You're coming, too. Let's go. What?! Right now. ♪♪ Armstrong: Tony's gate is open. ♪♪ ♪♪ Clear. ♪♪ ♪♪ Clear. Armstrong: Matt got here before us. He must have knew we were right behind him, took Tony someplace to finish him off. Yeah. But where? Lopez: Mrs. Christian, I know you think you're protecting him, but what your husband is doing is wrong. Look, m-ma'am, right now, you can't see beyond this moment. Neither can your husband. Making those men pay for what they did is all he cares about. I, uh... I know just...a little about what it's like to be obsessed with something at the expense of everything else. And trust me, it will not change the way you feel. Look, your son is gone, and what your husband is doing will destroy both of you. I know it's too late to save Jeff, but if you can tell us where Matt is... you might not lose your husband. [ Machinery whirring ] ♪♪ ♪♪ Matt! What did you do with Tony? What he deserved. And now it's over... or it's gonna be soon. ♪♪ The cement. Matt put Tony in the cement. That criminal killed my boy. I know, and he's gonna pay, okay? So, you don't have to do this. You can just come on down. ♪♪ You don't get it. I died in that bedroom alongside my son. The only thing keeping me alive was killing them, and now that's over. ♪♪ Armstrong: Hey, Nolan! Look, I found him, but I can't get him up. Help me! We can only save one guy, and right now, Tony is the victim! ♪♪ Matt, I know this seems hopeless right now, but don't make your wife bury two bodies. It will destroy her. Nolan! Help me! ♪♪ ♪♪ Come here. [ Grunts ] Come on! [ Grunts ] [ Grunts ] [ Both grunting ] Watch yourself. ♪♪ ABCs. Go. [ Both grunting ] -[ Coughs, gasps ] -There we go. [ Breathing heavily ] We saved him. ♪♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ [ Grunting ] ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪♪ Lucy: Training for the rematch with Nico? Ah, we got him in the end. ♪♪ Here. What's this? It is "Split Second Leadership: Leading Men In The Line of Duty," the audio book. This book's out of print. There's no audio book. Yeah, which is why I recorded one for you. Uh, listen, I-I talked to Isabel, and from what she said, it's clear you're a kinesthetic learner, which just means that you need to listen while you're being active in order to absorb things. There's no shame in it. Really. Honestly, it's probably why you excel at being a cop. [ Exhales sharply ] Uh...I'll see you tomorrow. Yeah. ♪♪ Thanks. ♪ Bet on myself every time 'cause I like those odds ♪ ♪ I've earned this ♪ ♪ I'm not afraid of a little hard work ♪ Lucy: "Split Second Leadership" by Curtis Philbrick, read by the best rookie you've ever trained. ♪ When will they learn? ♪ ♪♪ Hey, headed home? Yeah. You live alone, right? Yeah. First time ever. No roommates. It's heaven. Why? [ Indistinct conversations ] [ Knock on door ] Well, welcome aboard. Women's softball's on ESPN, and I just made a pitcher of mojitos. Come on in. -[ Laughs ] -Yeah, nice! Jackson: Nope. [ The Faim's "Humans" plays ] ♪ Easy comes, easy goes, somewhere out the window ♪ Lucy: Hey. I talked to Lopez, and she said you needed a place to live and a kickass roommate to help you find some balance. Thank God. Thank you. ♪ You're no different than I ♪ ♪ Some will change, some too late ♪ Yeah. Come on. Come on. Let's go. Let's get out of here. ♪ Will you be the one to say ♪ ♪ Happy ever after ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ Tim: Hey. ♪ You may give it a try ♪ Rex: [ Chuckles ] Good Lord, don't you have someplace better to be? It's nice to see you, too. Hey...thanks. Look, I put the paperwork through under your name. So, you're gonna get the bounty on Nico. Thank you. ♪ You find how a heart aches ♪ ♪ Every day has ruins ♪ Look, Rex, I...I know you're not the kind of guy that asks for help, but if you ever find yourself out here again, just give me a heads up. Little professional courtesy, right? Exactly. Alright. Thanks, brother. Alright. You take care. ♪ Human ♪ ♪ Human ♪ [ Sighs ] [ Elevator bell dings ] ♪ Love is only painful when it lies ♪ Hey. It's been a long day, John. No, I know. Of course. And I'll only take a moment of your time. Look, I left you a note because I wouldn't have been able to go through with it if I saw you in person. ♪ That's what makes us human ♪ And I don't regret marrying Sarah, and I have loved every minute of being Henry's dad. But what I did to you was selfish, and you deserve better, and I'm sorry. ♪ Sometimes you gotta break ♪ ♪ That's what makes us human ♪ ♪ Every time we lose it ♪ ♪ You find how a heart aches ♪ ♪ Every day has ruins ♪ Thank you. ♪ But we know what the truth is ♪ Thank you. ♪ Sometimes you gotta break just to know you're human ♪ So...now that we're friends again, it hurts when I do this. ♪ That's what makes us human ♪ [ Chuckles lightly ] Good night, John. Good night, Grace. ♪ Human ♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 