Boys Over Flowers: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Boys Over Flowers 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Boys Over Flowers (2009): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 While on a dry cleaning delivery run to prestigious Shin-Hwa High, Jan Di saves Min Ha (her client) from suicide, his act of desperation brought on by severe bullying due to targeted ostracism from F4, four bored cream-of-the-crop student boys. The act sparks a public fire storm and boycot against the company that built the school, so Jan Di - a sudden media darling - soon finds herself accepted into the restricted school to quell the public outcries. She balks against enrolling, but her thrilled family pushes her into it, unaware they're shoving their plucky daughter into the disdainfully cruel hands of Flower Four (F4), the school's four über-elite boys who rule the roost. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Brought to you by WITH S2 Written In The Heavens Subbing Squad {\a6}Please do NOT hardsub and/or stream this episode using our English subtitles. The Korean Corporation, Shinhwa Group has been selected, to be the largest corporate sponsor in the 2011 London Olympics. [Largest sponsor: Shinhwa Group] And therefore in the global-wide recession... South Korea's economic growth started, it has maintained the status of the best company, and kept growing and growing and then reached the level of a multinational renowned corporation, its name is Shinhwa. Electronics, oil, automobiles, distribution, and telecommunications. {\a6}Episode 1 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 If you are a citizen of South Korea, you know the two letters of Shinhwa before you know the president's name, and have created a kingdom and therefore is Korea's largest conglomerate. Hello, this is Shinhwa. On a day where they had managed to increase their imports by one trillion Won, and were sent to the Blue House, the founder of this company instead of receiving a medal said, {\a6}*Blue House = Korea's White House "Sir, please allow me to build a school where my grandchildren could attend." And then, there it was, Shinhwa School. The first school in the history of Korea to be backed by the president, who believed that economic advancement was more important than education, and even went to make special laws to accommodate the school. And now there is a saying, if you do not have Shinhwa School on your resume, don't even bother applying. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It is a School made for the 1%, attended by the 1%, and fit for the 1% and therefore has maintained the reputation of the best elite school. Most common people, even if they apply when they are born, they cannot get in to the Shinhwa Kindergarten, but when accepted, then you have the way paved nonstop for Elementary, Middle and High school, and even University. It is subject of jealousy and awe for the rest of the nation's students, and parents who suffer from the hard admissions to universities. However, in this Shinhwa High School, a school for the chosen, something unimaginable was happening. Oh my, Min Ha! What are we gonna do with you? You bastard! Get him! Let go! What is the purpose of your visit? Ah yes... I'm delivering from Jan Di Dry Cleaners. Okay... Thank you. He doesn't give up! Hurry up and find him, damnit! There he is! Let's go! Is this really a school? Hey! The roof! The rooftop! Lee Min Ha is at the rooftop now! What? Really? - Is he putting on some kind of show? - No, he's covered with blood. Oh, really? Lee Min Ha? Lee Min Ha?! What did I say? He wouldn't last a week. Hey, at least he lasted three weeks. But he resisted three days This is what you guys want, right? Okay, I'll give you what you want. Wait! Wait! Student Lee Min Ha! Customer! What... what are you? Me? Well, speaking for myself, I've come to deliver your clothes! Jan Di Dry Cleaners, 30,000 Won, please! Okay, okay, 20,000... 5,000 Won Your gym clothes are service. But you better become a regular. {\a6}*service = doing things for free so it attracts customers. When I'm dead, you can bill it to my house. Now, don't be like that... D...d...d... dead? You're gonna die now? Why? Why? You go to such a great school. No, this isn't a school, it's hell. Excuse me! Real hell is outside of this building. Have you heard of admissions hell? Have you heard of F4? F... F...what? F4? What is that? The moment you get a red card from them, you become a prey for the entire school. Remember it. Ah...ah...ahhh You can't just let them do that to you! It's always the lame losers who walk around like they're the shit. If it was my school, I would have grabbed them and break them! They're fortunate; your friends. Huh? That they have a friend like you. Well... I suppose so. No! No! [Brave Common Student, Who is She? Aristocratic Elite School Shinhwa High School's Murder?] Shinhwa High's group bullying, the savior is a common Wonder Girl. What is going on in the best educational high school, Shinhwa High? Who saved the student being severely bullied by his school at Shinhwa High is... not rich nor comes from a family with a title... {\a6}[Today's News : Aristocratic Elite School, Shinhwa High School's Real Identity?] Shinhwa High's group bullying, the savior is a common Wonder Girl. Brave Common Girl, Who is She? But rather an ordinary female high school student who happened to be delivering dry cleaning. The children of god who are exempt from entrance exams... If you don't have anything else better to do, take the entrance exams. There is only so far a special privilege can go, Shinhwa Group confess! A mother with a child, this is something that is unforgivable. Starting from tomorrow, let's not go to Shinhwa Mart. Shinhwa Group, blow yourself! Blow yourself! Abolish special education! I am here where people are protesting against the Shinhwa Group and the special educational system. Let's hear some opinions from the citizens. Hello, why are you out here today for the candle protest? My friend was also heavily bullied and he dropped out of school, we can say that because of the unbearable stress of the entrance exams, but they have no hardship whatsoever don't you think so? Jan Di, do you know what your nickname is? Common hero, Wonder Girl, you are our generation's true Wonder Woman. Jan Di Dry Cleaners, fighting! Wonder Girl to Shinhwa High! Stop that! But... That Flower Four? I wonder if they're really that pretty... I think all my wishes would come true if I could see them close up... Flower Four? Flower Four? Yeah, right. More like Fly Four... They herd around poop. Jan Di! Look over here! Do you have anything to say? Look here! Here! Please look here! Jan Di! Jan Di! I mean, is that school a school for the gifted? It's not even a foreign language school or a science high school, like it states, it's a school for the rich. And isn't Korea a republic? Those kinds of bourgeoisie schools should... [CEO Kang Hee Soo] I apologize. Right now, the PR team is working busily with the press to... Wait, is this what you call working busily? How can you let, Jun Pyo's name come out of those reporter's mouths? I don't have any excuses... Do you know why the public is scary? Because they are dumb. If they start getting crazy for a cause then it's impossible to stop them. It cannot be dealt with through reasoning and sense. The one who started the fire should be responsible to extinguish it. CEO, the Premier is on the phone for you. Yes, this is Kang Hee Soo speaking. Yes, the events are unfolding to be more entertaining. I had to run away from the paparazzi and wasted my time because of a false delivery. Shinhwa High, every time I think about it I get nauseous. [Jan Di Dry Cleaners] I'm back. Oh, she is here on time! Jan Di, say hello. He says, he's here on behalf of the Shinhwa Group's CEO. Huh? Now I finally get to see the famous Wonder Girl. It's a pleasure to meet you. I didn't push him Really, it was the F4 or something, they were the ones who were... I am here just to, Jan Di, our daughter, don't be too surprised. Starting from tomorrow, you will be attending Shinhwa High School! You will be attending there! W... what? - It's because... - The CEO was very impressed with you. They will accept you as a special scholarship student! They will accept you! Scholarship student? Why me? We believe that Jan Di... Noona, you were on the swimming team up till Junior High, they want you to swim again! Swim again! No. What? Why not? Noona, have you lost it? I'm just fine with how things are now... I don't belong in that kind of school. So I don't really want to attend... So if you would kindly go back... Jan Di? Please reconsider. No, she doesn't need to reconsider she will be attending starting tomorrow. Then we will see her at school. No matter what happens I will send her. Please make sure she does. Mr. Secretary... You are aware of the phrase Nak Jang Bool Ip? {\a6}*in card game, can't retrieve the card once you threw it Mom! Don't yell! If you have eyes, look at that! Shinhwa High! Shinhwa High! Shinhwa High! Shinhwa High! Shinhwa High! Noona, who knew that this day would come? For the first time in my life, I am proud to be your brother. Even though they are like this, do you think you can still say you don't want to go? And, do you know how much their tuition costs? I still don't want to. Mom, I really don't want to! Other people go crazy because even if they have money and brains, they can't get in... But how come you don't want to? Don't you remember when you said that the rich people are showing off their money by building a school just for them? That was when it was someone else's situation and I was jealous. Hey, this is basically money falling from the sky, who wouldn't want to accept it? I don't know, but something seems iffy. Whatever you say, I'm not gonna go so you better accept that, okay?! But, you liked to swim. You said you wanted to go to a school with a swimming pool. What do you take me for? Do I look like a kid who's gonna be sold by the idea of a swimming pool? I'm not going. I don't want to. I can't go! Wait. Please wait one moment, miss. I will be going now. Geum Jan Di, fighting! Get going now. Dry cleaning is here, dryyyy cleaningggg... Jan Di dryyyyyy cleaningggg... Dry cleaning is here, dryyyy cleaningggg... Jan Di dryyyyyy cleaningggg... Isn't this earring really pretty? There are only two of these shirts in the nation, one is here and do you know who else got the other one? Who? Gu Jun Pyo. That's crazy! Don't you think I pull it off better? Lend it to me. Me first, me first! Where is it? Uh... Where is the swimming pool? Ah, over there! Thank you! Excuse me, please continue with what you were doing Bye. It's the F4! Move over! Is, there a problem? I'll give you three seconds. Huh? What? Three... Two... One. Woo Bin, any of that juice left? Yeah. Want me to give it to you? Are you okay? What a crazy bastard! Are all these people on mute or something? Why are they just standing there not doing anything? Oh... My... God... I can't believe what I'm hearing Who are you guys? Us? Oh, we haven't introduced ourselves yet. We are... Ginger. Sunny. Miranda. You can call us the Three Beauties of Shinhwa High. That's that, you said crazy beeping something, you weren't referring to our F4, scholarship student? F... F what? So the people who publicly humiliated that kid, that was the infamous F4? Infamous? More like famous! If you don't watch your mouth, you're gonna be in big trouble. You guys own a Laundromat. Not a Laundromat, dry cleaning. What about it? It's my first time looking at a dry cleaner's daughter, it's so fascinating. Look all you want, I won't charge you. Since it's your first day here and you are a clueless common girl, we'll let it slide. What? Speaking ill of our F4 Princes! What, I can't do that? I mean, what's so great about them? Wow, transfer student, do you really have no idea how great the F4s are? No, I don't. Guys, let's go. Song Yoo Bin, a bluechip in the construction business, he is the successor to the Il Shin Construction. There is even a rumor that half of Jeju Island is the company's, that this company is a huge construction conglomerate. And has a 50 year history of gangs and the family of the Il Shin gangs? They still have a hold of a fair amount of luxury night clubs, and have a large control over the real estate values. Soo Yi Jung, he was the youngest artist to debut at the Biennale {\a6}*Big art exhibition held every two years and is a gifted ceramist that appeared like a shooting star. UNESCO selected him as one of the best young artists. Well at least there is one member who actually does something. Don't think that all geniuses are poor. National treasures that appear in our textbooks, and the country's biggest art museum is Yi Jung's grandfather's. Woo Sung Museum? That is their family's? How much is all that? Don't try to know too much, you're gonna get hurt. This is the old, old president's photo. Do you see the little kid sitting beside him? That's F4's Yoon Ji Hoo. [Yoon Suk Young's Son's Family Was in a Fatal Car Accident, Only Survivor is the 5 Year Old Grandson. ] So Yoon Ji Hoo is President Yoon Suk Young's grandson? Do you know the Su Am Art Center where Jang Yoon Joo played? They own the Su Am Cultural Foundation, a European soccer team, and a Major League team. I am the most jealous of this guy in the entire world. You already know who this is, right? {\a6}[World's Richest Youngsters] If you are a Korean citizen, even a 3 year old knows of the Shinhwa Group: he is their successor, Gu Jun Pyo, the F4's leader. Those kind of people are the F4? Unbelievable! Gu Jung Pyo! You are like Gu Jung Mool! {\a6}*dirty water F4! You guys are like flies! If you are born that blessed you should shut up and live your lives gratefully, and some one like you who has no common sense is the successor of the Shinhwa Group is a public nuisance to the nation! You! I warn you. Don't show your face in front of me. The day comes when I have to call you my senior, is the day I am driving off the rooftop, I swear I will! It's Yoon Ji Hoo... You are also a nuisance. I can't sleep because it's so noisy. I'm sorry, I thought no one was here. Is that really true? Huh? That you're gonna dive. What I mean by that was... did you hear everything? What? What I said... Gu Jung Mool? Or the part about the flies? Oh, right, it's Jun Pyo. Huh? It's Gu Jun Pyo, not Gu Jung Pyo. If you're gonna attend here, you should at least know the name properly. They're rice balls. You eat rice balls? Rice balls? They're so good. They're pretty too. Oops. What kind of smell is this? It's so foul. Here. Oh... My... God. Terrible. Transfer student, why are you eating such a terrible lunch box? Can't you see that? I see it. Then why? It's impossible for me to eat a 50,000 Won lunch. Then, you're planning to continue eating this foul lunch? I'm planning on that. Oh my God. Good. It's F4! F4! Mi Suk, quickly. Is it okay if I eat one of those? Please come again. Thank you. She came from Germany? Yeah. She's so pretty too. I thought she was a doll. That's a relief, you found a friend quickly. I was worried that you'd be a loner. I'm a loner. What? You're right that I'm a loner. But I'm so thankful that they don't pay attention. I'm planning on stuffing myself in a corner until I graduate. Who are you? Where did our Jan Di go? The girl that taught the SGA students a lesson when they bothered me in kindergarten, the girl who fought against a disorderly girl that robbed me in middle school... that was all strong girl Geum Jan Di. But what? Then what should I do? I'd probably get beaten to death by my mom even before I get kicked out of school. Really, this girl. You think I have cucumbers to spare that I'm sticking them on your face? Your dad told me that he wanted cucumber sorbet, but I'm investing them on your face. Did I want to get invested on? Think about it. If you become a skin beauty, the worst off boy in that school, is still probably the best candidate for a husband in any matchmaking company. If it's like that, then of course it's a huge investment. Isn't that so, honey? Don't talk to me. I'm catching some awesome angles. Hey! Look at this girl. Why are you ironing the uniform? You said that your arm hurt after ironing all day. This is the best clothing I've seen in all 15 years I've been doing the dry cleaning business. Normal people can't even wear this kind of clothing to a wedding. Why are you doing that? Noona, can't you lend me this once on Sunday? Jan Di, consider this kind of designer clothing as an inheritance. When you sit down, be careful. You have to be careful not to get any stains on it. Got it? This kind of thing is my daughter's. Why would my arm hurt? Daddy's arm doesn't hurt at all. That girl... Honey, make sure to iron the inside material as well. Strong girl Geum Jan Di didn't die yet. Loner this way, loner that way. Since I'm a ruined body anyway, I'll live by saying the things that I need to say. F4! You're all dead starting tomorrow. It's F4! Where?! Sunbae Jun Pyo. I baked this myself to give this to you. Please accept my heart. Our Jun Pyo doesn't eat anything unless it's baked by a personal patissier. What are you? Do you have something to say? Yeah, I do have something to say. And I have a lot at that. You! Don't you have even the slightest manners for humans? I don't even expect a little modesty from someone who has so much. If you don't want to eat it, you can just reject nicely. Or... Does it hurt to just think about the sincerity of the person who made it and just accept it? What are you going to do if she says that she's going to fall off the roof, you bastard? What are you? Do you have something to say? No. Why do you swim like that? You're going to faint. I was getting a punishment. Punishment? What did you do so wrong? A punishment a strong girl is giving for being so cowardly. Do you feel better now? Yeah. The reasons for why I go to this school are right here. What are they? This swimming pool and Oh Min Ji. Su... Sunbae. I apologize, Sunbae Jun Pyo. You're sorry? If everything works out by saying sorry, then why would there laws in the world and why would there be police? I'll buy you the same exact shoes for you right away. You, do you have more money than me? Excuse me? Even if you did, you wouldn't be able to. These shoes were made by a craftsman in Firenze, so how would you buy me the same exact ones right away? I apologize. Then I'll do whatever I can. Whatever you can? Yes. Lick it. Excuse me? I told you to lick it. Sunbae... Didn't you say that you'd do everything you can? Won't you stop? Hey... did she fall because she wanted to? If she apologized, then that's enough. What is this? Hey, second year. I don't think it's been long since you've been here, but American style is restricted here. You words are a little short. {\a6}(*Referring to her lack of formality to an upperclassman) Ahh, is that so? So you're that wonder crap that they've been talking about? I was hoping for an S-line D-cup sized girl when I heard Wonder Woman. That's a total disappointment. What a relief I disappointed you. Is it your concept to not know your place and mind others' business? Why do you step into other people's affairs? She's not a stranger. She's a friend. In a wealthy person's dictionary, I'm assuming they don't carry words like "friend" or "friendship", do you? Friendship? Let's watch some of that powerful friendship. Lick it. What? If you lick it instead, I'll forget it ever happened. What are you?! Do I have more money than you? Did you earn all that money? What? Is minding other people's business my concept? My concept is not leaving people who leech off of their parents' back alone! Got it? At our place it's 2,500 Won, but I calculated it according to Kang Nam's rates. But if the stain doesn't get out, then send it to us. What is that? What the heck is that thing! What's wrong with Jun Pyo? I think it must've been too much of a shock for him today. He's been like that all day. What are you doing? With that serious face. Don't touch me. Can't you hear my head working? Jan Di or Jap Cho... {\a6}(*Jan Di is grass while Jap Cho is weed) I'm thinking of a way to really step on her. Why are you thinking so hard? Just do like you always did. Rascal, you're so smart. Jan Di Cleaners... You're so dead now. It's come out again! Second grade Class B Geum Jan Di. She got chosen by the F4 red card. Is it a soccer field here? What red card. Hello? Hello, crazy. Looks like your desk isn't here. Your desk must not be here. How could a common person like you study with us? Why did you come to our school? My book. Move, move. You're dead today. Who did this? If you have anything to say, come out. Who is it? Jan Di, consider this kind of designer clothing as an inheritance. When you sit down, be careful. This kind of thing is my daughter's. Why would my arm hurt? Daddy's arm doesn't hurt at all. Do it more. More! Try to do it more! Hey, hey. Someone bring some oil. All we have to do now is fry her. Then what is that? Squash pancake? Do it more! Isn't it all over now? What do you mean over? That girl needs to come to me and kneel down. Then it's over. So did anybody tell you to touch the whisker of a sleeping wolf? Wasn't it a lion? It looks like she won't even last a week. A week? I say three days. Yi Jung, the tea ware That was on display last time. You have to hand it over to me. A guy who can't even distinguish between a tea ware and a vase. What a surprise. Our baby is a fan of So Yi Jung. Okay. If I win, give me Super Girl's phone number. Call. Shut up you two. It's about time she got here. Now... Five, four, three, two, one. Tada! Right. It'd be embarrassing to come out looking like that in front of me. I was a little too quick. Again. Five... Four... Three... Two... One. What are you guys doing? Did you guys do it right? Then why isn't she coming? Where did that girl go? Surrender? Surrender, my ass. Since I'm Jan Di, you think it's okay to step all over me like that? You touched the wrong person. Have you guys ever eaten dumplings boiled from your own tears? Have you ever mastered how to freestyle in a tub?! Korea's common people cannot survive without the spirit of rivalry and patience. How many egg crates is this? These guys don't know that flour is gold dust. They really want to die. So wasteful. How much is it for just one crate? Oh my! Who's there? You're really noisy every time I see you. You, do you know how to make hot cakes? Huh? Hot cakes (pancakes). You make a batter out of flour, eggs, milk and sugar, and you fry them. Like Bin Dae Dduk. That's pretty simple. Your handkerchief. I don't need it. I'll return it to you next time. I'm not coming here anymore. It's not as quiet anymore. Thanks to a certain someone. Sorry, Jan Di. Please forgive a cowardly me. I think I'll have to take 30,000 Won for this. I perfectly know how much it should be. That's not how it is, Ahjussi. Uniforms are expensive from the start. And look at the state of these clothes. I cut the cost down a lot because it's a uniform. Really... I'm a junior of the cleaners business. If you don't like it, then too bad. There's another cleaner called Jan Di's cleaners next door. Go there. Why are you being like this, Ahjussi? 25,000 Won? Bon appetite. Yo, yo, yo. Wazzup man? They only take one group per week, so I'm still waiting after I reserved a month beforehand. How did you do it? This one is better. You're right. It's a beauty. Enough to make your cuisine even finer. And just who told you that I was a chef? Your delicious looking hand. Does a player know everything just by looking at a woman's hands? You're a player if you know the 3-star chef in Michelin Guide. No wonder, my bro, yo! Yeah. Are you doing what I told you to do? Don't make a mistake and do it right. Got it? Let's eat. Cheers. Mom! Everyone else is going crazy with their diets, but what's going on here? Mom, are you satisfied if I risk my life to such worthless thing? You have to diet and get yourself a good body to catch the eyes of the young gentleman. Do we have a lot of money or do we have a good household name? Or are you smart? How dare you take dieting so lightly? Give me the rice bowl. I can't hand it over. I want to be surviving rather than dieting right now. Swimmers need to have a good body if they want to become stars. Didn't you see Kim Yuna? How can a young person like you not know the trend? Give me the rice bowl, you girl! Give it to me! Mom, Kim Yuna's a figure skater, though. Kim Yuna's not a swimmer, but a figure skater! Stop! Hey! Give me the rice bowl! Hey! Jan Di. The rice bowl. Jan Di. Do I weigh more? I do a little. I'm sorry I couldn't protect you. I'm going to endure it because of the swimming pool. If I went to this kind of school to begin with, I would've gone to the Olympics. What is this? What is all this? Gu Jun Pyo! Why does he keep smiling to himself like that? Her top must be off by now. Who? Cleaner, by chance? Still? Hold on, how long has it been? It's been past a week. Okay. Give me her number. She does last a long time. Isn't she the first to really stand up to F4? What did she do? It's because I'm going easy on her little by little. How come I can't see Ji Hoo anywhere? He must be stuck in a corner somewhere sleeping. Let go! Be quiet! Brought to you by WITH S2 Written In The Heavens Subbing Squad Main Translators: counteract, Beeni Spot Translator: saturn Timer: selvaspeedy Editor/QC: liezle Final QC: knitoe Coordinators: mily2, ay_link {\a6}Please do NOT hardsub and/or stream this episode using our English subtitles. What? You can't even find her? What kind of guys are you? They say one of the girls at your school is pregnant. What? Hey everyone... can't you smell something bad somewhere? Hey! Geum Jan Di! You acting like this to a girl is funny and childish. I think one person is a little different. Who is that? That girl... no matter how much I think about it, I think she's totally into me. What? Good looking, tall, smart and wealthy. How can you not like Gu Jun Pyo? Aren't you a total idiot? He's waiting for you. Who? Your prince. This must be a dream, right? I'm not sure. Isn't it quite amusing? Why on earth are you here? Is it odd to find me at my own house? Whenever I see you, it's so noisy and annoying. Do Ji Hoo sunbae and the model, Min Seo Hyun know each other? To Ji Hoo, she's an existence like his first love, lover, and mother. Geum Jan Di! Ju-Jun Pyo! Gu Jun Pyo sunbae fell into the pool! Wake up, Gu Jun Pyo! Open your eyes, Gu Jun Pyo! This is a FREE fansub. NOT for SALE! Get it for FREE @ d-addicts.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 