Underbelly: Season 5, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Underbelly 
 s5e4 - Year of the Rooster - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Underbelly (2008–2013): Season 5, Episode 4 - Year of the Rooster - full transcript 
 With most of the Tuno team scattered to the four winds, a defiant Gary keeps the investigation rolling in clandestine mode in his spare time, meeting with Detective Sergeant Glen "Flatline"... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Strike Force Tuno will investigate the murder of Terry Falconer. Police have identified the body parts of a man found in six bags in the Hastings River at Wauchope. Frank O'Rourke? I know who killed Terry Falconer. Who's been talking? Tink'd never tell. It's not in his - whatcha-me-call-it? - DNA. And what if he finds out we knew but never said nothin'? Jeepers. You're scaring me. You ought to be scared, eh? No, YOU. YOU'RE scaring me. Francis Xavier O'Rourke, aka Tink. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Gary, you can't hang an entire murder brief on one tattooed lunatic. He'll come around. - This is Anthony's number? - Yeah. Didn't get the last three digits? I got the make and model of the dog and bone. Hello? Sergeant Jubelin? Technical Branch. We've identified the number. Anthony Perish's mobile number? My strong advice? Concentrate on catching Anthony John Michael Perish while you've still got a strike force to do it. But you've got to sign and date every page of that. You've gotta look Rooster in the eye in court one day 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and you gotta tell the jury what happened. Bless us, O Lord, and these thy gifts which we are about to receive from thy bounty. Through Christ our Lord, amen. Amen. Happy birthday, Mum. Happy birthday, Mum. Lovely to see my family here. Not all of them. Hope he gave you the day off, Mum. Where's the birthday girl? Oh, I didn't expect to see you, love. Many happies, Mum. Let me take them for you. G'day, Pop. Thought you were dead in a ditch. Hoped I was. What you been up to, Rooster? Oh, you know... Seeing a man about a... dog. Did you shoot it? Made a car seat cover out of it. Heard a nasty rumour about your mate - Frank. He's buggered off. Cleared out. Nobody knows where. Who says? Why would he do that, eh? Well, who said it? Muzz. Muzz doesn't know whether his head's on. Why would a man do that? Look, I'll find him and I'll... I'll sort it out. Only one reason I can think of - he dogged me. That's bullshit. Dogged you too. That's bullshit. Or he's thinking about it. Tink... Tink - he's not that kind of... He wouldn't dog anyone. He's... he's not that stupid. Yeah, well, maybe he is. Find him, Undies. Sort him out. Where is he living these days? You wouldn't tell me, even if you knew. How would I know? He never tells me a thing. Tink, you fuck... Fuckin' piece of shit. Fuckin' shit! Shit! Fuck! Shit! Shit! Shit! Fuck! Look, I know what you're gonna say, and I am telling you, this is not the time to pull the plug on Tuno, alright? Every instinct I've got tells me we're close. I need your resources elsewhere. What f... resources? Alright, we can... We can make an arrest tomorrow. Oh, Jesus, Gary! What do I tell the Falconer family? The same thing we always say - the file stays open in the event new evidence comes to light. And what - I just move on to another murder of the week? No. That's the other news. I'm rotating you out of Homicide. What? You need a change of scene. I'm the corporate memory of this place. Mate, 20 years in one job is too long. What - you saying I'm stale? You saying I'm lazy? What - you look at me and you see Chook fuckin' Fowler, is that it? You're the hardest-working copper in the building. Then why?! Because Homicide needs new blood and you need to expand your horizons. So, just like that? That... You just...? Mate, you knew it was coming. Tuno's not exactly... It's not exactly dead. It's, uh... Unconscious? On life support? Downsized? Brownie'll take carriage of the Falconer matter while he's... he's doing other stuff. So, basically, he's officer in charge of a briefcase? No, good work, Brownie. The rest of us will go off and expand our skill sets. So, they've actually kicked you out of Homicide? Why? The idea is to keep people fresh. It's just... No, it's a good idea. It's come from the top, so that's where we are. What's the role, Gary? It's crime manager at Chatswood. You know what? We should all go for promotions. Might get ourselves some clout. Keep our heads down till the dust settles, and then we'll get back together. Good plan. Yeah, clever plan. That's it, guys. But in their heart of hearts they knew they were kidding themselves. Strike Force Tuno was a dead duck. But, of course, Anthony Perish didn't know that... yet. As far as he was concerned, Gary Jubelin and a large team of dedicated police officers were still coming after him, all guns blazing. You want me to put stainless-steel reinforcing in the front room - is that what you said? Yeah, that'll be me bedroom. Six mil. Are you expecting heavy artillery fire? Why does it have to be stainless? Come on, Heidi. Tea time. Ooh, who's a good girl, eh? I like stainless steel. Here, you feed her. Come on, get in there. She can't reach that far. Go on, matey. Don't be a dill, Muzz. She'll rip your bloody arm off. Look, I know for a fact the Living Deadheads have got grenade launchers 'cause I supplied the fuckers, and their clubhouse is two suburbs thataway. Look, I just don't want to wake up dead one night, alright? You don't sleep anyway. Could do with a lick of paint. Don't be stupid. Leave it alone. It's my Wild West bolthole. Perfect for when I visit me folks. It's gonna take some organising - steel plate that size. Yeah, well, you can earn your money for once, eh? We need tradies we can trust. You don't have to tell 'em it's for Australia's most wanted. Just say I'm a nut. I wear tinfoil in me underpants. So, tell me something, Muzzy Muzz. How come you knew Tink had pissed off, eh? Oh, it was the, um... The guy at the, uh, servo on Henry Lawson Drive. Only way to survive - assume everyone you deal with is a dog. Everyone except you, eh? Boss? Uh, "Gary". Sorry. "Gary". Come in, Camille. I just wanted to say working with you and Tim Browne and the boys, it's been the highlight of my career. Thank you. No, thank you. We really appreciate what you brought the team. You do? We do. If by some miracle Tuno happens to reboot, you'd be the first person I'd call. Thank you, Camille. It's been good working with you, Camille. I feel like I've been expelled. You know something? We're at the heart of the city, population-wise. Just as many people living to the west as there are to the east. You a westie, Brownie? Born and bred. Camille too. Frank O'Rourke, Terry Falconer, the Perishes. How do you think Anthony got so big without us even noticing? Oh, he'll make a mistake one day, and when he does, we'll be there to nab him. We? Me and you, Brownie. We're not giving up on this bloke. So, this is where the big nobs hang out - Bar Tuno. You're evil, Keogh. Mm-hm. I'm quitting. You heard? Yeah. Bummer. We've just gotta make sure that Perish doesn't find out. We want him to think we're still breathing down their necks. I can keep this vibe going in the media as long as you guys feed me the occasional titbit. We can do that. "Tuno lives". "Tuno lives"! Cheers. The jacks have bugged me car! They got surveillance on me 24 fuckin' 7. I don't know how, but every time I take a leak, there's a cop measuring me fuckin' flow. Well, how do they know it's your wheels? The rego papers don't say so. Frank 'The Dog' O'Rourke, that's how. Anything? Oh, well, let's say we go for a drive to celebrate? Grab a burger. Nah, we got work to do. I need a plasma cutter. Get me a plasma cutter! You lazy bastard. Tim Browne was now officer in charge of the Terry Falconer matter, but he didn't have much time to dwell on it. He was up to his armpits in other murders. Over the next couple of years, he served on Strike Force Katina, investigating the murder of underworld figure Franco Mayer, Strike Force Eade, dealing with a triple killing in Albury, Strike Force Womboola, Strike Force Broomwade and others. Gary Jubelin, on the other hand, would have given his strong right arm for a nice, juicy, complicated murder. Settling in? You do realise you're expected to wear a uniform? Well, I'm an investigator, Doreen, so people expect me to wear a suit. Well, I expect you to wear a uniform. Well, I haven't put it on in over 20 years, so it probably doesn't fit me. Ha! Liar. You haven't gained a kilo since you were 16. Well, I've misplaced my pith helmet, then. Oh, Gary, please. For me, huh? Here, you'll need these. HR - it's one of your main duties. You up to the speed on the "Anti-Discrimination Act"? "The Equal Opportunity for Women in the Workplace"? "Disability Discrimination Act"? Here. Read and digest. And good luck. Thank you. Brownie. Please tell me you got something. There's no name attached to the note? Anonymous. Came through Crime Stoppers. Just that and the map reference. So, what, some smart-arse boosts a car, sets it on fire, and that's supposed to send us a message? It's registered to a bloke who's been dead for years. So, it's not stolen? You think this is Perish? Until proven otherwise, I'm assuming it is. Who else would be worrying about Tuno? The pressure's getting to him. So, he's gonna cut us up and set us on fire, is he? Reminds me of a baboon, running around, showing his big red arse. Every time I see her, I just go to water. I know it's stupid. She doesn't mean anything to me anymore. It's just... I can't talk. I can't make decisions. 'Crime manager' isn't an entirely accurate job description. Gary, it wasn't my fault. She never even told me she was married. In addition to tackling such weighty matters as stolen shopping trolleys, Gary Jubelin found himself at the sharp end of human resources management, which meant listening to every sob story in town. The matters he dealt with ranged from affairs of the heart to the more prosaic. For example, the young general duties officer distressed by the fact a male colleague routinely used the station showers as a lavatory. He shits in the shower. There you go, I've said it. I beg your pardon? Senior Constable Nathan Smith defecates in the shower stalls. In the male change room. Regularly. But the stories that walked into Gary's office weren't all "salt & manure". Valuable nuggets of intelligence sometimes arrived in unexpected packages. The local patrol thought the guy was a jumper because he was in heaps of debt and his car was found at The Gap. Uh, The... The Gap, the... famous suicide spot? It's a NOTORIOUS suicide spot. Yeah, but we don't think it was suicide. - Who's we? - Uh, Chatswood detectives. Me, Carr and... and Brenno. You met them at muster. And why do you think that, son? Uh, Ben. Ben? Gary Jubelin was born to catch murderers. Like a dog chasing cars, it was a habit he couldn't kick. He took murder personally. It didn't matter to Gary if the victim was an innocent child, a petty crook like Terry Falconer or even a shonky used-car dealer. The other night, Ljubic gets a call from someone... That's why he threw himself into the Bob Ljubic case, when he could have easily passed it up the line to Homicide. Bob goes off to the meeting... If the bosses wouldn't let him chase Anthony Perish, he'd find other killers to hunt. Well, go and get Carr and Beano and come back in here. - Uh, "Brenno". - Who? It's "Brenno". So Ljubic sells prestige cars? He does some car rebirthing on the side. He moves some drugs. And that's how he's connected to Anthony Perish. No, he's not connected to Anthony Perish. He's got nothing to do with Anthony Perish. It's a Chatswood matter because that's where he lives. And why do you keep turning them? Well, isn't that how you cook them? No, it's not. Well, how do you...? You're makin' 'em dizzy. Just... beat it. Turn 'em once. Yeah. Why don't we go to the movies on the weekend? No kids. What do you wanna go see? I want to see 'Lord of the Rings' at Erina. Part 3, the stirring climax. I was gonna give Brownie a hand. No time for climaxes? That's sad. You go. You'll have a good time. Oh, it'll be great. I'll go alone. You'll be alright. Anyway, know what my boys did? What? They figured Ljubic had to cross the Harbour Bridge to get from his house to The Gap. So, they took the CCTV from the toll booths, right, and they spotted a car behind his Porsche Cayenne. A Ford Forte registered to Jason Clive McCall. You had anything to do with him? He might be one of the killers. Gary, why don't you just hand it over to Homicide? Because they'd probably fuck it up. Oh, everybody'd fuck it up. Hey! Hey, look, these guys are doing good work. It's good training for 'em. Yeah, not to mention alleviating boredom for a certain crime manager. While Gary was keeping himself busy at Chatswood, Tim Browne used his rostered days off to go back to his roots in the west. Brownie. G'day, Mud. How you been? You know what this is? It's a souvenir. From Lithgow correctional bed and breakfast. Thanks to you, old mate. Crime doesn't pay. Told you that several times. You're a long way from home. I'm working the Terry Falconer murder. You ever hear anything? They fuckin' kill people. Someone gets in their way, anyone gets in their way, and you're gone - G-A-W-N. Yeah, one day we're gonna take this guy off the street and some smart bastard's gonna claim that reward. 100.000. By the way, you ever hear of a bloke called Muzz? Doesn't ring any bells. Once upon a time, we had round-the-clock surveillance on this bloke. Back in the Dreamtime, mate. So Anthony Perish never even drops in for a cup of coffee? After three weeks of getting a numb bum, I can confidently say no. But Undies might lead us to him. Hopefully. I've been thinking about Anthony - his reputation. Terry Falconer can't be the first poor bastard he chopped to bits. How many more? While Tim and Gary fanned the dying embers of the Terry Falconer investigation, Anthony Perish cranked up the company's operation, producing speed and ecstasy in volume and dispatching it around the country. The Nullarbor run to Western Australia was a regular gig for truckies willing to take a risk in return for a fast, very large buck. Of course, there was always a danger they might succumb to temptation. But Anthony had ways of keeping their minds focused. - Hello? - G'day, mate. My name's Chicken Steve. Anthony wanted me to give you a call and say g'day. He wants to know if you're enjoying the hot dog, the vanilla slice and the cup of coffee. As it continues to worsen, the Federal Government... Hey. Sorry, mate. I got held up. No. No, don't give it a second thought. We've had a lovely time, sitting here. Well, we've gotta know what Perish is up to. There's no-one else that can do it and old Brownie's by himself. Oh... Poor old Brownie. I... I understand. What about tomorrow, me and you, we go see a movie? No, what about poor old Brownie? He'll be so lonely without you holding his hand. Well, we don't have to go see a movie. We can go to... go for a run. Go shopping. Oh... Fuck shopping. Fair enough. What are you doing? Cleaning up. Well, if I wanted it cleaned up I would have said "Clean up." Leave it. Just relax, Pam. No, I said leave it. I said leave it! If I want it cleaned up, I'll do it myself. Gives me something to do on these cold, lonely nights. "Poor old Brownie". Evening, Brownie. Mud. Thought you'd given up breaking into cars. Muzz, wasn't it? I got a name for ya. This time it's gonna cost ya. "Matthew Robert Lawton". Also known as... "Muzz". What are you bastards doing? Building a battleship? You bloody little beauty! Two choices - let him run while we keep on building a brief strong enough to put him away. Which could take years. It already has "taken years". Or pick him up on an unrelated charge, put him on hold. We could do that, and feed it to the media, keep the vibe going, encourage the people he's pissed off to come forward. We could give the reward another run. But you'd want to make sure he's kept off the streets for a long, long time, wouldn't you? Problem. Perish is ultra-careful. Keeps his nose clean. Always has. What's that expression you guys use? 'Load him up'. Perish, I mean. I'm kidding. Oh, I'm tempted. What's that drug matter he got charged with when he was a kid? The '92 matter? When he did the runner? It's better than nothing. You could run it by the Drug Squad. He can't know we're behind it. I wonder if any of the original crew are still on the job. Tony Maloney? Tim Browne. How do you do? I'm here to ask you a favour. I thought you were from the lottery office. Yeah. What can I do for you? Early '90s, Tony - you were Drug Squad. Yeah. The good old days. Do you remember a bust at Leppington that went wrong? 1992, it was. A kid called Anthony Perish ran like a rabbit. You filed an arrest warrant that's never been executed. That's ancient history. What are you after him for now? 'Cause he's a big deal now. Yeah? He's got meth labs all over the state. They say every cook-up, he produces 100-odd kilos of pills. Sheesh. Supplies half the bike gangs between here and Perth. But he's smart - does it by remote control. We've got nothing new on him. Well, you know where to find him? Yeah. Why don't you arrest him yourself? Uh, we don't want to tip our hand. You know, we're looking at the big picture. Joint task force with other agencies. Other agencies? Hope they're using Vaseline. Yeah. We take Perish off the street for a while, we give the tree a good shake. You'd be doing us a favour. Doing YOU a favour? I don't owe you new-age cops a thing. No, I know. But we'd appreciate it. Make a change from slashing grass. Cut it down, grows straight back up again. There you are. Have a go. Shut the fuck up, Heidi! Ohh, look at that! Oh, sweet as. Good as gold. Stop a tank. Yeah, well, let's hope it doesn't come to that, eh? Let the dog off! Get on the ground! Get on the ground! Get down! On your knees. On your knees! Get down. Piss off. Anthony Perish? Who are you? We've got some unfinished business, son. He's gone and built himself a bunker. He's either got a heap of enemies, or he's paranoid as Frank O'Rourke. Gary? Anthony Perish spent months on remand before his ancient drugs matter came before the court. But with money and friends, he survived prison better than most. So, can I get you anything? No, I'm... I'm all good. Bank account numbers belonging to a few young blokes in here. Put $100 in each one, every week, alright? "How to win friends and influence people." This drugs charge thing's just a cover. Something else is going on. What - not Falcon... Shut up! Nah, they got me in the frame for Didi and Baba. What?! Yeah. I know. Fuckin' cops. I gotta get out of here, mate. Alright? Mm. Mm. Hello? Is this Tony Maloney? Who's this? How's Nathan? What? Who are you? Your grandson, Nathan - I heard he's got cystic fibrosis. That's... that's just awful. Yeah, it must be a real worry for ya. Poor little bugger. You might want to keep an eye on him. Gary? Me. No sign of Tony Maloney. Well, ring his mobile. Oh, shit, I didn't think of that! Sorry. Look, just... He might be running late. Just keep trying. I gotta go, Brownie. Hello, strangers. Gaz. Love the new outfit. I thought we could use some reinforcements. Make sure everyone introduces themselves around. Tuno mob, welcome to Strike Force Lyttle. Now, we don't know exactly what happened to Bob Ljubic that night up at The Gap, so what we're after are confessions. Ma'am? On the run sheets... you'll find your targets and our objectives. We're gonna hit them simultaneously so they can't talk to each other. What do you mean he didn't fuckin' show up? Well, do you know where that leaves us, Brownie? Well, I don't know. Go and find Tony fuckin' Maloney! Oh, I miss him, don't you? Where's Jubelin? This fuckin' comedy's got his fingerprints all over it. How'd he find out about the new joint? That's what I wanna know. Well, maybe because some fuckwit led 'em right to the front door, eh? Some fuckwit's too stupid to realise the whole task force was following him. You know what started all this? You and your idiot mate and his stupid piece-of-shit fuckin' boat! It was because you built a meth lab with your mates in Didi and Baba's backyard. That's why they were killed. You're a wanker. You know that? Anthony Perish? Yeah? Federal Organised Crime Authority. You're holding a summons. You're hereby served. What's this about? It's all in the document. I remind you, you are compelled to appear and you are compelled to answer all questions put to you. Failure to do so constitutes contempt and will result in a custodial sentence. "Operation Eucalypt, "investigating the deaths of Anthony Albert Perish Senior, "Frances Vera Perish, "Terrence Falconer, "Jasper Woodworth Pengilly." We've got e-tag records from the Harbour Bridge tollbooths placing Jason McCall's car two seconds behind Bob Ljubic's. I've got phone records here from Jason McCall's house, in the name of the man Bob Ljubic thought he was meeting that evening. Gary's best chance of wrapping up the Bob Ljubic case was to get one of the two suspects to roll on the other. We've got one of Jason's colleagues who's made a statement... Step one, pick the weak link. Step two, outline the irresistible case against him. Step three, put a deal on the table. Standard operating procedure. What Gary wasn't expecting was the nugget lobbed back in return. He couldn't wait to make an induced statement. You know what else he said? I fucking hate that. What? Oh, when a killer walks free? Yeah, in exchange for locking up his mate. I mean... And then how's Mrs Ljubic supposed to feel? Well, one out of two's better than none out of two. Yeah. But it's not justice. No, but it's the system, Pam. You know that. Well, how will you feel if you have to let Perish's pals take a walk after what they did to Terry Falconer? Got some news on Perish. Actually, no, OK? No. No. We're having dinner without Anthony Perish tonight. Well, you're the one who just... OK. OK, OK. Mm, you know what? I've got some news. You know how I do... occasionally, I do prisoner transportation for the Immigration Department? Well, I have an assignment next week and this time, I get to nominate my male partner. So, guess where we're going. Beirut. We're going to Paris. And then after we drop the prisoner off, we get a three-day lay-over in a four-star hotel, and then we fly home business class. What do you say, partner? This is next week? Mm-hm. We, uh, go on Monday, we're back on Saturday. Perish is up before the Feds next week. Me and Brownie get to go. After all this time, I get to be in the same room. I get to see him. Yeah, but, baby, you're... You're not in Homicide anymore. You're certainly not OIC of Tuno. Technically, Tuno, it doesn't even exist. Well, it's... You'd dump Paris for Perish? It's not... You know how I said the Irishman gave his statement. Yeah. Well, after he gave his statement, I asked him. I said, "Who are the major players?" Know what he said? You wanna know the biggest criminal on the east coast? Easy. That'd be Anthony Perish. Easy. That would be Anthony Perish. They say he's rubbed out 16 people or more. Probably more. 16? Jesus. I can't get off the horse now, Pam. I just... I fuckin' can't. Yeah, I know. I know you can't. The fish was really good. Mm. You done? Yeah. You currently have no official status in the Terry Falconer murder investigation? "Yes"? "No"? "On every second Tuesday"? I regularly meet with Detective Sergeant... You realise the Federal Organised Crime... who is currently OIC and who consults with me. Authority Act grants us autonomy? We have no obligation to consult with you or inform you of our actions. Really? We're here to help in any way we can. Background briefings... - Suggested line of questioning. - Suggested line of questioning. If we get stuck, I'll be sure to call. We understand you're the Feds - all-powerful and all-seeing... but we cannot over-emphasise the importance of our Informant X. - That's Frank O'Rourke? - Frank O'Rourke. Who's the linchpin. We can't afford Perish to know he's given us a statement. 'Cause if he goes on the run again, we won't find the prick. - The statement's our ace. - We hear you. You'll provide us with copies, hard and soft? Since you've got access to the COPS database whenever you like, you can help yourself. Thank you. You're welcome to monitor the Perish hearing... remotely. I feel violated. You look like you need counselling. You're able to get away from Chatswood for a bit? Better we're both here. No problemo. I never met Terry Falconer personally. I wouldn't know him from a bar of soap. So, why would I go to all the trouble of killing him and chopping his head off or whatever they did? Fear. Hate. Greed. Revenge. Well, can't argue with that. Whoever did it must have really hated his guts, eh? You know, people say that he was a drug-dealing, low-life bikie scum with plenty of enemies. I don't know, pick one, eh? Mr Falconer was abducted... - Calm, isn't he? ...from his place of business, in Ingleburn, at around 3pm that day, November 16. Where were you at that time, Mr Perish? Christ, it's years ago. You don't strike me as the kind of man who forgets important dates. I, um... I had an appointment with a physio at Lindfield. Yeah. I'll bet it checks out. You can furnish a name and contact details? What's the difference between "au revoir" and "adieu"? Huh? The difference between "au revoir" and "adieu"? Oh, uh, one's like "goodbye", and the other's "see you later", but... I don't know which. Prison sentence awaits those that lie to the Commission. Yeah, no, no, I do. I deny it. No, I'm an innocent man, on my mother's blessed eyes. We'll leave your mother out of it, if you don't mind. I'll return to the Falconer murder in a moment, Mr Commissioner. What's your occupation? In other words, how do you earn a living? I'm a silent partner in my family's poultry business. I lease paddocks from my brother and grow broccoli. And what do you earn in an average year? Oh, $60,000. According to intelligence, you live very well on such a modest income. I'm a lucky punter. When's the last time you filed a tax return? Never. I imagine that's about to change. Do you know a man named "Frank Xavier O'Rourke"? Don't think so, no. Well, I want you to think back... - Fuck! To Wednesday, 17 October 2001. Did you attend a dinner at a Newtown restaurant with your brother, Andrew Perish, and Frank O'Rourke? I just said I don't know any Frank O'Rourke. But now you've jogged me memory, uh, my brother did have a friend called Tink, I think it was. Jesus... From his days in a motorcycle club. Is that him? Were you at dinner with them in a Newtown restaurant on that date? Jesus, I don't know. I can't remember. I might have been. Well, I eat out a fair bit. Which restaurant? Frank O'Rourke claims that at this particular dinner, you discussed using his services and his boat to dispose of body parts. Is that true? Does he, now? Well, what do you say? Is that true? I'd say he's lying. - Shit! Mr O'Rourke made a full statement to Strike Force Tuno, claiming you made several approaches to him in the weeks prior to Terry Falconer's murder to discuss the disposal of the body. Well, he's a bloody liar. I don't know why he's pointing the finger at me. Maybe 'cause he's the killer. What do they call that, blame shifting? I can't watch this fuckin' shit. Fuck! Nearly six years had passed since Terry Falconer's murder. Anthony Perish had slipped out of Gary Jubelin's grip a second time. Gary was afraid he was running a marathon without end. OK, now, you take it easy, mate. You're not Valentino Rossi, OK? Right, go. Shootin' up, isn't he? That's a nice little machine, mate. You done good. Yeah, 15% discount with cash. Yeah, keep going, mate. Well done! - He's a good kid. - Yeah. Don't let him stay up too late. One last thing... you've gotta find out what the jacks have done with Tink. Oh... Shit, Rooster. It won't be easy. Wanna do a life sentence on account of Terry Falconer? Tink's gotta go, mate, 'cause without him, Tuno's got nothing. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 