Underbelly: Season 5, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Underbelly 
 s5e8 - Strike Force Tuno - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Underbelly (2008–2013): Season 5, Episode 8 - Strike Force Tuno - full transcript 
 The pressure is so great the Crown Prosecutor has a heart attack and has to bow out from the case, mere days before the trial is scheduled to begin. The only available replacement is Paul ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - I need to talk to you. - What about? - Didi and Baba. - What about 'em? I know who killed 'em. Detectives Macarthur and Patton, Mr Falconer. Where you blokes hail from? You 'll need to accompany us to the station. You 're the dog who murdered my grandparents. Police have identified the body parts of a man found in six bags in the Hastings River at Wauchope as those of missing prisoner Terry Falconer. - Frank O'Rourke? - I know who killed Falconer. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Take a look at this. These are the ones who killed Terry Falconer. - That's Anthony Perish. - Who's been talking? Anthony Perish hasn't ever had an account with Telstra. He's not registered with the housing commission, Medicare or any private health fund. No super fund has any record of him. He's got no outstanding fines, no traffic infringements, he's not on the electoral roll, got no tax file number, no credit history. Only someone with serious badness to hide would go to this much effort to cover their tracks. Strike Force Tuno will investigate the murder of Terry Falconer. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I have every confidence that Detective Sergeant Jubelin... It'll take as long as it takes. You 're never gonna catch who killed him. We're just Westie lowlifes with a shitty crook for a dad. Who cares if someone like him gets chopped to pieces? We cannot over-emphasise the importance of our Informant X. That's Frank O'Rourke? Can't afford Perish to know he's given us a statement. Do you know a man named Frank Xavier O'Rourke? Don't think so, no. Jesus... - We did it. - Did what? Killed Falconer. Me and Muzz. Decker was one of the kidnappers. You keep saying you hardly know Perish, that you only just met him. This prick, he wouldn't shout if a shark bit him. We can look after you if you 're worried about that. You want me to knock a cop? Flesh and blood like anyone else, mate. Can I tell you the plan, explain it face to face? Alright. Tomorrow, 10:00. Where we shafted Dokic. In Dokic's statement, he said they forced him to make taped admissions in this cafe in Lavender Bay. - Team one, move in. - MAN: Gun! Anthony Perish, you 're under arrest for the conspiracy to murder Terry Falconer. We need to get Decker or Andrew Perish to roll over or this prick could walk. SONG: # It's a jungle out there # It's a jungle out there # It's a jungle out there. # You the pigeon? Who's it for? Bloke in H wing called Undies. 100's the standard rate. Or your shoes. In prison on remand, Anthony and his brother Andrew Perish were subject to non-association orders, meaning they never had the chance to chat in the prison yard. But where there's a will, there's always a way. You 've been busy. And we've been busy too. Willy Strong. Ben Dokic. Then there's your mates, Michael Christiansen, Vito Russo. Out back, giving statements. You know, for someone who likes big-noting himself, you 're awfully quiet. See, Anthony stitched you up from the start. You 've still got the Commodore you used to kidnap Falconer. Why didn't he tell you to get rid of it? Because if shit hit the fan, he wanted you to take the rap. Not him. I thought I was just... ...taking him back. I took him to Anthony's for questioning. But that's... I didn't realise what they were gonna do. 'They' being... ...Anthony and Andrew? No. Anthony and Muzz. Faster! Faster! Matthew Robert Lawton? You 're under arrest for the murder of Terry Falconer. I said to Muzz, "Are we gonna let him out of there?" And he says, "We'll wait for my mate." He was armed. I wasn't. I make a run for it, they're gonna get my family. And when Anthony got here? They opened up the toolbox... ...and he was dead. The whole time, they never asked him one question. And then what? They rigged him up to the block and tackle. Anthony throws a suit at me. "Get this on." The larger parts were cut into smaller parts. I participated. I had to. At one point, Anthony's looking at me. I'm feeling crook. And he says, "What? Is this the first time you 've done this?" Well, here's what I get, Brett. You hook a person up to one of these and they're... ...fucking swinging around all over the place. Makes it really hard to cut anything up. Makes me think that you hooked him onto this while he was still alive and you tortured him. He was dead. Alright. So Decker told us about the disposable suits. About the hacksaws. About the bleach you and Muzz used to wash the walls when you 'd finished. We got a bone expert in to examine the remains. She reckons you used a hacksaw too. She told us the size of the blades to the nearest millimetre. And it matches what we found in that burnt-out pit. So the jury... ...they're gonna see how well you planned this and they're gonna see murder. I'll make this offer once. I'm not gonna do it again. You plead guilty to murder, and we'll drop all charges against your mate Matt Lawton. He can go home to his wife and his kids. I like your tie, mate. It goes well with your eyes. He doesn't give two shits about you, Matthew. Do something for yourself for once. Give us a statement and you 'll go home a lot sooner than you think. Like he said... ...we're not interested. Six years ago, you boys turned my life upside down, eh. Now you wanna do it all over again? You 're our chief witness, Frank. If you don't testify, Anthony's charge will get reduced to manslaughter. He'd be out in under 10. Well, I think it's only fair we get to talk it over. Look at me, Frank. Just do this for us. It'll all be over. You can move on. You can close that chapter of your life. If I close this chapter, Gary, there'll be a couple of their jelly beans with my name on them. It'll never be over for me. Or me family. He just wants to feel like he's in control, you know? He's worried about the bikies coming after him. It'll be me coming after him if he doesn't pull through. Fast-forward three years. Where are we? What is this? One of your positive psychology drills, is it? I'd like us to get married. Married? - Is this a proposal? - Mm-hm. Yeah, thought I'd soften up by this romantic dinner first. Why don't we wait until after the trial? Why wait? Why rush? I know this job's important, but every special meal, every weekend away, you cancel. Yeah. Exactly. You don't wanna cancel a honeymoon, Trace. You know, I appreciate where Frank's coming from. Tuno dictates my life as much as it does his. Sorry I'm late. I'll push on with those phone records. Should have them finished by the end of today. I'm fine. Gary Jubelin. Yeah, I'll do it, Gary. Let's finish what we started, mate, eh? That's very good to hear, Frank. We're on. Alright, mate. Thank you. Yes. I don't think you should be too concerned. No-one's gonna believe these people. A bikie who's done time for manslaughter? Nah, it's all circumstantial. You mean it relies on witnesses? Precisely. They're not exactly credible. Right. I got mixed up with the wrong guy, OK. I admit that. But... you have to believe me. Everything I did. He was threatening me. It was me or them. I do a job or he comes... Huh? Yeah. Yeah, put him on. Of course. Hey, buddy. How's my little man? Yeah. Daddy misses you too, mate. I've got the lab results for the blood we found in the shed. As we expected, no trace of DNA. So it could be animal blood, human, who knows. Alright, well, we've got the remains in the toolbox. We've got the saws, Decker's evidence. It's not crucial. Hey, Gary. We need to have a talk about Camille. She's got cancer. What? I tried telling her to take it easy but she won't listen. I thought it might need to come from you. So after that last phone call from Andrew Perish's phone to O'Rourke's, there's no further contact. There's this flurry of activity the week leading up to the abduction, then nothing, zilch. You 're happy. This is good. I know you 're sick, Camille. I can't pretend to know how you feel but this is... a shit of a job. Why don't you just take it easy? Go home? And do what? This... shit of a job is the most meaningful police work I've ever done. I wanna see it through, just like you. People already think I'm a slave driver. They're gonna think I'm a real prick. Stay as long as you want. Thank you. Frank. It's just like old times with you in the back there. Yeah. Only this time I don't have me popgun, hey? Let's get those crooks. Window doesn't even open, eh. Hey, Frank. How am I supposed to sleep knowing Browney is in the next room, huh? Could be sleeping nude for all I know. Honestly... I've never felt so claustrophobic, eh. You wait till you get in the witness box. Can we at least go out for a feed, huh? Oh, that's not fair. You get to go home to your family, I'm stuck here by... Frank, just sit down, will you? Just try and relax. We'll make a call. We'll get something brought up. Jesus Christ, you 're making me nervous. Sit down. Just... Alright, just breathe. That is shit as, Gary, huh? That is shit as. Come on. I'll behave, mate. Time for you to throw some coin on the bar, eh. Come on, Gazza, you old woman. Don't call me Gazza, Frank. Fuck. How does a bloke your size get away with eating lettuce? Same way the silverback gorilla does, mate. Eat a truckload. In my case, maybe two. Oh, no. See that bloke over there? Hm? He's not too happy about me eyeing off his missus, eh. You just can't fucking help yourself, can you? You wanna know how to survive a beatin' with a table leg? Yeah. Say you 've slept with your mate's missus, right? Now, if you 're a useful member, you 're not gonna get killed or nothin', right. But there has to be some kind of retribution. I mean, fair's fair, yeah? How? You lay facedown, flat on the ground, right. - And that's it? - You cover your head, Einstein. If you 're sure they're not out to kill, that's your best bet. Sounds like how you survive a bear attack. Hm. Bears. Bikies. I've gotta take this. - Did you get my message? - Gary. I fly to Darwin first thing in the morning. This is the last night we had together for a while. Alright. I'm leaving. OK. I'm on my way. Packing a bit for two days, aren't you? What? Gaz, I'm hardly seeing you. The hours you 're doing on this are insane and the trial hasn't even started yet. And, what? Me, running the company from the kitchen table? Jesus Christ, Tracy. You were just talking about marriage. Now you 're just gonna? You 're pissing off. I'm not breaking up, you goose. Oh. Hey. I'll still visit once a month. I can't let you give up on this case. I love you, Trace. Enough to drive me to the airport in the morning? June 2010 and Anthony, Andrew and Muzz face their committal hearing. The question at hand - had Strike Force Tuno built a strong enough case to put them on trial for murder? The three accused men hadn't seen or spoken to each other since their arrests 18 months before. It was also the first time Anthony had clapped eyes on Decker since he had turned crown witness. I heard he got a 50% discount on his sentence. How long did it take to drive to Girvan? A long time. Maybe two to three hours. When Anthony joined you and Mr Lawton later and the box was opened, was Mr Falconer alive? No. But he was alive when Anthony closed the toolbox at Turramurra? Yes. He was groggy but he was alive. He has to say that. Otherwise he'd be sitting here with us. Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth? - Please say, "I do." - I do. Yeah, Anthony said to come up the Karuah River at Bulahdelah. Uh, he'd be waiting there dressed like a fisherman with a few eskies. Because the prick might be in a few pieces, see? And, after the discussion of fixing your boat had ended, Anthony mentioned Terry Falconer? He said he'd heard a rumour that I'd been told in jail that Terry Falconer murdered his grandparents. Another call to Gary Jubelin where you alleged that a helicopter was hovering over your house. It was square-lappin' the perimeter, correct. You actually believe the helicopters were following you around Sydney? Correct, again. The heat was on. And the Jatz crackers in your swimming pool. That too you interpreted as a threat? Someone had been in my house and put it there. Also correct. What are you eating? A mint. You 're giving evidence, you realise? Holding up threatening signs did nothing to damage the strength of Tuno's brief. Threatening the witness. Anthony, his brother and his mate were committed to trial for the murder of Terry Falconer. The problem with the autopsy is we can't prove the act causing death. Was it the closing of the lid? Punches at Turramurra? I thought it didn't matter when exactly Terry Falconer died if we could prove intent to kill, which we can, given Frank O'Rourke's evidence. Hanging a murder conviction on the word of a man who cowers at the sight of Jatz crackers? That's not just Frank. Decker's evidence goes to premeditation. Hardly - Decker makes out like the whole thing was an accident and he just helped clean it up. What does he actually add to the murder charge? We got the hacksaws. We got the disposable suits at Girvan. He said they were already there. It doesn't matter how he died. They were always gonna kill him. I'm no longer confident we'll win if we pursue murder. The safer course is to offer Anthony the lesser charge of manslaughter. He pleads guilty to that, we skip the trial altogether. Fuck that, and I'll tell you why. I haven't chased this prick for the last nine years just to lock him up for manslaughter for six. OK, he'll wear that like a badge on his chest. Manslaughter also means Andrew walks. There's no conspiracy to an accidental death and we forfeit the conspiracy charges on Anthony and Muzz. It completely ignores Frank's evidence. Right, you might say he's crazy, but this guy has laid his life on the line for us because we said we were going after Perish for murder, not fucking manslaughter. All our witnesses have laid their lives on the line for us, so we're not backing down. Gary, would you rather pursue murder and see them all get off, or do you wanna make certain that you 're putting Anthony away for something? Despite strong evidence pointing to Terry Falconer's murder being planned, the Crown Prosecutor commenced negotiations with Anthony Perish's lawyers to have him plead guilty to manslaughter. So your lawyer said that if Anthony pleads guilty, they'll drop your charge altogether. Well, that's just fuckin' marvellous, isn't it? But is he gonna do it? I haven't exactly had a chance to talk to him, have I? He'll do it for you, babe. I know he will. You 've got no criminal record. You could be out in under 10. My best advice is to take the Crown's offer. Plead guilty to manslaughter. But if we go to trial, I could get off completely, right? I mean, the circumstantial case, the shoddy witnesses. Anthony, look, this is the best possible scenario. You know, 'guilty' is not a word that comes easily to me. Anthony knew the longer he sat in prison, the more vulnerable the company's business became. People on the outside were jockeying to take over his share of the drug market. He needed to get out... whatever it took. All silent. Please stand. Anthony John Michael Perish, will you please stand? Anthony Perish, you stand indicted for murder in that between the 16th of November 2001 and 26th of November 2001 in Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, you did murder Terry Falconer. How say you? Are you guilty or not guilty? Not guilty. But I plead to manslaughter. Mr Crown, do you accept the plea? - Mr Crown? - Are you OK? Alright, sit back. Your Honour, I think we need to call an ambulance. Merv... Merv Grogan survived his heart attack but the trial would be delayed so that another Crown prosecutor could be briefed, a younger, less experienced man. So has the new Crown read the brief? Mm-hm. Over the weekend. He just won a home invasion. Great. A home invasion. Well, he won convincingly. Camille Grace Alavoine passed away on Sunday, 13 March 2011. Her dream of seeing Gary Jubelin and Tim Browne deliver justice to Terry Falconer's family was not to be. So when's the funeral? She didn't believe in them. She left us some money for drinks after the trial. It's... it's not fair, Browney. I know. We're gonna get these pricks. He's fairly eccentric, so look out for that, but he's really, really good - here he is. - Paul. - Paul Leask, Crown prosecutor. When have you seen a case like this, eh? I mean, though it's terribly complex, one thing is indisputably clear - Terry Falconer was never going back to Silverwater. Never. Never, never, never, never. No, this is murder, if I ever did see it. But don't you just love the irony? All the fastidiousness with trying to eliminate the evidence. Use ammonia - it fucks the DNA. He didn't even know the tides. He may as well have thrown the evidence in someone's pool - unbelievable. Paul Alexander Leask, sit down, shut up and listen. Alright, well, before your predecessor had a heart attack, he negotiated pleas for manslaughter. Oh, no. No, we won't be doing that. Manslaughter's completely incongruous with O'Rourke's evidence. You 're not fucking with us, are you, Paul? Hello. You 've reached Paul Leask. Leave that. That's OK. No. No, this is murder - plain and simple. Paul, the defence will rip you apart. Take the pleas or you 're gonna lose it. Happens all the time. Almost a decade had passed since the murder of Terry Falconer. Anthony Perish was about to be held to account for his crimes. On the 16th of November 2001, ladies and gentlemen, six bags were discovered in the Hastings River. Each contained the remains of a human being... ...Terrence Falconer. Anthony Perish pleaded guilty to his manslaughter, but the Crown does not accept this plea. No. This case is one of murder. In June 1993, Anthony and Frances Perish were found dead in their farmhouse in Leppington. Who killed them and why remains a mystery. Anthony spoke about his grandparents' deaths with a man called Brett Simpson, a go-to man. He suggested that he could bring Mr Falconer to Anthony for questioning. But Terry Falconer was dead when the box was opened. Anthony panicked. He could no longer question Terry Falconer. There's no disputing the body was dismembered. He wanted to hide his involvement. If you 'd been in the same situation... ...who knows what you might have done? Bag four contained an upper arm and two shins. That's correct. Bag five - a half pelvis and a thigh. Yes, correct. Now, when those pieces were put back together to reconstruct the man, as it were, was there anything missing? Yes. The body had been eviscerated. So the stomach, the heart, the lungs, kidneys, liver, spleen were all missing. And the head had been separated from the torso. - Is that correct? - Yes. And the jaw was missing? Yes, the lower mandible was absent. Professor, how exactly is the jaw connected to the skull? Just at the temporomandibular joint - here. So would you have to cut through the joint? Yes, you 'd either cut the joint or cut through the bone of this area. But to remove it, would you have to remove the skin? Yes, you 'd have to reflect the skin off the mandible first, then remove the mandible. Of course, because you have a joint either side... Objection, Your Honour. I won't press. Brett Simpson, also known as Decker, had been sentenced to a minimum of 15 years for his part in the kidnapping of Terry Falconer, the disposal of his body, plus numerous other violent crimes. He refused to change into a suit to give evidence, wearing his prison coveralls like a badge of honour. Do you recall discussing the murder of Terry Falconer with Ben Dokic at a cafe in Lavender Bay? I can't recall. You weren't to know this at the time, but an external agency had bugged Dokic's phone. I'll play you a tape to jog your memory. - Ben Dokic. - Hey, you bastard. - Hello. - It's Decker! - G'day, mate. How are you? - Hey. Come down to Lavender Bay Cafe. I'm here. Oh! You 're there, are you? Does this refresh your memory? Sounded like my voice, but... ...I don't recall the meeting. Do you recall who else was there? I assume Anthony, but... ...I don't actually remember it. Well, what do you remember? It was either Matthew or Anthony. I don't recall. I don't remember. I... I couldn't say who said that. What is it? Decker's feigning memory loss. He's completely backflipped. Well, the judge can see it's not a genuine attempt. It's the jury we've gotta worry about. Mm-hm. Fuck it, we'll just show the walk-through. Don't you just love Section 38? - Uh-uh-uh! - Oh. You were arrested on the 19th of January in 2009. Do you remember your arrest? Parts of it. Do you remember conducting a walk-through with police at Girvan after your arrest? I don't know. They rigged him up to the block and tackle. Anthony throws a suit at me, says "Get this on." The larger parts were cut into smaller parts. And... I participated. I had to. At one point, Anthony looks at me. I'm feeling crook. And he says, "What? Is this the first time you 've done this?" If I were to get knocked, you can still use my evidence? Yes. Now, I'm trusting you with my life, Gary. So I need you to give me something. I need you to give me your home address. One day, Gary, I'll have my life taken for this, eh. And there's no doubting that. I've got a policy of not handing out my home address. I have a policy of not setting foot inside a courtroom. You know, that's my policy. I don't want any fucking gangsters coming here, Frank. You 're lucky you did that, eh. Or I wasn't going through with this. Anthony wanted me to take the boat out past the continental shelf, find a hole with the depth sounder, dump the eskies, on my way back, wash the boat out with ammonia. Did Anthony explain why you would use ammonia? Yeah. He said it fucks the DNA. They can tell there's been blood but they can't tell whose. The following year, you agreed to commence a police operation that involved you wearing a listening device to meetings with Andrew Perish. That is correct. Just one more thing. UNDIES: You 're giving me a fucking headache, Tink. FRANK: Mate, it's important. Now, you know that document. What document? This one? No. The document you and Rooster came round and showed me, right? The one that said Falconer had been dogging to the jacks. I just remembered something. - What? - I handled it. You know what I'm saying? This cock-and-bull story about the dinner in Newtown, it just simply didn't happen. Yes, it did. I suggest when Anthony came to see you he offered to pay to fix your boat so you could all go fishing. No, he wanted to use my boat for the job. What was the restaurant called? We're talking over 10 years ago now, sir. Why did you take the money if you had no intention of going through with it? If they were planning to kill me, I was happy for them to pay for the repairs. You 've never been able to nominate the name of the restaurant - not ever. You could go to Hollywood you 're so good at making up stories. You have a memory like Swiss cheese. I'm telling the truth. I suggest that everything you say in your statement is false. It's your job to say that, miss. Can this document be shown to the witness? There's a copy for Your Honour. A complaint was made about you over an incident with some younger prison inmates who you abused. I did not. That's why you were attacked in prison, as, um... payback for your predatory sexual behaviour with young males. I do not... I do not have sex with males, thank you very much. Put me in a room with Rooster, huh? I'll beat a confession out of him quick smart. Cut out all this fucking bullshit, Gary! Listen, the jury's gonna see it for what it is, OK? It's a last-ditch attempt to ruin your credibility. Yeah, and they don't think I'm fucking crazy? They're not gonna think you 're crazy, mate. They're gonna appreciate the stress you 're under. Come here, Frank, OK? Don't let them fucking grubs make you feel this way. Alright? Alright. I got something for you. - What's that? - Cigars. That's for you to light up when we convict these pricks. And let me tell you something, Frank. If it wasn't for you, none of us would be here today. No, Gary. I'm just lucky I stumbled across you, eh. Brother. Come here. I mean that, eh. You 're a brother. OK. - I got ya, alright? Trust me. - Yeah. The man we have called Frank O'Rourke was in the witness box for close on five days before he was escorted back to his secure location. He remains living under an assumed name to this day. Where do you think you 're going? - I'm on my way back to court. - Good luck, huh? You 're coming with me. I got it. After 2 months of evidence and 26 witnesses, there was nothing left to do but to ask the jury to consider their verdict. Ladies and gentlemen, this was not a killing performed in the heat of the moment. Whether the participants were hands-on... ...or at a distance from the dirty work... ...each was involved in the one exercise - to bring about the murder of Terry Falconer. Now, there have been allegations as to whether he played a role in the death of the Perish grandparents. But Mr Falconer was robbed of his day in court. He never got a jury trial. You 've heard evidence of a different society... ...one with its own codes, its own values. Witnesses have described a society which is governed by fear, where the consequences for speaking out of school are extreme. Now, if the plan was to take Mr Falconer back to Silverwater, why cut off a security anklet? What about the three disposable suits and hacksaws at Girvan? What were they for? Ladies and gentlemen, Mr Falconer was never, ever going back to Silverwater. I'd like to finish by asking you a rhetorical question. Let's say the plan really was simply to question Mr Falconer. What if he'd confessed? What would Anthony have done to him then? The jury's back. Mr Foreman, have you reached a unanimous verdict? We have, Your Honour. Matthew Lawton was charged with murder. How do you find the accused - guilty or not guilty? Guilty. Andrew Perish was charged with conspiracy to murder. How do you find the accused - guilty or not guilty? Guilty. Anthony Perish was charged with conspiracy to murder. How do you find the accused - guilty or not guilty? Guilty. Anthony Perish was charged with murder. How do you find the accused - guilty or not guilty? Guilty. Anthony Perish was sentenced to 18 years non-parole for the murder of Terry Falconer. His brother, Andrew, was sentenced to a minimum of nine years. And his faithful retainer, Matthew 'Muzz' Lawton, got a minimum of 15. In sentencing Anthony for murder, the judge said the Crown had not proved beyond reasonable doubt that Terry Falconer was still alive when he was delivered to Turramurra. The question of who killed the Perish grandparents remains unanswered. It's very satisfying for a 10-year investigation to get a result like this. I think it sends a message to criminals that detectives will actively pursue them no matter how long it takes. Good on ya, mate. Hey. Uh, James. Just wanted to say you did your father proud. Thank you. Alright. Everyone listen up. You know, right from the start, this job was pegged as unsolvable. Thanks to every one of you, we did it. And we did it as a team. Yeah! There is, uh... There is someone missing. So I'd like everyone to raise a glass to Camille. She was... tenacious. She was determined. And she never... listened to a word I said. And we're all gonna miss her very dearly. So to Camille. To Camille! There is one other person I'd like to single out, and that's you, Browney. Hey, Downtown Browne! We all know that he likes to keep a cool head, but there were some days I had to check him for a pulse. Seriously, Browney, thank you, mate. We couldn't have done this without you. That's it, everyone. As I said, we've done it. We did it all together. So congratulations. And we move on. So cheers. Cheers! Nice speech. - You like that? - Yeah. You know, I thought I could hear wedding bells. Just... you were saying? Alright. Off you go. Gary Jubelin. Yeah, had a missed call. So am I lighting this cigar or what, eh? The jury believed you, Frank. They're guilty on all counts. This is a filthy, rotten cigar, Gary, eh? You cheapskate! Call me when you got a better offer! SONG: # It's a jungle out there # It's a jungle out there # It's a jungle out there. # 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 