A Crime to Remember: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 A Crime to Remember 
 s1e6 - Who Killed Mr. Woodward? - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 A Crime to Remember (2013–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Who Killed Mr. Woodward? - full transcript 
 West Palm Beach, FL, 1955. Judge Curtis Chillingworth (58) and his wife (50's) say their goodbyes to friends at swank dinner party, step into their car and drive away. They are never seen again. When police start investigating they unravel a tale of corruption, moonshine and numbers-running that leaves Florida in shock. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Good. You're here. You don't want to miss one minute of this, because you'll never see the like of what's about to happen again. Well, I never did, at least. Now, if you don't recognize where we are, I understand. It's one of the fabulous estates on the Gold Coast of Long Island in 1955, and not a lot of people got to come through these gates back then. I did, but just from time to time as a guest, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 an extra man to fill out a dinner party, and there were a lot of those. Now, you're about to see the biggest scandal ever in New York society. Not that I like to gossip, but it's really unbelievable what happened. Just hours after dining with the Duke and Duchess of Windsor, Ann Woodward came home and shot her husband, Billy, in the face. Accidentally -- or so she said. Hello? Hello? Mr. Woodward? This is the police. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The first person on the crime scene was a policeman. How did this happen? {\an8}He sees Ann on the floor, on top of her husband. You got to get off of him. How did this happen, ma'am? Wake up. Come on. Let's get up. Come on. You're okay. He's very scared. He doesn't know what to do with her. And he sees so many bottles of pills on her bureau. And the place was a shambles. And she's sobbing hysterically. She was babbling like she's crazy. {\an8}She claimed that she heard a burglar or an intruder {\an8}get into the house. So the police searched the premises. A dog was barking. Bullet fragments were on the wall. Ann and Billy, they have separate bedrooms on either side of an 18-foot hallway. In front of Ann's door, there was a custom-made shotgun... ...and the body of 35-year-old Billy Woodward lay in front of his bedroom door, riddled with buckshot. According to the caretaker, a little after 2:00 in the morning, they heard two shots fired. There were some things disturbed from the kitchen, and although Billy and Ann had plenty of guns, only the one lying on the floor had been fired. Mrs. Woodward? I didn't -- I didn't see. I didn't see. Mrs. Woodward, I need to ask you a few questions. I didn't see him. You shot your husband? I couldn't see. It was so dark. She says, "I did it. I shot him." It -- it was on the table. It was garbage. I couldn't see. It was shocking to see this beautiful, wealthy woman covered in blood, no doubt about it. But to those of us in the know, it was almost as shocking that Ann had elbowed her way into that home in the first place. Ann moved 11 times as a child. Her mother winds up running a taxicab company in the back of this movie theater right near the men's room, and so it always stinks of the men's room. It's just awful. Ann was a poor Kansas girl from a poor Kansas town, but, back then, they called her Angie, short for Angeline. Her mother says Ann has all these ideas on things -- she wants to better herself. She's suddenly very beautiful. She wanted to make it big, just like her idol, Joan Crawford, another girl from Kansas. And she gets a job at a very exclusive department store modeling and selling hats. There was a buyer who came through and who told her to look him up if she ever came to New York, and that was her way out. In New York City in the 1940s, the wealthiest of the wealthy had turned from their grand ballrooms to new amusements, playing out and about in café society. So they were available for the first time to someone like Ann. She played a society girl, just sort of walking around, looking elegant. And she decided to change her name from Angeline Lucille Crowell to Ann Eden. She loved flash and glamour. She wanted -- she keenly longed, to become one of the beautiful people. Ann met her future husband, Billy Woodward, at Fefe's Club Monte Carlo. Quick and easy, Billy. Quick and easy. Quick and easy. You don't hear the Woodward name that much anymore these days, but back then, the Woodwards were the height of the social pyramid. The Woodwards made a lot of money selling cotton to the Southern troops during the Civil War, and bought an interest in Hanover Bank. The Woodwards were a very rich family. Let's not get ahead of ourselves, because this is important -- before Ann met Billy, in fact, before Billy even noticed her, someone else noticed her first. Excuse me. {\an8}So, Ann Eden... {\an8}First catches the attention of Mr. Woodward Sr. {\an8}She was very attractive and very -- {\an8}she had enormous warmth and personality. All the men wanted to sit next to her, you know, 'cause she really was entertaining and good-looking. My gosh, she was marvelous. She was beautiful. She was sort of a little flirty, but just the right amount, you know? When I was working as secretary to our ambassador of Great Britain, that's when I caught the bug for... Racing them? Racing, breeding, training them. Woodward Sr. invited Ann to Saratoga to see his horses run, and she went there. This is Segula. She's a great broodmare. Wow. Boy. Hold this in your hand, palm flat. Hold it out. Arch your fingers back so she doesn't nibble them off. Yeah. Ann was always a bit coy about Woodward Sr., but she did say she'd gone up to Saratoga to see him. Let me show you the rest of the stables. Okay. I mean, what do you think happened? But Woodward Sr. was discreet, and when Billy met Ann at the club, he had no idea that she'd dallied with daddy. {\an8}He was an inexperienced youth, sexually. You're a brave little thing. Maybe so. Brave enough to ask you to dance. Weren't any girls like you at tea dances. I believe that. You're awfully forward. True, true. But, clearly, they didn't teach you how to dance like this. No. No, I've clearly never had a teacher. Watch. Put your hand on my back. Lower. There you go. Can you feel that? Ann Woodward would dance with Billy Woodward, and she would sort of say something suggestive to him about the body language and the movement. And so this was really, you know, ladies were not supposed to talk about s-e-x. You don't get places when you're a girl without any skills unless you have certain kinds of skills, and hers were in the bedroom. It was very sexual very fast. Ann was more than ready to handle Billy's desires. She never imagined Billy's violent death would be at her hand, too. Or did she? Well, she was forthright about the fact that she had fired the deadly shot, and there was her husband on the floor, dead. So there was no question she had killed her husband. The question is, did she murder her husband? In some ways, 1955 isn't so different from now. And when wealthy and powerful people are involved in a crime, everyone pays attention. So, when Ann Woodward shot her husband, Billy, in their country mansion, the police were very, very nervous. {\an8}The police up there are mostly caretakers, {\an8}so they don't really know how to handle crime. But having things handled for you comes along with privilege, and all the Woodwards' people, lawyers and so forth, were quick to arrive. {\an8}They had influence and power. {\an8}They had the money to have the top lawyers in New York. {\an8}These super-wealthy families always had a veil around them, {\an8}and they could lower it when they wanted to, {\an8}and you did everything you could {\an8}to block the press from knowing anything. You block the police, if necessary. So, the Chief of Police, the District Attorney, the Assistant District Attorney, and all these sort of brass who never go to crime scenes are there. Now, the police didn't want to miscarry justice or anything like that. Let's just say they didn't want to subject these fine families to the kind of treatment reserved for common criminals. Hey, Chief? We will get back to you soon. I'm asking you to give me some room right now. You know as well as anyone else that that still goes on. {\an8}Power is money, and they can change the course of the events. Detective, this interview's over. Mrs. Woodward needs immediate medical attention. Nurse? {\an8}When a socialite is hysterical, {\an8}even if it's a socialite who has pulled a trigger... It's gonna be all right, okay? It's just gonna be a little bit. ...when that happens, there's only one thing that can be done. Shh. So Ann was sedated and given a chance to compose herself. And how did poor Angeline Crowell become someone's wife -- a woman entitled to the kid-glove treatment, and not just a plaything? Well, it was over Elsie Woodward's just-about-dead body, I'll tell you that. Elsie Woodward was the kind of woman who doesn't exist anymore. The grand dames -- certainly, Elsie Woodward was one of them -- were a power unto themselves at that time in New York. Mother, I'd like to introduce you to miss Ann Eden. Hello, Mrs. Woodward. It's so nice to meet you. And, Ann, this is my father. Nice to meet you. Come on. I'll show you Bolingbrook. I'll be right back. {\an8}And when she saw that bird called Ann Eden {\an8}come into her court, {\an8}there was only one reaction was possible, which was "No." "N-o-c-d" -- that was everyone's favorite expression in those days, which was, I'd like to say, "Not our caliber drawing," but it meant "Not our class, dear." Kansas? Yes, but I li-- I like it here much more. You do? - Yeah. Why did you come here? Hello, miss. Nice to see you again. This is a beautiful dress. Marriage was the only way that someone like an Ann could make it in that world, and she had a very narrow window of time to accomplish it. Rumor has it that the Woodwards were absolutely horrified, and warned Billy not to marry a woman like Ann. Elsie wanted something rather grand for Billy, but they were very much in love. I think they were. {\an8}Ann was thrilled with him, and he was besotted with her. {\an8}He thought she was just splendid. Billy was hooked on Ann. He loved how different she was from the world he came from. It was like a little prison break, marrying Ann, and she thought all her dreams had come true. This person comes from, you know, rural Kansas, and winds up marrying the most eligible man in New York, and it looks like it should be perfect. It might've looked that way at first, but I'm pretty sure that body bags and blood aren't anyone's idea of a storybook ending. She was taken out on a stretcher. She puts a rag over her face because she knows that the press people are outside, and they transport her to Doctors Hospital in New York. An ordinary woman who was not a socialite, not somebody in this elevated social world, would've been, you know, cuffed and put in the slammer. But if you look back, those of us who knew them could tell you that the trouble started well before the night of the shooting. I think that Ann was sensitive. I think that, perhaps, she didn't feel accepted by some of the family, and she, perhaps, tried too hard. Elsie, th-this tea set is -- is beautiful. I've been -- I've been meaning to get one for Billy and I at home. Where did you -- where did you find it? Well, this was my father's mother's. It was made by a French craftsman for Louis Dix-huit. Well, do -- do you know of where I could buy one? Well... This imprint doesn't exist anymore. If you're gonna play that game, you really had to be observant. You had to watch what the top people were doing. You had to learn it. She was playing a role, and she was studying to play that role all the time. It was a dangerous game little Angeline Crowell was playing... Because the harder she worked at fitting in, the less time and attention she had for Billy. Well, I'm gonna have one more cigarette, mother, and then I'll be in. You can go on without me. We're ready. We'll be right in. Fantastic. See you soon. They're so nice, Billy. They are nice, aren't they? So nice. Can we see them more often? I would like to see you more often. I'd like to see you right now. Good thing... Good thing you married me. It's not gonna cause a problem, is it? No, no. He was imagining a never-ending honeymoon with his extremely desirable wife who had taken him places he never imagined going in this kind of sexually repressed world. Wait, wait, Billy. No, no, no. What? Mother's here. Wait a minute. I hope they walk in. No. No, baby. What? Later. Later. Later. Come on. We have all night. Once Ann was married, she was more dedicated to becoming respectable than she was to being a playmate. Do we need a new hunting dog? We should get a new hunting dog. That's what I'm saying. Right? Isn't that right? She starts to conform. She starts to want the approval of his mother and his sisters over the approval of Billy. At that very moment in time, Truman Capote was writing "Breakfast at Tiffany's," and he was invited to every party, and when he saw Ann Woodward, he really saw her as, in his words, "A phony," and he despised that about people. Just a few years later, the Woodwards had two children -- two boys, the heir and a spare. And at a certain point, Billy looked at Ann and thought, "Who are we? "How did we ever get together? We come from two completely different worlds." That these differences would matter, let alone be a problem, may not have occurred to Billy early on... ...but there was one person who believed that Ann should never have been allowed into this world. The Oyster Bay Police were already there by the time I arrived. She always knew that Ann would be Billy's undoing. Elsie finds out the next morning and is overcome. The killing was profoundly grief-inducing. Of course it was. The way one survived the grief was to be righteous, to stand correct about her daughter-in-law. You can put the phone down. Elsie decided that Ann had to be, you know, guilty. "What happened?" I'll tell you what happened. Ann shot Billy... And she's trying to make it look like an accident. Ann Woodward may have been spirited clean away from all the messiness, but that didn't stop the Oyster Bay Police from asking more questions about her strange story. {\an8}It was time to figure out what really happened {\an8}to Billy Woodward. Now, let's be fair. Ann's story could've been true. Maybe there was a prowler around. There were rumors and a few sightings. You notice, they could've went to that window. There was a young man who'd been arrested once, sort of prowling in the neighborhood, breaking in to people's houses and just stealing food and cutlery and a little jewelry. The Woodwards' caretaker showed detectives the ways someone could've gotten into the house, if they'd wanted to. {\an8}He'd been around her house, and he'd tried windows {\an8}and all that sort of thing, {\an8}so he was definitely around. And the caretaker also told the police about what Billy found on the grounds just the day before. Lookit. This is definitely no animal. No, it's not. This is him, right? They decided that the prowler had been in the pool cabana and had been letting himself in the kitchen, and Billy decided that he and Ann would shoot to kill. See that? That wasn't like that before. No. Well, Billy and Ann didn't shoot to kill anyone that afternoon. They just waved their guns around all hair-trigger excited. The only thing they caught was a great story to dine out on that evening. Later that night, they went to a nearby house for a dinner that was being held in honor of the Duchess of Windsor, who was Ann's good friend. Were they drinking excessively? Were they arguing at all? I wouldn't know. No, no. The police interviewed a lot of the people who'd been at the dinner party. Did she discuss anything with you? Come to think of it, Ann did mention they thought maybe there was a prowler on the estate. Ann, tell them the story about the prowler. You really haven't heard? No. There's a prowler in the neighborhood. All she talked about at the dinner party was the fact that their neighborhood had been beset by intruders. No one's gonna protect you but yourself -- nobody. And when you have to -- we have children. They were a little bit nervous. You can shoot someone on your property... If you think that they're trespassing. Yes, if they are trespassing. The law is on your side. You can shoot to kill. The partygoers gave some credibility to Ann's story that there was a prowler and it was, indeed, an accident, but there was a lot they didn't tell the police, too, about the sordid business that had become the Woodwards' marriage. Everything was normal last night. They were lovely, as always. It was a matter of decorum. "Remember, n-o-c-d -- not our class, dear." I'm glad you're here. I don't know when it started, but he started having a few little romances on the side. Marina Torlonia, for instance. She was very good-looking, I mean, she was a beguiling kind of a woman. {\an8}Princess Marina Torlonia, she was a half Italian princess, {\an8}half Connecticut W.A.S.P. So he gravitated towards someone who was a much more suitable partner for him. And she was crazy about Billy, too, who was very, you know, handsome and darling and generous. She wanted to marry Billy. And then it started getting very touchy. But a divorce would take away not only Billy, but everything Ann had clawed her way towards her whole life -- her identity, her belonging as Mrs. Ann Woodward. She was feeling incredibly desperate and at the end of her rope. So, Ann may have had reasons to pull the trigger, but she also had an innocent explanation -- she feared for her family's safety from a mysterious prowler. Now, the police had arrested a prowler months earlier. Had this man broken in to Ann's house? And he's out on probation, so they find him in Huntington. What were you doing there that night? I wasn't there that night. You were seen on the premises. I was there a couple nights before. I wasn't there that night. You was breaking in the house. Listen, I know what happened. Everybody knows what happened. Some woman shot her husband in the face, okay? But I wasn't there. So, at this point, things were looking pretty bad for Ann. She couldn't prove anything. All she could do was wait, locked away in her hospital room. And if things seemed dark then, it was about to get much darker with the arrival of the person who hated Ann the most. The shot was fired from a gun held by Mrs. Woodward. But you're trying to establish why the shot was fired. Is that correct, sir? Or what is the situation? Well, we're trying to establish any underlying reason that might've been cause for the shooting, other than an accidental nature. It had been a little over three weeks since Ann Woodward shot her husband, Billy, on their Long Island estate. The press was running wild with speculation, and until this point, the family had remained silent. {\an8}It's a very different world now. You didn't pose for magazines. {\an8}You didn't want to have television cameras. {\an8}It was you were in the papers when you were born, {\an8}when you were married, and when you died. {\an8}Because you avoided publicity, {\an8}it was seen as tasteless and things like that. But like it or not, a grand jury was about to make it public, and soon. Elsie disliked Ann intensely... And was quite sure that she'd killed Billy on purpose. I couldn't see him. I'm so sorry. {\an8}Elsie did not want her grandchildren {\an8}to have a mother who had murdered their father. {\an8}That would've been the ultimate scandal. Of course. I understand completely. Now here's what you will do. Elsie made a decision. I've arranged to send the boys to school in Switzerland. It's best for them to be away now. From this moment on, she insisted that Ann was telling the truth, that she thought that she fired on an intruder, not on her husband. Elsie was no amateur. She knew what a scandal could do, and she had a pretty good idea of the ugliness that lurked in the shadows of her son's marriage. {\an8}She did send private detectives all over the place afterwards, {\an8}and couldn't get anything on Ann. What she did was got an enormous amount of data about Billy. Ann and Billy's marriage was in shambles. Separation papers had been drawn up, but Billy hadn't signed them yet. You see, no matter how far Billy strayed, he couldn't quite tear himself away from Ann completely, but he wouldn't love her anymore, either. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry to get in between this wonderful conversation, but I would love to have one word with my husband. {\an8}They were people who loved to fight and make up, {\an8}and they were of that persuasion. Let's play the game, Billy. Ann, not here! Ann! She was very angry. She would be always attacking women, scratching Billy if he was -- and he was a terrific flirt. Hit me. You've done it before. You've done it before. Do it again, Billy. You see what I have to live with? Do it again. Don't talk to them! I'm sure we all know people, I guess, like that. Maybe not quite as steeped in it as they were. They argued constantly. He'd beat her. He'd smack her around. Fighting at a costume party, fighting in a German castle. Big, public scenes. It's well documented. He made a point of keeping her off-balance, made a point of keeping her upset. And he was always withholding his appreciation of her. She was obsessed with keeping him. She knew that even if he would beat her up and slap her around, he would then want to have sex with her. That's the way she kept him from divorcing her. I don't -- I don't get -- I don't understand -- I don't understand what you see in her. Poor Ann was really starting to fall apart. She's drinking and taking pills. What we saw in public would give you the shivers. And we could only imagine what went on behind closed doors. In November 1955, a grand jury convened to determine the fate of Ann Woodward. It was an accident. I thought it was the -- the stranger that had been in our house. At the grand-jury trial, Ann is brought in, and she gave her testimony. It was dark. I couldn't see. And she talks about how much she loves her husband, and this terrible thing that's happened, and she'll never get over it. But Ann wasn't the only one to give testimony to the grand jury. A witness finally came forward to say they knew what really happened that night at the Woodwards', and it was a familiar face, too. Isn't it true, sir, that you, in fact, were inside the house the night Billy Woodward was shot and killed? Yes. From the beginning, Ann Woodward claimed she had mistaken her husband, Billy, for a prowler, but when the police had caught the prowler, he denied he was there. And now it was his turn to tell the whole world about what really happened that night. {\an8}The prowler -- {\an8}his first story was that he wasn't on the estate, {\an8}and then he changed his story. I'd -- I'd already been there before, so I knew that there was a tree by the house to a-a terrace on the second floor. I climbed up, and there was a window that was open. As I was climbing in... I stumbled. Then I heard a shot. Then I heard another shot. And then I got the hell out of there. Jumped off the roof, and I ran. No one really knew what had happened at the Woodwards' house the night of the shooting, so the prowler's reversal couldn't have helped Ann more if she had scripted it herself. The prowler could've changed his story just because he was being honest, but it could be that he changed his story and made the whole thing up. There were whispers that perhaps Elsie had made it worth this young man's while to change his tune. I don't indulge in gossip myself, but I do know that if Elsie wanted to, she could afford it. {\an8}She could call up a judge. {\an8}She could call up, you know, a senator. {\an8}She could call up people at the top {\an8}and protect her family's good name. Of course, you know, it's anybody's guess. And she was cleared very quickly. The New York courts, at least, were satisfied that Ann hadn't intended to kill Billy, and if you ask around, you'll hear some people who agree with that... And some who think there's a lot more to the story. {\an8}There are different ways of looking at what happened that evening. I still think it was an accident. I don't think Ann wanted to kill him. I mean, she loved Billy. They really were cuckoo about each other. I think she knew she was killing Billy Woodward. It seems really hard to believe that a woman would take a gun and fire it in a house where her children were there. The threat of Billy walking out and leaving her for one of those other society women... She just couldn't handle the idea of it. There was nothing good about being an ex, but being a widow was being the best wife forever. But the truth may lie somewhere in the middle, muddled up with some liquor and pills. Both Mr. and Mrs. Woodward have their dressing drinks. They get dressed. They go to dinner. They have cocktails. They have cocktails. They have wine at dinner. It's terrifying. Exactly! It's terrifying, right?! And then I, believe, their after-dinner drinks, and they go home. And they'd been talking about the prowler, shooting the prowler. Ay. Billy... That wasn't there before. It was a recipe for tragedy. Ann takes a rifle to bed with her, and Billy takes a gun to bed with him, too. Billy, apparently, went to take a shower. She couldn't sleep. She was already an insomniac. She was on a lot of sleeping pills. Ann went to bed. She heard the prowler fall in the curtains, the upstairs curtains. At the same moment that she heard the noise, Billy heard something and came to the door of his bedroom. One of the claims was that it was dark that night, but 20 feet is just not a very great distance. My feeling was... That she was a woman locked in an abusive relationship and made a terrible Freudian mistake -- that it wasn't something she planned on, but he had really gotten to her too many times. And I think that it was the kind of mistake that had a lot of "oomph" behind it. I suppose one could make the mistake of thinking that Ann walked away without any punishment, but I think if you kill the one you love -- and I think that Ann did love Billy -- it's a wound that never heals. She was just in pain day and night. If she had a good few hours, then the pain would come back, and back she'd go into "I will never have this man back." "It's over. The best is not yet to come. The best has been." Ann went abroad and tried to make her way there. She was pretty much ostracized from her husband's world. I saw her. I said, "Hello, darling. How are you?" And she said, "I'll never recover," and she never did recover. She was called the self-made widow, or she was called La matadora, "The Woman Who Kills." People just assume, think the worst. {\an8}All cats do not wear bells on their collars, you know? So, there's the simple fact there's nothing more fascinating than murder in a good dress... I'm afraid. I think Elsie thought it was delicious to watch Ann fall to pieces. The woman killed her son, and this was the only justice that was going to be served. But there was someone else who wanted to serve a little comeuppance to Ann Woodward in his own way... ...Truman Capote, who'd met Ann when she was first coming up in the world. Remember? Several years later, when Truman decided to tell the story of the Woodwards, he gave Esquire magazine a chapter. And somebody... Friend or enemy -- hard to say which -- sent Ann an advance copy. And she was devastated. He really depicted Ann the way he saw her -- as a gold-digging whore. She now has no future. Once this story is published, she will be ridiculed. What had happened before was mild compared to what was going to follow. She has the date the story's supposed to come out -- it's October 25th -- marked in her date book. There was a pad by the bed that said, "Don't forget." And she wrote her last words. Ann wanted to be famous, to be rich, to be in high society. She got all of that. Her prayers were answered, and it was her absolute undoing. She was destroyed by that. She may have taken a pill, but it was a pen, Truman Capote's pen, that really killed her. Ann ran as far away from Kansas as she could, and she decided to give these very glamorous-looking people the final word on who she really was. But I always wondered what might've happened if Ann had been able to step away, if she could've accepted a life that didn't get the stamp of approval from the 400 families welcome in Mrs. Astor's ballroom. But that would be a whole other story, now, wouldn't it? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 