Deputy: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Deputy 
 s1e9 - 10-8 Entitlements - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Deputy (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - 10-8 Entitlements - full transcript 
 When a rash of home invasions hit West Hollywood, it leads the Sherriff's department to discover a burglary ring, whose members are competing against one another for bragging rights. Paula ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  I'm running for sheriff.  BISHOP:   You okay with that?  Ah, it's a free world.  If he wants to--  I've lost my purpose here.  Especially since the accident.  So what are you   gonna do about it?  I know what I want.   Intelligence Analyst.  Thinking about getting   a drink at the bar,  if you wanna join me.  Did you just flirt with me?  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 No.  MAN:   Now that Undersheriff London  has announced   his candidacy,  you should begin   to coordinate with him--  No.  You gonna run?   'Cause I think you should.  It's not that simple.  You want me to spy.  If that means   looking out for yourself  and that promotion   you worked so hard for,  yes.  JOSEPH:   Sheriff's Department!  ? ?  (yells, groans)  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 MINNICK: Keep moving.  (Minnick groans)  (intense music playing)  (rapid gunfire)  Damn it!  MINNICK: Well, I'm dead.  Shot a hostage.   Destroyed a family.  They'll sue you, the department, and the county.  You'll be put on leave,   then fired.  Start a new career   working the drive-through.  I didn't know he had a hostage.  You were anticipating, boot.  The whole point   of this exercise  is to enhance   your decision making,  cut down reaction time.  You're out here   trying to set a new record  for murdering civilians.  Think before you shoot.  How about you give me some tips  instead of telling me   how bad I'm doing?  I just did.  Now watch your tone   and try to listen.  It might save your life one day. Reset the course.  Let's go again.  ? ?  (man panting)  OPERATOR (over phone): 911.   Please state the nature   of your emergency.  WOMAN (softly):   There's someone in my house.  Please help me.  OPERATOR:   Stay calm, ma'am.   I'm here with you.  (drawers slamming)  OPERATOR:   I see you're calling   from 2416 Wonderland,  is that correct?  Yes.   Please hurry.  OPERATOR:   Dispatching units now.  MAN:   Two minutes!  ? ?  (pills rattling)  MAN: We gotta go!  There's two of them.  MAN:   Smile for the camera.  Oh, where did you get that?  MAN 2: Spoils of war.  (camera shutter clicking)  Let's bounce.  It's quiet tonight.  I was just thinking   the same thing.  I wonder which kind it is.  What do you mean?  If it's this the quiet  that comes after the storm or... or the one before it.  Isn't your Mom coming tomorrow?  Could be both.  I think we better assume  that the storm   isn't gonna pass.  Now, the only quiet   we can rightfully expect  is up to us.  And the moments we choose.  Like right now?  Like this very second.  (cell phone buzzing)  Ohh. (sighs)  -London.   -Yeah.  -Yeah.   -LONDON: Bill?  I'm at the West Hollywood home   that was burglarized tonight  and I'm calling in my favor.  BILL (over phone):   You sure about that?  There's plenty more days   till the ballot box.  You might wanna   keep that powder dry.  I was under the impression that  Sheriff Hollister never rested  when the safety   of LA County was at stake.  Don't get all sanctimonious   on me, Jerry.  Your face might get stuck   that way.  West Hollywood City Council   is up in arms.  Third break-in this week.  This time...   someone was inside.  So, you're gonna   help me out or not?  BILL: Yeah,   I hear you, all right?  I'll meet you at the hall,   first thing tomorrow.  My, you better get   your slicker, cowboy.  I sense a storm coming.  Let's get back   to that quiet moment.  ? ?  Why'd you send home   the responding deputies?  I thought this was   a pressing issue.  They filed their report.  I was hoping we could handle   the rest discreetly.  And why would we do that?  Bill, these people   are influential,  not just in the community.  We need to be respectful   of their privacy.  And I'm sure   it has nothing to do  with lining your   campaign pockets, right?  Not my pockets. Ours.  West Hollywood is   one of the department's   most lucrative contracts  and, between you and I,  they're considering a change.  (scoffs) We're not   the damn Pinkertons, Jerry.  We go where we're needed,   not to the highest bidder.  Look, I'll keep my word,  but I'm not helping you   get elected.  Remember, this is a favor.  -Who are you calling?   -Cavalry.  Oh...  (theme music playing)  (rattles)  Genevieve?  GENEVIEVE:   What do you want?  My clothes.  First day of Majors.   I can't be late.  -Can we please talk?   -(sighs)  Every time we talk, we fight.  BISHOP:   I don't wanna fight.  I love you.  You're my partner. I need   to be able to talk to you.  Then you shouldn't have   lied to me.  -I didn't lie!   -You told me you were a woman.  And now I hear   that's not the whole truth.  Actually you assumed   I was a woman,  and in what should   come as no surprise,  I'm a little more   complicated than that.  Look, Gen...  this is me   finally living my truth.  Being the most authentic   version of myself.  And I need you   to understand that.  I do.  I just...  I just feel like I don't know   who you are anymore.  I'm the same person   you fell in love with.  I haven't changed.  I'm still me. I'm just   a clearer version of me.  I need time to process this.  BILL: ...so residents   needs to be vigilant.  Keep your doors locked,  report any strange cars   parked outside,  and don't walk alone at night.  This goes for the whole county.  Just because they stuck   to West Hollywood  doesn't mean they   won't try new territory.  So everyone   needs to be on alert.  We can end this   before it gets worse.  -Thank you.   -(reporters clamoring)  That was about as unquiet   as you can make something.  Quiet is not   the right strategy.  It's gonna be a lot harder   for these guys  to hit another house  now that everyone knows   they're out there.  You got a real talent for  missing the big picture, Jerry.  Hey, man,   how'd it go this morning?  JOSEPH:   Hey. It went.  "It went"?   What does that mean?  You do what I told you to do?   You anticipate the corners?  Yeah. Yeah, I did.  And I shot the damn hostage.  Oh, man.  What are we gonna do with you?  Look, when I say   anticipate the corners,  I don't mean   "come out guns blazing."  What I mean is you gotta   have a picture in your head.  You gotta have   the worst-case scenario.  And you need to be   prepared for it.  -Does that make sense?   -Yeah. Yeah, I got it.  How'd Minnick react?  JOSEPH:   About how you'd expect.  I have a feeling   she's gonna be on me today.  Well, it sounds like   you're gonna have  plenty to vent about   tonight then.  You still wanna go shooting?  Yeah, but isn't the range   gonna be closed?  Who needs a range when we got  the back of a pickup   and a good arm?  If the badge   doesn't work for us,   who does it work for, man?  See you tonight.  ("Yo Pago Lo Mio"   by Sharlene playing)  MAGGIE:   Grandma, I love these   old pictures of Mom.  Mom, you were so pretty.  "Were"?  Your mom's never   not had it going on.  (speaking Spanish)  PAULA:   It's my favorite!  Ah, gracias, mama.  Have you two found inspiration?  Oh. This quincea?era's   gonna be awesome.  -Aw.   -GRANDMA: Maggie.  You're in good hands, baby.  Tu abuela, she knows   how to throw a party.  Yeah. And if you need proof,   just look at those pictures  'cause that was a fun party.  And you, you're in   good hands, too, mi vida.  I wanna know   how my baby's holding up.  Ah.  I see what this visit's   really about.  You're checking in on me.  I'm checking in on everybody.  Tambien el sheriff.  We're fine!  Hey.  You lie to your mother, too?  -I plead the fifth.   -I'm not lying.  Wait, what are you lying about?  Mm. Those huevos,   they smell delicious.  Yeah, yeah, right.   This isn't over.  No, it isn't, mija.  JOSEPH: Man.  West Hollywood   is where it's at.  Hmm. Don't get used to it.  We're only here   because of elections.  What do you mean?  Never mind.   Tell me what you found.  Aight, whoever this was,  they avoided   the home security cameras  long enough to unplug the Wi-Fi, knocked out the entire system.  Smart houses   can't save dumb people.  We should run down the suspects  and see who matches the M.O.  Can't be a lot of operators   willing to risk that drive.  Outsiders are taking   a huge gamble  in a community like this.  Hey, it must have been   worth it though.  Look at what they took.  Had the homeowner compile a list of everything they stole.  Bunch of electronics,   jewelry...  They took a gun.  (Cade laughs)  Is it supposed to   sound like that?  I call it "galloping horses."  It's a good thing.  Good. See, we're doing good.  -(keyboard keys clack)   -(beeps)  You've have a healthy kid   in there.  I'll see you   in a few weeks, okay?  Okay. Thank you.  -(sighs in relief)   -Hey.  You heard her. Healthy kid.  We couldn't ask   for a better report.  No, I-I know. It's just...  Oh, God, everything   that we've been through,  I want it to stay that way.  I know.  Me too.   We got this, okay?  It's gonna be fine.  I can't wait to show the kids.  CADE (chuckles):   I'm showing everybody.  (chuckles)  He's got his momma's nose.  How do you know it's a he?  That ain't no leg, pal.  (laughs)  No, he, she, doesn't matter.  Doctor said the word, "healthy," that's all I care about.  -Congratulations, brother.   -Thanks.  So I heard you on the news   on the way in.  What's popping off   in West Hollywood?  Series of residential   burglaries, high-end.  But last night   they stepped it up.  The house wasn't empty.  Homeowner's a mess.  City council wants it   solved quick.  So does London.  Whoa, whoa, whoa,   what's London   got to do with it?  He called in a favor.  He's gunning for your job   and you're doing him favors?  I keep my word.  How can I help?  Talk to the homeowner,   see what you can learn.  Also, they seem very familiar  with the home security systems.  Could be a lead there.  I'm not really a computer guy.   You know that.  Well, use Bishop.  This is right up her alley.  Keep me posted, all right?  All right. Will do.  See you, Dad.  (Cade laughs)  CADE: No time for   training wheels. You're up.  BISHOP:   What do you need?  Your brain on these   West Hollywood burglaries.  They're getting around   the home security.  -I need you to figure out how.   -All right.  Most of these cloud-based   systems have a back door  for law enforcement.  I'll make some calls.  All right. Hit me up   when you find something.  Copy.  You really think they're pawning $20,000 watches here?  Well, they're not gonna put 'em  in the front window.  So they're fencing, too.  Keep up, boot.  (indistinct   police radio chatter)  What a coincidence.  Everything's half off today.  Law enforcement special.  What a coincidence.  Half your inventory is hot.  You seen any of these?  Can't say I have.  You didn't really do   a thorough check.  MINNICK: Don't make me   pull your slips, Sally.  I'd hate to see your license   hit a snag with renewal.  (sighs)  (scoffs) If these   came through here,  shop'd be closed   and I'd be in Vegas.  All right, what about   any other shops?  I'll make some calls for you  but I doubt   someone outside my network  is trying to move those   without me knowing.  Okay, well, if you   hear something,  you give me a call me.  Especially if   that gun shows up.  Will do, Deputy.  WOMAN: They just came in   like they owned the place.  What was mine was theirs.  I'm sorry you had   to go through that.  How you holdin' up?  I can't sleep.  I can't be here.  I'm gonna go visit my parents   on the East Coast  after we're done here.  I don't know if I'll come back.  They wanna take   your power away.  Don't let 'em.  (voice breaking):   I was so scared.  When you hear about   people being tied up  or hurt inside their own home  and you wonder   what they went through  in their final minutes.  Hey, you're safe now.  And you have a chance   to stop this from happening  to somebody else.  And I need your help to do that. -Anything you need.   -CADE: Okay.  The last two houses they hit,   nobody was home,  that's usually planned,   obviously,  but did they ring your bell  or do anything   before they came in?  No.  Nothing like that.  By the time I heard 'em,  they were already   inside the house.  Are you normally at home   on a night like last night?  WOMAN: No.  Wait.  Are you saying that  they would have   been watching me?  (door opens)  Thank you, Sonya.  Sheriff Hollister.   Thanks for seeing us.  Mayor. Council Member.  This meeting's long overdue.  Well, your predecessor   made time to visit us.  Well, he's not   around anymore, is he?  Bradford and I,   we had our differences,  but I respected him.  I sure as hell   respect this job,  now that I've had   my time in the barrel.  Speaking of which,  I hear you all might be...  seeking other arrangements.  Who told you that?  Oh, come on, we all know   exactly who told him that.  Jerry London asked   for our endorsement  before Bradford   was even in the ground.  -So I take it   you didn't offer.   -MAYOR: No.  And that's why we're gonna put   our support and our money  behind the   Sheriff Hollister candidacy.  Oh, slow down now.  I haven't even   said I'm running.  Well, let your constituents   convince you.  Talk to some of   our community activists.  You're a man   of the people, right?  WOMAN (on tape):   There's someone in my house.  OPERATOR (on tape):   Stay calm, ma'am.  I see you're calling   from 2416 Wonderland,  is that correct?  WOMAN (on tape): Yes.   Please hurry.  -Hello.   -(keys clacking)  (garbled voices)  OPERATOR (on tape):   ...2416 Wonderland,   is that correct?  WOMAN (on tape):   Yes. Please hurry.  (keys clacking)  (garbled voices)  (camera shutter clicks on tape)  (keys clacking)  (camera shutter clicks on tape)  MAN 1 (on tape):   Smile for the camera.  -Smile for the camera.  - (camera shutter clicks on tap) Smile for the camera, boys.  (keys clacking)  (cell phone chiming)  -(cell phone beeps)   -What's the good word?  They're documenting their   break-ins. Taking pictures.  So I ran a keyword search   of Flocking, Licks, Come Ups,  residential burgs   and home invasion lingo.  What I found isn't good.  They've got a spam page   detailing their crimes.  Well done, Bishop.  Now send me what you found.  People are following this?  BISHOP:   I think it's more than that.  I found another account   posting pictures, too.  A group out of Bakersfield.  They're competing.  (cell phone dings)  CADE: We need to   get ahead of these guys,  knock 'em off their game.  ("La Dieta" by Sharlene playing) You know I'm not   getting married, right?  A quincea?era is   much more important, baby.  I mean, it's celebrating   you becoming your own woman.  Okay, you're getting intense.  I can't help it.  All right. Tell me...   Tell me about your court.  Who's representing you?  -Um...   -(keypad beeping)  That's Suki. And Taylor.  Tell me about the boys.  -Julian and Cameron.   -Yes...?  Grandma, it's not   like that, okay?  -We're...   -(cell phone beeps)  ...uh, just friends,   like, since we were kids.  (keypad beeping)  What about the one   you're texting?  What's his name?  Wyatt.  -Tu novio?   -Stop it!  Can we talk about   something else?  CADE: Hey.  The break-in crew   in West Hollywood  is competing with   another group in Bakersfield.  And they're posting evidence   the entire way.  Can you track 'em?  No, I can't get up   on their tech.  They're using a laptop   with ISP masking.  And they're brazen,   millennial tech types,  educated, but not   hardened crooks.  Well, if they were smart,   they'd mix things up a bit.  Hit a different neighborhood.  Yeah, that might jeopardize   their canvass strategy.  You know, they found a way   to blend in.  This is bigger   than we thought, too.  It's two groups   competing at once,  but I've got at least 11 teams  from California, Nevada,   and Arizona  actively looting   over the last year.  Well, if they've got resources,  that would explain  why they haven't pawned   any of the items they stole.  They don't need to.  No, their reward   is bragging rights.  Who gets more   "likes" and "follows."  That's the competition   that's driving them.  Problem with competition  is things start to   get out of hand.  Egos get in the way,   crimes escalate.  It's only a matter of time   before someone uses that gun.  We need an ID now, Bishop.  On it, sir.  West Hollywood has   always prided itself  on being welcoming   to everyone,  let's extend that   to Sheriff Hollister.  Thank you.  I'm not one for stump speeches.  So, I'd just like to say   that my department is proud  to serve West Hollywood.  Now, it's been brought to  my attention that past sheriffs, who shall remain nameless,  have avoided public scrutiny.  So if any of you have   any questions,  now's your chance.  Sheriff.  Zoe Janeczko here.  Neighborhood watch commander.  What can we do to stop   the home invaders  that are terrorizing   the community?  Why have they not been caught?  Our tax dollars pay your salary, which is not small.  I looked it up.  Well, Zoe, first of all,   thank you for your service.  At this very moment,  we are out in force   setting up check points.  And trust that more than   your fair share of resources  will be put toward   solving these crimes.  But we need to think beyond   the scope of our daily lives.  It's just as important   that the Sheriff's Department  establish relationships   in communities  that don't have   money and influence.  Likewise, folks of   higher financial status  need to understand  that not everyone in a uniform   works for them personally.  Trust is earned.  And I will always   work for yours.  I hope you feel the same way.  Any other questions?  Thank you, Sheriff Hollister.   We are lucky to have you.  -Well, that was easy.   -(laughter)  Thanks, everyone.   Appreciate it.  MAYOR: Bill.  You handled that well.  -Thanks, Mayor.   -Hollister.  You and I both know   you're the man for the job.  Listen, if you decide   to jump in,  you have our support.   I hope you do.  Thank you, Mayor.  Thank you.  Pool guy comes twice a week,  -but never goes inside.   -(cell phone buzzing)  You need to get that?  No. Uh, it's okay.  A little trouble   on the home front?  (sighs)   You could say that.  Word of advice,   get ahead of it.  It's harder to stop something  that's been going downhill   for too long, trust me.  Believe me,   I've been trying to.  She won't let me.  Genevieve, right?  Didn't you move from DC   for this girl?  Yeah.  She's probably worth   more than, "trying to."  (monitor beeps)  -We got 'em.   -(keyboard keys clacking)  See, the part   I still don't understand  is how they manage to avoid  the interior cameras long enough to unplug the Wi-Fi.  That'd be really difficult   to case from the street.  It's 'cause they weren't   on the street.  They've been   in these houses before.  ? ?  MAN:   You got the router, right?  WOMAN: What are you...   You!  Shane, what are   you doing here?  MASKED MAN:   Let's go, let's go, let's go.  WOMAN:   I'm calling your parents.  SHANE: Put your phone down.   Put your phone down!  MASKED MAN:   What did you just do?  What do you expect me to do?   She saw my face!  MASKED MAN: Yeah, but we're not  supposed to hurt anybody.  Come on, come on,   let's go, let's go!  What are you waiting for?   Let's go!  Looks like   they got interrupted.  Shell casings match   the stolen gun.  CADE:   There's no turning back now.  These guys are driven by ego  and once they become shooters,  all bets are off.  It's about   self-preservation.  Wi-Fi is still up.  We should have him   on the camera.  (buzzes)  Hey. How can I help?  Hey, what do you need   from me to ID a system  so we can get through   on that backdoor?  Take a picture of the back  of the router and send it to me. Copy.  How'd they get through   the checkpoint?  I thought the only people   allowed in were locals.  It's probably 'cause they live   in the neighborhood.  (camera shutter clicks)  (keyboard keys clacking)  (tape rewinding)  (keys clacking)  Hey, I got a face.  It looks like   the shooter is a teenager.  Perfect.   Cocky and impulsive kid.  This could get a lot worse   before it gets better.  You need to ID that kid   and his partner now.  BILL: Your burglars   are wealthy teenagers  who just shot   one of their own neighbors.  We know Shane Kelley   was the shooter.  And based on social media   comparisons,  we're pretty sure that's   his partner, Brendan Mitchell.  I know Brendan.  His father is a partner  at one of the biggest law firms  in the county.  This is a good family, Bill.  Maybe someone   put them up to it.  "Put them up to it"?  They didn't steal   a six-pack, Jerry.  We're talking about   a home invasion.  Attempted murder.  I'm not saying Shane   shouldn't be arrested,  I'm just saying maybe there's   a deal to be cut with Brendan.  He's got his whole life   ahead of him.  Give his parents a chance   to correct his behavior.  If these weren't the kids   of prospective donors,  would you be   going easy on 'em?  We are the people   who draw the line, Jerry.  If we don't enforce   the laws for everyone,  what's the damn point?  (sirens wailing)  (indistinct chatter)  Why did you have to   shoot her, man?  Your dad will get us off.  -It was an accident!   -Are you high?  You pulled out the gun,   you aimed it at her,  and you pulled the trigger.  -They can't touch us.   -Really?  Because they're   outside this house.   It is over!  I'm not giving up   and neither are you!  We're becoming legends!  Winner takes all.  Clear the house.   Watch your six.  (cell phone ringing)  (grunts)  We've got a runner.   He's heading north.  This is David 4 Frank 5.   I'm heading north.  (tires screech)  (Cade grunts)  (grunting)  ? ?  Nine-nine-eight.   Suspect down.  He's alive.  Why didn't you wake me?  It thought you needed   the rest, honey.  Yeah, I haven't been   sleeping right lately.  I even found Bill on the sofa  a couple of nights  because of my tossing   and turning.  Tell me, what are your, uh,   nightmares about?  Mommy.  I didn't say I was   having nightmares.  I said that I wasn't   sleeping right.  Okay, listen to me.  You're allowed   to be affected, mi vida.  No one's gonna hold it   against you.  M?rame.  Everything is fine.  You know what?  Do you know what I was   before being a mother?  A woman.  Okay? And I can see it   in your eyes, baby,  that not everything is okay.  You can lie to your patients,   lie your friends.  Hell, you can even   lie to Bill, but...  I birthed you, okay?  And I'm waiting for you  to be honest with me.  What do you want me to say?  That I can't sleep at night  because I'm worried   about my husband?  Or that I'm trying to be   strong for my daughter,  when right now I don't even know if I could be strong for myself. Yes.  Because you're being   honest, baby, okay?  And it makes you realize   you're a human being,  and it's okay to be afraid.  Just know that I'm here for you. Mami, I know.  You've always  been there for me, always.  And I love you for it.   Come here.  Aw.   Ay, my girls.  Yeah, come on, quincea?era.  Listen, I know I haven't  been around the last few months  but, oh, my God so much   has changed around here.  I mean, look at Mags.  I know. My little baby's   not a baby anymore.  I know.  I'm surprised   that the sheriff is okay  with her having a boyfriend.  Excuse me?  What?  (gasps)  Maggie!  She's at the mall.  She's with her boyfriend. Wyatt. Wyatt. Oh.  Well, Bill's gonna   kill Wyatt.  -REPORTERS: Sheriff. Sheriff.   -(camera shutters clicking)  Today, LA Sheriff's Deputies   arrested two suspects  tied to the recent string   of home invasions  in the hills of West Hollywood.  One suspect was shot.  He was taken to   UCLA Medical Center,  where he'll undergo surgery.  Some people rob   out of desperation.  Some to feed their habit.  These kids in particular   had money and status.  Yet still,   a hole grew inside of them.  When people who have the most,  care the least...  well, that's a bigger problem.  One that we can't solve.  So it's everybody's   responsibility  to teach our children   what all this means.  And that we're in it together.  Thank you.  REPORTERS:   Thank you, Sheriff.  BILL: I did my part   and I'm walking away.  What happens next   to this kid is up to you.  Let's take him down to booking.  ? ?  (pop music playing)  BISHOP:   Hey, Gen.  Hey.  You avoid my calls all day   then you just show up?  Thought we could celebrate.  I had a really good first day.  It can't always be on your time  and on your terms.  Okay, well, I would  like it to be on our terms.  But things have been   a little bit chaotic lately.  This is exactly why   I didn't tell you sooner.  I was afraid of things   turning out like this.  I'm a lesbian.  A woman who likes women.  And if you're not a woman,   what does that mean for me?  For us?  Well, I can't tell you   what that means for you,  but for us, I know that I   have to bring my whole self  to this relationship.  Where are you going?  Calling a ride.   I'm going home.  Quite a stunt   you pulled, Sheriff.  I wanna be up-front with you.  About what, now?  I talked to your friends  over at the West Hollywood   City Council.  And?  They never   had any intention  of shopping out   our contract.  They just told you that   to keep you in check.  There is one candidate they seem very excited about, though.  (scoffs)  So, you're running now?  Nothing's ever completely   off the table, Jerry.  Good night.  Pull!  (hip hop music playing)  -Damn, man.   -(laughing)  Drink, bitch.  I think it's safe to say   that after today,  there's no way   Minnick can tank your evals.  Ugh.   Oh, God.  Yeah, but I still wouldn't   put it past her.  Dude, you saved her life.  She would've done   the same for me.  Okay.  So what's up with you   and that girl?  -You guys good?   -It didn't really work out.  Yeah.  She wanted me to lock it down.  But, you know,   I can't be tamed.  Man, you are so cold for that.  Oh, come on, man.  You really imagine me   w-with a wife  and a couple of rug rats   running around?  What about you?  Nah. Nah, I'm good.  Oh, please.  What, man?   I'm serious, man.  I-I don't have time   for a relationship.  Is that right?  You mean to tell me   there's not even anyone  on your radar right now?  There's no one   in the picture, but...  I may have somebody in mind.  LONDON:   Where did you find this?  I'd rather not reveal   my sources.  But I can assure you   every piece of information  has been confirmed.  I truly appreciate   your efforts.  MINNICK: If I may...  It's my understanding   Sheriff Hollister  has no plans of running   for reelection.  I don't see how anything   in that file can be of use.  I consider this   my insurance policy.  Thank you, Deputy Minnick.  Cade.  What happened?   What's wrong?  Roberto and Camilla's   social worker called.  Their grandmother   contacted DCFS.  Grandmother?  Yeah, she wants to see them.  I contacted a friend   in family law, I just...  We gotta...   We gotta protect the kids.  We just got them settled.  Hey, it's okay, it's okay.   It's okay, all right?  We're gonna figure it out.   Don't worry.  that you were non-binary?  I didn't have a term for it  but I knew that something   about me was different.  But that doesn't change   how I feel about you.  I know we can get through this.  But you don't.  I don't know if I can...  (sighs)  -Pull over.   -DRIVER: Are you sure?  -We're on the freeway.   -I will not do this anymore.  Pull over!  Just so that we're clear...  I wanted your acceptance,  but I did not need   your acceptance.  ? You promised the world   and I fell for it ?  ? I put you first   and you adored it ?  ? Set fires to my forest ?  ? And you let it burn ?  ? Sang off-key in my chorus ?  ? 'Cause it wasn't yours ?  ? Yeah ?  ? We'd always go   into it blindly ?  ? I needed to lose you   to find me ?  ? This dance,   it was killing me softly ?  (screams)  ? I needed to hate you   to love me, yeah ?  ? To love, love, yeah ?  ? To love, love, yeah ?  ? To love, yeah ?  ? I needed to lose you   to love me, yeah ?  BILL: Hey, Mags.  Hey, Dad.   Mom said you wanted me?  BILL: Yeah.  (sighs)  I need a favor.  This gelding   needs a light touch.  And that ain't me.  You wanna hop on up?  Apply some pressure   to his side, will ya?  Okay. I've trained   horses before.  I know, I just thought you could help out your old man.  You know,   when you're training a horse,  what we're really doing   is forming a partnership.  Aren't we?  You're building a trust.  But in order to do that...  You have to have patience.  And if you're not   patient enough...  -You get thrown.   -(cell phone buzzing)  BILL: Exactly.  (buzzing continues)  Yeah.  (Maggie sighs)  And where are you?  ? ?  (Bishop panting)  What the hell   are you doing, Bishop?  It's over, Sheriff.  The veil has been lifted!  Excuse me, but you're gonna   have to help me out here.  Doc took a look.  Wrote a little F   on my birth certificate,  and ever since that moment  the whole world has   viewed me as a woman.  Well, aren't you?  No. Sheriff, I'm not.  I'm not a woman,   but I'm not a man, either.  Something other than   those two.  My gender is non-binary.  And Genevieve   couldn't accept that.  I... I wasn't   who she thought I was.  Why don't you tell me   who you are, then?  I'm not she or her,  or even him,  I'm they and them.  Those are my pronouns.  Well, you know...  that you never   have to be anything  but yourself with me, right?  (Bishop sniffles)  Thank you.  And I'm gonna be honest,  I'm still learning   exactly who I am,  but for now...  I've gotta stop being   who I'm not.  Well, I might   mess up sometimes.  I'll remind you.  Why don't we get off   the freeway, huh?  So what am I   supposed to call you now?  Bishop. Just Bishop.  Just Bishop.  Okay.  (sighs)  So what now?  The world's your oyster.  No masks.  Just Bishop.  Hey.  You live your truth.  End of the day,  it's all we got.  Let me get you home.  (engine starts)  (theme music playing)  Captioned by Point.360  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 