America Unearthed: Season 4, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 America Unearthed 
 s4e4 - The Ripper Unmasked - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 America Unearthed (2012–…): Season 4, Episode 4 - The Ripper Unmasked - full transcript 
 Jack the Ripper has never been identified, but Scott Wolter receives new evidence that suggests the infamous killer was Sherlock Holmes author Arthur Conan Doyle, whose alleged murders may have been part of a dark Freemasonic ritual. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪ [ both laugh ] [ footsteps ] ♪♪ ♪♪ [ footsteps ] ♪♪ ♪♪ [ crows caw ] [ gasps ] [ gasps ] 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪♪ [ squish ] Wolter: The history that we were all taught growing up is wrong. My name is scott wolter, and I'm a forensic geologist. There's a hidden history in this country that nobody knows about. There are pyramids here, Chambers, tombs, inscriptions. They're all over this country. We're gonna investigate these artifacts and sites, And we're gonna get to the truth. Sometimes, history isn't what we've been told. AMERICA UNEARTHED - SEASON 4 EP - 4 - The Ripper Unmasked ♪♪ ♪♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Any good detective will tell you, To unmask a serial killer, You have to put yourself in his shoes. Cut the throat. ♪♪ And the killer I'm trying to identify is jack the ripper. He's a fiend who I'm fascinated with. Now... The main cut up the middle of the body. Why? In recent months, as headlines show, There have been a bunch of new suspects, But I think one key detail has been overlooked... The probability that the ripper Was a long-ago member of the freemasons, A secretive group I know a lot about And belong to, myself, today. It's been almost 150 years Since a spate of bloody murders in london, England, Were attributed to a single stealthy killer Who left at least four women mutilated and dead And the enigmatic scotland yard perplexed. My investigation not only led me here To this operating theater in london, But to a new suspect who just might be One of the most famous freemasons of all. All this started three weeks ago when I met a father and son Who practiced medicine on long island Who showed me evidence based on medical research. ♪♪ ♪♪ Well, dan and gene, thank you for taking some time here. You know, I've done a little research on jack the ripper. They called them the white chapel murders Because they happened in that district of london. In the late summer and early fall of 1888, London was thrown into utter chaos By a series of four murders Taken place against women of a certain class. You said four murders. What I've read is that there were five murders. I believe that murder number five was just a copycat killing. Jack the ripper terrorized the streets Of working-class london, Killing part-time prostitutes. During four frightening months, At least four such women fell victim to the killer's blade... Mary nichols, annie chapman, elizabeth stride, And catherine eddowes. ♪♪ But the murderer didn't just kill them. He mutilated and even eviscerated them, quickly... Some say with the skill of a surgeon. There's been over 100 suspects that have been named, But you guys seem to think you've got it figured out. Yes, we think we do. Who is it? The ripper is arthur conan doyle. Arthur conan doyle. Born in scotland in 1859, arthur conan doyle is famous For creating the enduring character of sherlock holmes, The detective. But before he became an author, Doyle was actually a doctor, Something many people don't know. You think he's jack the ripper? 100%. Why? When I went to pick up a scientific journal Off the shelf when I was studying for my medical boards, It happened to have an article That detailed his thesis paper from 1885, And that paper was on syphilis. I think doyle's father had syphilis. And where do you get syphilis from? You get it from prostitutes. So, your thesis is is that because his father had syphilis, Probably got it from a prostitute, He harbored some bad feelings towards prostitutes. Wolter: Arthur conan doyle's father Suffered a severe illness in his later life, Spending 12 years in a mental asylum. But the friedmans think he was misdiagnosed, As his neurological problems and other ailments Suggested a chronic syphilis infection, A sexually transmitted disease He could have caught from a prostitute. The ripper victims were allegedly prostitutes, But how strong is this as a motive? Doyle may have thought that he was going to get syphilis Or that he already had it. He was taking a medication That was only used to treat syphilis On himself in double the dose. Heredity at that time was thought to be lamarckian, Which means your father could give it to you. So, with arthur conan doyle, you've got a motive... Syphilis, right? What other evidence do you have to pin it on him? He was a natural-born killer. He would get involved in street fights. He stabbed his prep school roommate on the first day. He beat his mother's lodger to within an inch of his life, Which required a 23-day recovery period. This is a self-portrait drawn by doyle Once he graduated from medical school. The caption says it all. Now, this is a self-portrait? Yes. "licensed to kill"? Licensed to kill, Which is a totally inappropriate comment to make, Unless you truly meant it. Arthur conan doyle was a skilled surgeon. ♪♪ He could cut open a body and find a uterus and take it out Without damaging any of the other organs around it, A skill that the ripper happened to have, too. Doyle was 28 or 29 years old. The descriptions of the ripper Were a man of about 28 to 30 years of age. Doyle always wore a red muffler and a navy pea coat. That was the only valid description Given of the ripper at the time of the crime. Okay. He had the physical attributes to do it, And he had the motive to do it. Arthur conan doyle... One thing I can definitely tell you about him Is that he was a freemason. And I'm a freemason. Well, that's exactly why we asked to talk to you. Wolter: The freemasons are a fraternal society organized Into groups called lodges across the world. Steeped in mystery because of tightly held rituals, Freemasonry originated in 17th-century England, Before being brought to america, Where early members included george washington And benjamin franklin. Dan: Arthur conan doyle did join the masons in 1887, And he rose up the ranks pretty quickly. We saw the parallels between a masonic ritual And what jack the ripper was able to commit on the streets. You're making some parallels between masonic ritual And what happened to the victims. The way I saw those ripper murders, They were almost identical. ♪♪ Wolter: As a mason myself, I can tell you that mercy, Not murder, is at the center of everything we believe. But could freemason arthur conan doyle Really be a merciless serial killer? Do you think there's some type of a connection Between the ripper murders and freemasonry? That is correct. That's our take on that. When he became a third-degree mason, I think doyle just happened to be reading The material that he was given. Wolter: Masonic initiates like conan doyle Would have been introduced to secret rituals As they advanced through the degrees of the order. Some of the victims' wounds that dan described Were consistent with ancient symbolic penalties Familiar to freemasons for those who violated their vows. Others were symbols used by esoteric members of the order, Like the v's carved into catherine eddowes' face. Freemasonry certainly doesn't condone murder, I mean, not even in the least. But that's not to say that somebody couldn't go rogue. Well, that's exactly what I think happened there. A great line that doyle uses in one of his stories, "the speckled band", is, "when a doctor goes wrong, He's the first of criminals. He has nerve, and he has knowledge." Well, doyle is a doctor who has gone wrong And who had all this knowledge Of the freemasons up in his head. In addition to doyle, there have been other freemasons Accused of being jack the ripper. In the 1970s, a sensational claim suggested william gull, A freemason insurgent to queen victoria, was jack the ripper, And he murdered the victims to cover up A royal prince's scandalous affair. A more recent book said that a michael maybrick, A freemason and famed singer, Killed the ripper victims. [ gasps ] Today, both theories have often been debunked or criticized, But the potential freemasonic ties to the murders Can't be ignored. To tie it into the freemasons, The first suspect was named leather apron. Obviously, freemasons, we wear leather aprons. There's been a lot of speculation That it could have been a freemason clue there. This could be a clue. Leather aprons are ritual garments worn by freemasons Which often show their rank in the order. London newspapers ran articles Describing the white chapel murderer as leather apron At the time of the killings. Of the ripper, one witness said, "the distinguishing feature of his costume is a leather apron, Which he always wears. His expression is sinister and seems to be full of terror For the women who describe it." This is what a masonic apron looks like. It's actually a very sacred item to all masons. I mean, once you receive your leather apron, You are now fully vested as a master mason. If doyle was a mason, and he was a murderer, It's possible he may have incorporated Some of the symbolism in freemasonry Into some aspects of his killings. It's also possible That if he wore his apron during the killings, As the term leather apron may suggest, There could be blood of the victims on it. Dna could be the clearest evidence yet, Proving a connection between arthur conan doyle And the ripper. Today, doyle's apron is part of a collection in a chicago museum Along with other things that will help me learn more About arthur conan doyle himself, And that's where I'm going next. ♪♪ Dan's joining me, as he's eager to see If I can help him find evidence for his theory, Especially after seeing a recent headline Making claims to have identified the ripper As someone other than arthur conan doyle. Before we go in, I have something to show you. Sure, not a problem at all. There's an article here about an aaron kosminski Who they've identified as the ripper Based on a shawl that was found at the crime scene, And dna of semen ties it to him. Have you heard about this? It's absolute nonsense. First of all, as you know, None of the ripper's victims were sexually assaulted. There should be no semen left behind at the crime scene. Not only that, sotheby's dates that shawl From being manufactured after 1900. The murders took place in 1888. I'll tell you what we do have. We potentially have dna on a masonic apron In this building. I say we go check it out. I say you're right. ♪♪ Before we even get to the apron, Which I've been granted access to test for blood Using brand-new, non-invasive technology, I can't help but admire some of the other things In the doyle collection. Wolter: What we're looking at here are two copies Of the first edition of the sherlock holmes novel Written by doyle. This was first published in 1888, The same year as the ripper killings. There's a famous line that he wrote in this book, "there's a scarlet thread of murder Running through the colorless skin of life, And it is our job, indeed, our duty To uncover it or to expose it." Kind of like we're doing here In the ripper investigation, right? Very much. There's one other interesting scene That doyle writes about in this book, And that is he identifies a freemason By the compass and square on his ring, Which I also have right here. Yes. Well, as cool as all these things are, This is what we came to see. This is doyle's masonic apron, And it's definitely a master mason's apron. It's got leather, of course, And I have to say, something jumps out at me right away. Look at these stains right here. Yeah, even down here, there's a stain. Right there, too. And I have to say, my first thought is it could be blood. Possibility. How do you feel looking at his apron? You know, I look at this, and I say, "here's a man... I know he worked hard to get this, and once he received it, He basically resigned from the lodge And didn't show up for the meetings." If he was the ripper, in his mind, he was done, So he checked out of masonry and checked into murder. ♪♪ Lee, this is dan. - Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you, as well. Alright. ♪♪ Well, lee, I have worked with xrf guns before. I mainly looked at metallic objects and metallic alloys, But if these spots indeed are blood, will this pick it up? Yeah. Primarily, it will see the iron From the hemoglobulin that's in the blood. Wolter: This prototype xrf gun Picks up more detailed signatures of metals Than any other on the market. But, lee, how about if doyle washed it? If he washed it, a lot of it could have been removed. That's a possibility. But I can see a stain there, So it obviously wasn't too good of a wash. Ready? Ready. Alright, here we go. ♪♪ ♪♪ Alright, what do we got? Alright, let's see. So, what I see first and foremost, We've got a very strong sulfur signal. Got a little bit of zinc coming up. Zinc? Zn, zinc, yeah. But unfortunately, no blood. If we had blood, we should see an iron peak? Should see a little bit more iron, yes. Okay. Dan: Not finding blood on the apron Doesn't really change my mind-set About doyle being jack the ripper. It just means that he wasn't kind of carrying this apron With him when he committed the crimes. Clearly, there's a connection Between the ripper murders and freemasonry. If you're right that arthur conan doyle was jack the ripper, Then he clearly got away with murder. The lack of any victim's dna on doyle's masonic apron Isn't a dead end. As his character sherlock holmes once said, "it is a capital mistake To theorize in advance of the facts," And right now, I need to find more of them To support the friedmans' theory In the city doyle once called home. ♪♪ ♪♪ I'm meeting a fellow freemason here in london Who says he has a potential clue to the case Steps away from doyle's front door. Sir arthur conan doyle actually lived On this street for a while. Wolter: So here is where he wrote A lot of his sherlock holmes mysteries, right? Yeah. And he lived here in 1891 For about a year or so, and he practiced medicine. And didn't work out, So he went on to bigger and better things In the literary world. ♪♪ ♪♪ Well, I see a sign that says sherlock mews. Is that what I'm looking for? Sherlock mews. Well, baker street is just down there, And you've probably heard of 221b. 221b baker street is sherlock holmes' fictional home Where he would have met with his partner, dr. Watson, A character doyle created Based on a brother from his freemasonic lodge. And there's something incredible On the intersection with baker street. I'm ready. Where is it? Straight down there. Well, that's a cross Carved into the curb stone. I'm gonna take a look at this. I have a handy flashlight here. ♪♪ It's quite weathered. Mm-hmm. It kind of looks like a jerusalem cross, doesn't it? A jerusalem cross, yeah, that's right, yeah. There's plenty of these littered around this area. Yeah. What do you think of the significance? Well, they're called the london curb stones. And no one really knows the purpose. It's a bit of a mystery. This has got to be probably at least a century old. My first thought is that the people that put these in Probably were stonemasons. Yeah. Maybe they used the ancient tradition of stonemasons Where they would mark their stones. As a freemason, I often get the question, "are stonemasons and freemasons the same thing?" The answer is no, but there is a link. Stonemasons are laborers who craft things from rough stone And often mark their work with distinct symbols. Freemasons are just a social brotherhood, But they use some of the same symbols the stonemasons use To represent principles and ideals. Right there. Yep. That's two right there. Mm-hmm. Here's your cluster going. Yep. Oh, my gosh. Look at this. Two x's, and they have dots right here, right? Yep. Wow. In freemasonry, the x stands for transformation, But it's the v symbols carved into one of the curbs I'm interested in. Over time, a v has been used to symbolize many things... The number five or v for victory, As in winston churchill's famous world war ii campaign. But for certain esoteric freemasons, It is an ancient symbol That stands for the reverence of women. A set of double-v shapes appear on the curb stones And on the face of ripper victim catherine eddowes. As a freemason, doyle would have had knowledge Of all these symbols and more. So, what do you think this all means, these carvings? Well, it could be a number of things, But there is one place that I'd like to take you now... Okay. ...That might reveal the answer. Alright. Let's go. Right here. There's one right there, yeah. Right there. Yeah. Another jerusalem cross. There's another one right there. That's two. There's another? Yeah, right there. Yep. Well, this almost like a bread crumb trail. And I can't believe where it leads... Straight to freemasonic headquarters. ♪♪ Are you telling me that these symbols led us To the united grand lodge on England? ♪♪ ♪♪ Wolter: When I look up from the mysterious curb carvings, I realize I'm staring at a place Arthur conan doyle likely would have known well... The oldest masonic grand lodge in the world. These symbols led us right here to the grand lodge. Imagine that. Right to the front door. Amazing coincidence, but maybe not a coincidence. Yeah, well, fascinating, really. These carvings... you know, when I look at them, Maybe a little over a century? Yep. Late 19th century, early 20th century, something like that. If we do go back that far, This is about the time of jack the ripper. Yeah, that's right. I asked the grand lodge what its position is On the curb stones and doyle, And they would only give me their response in writing. They're sticking to the stonemason Versus the freemason theory for who carved the stones, But what intrigues me more is this statement. "there is very little documentary evidence Relating to conan doyle Despite there being careful record-keeping by his lodge." To me, I think there is no question He was not an active mason or was in poor standing. And the fact that he became a freemason The year before the ripper killings And fell off the radar the year after seems suspicious. There are people who believe that the freemasons Were involved in the jack the ripper killings. I mean, do you think that's a possibility? A rogue guy perhaps? A rogue guy, A rogue loner. Yeah. Yeah. It's all about evidence at the end of the day. ♪♪ One piece of key evidence to consider Is whether freemason arthur conan doyle Looked anything like the ripper suspect Who walked these streets. ♪♪ One eyewitness account of the ripper Appeared in a london newspaper, Showing a man with a knife escaping into this... The tower subway, which runs under the thames, But closed when the tower bridge opened up. I promised dan friedman I would update him on my investigation, But I want to ask him more About the physical description of the suspect. ♪♪ Hi, dan. How are you? Doing good, scott. I want to ask you about something. The suspect was described as having dark hair, A mustache, a dark suit, and about 30 years old. How does this match with doyle at that time? He was 29, sporting a mustache, And he always wore a suit. That's very interesting. One second. Right now, I'm sending you a side-by-side comparison Of a composite sketch of the ripper Based on some of those eyewitness accounts, And doyle at around the same time. I'm sending it to your e-mail now, actually. Let's see what this guy looks like. ♪♪ That's a spot-on match. Dan, that's... that's amazing. That's really close. The composite sketch of jack the ripper Was created a decade ago based on eyewitness accounts. Seeing its striking similarity To an image of arthur conan doyle Builds the case that the famous writer was the killer. So, where are you headed to now? Tomorrow, I've been able to get special access At the archives in london To look at letters written by the ripper. What I'd like to do is take a look at these letters And see if any of them Match some of doyle's known handwriting. He was a prolific writer. I can take those examples and hopefully see If I can find a connection between doyle and the ripper. ♪♪ ♪♪ I've got a sample of conan doyle's handwriting, And I'm meeting up with ripper historian lindsay siviter. My goal is to see if doyle's handwriting Is a match to the handwriting of the jack the ripper letters. If it is a match, then it's possible doyle wrote them And was the ripper. Siviter: This is the national archives. They have 11 million documents. Wow. And they have the original metropolitan police files. ♪♪ Alright. Okay. I think this is the one. ♪♪ Should be in this row. There. There. Okay. Let's take a look. Okay. Well, this is awesome that we were given Special access to these letters. And is this really the first letter from jack the ripper? Yes, well, this is the very famous "dear boss" letter. The letter was written 17 days after the second killing And gets its name because it was addressed to "the boss" At london's central news agency. Seeing it up close and in person is disturbing But exciting at the same time. It's the very first letter, first document, really, That you will see the words jack the ripper on. ♪♪ "dear boss, I keep hearing the police have caught me, But they won't fix me just yet. That joke about leather apron gave me real fits. I am down on whores and shant quit ripping Till I do get buckled." That must mean caught. "my knife's so nice and sharp I want to get to work right away if I get a chance. Good luck. Yours truly, Jack the ripper." And then, there's a p.S., and the last thing he says is, "they say I'm a doctor now. Ha ha." I mean, doyle was a doctor, right? And so, maybe there could be a connection here. Doctors actually commented that the murderer Must have had some anatomical knowledge, So the press then started printing stories Saying he might have been a doctor. Let me show you something. I actually brought an example of doyle's handwriting. So let's just take a look here. Here you can see doyle's writing. ♪♪ As I look at these two, they're similar, But I don't know if they're the same. At first glance, There's actually some surprising similarities Between the handwriting of this first jack the ripper letter And the writing of arthur conan doyle, Especially the letters "l," "a," and "e." But closer inspection shows big differences. The ripper writing is at much more of an angle, And the letters like "t" and "h" don't match. They look different, don't they? Yeah. On the other hand, he was a very intelligent guy. Certainly he would have done something to alter the writing Because that's the first thing The police are going to look at, right? So that doesn't necessarily exclude him. It's kind of an intriguing theory. He clearly was fascinated with the case. So what do you think about this letter? I don't think the murderer wrote it. I personally think that it's the sort of the invention Of an enterprising journalist. Oh. Jack the ripper... It's a newsman's dream. The whitechapel murders created a media sensation, So there was incentive to keep the story alive. It's why some people think the "dear boss" letter, Which gave jack the ripper his name, Might just be the creation of an over-eager reporter. But another letter attributed to the ripper May very well be real. It's known as the "from hell" letter. Though its handwriting is completely different And unlike doyle's, It's the gruesome item sent with the letter That leads experts to think it's the real deal. "from hell. Catch me when you can. Mister lusk. Send you a kidney"? And with it in the post came half a human kidney. ♪♪ Wolter: So, a real kidney? Siviter: Well, half a human kidney came in a box With this letter sent to this guy. This is mr. George lusk, And he was head of the whitechapel vigilance committee, A group of local men patrolling the streets, Trying to help the police. And with it in the post Actually came half a human kidney. Really? Wow. God. So this victim they think the kidney is connected to... Who is this person? Her name is catherine eddowes. She was heavily mutilated in mitre square. Wolter: In addition to the crime-scene photos, Artists would do sketches of crime victims, And there's a particularly graphic one Of catherine eddowes. He slit her throat from left to right, Stabbed her in the vagina, ripped up to the breast bone, Took out various organs including her intestines, Placed them over her shoulder. He then cut the tip of her nose off. He cut her ear off, And he also took away with him A kidney and her uterus. Oh. That's brutal. I mean, that's about as brutal as it gets. It's just crazy how he does it, in literally a few minutes. So, a few minutes... the timing, that's interesting. To be able to do that much damage to a body, You had to know what you're doing. The only thing I can conclude Is that the person that committed these murders Had to have been a physician, And I'm gonna see if I can prove it. ♪♪ ♪♪ The fourth ripper victim, catherine eddowes, Was murdered and mutilated in under nine minutes. That's between the time between when eddowes was last seen alive And when her cut-up body was found. My theory is that it took the skills of a doctor Like dr. Arthur conan doyle To slice up a body and extract the organs In the same ritualistic fashion as the ripper did. And to prove it, I'm going to see Exactly what it would take to do what he did. This is not a human cadaver. This is a dummy, right? Yeah, so, the cadaver is silicone. It's what we use to train healthcare professionals. It's not real. But all of the internal organs, They are laid out anatomically in the anatomical positions, So they're exactly where you'd find them Inside your chest and inside your abdomen. The uterus was also cut out. Now, this is a male body. The specimen doesn't have The female body parts like the uterus. What I'm gonna try to do is replicate what the ripper did. I'm going to try and do it In under nine minutes, like the ripper did. But he would have had more to contend with. With a fresh deceased person, Removing the organs, you'd have had a lot of blood. I mean, I'm talking four or five liters of blood That would have spilled into the cavity. That would have impeded your vision, as well, so... And plus, he has to subdue the victim. I mean, he has to get that person still Before he can do his work. Yeah. One of the kidneys was taken out, And I don't even know where that is, But I will find it and try to get it out. I'm a geologist. I'm not a biologist, Certainly not a doctor. I did pretty good in biology class. I got the pig dissection done. I think I did well, But this is a whole different thing, So, um, I guess I'll give it my best shot. Well, I'd absolutely recommend rolling up your sleeves, 'cause it's going to get quite messy. Oh, okay. The ripper did the work in the dark, So I have to do it in the dark. I'm only going to dim the lights to make my best attempt At removing the organs with the same precision. I don't feel like I'm going to get a lot of help from you. Jack the ripper didn't have any help. Good point. Let's get the lights. Set? Set. Go. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ Wolter: Cut the throat. ♪♪ I'm cutting the nose And down to the lower jaw. Then there was another cut here. This might be the craziest thing I've ever done To get to the truth in an investigation, Proving that it took surgical skill that I don't have To eviscerate a body like jack the ripper. ♪♪ Okay. Well, here's the heart. I think that's the liver. The stomach is right here, so these are the intestines. I don't know if I'm cutting the right stuff or not. ♪♪ So, this part of the intestines Went over the shoulder. So now there's the... Where's the kidney? Is that the kidney right there? ♪♪ I hope that's the right thing. ♪♪ So, that's the liver. Oh! [ laughs ] Alright. Oh, I see. Okay. The kidney's got a... Is that it? There's your kidney. Okay. Time. So, lights on. 4 minutes 46. I mimicked a ripper-like evisceration In just under five minutes, Roughly half the time it took the ripper. But I'm convinced it would have taken me double that If I'd had the same conditions he had. Well, that's pretty good, but, you know, let's be fair. There are some variables here that I'm not dealing with That had to be in place that night. For one thing, it was pitch black When the ripper did his work. I'm not dealing with the chest cavity and bones. And as far as the uterus goes, this is... We don't... This is not female body parts, So I kind of had to pretend. So that probably would have taken longer. Yeah. And let me just ask your opinion. Do you think... was it somebody that knew what they were doing? If you wanted to remove the intestine And the kidney and that was your intention, Then yes, absolutely, You would need surgical knowledge to do that. I don't think I've disproven my theory. I think, if anything, I've supported the theory That the person that did the ripper killings Did have medical training. ♪♪ ♪♪ Having medical training checks one box For arthur conan doyle being jack the ripper. Another is that conan doyle was a freemason. And I'm struck by all the masonic connections In the ripper murders. But I think the biggest clue yet The murders were perpetrated by a mason Is the goulston street graffiti, A message found scrawled on the wall Near the site of catherine eddowes' killing. A top researcher in hidden symbolism Is going to show me exactly where it was found. Even though people have suspected It has a freemasonic connection, Getting someone on the inside to confirm it has been a challenge. But maybe that someone is me. Wolter: So, mitre street. "mitre" is a masonic word. Many lodges have "mitre" incorporated into their name. Do you think maybe the ripper picked this place, And catherine eddowes just happened To be walking at the wrong place at the wrong time? Well, if he didn't, it sure is coincidental. Arthur conan doyle was a mason, so it makes you wonder. Catherine eddowes was murdered right over here In the early hours of September 30, 1888. The police report says the only way he could have gotten out, The most likely way, is to go around the corner here. Let's check it out. Okay. This way? Yeah. ♪♪ After the murder of catherine, It was discovered That there was this really peculiar graffiti Written in chalk. ♪♪ I need to show you, 'cause it's very strange. "the juwes are the men That will not be blamed for nothing." Now, not only is it peculiar english, But jews is spelt "j-u-w-e-s." And there's no record ever of the word "jew" Being spelt that way then or at any time. Well, andrew, that is an unusual spelling, But I recognize it. That is the way you spell the collective Of the three ruffians in the master mason degree Who kill hiram abiff. Jubela, jubelo, jubelum. Hiram abiff is an important figure For all initiates of freemasonry. An allegorical story says that hiram abiff was murdered When he refused to give up secret masonic passwords. Abiff's killers were said to be three men Named jubela, jubelo, and jubelum. The three killers' names All start with the letters "j" and "u," And the men have sometimes been called the juwes. For me, this is elementary. I can confirm this is a freemasonic reference Without a doubt. How do we know that ripper's attached to this? Well, if this isn't strange enough, On the very site where this was written, They found a piece of the apron of catherine eddowes, Who had just been murdered moments earlier. Whoever killed her came this way. Well, if it hadn't been seen before, They found this piece of bloody apron And that word was written or chalked onto the wall, That certainly could be a masonic connection, And you're doing nothing to dispel Arthur conan doyle being the suspect. All this seems to fit. ♪♪ As sherlock holmes, or, should I say, doyle said, "when you have eliminated the impossible, Whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth." And that's what I think I found here, That dan and gene friedman's belief That jack the ripper was arthur conan doyle Isn't farfetched at all And that there is plenty of evidence to suggest a freemason Who also had medical training was the killer. Perhaps he left the clues we found on purpose So that one day a good detective would finally crack the case. ♪♪ If you have a mysterious artifact or site I need to see, I want to know about it. Go to travelchannel. Com/ americaunearthed. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 